


Nights Embrace
Others in Seattle: Book 1



Brandy L Rivers
Copyright 2014 Brandy L Rivers
http://brandylrivers.com
Smashwords Edition 
Cover Design by Brandy L Rivers
Edited by Shaner Media Creations

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (Coming 10-24-16)
Untitled: Declan’s story (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds (Coming Spring 2017)

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn (Coming 1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website – Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers’ Shenanigans
Table of Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
About Brandy L Rivers
Reference Guide
Acknowledgements
Breaking Free - Preview
Dedication

To my Lexi Pie, the sweetest, prettiest little girl ever.
You are always doing everything you can
to make everyone else smile.
You’ll always be my little monkey.
I love all your art and your stories.
Love you my creative little princess.
Chapter 1


Late to another gig, Roxy climbed out of her brother’s ancient blue van and slammed the door. The current band’s song swept over her, pulling Roxy under the singer’s spell. She found herself moving toward the entrance, ignoring Jordan’s incessant call of her name.
The rich accented baritone spoke to her soul, enthralling her instantly. Then he started to climb the notes and she nearly melted into a puddle of goo.
Vinnie shook his head, one dark brow arching as his eyes swept over her. “Hey, Roxy. Thought you said something about getting here early tonight?”
A sneer twisted her lips as she cast a sharp glare back at the van. “Yeah, so did I. A certain asshole thought it would be better to stop for a few drinks before leaving.” She was getting really tired of Jordan always insisting on drowning himself in vodka to loosen up for his gig.
“Maybe next time you’ll come on your own?”
She lifted a single shoulder in a shrug and looked toward the door. Curiosity was a bane, but she was intrigued and needed to see the face that went with the gorgeous voice.
Trying to let go of her irritation, Roxy smiled sweetly. “Who are they?”
“Lunar Storm.” He opened the door with a grin. “I’ll stall Jordan for as long as I can.”
“Aww, thank you, Vin.”
She slipped past him, and onto the wings of the stage. Her gaze fell on Mr. Voice who was tall, dark and smokin’ hot.
Holy shit, I want to lick him.
Scuffed combat boots were laced up over black leather pants which clung to muscular thighs, and his black shirt molded to the most impressive set of abs she had ever seen. Roxy wanted to trace the ridges with her fingertips.
He turned, his voice dropping low as his eyes locked on hers. His words enveloped her. “… you’re the only one.”
Her heart paused a beat, before slamming into her chest at a rapid pace. His full mouth lifted into a grin that spoke of confidence as he held her complete attention. Entranced, she fell deep into his eyes and the world stopped.
Until a drumstick hit him in the head. He looked over his shoulder and shrugged sheepishly at his band mate before turning back to launch into the next verse.
Mikey gently shook her shoulder. “Hey, Rox, come on. We have to warm up.”
Her head bobbed in a nod at her brother, but she didn’t move. “Yeah, give me a minute,” or longer.
As if he heard, Mr. Voice glanced over and winked at her before the next song started. “Blinded by beauty, falling at first sight, head over heels…” There was raw passion in his voice, and she couldn’t help wishing he was singing about her.
Someone wrapped their arm around her waist and her head whipped to the side. “What the fuck?” Roxy spat at Jordan.
Jealousy burned in his cold blue eyes. “Come on, space-case, time to warm up. Stare at pretty boy on your own time. He sucks anyway.”
“Fuck you,” Roxy whispered harshly, pulling out of his arms. Her eyes narrowed at Jordan before she brushed past him and climbed the stairs.
Mikey squeezed her hand.
She looked over at her brother, one corner of her mouth lifting. “Did you guys hear them? They’re killer.”
Doug laughed. “I was beginning to think you’d sworn off men.”
“Whatever. The band was primal, and gripping. I want to hear more,” Roxy insisted.
Mikey nudged her shoulder, and gave her an affectionate smile. “They’re pretty good.”
“They are,” Doug admitted. “You’re still drooling over their singer though.”
“Did you lose your taste in music?” Jordan snapped. “They were terrible.”

* * * *

Sneaking a glance, Trevor watched as a man wrapped his arm around the sexy brunette. His need for her was so damned intense he nearly stalked over to stake a claim on the woman who had captivated him. He held his breath a second, but her eyes sparked as she turned to glare at the man behind her.
He could hear the heat in every word. Sounded to Trevor like maybe once the two had been together but she’d washed her hands of him, and now he was trying to get her back. Relief settled in and he threw himself into the music.
Before long he heard someone running down the stairs and then onto the wings of the stage. No one in the building, save the band, would have heard her over the thumping music. He glanced over and nearly lost himself in her unusual eyes. Even with his heightened senses, he couldn’t quite tell their color in the dark.
Her long shapely legs seemed to go on forever, up to a little leather skirt that accentuated her curves. A corset completed the package, pushing her ample bosom up and out. One dark brow cocked as her lips tilted in a smirk. She knew he liked what he saw.
Another thunk of a drumstick hitting him in the head reminded him to sing. Fucker’s gonna die for that shit.
He glared back at Joey, who flipped him the bird with a jovial grin. Trevor motioned for the song “Fated Love.” One of his oldest friends, and the band’s guitar player, had written it when he found his mate. If Trevor had his way, it was the perfect song for the temptress in the wings.
Trevor gave her a smile as he launched into the song. He was willing to bet he was looking at Roxana Nights, whom the staff raved about.
Then again, if it was her, he had his work cut out for him. Rumor, according to the doorman and bartender, was that she didn’t do musicians of any type after leaving her cheating ex, who happened to be her drummer.

* * * *

For the first time in years, Roxy was wet and ached in a way that had trouble written all over it. The singer was like a drug she craved—he was the fix she needed. She shouldn’t indulge, but she didn’t believe she possessed the strength of will to resist after one long-ass dry spell.
Then he started to sing about the first time making love to his woman. That full baritone caressed over her, painting such vivid pictures she could almost feel his hands on her body, his mouth on hers.
Doug chuckled. “You’re going to piss Jordan off with this infatuation. Oh, who am I kidding? You already have.”
Roxy shrugged. “You hear him, right? God, his voice is equivalent to hours of audio foreplay.” She looked away, her cheeks flaming.
She caught the wicked grin the singer shot her way… like he heard. Yeah, and I’m losing my freaking mind. No one could hear anything over the band and his divine voice.
Unfortunately, the song ended, and the singer started saying his thank-yous. Oh lordy, he had an Irish accent, her absolute favorite. Now she craved a long conversation with him. She could listen to him speak for an entire day and maybe the night. Hell, for the whole year.
Mr. Voice ignored the drummer who called out, “Trevor, yo dumbshit, you gonna help?”
She even liked his name.
With his sights set on her, he made his way over.
“They warned me Roxana Nights was enchanting.” His eyes traveled down her body and back up so damn slowly she had to wonder what he was thinking. “I never imagined they were underestimating your beauty.”
Flattery didn’t normally work, but his jade green eyes seared into her, burning the truth of his words on her soul. She couldn’t help but fall under his spell.
“Oh, but you are incredible,” Roxy gushed. “I’ve never heard anyone quite like you. Your range is amazing.” His growls were raw and powerful, his lows resonated, his highs took her soaring. He could even go soft and gentle.
Trevor opened his mouth to reply, but Jordan grabbed her arm and pulled her past him, onto the stage.
Her gaze cut up to Jordan, who had no right to touch her and had, for the second time that night. “Let me the fuck go!”
His eyes rounded as he jerked his hand back with a pained yelp. His face darkened with a sneer. “We’re on. Stop wasting our time.”
She whispered harshly, “Oh, you don’t get to bitch about wasting time after making us late, again. Next time, if there’s one, I’ll be driving myself.”
Trembling from a mix of lust for Trevor and anger at Jordan, she grabbed her mic, and turned back. Trevor was gone.
“Remember,” Jordan whispered in her ear, “you swore off musicians.”
“He’s the singer,” she countered, wishing it actually made a damned bit of difference. Jordan was right. He was the very reason she had sworn off all musicians. Unless he was completely blind, Trevor had to know he was gorgeous. Chances were he was the worst kind of asshole, and it was best to remember that.

* * * *

“Come on, Trev, we’ve got to go.” Joey nodded at the fiery redhead who sat at the bar downing a shot of Jameson. “Sorcha needs me,” he waggled his brows as he looked toward his mate.
While the big lug was distracted, Trevor slipped into the crowd and made his way to the front. A few people tried to engage him, but he was focused on the siren who had taken the stage and instantly captivated the crowd. He was tempted to throttle the prick who’d dragged her around, but the woman had fire. With one cutting glare, the arsehole had backed off.
Still, Trevor barely managed to stop himself from teaching the bastard a lesson on how to treat a lady. Probably a good thing. He had a feeling beating that lustful gaze off her drummer’s face was a good way to land himself on her shit list. That was the last thing he wanted.
Roxana faced the audience and asked, “After that killer performance by Lunar Storm, are you guys sure you want to hear us?”
The crowd erupted with a, “Hell, yeah!”
Her eyes flicked to Trevor and stayed as a grin spread on her face. “First, give it to the guys of Lunar Storm. They put on an amazing show.”
Trevor heard her drummer’s snarl before he started a hard beat.
Her eyes blazed as she shot a glance back at the tatted blond. He returned her dark look and she flipped him off. Roxy turned back and launched into her song about love gone wrong. On the cutting lyrics, her gaze sliced to the drummer before swinging back out to engage the audience. More often than not, her eyes locked on Trevor.
Each song told more of her story, and he suspected a lot of it was based on her and the drummer’s broken relationship. If so, how could any man be such a fool? She had trusted him, and he burned her time and time again.
The more he listened, the more he wanted to carry her away so he could banish her ex and all of his wrongs from her memory. Something about her called to him, branding him. He needed more of her.
For an hour, he was swept up into her life, her words, her very essence, and he wanted to lose himself in her world.
Nights Embrace’s set ended. The lights went off as the curtain came down, but Trevor stood frozen, waiting for her to make an appearance. It was only a matter of time.
“Hey, asswipe,” Joey growled. “Time to go. You’ll see her around.”
“I need to talk to her,” Trevor insisted.
“You’ve eye-fucked her enough for one night. Let the girl go for now, and find her tomorrow. Seattle is not so big you won’t run into her again.”
Joey was right. Her scent of cherry blossoms in the rain was permanently embedded into his memory. Still, he didn’t want to leave. “I could walk back.”
“Are you going to make her yours tonight?” Joey taunted.
Trevor paused, reality kicking in. What if she didn’t want his life? What then?
“Don’t worry, Trev.” Sorcha grinned as she stepped up beside them. She swept her bright red hair behind her ear. “She’s half in love with you already. I saw the way she watched you. What woman wouldn’t be?”
He snorted. He wasn’t interested in most women. “She knows nothing of us. Roxana may not want what we are. She may not handle it half as well as you did.”
More doubt crept in as he followed his clan out the door. He climbed into the back of Joey’s battered red Jeep. Staring blindly out the window, he spent the trip obsessing over Roxana’s iridescent, pale blue eyes, longing to hear her enchanting voice.

* * * *

Roxy tossed her cables into Mike’s van, slammed the banged up back door shut, and booked it back to the stage. She peeked around the black velvet curtain, but she didn’t see him. Her heart fell, and she stepped onto the stage to take a better look at the thinning crowd.
Damn. He’s gone.
She let out a heavy breath and dragged her feet on her way back to the guys.
Mikey met her halfway. “You really thinking about taking a chance on Lunar Storm’s singer?” Caution was written all over his expression.
“Doesn’t matter. He’s not there.”
Mikey shook his head. “Look, I saw his drummer trying to get him out of the club before we went on. He snuck away just to watch you. They probably dragged him out the second we finished.”
“Like I said, doesn’t matter,” Roxy muttered and stepped around Mikey.
“Hey, Sis. He is into you. Just be careful.”
She looked away. “He’s not here. So drop it. I’m not going to go looking for him.”
“Maybe you should,” he answered simply.
Her gaze snapped to his and there was accusation in her tone. “And maybe you should grow a set and tell Isadora what you really want.”
He growled back, “We were never together. We fuck, we dance, but we don’t work well enough for her to love me. It’s fine.”
“Yeah, well I don’t know the guy, so drop it.”
Mikey threw his hands up. “Fine, fine. I’m just trying to help.”
Roxy’s eyes narrowed to slits as her hands landed on her hips. “Yeah, well I’m an adult in case you haven’t noticed, and I do all right on my own.” She stormed out of the club.
There was no avoiding the trip home, and she felt like a fool. She climbed into the back of the van and threw herself into a seat.
If they weren’t down on the waterfront, with fifteen blocks of steep hill to climb in five inch heels, she would walk her ass home to avoid dealing with Jordan and his bullshit.
He was already wasted, and she had made no attempt to hide her obvious attraction to a singer of all things. It was inevitable, Jordan was going to slide into major ass mode.
Doug climbed in beside her. “Don’t be so hard on your brother. He worries about you. And for once, he was trying to encourage you to go for what you want.”
She dropped her head back. “Shit, can we drop the singer? I just want to get home and sleep.”
Mikey climbed into the driver’s seat and gave her a sympathetic look. Jordan took shotgun and turned in his seat to look at her. “You’re coming over, right?”
“No. I’m done. I’m going home,” she answered coldly.
“You never come over anymore,” he complained, and she caught the hint of sadness in his voice. Unfortunately, that wouldn’t keep him from being an asshole. She had recently grown immune to Jordan’s whining, begging and the insults that were sure to follow when she didn’t give in.
“I have no reason to, Jordan.” She turned to stare out the window, and all she could see were Trevor’s jade eyes. Why wasn’t he there when she went back? Did I completely misread him?
The ride to Doug and Jordan’s took a few short minutes. She managed to ignore everyone.
Mikey pulled up, and she saw the three skanky girls sitting on the steps outside Jordan and Doug’s old brick building.
Definitely time to bail. Waiting for Mikey to unload their stuff would mean listening to Jordan begging her to stick around while girls blatantly came on to him.
Her patience had already run out. Roxy quickly hopped from the van, and started for home.
She wasn’t fast enough. Jordan was in her face, his hands wrapping around her waist, too tight. “Come on, Rox, stay the night. There’s plenty of me to go around.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Go play with your trash, but don’t expect me to join in.”
“I’ll send them home, and you can pretend I’m your singer,” he whispered harshly.
Her hair stood on end when she slapped him hard enough to whip his head to the side. She could have sworn she saw a flash of spark a millisecond before her hand made contact.
Jordan stumbled away, pressing his hand to his face as she turned, hurrying home, and away from the shit.
A slam echoed, and Doug sounded pissed. “Let her go, dumbfuck. Whatever you said was the wrong damned thing.”
Roxy didn’t bother to look back, but she corrected Doug with, “Everything he says is the wrong thing.” She quickened her pace.
Mikey caught up. “Please, Sis, give me a minute to unload their shit. I’ll leave it on the sidewalk, then drive you home?”
“I need to walk. Go ahead and stay. Have fun. I need to be alone.”
Mike stopped and she kept going. “Be careful, Rox. You’re still my baby sister.”
Tears threatened to spill, but she reined them in. “Night, Mikey.”
Chapter 2


Roxy walked into the Jitterhouse café feeling antsy and unsettled. Barely seven in the morning, but she couldn’t sleep. She kept dreaming about Trevor, the mysterious singer from Lunar Storm. And when she wasn’t dreaming about him, she was dreaming about a giant ass dog with golden eyes. Normally, dogs scared the hell out of her, but she wanted to reach out and run her fingers through his dark gray fur.
Skylar sat perched on her stool behind the counter. The door chimed and Skyler looked up from her book. Grinning, she hooked her scarlet hair behind her ears, and hopped to her feet. “Hey Roxy, God, you’re up early. Didn’t you just get done singing your ass off a few hours ago? By the way, you were great, as usual. Did I mention I’m jealous?” Her flow of words stopped as she took a breath and let out a giant yawn.
“Thanks. Couldn’t sleep.” Roxy shrugged. “So load me up on caffeine.” Then she gave Skylar a concerned frown. “And why are you jealous?”
“Of course. Oh, let’s see, you barely get any sleep and still look wide awake. Hey, did you see that singer from Lunar Storm? God, he was gorgeous… and he could sing.” Skylar eyed Roxy suspiciously.
“Yeah, I saw him. He… they were great.” Of course, Roxy had never bothered to actually look at the rest of the band.
“He couldn’t keep his eyes off you while you were up there. Did you notice that? Oh wait, here’s a better question: Did you notice I was standing next to him?”
Roxy shrugged innocently. “Sorry? I was kind of distracted.”
Skylar was about to burst at the seams from excitement. “Did you talk to him?”
“Nope. Never got the chance, and of course I saw you.” At least she thought she glimpsed Skylar, but it was impossible to keep her eyes off that gorgeous man for long.
“Let me guess, Jordan was being his normal jackass-self last night?” Skylar shuddered, her face twisting in disgust.
“Worse. Bastard wanted me to join in the festivities with his groupies. Needless to say, I declined.”
“Tell me you’re going to find a reason to ditch his ass today. Please,” Skylar begged.
Roxy shoved her hands in her pockets with a smirk. “He was drunk enough when we got back from the show he probably won’t wake up until late this afternoon. In the unlikely event he does show up, he’ll finally have a taste of his own medicine.”
“Good. You really need to do something about him.”
She’d been trying, but Mikey and Doug kept pleading with her to give him another chance. Roxy had already learned Jordan was never going to change. He’d proven that more times than she cared to count.
Roxy reached for her money and Skylar shook her head. “Nope, it’s my treat.” Exactly what Skylar said every day.
That didn’t stop Roxy. “Too bad.” She stuffed the money in her tip jar instead. “I’ll be in my favorite seat, writing as usual.” Roxy turned toward the table.
She sat down in the back corner of the café and made herself comfortable. After a long drink of coffee, Roxy put earbuds in and cranked her music. Then she pulled her laptop out and opened up the current work in progress.

* * * *

Unable to sleep, Trevor went for a walk in an attempt to clear his mind. He had no particular direction in mind as he let instinct guide his feet.
Her smell, that cherry blossom scent, caught Trevor’s attention. He turned in the direction she’d taken not ten minutes before.
She was close, oh so close. He forced himself to slow down to a steady pace as he tracked her. She hadn’t gone far. Her trail led him a few blocks down to a vibrant cafe. His heart pounded in his chest as he watched Roxana slump into a booth.
Instead of the rocker chick persona, she looked lovely in a soft charcoal sweater, fresh face, and skinny jeans with biker boots. She looked irritated, and he hoped like hell he hadn’t somehow pissed her off. He wanted to bring her sassy smirk back, the one she gave him before her ex wrecked it.
His phone buzzed, and he read a text from Joey.
Best tell her soon. Otherwise it will happen before you know it.
Trevor didn’t bother responding. Instead, he stepped inside. Roxana had made herself at home, popping her earbuds in and sitting back with her laptop. She seemed to lose herself in her words like he always did.
Giving her a few moments, he stepped up to the counter. He recognized the spunky little redhead from the night before. She spent the night cheering Roxana on. Her hair was pulled into a messy knot, and her eye-liner was very dark.
Big gun-metal gray eyes rounded in surprise as she lifted her face from her book. “Here to see Roxy?”
The corners of his mouth quirked up. “I find it hard to resist Miss Nights.”
Her eyes closed as she shivered. “Just open your mouth and speak—I guarantee she’ll be yours. She loves a sexy Irish accent.”
He chuckled. “I take it you know her well?”
“I do. She’s my nearest and dearest friend. I’ll tell you a secret. She needs a good man. Are you a good man? One who will treat her right? If not, I may not look like much, but I will cause you bodily harm if you make one wrong move.”
“I only have her best interests at heart.”
“Aww, you’ve won my vote. What can I get you? Or is it only Roxy you want?”
Oh, he did want her, need even. Taking a slow breath, he gave the barista a smile and ordered, “Americano, black.”
Trevor looked over at Roxana. Her bottom lip was caught between her teeth, her raven hair swept behind her ears. She glared at her laptop, her fingers flying furiously over the keyboard. He had to wonder what she was doing.
“Oh, don’t worry. All you have to do is walk over there and smile at her. She’ll forget why she’s pissed off this morning.”
He looked back to the girl as she placed his drink in front of him. “I’m Trevor.” He held out his hand.
“Skylar.” She answered as they shook. “This is my treat. All I ask is that you go make her day.” She winked.
Trevor dipped his head and walked toward Roxana.

* * * *

There was a vibration in Roxy’s back pocket, and she ground her teeth together. She was tempted to shut it off, but that required her to dig it out of her pocket. The only person she wanted to talk to this early was Skylar when she brought more coffee over.
There was a tap to her knee and she reflexively looked up with narrowed eyes. Her breath caught in her throat, directly below lodged heart.
Mr. Voice stood there, smiling down at her. Her words dried up.
She sat there frozen a second before sitting forward, setting her laptop down, and then yanking her earbuds out. “Hi… uh sorry… um… you’re in Lunar Storm.” Her eyes briefly closed. She wanted to smack herself for how stupid she must have sounded.
He nodded, his smile widening. “Don’t apologize. I’m sorry for the intrusion, but yes, I’m Trevor Malone.” His accent colored his words, but it was faded, as if he had been in the States for years. He had a strong jaw, full mouth, and sharp cheekbones. Roxy lost herself in his gaze.
When she finally got her wits together she smiled back at him. “Roxy, but you already know that.” She reached forward, shaking his hand. He had a strong, smooth grip, and his hands were intoxicatingly warm. “Sorry about my drummer. Jordan’s an ass.”
“No worries. Can I join you?” he asked, his eyes sliding to the velvet lined bench across from her.
“Yes, of course.” Roxy shoved her laptop into her backpack and put her earbuds away as he took a seat. The morning was already looking up. “I was just doing what I always do,” she muttered sheepishly.
“I’m curious what had you beating your poor keyboard with such passion,” his dark brow arched.
Roxy snorted. “Writing. You could say I get wrapped up in my characters’ heads.”
“Characters?”
She licked her lips, wishing she could take that back, but it was too late now. “Yeah. I’m an author.”
He leaned forward, his hands on the table. “You’re that Roxana Nights?”
Her breath caught and she felt the flush creep up her face. “Uh, yeah. You know about me?”
“Sorcha said you might be her. She got me hooked on your books.”
Shit. Of course he has a girlfriend.
Trevor added, “Her man, Joey, won’t read them, but I like a little of everything. I’m intrigued by your take on the magical world.”
Relief washed over her, but she was still a little flustered that he may have read some of her stuff. She couldn’t help wondering if he was thinking of some of her racier scenes. Unsure if she should be embarrassed or pleased, she admitted, “I uh… I don’t know what to say.”
“I love the way you bring your characters to life.”
“Thanks.” Please tell me he’s not some creepy stalker fan.
He shook his head, a blush creeping onto his own face. “Sorry, I saw you sitting down and I couldn’t resist a chance to talk to you without interruption. Last night I felt a spark between us. I was hoping we could get to know each other?”
There was no denying that spark. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Your band is amazing.”
“Nothing compared to you,” he replied.
She bit her lip and took a deep breath. “So, we love each other’s passions. Can I suggest we skip past all of the ego-stroking and get right to getting to know one another as real people? I mean, I’m obviously not my characters, and I’m completely different when I’m on stage. I’m guessing the same goes for you.” Because as hot as Mr. Voice was in his leather pants and fitted shirt, she had a strong desire to curl up in his lap now that he was dressed down in a warm sweater and jeans. He was even more inviting with his hair falling into his eyes.
“Sounds good to me,” he answered, staring deep into her eyes.
“How long have you been in Seattle?”
“Not long at all.” His brow arched, and his dimple deepened. “In fact, I was hoping maybe you could show me around.”
“Really? You need a tour guide?” For him, she could play the part. Spending the day with him, listening to his sexy accent while getting acquainted sounded like a much better way to spend her day than avoiding Jordan so she could write.
He shrugged, his dimples showing as he smiled. “Only if you don’t mind walking around the city with me.”
“I’m up for it. What did you have in mind?”
“I keep hearing about Pick Place Market. Maybe we can start there?”
She didn’t buy it, but he wore such an innocent expression she played along. Besides, the vibrant energy and eclectic collection of shops made it her favorite tourist trap. When suffering from writer’s block she would spend the day people watching. She could always count on finding inspiration among the diverse crowd.
“Pike Place Market,” she corrected with a laugh. “It’s a bit of a walk. I suggest breakfast first if you haven’t eaten yet.”
“I can always eat.”
“Give me a minute then. I should tell Skylar I’m heading out.”
He nodded and she slipped out of the booth. She took a look at her phone and saw the three missed calls from Jordan before she shut it off and slid it into her backpack.
Skylar had her vanilla breve ready by the time she was up at the counter.
Roxy glanced back at Trevor and grinned. “So, I’ll be leaving with Mr. Voice.”
“You swear you’ll ditch Jordan today?” Skylar prompted.
“Consider it done. He’s called three times, which is a record since it’s not even noon yet.”
“Don’t let Jordan talk you out of Trevor.”
“I won’t. I plan to enjoy myself.”
“Good, now go do something crazy.”
Roxy rolled her eyes, and slipped another five into Skylar’s tip jar, ignoring her glare. She walked back to the table and grabbed her bag. “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
Chapter 3


Trevor followed Roxy out of the cafe and down the road. Between appreciating her seductive scent, and admiring the view, he considered asking about Jordan.
No, dumbshit. She thinks you’re human, he reminded himself. No one was going to believe he heard their conversation from across the room.
She looked over and met his gaze, a smile gracing her lips. The breeze shifted her hair, wrapping him in her essence. He was tempted drop his face to her shoulder and breathe her in as he pressed her against the wall. His hands itched to touch her skin, his lips wanted to brush over hers. He knew her lush curves would be heaven against his body. 
She nudged him, and he pulled himself out of his fantasies.
“Sorry.” He licked his lips, but he was at a loss as to what to say.
“Don’t worry about it, but that’s it.” She nodded to the sign a couple doors down. “The Monsoon. I eat here most mornings. Usually after I spend some time at the Jitterhouse.”
Most mornings? “I take it the food is good,” he asked with a raised brow.
Her eyes slid away, a slight blush colored her cheeks. “I like it, but I’m not big on cooking.”
He hurried past her to open the door. Her eyes grazed over him as she walked past with a shy smile.
Damn, but she was adorable, and hot as hell.
He followed her into the diner. The walls were deep brown, the tables wooden, and the booths had black leather seats. Hard rock played quietly in the background.
The waiter looked up and walked to them. He gave her a friendly hug. “Hey, Rox. Your table’s open.”
“Thanks, Jason.” She nodded toward Trevor. “Jason, meet Trevor. Trevor, Jason.”
Jason gave him an appraising look before offering his hand. The guy gave him a silent warning with his eyes, but Trevor didn’t sense any lust or love for Roxy from the waiter, only concern.
The more Trevor learned, the more intrigued he was.
Roxy let out an exasperated sigh. “Watch it, Jason,” she warned before grabbing Trevor’s wrist and pulling him toward a booth in the back. She glanced up at Trevor with a huff. “Jason means well. He’s like another brother.”
Trevor nodded. “Friendships as strong as family are a blessing, Roxy.”
She slid into her seat and lifted a single shoulder. Trevor sat down beside her in the curved booth. When she looked into his eyes, she sighed. “Can be, but it can also be a nuisance. He sees me as a baby sister who needs to be watched like a hawk. It gets old.”
That he understood. There were times his clan did the same for him, but they had their reasons. Now he was curious why her friends were so protective.

* * * *

Trevor’s dimple made an appearance as he studied her. Roxy wanted to brush her fingertip over the indent. Looking away with a dreamy sigh, she wondered what she was getting herself into. He seemed so damned perfect, but she knew better. No man was perfect.
Jason dropped into the empty side of the booth with an easy smile.
Before Jason could say anything, Roxy arched a brow his way. “So, where were you last night?”
He pushed his fingers through his hair and glanced away. “Amy and I are back together. She had me tied up.”
Roxy couldn’t help laughing. “That I can believe. You missed an amazing show, and I’m not talking about my set. Trevor fronts Lunar Storm. You have to hear them.”
Trevor shook his head. “She’s too modest. Their set blew ours out of the water.”
Jason laughed. “Maybe next time I’ll see you both.” He slid a menu to Trevor.
Frowning, Trevor asked, “No menu for Roxy?”
“Oh, she doesn’t need one. She knows the menu by heart, and she hasn’t changed her order in the last four or five years. What can I get you to drink?”
“Coffee, please,” Trevor answered.
“I’ll be back,” Jason hopped up and walked off.
Trevor looked back down at the menu, but set it aside as Jason came back with two coffee mugs, and a bowl of creamer cups he placed in front of Trevor.
Jason gave Trevor a nod as he slid his hands in his back pockets. “Go ahead and order.”
Trevor asked for steak and eggs, rare and sunny side up with sourdough toast, and Jason was on his way.
Roxana fought off a shudder. The thought of rare steak made her queasy, and his eggs weren’t much better. At least he drank his coffee black.
“You’re looking at me like I kicked your puppy. Did I do something wrong?” he asked lightly.
She giggled, feeling foolish. “No, but your breakfast doesn’t sound very appetizing.”
He licked his lips. “Oh? And what is it you ordered?”
A crooked grin lifted one corner of her mouth. “Crispy bacon, eggs over medium, with dark wheat toast.”
He nodded. “Hmm.”
“Hmm, what?”
“Hmm is all. I’m getting to know you.”
She couldn’t help herself. “And what do you think so far?” He’d been studying her every move and seemed pleasantly surprised by every word.
“You’re enchanting, talented, smart and a little unpredictable. The way your drummer was acting, I thought you were with him. I’m guessing he was someone important in the past, but now he’s a nuisance?”
Her smile fell. “You are correct, but I’d rather not get into the past. However, I will say I haven’t been with him in a very long time, and will never be again.” She glanced away and closed her eyes.
“Fair enough,” his voice was gentle, thoughtful.
She looked back and noticed the tattoo on his forearm as he brought his cup to his full mouth. She studied the crest. A wolf on the top left, another on the bottom right. There was a moon in the top right, and a couple in a lover’s embrace in the lower left.
Roxy gave into temptation and ran her fingers over the symbol.
She looked up into his captivating gaze and nearly got lost there. “It’s amazing.”
His lips curved into a warm smile. “Thank you. My clan created it long ago. It has a lot of meaning behind it, but it’s hard to explain.” He looked down at the pattern and brushed his fingers over hers before looking back at her. “The rest of the guys in the band have the same tattoo.”
“Really? Are you all family?”
“You could call them extended family. We grew up in the same town. It was a very tight knit community.”
She pushed her hair behind her ear. “Why did you all move out to Seattle?”
He looked far away for a moment, sadness creeping into his expression. “That’s a long story. Maybe after we get to know each other better, I’ll tell you.” He sighed and traced her fingers again, sending a warm tingling all the way to her toes. “Right now, I’m in a good mood and I don’t want to spoil that lovely smile of yours.”
Heat warmed her cheeks again. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d blushed so much. He made her feel desired, something she wasn’t used to feeling. Wanted, yes, but not desired. Trevor seemed truly interested in what she had to say.
His eyes dropped back to where she had pushed her sleeve up. He gently turned her arm to see the letters on her forearm. One dark brow arched. “‘Disaster?’ Why would you think that?”
She felt silly as she explained, “When you read it the other way, it says ‘Beautiful’. That’s me, a beautiful disaster. I’ve always been told how talented and pretty I am, but in reality, my life is a mess.”
His fingers trailed down her arm to take her hand in his. “We all have disasters to deal with. Once we get through them, we’re stronger for it,” he murmured.
His touch sent a burning shiver all the way to her core. For the first time, in what seemed like forever, she desired a man. Not any man, only the one sitting before her, staring into her eyes as if he could see all the way to her soul.
Stupid, Rox. He could be the world’s best actor, playing you like a fool. He has all the charisma in the world and could easily have any woman he wants. So what the hell makes you think he wants anything more than a little naked fun time?
She swallowed hard and pulled her gaze away. “And sometimes you need to move on.” Roxy had learned the hard way that things weren’t generally what they seemed.
His smile drew her gaze. He waited until he had her attention, and with a gentle tone, he told her, “I hope that’s not a reference to me. We’ve only just met, and I would love a chance to know you.”
“Not you.” She sighed, drawing circles on the tabletop with her fingers. “Things I should have left behind years ago, but sometimes it’s hard to give up completely.” Her train of thought was depressing, and she wanted to think about anything else.
Jason brought their food before the conversation could go any further. Her nose wrinkled at the steak that would probably moo if it were attached to the cow. She quickly covered her initial reaction by shoving a piece of bacon in her mouth.

* * * *

Roxy pushed her plate away before she sat back and gulped down the rest of her coffee. When she finally looked away from Trevor, she caught Jason’s sour expression as he nodded to the door where she saw Jordan stumbling toward her table.
Her stomach dropped out. More often than not, he skipped out on their writing sessions because he couldn’t be bothered to wake up before noon. Now she was with a man she was actually interested in, and Jordan was hunting her down before eight in the morning.
She scrunched down in her seat, hoping he wouldn’t notice her. Too late, Jordan made a beeline for her.
Jason moved to the table in a valiant attempt to block Jordan.
Trevor pushed a couple twenties into his hand and said, “Keep the rest. I think we’ll be going.” Trevor smiled pleasantly, but his posture was full of tension as he watched Jordan intently.
Jordan stepped up to the end of the table and glared down at her. “What do we have here? Meeting up with this talentless loser? Were you with him all night?”
Roxy took a deep breath and managed to brush off his accusation as she pushed past him and made her way to the door.
He didn’t let her go so easily. Catching her wrist, Jordan spun her around.
“Hey,” Jordan glowered, “you can’t ignore me, Rox. You’re supposed to meet me at twelve for a writing session.”
Her laugh was bitter as she jerked her arm away. “You’re one to talk.” She spun back toward the door and walked away from Jordan before she gave in to the urge to slap him.
She reached for the knob as Jordan’s hands closed over her shoulders. She stopped, shaking her head.
Jordan snarled. “You’re actually going to ditch me? Just bail on me? What happened to all of your lectures about showing up when I’m supposed to?”
Roxy refused to look back. Her tone was heated but controlled. “Yeah, well you never do. Do you? And after what you said last night, I don’t have the patience to deal with your bullshit.”
His hand slithered across her stomach before he tried to pull her into his body. She threw his hand off her and stepped away. “Sober up, Jordan. I can still smell the vodka. And remember, I’m not yours. I haven’t been in a very long time.”
Jordan stepped closer. “I’ll see you in a couple hours.”
She glared over her shoulder. “You don’t get it, do you? I’m not going to be there at noon, or any other time. I can’t deal with you today.”
She slipped out the door. It took all she had not to bolt, but Trevor caught up. His big fingers gently threaded through hers.
Man, he really didn’t know what he was getting into. She wondered how long before he would have enough of the drama in her life. Hell, she was nearly at her breaking point.
Chapter 4


Trevor could sense her warring emotions. He wished he could take it all away. “Want to talk about it?” he asked softly.
“No. He’s the past, distant fucking past, but he doesn’t get it.” She stared straight ahead as she wiped the back of her free hand across her face. “Maybe we should do this another time.”
“Are you planning to go to the session?” He seriously hoped not, but he wouldn’t argue.
She stopped in her tracks and glared up at him with fire in her eyes. “No. I’m done with Jordan and his bullshit. I just don’t want to drag you into all the drama. It never seems to end.”
He moved closer, and gently caressed her face. “If you’re still up for it, I do want to go to Pick… I mean Pike Place Market.” He gave her his best innocent smile.
“Yeah,” she whispered, but her eyes were full of hope. Her voice was a little stronger. “That sounds a hell of a lot better than me trying to write through my frustration.”
Trevor wore a shy smile as he brushed his knuckles down her face, and neck. His hand turned so his fingertips traveled down her arm to her palm, until he recaptured her hand in his. He watched as her breath caught and a shiver went through her.
“Want to walk?” he practically purred.
“Yeah. Sounds good.”
Together they started down the hill. She moved closer to Trevor as the tension slowly left her. He couldn’t help but wrap an arm around her, pulling her into his side. There were a thousand questions he wanted to ask, and a million things he wanted to tell her. But now was not the time. Not yet.
He looked over at her, but she stared straight ahead, seemingly lost in thought. For the moment, he was content to let her be.

* * * *

Trevor’s warmth enveloped Roxy as he pulled her closer, chasing back the chill that had settled in. An army of butterflies took flight in her stomach, and she felt at home in his embrace.
Too good to be real. There has to be something seriously wrong with this guy.
“So, what’s the market like?” he finally broke their easy silence.
Roxy looked up at him to see his flirty little smirk. She nodded down the hill as they took the corner. “See for yourself.”
The main entrance was a block below, full of vibrant energy from the diverse crowd, and countless funky vendors. It was easy to lose herself and pretend she was someone else for a little while.
“Wow,” he whispered in awe.
Grinning, she tugged his hand and pulled him toward the Flying Fish. She came to a stop so they could watch the men throwing fish around as customers ordered.
Trevor stepped in behind her and wound his arms around her waist. Anyone else and she would have moved away, but she found herself sinking into his warmth as she leaned back into his hard chest. He leaned his face against hers.
A giant salmon flew inches in front of them and she gasped. He chuckled, his breath fanning across her cheek, his chest moving against her as he squeezed her tighter. She wanted to turn around and fall into his kiss.
“Come on. Let’s walk.” Her request came out breathless. She pulled out of his arms, but took his hand to lead him through the upper level.
“Sounds good,” he murmured as he closed the distance. She gravitated toward him, craving his touch.
Trevor veered them towards a stand full of colorful bouquets. His eyes swept over the display before meeting hers. “What kind of flowers do you like?”
She shrugged. “They’re all pretty, but I’m not really into cut flowers.” She’d rather see them growing naturally, than in a vase where they were destined to wilt and die.
He swept her hair behind her ear and traced her cheek with his thumb, lighting a desire stronger than anything she had ever felt before. His dimple appeared as he studied her with a thoughtful smile.
Turning back to the ancient vendor, peeking up from her wicker chair behind the display table, Trevor pointed to the exotic pale blue flowers. “Could I get one of those for this lovely lady?”
Blushing, Roxy ducked her head.
“Of course.” The merchant handed him a flower but wouldn’t take his money. “Consider it an old woman’s blessing for a young love.”
“Thank you.” Trevor gave her one of his sweet smiles and the little woman nearly fainted. Roxy didn’t blame her. Between his charm, that accent, and his sweet smile, not to mention his striking looks, he was any woman’s fantasy.
Trevor turned back to her and closed the distance. He swept her hair back and put the flower behind her ear. “It matches your eyes.”
The way he looked at her made her weak in the knees, and those gentle caresses were more erotic than any touch she had ever received. At a loss for words, she stared back at him.
He dropped his gaze, color flooding his cheeks. “Sorry. I couldn’t resist.”
“No, you’re fine. I just…” she sighed. The thought was ridiculous, but she took a breath and uttered the words anyway. “I don’t think anyone has ever looked at me the way you do. Like you truly see me, all of me.”
He glanced back up, his eyes locking on hers. “I don’t see how I can be the first. You’re all I’ve seen since I laid eyes on you last night.”
Her heart thumped in her chest at the sincerity in his words. She melted even as doubt floated around the edges.
Roxy couldn’t resist a smile. “I know the feeling. You’ve been on my mind too.”
His smile brightened. “We should probably walk,” he murmured.

* * * *

They walked the loop through the upper level several times, but Trevor had a hard time focusing on the merchants and their various wares as Roxy captivated all of his attention He was already searching for the right way to share his secrets with her.
She stopped in her tracks and looked around with a nervous giggle. “Is it me, or are we too engrossed in each other to actually pay attention to anything else?”
He gave her a crooked grin. “Oh no, it’s not just you. Maybe we can find some place quiet?”
“Mmm, good idea.” She pulled him down a set of stairs and brought him out to a balcony next to a playground. From the rail, you could see the street below, with the waterfront a little further down.
The rain kept most of the tourists inside, so it was quiet for the moment. She walked to the railing to stare off toward the Puget Sound. “I love it here. I don’t know why.”
He leaned next to Roxy, and watched her. “I don’t know why either, but I’m falling in love with Seattle,” he admitted, though a large part of that had everything to do with Roxy. Until last night, it was just another city at the end of a long list of places he’d lived.
Never in his life had he ever felt a pull so strong. He craved her company, and so much more. Roxy lit a desire deep in his soul, and he was terrified of what it meant. He knew he would shatter into a million pieces if she couldn’t accept what he was, if she shunned his beast.
She finally looked up at him, and once again he was struck by her unusual eyes that drew him in and bound him to her. Her head tilted to the side, her dark hair falling loose. “What?” she whispered.
He heard footsteps coming down the steps, and caught Joey’s scent. “Shit, I think Joey found me.” He stepped away from the rail, and turned toward the upper level.
Her brows drew together. “What? Who?” Her nose scrunched in the most adorable way as she followed his gaze.
Trevor nodded toward the giant of a man who came bounding down the stairs.
Her eyes widened as she looked up—way up at Joey, who was solid muscle. He grinned at her, his dark eyes twinkling.
“Who’s your new friend, Trevor?” He hadn’t lost a bit of his deep Irish accent.
She still looked confused which fueled a confident smile on Trevor’s face. “Roxana Nights, this is Joseph Mullins, but we all call him Joey. He’s our drummer.”
“Oh, right.” A sheepish smile pulled at her lips. “You guys were amazing last night.”
Joey gave her a wink with a slight bow. He arched a single brow at Trevor when he straightened. “Found what you were looking for?” He turned back to Roxy and eyed her from head to toe. “I almost didn’t recognize you without the hot little outfit and make-up.”
Trevor narrowed his eyes at Joey.
She laughed, drawing Trevor’s attention. “Thanks. I think.” Looking to Trevor, she swept her hair behind her ear.
Joey slapped Trevor on the back. “I think Trevor’s enthralled. He couldn’t peel his eyes from you last night, and you seem to be missing the death-glares he’s shooting me now.” Joey ducked away.
Tempting as it was, he wasn’t going to start fighting with Joey in front of her. Not until he had a chance to explain who and what he was. Instead, he took a breath and shook his head. “Don’t listen to him.”
Amused, Roxy smiled up at Trevor and he had to rein himself in before he pulled her into his embrace and claimed her mouth, or worse, stripped her bare to bury himself in her lush body.
“Might want to be careful. Lover-boy here is already obsessed with you,” Joey teased.
Her brow creased as she tossed him a glance. “Why do you say that?”
“We couldn’t get him to leave until you were off the stage, and then we still had to drag him out of the club. It was hours before he finally shut up about you. No offense, but it got old after an hour of non-stop chatter. Don’t worry though, you’ve turned him into a puppy-dog.”
Trevor threaded his fingers through hers, and she brought her gaze back to his.
“He’s right,” Trevor admitted, hoping he didn’t sound like a stalker. “You’ve captured my interest. I believe I mentioned that.” He winked.
She nibbled her bottom lip. He could hear her heart racing as she took a shuddering breath. “As you’ve caught mine,” she finally acknowledged.
That shot straight to his heart. He wanted to send Joey away and keep her all to himself. His beast was prowling, ready to fight for her, even though Trevor knew Joey wasn’t interested, no matter how he might tease.

* * * *

Holy shit, the way he looks at me… She didn’t know what to say. Her mouth was dry, and she ached for his touch.
Roxy glanced away, regretting the path her mind took.
Joey laughed out loud. “Don’t worry, Roxy. Trevor is the nicest guy around. In fact, he’s a perfect gentleman.” Her gaze snapped up and he waggled his brows. “Now, if you ever find yourself in need of a bad boy…” he pointed to himself with a wicked leer.
She snorted. “I’m done with bad boys. Trevor seems to be exactly what I’m looking for.” Her eyes rounded as she realized what she openly admitted.
Trevor chimed in triumphantly, “Ha. See, not all women want the bad boy.”
“Fine. Fine. Spoil all my fun,” he let out a put-upon sigh. “I’m meeting Sorcha. She should be here any time now.”
Did Trevor know about Pike Place? Most likely. Everyone knows about Pike Place. She didn’t mind the deception even though she knew she should. It was a good excuse to spend a day with a total stranger, and he had definitely brightened her mood, even if her ex had tried to wreck it.
“Sorcha?” Roxy asked. Trevor had mentioned her earlier, and she couldn’t help wondering about her.
“Aye, she’s my girl,” Joey smiled, shoving his big hands in his pockets as he rocked back on his heels. “She thought you were amazing.”
“Nights Embrace was amazing.” The feminine Irish accent drew Roxy’s attention. Black eyeliner rimmed bright blue sparkling eyes, her lips were painted crimson to match her chin length hair. The punker chic look might have seemed out of place on anyone else, but Sorcha had the attitude to pull it off.
She walked straight to Joey who put his arm around her shoulder, pulling her close.
Joey chuckled. “So you say.”
Sorcha grinned up at her man. “You were out there shaking your ass to every song Nights Embrace played.”
A smirk twisted Roxy’s lips. “Hey, I’m Roxy. I take it you keep him in line?” She nodded up at the giant wall of man. Joey’s default expression seemed to be a wicked grin.
“Yeah, and that’s a full time job.” Sorcha answered with a laugh. Her eyes cut up to her man with a salacious smirk. “At least he’s good for a few things.” She gave Roxy a wink.
Roxy knew she’d get along with this these two. Plus, she had a feeling she would never tire of listening to Trevor and his friends.
Sorcha pulled Joey toward the same door she used moments before. “It was a pleasure meeting you. Perhaps we’ll run into you again? We’ve got to grab a bite to eat.”
Roxy waved and they were gone. She turned to Trevor. “I like your friends.”
“And me?” he practically purred.
She wound up lost in his green eyes. “And you.”
He closed the distance. His hand came up to caress her face. “What do you want to do now?” he whispered.
Her eyes landed on his mouth. All she could imagine was his taste. “Kiss me,” she breathed.
He didn’t hesitate. His lips descended, gently grazing over hers, sending a burning shiver down her spine.
His free hand curled around her waist, drawing her body firmly against his. Her mouth parted and his tongue delved in, sweeping passion through her like a wildfire.
The world fell away, leaving only Trevor and the heat of his desire. Her fingers threaded into his thick, silky hair. He took his time, his kiss was slow and deep.
Warm, almost burning fingers trailed across her lower back where her sweater had ridden up. She moaned into his mouth as he pulled her even tighter against him. Hard muscle met soft curves in sensual melding.
She was lost to him and never wanted to be found.
“What the hell are you doing?” Jordan screeched, shattering the spell.
Roxy came crashing back to reality as she twisted away from Trevor, to stare at Jordan in shock and anger.
“You pass on me for him?” Jordan shifted his venomous glare to Trevor, raking over him in disgust. “God, Rox. You love me, or don’t you remember?”
She laughed bitterly. “I haven’t loved you in a long time, Jordan. You killed that love when you took me for granted. So fuck you. I don’t owe you an explanation.”
Turning on her heel, she started for the door, ready to run and hide. She needed to wrap her head around the twisting emotions churning through her.
Someone wrapped their hand around her wrist and spun her around. Opening her hand, she slapped Jordan hard across the face as she met his glacial stare.
“Don’t you dare walk away from me,” Jordan seethed.
Roxy tore her arm away and took a step back. “Watch me.” Without waiting for either man to make another argument, she pushed through the door and ran down the stairs, crossed the street, and ducked into an alley.
Both Trevor and Jordan screamed her name, but she was done. She didn’t want to play. Jordan was the reason she was alone, and preferred it that way.
Why can’t anything go right? Just once? Why does Jordan always have to fuck it all up?
Wrapping her arms around herself, she leaned heavily against the wall behind a dumpster and tried to fight back her tears. Neither man deserved any real emotion. She didn’t know Trevor, and nothing good could come of letting him in. And Jordan had burned her too many times.
Trevor came around the corner before she could hide. The concern on his face tore her apart. She wanted to run, but she wanted to stay, curl into his embrace and let him take it all away.
“Roxana,” he said tenderly as he closed the distance. “Are you okay?” He swept her hair from her face, hooking it behind her ear before his fingers softly trailed down her cheek.
His warmth chased away the chill Jordan left behind. Trevor moved closer, staring deep into her eyes. She wanted to turn away, but she couldn’t. There was so much emotion on his face.
Roxy shook her head, trying to pull her defenses around her while putting on a strong offense. “No. Of course I’m not. Look, you don’t have to stay. I don’t blame you if you don’t want to put up with me or the drama. I told you, I’m a mess.” She tore her eyes away and waited for him to take her invitation to leave.
His fingertips were warm against her face as he brought her gaze back to his. “Roxy, I’m not walking away. There’s a connection between us. Tell me you feel it too.”
He was right, but she was terrified. The only other connection she had ever felt unraveled around her regardless of how much she fought to keep Jordan.
Trevor lay his forehead against hers, and whispered, “Tell me I’m not crazy, that you feel this too.”
“I do,” the words tumbled from her mouth.
“Thank god. I’m not walking away because one arsehole can’t let go.”
She didn’t have a clue what to say. Then she heard Jordan on the street.
“Roxana! Rox! Damn it, where are you?” he bellowed, his voice coming closer.
She closed her eyes. Jordan was never going to give up. For years she avoided men, to keep Jordan at bay. Every time a man showed her more than casual interest, he pulled this shit. Only this time was so much worse.
“You should go. I’m not worth the trouble,” she muttered.
Trevor gently took her shoulders, crouching as he took her down with him. He was eye to eye with her. “That’s not true. You’re stuck with me until you order me to leave you alone.”
“You can’t be real. You have to have some flaw,” she whispered.
He nodded. “Oh, Roxy, I have plenty. Believe me when I say it will never be my intention to hurt you. I don’t think I could stand knowing I caused you pain.”
His sincerity chased away the doubt. Something about Trevor made her feel safe even though her instinct whispered predator. As much as she wanted to believe, she wasn’t sure she knew how after Jordan repeatedly trampled her heart.
Unable to resist a second longer, she leaned in to brush her lips over his. His fingers tangled in her hair, gently pulling her head to the side as he kissed down her jaw and throat, to her collarbone.
Her hands landed on his rock solid chest and slowly trailed down his ribbed abdomen to his belt.
He broke the kiss with a ragged sigh. “Not here, and not like this, love. When we take that step, it has to be right.”
Roxy groaned in protest. She leaned heavily against the wall and closed her eyes as he stood. He pulled her to her feet and she let out a frustrated breath.
“Now what?” she asked quietly.
“We’ll go get my car. You can show me around Seattle another day. For now, we’ll go wherever you think he won’t follow.”
Chapter 5


Trevor held the cab’s door for Roxy as she climbed in. He scooted in beside her and gave the driver his address.
She turned to him with a suspicious frown. “That’s across the street from my brother’s place.”
Now there’s a coincidence. “Is it?”
She almost smiled as she turned to stare out the window.
Roxy wouldn’t look at him, though he couldn’t keep his eyes off her. Trevor craved to hear the story of her past from her lips, hoping that would set his beast at ease. Walking away from Jordan after all the things he said was damn near impossible. Both Trevor, and his beast, wanted to tear Jordan to pieces, but Trevor knew that wasn’t the answer. The last thing he wanted to do was put more distance between them, and he had a feeling asking about her ex would do exactly that.
Sooner or later he would have to know the details, but first he wanted her to trust him. For the moment, he let her sort her through her thoughts in silence. He prayed she wasn’t still in love with the arsehole who clearly hurt her every time he opened his mouth.
Trevor took another look at Roxy. His heart squeezed tight. Her walls were thick, but she was breaking apart on the inside. He wanted to fill up that hole and take away her pain, but without the whole story, he was afraid of hurting her. The more he learned, the clearer the picture became. Her past left scars that had yet to heal.
So damned fast. She’s going to think I’m crazy if I tell her I’m falling already.
The taxi pulled up to the curb outside his apartment. Roxy climbed out first. She stared down at the ground while she waited.
“Hey, Rox,” a deep voice called.
Trevor slipped the taxi driver a twenty. “Keep the rest.” He stepped onto the curb to find her guitar player rushing over.
Roxy sighed. “Hi, Mikey.”
Mikey? He was a little taller than Trevor and built more like Joey who was solid muscle on muscle. His brown hair was buzzed short and his sparkling eyes looked a lot like Roxy’s.
Mikey caught up and eyed Trevor. His brow arched. “That explains it all.” Curiosity danced in his narrowed eyes as they shifted to Roxy. His whole expression softened.
Trevor offered his hand. Mike took it, squeezing tight. Trevor smiled back, returning a firm, but not crushing, grip. “Hi. I’m Trevor.”
“Mike,” he took his hand back. A smile lifted his lips, and though he hid it, Trevor could sense her brother’s excitement and caution. “From Lunar Storm?” He gave Roxy a long look.
Roxy sighed. “Yes, from Lunar Storm. Trevor, this is my big brother.”
Mike turned back to Trevor. “You guys were great. Sorry we didn’t get to see more of the show.”
Trevor shrugged. “No worries.”
Roxy informed him, “We’re taking off.” She sounded worn out. Again, Trevor wanted to ask, but held his tongue.
Concern clouded Mike’s eyes as he gently tipped Roxy’s face up to read her expression. “What’s the matter? Was Jordan being his usual dickish-self?”
She crossed her arms under her chest. “Yeah. Worse than usual. Look, I don’t have the energy to deal with him.”
“He sent a text a little while ago. He’s pissed that you ditched him.”
Roxy’s eyes narrowed and she threw her hands up. “How many times has he blown me off? How many days did I sit around waiting for him to show after he promised?”
“Too many to count,” Mike agreed.
“Exactly. So why the fuck should I care if he’s pissed the first time I do it? Especially with that shit he said last night.” Her stomach soured thinking about it.
“You’re right. I don’t blame you.” Mike scrubbed a hand over his face. “I know we should cut him loose, but he’s like family.”
“For you. For me, he’s a major pain in the ass,” she griped. “Look, I’m done playing games with him. He can deal with me bailing, or he can walk. If not, I will. I’m not putting up with his shit anymore. I mean it. I’m sick to death of it.”
“I’ll talk to Jordan. We aren’t a band without you but I truly hate the idea of giving up on my oldest friend.”
“Yeah, well at least you still have your oldest friend. I lost mine a long time ago.” She closed her eyes. “You have a good day. I’m going to try to salvage mine.”
Mike gently took her shoulder. “Can I ask what happened?”
“No,” Roxy answered firmly.
Trevor looked at Roxy, then back at Mike. He decided to take a risk. “I’m not really sure what Jordan was trying to do, other than to piss your sister off, but if he says one more hurtful thing to her, I will hurt him.”
Mike grinned at Roxy. “I like him already.” He turned a steely stare to Trevor. “That doesn’t mean you get a free pass. If you fuck up with Rox, know that I will beat the shit out of you, whether or not I like you.”
Hell, if I fuck up, I’ll fall at your feet and let you. Hurting Roxy was the last thing Trevor ever wanted to do. “I would much rather see Roxy smile than do anything to hurt her.”
One corner of Mike’s mouth tipped up. “Okay then, I’ll trust you. For now.”

* * * *

Trevor helped Roxy into the brand new black Land Cruiser, though she didn’t need it. She sat back in the leather seats.
He climbed in and started the engine while she gave him directions to her favorite Italian restaurant on Alki Beach.
“Hey, Roxy?”
She looked over at him with a smile. “Yeah?”
“You sure Jordan won’t find us out here?”
“Oh, I promise you, he hates the beach. He hates the waterfront too.”
Trevor half laughed. “Why does he hate the water?”
Roxy shrugged. “He swears he has bad memories, but he never really explained.”
“Hmm.” He stared out the window, a curious expression on his gorgeous face.
“Ooh, there’s parking on the street. Right there.” She pointed and Trevor skillfully parallel parked.
He ran his knuckles down her cheek. “Stay, please.” He hopped out before she could respond and jogged around the vehicle to open her door with a grin.
Before she could step down, his arm wrapped around her waist and brought her close, sliding her body down his. Every nerve-ending came alive, tingling with desire stronger than any she had ever felt.
She could feel the heat in her cheeks. “Thank you.”
“My pleasure. Come on.” His arm wound around her waist, pulling her close. She leaned into him, soaking in his warmth as they walked to the door. He swung it open, insisting she go first.
“How did I manage to find the last gentleman?” she teased. The little voice in the back of her mind chimed in with, What if this is all a game?
He dipped his head. “My mother raised me right?”
The hostess looked Trevor over with an appreciative smile, but he never noticed because his eyes were locked on Roxy, even when she invited, “Right this way.”
Roxy and Trevor were seated at the window. He pulled the seat out for Roxy, before sitting beside her.
She didn’t even register what the hostess said as Trevor’s attention zeroed in on her. Her heart thumped in her chest at the intensity in his green eyes.
“What are you thinking?” he whispered flirtatiously.
Her mouth went dry and she laughed nervously. “I’m wondering if you have wife or girlfriend somewhere. Like back in Ireland or something.”
A twinge of sadness passed through his features but he shook his head. “Neither. I’m all yours.”
She half-laughed. “I have a hard time believing there isn’t some major deal-breaking flaw lurking somewhere. With your mouthwatering good looks, your heated kisses, the tender way you touch me, and how you know exactly what to say, there has to be something seriously wrong with you. If not another woman, then what?”
He took her hand in both of his. “I wish I was perfect, Roxy, but I’m not.” Once again, his sincerity pushed through the wall of doubts. “I don’t believe any of my flaws will hurt you, and I promise to tell you everything, soon. For now, I want to see that beautiful smile of yours. I’d like the pain in my past to stay there for a little longer.”
Considering he wasn’t pushing for answers about Jordan, it was only fair to give him time. They could get into the deeper conversations later.
She gave him a warm smile. “All right.”

* * * *

“Where the fuck is she?” Jordan raged at Mike. “Why did she run off with that fucking English cocksucker?”
Mike pushed him back, and Jordan fell onto the couch. Through clenched teeth, Mike explained, “He’s Irish, and Roxy is not yours, dumbfuck. Remember, you’re the one who screwed up? She left your stupid ass. She’s better than you. So don’t give me that shit.”
“I need her. I’ve always needed her.” A tear trailed down his cheek and he wiped it away. “I love her.”
“If you loved her, you wouldn’t have fucked half of Seattle while you were with her,” Doug contributed from the kitchen.
“It only happened a few times. I didn’t mean for it to happen at all, but it did. I can’t take it back.”
“A few times?” Mike turned his head with a dark look. “It wasn’t a few times, Jordan. Even once would have been bad enough, but you did it every night for months. You can’t blame Roxy for dumping your ass. She gave you plenty of chances and you blew every single fucking one.”
“I tried, but I couldn’t stop.”
“Move on. Lord knows you’re fucking enough women you don’t need her. You need to let her go, because she will leave the band if you don’t stop hounding her.”
His heart was breaking. Deep down he knew everything Mike said was true. He didn’t know how to stop though.
Roxy had given him everything, and it wasn’t enough. Somewhere along the way, he became dependent on sexual release. He turned to other women. Then he drank to kill the pain because he hated himself for cheating. When she left, he turned to heavier shit.
Thanks to Roxy talking some sense into him, he was off the drugs, but he couldn’t stop the sex or drinking. He needed both to stay sane. The alcohol helped to dull the edge, while the sex simply helped him function. Without the release, he was a jittery fucked up mess and he hated himself worse.
“Don’t even start,” Mike warned. “She’s done, and I’m nearly finished myself. Don’t make me choose my sister over you, because I will.”
“Me too,” warned Doug. “She deserves to be happy, and you proved, time after time, that you are only capable of making her miserable.”
Jordan pulled at his hair as he sank further into the couch, wishing they weren’t completely right.

* * * *

“I see you two are having a good day.” Skylar squealed, startling Roxy.
“Hey, didn’t see you there.” Roxy gave Skylar a sheepish smile, and pushed her empty plate away. “What are you doing here?”
Skylar shoved her hands in her pocket and shrugged. “Meeting Tyler for lunch.”
Trevor made a gesture toward the chairs across from Roxy and him.
Sinking into the indicated seat, Skylar said, “You two look nice and cozy. Explains why Jordan’s having a shit fit.”
“Let’s not go there,” Roxy pleaded.
“All right. You can tell me later.”
Roxy narrowed her eyes. “Why did you choose this restaurant?”
“It’s down the street from Tyler’s apartment, and we both love it here. And, I figured you might be hiding out from Jackass Jordan. I wanted to make sure you were all right.”
“I’m good.” Roxy’s gaze slid to Trevor and smile crept onto her lips. “Trevor has kept me distracted.”
“Good. Want to come to the movie with us?” Skylar asked.
“No. With my luck, Jordan would show up to ruin the fun. Maybe another time, or maybe I’ll have you two over for something soon.”
“Sounds good,” Tyler said, joining the discussion as he stepped up to the table. “Hi, I’m Tyler.” He held his hand out to Trevor.
Trevor took his hand with a smile.
Roxy beamed up at Tyler. “This is Trevor from Lunar Storm. They are my new favorite band, and I truly mean that.” Her eyes rounded. “That probably sounds creepy and stalkerish, but they really are great.”
“They were,” Skylar added.
Trevor turned to Roxy, a wicked glint in his jade green eyes. “Nights Embrace is a hundred times better.”
She snorted. “No, we really weren’t.”
Skylar giggled. “You two have a good day, but for god’s sake don’t behave.” She hopped up and left the table with Tyler.
The waitress walked up and Roxy handed her credit card over before Trevor could argue.
“I was going to get that,” he told her before leaning in to taste her mouth briefly.
She nearly melted on the spot. “But I wanted to.” She nipped his bottom lip, and somewhere in the back of her head she thought, too fast. The rest of her was screaming at that voice to Shut the hell up.
Trevor stood and waved to Skylar and Tyler. Roxy did too.
Skylar narrowed her eyes. “Oh, Roxy,” she sing-songed from her table in the back. “Before I forget, turn your damned phone on. I would have warned you about Jackass if I could have gotten through.”
She sighed. “Fine, fine. Catch you in the morning.” Roxy turned and hurried out of the restaurant.
Trevor purred against her ear, “Would you like to walk?”
She shivered. “I’d love to.”
He pulled her close and they crossed the street to the beach. “Your phone,” he gently reminded her.
With a sigh, she pulled it out and turned it on. It went right back in her pocket without a second glance.
“Are you one of those women who won’t check her messages?”
“On Sundays, when I’m not expecting calls, and I’m with the only person I want to spend time with? No.”
He gave her a surprised smile. “I’m the only one you want to spend time with?”
“Yeah.” She lifted a shoulder in a shrug, a slight smile curving her lips. “You’ve brightened my outlook on a day that started awfully dark and dreary.”
He pulled her to a stop and tipped her face up with a gentle nudge. “I’ll gladly brighten any day if it’s within my power.”
Leaning in, he brushed his lips over her jaw before traveling to her mouth. She opened to him, pulling him closer as her fingers dug into his back. His arms wound around her.
Then her damned phone rang, startling the hell out of her. He only pulled her closer, nipping at her ear. “Better get that,” he playfully told her.
She pulled the phone out and before she could get it to her ear, she heard Skylar’s squeal of delight. “Better get a room Nights!”
Roxy groaned. “Yeah, thanks. Talk to you later.” She slipped her phone back in her pocket.
Trevor glanced away with a smile. “Sorry. I can’t seem to keep my hands to myself.”
“Don’t apologize. We might need to do something besides make out in public though.”
He took her hand, pulling her toward the water. “Then let’s explore Alki.”
Roxy melted further. He clearly wanted her as badly as she wanted him, but he wasn’t rushing. She loved that he was taking his time to get to know her. He made her feel treasured in a way she never imagined.
Chapter 6


Trevor felt Roxy shiver against him. “Hey, I have an idea,” he offered. He was supposed to be meeting the rest of his clan soon.
Her brow rose as she looked up at him.
His phone rang and he raised it to his ear, hitting talk. Before he could say a single word, Joey started in with, “You still with her?”
“Yes,” Trevor answered simply, pulling Roxy a little closer to rub his hand up and down her arm. The chilled wind didn’t bother him, but he felt the need to keep her warm.
Her lips twitched up in a smirk as she turned away and walked toward the water.
Joey chuckled. “You get her under you, or maybe against a wall, or even better, bent over the railing up at Pike Place yet?”
Trevor growled in response.
“You know Sorcha. She had to know what was going on with you two. We saw the way you two were kissing. You both wanted it until that asswipe showed up. Does he need to disappear?”
It was tempting to say yes, or better yet, make it happen himself. He bit back his murderous responses and uttered one word. “No.”
“Hmm… okay,” Joey dragged the words out. “So, are you two up for some pool?”
“Pool?” Trevor called to Roxy.
She turned back to him, her eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “Where?”
“The Garage,” Joey answered.
Trevor relayed, “The Garage.”
She shook her head. “Make it Shenanigans, and I’m in.”
Joey grunted. “Let me guess. That assmunch is likely to show up?”
“Yup.”
“Yeah, I’ll tell everyone.” Joey hung up the phone. Trevor was grateful Joey was having one of his rare insightful moments.
“Was that your plan?” she asked cautiously.
He shrugged. “We like to play. We were going to try the Garage since it’s closer. If you can tell me how to get to Shenanigans, the rest of the gang should be there soon.”
Guilt passed through her features. “You could go without me. I should probably get some work done.”
His smile fell clean off his face. “Do you want to go home?”
Chewing her lip, she glanced away. “No. I don’t expect you to change your plans for me though.”
“No one minds. I promise.”
After his reaction last night, his clan knew he had finally found his mate. Joey urged him to claim her, while Shane tried to help him find a way to explain everything to her before that point. He wasn’t sure he could wait to take that step. With every breath of her sweet scent, every touch of her silky skin, and every stolen kiss, waiting became harder.
His beast wanted to claim her, and wouldn’t be satisfied until he buried himself deep inside Roxy, making her forget every other man in the entire world.
She giggled. “All right then.” She looked up at the clouds that had rolled back in. There was a light mist. “I’ll race you,” she told him before starting up the beach at a run.
Every instinct called for him to chase her, to pounce and take her right there on the cool, wet sand.
He growled low in his throat and forced himself to walk to the sidewalk where she stopped and turned around with a devilish grin that made his already hard length throb against his button fly.
Control. Must control myself. She deserves to know.
Managing a smile, he forced his primordial urges back as he closed the distance.

* * * *

The fact that Trevor seemed to know where he was going didn’t bother Roxy. The ruse should have, but a slow smile spread on her lips as she turned toward him.
He glanced over, his jade green eyes locking on hers for a few seconds. His smile was downright wicked. “What is it?” There was a hint of growl to his voice, and it made her insides tighten with desire.
Smiling back, she challenged, “You didn’t need a tour guide, did you?” She watched his eyes sweep back to the road.
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed. “Sorry.” There was a hint of blush on his face. “I wanted an excuse to spend the day with you. I am new to town and figured it was the easiest way to convince you to take a chance on me.”
The honest answer was all she needed. “For the record, you could have simply asked.”
“You would have agreed that easily?” It sounded hopeful.
“I couldn’t have resisted.” She nibbled on her lip as she took his hand. His warmth traveled through her, and she found herself wondering what his deepest darkest secrets were, and when they would come out to bite her.
His SUV slipped into the only empty parking space in front of Shenanigans. His brow arched with a silent request before he slid out of the car and made his way around.
If there weren’t a million butterflies swarming in her stomach from that one smoldering look, she might have climbed out just to see what he would do.
He opened the door before she could give that too much thought. Trevor helped her down and took her hand.
She felt eyes on her, and broke out in goosebumps. Something was off, she could feel it. Her whole body stiffened as she looked around.
A frown marred his face as he looked into her eyes.
“Have I done something wrong?” he asked softly. His accent sent a thrill through her.
She took a long breath and let it out slowly. “No. Just my creep radar pinging off the charts, and no, it’s not you.”
He swept her hair behind her ear before re-taking her hand as they walked to the entrance. One dark brow arched. “Are you thinking too much like you write? Looking for the worst possible twist?” There was a hint of concern in his gorgeous eyes. Then again, he had a point.
Wanting to smack herself, she lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “Maybe, but I swear, you aren’t the one making my skin crawl.”
“Whatever it is, I’m right here with you. I won’t let anything, or anyone, harm you.”
She believed Trevor against all reasoning.
“Hey, Roxy.” Anthony grinned at her. He’d been a bouncer at Shenanigans for years. “Who’s your friend?”
“Trevor. Trevor, this is Anthony.” She beamed.
They shook hands. “Nice to meet you,” Trevor said.
“You too.”
“Do me a favor, please,” Roxy pleaded. “If Jordan shows up, send someone to let me know.”
He snorted. “I doubt he ventures this far. It’s been years since he’s shown up here.”
Roxy half-laughed. “Yeah, well he was stalking me earlier. I wouldn’t put it past him.”
“If he does show, I’ll get word to you. Go enjoy yourself.”
“Thanks, Anthony.” She slipped inside.
Trevor followed, his eyes sparkling with curiosity. “Do you know everyone in Seattle?”
She shrugged. “I know a lot of people, but not everyone. Anthony is an old friend of the family. My mom dated him forever ago.” He was older, in his forties, but still a good guy even if the relationship never became serious.
He stopped before the stairs to the upper level and asked, “Do you mind hanging out with my friends?”
“Not at all. I’m sure it will be fun. Besides, you’ll be there.” Then she closed her eyes, feeling all kinds of ridiculous. “I’m really not this girly.” She slapped a hand over her mouth. “And I really need to shut up.”
Trevor smiled so wide his dimples deepened. “No you don’t. I’m enjoying every second with you. It’s going to be hard for me to part with you when the time comes.”
She blushed, her eyes dropping to the floor. “Ditto.”
“Come on. They’re waiting on us.” He tugged her arm and she followed, feeling giddy.
That is, until they got to the top of the stairs and he waved to the corner. She felt all six pairs of eyes land on her, taking her in. It was tempting to slip away and disappear. They were so focused on her, their welcoming smiles did nothing to alleviate her sudden case of nerves.
“They’ll love you,” he told her with so much confidence that she allowed her feet follow him to the three tables the group had claimed.
Her heart was thumping in her chest. Crowds didn’t bother her. She could handle singing for an audience, even reading poetry to a whole group of people. However, Trevor’s friends seemed to dissect her with blatant curiosity.
Sorcha bounced up to her with a grin. She threw her arm around her shoulders and announced, “This is Roxy. She’s my new best friend.”
Roxy’s brow arched as she grinned back at Sorcha. “Awe, thanks.”
Joey barked a laugh. “Yeah. She likes anyone willing to say what they think. Besides, she thinks you two,” he waved a finger between Trevor and Roxy, “belong together.”
Roxy shrugged. “It’s a little early to go that far, but there is potential.”
Trevor squeezed her before pointing at the redhead who looked like a mellow version of Sorcha, and the man who looked like a smaller, more tatted version of Joey. “This is Siobhan and Shane. They’re inseparable.”
“Hi, nice to meet you both.” Roxy shook each of their hands. They were both warm, like unnaturally warm… exactly like Trevor.
I must be imagining things.
Siobhan smiled. “Nights Embrace was amazing last night. I’m glad Trevor managed to slip up front so we had an excuse to stay and listen.”
“You were,” Shane added. “And I’ve never seen Trevor so captivated by anyone.”
Trevor blushed slightly as he turned to the other two. A woman with dazzling pale blue eyes and straight black hair watched her with a wary smile. Her man seemed younger, something about his face softer.
After clearing his throat, Trevor said, “This is Fiona and Nick. They’re the quietest of the bunch.”
“A pleasure,” Roxy said as Fiona shook her hand. Then Nick took Roxy’s hand without a word.
They were all so damned warm. Am I freezing or something? She shook off the strange question.
Fiona softly remarked, “Give us a little time and we’ll open up.”
“Do you play pool?” Sorcha asked.
“Who doesn’t?” Roxy replied.
“Then get your arse over here and teach me to play this damned game.” She dragged Roxy to her table.
Roxy laughed. “Shall I rack?”
Sorcha nodded enthusiastically, her hands sliding into her pockets as she rocked back on her heels with a crafty smile at Trevor and Joey.
Once the balls were set, Roxy arched a single brow. “Want to break, or shall I?”
Joey and Trevor moved closer, mischief dancing in their eyes. Joey spoke up, “How about girls against guys?”
Trevor tried for an innocent smile, but failed miserably.
Roxy had a feeling they were seriously underestimating her. As long as Sorcha was halfway decent, they had it in the bag.
“Bring it,” she told them
Sorcha laughed out loud. “You aren’t even going to ask them what the stakes are?”
“Stakes? What?” Roxy turned wide-eyes to her. “I thought this was a friendly game between friends.”
Joey shook his head. “Nah. We always play for stakes. Makes it much more interesting.”
Sorcha glared daggers at Joey. “You can’t expect her to go along with that when you didn’t warn her first.”
“Oh, yes we can,” he fired right back.
Her eyes twinkled even as she scolded her man. “You’re an arse. You could’ve let it slide this round.”
Roxy looked to Trevor. “Should I be worried?”
He shook his head. “Nah, we figured we’d go easy on you this first game.”
“Okay, then what are the stakes?”
Joey rolled his eyes. “For this first game, the losers buy the winners a drink. Next game, we’ll make it more interesting.”
Roxy snorted, crossing her arms under her chest. “Cocky, aren’t we?”
Trevor laughed. “Oh, Joey, I think you may have bitten off more than you can chew.” Then Trevor snagged one of her belt loops and drew her close to whisper against her ear, “Should I throw the game?”
Playing up her slight offense, she gasped, shoving him back. “You better not. I can handle myself.”
He pulled her close again, winding his arms around her waist. “Good. I don’t want to hold back.” The seductive growl in his voice almost had her dragging him to the stockroom… which was something she would never have considered in the past.
Feeling braver than usual, she tiptoed up and nipped his earlobe. His hands curved over her ass, pulling her against his rigid length.
“Careful there, Roxy. I’m hanging on by a thread here,” he purred into her ear.
Catching her bottom lip in her teeth she stepped out of his reach to grab a cue. “Game on.” She shot Joey a single arched brow. “Who breaks?”
Joey snickered. “I was going to suggest you break. Seeing how you’re new to the clan and all.”
New to the clan? That made her pause, but only for a few seconds before she bent over the table, lining up her shot. Taking a deep breath, she pulled the cue back and pushed forward. The cue ball shot ahead and hit with a crack, sending the balls moving along the table, downing two solids.
Joey’s mouth fell open. Sorcha gave Roxy a high five.
Roxy gave Trevor a playful look. “Told ya.”

* * * *

Roxy was such a surprise. She already seemed at home with the group, smiling easily and conversing. His enchantress was a pool shark. She easily cleaned the table while Joey stood next to him grumbling the whole time.
“Did you know she could play?” Joey snapped, his arms crossed over his chest as he watched the table with an expression caught between amused and irritated.
He chuckled. “I did not, but I’m glad she can. Serves your arse right.”
“Damn it,” Joey muttered as Roxy sank the eight ball. “Your girl’s trouble.”
“The best kind,” Trevor concurred.
Roxy set her cue aside and sauntered over to Trevor. His hands itched to dive under her clothes and explore her soft skin. Her voice was silken smoke as she closed the distance to lean against the table beside him. “You can buy me a Lemon Drop.”
He fought the urge to lean in to take her mouth again. It wasn’t often he regretted anything, but he did regret not taking her home. Then again, he wasn’t ready to spill all of his secrets yet. He wanted some sign she wouldn’t hate him before he claimed her. He wasn’t sure how to tell her that monsters do exist.
Sorcha slid in beside Roxy. “Ooh, that sounds good. Get me one too.” She made a shooing motion.
Joey narrowed his eyes at his mate and grabbed Trevor’s arm before dragging him off toward the bar. “You going to be able to keep your hands to yourself long enough to tell her?”
“She needs to know what she’s getting into,” Trevor answered automatically.
“No. She really doesn’t. Look at Sorcha and me. She only learned when I had to change her. Just because Shane told Siobhan beforehand, doesn’t mean you have to.”
Trevor sighed and gave Joey a long look. “What if she doesn’t want this life? Isn’t that stealing the choice from her?”
“No. She can still decide. Might make walking away harder, but we’ve both seen it happen. It can be done. Really though, do you know anyone mated who didn’t belong together?”
“That’s not the point,” Trevor grumbled.
“It is. Don’t talk yourself out of something good. This isn’t like those other women in your past. You already feel it. I know you do.”
“I do. Which means I don’t want to fuck this up.”
“You won’t. If I didn’t fuck up with Sorcha, you aren’t going to with Roxy.”
The bartender moved to them, throwing her long dark hair over her shoulder as her gaze devoured Joey. “Lunar Storm, right?”
“That’s us. I’m Joey, this is Trevor. Can we get a few drinks for ourselves and our ladies?”
She ducked her head slightly and muttered, “Should have known.”
The guy sitting at the bar next to Trevor rubbed the back of his neck with a wicked smirk. “Don’t mind Isa. She’s ready to be off the clock so she can go on the prowl.”
Trevor nodded, recognizing the man. He met the Fae years ago, but only in passing. The bartender was something Other as well, but he couldn’t tell what.
Shaking his head, Trevor smiled at her. “Can we get two Lemon Drops and a couple Guinness?”
She shot her friend a dark look before pulling the drinks. “Ignore Toryn. He doesn’t know when to stuff it.”
Trevor managed to restrain his chuckle.
Joey, on the other hand, laughed out loud. “Maybe you two should hookup. You both have that look about you.”
“What look is that?” Toryn asked with a deathly warning written in his azure blue eyes.
“The one that says you’re both ready for a little action,” Joey offered.
“He’s more likely to go for you,” Isa replied, nodding to Trevor.
That was doubtful, but Trevor kept his mouth shut, and Joey, thankfully, managed to keep quiet.

* * * *

Dina stood in the shadows with Boyd. “Now what do we have here?” she whispered as she watched Trevor get cozy with some brunette in jeans, a sweater, and not a bit of makeup. Her shiny hair was straight and unstyled, and yet Trevor couldn’t keep his eyes from her, or his hands.
A growl bubbled free. Dina still held a grudge against the man who was supposed to be hers. His wife, her cousin, before she passed away, had promised that Trevor would fall for her.
Dina could have been Caera’s twin, but she was born in Scotland and was the daughter of a merchant. They wrote each other often, and from the moment Caera met Trevor, Dina had fallen in love too.
Caera had been sick, though Trevor never realized how much so. When she finally managed to carry their ill-fated child to term, it killed her, as Caera anticipated it would.
Dina was supposed to come in and take her cousin’s place, but something went wrong and the baby didn’t make it either. Dina arrived too late, and found Trevor drinking his pain away in a tavern.
She did the only thing she could do, she convinced him to leave with her. He kept calling her a ghrá, the same thing he called his dead wife.
When he realized she was trying to seduce him, he ran from her. He screamed at her, calling her a demon. Rage filled her and she attacked him, giving him strength, vitality, and his beast.
He should have accepted her then, taken her as his mate, but no. Trevor’s people always tried to run, but anytime they two clans met, her pack took greater losses.
Now that she had found her mate, she no longer wanted what was promised. Now her goal was vindictive, to cause Trevor more suffering than she ever felt.
“Calm yourself, love,” Boyd hissed in her ear. “I know you want to tear Trevor apart, but he looks preoccupied. Maybe I should go distract his woman.”
“Maybe you should stuff it up your arse. We need to find out if this is just some fling, or the real thing.” The bitch could be used against him, and she could finally destroy Trevor.
Dina nearly stepped out of the shadows to go to him when he went up to the bar, but she took a closer look at the woman talking with Sorcha. When she looked closely, she realized she was looking at the lead singer from Nights Embrace. She spun to Boyd who wore a look of surprise.
“It’s that hot bitch from last night. Of course Trevor is taken with her.”
Dina slapped Boyd, growling low in her throat. She didn’t want her mate ogling the same woman who so easily captivated the man who shunned her.
She turned back to watch. “It’s real. He should have had that reaction to me ages ago, but look at him now.”
“I know. Reminds me of how I was with you when we met.”
Dina growled low in her throat, tempted to rip Boyd’s throat out right there.
“Cool your jets. I want to toy with her, and I don’t mind you playing with Trevor. So here’s what we’ll do…” Boyd conspired.
Chapter 7


Roxy sank the eight ball one more time, making it three games won. Licking her lips, she looked up and lost herself in Trevor’s jade green gaze.
He closed the distance, practically purring. “Where did you learn to play like that?”
A smirk quirked her lips. “We had a pool table in the attic. I told you not to go easy on me.”
“Oh, I don’t think I could, Roxana.” His fingers trailed down her sides before wrapping around her waist to pull her close. He whispered in her ear, “I’m not only talking about this game either.”
Her pulse raced and her breath caught as his lips grazed down her throat. “What do you want to drink, and we can discuss what you won later?”
“Mmm, then get me another Lemon Drop,” she answered.
“Done.” He backed away, fire burning in his eyes.
She craved him in a way that scared her. Sex wasn’t something she had a lot of positive experience with. She’d been with Jordan countless times but there always seemed to be something missing.
Roxy took a deep breath and tracked Trevor’s movement as he made his way back to the bar. She couldn’t help wondering what was being said up there. She knew the bartender, and the man sitting at the bar who she was talking with.
“You know,” Sorcha said, making Roxy jump, “I’ve never seen Trevor so taken by anyone. He’s all about you.”
Roxy blushed and ducked her head. “Yeah. I might be all about him right now too. That doesn’t mean it will last. Just means this is new and exciting. We’re in that stage where you get to know each other before the flaws come out.”
“Aww, that’s such a pessimistic view. Sometimes the flaws are what make you love them more.”
She glanced over. “Seeing is believing. So far, I haven’t seen an endearing flaw in anyone.” Sweeping her hair behind her ear, she sighed. “You?”
“Oh, Joey has a few. Nothing so bad, but they make things fun.”
“Maybe.” Roxy sighed and leaned against the table, waiting on Trevor.
“Don’t forget to have him show you what he wrote last night when we get back,” Sorcha reminded her. That was what she won from the last game, and she couldn’t wait to lay her eyes on the song but that meant going back to his place. Which was fine, she was already planning to spend a little extra time with Trevor if he was up for it. She couldn’t contain a cocky smile. Oh, he’s certainly UP every time I’m close.
“I’ll be right back,” Sorcha told her and slipped away from the table.
Not a minute passed before arms came around her waist, and warmth seeped into her. She leaned back into him. Something was didn’t feel right. She looked down to find unfamiliar tattoos wrapped around the man’s arms.
She spun, shoving him hard. He stumbled back, a smirk on his cold hard face. Acne scars left him looking rough and not in a sexy way. His eyes were a dull shade of brown, his hair short and buzzed close to the scalp. He leered at her, his eyes taking on a yellow hue as they drank her in.
“Feisty and sexy.” His Scottish brogue bled through. “Who’d have thought these hounds would welcome a shark into their midst?”
A trace of fear flirted along the edges of her anger. “Keep your paws to yourself,” she fired back.
Another arm wound around her, this one feeling like home. Trevor’s voice rumbled beside her, setting her at ease. That might have given her pause any other time, but he gave her a deep comfort she couldn’t explain.
“Roxy might be more than you can handle, Boyd.” Trevor spit the name out like it tasted bad.
“Oh, come now, lass. I won’t bite… much.” Boyd’s eyes practically molested her as he licked his lips.
Roxy’s stomach rolled in revulsion as Trevor pulled her even closer, his hold tightening.
A beautiful dark haired woman with icy green eyes came up behind Boyd, trailing her fingers down his arm. “There you are, Trevor. I’ve been waiting on another round with you.” She was Scottish as well.
Roxy had to wonder if there was some old clan feud or something. She almost laughed at the notion. It wasn’t likely clans still feuded in the modern age.
Trevor’s tone was harsh, “Should have known you wouldn’t be far behind your lapdog, Dina.”
Joey shoved his way between everyone, separating Roxy and Trevor from Dina and Boyd. He growled, “Is there going to be a problem, Dina?”
Sorcha bounced from foot to foot, a look of sheer hatred on her face.
Whatever the hell was going on, Roxy didn’t understand, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to.
Unless, Trevor has been with this two-bit trashsicle.
Dina’s eyes cut through Roxy. “Looks like we aren’t welcome here. We should find our own table.” There was a promised threat in her tone. Boyd took Dina’s arm and led her away.
Trevor whispered, “After this game, we should leave. They’re up to no good.”
“Yeah. We could leave now though,” Roxy replied. She wanted answers, but not in front of everyone.
“No. If we leave now, they win. They play this game every time we meet, and we have to stand our ground.”
“Have you two fucked?” The words tumbled from her tongue before she could rein in the snarl.
His eyes rounded as he shook his head.
“Ooh, pup’s got claws,” Joey teased.
“No. Never. I’ll explain later,” Trevor promised.
“You better.” Because this wasn’t something Roxy was going to let go. She had history with someone who wouldn’t let her go, but her gut told her there was something more sinister at play with those two.

* * * *

Trevor’s nerves were stretched tight, waiting for something to go wrong. Dina and Boyd were bad news, and could very easily scare Roxy away, if not hurt her outright.
Fear wasn’t something he often felt, but a thousand scenarios ran through his mind. If she ran from him, it would kill him. That wasn’t his biggest concern. No, he was worried they would take her from him and hurt her, or worse.
His heart squeezed tight as he looked into her sparkling eyes. “The stakes?”
She shrugged this time, her edge gone. Trevor could almost see the wheels turning in her head after that encounter. He couldn’t blame her. If her writing was any indication of how her mind worked, she had to be coming up with some strange shit. Trevor knew he needed to lay it all out for her, but he couldn’t do it here.
He proposed, “How about whoever wins picks where we eat dinner.”
A slow smile started on her face. “That sounds good. Either way, we both win.”
“Does that mean you want dinner with me?” he purred.
“Oh, I do.”
“You break.”
She did, and sank a solid. Then proceeded to down the eight ball the very next turn. “Oops, you won,” she grinned.
Well, that worked for him. He was nearly out of patience as it was. He waved to the rest of his clan and ushered Roxy toward the stairs.
Dina met them halfway, her arms crossed over her chest. “Oh, you don’t want to stay and play?” she taunted.
His glare was deadly. “No, never did if you recall.”
He brushed past her, pulling Roxy tighter to him as he hurried down the stairs. Roxy sucked in a breath as the rest of his friends surged around them, blocking them from Dina’s view. He knew he could count on them.
She whispered, “I thought we were leaving alone.”
“You are,” Joey grinned at her. “We’re all hungry, and it seemed like a good time to leave, before Dina and Boyd could ruin our good time.”
“Right,” she grumbled, her gaze dropping back to the floor as her hands dug into her pockets.
Joey and everyone hung around the doors as Trevor and Roxy slipped out. She glanced back to see the huddle, and looked over at him with a raised brow. “Why does it seem like they are purposely running interference?”
“They are. Trust me, Roxy. You don’t want to tangle with Dina and Boyd. Trouble is the only thing they bring. I wish to god they hadn’t followed us, but it seems to be a never ending cycle.” It was worse than that, but he didn’t have the words to explain.
“I trust you,” she said softly, but he could scent her doubt.
“For dinner, would you mind coming back to my place? I can cook.”
A smile flirted across her mouth. “Your place? I can handle that. I only live a couple blocks from you. I’ll run home to change real fast.”
“Unless you’re starving, I’ll park, then walk with you.”
“Okay.”

* * * *

Boyd stared after Roxy like a bitch in heat. Of course his version of playing with her would result in bodily harm. He liked to hurt his prey, and that’s exactly what Trevor’s new little toy was.
Dina watched as Trevor’s clan milled around the entrance, blocking Dina and Boyd’s path. By the time they made it out another exit, Trevor would have effectively disappeared.
Shane glared at Boyd first, then Dina. “You do realize we won’t let you touch her. Trevor wants her, and it’s pretty damned obvious she’s feeling the same about him. We aren’t going let you ruin his chance at love.”
“Oh, he doesn’t love her,” Dina spat, wishing she believed it. “He’ll use her, break her, and be done.”
Joey growled, “He’s not the monster you pack of hounds are, no matter what you want to believe. The fact that he still stands with us should say something.”
Boyd leaned forward and glared up into Joey’s face. “Oh, I can’t wait to play with the little bitch. I want to watch her bleed.”
Before the encounter could escalate, Dina wrapped her hand around Boyd’s throat and shoved him to the ground. “You’ll shut your mouth,” she warned.
He glared up at her. She knew he hated she was the stronger of the pair and could control him when he got out of hand, which was often the case.

* * * *

Jordan leaned against the bathroom stall as he stared at the woman across from him. He zipped up his jeans with a scowl. She looked drained, and he wasn’t even close to satisfied. He growled, slamming his hand against the metal stall wall.
Her eyes rounded as she righted her clothes and ran from the bathroom. It didn’t seem to matter how many times he came, he always needed more. Sliding down the wall he reached into his pocket to get to his stash. The cocaine would help for a little while. At least until he could stand to find another round.
Roxy was the only one who dampened his need, and even she wasn’t enough for him in the end. It took her three years to catch him, but he had become reckless when he started drinking.
His desire was more than an addiction. It was a need, a hunger, one that was never sated. He slammed his hand against his head before snorting his blow. His pulse raced as liquid fire shot through his system, dulling the need to fuck.
Help, he desperately needed help to get himself straight, but without Roxy, he was lost. That piece of shit singer was going to sweep her off her feet and take her away before he could fix himself and win her back.
His eyes burned as tears leaked down his face. Silent in his agony, he held his breath as his heart started to stabilize.
Jordan needed Roxy. She was the only one who balanced him, and he wasn’t good enough for her. He needed to figure his shit out so he could be what she needed, but he didn’t know how.
Chapter 8


Trevor parked behind his building, and then escorted Roxy to her condo. The walk took them a couple minutes. She blushed as she unlocked the front door to her building, letting them in.
Roxy glanced over, a blush coloring her cheeks as she started for the stairs. “Hope you don’t mind the stairs, or the mess. I’ve been in writing mode for a few days now.”
“I don’t mind,” he reassured. A part of him wanted to be in her space, to breathe in her essence as he took in what made her comfortable. He hoped to learn something important about her, something to give him a clue as to how she might take the news he wasn’t, at all, what she believed him to be.
She hurried up the stairs, and then opened the door. Sweeping her arm inside, she gave him a sheepish shrug. “My humble abode.”
Trevor eagerly took in the warm, cozy condo. There were shelves upon shelves lined with books. Piles of notebooks lay on several tables. Her place was obviously lived in, slightly disorganized, but not what he would call a mess. Inviting was a more appropriate word.
“I like it.” He grinned.
“Well, come in then,” she said, pushing her fingers through her hair as she slipped past him.
He stepped in behind her to brush a light kiss over the nape of her neck where her hair was shorter.
She shivered under his touch. “You do that, and I’ll forget all about dinner,” she whispered.
There would be plenty of time later. “Go on. I want to feed you.”
A soft laugh escaped her. “I’ll be right back.”
She moved into the bedroom and he walked to her desk by the window. Trevor picked up the top notebook. He opened it, only to be pulled into her passions and desires. The poetry was sensual and raw. He wanted to take her to those heights and further, wipe away the pain and show her pleasure.

* * * *

Roxy hurried out of her clothes and put on a newer pair of jeans, one without holes, and a soft t-shirt she hoped would encourage his hands on her body. It was fast, but she didn’t care. She craved his touch like nothing else.
Taking a deep breath, she pushed all thought aside. She’d let this take its course. So far Trevor hadn’t done anything to incite doubt. She needed to relax and see where they went.
Sweeping her hair behind her ears, she stepped out of her room to find Trevor leaning against her desk, lost in whatever captured his attention in her notebook.
Startled, she gasped, flushing deeply. “Find anything you like in there?” she squeaked, falling way short of the confidence she sought.
His eyes darted to her, desire burning in their depths. “All of it. Your words are raw and powerful. You paint the most vivid images.”
“My notebooks are my worst stuff. Those are completely unedited, just pure thought.”
His smile was wicked, his voice a purr. “A peek into your wants and dreams.”
Her gaze dropped and caught on what was straining behind his fly.
Holy shit, my poetry turned him on. There is nothing hotter than a man who craves my words.
Trevor placed the book on the desk and closed the distance. His warm hands curled around her waist, drawing her close enough to feel his desire as his head bent to whisper in her ear. “If you haven’t noticed, I love what you write.”
Her hands traveled up ribbed abs, over muscled chest, and finally around a corded neck to tangle in his thick soft hair as she boldly took his mouth in a heated kiss. He spun her, pushing her up against the wall.
The fingers of one of his hands trailed along her waist band and under her shirt. The heat of his touch intoxicated her. He gripped her hair lightly, pulling her head back. “Dinner, remember?”
She made a needy whimper. “Are you afraid we won’t make it back?”
“Oh, sweetheart, if I start, I won’t stop, and then I won’t ever let you go.” He looked torn. “First, I want to make sure you know me, all of me.”
Tipping her head to the side, she studied him. Need, desire and vulnerability all rolled into his eyes.
Then his body went rigid, his nostrils flaring as his head tipped toward the door. Rage flashed through his features before all expression evaporated.
She heard the pounding footfalls, and then the sob before the banging began. Her head fell against Trevor’s chest. His arms encircled her, pulling her closer.
“Rox, come on. I need to talk,” Jordan begged.
Trevor’s finger pressed over her mouth. “Will he go away,” he breathed.
She shook her head.
Jordan started spewing the same bullshit he always did. “I love you, Roxy. Please, one more chance. This time I’ll do everything right.”
Done, she was so completely over Jordan and his games. She slipped from Trevor’s arms.
He looked shattered.
“Really?” she whispered harshly. “Do I look like I want to go back to all the misery he caused?” Grabbing his wrist, she dragged him to the window, and climbed out.
He was beside her in an instant, sliding the window closed. His eyes narrowed as they drifted over the rusted fire escape. “Is this safe?” His question was growled in a low, cautious tone.
“I’m not letting Jordan ruin this. So let’s go,” she snapped before quickly making her way down. It wasn’t the first time she’d done this, and it likely wouldn’t be the last.
Her feet hit the ground and she started for the street. Trevor caught up. “No more tears?” he asked softly.
“This is the same bullshit he always pulls. He doesn’t change. I know he won’t. Jordan has issues, lots of them, and he won’t change.”
“This afternoon—” he started.
She cut him off. “This afternoon he insulted me. Look, I’m done with his shit. So can we just enjoy the evening? Or maybe I should go find something else to do. Either way, I’m not wasting my time discussing a damned thing with Jordan.”
“Okay, then if you’re sure, we’ll go to my place.”
“Let’s hurry. He’ll figure out I’ve left sooner or later.”
His brow arched but he started for home, and she hurried to keep up. They made it up the stairs and before they could get to the door, her phone rang. With a weary sigh, she looked and saw Mikey’s name.
“Did that shithead come by?” Mike snarled, she knew he meant Jordan.
“Yeah, look, I left. Slipped out the fire escape. I didn’t want to listen to his whining.”
“Christ, Roxana, the fire escape? I swear you have a deathwish. Be careful.”
“Yeah, okay,” she dismissed his concern. “I can’t take another ounce of his shit. He ruined the mood, again. So deal with him. You promised you would.”
“Damn it, I’m sorry, Rox. He gave us the slip. He went to the bathroom, and then disappeared.”
“Well, he’s sloppy drunk. Worse than normal. Do something for him, please.” A part of her would always care for Jordan, but not how he wanted. She couldn’t love him after all of his mistakes, but she missed the friend he’d been before sex messed everything up.
“I’ll come get him. I’ll call you when it’s safe to go home.”
“Actually, I may not be going home tonight. You can call in the morning,” she smirked, expecting a strong reaction to that bit of information.
“What the fuck, Rox? You never move that fast. What the hell are you thinking?”
That Trevor might be everything I need, and why should I waste more time.
She let out a sigh. “I didn’t say I would sleep with him tonight, just that I might not go home. Get your head out of the gutter.” She hoped that convinced Mike, but not Trevor.
“Okay, okay. You’re my little sister. You know I worry. I love you.”
“You too. Sorry you have to babysit tonight. Good luck.” She hung up before he could say anything.
Trevor gave her a smile as he opened the door. “He’s your brother. He’s supposed to look out for you. Give him a break.”
She nodded, and her phone dinged with a message. Condoms, condoms, for fuck’s sake, don’t forget the condoms!
Heat flamed through her face, and before she could slide her phone into her pocket, Trevor caught her hand to look at the screen.
He chuckled. “He wants you safe. Can you blame him?”
Closing her eyes she took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“If you want to give him a heart attack, you can tell him I have a fresh box.”
Her eyes flipped open as her jaw dropped. Does he have women over often?
His expression softened, a slight smile on his lips. “I bought them last night, hoping I’d run into you again. I knew then that I wanted to get to know you, and I would much rather be prepared.”
“Oh,” she whispered.
“Come on, let me feed you.”
She nodded dumbly, imagining something far different than Trevor intended, which probably deepened the shade of red on her face.
Roxy thought she heard a low seductive growl as he pushed open the door and motioned her inside.
She stepped in and froze. Leather couches, expensive furniture, a huge flat screen TV. The place was immaculate, and she suddenly felt very out of place.
How the hell did a guy in a local band afford all this shit? And my place? Oh man, he must feel like he’s scraping the barrel.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?”
She managed to compose her face. “You must think I’m low class.”
His head cocked to the side. “What the hell gave you that impression?”
Her hand swept around the room. “I don’t have anything like this.”
He caressed her cheek, pulling her attention to him. “The stuff is unimportant. I couldn’t care less. These are things. If I were left to my own devices, I would still be mostly packed, books laying around, and not a single decoration.”
“Is there a woman?” she whispered, ready to walk away if there was. She wasn’t about to start messing around with a man who was involved with someone else.
“Siobhan is an interior decorator. You saw she’s quite attached to Shane.”
And now she felt stupid. “I can live with that.” She shoved her hands in her pockets, her mind still churning out crazy notions. “Where did you get the money for all this? You must have one hell of a day job.”
He chuckled. “Presently, no job. These things are thanks to a large inheritance. Sooner or later, I’ll need to fill my days. For now, I haven’t decided what I want to do.”
“Oh.”
He squeezed her hands as one corner of his mouth lifted. “Relax, Roxy. I really do love your place. I didn’t bring you here to make you uncomfortable. I just don’t want our time together to be over.”
“Okay. I’ll chill. What are you making?” She was proud of the strength in her voice, after sounding so defeated over such trivial shit.
“Steak. Do you have a preference?”
“Charred, no pink or I’ll be sick.”
His brow arched, looking slightly appalled. “That ruins the flavor.”
“I can’t eat it any other way.” She lifted one shoulder in a shrug.
His laugh was light as he dipped his head in a slight bow. “If you insist.” He moved to the kitchen and she followed.
She leaned against the counter to watch. It took hardly any time for the smell of amazing food to fill the room. Her stomach growled as he put her steak in a pan, the herbs crackling to life.
He had asparagus in one pan, baby red potatoes in the oven, and everything for a salad sitting out.
Totally in awe, she asked, “Where did you learn to cook? It smells amazing.” She could manage simple meals, but her mother wasn’t much of a cook, so she never learned.
He grinned over his shoulder as he pulled a knife from a rack. “My parents enjoyed cooking in their own restaurant. I learned from the best.”
“You going to be able to handle a woman who isn’t much of a cook?”
His eyes caressed over her, his smile turning wicked. “Oh, I can handle you. I like to cook anyway.” He turned back to start chopping vegetables for the salad.
She wondered how many more points he could rack up, and giggled.
He turned around. “What?”
“Nothing,” she answered.
Trevor closed the distance, putting his hands on the counter on either side of her hips as he leaned close, but not quite enough to touch her. “That’s not fair. What’s so funny, Roxy?” That growling purr was back and she had to squeeze her thighs together at the ache it incited.
Good thing he’s got condoms, she thought wantonly.
She licked her lips. “It was nothing.”
His cheek brushed against hers, his mouth dancing over her ear. “Really?” he breathed the word.
Threading her fingers into his hair, she pulled him closer. “Really.” She turned to capture his mouth.
He let her, for only a second before taking a step back, and shaking his head. “Nope, not until you tell me.”
Her eyes nearly rolled out of her head. “I’m rethinking it now.”
He grinned. “Tell me, Roxy.”
Resigned, she sighed. “You’re kind of perfect… so far.”
Then he was on her, pressing her against the counter as his mouth closed over hers. He stole her breath away, but it ended as quickly as it had begun. When she opened her eyes, she found him turning the steak.
“That was it?” she complained.
“Don’t want anything to burn. Well, besides your steak.” He looked back and winked.
Her mouth fell open as she stared at him. He turned around and to continue cooking.
Yeah, rethinking the whole perfect thing. The tease.

* * * *

Roxy was so damned adorable, sitting there with a look of indignant shock on her face. If she only knew how hard it was to wrestle back his instinct to claim her, she’d probably give him a medal.
Her phone rang, and she groaned.
He took a slow breath and listened as he mixed the dressing.
She hesitated. “Mikey?”
“Rox, can you come to my place?” Jordan’s voice slurred badly, but he heard something inhuman in it.
Trevor thought back to his brief run-ins with Jordan. He nearly dropped the pepper when he remembered his scent. A hint of sulfur. Not quite human, but not fully demon either.
Shit. Why didn’t I catch that sooner?
And Roxy had a hint of Otherness to her essence. It was in her blood, almost like there was a block, but the magic was familiar.
Pieces fell into place.
Roxy let out a cry of frustration. “No! How many times do I have to tell you no?”
“I need you. Just you,” Jordan whimpered.
She ended the call without another word.
Trevor’s head reeled. There was a good chance Jordan didn’t know what he was, or how to properly feed. That’s why he kept hurting Roxy.
Her phone rang again. “Doug?” she whispered.
“No. Still me. Come on, Rox. Let me talk to you at least. Even if it’s only on the phone.”
“What the fuck do you want?”
Trevor’s heart squeezed tight. Is there a chance she would go back if Jordan got his shit together?
“Where are you?” Jordan pleaded.
Her voice was cold and deadly. “Doesn’t matter. Get to the point. I’m out of patience.”
“Your brother said you might leave the band. Please don’t. I need you around. You’re the only one who calms the storm.”
She laughed, it was a bitter sound. “That’s why you fuck every woman who shows the slightest bit of interest. You know what? I don’t care.”
“Don’t leave. Please. Give me that much.”
“We’ll talk later.”
“Okay. One thing, Rox. That guy you’re with. He’s trouble. He’s not right. He’ll hurt you.”
“You don’t get to judge me or who I’m with. You don’t get a say. If I stay in the band, my relationship status is off limits.”
“Do you have to keep making this harder?”
“Harder? Look, lately you make the band unbearable. So you deal with it, or I walk. Those are the only options. Suck it up, Jordan. I’m not taking your shit anymore. Not for anything.”
Trevor felt a little better, but the what-ifs started running through his head. The biggest one was if Jordan could fulfill his needs and stabilize, would she go back?
“Fine. Promise you’ll come to practice tomorrow. I’ll keep my mouth shut about him.”
“One word, Jordan, and I walk. Remember that.” She hung up the phone.
Trevor turned around to find her slumped against the counter, with a look of fury on her face. Her blue eyes sparked with an anger that wouldn’t be so damned sexy if it were directed at him.
He closed the distance, brushing his fingers across her cheeks and into her hair. Her expression softened as she looked deep into him. “You probably think I’m the stupidest woman alive.” She sighed and tried to look away, but he held her still.
“No. I get it. You two were close once, and you’re having trouble cutting all ties.”
“I don’t know why. He won’t change,” she replied, but he saw her pain.
“I need to ask one thing, Roxy.”
“What?”
“If he could go back to how he was, would you go back to him?”
Her answer came immediately. “No. He killed my love. Before that though, we were friends. I miss that friend. I miss the boy who could make me smile on the worst day. He’s been gone so long, I don’t know why the hope doesn’t die.”
And he understood better than he wanted to. “Then you’re not stupid. You’re optimistic. And you being unwilling to go back is a major relief. I don’t want to let you go now that I’ve found you.”
“You seem to always know just what to say.”
He shook his head, closing his eyes. “I wish that were true. I know words won’t go far with you, so I’ll show you every day that I will never hurt you, Roxy.”
Her lips parted, but nothing came out. He leaned in, brushing a reverent kiss over mouth.
“Don’t say anything. I know it seems fast, and I can’t explain what I feel, but it’s powerful.”
Her head bobbed a little before she tore her eyes away. “Where’s the restroom?”
Stupid. Too much, too fast. She’s clearly not ready to handle the truth.
Trevor took a deep breath and nodded to the hall. “First door on the right.”
He stepped back and she slipped past him. Giving her the space she needed, he turned his attention back to dinner.
Chapter 9


Roxy closed her eyes as she savored the last scrumptious bite of steak. Something she rarely ate because she wasn’t big on red meat. Trevor’s cooking was excellent. Once she finished, she opened her eyes to find him watching her with a seductive smile.
“So very good, Trevor. Color me impressed.”
“I could tell you enjoyed dinner. You, well… I can’t say without sounding like a bastard with only one thing on my mind. I assure you that isn’t the case.”
She licked her lips. “Oh, I promise not to mind.”
His smile spread as his dimples deepened. “Your little moans and whimpers of pleasure were purely erotic. It took everything I had not to sweep aside the dishes and lay you on the table so I could devour you.”
Her eyes widened, her heart raced, and her breath caught. “I wouldn’t have stopped you,” she answered huskily.
“When I take you the first time, I want everything to be right,” he promised.
Shaking her head, she laughed softly. “Yeah, well, you’re pretty much there. I’m still waiting for the other shoe to drop.” She felt like an ass for admitting it.
His smile dimmed a bit, but he nodded. “Go have a seat. I’ll clean up real fast and then we can talk.”
Her chest rose and fell with her deep breaths, but she stood and walked to the living room. Talk? I can think of much better things to do. She didn’t dare look back, but she could feel his eyes on her.
She found herself before a bookshelf and was pleased by his vast variety of books. Yet another point in Trevor’s favor. She was surprised to find two of her books on the shelf, both well-worn.
He did mention that Sorcha gave him the books, so maybe the wear and tear were from her. Not willing to think too much on it, she moved to his window seat where a five subject notebook lay.
The cover had been sketched on, words, pictures, everything. Creativity was always a big turn on for Roxy. She picked it up and flipped through the contents. Over three fourths of the pages were written on—a mixture of songs, poetry, and sketches. 
Roxy sank onto the bench when she got to the last page, remembering what Sorcha said about the song he wrote the night before.

She walks in
Your life changes
Everything you crave
Standing before you…

“I was going to show you that,” Trevor confessed from beside her. “I couldn’t get you out of my head last night.”
She smiled back at him. “It’s too amazing to be about me.”
“No. It doesn’t do you justice. I’m not as gifted with words as you.”
She snorted. “Please. Your writing is incredible.”
“You bring whole worlds to life, Roxy. I bring moments to life. There’s a difference. You’re a thousand times more talented.
“Ah, but a lot of people would argue you do that with your songs.”
“You do both.”
She shrugged. “Either way, Trevor, you’re amazing.”
“Would you sing it with me?” he asked, his gaze blazing.
She nodded.
“What time are you done with rehearsal tomorrow?”
“Depends. If Jordan is an ass, I’ll turn around and walk out. I wasn’t kidding. So anytime between twelve and four.”
His eyes sparkled. “Then how about you meet me back here at 4:15 and I’ll feed you. After that, you can come to my practice and we can see how we sound together.”
“Okay.” She hooked her hair behind her ear and glanced out the window with a sigh. It was tempting to tell him that she could spend the day with him, instead.
The last thing Roxy wanted to do was waste a single moment with Jordan, let alone four hours. She didn’t want to leave the band, but she wasn’t sure how much more she could take. She’d been on the verge of breaking for weeks, long before she ever met Trevor. Roxy desperately wanted to stop stressing over Jordan and all the heartache that came with him.
He gently pulled her gaze to his. “What are you thinking?”
“Nothing worth thinking about,” she blurted.
“What can I do to help?”
She did the only thing she knew would block out all thoughts of Jordan. She grabbed the back of his head and kissed him hard.
It only lasted a moment before he gently pushed her back. “No. Let’s think of something else to do.”
The rejection physically hurt. “What? You didn’t have a problem kissing me earlier.”
He pushed his fingers through his hair and chewed his lip. “Look, I don’t want you to regret anything later. I don’t want you thinking about someone else when we kiss. Even if it’s someone you want to forget. It’s got to be you and me, nothing else, or it isn’t right.”
Her heart fell and all coherent arguments left her. She turned to start for the door with a million questions churning through her head, and a forced bravado on her tongue. “Fine. I’ll go home. I knew the drama was going to be too much.”
He moved in front of her faster than she could react, and she walked straight into him. His hands wrapped around her upper arms, drawing her close enough to feel his hard length straining against his jeans. “No. I don’t want you to go.”
“Damn it, Trevor. That’s not fair. You can’t tell me you won’t touch me if I’m thinking about something else. My head doesn’t stop without a reason. So, let me go and I’ll write until I clear my head.” She tried to pull away but he didn’t let her go. “Trevor,” she pleaded.
At her defeated tone, his eyes slid shut. “Please, don’t go.”
Except, he had a damned good point. She needed to clear her head instead of rushing into things her body wanted. “It’s better if I go. I’ll come back later, once I’ve sorted my shit out.”

* * * *

Trevor couldn’t stand the hurt in her eyes, the strain on her face. He wanted to bare his soul to her, but first he needed to ease the pain he’d caused her. Then he heard the sound of Joey’s beat to shit jeep.
“I’m wrong,” he uttered a second before pushing her back against the door. His mouth descended on hers, his tongue sweeping in to taste her. Her hands slid up his abs and his pecs, to his shoulders. A moan escaped her as his fingers dug into the flesh of her ass. Then her leg wrapped around his thigh, drawing him even closer. His rigid length held tight against the seam of her jeans as he groaned into her mouth.
“Trevor, I swear, you’re the only thing on my mind,” she assured in a hungry whisper.
He lifted her, and both her legs wound around his hips, fitting against him perfectly. He wanted nothing more than to sink into her until their bond surged and solidified. His urge was so intense that his hand slid down the back of her jeans.
Then Joey banged on the damned door and Roxy undulated against him as she gasped. Her eyes snapped open, but they glowed an unearthly, dazzling blue.
The tang of magic flared to life around him, and he heard the rain fall harder as she tried to catch her breath.
“A Chroí,” he whispered against her mouth. “I’m sorry.”
She shook her head.
Joey pounded on the door again. Understanding, then a dark look crossed her face as she snarled, “Fucker.”
Trevor chuckled. “Give me a minute, dumbass.”
He could hear Sorcha laughing. “Little warning,” she called out. “He’s about to break down your door if you don’t open it right this second.”
“Tell me you’ll stay,” Trevor implored urgently.
“You knew they were coming?” she asked, her eyes dropping. “Why didn’t you tell me instead of working me up?”
“I didn’t know if you would stay,” he admitted as he took a step back and set her on her feet before he swung the door open.
Trevor sprang out of the way. Joey fell on his face, like Trevor knew he would.
Roxy barked a laugh and her eyes went back to their dazzling iridescence. Her emotions were still a jumble.
Sorcha’s brow arched as she gave him a pointed look. She must have caught the scent of magic.
Joey picked himself up with a smirk at Roxy.
“Can I talk to you, Trevor?” Roxy asked with a hint of sweetness, but it wasn’t a question.
He took her hand and pulled her into his bedroom, leaving the light off. He hoped to hurry this conversation up. Her scent spiked and his cock throbbed against the rivets of his button fly. He shut the door and tried not to breathe her too deeply.
“What was that?” he could hear the heat in her whispered words. “You say no, then you practically take me against the wall?”
“Shit,” he whispered. She was right. He’d nearly lost it. What happened to taking my time and explaining? “I knew they were coming,” he explained lamely. “I needed to buy some time. I’m sorry. I get started with you and the whole world falls away. I’m so caught up in you that you’re all there is.”
“Yeah, I get that.” She took a slow breath and relaxed. “I’ll stay. You better behave or they might get a show they weren’t expecting.”
He chuckled.
God, I love her.
The realization hit, causing him to pause mid turn. Love made sense, it went with mating, and they were well on their way. Mentally shaking himself, he opened the door.

* * * *

As they emerged from the bedroom, Sorcha started in with, “Please say you’ll stay and play poker with us? Please, please?” She bounced up and down, her hands pressing together in front of her face with wide puppy dog eyes and a full pout.
Roxy gave Trevor a nervous glance before looking back at her. “Okay. Sure.”
“Good!” Sorcha squealed. “Siobhan and Shane are on their way, but they aren’t nearly as much fun as you.”
Roxy’s brow lifted at her enthusiasm. “What do we do while we wait?”
Joey produced shot glasses which he sat out around the square table. “We play quarters.”
“Quarters?” she asked with wide eyes.
Sorcha pulled a bottle of Jameson from a bag. “Yup, quarters. Need to loosen you up for the poker game.”
Oh lord, that’s what I need. Even less inhibitions around Trevor.
“Sit down, kiddo.” Joey pulled a chair out.
Trevor brushed his knuckle down her cheek and looked deep into her eyes. “You don’t have to play if you don’t want to.”
“They won’t be long, will they?” she asked, hoping a little alcohol would make him forget his inane desire to play the gentleman. She wanted him so badly she should have been embarrassed by how aroused she was.
“Shouldn’t be,” Trevor answered.
A sly smile took hold of her lips. “A few shots won’t kill anyone.”
Joey passed out quarters. “You’re up first, Roxy. May as well get the first shot out of the way,” he winked.
She stuck her tongue out and bounced the coin, missing by a millimeter. Before Joey could open his mouth, she grabbed the shot and slung it back. She winced as she set it down.
“God, that burns,” she muttered.
Trevor squeezed her thigh. “You sure you want to play?”
Her eyes lasered in on him. “I won’t miss next round.”
There was clink as Sorcha bounced her quarter off the table and into Roxy’s cleavage.
“Oops,” Sorcha’s blue eyes sparkled as she threw back her shot.
Joey laughed out loud, “You just wanted to take a shot.” Then he missed, but not nearly as badly, giving Roxy a wink.

* * * *

By the time Siobhan and Shane arrived, Roxy had taken a total of three shots and wore a crooked smile Trevor found adorable. Sorcha had six, Joey seven, and Trevor only two.
Shane had a key and they let themselves in. “Quarters?” he asked with a raised brow at Roxy. “You holding your own over there?”
Her head dipped as a smirk formed. “Oh, don’t worry about me. I’ve had way less than Sorcha.”
Joey laughed. “Okay, take your last shot, seeing how it’s poker time.” He threw his back.
Roxy shrugged and took her shot with Sorcha. Trevor went ahead and took his before clearing the table and going to the fridge.
Trevor asked, “Hey, Roxy, what would you like to drink, love?”
The easy way the endearment rolled off his tongue made her cheeks go rosy. “Water, please.”
“You got it.” He filled a glass and passed out a Guinness to everyone else before bringing her cup.
“Thank you,” she whispered as he took the seat beside her.
He squeezed her hand. “You know how to play poker?”
She nodded.
“Please tell me you aren’t going to win every hand,” teased Joey.
Sorcha smacked his arm with her usual sass. “You watch it. My girl will likely kick your arse again.”
Roxy bit her lip and turned to Siobhan, “Just you two?”
She nodded. “Fiona and Nick like to keep to themselves more often than not.”
Trevor added, “They’ll warm up. It takes them a bit longer than the rest of us.”
Shane glanced at Trevor. “So which rules are we playing by?” He shot Joey a stern look. “Make sure you explain it all before you start dealing, lad.”
Trevor snorted. Roxy’s brow rose as she looked between them with slightly narrowed eyes. Her wheels seemed to be turning, and he couldn’t help wondering what she was thinking.

* * * *

Trevor was acting way too cautious about everything. Like he worried his friends were going to spill some horrible secret. What the hell could they be hiding? His place was spotless, everything in its place. There wasn’t any women’s anything lying about. Nothing that screamed druggie. So what was it?
Roxy knew she was being paranoid, so she sat back and downed her water, knowing she didn’t want any more alcohol. She had a good buzz, and she wasn’t interested in being drunk for this game.
She took a breath and turned toward Joey. “Yeah, the rules are?”
He chuckled. “Don’t trust me?”
“Not yet.” Her lips twisted into a smirk.
“Oh, she’s feisty. I like it.” Joey shot Trevor a taunting glance.
“And she’s mine,” Trevor warned with a low growl coloring his words.
A lick of electricity trickled through her body in response to Trevor. She grinned back at him. “Who says you aren’t mine?”
He leaned in, a sensuous smile playing across his mouth. “Aye, that too, love. I have no problem being yours.”
“Mmm,” she agreed, thinking being his wasn’t such a bad notion. She turned back to Joey. “Okay, smartass, what rules are we playing by?”
Joey let out a heavy sigh, and pouted. “Fine, fine, take all the fun away.”
Sorcha grinned devilishly as she explained, “Good old poker with five cards. The person with the lowest hand removes a piece of clothing. Once you’re naked, you pick truth or dare and the winner gets to choose. Everyone agree?”
“Mmhmm.” Roxy nodded, shifting her gaze to Trevor who was watching her like he might pounce. God, she wished he would, but knew he wouldn’t. Much to her disappointment, he had managed to hold himself in check all day. Normally she would think twice about getting naked in front of strangers, but with Trevor’s heated expression, she felt bold.
Joey dealt the cards.
Trevor lost the first round and kicked off his shoes.
Roxy managed not to pout.
Sorcha was next and her shoes followed.
Before long everyone’s shoes were under the table.
Sorcha lost another round and pulled her sweater off. She threw it at Joey, who laughed.
Roxy lost and took her sweater off. The next hand was crummy and she shimmied out of her jeans.
She was the first one down to her underwear and Trevor kept reaching over to trail his fingers down her thigh, causing her to shiver.
“Drink break,” Siobhan announced as she got up to go to the fridge. “Anyone want anything besides beer?” She gave Roxy a raised brow.
Roxy switched gears, deciding a little more alcohol was in order. “Beer is fine,” Roxy answered.
“How many tattoos do you have?” Joey asked as he admired Roxy’s arms.
“Ten,” she shrugged. “They’re slightly addictive.”
Trevor turned her right arm to read the ambigram.
“Creative,” she turned her arm the best she could, “Dreamer.”
He placed a kiss to the ink. “That’s much more fitting.”
She about melted right there.
Sorcha asked from across the table, “And the other?”
“Beautiful Disaster,” Roxy offered, remembering her earlier conversation with Trevor.
Her scarlet brows scrunched. “Hmm. Why ‘Beautiful Disaster’?”
Roxy sighed. “Long story. The short version is I have moments feeling like both.” She took a gulp of her beer.
Trevor ran his fingers over the snout of the dragon wrapped around her thigh, his head resting on her hip. A burning shiver traveled through her whole being. “What’s the story with the dragon?” he whispered.
“Mikey drew it up for me when I turned eighteen. He said he would protect me. It was my first tattoo.”
“Damn, first?” he asked in surprise. The dragon coiled around her thigh three times, covering the shapely length, the tail trailing down her calf. “That had to hurt.”
“Nah, wasn’t too bad,” she grinned.
“Wait. Who’s Mikey?” Joey asked, clearly concerned.
Roxy laughed out loud. “My brother. He’s an artist, and my band’s guitar player.”
“I want to see,” Sorcha demanded. “Stand up, and show me. Now.”
Laughing, she did, and turned. Trevor’s fingertips danced over her skin, trailing along the outline. “That really is gorgeous work.” His breath skated over her thigh.
If he moved his fingers two short inches up, he’d find her panties soaked. She looked back to see his jade eyes darkened, and his nostrils flared before he sat back.
Oh god, can he smell my desire? No, he’s human, just human, and his face wasn’t in my crotch. I’m imagining shit again.
Siobhan leaned into Shane, her voice drawing Roxy’s attention. “Maybe he’ll draw something for me. I want another, but I haven’t figured out what.”
“I can ask him,” Roxy replied.
Shane frowned. “I told you, I would draw you something but you never tell me what you want.”
She gave him a sweet smile before leaning over to give him a quick kiss.
The game started back up, clothes piled up under the table. They all had their crest tattooed on them, and everyone but Siobhan had more.
Shane’s arms were covered in full sleeves. Joey had several pieces as did Sorcha. And Trevor’s entire back was covered by a beautiful wolf in a forest scene. She thought she’d seen that same wolf somewhere, but she couldn’t for the life of her figure out where.
Roxy still felt out of place as the only one among them who didn’t look like she belonged in a fitness magazine. She was in decent shape, but she was softer, with a small waist, and ample curves.
Siobhan was the first one naked. Joey wasn’t far behind her. Then Sorcha.
Roxy finally lost another round and pulled her tank over her head. Desire burned in Trevor’s gaze as he trailed a finger over the music notes flowing down her ribs.
“Beautiful,” he whispered.
Sorcha lost another round and Roxy won.
“Truth.” Sorcha grinned.
“What makes you and Joey work?”
Laughing, she answered, “We both flip each other shit and it never bothers the other. We both have fun no matter what. And he’s great in bed.” She waggled her scarlet brows.
Joey laughed. “You’re my little firecracker, Sorcha.” He dealt another round.
Roxy lost again and tried not to wince as she removed her bra, feeling like she might be too curvy for her present company. Trevor’s desire-filled eyes eased her self-doubt.
Next, Shane was in his birthday suit.
Then Joey, with Trevor winning. Joey shouted, “Dare!”
Trevor laughed. “Ten jumping jacks.”
Roxy couldn’t watch, so she focused her attention on Trevor. He laughed with the rest of them at what she knew must be a comical sight.
Sorcha tempted, “Come on Rox, it’s quite amusing.”
She nodded, not daring to turn. “Oh, I’m sure, but I hardly know him and don’t need to see it flopping around, thanks.”
Another round and Trevor lost. He stood to slide his underwear down his legs.
Roxy tore her gaze away. A thrill of fear and excitement shot through her. The man was hung like nothing she’d ever seen in person. Quite frankly, she wasn’t a hundred percent sure she could accommodate him.
She managed to choke out. “Does that mean I won? I’m the only one with anything on.”
“I didn’t think there were any winners in this game. I say we keep going.” Shane answered with a devilish grin. “That is, unless you’re planning to go somewhere else?”
“I’ve got time,” Roxy retorted, but she was a little nervous now.
Joey dealt again and Trevor lost. Joey won.
Trevor glared at Joey and made his choice, “Dare.”
An evil glint sparked in Joey’s dark eyes. “Show these guys how you kissed Roxy at Pike Place earlier.”
“You saw?” Roxy whispered.
Trevor stood and took her hand, pulling her to her feet. Her eyes rounded as he wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her tight against his hard body.
She nearly swallowed her tongue when she felt his length harden against her before his mouth captured hers. Everything fell away, leaving only the two of them. His overheated skin set her ablaze as though napalm coursed through her veins.
His hand skated down her thigh, hooking under her knee to pull her leg over his hip. He ground against her feminine heat and she moaned deep in her throat as his tongue caressed hers in a sensual dance.
“Ahem,” Shane cleared his throat. “I think we get the point.”
Trevor released her slowly, staring into her eyes. His expression trapped somewhere between primal and tortured, and he couldn’t quite catch his breath.
That was fine, she wanted him as bad as he obviously wanted her. Her chest heaved at the loss of his touch.
He covered himself awkwardly, and she failed to hide an embarrassed giggle as he sat down.
“Sorry,” he whispered before sitting.
Shaking her head, she sank onto her seat. “Don’t be,” she replied with sheepish smile.
The next round was lost by Roxy. She slid her panties off and shoved them under her jeans.
Siobhan lost the next round and bashfully chose Truth.
Shane was the winner. “Have you ever been jealous of Sorcha, and why?”
She answered quickly, “Yes, but only because she has more guts than I do.”
Roxy lost again, Sorcha winning. No matter what she chose, she knew she was about to be embarrassed, not that she could blush any deeper.
Best to get it over with. Roxy took a breath, and answered, “Dare.”
“Ballsy, I like it.” Sorcha practically bounced out of her seat. “I’ll play nice. Sit in Trevor’s lap the rest of the game.”
That was nice? Roxy’s eyes narrowed as she slipped from her seat, and onto Trevor’s knees.
His arm banded around her waist, pulling her back flush against his chest. She froze, afraid to move. His breath was ragged and he sat as still as she did. This is torture.
Before Joey could shuffle, someone’s cell rang. Siobhan dove under the table.
“Hi. What’s up?” Siobhan asked. “Okay, yeah, I’m starved. Let me ask the others.” From where she knelt on the floor, she asked, “Anyone else want to go down to Charlene’s for a late night snack?”
Trevor whispered against her ear. “Please tell me you’ll join us?”
“Mmm, I will.” She wasn’t sure she could leave him yet.
“We’ll be there. Roxy’s practically one of us already.” Siobhan gave her a wink. That seemed odd coming from the quiet one.
Chapter 10


It was midnight by the time they were dressed and made it down to the street. They all walked toward Charlene’s. Trevor felt at ease with Roxy tucked under his arm, her sweet body pressed against his.
“You are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen,” he whispered against her ear.
Her eyes darted to his, and she softly asked, “Seriously? I feel a bit out of place not being as fit as the rest of you.”
“Oh, Roxy, I love every gorgeous curve,” he purred. “I want to lay you out and taste every inch of your body.”
She ran her fingers down his abs. “Maybe we should go back to my place then, or yours.”
He grinned. “Oh, we will. Food first.”
Sorcha stopped walking and waited until Roxy and Trevor caught up. When they did, she asked. “You aren’t too embarrassed yet. Are you, Rox?”
“Hmm?” she asked dreamily. “About what?”
“I’ve never seen anyone blush as much as you. I was sure you would run out of there after that kiss. Then you were even brighter red when I put you in his lap.”
“I was only blushing because I wasn’t sure how long I could keep myself from taking him in that chair.”
Her admission didn’t help his current state of near constant erection but he couldn’t keep from blurting out, “They might have left if you did.”
Her eyes rounded. “I’m not that much of an exhibitionist. I’m not looking for an audience.”
“Neither am I, and I don’t want to share you.” The edge to the playful words excited her. Instead of making her run, she felt safe with him. She grinned back at Trevor. He relaxed.
“I’m curious,” he whispered. “What would you have done if you hadn’t restrained yourself?”
“Anything you would have let me,” she answered honestly.
Sorcha laughed out loud. “You know, Trevor, the more I get to know her, the better I like her. She fits right in with us.”
He nodded, thinking she was right. He didn’t want to let Roxy go, ever.
Sorcha slung an arm over Roxy’s shoulder, nudging Trevor. “You know, Rox, we’re going to get into all sorts of trouble.”
“What kind?” Roxy asked with a raised brow.
“Plenty.”

* * * *

Roxy looked ahead and nearly froze. She saw Mike and Doug outside the entrance of Charlene’s. That could only be bad. Jordan wasn’t with them.
“Hey, Mikey, Doug,” Roxy called out with an enthusiasm she didn’t feel.
“God damn it, Rox. Why do you keep turning off your fucking phone?” Mikey griped.
Forcing a smile she added sugar sweetness to her tone. “Because you two monkeys allowed Jordan take your phones. He was harassing me with the same old shit. I’m at my breaking point, so I turned my phone off before I said something I couldn’t take back.”
Doug let out a heavy sigh, and gave her a sad smile. “Sorry about that, Roxy. We’ve been trying to get in touch with you. He’s starting shit back at the bar.”
Of course Jordan is. Not my problem.
“Well he’s a big boy. He can handle himself.” She smiled, hoping she was right, but changed the subject anyway. “You guys want to meet Lunar Storm?”
Mikey shrugged and quickly looked over each of them without much interest. He’d already met Trevor.
Roxy made introductions anyway. Doug looked a little overwhelmed with his tight smile. Mikey kept glancing back toward the bar. Then she told them, “We’re hungry, so we’re just going to grab a bite to eat, and avoid the drama.”
Mikey scrubbed a hand over his face. “Yeah, that would be the day. Look, he’s drunk off his ass. Try to stay out of sight if possible. It will only start more trouble if he sees you.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll be in the dining area, not the bar. He’ll never know I’m here,” Roxy assured and walked in.
Trevor and his friends followed. Joey talked to the hostess while Trevor pulled her aside.
“You sure you don’t want to go somewhere else?” he asked softly.
“Yeah, I am. I’m not going to let him bother me tonight. I’ve had too much fun to let him ruin the mood.” She wished she was as confident as she sounded.
Sorcha eavesdropped, and asked, “Who are we talking about?”
Roxy flinched when she heard Jordan yell some snide remark from the back. “Hear the asshole back in the bar? That would be the dick my brother was talking about. He’s drunk and making a fool of himself.”
Aaron, their waiter, was well aware of her situation with Jordan. He came over with a concerned frown. “Hey, Rox. I couldn’t help overhearing your friend’s accents. Are you all with the other two from Ireland?”
“We are together,” Trevor answered.
“Right this way.” He led them toward the table and quietly told her, “Jordan’s back there starting shit.”
“Yeah. Not my problem. I’m with friends.”
Aaron gave Trevor an appraising look and nodded. “Good. I was wondering if you were ever going to go out again.”
One corner of Roxy’s mouth lifted in a smile. “Yeah, well it took meeting someone new.”
She slid in next to Fiona who asked, “How did you hold up against the clan?”
Her eyes darted to Trevor who sat down beside her. Roxy’s heart fluttered. When she looked back to Fiona she grinned. “Pretty well. You missed an interesting game.”
Fiona nodded, her eyes sparkling. “Aye, I can imagine. It never was my kind of game though.”
Sorcha chimed in, “We love ‘em but they’re kind of party poopers.” She turned toward Fiona. “Roxy has balls. You should see some of her tattoos. You would love her dragon.”
“A dragon tattoo?” Fiona asked.
Roxy shrugged a single shoulder. “Can’t exactly show you here without possibly being charged with indecent exposure, but he sort of wraps around my leg.”
She laughed. “That kind of tattoo, huh?”
The group broke into several lively conversations. Trevor pulled her against his side, keeping her engaged.

* * * *

Jordan shoved back at the groupie he’d fucked in the bathroom stall down at the Garage. She kept pushing up on him.
Her voice grated his last nerve as she whined in his ear. “Please, please I need more.” She pressed her breasts against him, and he grabbed her shoulders, moving her away.
“No. Not interested. Go now,” he growled. His desire had dried up, but his cock hadn’t caught up to that notion.
“Fine. Asshole.” She swatted at him but nearly fell as she stumbled away.
He threw himself onto the stool and ordered another Devil’s Poison.
The bartender, Jordan couldn’t remember his name, gave him a dirty look, but mixed the drink.
Some hot broad with pale green eyes and dark hair slid into the seat next to him. She had an energy about her that felt wild and chaotic. Not like his usual sexual excursion. His eyes raked over her voluptuous body.
A smile twisted his lips as he leaned closer. “Mmm. Your legs are rocking. What time do they open?”
“For you?” An accent accompanied her harsh words. “Never.”
“Oh, now come on. I can get you off.”
Her nostrils flared. “I smell slut on you. I’m not one of your little tramps.”
“Fucking bitch,” he snarled.
She smashed her beer glass over his head. He felt the sting as a shard cut into his scalp.
Someone spun Jordan’s stool around and yanked him out of his seat by his shirt.
Some asshole greeted him with a dark glare from some asshole. “You bloody arse,” the guy sneered before punching Jordan in the face.

* * * *

A glass shattered from back in the bar. Roxy flinched. Then Jordan started yelling. “That isn’t good,” she muttered.
Someone with a Scottish accent started swearing. Trevor’s whole body went rigid beside her.
Wait, that can’t be right. How many Scottish assholes can there be in Seattle?
“Maybe we should have gone elsewhere,” Joey offered.
There were too many people blocking her from leaving the large round booth, so Roxy ducked underneath and crawled out.
Trevor called her name, and she heard the concerned conversation at the table, but she didn’t look back.
Instead she walked to the front and yelled to Mikey. “Mike, you may want to get to the bar and get Jordan out of here.”
He nodded, and then Roxy ran to the bar in the back of the building.
“Roxy, wait,” she heard Trevor call, and then say, “Damn it, Joey, move your ass!”
Thirty people were crowded around Boyd who sat on top of Jordan, swinging at his chest.
Carter, the bartender yelled, “Break it up, the cops are on the way.” It did nothing to stop Boyd from pounding his fist into Jordan’s side. She heard the crunch.
Roxy slipped through the crowd to get to Carter. “What the hell happened?” she asked.
“New guy’s girlfriend got pissed at the come-on he used on her. She smashed her glass on his head, and then her man started swinging.”
“Figures,” she muttered. “I should let them both get arrested.” That didn’t stop her from squeezing through the tangle of onlookers.
She shouted, “Come boys, at least take it outside. You’re making a scene.”
Dina sidled up beside her. Roxy didn’t see her until her arm came around her shoulder. “Aww, let boys be boys. You can’t stop Boyd once he goes into a rage.”
Roxy didn’t have time for Dina’s shit. She ducked under her arm and moved forward. She got a clearer view of Jordan’s bloody face. He wasn’t moving, and was barely breathing.
Boyd’s fist hammered down on Jordan in a blur too fast to see. She heard another crack. When he pulled back, she caught his arm and yanked hard enough to knock him off-balance.
“That’s enough!” she screamed. “It’s safe to say you won. You don’t need to kill him!”
She took another look. Or had he already? Shit, Jordan looked bad.
Blood ran down his already black and blue face. His ribs looked… dented.
Boyd shot to his feet, towering over her. He snarled, “He a friend of yours?”
Emboldened by anger, her eyes snapped to Boyd’s, and she felt the charge in the air. “Why the fuck do you care?”
“You sure do keep interesting company, little girl.” His eyes drifted down and back up her body as a cruel sneer lifted one side of his lips. “You should keep mine.” Boyd reached out to touch her face.
Roxy flung her hand up, knocking his away with a zap and a flash of blue electricity.
Boyd yelped, honest to god yelped, and jumped back, clutching his wrist where she had made contact. “You’re a fucking witch.”
She laughed out loud. “You mean bitch, right? Look at you, asshole. Beating on someone who’s clearly lost already.”
One of the two policemen to arrive broke through the crowd and pulled Boyd back before he could swing at Roxy.
“That’s enough,” the cop warned. “You already beat the hell out of one person, you don’t need to lay a hand on a lady.”
Boyd tried to pull free, and the policeman pushed him to his knees before yanking his arms back to cuff him.
Kevin put a big hand on her shoulder. She looked up into the second cop’s warm brown eyes. “You okay, Roxy? Did he hurt you?”
“No,” Boyd shouted, “the fucking witch gave me a jolt on purpose.”
Kevin grinned. “She did now, did she? A witch you say? Look boy, she might write a good one, but they are not real.” Something in what he said didn’t sound right, but her head wasn’t clear enough to grasp what he meant.
Confusion and questions spun through her mind. She looked down at Jordan and that all fell away. Her eyes filled with tears. As much as she wanted him to let her go, she didn’t want to see him beat to death for any reason.
“How much did you see, Roxy?” Kevin asked.
“Just the end,” she answered softly. “I stopped him.” She looked up at Kevin. “Is Jordan going to be all right?”
Kevin gave Jordan a long look and nodded. “Should be. He’s going to be in the hospital overnight at the very least, but he’ll recover.”
“I know the asshat probably deserved some of what he got, but not all of that,” she made a pathetic motion at Jordan’s crumpled body.
“Yeah, well Jordan was never the brightest guy,” Kevin answered.
The paramedics pushed their way through the crowd. They began to treat Jordan as Trevor finally made his way to her.
Roxy fell into his arms and barely held back her tears. She was terrified if she showed too much emotion he would take that the wrong way. No matter how much of an asshole Jordan could be, she never wanted to see him broken and bleeding on the floor.
“Hey, love. Don’t hold it in. He was someone to you, this can’t be easy to see,” Trevor murmured as his big hand rubbed up and down her back in soothing strokes.
“I don’t know how to feel, other than sick. Jordan’s an asshole, but look at him,” she whispered.
He nodded. “Yeah, I get that. You scared me pretty bad though. I couldn’t get through the crowd to protect you. I knew Boyd was a second from swinging at you.”
She let her head fall against his chest with a sigh. “Sorry. I couldn’t let Boyd kill Jordan.”
Trevor squeezed her tighter. “I know.”

* * * *

It scared the hell out of Trevor when she ducked under the table to heroically stop Boyd from killing her ex. She was feisty, and wasn’t going to back down when she believed in something.
Roxana Nights was going to be a handful. As much as he respected her desire to fight her own battles, he was afraid for her life. She didn’t know his world, not yet.
Mike found his way over. “God fucking damn it, Rox. Why the hell did you step into the middle of that mess? I swear you’re going to get yourself killed.” He stood there red-faced, chest heaving as he glared at his sister.
Trevor shot him a deadly look. “Hey, calm down, Mike. She’s upset enough. Scold her later if you feel the need, but she probably saved that douchebag’s life.”
Roxy looked up at Mike but didn’t move away from Trevor’s embrace. Her voice was steel. “Mikey, I don’t want to hear it. You were supposed to keep Jordan out of trouble. You obviously didn’t. I stopped it. I’m not making apologies, stupid or not. So shut the hell up.”
Mike’s eyes rounded as he held up his hands. “I’m much more concerned about my little sister than a friend who can’t keep his shit together. So forgive me for freaking out when I see some asshole about ready to kill you.”
“He didn’t,” she shot back and turned, stepping out of Trevor’s arms. Roxy gasped when she found the paramedics moving Jordan onto the stretcher. His shirt was open, his ribs broken to the point that his chest look malformed. His face busted, probably fractured in a couple key places.
Had Boyd laid his hands on her, Trevor would have killed him. No ifs, ands, or buts, he would have murdered him in front of everyone, to hell with the consequences.
He took a deep breath and gave Mike a knowing look. In an attempt to show understanding, he quietly explained, “She was too fast for me to stop her, but yelling at her when she’s this upset will only make things worse. She made a snap decision that stopped Boyd from killing Jordan. It worked out.”
Mike nodded, but he still seethed. “She shouldn’t have. She’s all I have left. I don’t want to lose her.”
Trevor squeezed Mike’s shoulder. “I’ll do my best to protect her. I just found her, and she has my heart.”
His mouth fell open as he looked Trevor in the eye. “Shit, man. I believe you, but you met her when? Yesterday?”
“Sometimes you just know.” Trevor answered.
“Where are you taking him?” Roxy asked the paramedics.
“Swedish, it’s the closest hospital.”
She shoved her hands back in her pockets and turned back to Mike. “I’ll stop by the hospital later to make sure he’s still breathing.” Then, she turned to walk back to the front.
“You don’t need to come out,” Mike called to her. “We’ll stay with him. I’ll call you later to give you an update.”
She waved a dismissive hand over her shoulder.
Trevor shook his head and jogged to catch up to Roxy. He heard Mike’s muttered curse. At least she slid into the booth next to Sorcha. Relieved, he slowed his pace and walked over to sit beside her.
He took her hand, and asked, “Want to talk?”
“Not about that mess,” she sighed. “I’ll have to check on him later, but I don’t plan on staying.”
He nodded in understanding, but honestly, he didn’t like it. It was her ex. Trevor trusted Roxy when she said she no longer wanted Jordan’s love. He didn’t trust Jordan though, or the lengths he would go to get her back. He knew Roxy wouldn’t be swayed, but he was afraid she would be hurt again.
Joey leaned around Sorcha. “Sorry, kid. Sounds like a mess back there. Anything we can do?”
She smiled a little. “Distract me. You all seem good at that.”
Trevor smiled. “Why don’t you tell us where you come up with your ideas for writing those amazing stories?”
Her cheeks colored slightly as she turned back to him, nibbling her lush bottom lip. She shrugged a little. “I guess my imagination takes a trip and I go along for the ride. Writing what I dream up is pretty easy.”
Sorcha jumped in, “Ooh, how did you come up with David?”
Chapter 11


There was a chill to the air when Roxy stepped outside. Trevor was right beside her, drawing her close. His heat seeped into her, effectively chasing away the cool night air.
She looked up at Trevor, wondering why he was being so understanding. No other man would set aside his obvious discomfort at going to the hospital to check on her ex.
Letting out a heavy sigh, she tried once more. “You don’t have to come with me. I know it probably seems stupid that I’m going in the first place.”
“I’ll be honest. I don’t like it, but only because Jordan has hurt you and I have a feeling he’ll do it again. You said you miss the friend he was before you were with him. I get that. I’m not sure he’s worth the sentiment, but for your sake, I hope he is.”
“I don’t get you.” She half-laughed, but it was a sad sound. “You obviously hate Jordan, yet you say all the right things.”
He shook his head. “Would you prefer if I forbid you to go see him?”
“That would only piss me off.”
“Exactly. I don’t have to like it, but I trust you. So, I’ll suck it up and deal with it.”
“Amazing.” She shook her head and looked up at the sky.
“Look, I’m not letting you go by yourself. I won’t go back to his room with you, but I’ll be waiting when you’re done. You’re upset, and rightfully so. If I can help, I want to.”
“Thank you. I really do appreciate it.” She sighed, then pulled him down the street toward the hospital. “May as well get this over with.”
As they walked toward the entrance, she pulled her phone out to call Mikey.
“Hey, Roxy,” he answered immediately. “You here?”
“Yeah, where are you at?” she asked.
“Emergency room. I’ll come out so you can come back. He’s still unconscious and they’re working on him.”
Roxy winced. “Okay. See you in a minute.”
Trevor opened the door but didn’t let her go as they walked in. “I’ll be right here unless you don’t want me to be.”
“I want you here. I don’t think you going back is such a great idea.”
Mikey came through the doors and strode to Roxy. “Sorry, Sis. I shouldn’t have yelled at you.”
She snorted. “Yeah, no harm done, it’s over. How bad is he?”
A grimace distorted his face as he looked away. “Trevor’s right, you probably saved him.” Mike let out a sigh. “They put an awful lot of stitches in his head. They need to run more tests to check his ribs, but they don’t look as bad as they did. Only two visitors can go back.”
“I only plan to check on him. Think you can play nice with Trevor that long?”
Looking contrite, he nodded. “Yeah, but Doug said he’d come out if you want Trevor with you.”
“Ha! That would go over so terribly well.” Sighing, she took a step away from Trevor. “Trevor can stay with you. I’ll be right back.” She walked to the door, emotions churning in a way that threatened to tear her apart.
“He’s back in room six,” Mikey called out.

* * * *

“You know those bastards?” Mike asked.
“Unfortunately. Dina and Boyd are old acquaintances, and I wish to god they would stop following us.” Trevor gripped the back of his neck as he observed Mike. “I’ll do what I can to keep Roxy far from them.”
A small smile appeared on Mike’s lips. “Good. She doesn’t seem to know when to let things go.”
“Well, she was in the right, even if she put herself at risk. I fucking hate it, but trying to stop her is likely to encourage her.” Most of the women in his life had been that way.
“I don’t want to see her hurt.” Mike slumped into an empty seat.
Trevor sat down across from him. “Can I ask you something, Mike?”
“Sure.”
“Why does she put up with Jordan if he keeps hurting her?”
Mike’s eyes closed before he dropped his head into his hands. “There was a time when Jordan was a good guy whose only goal in life was to see her smile. Hell, I used to think he was perfect for her. I didn’t believe he could ever pull half the shit he has. I’ve known him for as long as I can remember, and he’s like my brother. So, it’s probably my fault. I didn’t want to let him slide into the abyss with all the shit he’s been shoveling for years. Even after what he did to her.”
“What did he do? I need to know.”
Mike looked up at him, clearly torn by the question. “She isn’t going back to him. Nothing could make her. She’s stubborn as all hell.”
Trevor nodded. “I’m getting that impression. But, what did he do?”
“Cheated, lied, got messed up with drugs. He changed. He thinks he needs her, but he was smothering her while he was out fucking every girl he could. I don’t get it. She left him years ago, but he was her first everything. First friend even. So yeah, she’s having a hard time shutting him out completely because she knows what he was.”
“He never raised a hand to her? Forced anything on her?” Trevor asked seriously. There were a few things he couldn’t abide by. He had to know if Jordan ever went there.
“No. He’s said and done some pretty fucked up shit, but he’s never pushed when she said no. Do you really think I would let him live if he had?”
Trevor shook his head. “No.” At least he hoped not.

* * * *

This is the last time, Roxy promised herself. She was so tired of cleaning up Jordan’s messes. She couldn’t always be there for him, couldn’t always pick up the pieces.
She stepped into the room and found Doug sitting on the chair next to the door. He didn’t look up when he said, “Hey, Rox.”
“Hi, Doug.”
“He’s in bad shape,” he stood and squeezed her shoulder. “Turns out he was high too.”
“High?” Her stomach bottomed out. “I thought he was done with that shit.” Balling her hands into fists, she shook her head.
“Yeah. We all did. I think he started back up a few nights ago. We didn’t know until they did the drug test.”
“It explains his extra pissy attitude of late.”
“You going to be okay for a few minutes?” Doug asked. “I could use a Mountain Dew.”
“Yeah, go ahead,” she walked to the bed as he left the room.
“Jesus, Jordan,” she whispered as she looked down at Jordan’s bruised and swollen face. Her stomach twisted into knots. Roxy reached down and took his hand. “You really need to watch your temper,” she whispered.
His eyes fluttered open as he turned his head toward her voice. “I knew you couldn’t stay away,” he wheezed. “You’re always bailing me out of trouble.”
“One of these days, I won’t be there, and you’re going to get yourself killed.”
“Of course you will be there, cupcake. You always will.”
“No. I won’t.” She tried to pull away, but he held her tightly.
Tears filled his eyes. “Stay here with me. Please.”
“I only came to make sure you’re okay,” but she didn’t take her hand away.
“I haven’t been okay since you left me. Don’t you know that?”
Her laugh was bitter and she did yank her hand out of his before taking a step back. “I’m not doing this. You said you were going to stop. Can you honestly say you deserve me?”
“I can’t stop. I need you. You’re the only one, Rox. You calm the storm raging inside.”
“And you were cheating on me for months before I found out. I deserve better than that, Jordan. Whatever you think you need, I need better than that, and you can’t give it to me.”
“Pretty boy can’t either. I bet girls crawl all over him, and he takes everything they give. That’s no worse than I do.”
“Fuck you, Jordan. You have no right to judge.” She started to walk away.
“Why are you here then? If it’s not to come back to me.” The pain in his voice made her pause.
“Because I keep holding out hope you’ll remember who you were.”
“Then stay until someone comes back. I hate being in here alone.”
With a sigh, she went back to the bed, but stayed out of reach. “Until Doug gets back, unless you say one wrong word.”
“Can I ask one question without you taking offense?” Jordan stared up at her with his big puppy dog eyes. The swelling, bruising and stitches making him look extra pathetic. She relented.
“Careful what you ask,” she warned, perfectly ready to walk out.
“What do you see in that guy?”
Her eyes narrowed. “Really?”
“I need to understand,” he pleaded.
“Everything I’ve been looking for. Over the last twenty-four hours he has treated me the way I deserve to be treated. I’m the only woman he sees. No one else exists for him. He cares about how I feel. You never did.”
“That hurts, Rox. I always cared,” he said sadly.
“Not enough to change your attitude. Not enough to stop you from fucking every girl you could. Not enough to make you care about what I needed. And you sure as hell don’t care enough about me to let me go.”
“Do you have any idea how hard it is to watch men come on to you? They do it all the fucking time. You don’t even realize it, Rox. Just once I wanted you to be jealous because I was, every time any man came near you, since we were kids. Instead of being jealous that women came onto me, you dumped me.”
“Seriously? It’s my fault that men notice me? I never once gave them a second look while I was with you. You banged every single one of those chicks. So yeah, I walked out.” With that she turned and left. She didn’t stop, even when he cried out in pain, probably trying to stop her. Jordan had burned his last chance.
She passed Doug on the way back to the waiting room. “See ya, Doug.”
“Roxy, wait. Are you okay?” he called.
“Yeah,” she lied without bothering to turn around.
She found Trevor and Mike talking, both wore grim expressions.
“Make sure he doesn’t call me,” she told Mikey without stopping.
Mikey muttered a curse.
Before she made it outside, Trevor was beside her. She was doing everything she could to hold back the tears. Never had she felt so gutted, and it wasn’t because she wanted to fix anything. Not anymore.
“Want to talk about it?” Trevor asked softly.
She stopped and whirled on him. “FUCK!” she screamed, and it felt good to let it out. “I go to check on that bastard, and he blames me for all the times he cheated on me. All because he was jealous of the men who hit on me. I never once considered cheating on him, so how the fuck is that my fault?”
Trevor closed his eyes and took a deep breath. His jaw clenched and his hands fisted. When he opened his eyes there was an unnatural gold tint. “Jordan wasn’t man enough to see his mistakes or to make amends.”
“I don’t want him to make them right. I don’t want an apology. I want him to let me go. I guess that requires me walking away for good.” She turned away. “I won’t blame you if you turn around and leave. I have so much shit to deal with, and you don’t need it.”
“Stop, Roxy. Don’t say that. I’m not going anywhere, and I’m not going to make his mistakes,” he said with such raw emotion that she believed him.
“You sure?” she spit out, feeling the need to destroy whatever they shared before it fell apart like everything else. “Because, I really wish Boyd had hit him hard enough to give him amnesia. I wish Jordan could forget how to be such an asshole.”
Trevor laughed softly. “Remind me not to land on your shit list.”
The tension broke, and she felt foolish. “Sorry. That was a little harsh.”
“No… well, okay… maybe a little. I’m sure he’s earned worse. You don’t strike me as the type that flies off the handle without being pushed.” He shrugged a little, his ruggedly handsome face taking on a softer, adorable side that completely melted her anger.
And there he was, being exactly what she needed.
“Want to walk me home?” she asked, hoping he’d stay.
He nodded. “I do, and if you let me come in, I’ll hold you until it all falls away and you’re back to yourself.”
“You’ll be my teddy bear?” she asked with a raised brow.
His voice took on that purr. “For you? Hell yes. You belong in my arms, and I feel empty when you aren’t there.”
Her heart slammed against her ribs. She managed to start walking, needing to be off the street. “I have some tea if you’d like. I have brownies, too.”
“Sounds divine.”
She let him into the building and led up the stairs. “If you decide not to stay, I’ll understand. I’m likely to be horrible company.”
“You couldn’t be, A Chroí,” he murmured.
A crooked smile lifted one side of her mouth as she unlocked the door. She couldn’t shake the lingering sadness at the loss of her first friend, but she wasn’t screaming and crying. She felt content to be next to Trevor, to soak in the peace he exuded.

* * * *

Trevor could feel her pain, even if a hint of smile graced her lips. Whatever Jordan said cut her deep. It made his decision to wait easier to handle. He’d been ready to lay claim on her back at his place, without telling her any of it.
He wanted to give her the choice. Even if it killed him.
Roxy went to the kitchen and filled a kettle that she set it on the stove. She set a box of chamomile tea on the counter and put a prepackaged tray of brownies in the oven.
She turned back to him with big sad eyes. “Sorry, they aren’t gourmet or anything, but I don’t have the energy to make them fresh. Plus, I’m a sucker for the little girl down the hall. She had a fundraiser, and I can’t ever say no to chocolate.” Her eyes slid away as she lifted a single shoulder in a shrug.
Adorable, sweet, and she deserved so much better than she ever received. She was his Roxy, and in that moment he vowed to spend his life making sure she received everything she desired and more.
He closed the distance and gently took her face in his hands, running his thumbs down her cheeks. “Go change into something comfortable. I’ll be right here. I won’t leave until you ask me to.”
“I won’t ask you to leave,” she whispered, her dazzling eyes delving deep into his.
“Then I’ll be holding you all night, and I can’t think of a better way to spend my time.”
He felt the heat of her blush under his hands. Trevor leaned forward and placed a tender kiss to her forehead. “Go, change, and I’ll get everything ready.”
She nodded once and left him there.
By the time the kettle went off, she came out in soft fluffy sweats, and a tank top without a bra. He desperately tried to keep his eyes on hers. “Go sit. I have the tea covered.”
To his surprise, she didn’t argue. She curled up on the couch, and put the TV on a music station.
Stalling, he took his time filling the mugs. By the time the tea had steeped, the brownies were ready. He pulled the tin from the oven, cut and plated them. Trevor brought everything to the coffee table.
“I have an idea,” Trevor told her. “Why don’t you lay back and put your feet in my lap. I’ll massage them, while you enjoy a brownie and some tea.”
“You’re going to spoil me,” she protested weakly.
“Maybe that’s what you need right now. Some TLC.” He settled in and patted his lap. She laid back and stretched out, giving him her feet.
Trevor caressed her instep. She moaned low as she sank further into the cushions while he worked the tension out of her cute, little feet.
Roxy managed to finish half her tea before she went out like a light. With a sigh, he moved back to the bedroom to make a call.
He paused when he shut the door, closing his eyes and breathing deep. Her scent was everywhere. Trevor looked around. The furniture was simple, the colors warm and inviting, but not exactly matched. Roxy chose things for comfort, not style. Her Kindle lay on her nightstand with a couple more notebooks.
Trevor smiled as he called Joey.
He answered on the first ring. “She okay?”
“Roxy’s sleeping. That bastard is lucky I haven’t snapped his neck for the shit he pulled on her.”
“You haven’t had her yet, have you?”
“No. I want to wait until I can explain.”
Joey laughed out loud. “Dude, you’re never going to make it that long. You can’t resist your mate. No one has that kind of willpower.”
“You’re probably right.” Trevor sighed.
“Well, think about the fact I have yet to meet a mated pair who weren’t perfect for each other.”
“Dina thought we would mate,” he answered harshly.
“That was wishful thinking. You’re nothing like Dina. Don’t beat yourself up if you can’t be a saint. And really, it’s better if you don’t. You’re more likely to hurt her if your beast is that close to the surface, and I know you would never forgive yourself.”
“I’m scared to death she’ll run,” Trevor admitted. “How the hell do I tell her there’s a beast living inside of me?”
“Why are you asking me? Shane’s the one who figured that one out. I waited until I was about to lose Sorcha, and then I didn’t give her a choice. I just changed her.”
Trevor sighed. “You’re easier to talk to. Most of the time.”
“I wish I knew. Though, I think your girl will get over it for you. She’s got brass balls bigger than mine. You could tell her that you were some cum-guzzling demon and she would forgive you.”
Trevor’s eyes widened. “Wait, what did you say?”
“She’ll forgive you anything. She’s falling for you just as sure as Sorcha fell for me. I’m still the luckiest bastard alive.”
“No, dumbshit, about the demon,” Trevor barked.
“Oh, what?” Joey asked, confusion ringing in his tone. “You aren’t a fucking incubus.”
“No, but think about that piece of shit drummer of hers. He smells of sulfur, not strong, but enough to know he’s a demon. She said he couldn’t stop cheating on her. What if he’s an incubus?”
“She left his sorry ass, right? What would it matter if he was? Obviously he wasn’t doing his thing right because women can’t seem to resist those damned demons, yet Roxy doesn’t want anything to do with him.”
Trevor plowed his fingers through his hair. “What if he’s like her in that he doesn’t know what he is? Shit, that actually makes sense. How the hell did I miss it?”
“Hey, I haven’t been around the asshat to know. If he is, he needs someone to show him the ropes. Otherwise, he’s going to drift away, and I have a feeling your girl, as pissed as she is at him, would go to his aid.”
“I know. I hate it. He’s going to hurt her again, I know he will. I get it though. They were friends.” Trevor couldn’t stop the growl in his voice. “She trusted him. She misses the funny, sweet guy he once was.”
“Yeah, but are you cool with that? Can you handle knowing she still considers him a part of her life?”
“I trust her, Joey. She hates what he’s become. It doesn’t sound like she misses them together, only what came before.”
“She fell for him when he was like that though. Don’t you think there is a chance she could fall again?”
“No. I don’t believe so. I think once she loses trust in someone, it’s gone, and doesn’t come back. It’s why I’m freaking the fuck out.”
“Okay, okay, yeah that makes sense.” Joey answered. “Well, you haven’t lied to her. You left a few things out, and when you do get to explaining it to her, I think she’ll understand and cut you a little slack.”
“I fucking hope so. I can’t lose her,” he mumbled. “I need another favor. I hear Leanan is up here. Think you could contact her? Maybe convince her to help Jordan with his predicament.”
Joey groaned. “Yeah. I can. If Sorcha kicks my ass, I’m blaming you.”
“Tell her you’re doing me a favor so I can keep her new best friend.”
Joey laughed. “That might just work.”
“Thank you, man. I’m going to put Roxy to bed. I’ll be here all night. I need to know that she’s okay.”
“Don’t hold off until you find words to explain. That’s never going to happen the way you want, unless you can figure out how to tell her when you both wake up.”
“Have a good night.”
“You know we will. I’m sure you’ll have a great morning.” Joey hung up and Trevor groaned.
Chapter 12


Dina stared out her hotel room window, combing her fingers through her hair for the millionth time. Her stupid fucking mate landed himself in jail, and she had to disappear before they took her too.
Roxana had Trevor’s smell all over her. Dina wanted to shred the bitch in front of Trevor. She wanted her revenge. First, she needed to bail Boyd out.
Her phone rang, and she looked at the display. William, of course, finally getting back to her.
She answered her alpha’s call. “Hello, William. I have bad news.”
“With you, there always is. What is it now?” His tone was dismissive.
“Boyd got himself into a fight. He nearly killed a guy out here. I may need you to do some persuading to get him off.”
“Tell me everything,” he snarled.
Dina relayed everything that happened in the bar.
“Wait. Who was the girl?”
“Roxana Nights,” Dina growled. “There’s something about her. She possesses magic that feels an awful lot like yours, only muted. It seems to be purely defensive. She gave Boyd one hell of a shock.”
“Find out what you can about her and her family. I need to know everything. I want you to keep her away from Trevor, but don’t you dare harm her, either one of you,” William warned.
“Fine,” she growled and hung up the phone.

* * * *

Jordan’s eyes snapped open as orgasm rocked through him. He felt bones mending as he bit back his cry of ecstasy. His heart hammered in his chest and he tried to grasp onto reality.
That dream was so damned real, but it wasn’t. He couldn’t get it out of his head.
Fucking red skinned demon forcing him to eat her out until she finally turned to take him into her mouth. Every time he stopped sucking her clit, she would slap his cock.
“You draw power from my pleasure, asshole. Mine, not yours. Now fucking make me come,” she snarled.
He dove back in, and her heated mouth clamped around him as she swallowed his cock. She bathed him in scalding cum and he finally found his release, jolting him right back into wakefulness.
Bruises were fading, the throbbing gone.
When Jordan could finally focus, Kevin was standing over him with a scowl. “Little old for nocturnal emissions, aren’t you, Jordan?”
“Weirdest fucking dream ever,” he uttered.
Kevin rolled his eyes and flipped his book open. “You have a statement? You want to press charges?”
Jordan thought about it. What was it the demon said? Something about letting the Scottish bastard go.
Wait. Am I really taking the advice of a dreamed up monster? Yup, it felt too damned real.
“No. I’ll avoid the fucker. I was probably in the wrong. I can’t remember.”
Kevin tapped his foot, and shook his head. “You realize your smart mouth nearly got you killed? Roxy too?”
Fuck. That was right. If he let the bastard go, he could go after Roxy. He rubbed his head, and that whiskey smoke voice spoke to him. Let it go. It’s the only way to save Roxy’s life.
Jordan pinched the bridge of his nose. “I’m not pressing charges. I’ll steer clear of both of them.”
“Seriously? You have a ton of stitches, busted ribs, and you want to let him walk?”
“Yeah. That’s what I said,” he confirmed, starting to shake violently. Whatever that demon bitch did, he was headed straight to detox way too fucking fast. “Just go.”
“Fucking asshole,” Kevin muttered as he turned to walk out of the room.
The pain started, the crawling legs, the buzzing sounds. Too much, too fast, and it was all that demon’s fault.

* * * *

Fiona paced through her room. Nick sat at the end of the bed watching her. “What is it, Babes?”
“She’s like me,” she whispered, shaking her head. “Trevor’s mate is like me.”
“Are you sure? There is magic in her scent, but it’s dormant. Like she’s never used it.”
She spun and nodded vigorously. “Exactly. Like it’s there, only a layer below the surface, waiting to break free. She’s never been trained. Probably taught magic didn’t exist. But why?”
“No clue. Maybe we should do some digging.”
“I know a druid who knows everyone. He might know.” She rushed to her phone and found Gabriel Sharpclaw’s number. Fiona didn’t stay in contact with most druids, but she trusted Gabe.
She dialed his number.
Three rings later, she heard a bed shifting.
“Gabe?” she tested.
He let out a big yawn. “Fiona? Is that really you?”
She sighed heavily. “Yes, old friend. I have a predicament. One of my clan has fallen for a young woman, who I believe is a druid, but doesn’t know it yet. Do you have any ideas?”
“Who?” he asked quickly.
“Roxana Nights.”
“Not off the top of my head, but I can find out. I’ll need some time. I’ll call you back once I learn something.”
“Please. Hurry. I have a bad feeling about what’s coming our way, Gabriel. She’s meant to be with Trevor, but something more is going on.”
“I’ll give you answers as soon as I have them.”

* * * *

Dina glared at Boyd who now sat docilely beside her in the old Buick. She drove downtown to their hotel. The location was busy enough they wouldn’t be easy to sniff out.
Pissed didn’t begin to cover her anger at Boyd and his attempt to beat the living hell out of the half-demon snot who hit on her. Dina was perfectly capable of dealing with him without landing herself in jail. But no, Boyd had to step in and fall into a rage.
It would make things so much easier to leave Boyd in jail, but they released him. As much as she hated Boyd, she craved him, needed him. He was a part of her.
She received her alpha’s call that morning. William had plans for Trevor’s little bitch. Then he forbade Dina from killing Roxana. If Dina wasn’t scared shitless of the blood druid, she would have ignored his command.
Most druids could manipulate earth and air magics. He could as well, but his magic was darker, drawing power from blood and pain. His beast added another layer of power with its sadistic spirit.
Dina took a deep breath.
“So, let me get this straight. This little bitch is somehow part of William’s plan?” Boyd asked again. She had already relayed the entire conversation several times.
“Yes, for the love of god, yes. He wouldn’t elaborate. We’re to wait for his instructions.”
“What about that dickweed she stopped me from killing?” he sneered.
She took a deep breath, glaring at the road. “Killing a human in public is not only reckless for yourself but can land me in as much trouble as you. Do you want to be locked up in one of the Council’s cells? Especially this close to the full moon?”
“Shit, no. But he was asking for it. Trying to get up in your skirt,” he growled. “He wasn’t invited.”
Dina shot him a dirty look. “I can handle myself. You could have caused more problems.”
“I didn’t. Stupid fuck didn’t even press charges. So now what?”
“We can hopefully get information from him. William did request a full report about what she does, and how she spends her time.”
“I think that shitbag is a good direction then. Did you happen to catch his name?”
“Jordan Long. I didn’t get much else. I had to disappear before anyone decided to point me out to the cops.”
“How long do you think it will be before she figures out that I’m not still locked up?”
Dina shrugged. “I don’t know, but do you have an idea of how to pump him for information?”
“I may,” he sat back in his seat and pulled out his phone.
Chapter 13


Warm, and wrapped tight in a heavenly embrace, Roxy felt rested for the first time in so long. She breathed in deep, the scent familiar and inviting. Male, forest, and musk.
Fingers trailed up her arm, leaving goosebumps in their wake. Her eyes fluttered open to be met with Trevor’s jade green gaze. “Morning, A Chroí,” he murmured in a sleepy rasp. “Did you sleep well?”
“Mmm,” she purred, “better than ever. You?”
“The same. I could get used to sleeping with you wrapped around me, Roxy.”
Her heart stopped and then slammed against her ribs. Trying to hide the sudden trill of fear and desire, she whispered, “Tell me I didn’t do anything embarrassing in my sleep.”
Light danced in his eyes. “Nope, but you do curl close, like you were made to be in my arms.”
Her smile returned. “Sorry I fell asleep on you.”
“I don’t mind. It was the best night I can remember,” he confided.
With those words, he tore down the rest of her defenses. Whatever his flaws, there were so many positives she didn’t think it mattered.
Roxy leaned in and gave him a quick kiss. “I’m going to take a shower. Consider this your invitation. It’s not like you didn’t see it all last night.”
“Roxy,” he said softly as she climbed to her feet. Trevor sat up but remained seated as he stared into her eyes. “If I come in with you, I’m making love to you, and if I make love to you, I’m never letting you go.”
She took a deep breath and boldly asked, “Will I be your only woman from this point forward?”
He stood and closed the distance with complete sincerity in his expression. Taking her face in his hands, he sealed her fate. “Since the moment I saw you, you were the only one for me.”
“Then I’m yours.”
Trevor captured her mouth with his and pulled her back to the bed without breaking the kiss. She slid her hands under his shirt, her fingers trailed up as she pushed the fabric up over his ribbed abdomen.
He sucked in a breath as he leaned back to let her lift the shirt over his head. “We could wait on that shower,” he offered.
“Yeah, this is a better plan,” she agreed, pulling her top off.
He hurriedly shed of the rest of his clothes as she slid her sweats down. Once they were kicked off, she was pushed back onto the bed as he loomed over her, staring down at her.
Trevor held up a condom. She sat up, snatching it out of his hand. Ripping open the foil package only amped up her desire. Grabbing his hard length, she rolled it over him before pulling him down as she lay back.
His eyes flashed gold as he lowered his mouth to her pert bud. His tongue laved over her sensitive tip before his mouth closed over her. The growl that rumbled out of his mouth bathed her in sensation as his free hand caressed down her body.
Trevor’s gaze met hers, deep green rimmed with a burning ring of gold. Something in her whispered beast, but she pushed it aside choosing to focus on the true emotion she recognized, something she’d never seen staring back at her. She felt the same deep inside, a feeling she now understood she never experienced, her soul for once complete as he placed a kiss over her heart on his way to her other nipple.
“Trevor, need you,” she moaned as his fingers slid against her slick heat.
“So wet,” he growled, pressing one finger in. “Shit, you’re tight, love.”
Her laugh was strangled. “Been a while.”
His thumb brushed over her sensitive pearl as he stroked her deep, working another finger in. “You’re killing me, Roxy,” he groaned before taking her mouth.
She could feel his length, heavy against her thigh as he worked her body, making sure she was ready. “Sorry,” she whimpered.
Pleasure radiated out from his touch, turning her blood to liquid fire. “Please, please,” she begged, her head falling back as her body arched. So close, so painfully close to something bigger than she’d ever experienced.
“That’s it,” he coaxed, “come for me.” Climax crashed over her like a tsunami, destroying every memory of pleasure that had ever come before as she melted against the bed.
“So beautiful, A Chroí,” he whispered against her ear, his body laying over hers, but braced by his elbows so he didn’t crush her. “You ready for me, love?”
“Yes,” she pleaded.
“Look at me, please,” there was a vulnerability to his tone that made her open her eyes. She saw the emotions there and she fell, harder than she had ever believed possible.

* * * *

Roxy opened her iridescent blue eyes and Trevor’s whole world shifted to align with hers. He pushed in slowly, letting her stretch to accommodate him. She was so damned tight, slick with desire, and he was terrified he’d hurt her.
“Trevor, please,” she begged.
He froze, and her eyes widened when he asked, “Did I hurt you?”
She groaned, wrapping her legs around his thighs to pull him hard into her, until he was balls deep. She cried out in pleasure, her nails cutting past skin and holding him tight.
She let out a sigh, and asked, “You okay?”
He nodded, unable to speak, his lips grazed over hers before he explored her mouth with his tongue. Savoring every shared heartbeat, he pulled nearly out before slowly gliding back in.
Roxy let out a frustrated growl and pulled him into her until he slammed home. She scored his back as pleasure passed through her features. “I won’t break,” she encouraged. “Make love to me like you mean it.”
He let go and took her, driving deeper. Each thrust more feral than the last as his beast pressed to the surface. She made a needy desperate sound each time he met her end.
Her hands threaded into his hair as he held himself over her. She took his mouth, her hips meeting his, grinding against him with each stroke. Her desire pushed him harder, his control slipping as his rhythm sped up.
All the emotions he’d felt since he first laid eyes on her collided and melded into something stronger, something greater than he ever imagined. Love, it was pure and untamed. His heart belonged to her.
He saw the same emotion mirrored back at him in her big dazzling eyes.
“Yes,” she cried out, “yours!”
“Yours,” he growled back, meaning it with every ounce of him.
Trevor felt her body ripple, her magic flooding and then flowing over him in a wave that heightened his pleasure. They found their release together. His beast rolled through him, brushing against her magic. Emotions flooded. His, hers, alone they were powerful, but together they were unbreakable.
He rolled to his side, bringing her with him. She moved with him, wrapping herself tighter against his body as he held her close.
“Never letting you go,” he promised against her hair. He would shatter into a million pieces if any harm ever befell her. Her safety was his first concern, now more than ever.
“Good. I can’t imagine letting you go.” She placed a kiss over his heart before rolling out of his embrace.
Roxy stood and flashed him a brilliant smile, full of confidence. “Now, we need a shower. Your stomach is growling at me, and I guarantee you’ll need your stamina later, because I want you again, and again.”
He climbed to his feet. “Your wish is my command,” he bowed low, causing her to giggle.

* * * *

Roxy’s fingers were happily entwined with Trevor’s. Something was different, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on what. She felt alive, full of energy, and connected to Trevor in some fundamental way. There was more, like something had been awakened within her.
Skylar looked up from her book as they walked into the Jitterhouse. Her grin nearly split her face. She hopped up in full-on babble mode. “So, you two hit it off? Of course you did. I saw the way you two were kissing on the beach. There’s so much chemistry between you two I can feel it from here. God, I bet it was hot.”
Roxy’s eyes closed. She stopped and shook her head. “Seriously, Skylar? You’re going to ask that with him standing right here?”
Trevor chuckled. “It’s no worse than the questions that are going to spring from Sorcha and Joey’s mouths.”
Her eyes widened as she turned to Trevor. “Figures. Jason’s not going to be much better.”
Trevor grinned, pulling her close. “Let them talk. I’m not letting you go.”
She believed him too, she felt it all the way to her core, which didn’t make a damned bit of sense.
Skylar squealed and bounced up and down. “You two are so spicy and sweet together. All lovey-dovey, but I see the fire burning between you.”
“Okay, okay,” Roxy giggled. She pulled Trevor to the counter. “Skip the espresso, go with my breve.” Roxy looked up at Trevor with a raised brow.
“Americano, black.”
“You like your coffee strong?” Roxy asked with a grin. “I usually start with eight shots on ice.”
He purred, “That is more caffeine than anyone ever needs, love.”
She shrugged, her eyes sliding away sheepishly. “I’m not used to being able to sleep.”
“Mmm, then you can use my arms any night you wish.”
“I’ll be taking you up on that until you get tired of me.”
“Aww,” Skylar beamed. “You two are so damned sweet.”
Roxy shot Skylar a playful glare. “You are such a pain.”
Skylar shrugged. “But you love me. Besides, I haven’t seen you this happy in…” her face scrunched up like she was doing math, which Roxy supposed she was, “damn girl, since you made your first genre list on Amazon.”
“Anyway,” Roxy attempted to change the subject.
Skylar started the drinks without looking in Roxy’s direction. There was worry in her tone. “I hear you broke up a fight last night.”
“Yeah.” Roxy let out a heavy sigh. “Look, some asshole was going to kill Jordan. Do you really think I’m capable of sitting back and letting it happen if I have a chance in hell of stopping it?”
“No, but that bastard doesn’t deserve your loyalty or sympathy.”
“I know. And he’s pretty much lost the little I had left for him after what he said last night. Doesn’t mean I want to see him dead on the floor.”
“Be careful, Rox. Jordan is a big boy. Let him clean up his own mess for once.”
“From now on, I will.”
Skylar shoved the drinks their way and Trevor insisted Skylar take money.
He turned to Roxy with a nod at the door. “Now we need to eat. I have an idea of what we can do this morning.”
“Is it a surprise?” she asked.
There was a twinkle in his eyes. “It is, and one I think you’ll enjoy.” The combination of his voice and accent was definitely audible foreplay.
Then her phone played “Savin’ Me” by Nickelback. She answered, “Hello,] Mikey,” adding extra sugary sweetness.
“Roxy. Everything okay?”
“Everything is more than okay. Why?”
“Got a bad feeling. Probably Jordan getting high again. He’s been wigging out every time he wakes up, like… like… shit, never mind. You really don’t want to know.”
She frowned, but shook her head. There was probably a reason she didn’t want to know. “Well, okay. Look, I’m busy all day. After yesterday, I’m not checking in on Jordan. He needs to get a handle on his own demons. I’m done with him and his shit. I’ll come to practice when he’s ready, but my personal life is off limits. Make sure he understands that.”
Trevor gave her a long look, but kept his mouth shut.
“Yeah, I know where your relationship with Trevor is headed. I’m happy for you. I’m not looking forward to breaking it to Jordan, but I’ll do it.”
“Good. Talk to you later, Mikey.”
“Later, Rox.”
She slid her phone into her pocket. “What?” she asked, a little too harshly.
Trevor breathed in deep and let it out slowly. “I never meant to come between you and your band.”
“You didn’t. I was at this point before I even saw you. You just happen to be the best damned coincidence ever.”
Chapter 14


“I smell Trevor, but it’s too late,” Dina growled.
“What do you mean?” Boyd snapped.
“He fucking mated the bitch. The one we’re not supposed to touch. Killing her would be such sweet revenge.”
Boyd sneered at her. “You still think you would have mated him? You’re nothing like that goody-goody piece of shit. You’re cold and heartless. You are my perfect mate.”
He was right. It didn’t dampen the need to tear Trevor down. She didn’t need him, but all the same, she wanted him to pay for not wanting her.
Her lips twisted cruelly. “Either way, the bitch stopped you from finishing what you started. As stupid as your behavior was, I want her to pay.”
“Well, with your sights set on Trevor, we could even the score. You can play with your toy, and I’ll play with his.”
Dina’s eyes narrowed as her chest heaved, but she reined in the sudden flair of jealousy. “First, we need William’s approval. He wants the girl for something.”
“William always wants something. Yet, he’s not here to claim it.”
Boyd pulled her between two trucks parked alongside the curb. “They won’t be in there much longer. Let’s wait.”
Dina nodded her consent. For once it was a smart move.

* * * *

Roxy had been right. Jason was easily as intrusive as Skylar, maybe more so. Still he seemed happy for them, if a little skeptical.
Jason dropped the check by on his way to another table, and before Trevor could scoop it up, Roxy had it in her hand. She winked as Jason came back by, and handed over the money with a grin.
“So, you’re going to be one of those couples who fight over the check?” he teased.
“Nope,” Trevor answered quickly. “Though we might race to get it first.”
Chuckling, Jason turned to go ring them up.
Trevor’s phone chimed with the urgent tone. He took a slow breath as he a opened the text from Joey.
Dina and Boyd are waiting out front. Leave through the back, we’ll pick you up. I’m driving.
He gave Roxy a smile. “Let’s go,” he held his hand out for her as he stood and she followed. He tugged her toward the back.
She didn’t argue, but gave him a funny look as he ushered her out the door.
Roxy finally stopped and turned to him. “What the hell was that about?”
Trevor placed a finger over her lips. He could already hear Dina and Boyd bickering out front. It was about to go from quiet hissing to full-on yelling.
Roxy’s eyes widened in confusion. She shook her head and her hands landed on her hips as a single dark brow arched in a demand.
Right, she can’t hear them.
Trevor whispered against her ear, “Joey sent me a text. Dina and Boyd are looking for you. They are out front.”
Her expression turned angry and she raised her hand but he leaned in to kiss her, effectively stopping her argument while they were outside. He’d let her yell in the car, or whatever she needed, to get her frustration out, but he didn’t want to draw Dina’s attention.
“I smell that cunt, where the hell is she?” Dina screeched.
Roxy jerked her face away, her eyes narrowing as her hands curled into firsts.
Trevor loved her fire. “Shh, love,” he beseeched, pressing her against the wall. She melted against him. Her eyes still held anger, but desire was mingled there. “Trust me, you don’t want to tangle with them if you can avoid it.”
“Come on, hurry up before they catch on,” Sorcha quietly urged from beside Trevor.
Roxy jumped against him, her breath coming in deep pulls. “What the fuck?” she whispered harshly.
Sorcha rolled her eyes as Trevor took a step back. Then Sorcha took Roxy’s hand and pulled her toward Joey’s Jeep.
When Roxy hesitated, Trevor scooped her into his arms and dashed to the end of the alley, where he climbed into the backseat without letting her go.

* * * *

Roxy scrambled out of Trevor’s lap and put her hands up. “Whoa, hold up. What the fuck was that?” she exclaimed as Joey took off and she was slammed back in her seat. “Excuse me, I need some damned answers!”
Trevor sighed, closing his eyes. “Roxy, I’ll explain. First, take a deep breath and calm down.”
“Calm down? I don’t even have a choice in what I’m doing now? What the hell?”
Sorcha twisted in her seat to look back at her. “Look, we drove by and saw Dina and Boyd arguing outside the Monsoon. This was after we overheard Dina trying to pry information from people at Charleen’s. Do you really want either of them to do to you what they did to your friend?”
“No, but you can’t shove me in a car without telling me what’s going on,” she insisted. “You know what? Take me home!”
“No,” Joey growled and the hair on the back of her neck stood on end. He softened his tone, “They are looking for you. They know where you live now. Please, for Trevor’s sake, hang with us today.”
“Fuck,” she muttered, falling back in her seat and buckling up. “Where the hell are we going?”
“Snoqualmie Falls. You mentioned it yesterday and I wanted to see it,” Trevor said, hope in his words.
She turned toward him. “Only if you explain what the hell is going on. Why are they looking for me? I’m not the one who started shit with them.”
Trevor scrubbed a hand over his face. “They know you’re with me, they know I cherish you, and they would do anything to destroy me. Meaning, they would hurt you to hurt me. I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“Why?” she demanded, needing to know something substantial.
And why the hell is Joey growling?
Joey started. “You could say Dina’s clan has always warred with ours. They will do anything to hurt us. Trevor especially, but that’s ancient history.”
His explantion only confused Roxy more. “What does that even mean?”
Trevor turned to her, caressing her cheek. Instead of pulling away she leaned into him, letting his warmth wash through her, easing the anger.
Then she jerked back, realizing he somehow managed to calm her. She took a deep breath as she stared back at him. “Answers, please.” The anger had dulled, but she refused to go along without knowing why.
He took her hand and stared deep into her eyes, his features painted with anguish. “Roxy, it’s a long story, and I will tell you. All of it. I don’t have the words at the moment. Can you trust me when I say I made mistakes in my past, and that I have regret, most of which stems from Dina and her people?”
“I do, but you need to trust me not to freak out.” She reached up to brush her fingers over his cheek. “Whatever happened, you aren’t happy about it. I get the feeling they deserved whatever it was, and you probably tried to make amends. You don’t strike me an asshole who acts without a good cause.”
His lids slid shut as he shook his head and then leaned into her hand where it rested on his cheek. “Doesn’t make me feel better about what happened. I’ll tell you—“
She covered his mouth with hers in a gentle kiss. “Not right now. I trust you. I have a slightly better understanding. I get it, I made a bad decision last night and drew their attention. I’m not stupid. I don’t want to put myself at risk.” She shrugged a little. “You can tell me when you’re ready. Okay?”
His fingers threaded into her hair as he drew her closer, to brush his lips over hers. Without thought, she swept her tongue into his mouth. His low purring growl rolled through her. He pulled her into his lap, and she only briefly wondered about the seatbelt as his hand grazed over her breast.
Then she was whipped to the side as the Jeep swerved. Trevor caught her, pulling her to him before she could land.
“Fucking damn it, Joey. Watch it, arsehole,” he snapped.
Joey burst out laughing and Roxy looked over in time to see Sorcha punch his arm. “Ow, babe,” he whined. “I only was having a bit of fun.”
“Yeah, well Trevor is likely to kill you if you harm Roxy,” Sorcha balked.
Roxy laughed nervously as she pulled away from Trevor who glared daggers at Joey. “Hey, Trevor, I’m fine.”
He let out the breath he was holding and nodded as he turned back to her. “You sure?”
“Yeah.” She shot Joey a look. “Though, Joey, you should stay in your lane.”
Joey chuckled. “Yeah, well I didn’t want to be pulled over after he managed to get you naked.”
“He wasn’t undressing me,” she protested as she scooted to her side and re-buckled herself in.
“I might have if he hadn’t stopped us,” Trevor admitted.
Her eyes widened and she swallowed hard. I would have let him.
His nostrils flared as the corners of his lips lifted in a grin. Somewhere in the back of her mind, something was pinging, but she was too caught up in the passion in his eyes to figure it out.

* * * *

Roxy’s scent was going to drive him insane. He should have brought her back to his condo, instead of dragging her out for breakfast. He should have known that Dina and Boyd would track her down.
“Hey, Trev. You might want to let her know about tomorrow,” Joey reminded him. The scent of worry permeated the Jeep.
Her brow arched as Roxy turned to Trevor. “What happens tomorrow?”
“It’s a stupid tradition.” Trevor paused, and took a breath before continuing. “We go hunting one night every month. If I could get out of it, I would. I can’t.”
He watched as so many emotions played through Roxy’s expression. Hurt, jealousy, fear, and finally acceptance.
She gave him a small smile. “It’s okay. I don’t expect to spend every second with you.”
He could smell the lie and it slayed him because he didn’t want to leave her for any amount of time. If she knew, it would be different, but he hadn’t figured out how to tell her. The words died on his tongue every time he opened his mouth to open her eyes to a world she thought was only in her imagination.
“I’m sorry, Roxy. I don’t want to go.”
“It’s fine,” she assured quietly, turning to look out the window. “I get it. You have a life.” Her attitude came out in that statement, but he could sense her pain and embarrassment.
He felt like an arse. “I really would cancel if I could.” There was no way in hell he could though, and as long as they kept their mouths shut about what tomorrow was, it might be okay. “I’ll make it up to you.”
She turned back to him. There was a real smile on her face but it didn’t reach her eyes. “You don’t need to, and you don’t need to explain. I get it. You’ve made the last twenty-four incredible. I was a little greedy thinking I could keep you all to myself.”
“What are you going to do while I’m gone?” The answer was important. He would worry about her.
“Write. I have plenty of writing to catch up on.”
“Are you behind?” he asked softly, feeling guilty for monopolizing all of her time.
“No. I’m ahead of schedule like usual. Even if you hang out with me until you have to leave, I won’t be behind.”
Relieved, he took her hand. “Good. I don’t want you out of my sight until four tomorrow afternoon. That’s when we’ll have to take off.”
“Sounds good.”
The car jerked to the left and came to a sudden stop. Trevor caught himself against Roxy’s door, barely holding himself off her enough to keep from squishing her.
“Damn it, Joey,” he growled. “Can’t you take it easy?”
“No,” Joey chuckled. “It’s not in my nature, and you know it.”
Roxy nipped Trevor’s bottom lip and he groaned. “Roxy,” he whispered, “I should have brought you home.”
“Mmm, agreed,” she murmured before she opened the door and slid out.
He almost fell out of the car but caught himself and followed her. “Where do you think you’re going?”
“Down to the falls,” she called over her shoulder with a wink.
Joey caught him, and pulled him to a stop. “You had her, but you haven’t told her?” He wasn’t judging, merely asking.
“I don’t know how. She’s not prepared for our world.”
“She writes about our world, or at least how she interprets it,” Sorcha pointed out. “She uses a lot of the wrong names or words, but she describes much of what we’ve seen from witches, druids and mages.”
“She doesn’t write about our kind,” Trevor noted as he stared after her. She hadn’t turned back, hadn’t stopped, and he couldn’t help wondering if she was pissed at him.
“Hey, I didn’t believe in all this shit either,” Sorcha answered. “I’m fine with it. She will be. She may freak out a tad, but I have a feeling she’ll do better than some of us.” She gave Trevor a sharp look.
Trevor’s eyes slid closed as he let out a breath. “I need to catch up with her.”
Sorcha nudged his shoulder. “We’ve got your back, Trevor. Whatever happens, she’ll come around.”
“Yeah,” he muttered before jogging to catch up with Roxy.

* * * *

Lost in a sea of emotions, Roxy hurried to the trail that went down to the falls. She figured Trevor would catch up. Hopefully Sorcha and Joey would hang back for a bit.
Roxy felt a little foolish. She knew better than to expect him to be glued to her side.
Besides, that would likely get old really fast. Maybe. Wouldn’t it?
Roxy had just started down the steep trail when she was pulled to a stop. She nearly jumped out of her skin when Trevor spun her toward him. “Are you okay?” he asked in alarm.
“You startled me,” she said lamely, dropping her eyes.
He nudged her chin up until he had her attention. There was a sadness there. “You aren’t mad?” he asked softly.
She took a deep breath before shaking her head. “No. It was a gut reaction. I was hurt, but it was dumb. You have a life outside of me. Hell, you barely know me. So it was a stupid notion. Your trip merely took me by surprise.”
“It wasn’t stupid. I wish I could forget the world, and be with you without interruption.”
“Yeah, but life doesn’t work that way.”
A smile lifted one corner of his lips. He pressed his forehead to hers. “It feels natural to be with you. Like we were meant to be. I’m going to hate every minute I have to be away from you.”
A soft laugh escaped her lips. “You say that now, but I’m sure you’ll forget all about me an hour after you get where ever you’re going.”
“Nope, not going to happen, Roxy. You’re a part of me, always will be. And get that doubtful look off your face. I know it seems fast, but I know what I feel, and I feel it for you.” His sincerity never wavered.
She set the hurt aside and kissed him. Needing his taste, his touch. His arms wrapped around her, pulling her tight against his hard body, his tongue dancing against hers and she was lost to him.
A slap to her ass brought her back, her head whipped around to find Joey laughing at them. “Seriously, you two need a room.”
Trevor growled low, baring his teeth which made Roxy giggle. It was so ridiculous she couldn’t even be upset by it.
“You were the jackass who kidnapped us,” she pertly told Joey, before pulling Trevor down the path.
“I was doing you a favor, Roxy,” Joey called with a chuckle. “You don’t want to tangle with the likes of Boyd and Dina. They make Jeffrey Dahmer look tame.”
Her eyes popped wide as she stopped to turn back to Joey. She found Sorcha nodding her agreement, like it was the unfortunate truth.
Roxy blinked. “You do realize Dahmer was a cannibal and a necrophiliac among other things, right?”
“You haven’t met the rest of their pack.” Trevor’s implied meaning sent a trill of fear through her.
“Wait, what?” she searched each of their faces for some hint at humor.
He took her hand. “Trust me, that story is better left in the past at this point. One day, when it’s not gorgeous out and we’re not on our way to a lovely waterfall, I will explain it all.”
For now, she let it slide. Later, she planned on getting answers. She started walking again, pulling Trevor along as the momentum of the downhill trek made her feet move faster. Before she knew it, she was running, until she stumbled, and Trevor scooped her up like she weighed nothing.
“Careful, A Chroí. Don’t want to see you hurt,” he cautioned against her hair as he set her down.
“All right.” She struggled to get a hold of herself because her attraction was completely overwhelming. Usually the big protective alpha types turned her off. Maybe because it didn’t feel sincere from anyone but her brother, until Trevor.
“How much further until we get there?” he asked as they started across the fenced-in bridge near the power plant.
“Not far.” She grinned and kept going. Joey and Sorcha had fallen behind, probably taking their time. The walk down was nice, but the falls themselves were what drew her in.
They made the rest of the trip in silence. When they got there, she climbed over the railing before Trevor could argue.
As she started scrambling down the small cliff to the ground, he burst out with, “Roxy, what are you doing? It says not to go further.”
She looked up at him and rolled her eyes. “Come on, Trevor. Live a little. It used to be easier to get down there, but I’m not letting a little climb stop me.”
Sighing, Trevor boosted himself on top of the railing. He dropped down, landing in a crouch with a raised brow as she made it to the bottom. “We’ll play it your way then, but you best be careful, love.”
She took his hand and pulled him along as she made her way across the rocky ground. She climbed onto one of the large boulders and then hopped to the next, before taking a seat on the edge. Roxy pulled her shoes and socks off, and rolled up her jeans. Then she dipped her feet in the water.
Trevor sat down beside her with a doubtful look. “How is it?”
“Cold, but still feels good,” she answered, happily wiggling her toes.
He grinned and followed suit before taking her hand. He looked to her. “You still up for practice with us tonight?”
“Mmhmm, I can’t wait to hear the way we sound together.”
“It’s your voice, there is no way it will sound anything less than amazing.”
She half-laughed. “I’d rather listen to you than me.”
Chapter 15


Trevor was lost in Roxy’s beauty as she stared up at the waterfall. The scenery was a lovely sight, but it didn’t compare to the woman sitting beside him. There was so much he needed to say, and none of it seemed right.
She finally turned to him, her dazzling eyes peering into his soul. “Trevor, why do they want to hurt you?”
Resigned, he let out a deep breath. “Promise to listen to all of it first, and I’ll tell you. It’s horrible though, and I fully expect you to hate me.”
She smiled softly. “Have a little faith in me. I doubt you have it in you to do something so heinous I can’t forgive you.”
“Back in Ireland, when my sister was still with me, the head of their clan brutally raped her and left her for dead. It was too late by the time I found her.”
Tears filled his eyes, but he didn’t fight them back. There was a mix of horror, shock and rage on her face, and it wasn’t directed at him.
“You killed him, right?”
He nodded. “I would have if he hadn’t fallen off the cliff. I wanted to make him pay. I beat the holy living hell out of him and before I could finish him, he fell to his death.”
“Good. I’m only sorry you didn’t strike the final blow,” she answered automatically.
A heavy tear fell as he stared at her. “You’re not appalled by my rage? You don’t think I’m a murderer?”
“A murderer? No. Maybe a court would see it that way, but you sought revenge for a horrible crime committed against your sister. If someone did that to my brother, I know I’d want blood and I would go after it.”
“Oh, Roxy. If they managed to do that to your brother, they would do far worse to you, love.”
“Doesn’t mean I wouldn’t try. I couldn’t stand by and do nothing.” She lifted a single shoulder in a shrug. “I know, probably stupid. I can’t help it. That would push me beyond any rational thought.”
“Listen to me, Roxy,” he told her, taking her face in his hands. “No matter what Dina and Boyd do, stay away from them, especially if I’m not with you. What they would do to you if they got their hands on you…” he closed his eyes and shook his head. “I couldn’t live if you were taken from me. I wouldn’t survive it.”
“Shh,” she whispered and leaned in to kiss him. “Don’t. I’m not stupid. I’m not looking for a fight, but if they touch you, or hurt Mikey, all bets are off. I’d lose it.”
He took a shaky breath and nodded. If he had any say, they would never be near enough to threaten her. It was the only option he had.
“Roxy, would you stay at my condo tomorrow night? I would feel a thousand times better if I knew you would be in my bed when I come home the next morning.”
“Really? You want me to hide out at your place?” she laughed softly, chewing on her bottom lip, obviously giving it serious thought.
He pointed out, “You seem to need a break from Jordan. He wouldn’t know where to look for you at my place, and then you wouldn’t have to sneak out the fire escape. No one would know where you were.”
She nodded in agreement. “All right. I can do that. I’ll need my laptop and a few things.”
“I’ll take you back to your place before bringing you home today?” He gave her a wicked grin. “And I know how I’ll make up for tomorrow then.”
“Silly man, you don’t have to make up for anything. I told you, it was a simple wave of stupidity. I know I can’t keep you all to myself all the time.”
He pouted, giving her his best puppy dog eyes. “I would love to keep you to myself every second of the day if I could.”
She shifted on the rock and threw one leg over his lap. Her voice was low and sultry. “Trevor, you can have me whenever you want me. I’m not going anywhere.”
He wrapped his arms around her, pulling her closer as he closed his mouth over hers. He could taste her savory magic as she moved against him, causing him to groan. If she wasn’t careful, he was going to strip her down and have her right there on the boulder in front of all the tourists up above.
“Ahem,” Joey cleared his throat. “You guys forget you’re in public?” He chuckled.
“Please, we’re not half as bad as you,” Trevor pointed out, remembering a few key times he had to stop Sorcha and Joey from public sex.
Sorcha giggled. “Trevor does have a point, Joey. However, Roxy, I don’t know about you, but I’m hungry for actual food,” she waggled her brows. “There will be time for what you want, later.”
Roxy blushed as she climbed out of Trevor’s lap to put her socks and boots back on. Trevor did the same.
Joey reached into the water and splashed at her.
Before Trevor could retaliate, Roxy leaned over and soaked Joey.
Trevor jumped to his feet, threw her over his shoulder and ran back to the overlook faster than he should have. At least he avoided letting Joey dump her in the icy water, which he had been moving to do.
He was up the rocky cliff face, and over the rail in no time, setting her on her feet.
She stepped back with wide eyes, her mouth hanging open. Then she laughed. “Were you a track star in another life? Maybe a monkey? Jesus, that was fast.”
He tossed a look back at Joey. “Nope. I was trying to keep you out of the water.”
She looked past him and waved down at Joey and Sorcha who were making their way at a slower pace. “Come on, let’s get a head start up the hill.”
Sorcha called out. “Hey, how about the lodge for lunch?”
“Sounds good,” Roxy answered and then turned to pull Trevor back up the trail.

* * * *

Jordan sat in the wheelchair. His body still ached, but he was a hell of a lot better than they first assessed. The nurse wheeled him out to Doug’s car, parked in front of Swedish.
Last night he was a fucking mess. Those weird fucked up dreams seemed to be speeding his recovery. Stupid as that sounded, he believed it.
Mike stood out front and watched as Jordan pushed himself to his feet. “Hey, Mike. You look pissed.”
Mike’s chest heaved as his eyes narrowed. He moved to open the back door to the car, not bothering to answer.
Jordan knew what that meant. He was about to get his ass handed to him. Did he deserve it? Most likely.
He sucked it up and climbed into the car. The door was slammed shut as soon as he got his legs in. Jordan sighed as he buckled himself in.
Doug gave him a dark look and shook his head. “High? You were fucking high after everything you did to get off that shit?”
“Fuck. I can’t stand not having Roxy. And now she’s with that fucking douchebag.”
Mike flipped around in his seat with a deadly glare on his face. “Listen to me, asshole. You had your chance with my sister. Too many of them. You fucked up. Not her. This new guy? I can honestly say he cares about her and her needs. Not his. He walked her to the hospital, after midnight, so she could check on your sorry ass. He hated every second of it, but never once complained because he respects her and her wishes. When did you ever care about what she needed?”
Jordan closed his eyes and took a long, deep breath. “I know. I fucked up. No excuse is good enough. Things get blurred and my need is so great, I tried to fill it with the wrong shit.”
“Yeah, well you don’t need Roxy. Or more accurately, Roxy doesn’t need you,” Mike warned. “So I’m going to lay out how things will go from now on. You will not say a single word against Trevor, Roxy, or her choices. Got it? Not a single word or I cut all ties.”
At a loss for words, he nodded. After seeing the agony he caused the one woman he loved, Jordan knew he needed to let Roxy go. Demon chick had already explained that, and even though he still had no clue what the fuck the dream was about, he knew he needed to trust it.
“All right. You got it,” he finally conceded.
“Look at me, Jordan,” Mike barked.
Jordan opened his eyes and met Mike’s nearly glowing gaze.
Mike continued, “Do you understand?”
“Yes. I get it. I’m too late, and she found someone to make her happy.” He felt a tear fall down his face. “Hurts like a bitch, but I get it.”
Doug’s mouth fell open as he stared. “You’re admitting defeat? Without me knocking your ass out?”
“I’ve tried for years, and nothing has ever worked. She’s never once looked at me the way she looks at him. I’ve never had my priorities straight, and even if I could fix it, I’d just fuck it up again. I’d rather her be happy.”
“Shit.” Mikey’s eyes rounded in genuine surprise. “That’s the first mature thing I think I’ve ever heard you say.”
“I didn’t say it would be easy. Fuck, I know it won’t, but I need to let her go. For her, for me, for everyone.” Jordan pushed a hand through his hair and felt the stitches in the side of his face pull. He winced, more at the ache in his heart, than the sting on his brow. “I get it.”
“Good. One more thing. Tell me you won’t be pulling that shit with the coke again.”
“I’m done with that too. I’m inspired to write again. I think I’ll use Roxy’s outlet, instead of my old ones.”
“Good,” Mike turned back in his seat and nodded at Doug who pulled away from the loop.

* * * *

Roxy still couldn’t believe they’d all devoured some variation of rare… damn near raw… steak. She pushed her empty plate aside last, and all she’d had was a blackened salmon Caesar salad. She felt a little out of place as she looked around and saw the way Joey and Sorcha watched her, like they were waiting for something.
Trevor squeezed her thigh, pulling her closer as he bent to whisper in her ear, “Don’t worry. They expect everyone to pig out like them.”
Her lips lifted into a crooked smile. “Sorry. I don’t tend to wolf my food down. I like to enjoy it.”
Sorcha snickered, but Joey’s brows drew together, making him look altogether too serious.
“What?” Roxy asked with a sigh.
Sorcha looked to Trevor, then back to her, and shrugged. “You two really are adorable together. Can’t keep your eyes off each other, or stop touching in some way. Plus, you’re like part of the family already.”
Roxy rolled her eyes. “Don’t tell me I’m like the little sister you never had.”
“Kind of,” Joey teased. “Trevor needed a woman to round out the clan. You fit perfectly.”
Roxy lay her head against Trevor’s shoulder, and he wound his arm around her.
Trevor murmured to her, “We do fit perfectly.”
Heat rose in her face, and down low, as she remembered exactly how well they meshed. “We do,” she answered.
The waitress came by and Joey handed her a card before anyone else could offer.
Sorcha bounced in her seat. “So, you’re going to practice tonight?”
“Yes, yes I am,” Roxy confirmed.
“I can’t wait to hear you.” Sorcha shot Trevor a warning look. “I am staying to listen. I don’t want any argument on it.”
“I already know we’re going to sound amazing together,” he answered.
Joey gave Roxy a long look. “You sure you can learn it that fast?”
“Oh, I am,” she answered. She’d been going over what she remembered in her head for most of lunch. “Worried you don’t know your part?”
Joey blinked, then laughed. “Oh, I’ll nail it. I always do.”
“Hmm, I suppose we’ll see,” Roxy grinned.
Sorcha snorted. “She’s got you pegged, babes.”
He narrowed his eyes before standing. “We should get back before we’re late.” Joey started for the door.
Sorcha shrugged but followed.
Trevor stood and took Roxy’s hand. “Come on. Let’s show them how to sing.”
“Let’s,” Roxy answered as she stood. She was pulled against Trevor’s hard body.
“I can’t wait to hear you sing our song.” He sucked her earlobe into his hot mouth and all she could think about was those lips would feel sucking at her clit.
She pushed him back and dragged him toward the doors. “Don’t start now,” she cautioned with heat in her voice. “I’ve been craving you all day and it doesn’t look like I get to have you anytime soon.”
“Oh, but I promise to have you fully satisfied within minutes of getting you home, and I have no intention of stopping there,” he warned in his sexy purring accent.
Chapter 16


“I’m staying,” Sorcha told Trevor with a twinkle in her eye.
“I know,” he replied, but shot Joey a look. “Sorry Joey. You won’t win this one.”
She had bet Joey that Roxy would nail the song and he would flub it up. Trevor knew his voice would meld with Roxy’s and there would be no stopping them.
Roxy nodded, a cocky smile on her face. “Don’t worry. You have it in the bag, Sorcha.”
Joey chuckled. “Nah, you don’t stand a chance. You haven’t heard the music.”
“Don’t need to. Trevor and I are on the same wavelength.”
Damn, she had no idea how right she was. He could feel what she was feeling. It’s why he felt like a jerk for having to leave the next day. He still didn’t have a clue what to say to help her believe him about their world.
They entered the old studio. Roxy smiled a little. “We used this same place when we got too loud for Doug’s parents.”
“Really?” Trevor asked.
She nodded.
Trevor grinned. “It was the first place we found, and we knew we’d want to keep playing. Nothing like the rush of people into your music.” He knew she felt the same. He could tell when he watched her sing. She rode the high of taking the crowd on a journey with her music.
Joey grumbled. “You ready?”
She raised a brow at him. “You’re the drummer. Aren’t you going to start us off?”
A cocky smile emerged as he nodded his head, and started the count.
Roxy had the first line and her rich voice filled the room, pulling him closer. He came in with his line and he had to force himself to listen for Joey to fumble.
Four lines in, Joey flat out stopped. By the chorus, Nick and Shane did too. Roxy stared into Trevor’s eyes as she sang every word full of love, and passion, with every ounce of her soul. Trevor matched it, ignoring everything but her as he lost himself their song, and in her.
When it was over, Roxy blinked and looked around. Trevor couldn’t help shooting Joey a smirk. “Better luck next time, old friend. I told you she’d nail it.”
Sorcha squealed and ran over to hug Roxy. “Oh my god, that was amazing. You have to sing it next time the guys have a gig.”
Roxy nodded, a smile spreading on her face. “I’d love to.”
“I know I want you there for it, if it doesn’t conflict with your band’s schedule,” Trevor asked hopefully.
“It shouldn’t.”
“Good, let’s give this song another shot.” Trevor flicked his attention to Joey. “This time, try not to flub it up.”
Joey snorted. “Yeah, yeah, well if your girlfriend wasn’t so damn hot when she sings, I wouldn’t have stopped.”
Trevor’s eyes narrowed, a low growl rumbling through his chest.
Roxy shook her head. “Okay, boys, let’s do this so Trevor and I can take off.”
Joey started the count and the song began. This time they made it through to the end, though nowhere near tight enough. As soon as the song was over, Roxy held up a single finger and started for the door. Her phone was buzzing in her pocket, and she reached to answer it before she made it outside.
“Hey,” Trevor smiled tightly. “I’m going to get her out of here. You guys work on the song.”
Shane gave him a nod. “Consider telling her the whole story before tomorrow. She’s not going to run. You two are magic together.”
“I want to. I’m not sure how, but I plan to try.” He turned to Sorcha and pointed at her with a grave look. “Whatever you do, you can’t tell her what tomorrow is. There’s no need to burden her with that too.”
Sorcha sighed heavily and flopped onto the old ratty couch. “Fine, fine. Not a word.”
Trevor didn’t buy it, but he was hoping he could convince them to keep his birthday out of the mix. It was one unfortunate coincidence, and he didn’t want to tell her another lie.

* * * *

Roxy rushed outside to answer the phone. “Hey, Mikey.”
“So, Rox,” Mikey started. “Where were you all day?” There was concern and accusation layered in his tone.
“Snoqualmie. Why?” she asked, not bothering to hide her annoyance.
He sighed heavily. “Well, the police were looking for you earlier. I was wondering if you ran into them. It’s weird though. Jordan didn’t press charges. Kevin had to close the case.”
Roxy leaned back against the wall and frowned. “Then why would they look for me?” Everything Trevor told her came back to her. Could Dina or Boyd be trying to find her? How far will they go?
Trevor came up beside her, concern clear in his jade green eyes.
“I don’t know, Roxy. They called Doug and Jordan’s looking for you. But Kevin has your number, so it doesn’t make much sense. Be careful, okay?”
“Okay, I will. Thanks for the warning.” She chewed her lip and looked up at Trevor who leaned against her, and pushed her hair behind her ear.
“Are you going to be home tonight?” Mikey prompted.
Roxy didn’t hesitate. “Nope. And don’t start. I’m positive you don’t want to know details.”
“You’re right, Rox. You’re still my baby sister,” Mikey groaned.
She laughed. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“Hey, Jordan wants to talk. You have a minute?”
“Not for him, Mikey. I’m done with his shit.”
“He wants to apologize.”
“Tell him that actions speak louder than words.” With that, she hung up.
Trevor tipped her face up and brushed his lips over hers in a gentle kiss. “Anything I can do to help?”
“Ask me to stay the night?” she prompted with a smile.
“Please, Roxy, stay the night with me?”
“Of course.”
“Good. You don’t have a lot of food in your place. It makes me wonder if you take care of yourself properly.” His brow arched as he gave her an imploring look.
She pushed him back with a groan. “If you turn out to be one of those alpha-holes who thinks you can dictate what I eat, or wear or any of that shit, you can stop right there. You won’t like me much if you think you’re the boss.”
He laughed out loud. “Oh no, love. You mentioned eating out a lot. But what if you’re not well and don’t want to go out. It wouldn’t hurt to have a few things stocked away.”
She grumbled, “Okay, you might have a point. Now let’s go. You mentioned me staying at your place tomorrow night, as well. I should probably get what I need for a few days in case you want me there longer.”
“I will always want you there. I can tell you that right now.”
She sighed and leaned her head against his shoulder. “You have a way of righting all the wrongs in my world.”
“You do the same, love. I felt lost before you came along, moving through life without direction. Ever since I saw you, I knew you were my direction, my everything.”

* * * *

Trevor followed Roxy into her building, but he caught Boyd and Dina’s scent. She took the stairs and the smell disappeared. As soon as he stepped onto her floor and into the hall, he found it again.
Shit, they’ve been here.
He raced through a hundred scenarios while Roxy walked to her door. He didn’t see any evidence of tampering which was a relief, but he could sense Fiona’s magic.
She unlocked the door and stepped inside. Trevor followed right behind her, kicking the door shut and quickly locking it.
Roxy didn’t even look back before she started pulling her sweater off as she walked to her bedroom. “Be right back. Going to change real quick,” she told him.
He closed his eyes and breathed in deep. Only Roxy’s scent and his. There were old traces of her brother, and Skylar. 
Trevor glanced over to find her door shut. He pulled his phone out to text Nick. Ask Fiona if she found signs of Boyd and Dina at Roxy’s place before she cast the wards.
Nick’s response came in seconds. Not inside her building, but they were snooping around it. Why? Have they been there?
Trevor replied. Inside the building, yes. Not in her apartment. They were here in the last hour.
Nick came back with. Got bad news. The condo across from hers is empty. They could be interested in buying it.
Trevor sent one last text. Good thing she’s staying at my place.
He heard her moving toward the door and stepped in front of it as he slid his phone into his pocket. She came out of the room as his eyes caught on her home phone flashing with messages.
She walked right into him. Every instinct in his body urged him to pin her against the wall and take her hard and fast, but he took a deep breath and nodded at her phone. “You have messages.”
With a sigh, she picked it up and played them back. A few were from Jordan. One from Kevin early that morning. Then another from Jordan late morning, this one to apologize.
On the last message, Boyd’s voice came on, devoid of the accent.
Trevor’s blood ran cold, and he had to repress the growl from bubbling out of his chest as he pretended not to listen.
A frown tugged at her lips. “This doesn’t sound right. I don’t know why, but I don’t think this is a cop.”
Trevor’s brow arched as he held a hand out for the phone. “May I?”
Nodding, she handed him the phone and he listened intently. He nodded. “It’s Boyd. I don’t know how he got your number, but that’s him all right.”
“Shit. I thought it sounded like him,” she took a deep breath and let it out as she sat on her desk and closed her eyes. “So, I guess that confirms I’m staying at your place until they are locked up for good, or you are with me.” She half-laughed, a sad look on her face. “Don’t get used to me wanting to hide out. It’s not my normal mode, but after what that asshole did to Jordan, I’m not taking any chances.”
Trevor closed the distance, setting the phone on the cradle, and stepping between her legs. “I already know you’re a fighter, Roxy. As long as you stay safe until I come home from the trip, I promise we will find a way to deal with them once and for all.”
Her head dipped in a slight nod. “Okay. Let’s go though. If they have my number, they know where I live. I’m a little creeped out.”
Thank God she’s smart. “Don’t forget anything you may need for a few days.”
Roxy gently pushed him back and stood. She already had her backpack on her shoulders, but she grabbed another bag and slid her laptop and a few notebooks into it. “Okay, I’m ready. I’m generally pretty low maintenance. I do more for shows, but you won’t see me all decked out any other time.”
He leaned in to nip her lush bottom lip. “Roxy, honestly, I love you just like this. I don’t need a made up rock star, I only need you.”
“You really are breaking down all my defenses.” She gave him a smile. “Let’s get going.” Once he was out, she locked the door and he took her hand to pull her toward the exit at the rear of the building.
She pulled him to a stop with a raised brow. “Where are we going?”
“After that message, I want to go out the back.”
“Oh. I should have thought of that,” she started moving again.
“Nothing is going to happen to you, Roxy. I won’t let it,” he promised.

* * * *

A thousand questions rippled through her head. Roxy followed Trevor back to his place without a word. He kept looking over at her with a questioning look. He was amazing… so far. But like she told Mikey, actions speak louder than words. His actions were swaying her, but he kept making promises he couldn’t possibly keep.
How did he plan to keep her safe from psychopaths? Especially if he was gone?
No. I don’t need a man to take care of me, to protect me, or any of that shit. Staying at his place is only acceptable because they won’t expect me to be there.
Or would they?
Oh fuck, it doesn’t matter. He has better security than I do.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Trevor asked in his low concerned voice. Blinking, she found herself in the elevator. She hadn’t even realized they had stepped into his building yet.
“Doesn’t matter,” she answered.
His brow creased as he moved closer to press a finger under her chin, raising her face to his. “Tell me what I can do to make it better.”
She frowned. “Actions speak louder than words. Promises don’t mean much to me.”
“I know, Roxy. I won’t stop saying it, but I will find a way to prove it to you. Give me a chance.”
She nodded. The elevator opened and they walked to his door.
Trevor let them in, and pulled her laptop case from her shoulder, setting it on his desk. “Put your bag in my room, and you may want to get more comfortable.” His suggestion had a hint of command, one she was willing to follow as long as it got them naked with him deep inside her.
A smirk tilted one side of her mouth as she walked past him, trailing her fingers across his belly, tracing over his waistband. “Want to help?” she purred.
“Mmm, I do.” He followed.
She set her backpack down against his dresser and his shirt landed at her feet. She heard his belt as she pulled her sweater and tank over her head.
His hot fingers trailed along the curling flower pattern that decorated her spine, and then unlatched her bra. She pulled it off as his hands glided around her sides to cup her breasts. Her head fell back on his shoulder granting his lips access to trail over the sensitive column of her throat.
“Too many clothes, Roxy.” She could hear the impatience in his tone.
Her hands dropped to her jeans, opening the fly to shimmy them down her legs. She toed off her shoes and kicked her pants off.
She was spun and picked up before flying through the air to land on the bed with a bounce.
Then Trevor was over her. “I’m not stopping, Roxy. I’m going to start by devouring you until you beg me to stop. Then, once you’ve caught your breath, I’m going to make love to you until you can’t take it.”
Licking her lips, she stared up into his desire-darkened eyes. Like I’m supposed to argue when he looks at me like that?
“Well, get to it then,” she taunted as saucily as she could manage while trembling from need so strong she could hardly move.
His chuckle was low and seductive as he dipped his head to kiss her jaw, and nibble his way to her collar bone. His lips and tongue were sinfully talented, and they were all hers.
He teased her senses with the damp trail he left on his way down her body, pausing to worship her sensitive tips. He took his time finding his way to her belly button, and then down along her pelvis. Then he pushed her legs wide as he took a long lick of her slick heat.
“Trevor,” she moaned. “Stop teasing.”
His gaze locked on hers, gold rimming the deep green as his brow arched. “Tell me what you want.”
While she didn’t have a lot of experience, she had written plenty of sexy scenes and had no problem finding her words. “I want you to lick and suck my clit, then fuck me with your tongue.”
He made the sexiest purring growl as he curled his tongue around her pink pearl and enthusiastically went to work.
Her hands slipped into his thick, soft hair. “Fuck, yes,” she cried out as he made good on his promise to devour her. He brought her over the edge in minutes, and kept right on going.
He delved in with his tongue, that purr vibrating up her spine and radiating out. The pleasure built to heights she never imagined and he kept there on the edge, a hair’s breadth from tumbling into a sea of bliss.
“Make me come,” she screamed. “Now, make me come!”
“What did you say?” his voice washed over her, pushing her closer.
“Please, fuck please, please, fucking puhleeasse!” she begged, her nails digging into his scalp.
Taking his cue, he did something—she wasn’t sure what—it was so damned good she exploded into a million pieces before melting into a gooey puddle of ecstasy. Pleasure rang through every nerve, blocking out every sensation until she heard the sound of foil tearing.

* * * *

Trevor crawled back up her body, kneeling before her and lifting her thighs to rest on his as he watched her breasts heave with every breath. She was spent, but he wasn’t done. He had every intention of making love to her.
He reached to the nightstand and grabbed a condom. Her eyes opened to watch as he rolled it on.
A smile lifted her lips. “You weren’t kidding about your plan.”
“Oh no. I’m a man of my word, Roxy. I plan to show you over and over again.”
“Next time is my turn,” she promised, still not moving.
“You catch your breath yet?”
“Mmm, I need you, Trevor. Just you.”
His fingers dug into the flesh of her ass as he lifted her. Trevor drove into her heated core in one powerful stroke. Her need-filled moan made his cock throb. He set a slow pace, rolling in and out of her in fluid thrusts.
“Come here,” she groaned.
He dropped, his elbows landing on either side of her shoulders and his fingers sliding through her hair. “What, A Chroí?”
Her hand wrapped around the back of his neck, aligning his eyes with hers. “Fuck me. Hard. None of this slow and easy bullshit. I don’t want you to hold back.”
Trevor licked his lips, tempted. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Her other palm drifted down his side to his ass. She grabbed a handful, her nails piercing skin and he groaned at how good it felt. She pulled and his hips jolted home.
“Hard, Trevor. You won’t break me.”
Oh, if only you knew what I was capable of.
Trevor let go as he pulled out and then slammed back into her. Her lids lowered as she gazed up at him, her bottom lip caught in her teeth. This time, he didn’t hesitate.
She made the most delicious sounds as he made love to her. The rhythmic beat of flesh meeting flesh filled the room, and then she was screaming her release, while he fought his own with everything he had, determined to last.
He caught her ankles, pulling them to his shoulders as he drove deeper. Her back arched as he leaned forward, bracing his hands on the headboard as he pumped into her relentlessly. Her core pulsed around him, nearly breaking his control.
She started screaming his name as she came around him. There was no holding back as he followed, pressing deep to feel her body’s response to his. He was lost to her as he rolled to his side, pulling her tight to his chest.
“Fucking perfect,” she murmured sleepily, tucking her face against his neck, before drifting into sleep.
Chapter 17


Reluctant, Trevor pulled a blanket around Roxy’s sleeping form. He placed a tender kiss to her temple before climbing from the bed to deal with the condom and make a phone call.
He almost couldn’t believe that he was about to resort to asking Joey for advice, but the man had already been through something similar with the way Sorcha had been brought into their world. It wasn’t the same, but close enough. He hoped Joey could be serious for ten minutes.
Before he gave into temptation and let her warm body call him back to bed, he pulled on a pair of sweats, and grabbed his phone. He took one last look at Roxy before moving to the living room.
Trevor walked to the window while dialing.
One ring later, Joey answered. “You tell her?”
“No. I need to talk. Can you bring Sorcha by and come to the store with me? I don’t want to leave her alone tonight. Boyd and Dina were snooping around her place. Nick says there is a vacant condo across from hers. My bet is they will be moving in, and I want to keep her away from there.”
“Shit, that’s no good. Though it should take a little time before for a sale goes through. We’ll be there.”
“Good. See you soon.”
“Yeah. Maybe call Fiona though. I swear Roxy has that same wild magic scent. Maybe Fiona can help her figure it out.”
“I hope so,” Trevor answered before hitting end. Fiona was the next one he called.
It took her a little longer to answer. “Good evening, Trevor.”
“Hi, Fiona. Look, I hate to bother you, but did you notice anything special about Roxy?”
“Like she’s a druid but doesn’t seem to realize it?” she asked with light humor.
“Yeah, like that.” Trevor sighed as he sank into a chair.
“Well, unless you’re ready to tell her what you are, and what we are, I don’t think throwing her magic into the mix is going to help. She needs to digest this a piece at a time. Mated to you, she needs your piece first, I think.”
“I thought you said something about untrained druid’s magic erupting in times of great stress, or something like that.”
She sighed, he could almost see her twining her fingers through her long dark hair. “Yes. That is true. You have made some sort of arrangements for her tomorrow, right?”
“I convinced her to stay at my place. I appreciate your wards, but now that Boyd and Dina seem to know where to find her, I don’t want her there. Not without me.”
“Okay, then she should be safe until after our hunt. Maybe by then you’ll figure out how to tell her about us.”
“I plan to try tonight. Every time I open my mouth to start, the words die on my tongue. I don’t want to lose her now that I’ve found her.”
Fiona laughed, it sounded like bells. “She won’t run. Somewhere inside of her she sees Others around her. She interprets it in her own way, and it comes out in her writing. She may not know she believes, but deep down she does. Roxana would probably tell you it’s all in her imagination, but I have a feeling she understands more than she wants to. She’s not going to bolt the first time you mention it.”
“I hope you’re right. I will try to tell her. She needs to know. I think maybe waiting a couple of days would be better. I don’t want her to worry about tomorrow night.”
“Good luck, Trevor. We’ll keep her safe, and have this sorted out in no time.”

* * * *

Roxy woke up. She was warm and sated. Trevor’s smell was everywhere, but she didn’t feel him. She reached around and found the bed empty. Her heart sank.
She climbed out of bed and stumbled around in the dark until she found a light switch. For the first time, she took in the room. Masculine, which suited him fine. Shades of brown and dark wood furniture. Above the bed hung a beautiful tapestry of lifelike wolves.
The one in the center looked like the one from her dreams with his big golden eyes. Come to think of it, the wolf looked like Trevor’s tattoo.
And I’m fucking nuts. As if my dreams were real. Rolling her eyes, she pulled on her panties and tank top before stepping through the door to the living room.
She stopped in her tracks as her gaze landed on Sorcha who sat on the couch with her feet up, reading one of Roxy’s books.
“Um, where’s Trevor?” Roxy asked.
Sorcha looked up, her brow arched. “He’ll be right back. He went to the store with Joey. Wanted to make sure everything was stocked up so you had no reason to leave when we head out.” She set down the book and got up to come to her.
Blushing, Roxy turned to find her jeans, pulling them on quickly. Sorcha followed her with a grin. “Why so modest? You were fine with being naked in front of us last night.”
“Yeah, well alcohol helped. And Trevor has a way of looking at me like I’m the sexiest being alive. Makes a girl want to parade around naked.”
Sorcha laughed out loud. “That he does. No, not with me,” she held her hands up, her eyes wide. “Joey does that for me, but you’ll notice Joey doesn’t look at anyone but me that way. Trevor is so gone for you, it’s plain to see you’re his one and only.”
“So you’ve said. Why do you act like it’s destined?”
“Maybe it is. I believe it to be,” Sorcha wore a knowing smile. “Come on, may as well have a chat. Trevor will be mad, but I have a feeling you’ll understand his reasoning.”
“Oh lord, what now?” Roxy groaned. She walked to the couch and flopped down facing Sorcha who sat down at the other end.
Sorcha took a deep breath. “Listen for a moment before getting upset.”
Roxy narrowed her eyes. “Spit it out already.”
“Trevor’s birthday is tomorrow. You just met him though, so he didn’t want you to think you were obligated to get him anything. He wanted it to stay a secret until later.”
“On your hunting trip? Your trip is on his birthday?” She asked skeptically. Maybe he is full of shit. Maybe he’s not so perfect.
“I swear to you, Roxy, the hunting thing would be scheduled tomorrow no matter what day of the year it was. That is how our clan works. Even if it wasn’t his birthday, we would be going, so chalk it up to bad timing.”
“Okay,” she answered noncommittally as her head spun through a thousand questions.
“Maybe Trevor was right on waiting to tell you about his birthday. He can’t change the date and can’t avoid the trip. For him, it really is just another day, one he avoids celebrating.”
That made sense. Still, she had every intention of sitting Trevor down and tackling that topic once Joey and Sorcha left. “I guess I’ll see what he has to say about it.”
Sorcha smiled grimly. “I didn’t want it to come up later and him have to scramble for an answer.”
Roxy laughed. “Yeah. You are likely saving us an argument later, though I don’t like things being kept from me.”
“He told you about Dina and her clan right?”
“Yeah. That he killed someone close to her. And apparently she wanted Trevor, but he never wanted her.”
Sorcha nodded. “I know why he killed him. I can’t say I blame him. As for Dina, Trevor has never been interested in that bitch. Not even at his lowest moment.”
“So, since we are sharing secrets, tell me about Trevor. Anything you think I should know?”
Sorcha’s smile was wide. “He loves you. That much is obvious. Though, I suppose you want to know about some of his favorite things?”
“I do. Tell me what you can.”

* * * *

“Why didn’t you go to Shane?” Joey asked with a frown.
Trevor’s eyes narrowed, “You don’t want to help?”
“Well, you usually trust him better. I tend to be the smartass who doesn’t know what I’m talking about. So really, it’s sort of funny you’re coming to me now.”
“Yeah, well Shane was smart and told Siobhan about it all before he ever made love to her. Our situation more closely resembles yours and Sorcha’s, and I don’t know what to do.”
“Fuck, Trevor. I told you to tell her first if you were going to go that route, I also told you it was going to be harder if you waited.”
“I don’t know what to tell her.”
Joey scrubbed a hand over his hair. “Well, you haven’t lied to her. You left a few things out, and when you do get to explaining it to her, I think she’ll understand and cut you a little slack.”
“I fucking hope so. I can’t lose her.”
“You won’t,” Joey answered. “Hey, you noticed she’s not human right? She’s something like Fiona.”
“Yeah, but I don’t think she knows it. Fiona says she’ll talk to her about it after I tell her the rest.”
“You think waiting is a good idea? Her magic seems awfully close to the surface for someone who has never used it before,” Joey challenged candidly.
“I need to tell her what I am before I tell her that part. So, Joey, have any sage advice for your old friend?”
“Wait until after we get back from tomorrow’s hunt, and then lay it all out. Shift if you have to.”
They entered the store, and all supernatural conversation ceased.

* * * *

“He’s not feeling so hot,” Doug told someone at the door.
Jordan sat up, scrubbing a hand over his face, but wincing as the stitches pulled. He still hurt, but not as bad as he knew he should. Hell, his face looked better than it had a right to.
“He’ll see me,” a woman purred. “I have what he needs.” The familiar sensual voice awakened his cock instantly. He managed to stand up, and stumbled toward the door.
Jordan called out, “Let her in, Doug. I need to talk to her,”
His brow arched as he turned toward Jordan, but he shrugged and wandered into the kitchen where he was likely to listen to every word said.
Jordan’s eyes drifted over the woman with pale skin, crimson hair, and vibrant red-brown eyes. When he shifted his gaze toward Doug, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the red demon’s image superimposed over the woman, but it was gone when he looked back.
Her scarlet lips quirked into a grin. “Can we talk? Preferably in your room?”
He nodded dumbly, stepping aside to let her in.
She followed, shutting the door behind her. “Well, show me the way.”
“Right,” he started for his room.
Once inside, she slammed the door and closed the distance. Her hand went right for his rigid length. “Want the pain to melt away?”
“What are you?” he groaned as she stroked him through his pants.
“Same as you. Or close enough.”
“That doesn’t answer anything.”
Her grip tightened, almost painfully so. “You are an incubus. You feed off pleasure, but not your own. I’m a succubus. The same, but female.”
“A demon?” he asked breathlessly as she shoved him onto the bed. He fell with a pained cry. “Shit. Careful. Broken ribs, remember. Or do you remember? That wasn’t a dream, was it?”
She laughed as she opened her jacket and slid it down her long curvy body. Her pale skin flushed and then brightened, turning crimson to match her hair.
He gasped. “What the fuck?”
“Don’t worry. Only another of our kind can see our true form. Everyone else sees us as human. Oh, I suppose there are a few who can see through the illusion, but as half human, you will appear human to all but the strongest unless you are in the act.”
“Holy fuck,” he cursed, trying to figure out if he was awake or not.
She sprang at him, landing over his hips, sliding her slick heat over his engorged cock.
“I’m going to give you a crash course in healing faster. That means you get me off, or I get off using you, and you will heal. The more pleasure I get, the better you’ll feel. I promise, I’ll make it worth your while. You’ll get yours too.”
Jordan’s head fell back as he closed his eyes. None of this made a damned bit of sense. “Before you start using me, what the fuck is your name?”
“Leanan. Now shut up, and get me off.”
His eyes snapped open as he looked up at her. “You want to let me up? You are on top of me.” He did not liking being ordered around.
Her brow cocked as her arms crossed under her chest. “I suggest you start experimenting with what makes me feel good. You need to learn to read your partner if you’re ever going to be stable.”
“Stable? What the fuck are you talking about now?”
She sighed. “You need to learn to pleasure the women you fuck. Truly pleasure them, or you’re going to die. Their pleasure is your biggest form of sustenance. So get to pleasuring.”

* * * *

The more Sorcha told her, the more questions Roxy had. There was nothing to give her a reference for his actual age. Nothing to tell her where exactly he grew up. Nothing but the last ten years or so of his life. Sorcha only gave her general facts which stayed away from anything in further in his past.
The door opened, and as much as she wanted to be mad, she was happy to have him home. She craved his warmth, his nearness, his touch. Her gaze locked with Trevor’s and all the irritation at not knowing a single solid detail slid into obvlivion.
Trevor smiled back as he closed the distance. “Hey, sleepyhead,” he greeted.
Without thinking, she stood and met him halfway. His mouth descended on hers, his tongue sliding against hers as everything fell away. His hands wrapped around her, pulling her closer.
“Should we leave?” Joey asked with a boisterous laugh.
Roxy pulled away, ducking her gaze. She wasn’t used to making out with anyone in front of others, yet she couldn’t seem to stop herself with Trevor.
“Sorry,” Roxy uttered, staring off in the emptiest corner of the condo.
Trevor squeezed her tight before setting her back. “Hungry?”
“Yeah, actually, I am.”
“Good. I’ll make us dinner. Do you mind if Sorcha and Joey stay?”
“Sure, that’s fine.” Sort of. She wanted to talk to Trevor, but wasn’t sure what to ask. She wanted him to trust her with everything, but had the feeling he was holding something back. They were so new she understood, to a degree.
He frowned as he took a step back. “What’s wrong? What is it?”
Roxy shook her head. “Nothing.”
His eyes narrowed but he let it go for the moment. “All right.”
Sorcha pulled her back to the couch, to chatter about whose story she was working on next.
Chapter 18


William seethed as he dropped into his chair. His mate sat across the room, glaring back him. They had been fighting over their method of travel for weeks. Their arguments ended with blood and bruises that faded all too quickly.
Like an ice queen, Kathryn sat there with her white hair falling around her long flowing white dress. Her dazzling silver eyes pierced through him. Her voice left a chill in the air. “We should take a ship. It’s so much safer than a plane.”
“You lost your chance for a ship when you started this argument, Kathryn. We are out of time. Your favorite pet and her mate are about to wreck my chances of making things right with my daughter.”
“Fiona is a waste of time. She loathes the very air you breathe.”
“No, not Fiona. You do remember Evelyn Nightshade, don’t you?”
“The woman who left you when she caught you with your true mate?” Kathryn laughed coldly. “I’ll never forget the storm she caused when she tore through your house, shredding every last possession.”
“Aye, her,” he growled. Evelyn had been the most passionate woman he had ever had the pleasure of knowing. If it hadn’t been for his mate bond to Kathryn, he would have kept her forever.
“What about her?”
“She’s dead and gone, but my children lived.”
Kathryn shot to her feet, storming toward him. “Why do you insist on spawning these brats? How many have you produced, none of which who’ve shared even an ounce of your power?”
His gaze turned steely. “Eventually I will succeed in growing our pack with more like us.” What he really meant was more like him. He needed someone who thought things through before acting. And what he learned about his daughter was promising. Michael Nights inherited no power from either of his parents. However, Roxana Nights had untapped potential according to one of his sources. He only wished he could have found them when they were still children. Perhaps Michael could have developed talent as well.
Kathryn’s eyes sparkled in evil humor. “And what makes you think your precious whore said a single kind word about you to them? She was pregnant when she walked out on you. She obviously didn’t value your skill in fatherhood.”
“That doesn’t mean I can’t persuade her. As long as we get there soon, we can help her see how much stronger she could be if we train her.”
Kathryn’s eyes narrowed. “No planes.”
“Too late, we’re already booked, my love.” His lips twisted into a show of regret. “If we don’t move now, her mate will keep her from us.”
She blinked slowly. “Don’t tell me your little snot nosed brat fell for the one man who hates you worse than your own daughter.”
“They are mated. Which makes going to them all the more important. We only have a short window of time.”
“Very well. Just remember, I don’t expect your plan to work.” With that she left the room.
Kathryn had every right to doubt. They nearly had Fiona convinced centuries ago, but love made her turn her back. Later she attempted to kill Kathryn with the very magic William had taught her.
Fiona somehow managed to sever the tie Kathryn had to her own magic. His mate now required blood rituals to keep her beast, and to have access to any magic, but it paled in comparison to what she once wielded.
Through their mate bond, his power had also been corrupted, though not severed. William also performed the blood rituals to keep from losing all of his own power.
He called Dina for an update. She answered quickly. “Yes, William?”
“What have you found out about Roxana Nights?”
Dina took a deep breath, and tried not to scream. “I want to kill the bitch. Trevor would suffer so much more. Isn’t that what you want?”
William slammed his hand into the desk. “You will not kill her. We need her.”
“Why?” she asked defiantly
His smile turned cruel as he plotted Roxana’s fate. “Tomorrow is the full moon. After they leave, and they always leave early, find a way to snatch her. I want you to take her to wherever Trevor’s clan is heading, and I want you to infect her when he’s close enough to get there, but not fast enough to stop you. You need to be smart though, Dina. You need to leave before he has a chance to find you. You aren’t strong enough to stand against Trevor and his clan.”
“Fuck you, William. I’ll do it, but only because I have a feeling Trevor hasn’t told her.”
“I can influence her better after the change. She’ll have no choice but to accept my offer. Fiona will only ever offer to show her what she deems fair and just. I can give Roxana all the power in the world in exchange for her obedience.”
“Fine, tomorrow I’ll do it. I’m going to enjoy breaking that bitch. I want to watch what it does to Trevor.”
“Don’t be caught, and don’t do anything that won’t heal,” he warned. “Roxana is my daughter, and she will become a part of this pack. Do I make myself clear?”
“As glass,” she hung up. William couldn’t wait to see what his youngest daughter was capable of. Perhaps something good would finally come of his life’s work.

* * * *

Trevor locked the door after Joey and Sorcha left. He turned back to where she sat on the couch. “Now that I have you all to myself, what would you like to do?”
“Talk, but I think I could be persuaded to massage your back for a kiss.”
He stalked toward her, pulling his shirt off as he went. He dropped it on the coffee table as he sank down in front of her and took a slow kiss before turning to face away from her.
Looking over his shoulder at her, he offered, “I’ll reciprocate.”
She laughed, low and seductive. “Oh, Trevor, you already spoil me.”
“No more than you deserve.”
Rolling her eyes, she shifted to kneel behind him. She started at his neck and worked her way across his broad shoulders. Roxy found a knot with her thumbs and dug in to work it out.
“Harder,” he groaned. “You won’t break me,” he teased.
With a giggle, she pressed harder, using her knuckles and strength.
“That’s so good.” His head rolled forward. “Where’d you learn to do that?”
“My mom was a massage therapist. She taught me a few things.”
“Where is she?”
“Gone. She passed away a few years ago. It was cancer.” Her eyes closed as she held back the pain. Her mom decided it was her time, and she didn’t allow anyone to treat her.
“I’m sorry,” he looked back at her. “What about your father?”
Anger bubbled up. Squeezing her eyes shut, she took a deep breath before answering. “Don’t know. Don’t care. Asshole cheated on my mom when she was pregnant with me, so my mom walked out. We never heard from him again.”
Trevor turned, catching her hands and kissed each. “You’ve not had a good example of what a real man will do for his woman, have you?”
“No, I suppose not,” she answered, staring into his eyes. It was getting harder to hang on to her doubt. But, before she could let it all go, she had questions that needed answers.
She took a deep breath and tackled the biggest. “I need you to promise not to blame Sorcha,” she warned.
His eyes narrowed, but he nodded. “Done.”
Taking a leap of faith, she started. “I want to know why you felt it was a good idea to not tell me about your birthday tomorrow. The answer is important.”
He let out a breath, his expression softening. “You were already upset about my trip. I didn’t want you to think my birthday was connected to the hunting. It’s not. I don’t want to go, but I can’t get out of it.”
She smiled weakly, but didn’t say a word.
“Besides, the only thing I want for my birthday, I have.”
“What’s that?” she asked softly.
“You. You’re the very best of everything I could ask for. I don’t want anything else. So there was no reason for you to feel like you need to get me a gift beyond you being here with me.”
She melted right there. “Okay, I get that. One more question. Why don’t you like your birthday?”
He whispered, “My sister died on my birthday.”
“Oh, Trevor. I’m sorry I asked.”
“Don’t be. You needed to know. It was years ago, and I found someone who wipes the pain away.”
She leaned back against the arm of the couch. “You don’t look like the pain is gone.”
“It’s momentary, and not nearly as crushing with you in front of me, reminding me there are some very good reasons to embrace life.” More questions sprouted, but she swept them back. He was too melancholy to delve deeper. She couldn’t blame him for wanting to forget his birthday after his admission.
“Come back here,” she ordered, settling back against the armrest in an upright position. “I wasn’t done with your back.”
“I can’t have a turn?” he asked softly.
“Not yet.”
He turned around, leaning back against her. She went back to work on his shoulders and sides.
“Tell me how to prove to you I won’t hurt you, Roxy,” he implored.
“Keep doing what you’re doing, Trevor. You’re putting my fears aside. I need honesty, and…” she trailed off with a sigh. “It’s too soon to ask.”
As if he read her mind, he answered, “You already have my love. It might be too soon, but I swear to you I’ve fallen deeper than I knew possible. I don’t care how fast it is. It’s right.”
“I can say the same.”
Chapter 19


Trevor’s warm embrace was home. Roxy opened her eyes to find him still sleeping peacefully, holding her close. Never had she felt so cherished.
An idea popped into her head. It was his birthday, and she could do something for him. She didn’t have to buy him anything, but maybe she could give him a few good memories to dull the pain that went with his birthday.
Moving down his body, she pressed kisses along his torso. Trevor let out a sigh, but didn’t wake. She settled between his thighs and licked his half-erect length. A sleepy moan rumbled from his lips as her hand wrapped around his base to angle him.
She explored his blunt tip with her tongue before tracing the ridge of his crown. His taste was heady, arousing her in ways that surprised her. Her mouth closed over him as she sucked him deep.
“Roxy,” he murmured, “oh, god, Roxy come here.”
Looking up at him, she stopped for a second. “I’m not done yet. It’s my turn to taste you.”
He opened his mouth to argue and she arched one brow as she took as much of him into her mouth as she could. Trevor let out a ragged moan. She took great pleasure in his response.
“Please, need you now, love,” he groaned.
She didn’t stop, couldn’t. His sounds were driving her crazy, pushing her further. Running her nails over his balls, she pulled him as deep as she could.
His fingers threaded into her hair. “I’m close, come here,” he begged.
She growled, “No,” and went right back to wringing every ounce of pleasure she could from Trevor.
His moan rumbled through her as he found his release. Once he stilled, she climbed back up his body to curl against him.
“God, Roxy. You should have stopped.”
Frowning, she sat up. “You can’t tell me you didn’t enjoy that. I still have your taste in my mouth.”
“Oh, I did, A Chroí.” He pulled her back down, and wrapped her in his arms.
His phone buzzed, and he groaned as he reached back to grab it. “Oh great,” he griped. “Everyone will be here in ten. We don’t have time for me to repay your outstanding wakeup call.” He stole a quick kiss before rolling from the bed.
“Shower with me?” she asked as she climbed to her feet.
“Aye, that we can do, though I need more than ten minutes for what I want.” He sighed. “I’ll make time before I leave tonight.”
“Why do you sound as if you have the whole day planned?”
“After you fell asleep, I got a text. I couldn’t go right back to sleep, so I did a little research. What do you think about exploring Vashon?”
She smiled as he turned on the shower. The bathroom was far too elaborate, done in marble. She moved behind him, running her fingers over the snout of the dark wolf tattooed on his back.
He shivered under her touch. “Mmm, that feels good.”
“So do you, but get in the shower, birthday boy.”
He spun around and caught her at the waist to pull her into the shower with him. “Is that what prompted this morning?” he asked with a cocked brow.
“What? Am I not supposed to want to go down on you? ‘Cause I have news for you. I thoroughly enjoyed getting you off.”
He chuckled. “I suppose that’s fair. I do love making you come.”
“Well, we have plenty of time for more, later. It’s not my fault you didn’t tell your friends to wait until a reasonable hour to show up.”
“Damn, I wish I had thought of that.” He honestly pouted.
“Too late now.”

* * * *

Trevor hurried to wash and rinse off. Being that close to her wet and naked wasn’t helping his desire in the slightest. Not to mention her cherry blossoms in the rain scent was thick in the air.
He stepped onto the mat and grabbed a towel. “I’ll keep them all from busting into our room before you’re ready.”
She groaned, her eyes turning up to the ceiling. “I won’t be long.” With that, she tipped her head back to wash out the shampoo.
It took every ounce of will he possessed to walk from the bathroom. He dressed himself in jeans and a t-shirt. From there he moved to the kitchen and started coffee. He needed to stay busy, otherwise, he was going back in there to make love to her, and damn his clan.
Roxy came out a few minutes later and found him leaning against the counter. She sauntered over with a smile. “Why the frown?”
He grumbled, “I want to call them and tell them not to bother. If I thought it would stop them, I would have done it already.”
Her laugh was light, and he had to smile at the sound.
Then Sorcha burst through the door singing “Happy Birthday” at the top of her lungs. Everyone else followed.
Roxy leaned into him, singing as well. And after they were done she whispered in his ear. “To new, happier, memories for your birthday.”
“Mmm.” He took a quick taste of her mouth. “With you, that’s guaranteed. I wish I wasn’t going anywhere tonight.”
“It is what it is.” She gave him a beautiful smile and he pulled her closer.
Shane interrupted with, “We brought breakfast.”

* * * *

Once Roxy pushed her plate away, Sorcha bounced up. “Come on, Rox. Let’s ditch these guys. They can meet us at the Jitterhouse after they finish.”
Roxy turned to Trevor who gave her a nod, his mouth quirking up in a happy smile. “We won’t be far behind. Go on, love.”
She shivered at the endearment. There was no doubt in her mind that he meant it, and she felt the same. That didn’t mean she was ready to admit it. It was so fast, and she didn’t understand how she could have developed real feelings so quickly.
“You sure?” Roxy asked softly, not really wanting to leave Trevor’s side. That in itself was a little scary, but it didn’t deter her from wanting him.
“Go on. I won’t be long,” he promised with a soft kiss.
“All right.” She stood and Sorcha immediately grabbed her arm, pulling her out the door.
“Won’t kill you to spend ten minutes away from your man. Sheesh,” Sorcha teased.
“I’m coming, aren’t I?” Roxy quipped.
“Reluctantly.” One of Sorcha’s scarlet brows arched in challenge.
“Yeah, well if you all didn’t show up at the ass crack of dawn, I would be busy giving Trevor a few extra happy birthday memories.”
“Oh,” she frowned, turning to Roxy with a pout. “I hadn’t thought of that.”
Roxy lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “Yes, well, it’s okay. I’ll have the rest of the morning, and part of the afternoon to do what I want.”
“You’re trying to replace his old memories?” The question was more curious than anything.
“The past is important. I don’t want to wipe out what happened, but I want to give him a reason to enjoy future birthdays.”
“Damn, he got lucky. Hot, talented and smart.” Sorcha giggled. “I swear, I was wondering if Trevor was ever going to find a mate. Until you, I don’t think I’ve ever seen him look at a woman and really see her.”
“Oh, was he a man-whore?” Roxy blurted out, suppressing a wince.
“No, not at all.” Sorcha rubbed her chin. “Didn’t mean to give that impression. I mean he wasn’t celibate. However, he needs some level of trust before he takes a woman to bed. Not that I’ve seen it happen more than a handful of times in the years I’ve known him.”
Roxy could live with that. She had only been with a handful of men, and none of them important after Jordan. Turning down the street to the cafe, she said, “Good. He’s been amazing, and I can’t see him being that kind of jerk.”
“Oh, he’s not at all,” Sorcha answered.
They stepped into the Jitterhouse. Sorcha took in her surroundings, a grin spreading on her face.
The radio was tuned to 107.7 The End. Skylar sat at the counter reading a book, one of Roxy’s books, probably for the hundredth time.
Sorcha’s eyes narrowed at Skylar and her head cocked. “Trevor said you and the barista are close. Does she always read your books?”
Roxy snorted. “Not always. She loves as many authors as I do. I do seem to be on her read-on-repeat list though.”
“Can’t say I blame her.” Sorcha grinned. She hurried over to the counter. “Don’t you love Armand?”
“Oh my god, yes. I want to ride him like a rollercoaster.”
Roxy complained. “Okay, before you go getting hot and bothered about the men in my head, can I get my espresso on ice?”
Sorcha pouted. “Really? You don’t get off on writing these studs of yours?”
“What I do while I’m writing is top secret.” She was blushing.
“Ooh, a dirty girl,” Sorcha snickered. “I knew I loved you for a reason.”
“You should see her Tumblr feed,” Skylar added.
Roxy crossed her arms over her chest and narrowed her eyes. “Seriously, can we get to the coffee making?”
“I think I need to see this Tumblr feed,” Sorcha winked.
“What? Joey not enough to keep you satisfied?”
“Oh, he’s got that covered, but window shopping never hurt no one,” Sorcha retorted.
Sighing heavily, Roxy pulled out her phone and brought up the feed. She handed it over and Sorcha’s eyes bugged out.
“For the record? I rarely look at it. Usually only when I’m checking to make sure my blog posted to it.”
“Mmhmm,” Skylar murmured. “Or when you’re desperately looking for inspiration on some hot studly hero.”
“Yeah, well I have plenty of that in Trevor, so I doubt Tumblr will keep my interest much.”
“I don’t know, Rox. These pictures and gifs? Damn, I want to go find Joey.”
Skylar pushed the Americano on ice over and looked longingly at Roxy’s phone still in Sorcha’s hand. “Mmm, yeah, I love Tyler and all that. I still want to look at hot sexy men.”
Roxy swiped her phone and cleared the screen. “What do you drink Sorcha?”
“Irish Cream Mocha.”
“Right on,” Skylar acknowledged and went to work.

* * * *

Joey started to clear the table. He gave Trevor a grin. “Good thing we didn’t surprise her with your birthday.”
“Sorcha took care of that. I’m glad she did.”
“Good.” Shane told him. “I get the impression she won’t appreciate lies. So be careful if you’re waiting much longer to explain everything. She needs to know. Especially since Boyd and Dina seem to have targeted her.”
“How did you tell Siobhan? How did she understand?”
Siobhan leaned forward and caught his attention. “He shifted the night after I met him. Before I freaked out, he shifted back and talked to me for hours, and hours, answering every question I had.”
“And you didn’t freak?”
“A little at first. That’s to be expected. However, you’ve read her stories. I think, after the shock wears off, she’ll embrace it.”
Fiona joined the conversation with a soft but warm smile. “Her magic is bleeding through. Sometime tomorrow I should talk to her. Today, you should enjoy her before we have to go.”
Trevor grinned. “Oh, I intend to. I’m taking her to Vashon Island to get away from all of you, and to keep her away from everything else.”
Joey tapped his fingers on the table. “Are you sure she’ll be safe here? I know it’s safer than her place, but you know Dina and Boyd.”
“They’re on their own. I haven’t seen any sign of another wolf since we got here,” Trevor said.
“Neither have I,” Shane responded. “Doesn’t mean we shouldn’t be cautious. The city isn’t so huge it’s impossible to find someone, but it’s also too large to know everyone.”
“And don’t forget, there is no way to know where Boyd and Dina will go for their shift.”
Fiona shook her head. “They aren’t stupid enough to stay here in Seattle. They will leave the city.” There was still worry on Fiona’s face. “Your place is warded, Trevor. She’ll be safe here if she stays.”
“I don’t see any reason she won’t.” Trevor shrugged. “They haven’t found me yet, so she’s safest here.”

* * * *

Isadora strolled in with Toryn. Roxy shuddered as she snagged Sorcha’s arm and dragged her to a table. She lifted her hand in a wave, but didn’t think she could manage a kind word to Isa.
Sorcha whispered, “Have a problem with them?”
Roxy blushed. “Mostly with her. She’s fucking with Mikey’s heart. She doesn’t seem to understand my brother is head over heels in love with her. She’s banged half the damned male population in the Seattle area.”
“Funny, her friend can’t seem to keep his eyes off her.”
Roxy nibbled her bottom lip, her blush hotter. “Yeah, well I guarantee Toryn wants her.”
“And how would you know?” Sorcha squealed.
“Does it matter?” Roxy looked away.
“Ooh, now I have to know,” she whispered conspiratorially.
“I was with him one night. It wasn’t my name he was calling, and that’s all I’m going to say about it,” Roxy answered quietly.
“Oh, shit. That sucks.”
She shrugged. “He’s a good guy, and even if his mind was elsewhere, I owe my most satisfying night, up until Trevor, to Toryn. Something is holding him back from Isa, but I don’t know what. In a twisted way, it’s sort of romantic. He’s always there for her.”
“And you aren’t jealous?” Sorcha asked, shaking her head with wide eyes.
Swirling her straw, she met Sorcha’s gaze. “No. Toryn’s great, but he’s not for me. I knew going in that it was a onetime deal. He is a generous lover, but his heart belongs to Isa.”
“Do you often have one night trysts?”
“Nope. That was the first and last time. I can count the men I’ve been with on one hand.”
Sorcha’s brow arched. “Damn, as hot as you are, how do you fend off the men?”
“Believe it or not, they don’t all come on to me.” Then she frowned, tapping her fingernails on the table. “Or maybe I’m blind.” She met Sorcha’s gaze. “Is Trevor the jealous type?”
“He wouldn’t like it if someone pawed all over you, but he’s not going to try to rip anyone’s head off for taking notice of his beautiful girlfriend.”
Roxy snorted. “Girlfriend? It seems like so much more, but we haven’t had that talk.”
“Soulmates is much more apt,” Sorcha ventured.
Mikey dropped into the seat next to Roxy. “Thank god, I found you. Where the hell is Trevor? I thought you two were inseparable.” His eyes narrowed on her, a concerned frown on his face.
“He should be here any minute. Remember Sorcha?” she asked, directing Mikey’s attention to the ballsy redhead.
He glanced over and frowned. “Hi.” Mikey turned right back to Roxy. “You do realize that you have one ticked off bruiser after you, right? That asshole is searching everywhere.”
She huffed. “I’m not by myself. I haven’t run into him but I have every intention of avoiding a confrontation.”
“I’d feel better if you were with Trevor.”
Sorcha groaned. “Arm wrestle me, big man. Let’s see if you can take this little girl.”
Mikey snorted as he turned back with a wry grin. “Oh, I can take you.” He moved drinks out of the way and put his arm on the table.
Sorcha grabbed his hand and counted down. Then his knuckles were pinned to the table.
“Hmph, I wasn’t ready,” he insisted.
“All right, you count.” She put her arm back up with a sassy little smirk.
He counted down, and then he grunted, his face turning red as Sorcha easily held him there.
Then Joey roared with laughter as he stepped up to the table. “Oi, you’re not going to win this one, Mike. Sorcha, stop going easy on the lad.”
Her grin was full of mischief as she pushed. Mikey's hand met the table with a thump.
“Not so little, is she?” Roxy asked.
“Okay, okay. You’ve made your point.” Mikey gave Sorcha’s hand a shake and then turned to Roxy. “I have a bad feeling, Rox. Be careful okay? I love you.” He pulled her into a tight hug and kissed the top of her head before climbing out of the booth.
“You okay, man?” Trevor asked Mike with real concern.
“Yeah, think I’m coming down with something, so I’ll get out of here. Don’t want to make anyone sick.”
“Feel better,” Roxy called.
Mikey waved, and made his way out the door.
Skylar came over. “Since Roxy is horrible at introductions, Sorcha, would you do the honors?”
Sorcha took over and Trevor pulled Roxy aside. “I’m worried about tonight too. Please stay at my place, and don’t leave. You can invite someone over if it would make you more comfortable.”
She smiled. “Don’t worry, I’ll be there in the morning when you get back. I may even still be writing. I think it’s going to be one of those wrapped-in-a-blanket-with-cocoa type of nights. I’ll have my laptop in my lap, my fingers flying over the keyboard. Don’t worry. I’ll ignore the world while you’re gone.”
“Will you think of me?” he asked in a purring growl.
“Mmm, I think you may have inspired a whole new story to obsess over.”
His brow arched. “I can’t wait to read it.”
She took a deep breath. “Can we ditch them?” Her eyes skated over his clan.
“Aye, we’re set to go. You ready?”
“Let’s get out of here.”
Trevor lifted a hand to his friends. “See you this evening.”
“Later,” Roxy added before turning to drag Trevor away. Her only goal was to make his birthday memorable.
Chapter 20


Trevor helped Roxy out of his Land Cruiser. They were parked toward the front of the ferry so they would one of the first to depart. He felt a little guilty leaving their phones back at his house, but he didn’t want them to be interrupted.
“You sure you don’t want to stay in the vehicle?” he asked one more time.
There was a twinkle of mischief in her iridescent blue eyes. “If we stay, I won’t keep my hands to myself.”
He grinned back. “I don’t have a problem with that.”
She laughed, light and seductive. “I don’t think you want me to make love to you where someone could see us.”
He growled low in his voice. “No, I don’t want anyone’s eyes on you while I’m making love to you.”
“Don’t get all grumpy,” she warned with narrowed eyes and pursed lips. “You’re all mine. I don’t share.”
“I love it when you get riled up.”
“Come on. I like going to the upper deck.” She pulled him toward the stairs. “While we’re enjoying the fresh breeze and the scenery, you can tell me what we’re doing today.”
“For starters, it’s a surprise. Although, I assure you I have every intention of getting you back to my place in time to make love before I leave.”
“Didn’t get enough this morning?” she teased.
He pulled her closer. “Never, A Chroí.”
One corner of her mouth lifted as she climbed the stairs. “What does that mean?”
“My heart,” he answered. “You are my heart.”

* * * *

Dina stormed down the hallway. Roxy was gone. No one had been to her apartment for at least a day. Of course Trevor had been with her. William wanted that bitch changed, and she wanted to kill Roxy. A daughter, a fucking daughter!
“Maybe I can kill her instead. Say she couldn’t handle the change,” she snarled.
“Now, now, love. I know you want her blood, but William will not take it easy on you if you disobey him. Not even Kathryn could spare you from his wrath. This plan will hurt Trevor. Let that be enough.”
“We can’t very well change her if we can’t find her. You know that, right? We need to figure out where she is, but no one is talking. We need to find another way.”
“What about Jonathon. Send him fishing for answers. He can fake an American accent and he hasn’t been seen yet.”
Dina turned in her tracks to look at Boyd, who for the first time all week had come up with something brilliant. “Call him. Tell him who we are looking for and that he needs to do it without drawing attention to himself.”
She marched off to their new condo, directly across from Roxy’s place. William had bribed someone to bypass the red tape. They were moving in before the paperwork was even filed, thanks to her master’s deep pockets. Oh, how Dina wanted to bust down the door and tear her shit apart, but it was so heavily warded by Fiona she couldn’t get within three feet her entry.
“I’m looking forward to shredding that cunt.” She slammed her door shut.

* * * *

Mike fell onto the couch with a groan. “I don’t feel so well.”
“What’s wrong,” Jordan asked as he took a seat on the coffee table to get a better look at the man he considered his closest friend. His blue eyes looked dull, his skin pasty and damp. Mike’s hands clutched at his lower abdomen.
“Fucking hurts. Like someone’s stabbing me with a hot poker. I want to throw up, but haven’t eaten since yesterday, and the thought of food makes it worse.”
“We need to get you to the hospital, big man. Come on.” He stood up and held his hand out. “I’ll drive.”
“Don’t want to move. Just need a blanket,” he grumbled.
“Yeah, well your sister would kick my ass if I let you die here, and you don’t look so hot. Let’s go?” He thrust his hand out again.
Mikey moaned as he took it and hefted himself back to his feet. “Oh shit, I’m dizzy.”
“Yeah, you need the hospital,” Jordan grunted as Mike threw his arm around him and leaned heavily.
Jordan was still a little sore but Leanan had sped up the healing, or maybe it was him with all the ways he got her off. Surprisingly, he felt better than he had in ages. Now, he needed to start making up for being such an asshole.
“Why do you care? You’ve been a selfish bastard for so long, I forgot you had a shred of decency.” Mikey made a pained noise as he stumbled out of the house and down to Jordan’s beat up Subaru.
“You’re still my friend. Or have I fucked that up too?” he asked with a huff.
“Still my friend. I haven’t turned my back on you.”
Jordan got the door open and helped Mike into the passenger seat. He hurried around and climbed in. “When did you start getting sick?”
Mike shrugged. “Felt off all morning. The pain hit all at once.”
“I’m no doctor, but I think you’ve got appendicitis. Want me to call your sister?”
“No. She won’t talk to you. I don’t blame her either. That bullshit after the show? Yeah, I nearly kicked your ass. And then the very next day at the hospital. Whatever you said to her, she’s done.”
“I know,” Jordan’s tone was resigned. He didn’t bother looking over. “I deserve worse. I want to fix things with her, but I know it’s too late. I just hope… I hope I can get back to being her friend. I miss her. All of her.” He wiped at his eyes as he drove to Swedish Hospital.
Mike snorted, shaking his head. “Good luck. You’ve got your work cut out for you. I believe you mean it, but I’m not the one you treated like shit. She’s going to be a hell of a lot harder to convince. Plus, I’m pretty sure she’s falling for Trevor.”
“The guy from that band?”
“Yeah, the singer from Lunar Storm. He’s good to her too.” Mike sounded sympathetic, but unyielding.
“Good. She deserves the best.” His voice wavered, tears blurring his vision. He knew it was too late but that didn’t make it hurt any less. “I’ll do my best to show her my support.”
“God, I wish you could have figured that out ages ago. You two were good together once.”
“I was never good enough for her,” Jordan responded, knowing it was the truth. “Let’s get you taken care of. It’s the least I can do.”
Chapter 21


Rain was pouring down when Trevor parked his Land Cruiser behind his building. She only had half an hour before Joey would be there to pick up Trevor. It wasn’t nearly long enough as far as she was concerned.
Determined to make the most of their time, Roxy hopped out of the SUV before he had a chance to shut off the engine. She ran for the building. He caught up, and opened the door for her.
They raced up the stairs and he let them into his apartment. His hands caught her sweater and shirt, pulling them over her head while she still faced away from him. Then she was pulled firmly back against his chest, his mouth dancing over her sensitive neck where he’d kissed and teased her the whole ferry ride back.
Her fingers fumbled as she opened her jeans and started to slide them down her legs while kicking off her boots.
Trevor had dropped his pants and spun her, palming her ass, lifting her against him. Her legs wound around his waist as her back hit the door. With one powerful thrust he was buried inside.
Sensation washed over her. “Trevor,” she cried out as he started to move. It was so intense her teeth sank into his shoulder.
He growled, his rhythm hard and fast, sending her body into overload as pleasure built quickly. She dragged her nails down his back while her teeth clamped down.
“Fuck, yes. Harder, Roxy,” he growled, each thrust jolting the door in its frame, the wood shuddering behind her trembling body.
His fingers dug into her ass with bruising force, and she loved it. Peaking, her head fell back as she screamed out her release. His mouth found hers, swallowing her cries of passion as he erupted inside her.
He held her there, leaned up against the threshold, while they both tried to find their breath.
Joey’s roaring laugh made her jump in Trevor’s arms. Then the bastard started pounding, rattling the door at her back.
Trevor yelled, “Give us a damned minute.”
The laugher didn’t stop, but the knocking did.
Trevor set her down. His fingers tracing her face before delving into her hair and pulling her close for a sweet, heartfelt kiss. “I’m sorry, A Chroí,” he whispered against her lips.
Her heart squeezed tight as she fought back tears. It was too soon and she didn’t want to let him go. She gripped his neck, drawing him close as she deepened the kiss. When she finally pulled back, she drowned in his jade green eyes, and admitted, “I love you, Trevor. I do, with everything I am.”
“Roxy, you are my everything. Stay here and be safe?” he pleaded.
“I will. I’ll be right here when you come back,” she promised.
The laughter was gone, but there was a light rapping on the door. “Hurry up, lovebirds. We’re running out of daylight.”
Roxy sighed as she turned to dress. She could hear Trevor pulling his clothes on. As soon as she zipped up her pants, Trevor pulled her against his chest and unlocked the door.
Joey barged in with a wicked glance at Roxy and then an arched brow at Trevor. “The door? You had to bang her against the door? We could hear it echoing down the stairwell, my man.”
Sorcha followed on his heels. “Leave them alone. It’s new love, and we did interrupt their morning lovemaking.”
Roxy turned and caught Trevor’s face in her hands. “Be careful, and I’ll see you in the morning,” she promised. “I really do love you.”
“Love you too, Roxy. Stay inside.”
“I will.”
He closed his mouth over hers, stealing her breath as he drew her ever closer, wrapping her in his embrace.
“I’m not going anywhere, babe. Go on, and enjoy the rest of your birthday.” She gently pushed at him.
He stole one more kiss.
Joey groaned. “Gah, he’s going to drive me nuts, going on and on about how much he misses you. I can already hear the incessant whining. The sooner I can drop him back off with you, the better!”
Roxy swatted at Joey as she broke the kiss.
He rubbed his arm with a frown. “I was teasing.”
“Aww, you big baby,” Sorcha mocked. “Come on, we should go.”
“Bye,” Roxy waved.
Trevor squeezed her tight before letting go. “I can’t wait until I’m back in your arms.”
She melted as she shut the door and locked it. It was time to lose herself in her writing. Trevor inspired an entire book, and then some.

* * * *

Trevor paused, waiting to make sure she locked the door. Joey stopped, crossed his massive arms over his broad chest and stared at him. There was the click, and then the door itself locked. Satisfied, Trevor smiled grimly before turning down the hall.
Joey slapped him on the back and gave him a sympathetic smile. “You know she’ll be fine, right? I don’t think she’s going anywhere.”
“She’s planning to write. I bet she’ll forget to eat. Maybe we should bring her something yummy in the morning,” Sorcha grinned.
Trevor’s brow furrowed. “She better eat.”
Sorcha nudged Trevor. “Don’t stress so much. She’ll be fine. She’s a big girl.”
“I have a bad feeling about tonight,” Trevor answered quietly.
Joey snorted. “Trust me, you’ll feel that every time you have to leave Roxy for any stretch.”
”Agreed, but knowing that doesn’t make it easier.”
“You need to chill,” Joey insisted, going through the door to stomp down the stairs. “Your place is surrounded by wards. Boyd and Dina still haven’t found where we live thanks to Fiona’s magic. As far as those arseholes are concerned, she’s fallen off the face of the earth.”
“I fucking hope so.” The further Trevor got from Roxy the worse the worry became, and the more he wanted to run back to take her with him. If he wasn’t terrified she would run when she found out the truth, he would. He still hadn’t found the words to tell her about the beast lurking inside him.
Sorcha squeezed his shoulder. “Stop stressing. It’s not going to do you any good. You have no choice in this, unless you want to explain what’s about to happen. Considering the timing that’s pretty much a no go.”
“I know. I need to suck it up and deal.”

* * * *

Jordan paced the hall, listening to a ring tone for the hundredth time since he got Mike to the hospital. In an attempt to respect Roxy’s wishes to be left alone, he left exactly one voicemail on her phone, and a single text, but he had called Doug’s a dozen times.
Doug was at work, so it made sense, but he was about to throw his phone if Doug didn’t answer soon.
He finally picked up, clearly annoyed at the constant calls. “What’s got your panties in a wad, asshole?”
“Mike’s about to go into surgery. I can’t get a hold of Roxy. Yes, I know that’s my fault, but you need to call her.”
“Wait, what?” Doug stammered. “What’s wrong with Mike?”
“Appendicitis, but they’re about to take him back.”
“Is he okay?”
“Looks like hell. Nearly passed out on me. I got him to the hospital though, and I’m not going anywhere. Would you call Roxy? Maybe she’ll answer if it comes from you.”
“Yeah, if she doesn’t think it’s you with my phone again. Her place is on the way. I’ll stop by there if she doesn’t answer.”

* * * *

Roxy’s phone rang a plain tone, meaning it wasn’t someone she knew. She had a song programmed for everyone.
“Hello?” she finally answered.
“Oh, good. You found your phone. I was starting to feel like an arse for not bringing it this morning, but I was being selfish with your time.”
Her heart warmed at Trevor’s voice, and she laughed softly. “No need to be sorry. I’m glad you were. I had a wonderful day. I only hope your birthday winds up being all you hoped for.”
“Never better. I will admit to needing to hear your voice before we get too far out and I lose all signal. Don’t forget to eat. I left the address on the desk in case you want to order something, and the Wi-Fi info in case you want the internet. Everything you might need. There’s also food in the fridge.”
She groaned. “Don’t worry. I’m not going anywhere. You’ve drilled it into my head.”
“Then may your fingers fly as you write, A Chroí.”
Grinning, she nodded. “Good luck with hunting. I don’t know anything else to say, other than I love you.”
“I’ll see you before you know it. Good night.”
“Good night, Trevor.” She hung up with a smile on her face. She took a look at her phone and saw a missed call from Jordan, three from Doug, and she didn’t recognize the last. Oh well, they’d try back if it was important.
She settled back in the couch, laptop in her lap, and mouse on the coffee table as she started to write.
And then her phone rang again. With another number that wasn’t programmed, but this one looked familiar. Her heart sped up as she clicked talk. “Hello?”
“Roxana Nights?” a male asked.
She hesitated. “Yeah, that’s me.”
“Your brother, Michael Nights, is about to go into surgery. You’re listed as the emergency contact, and the young man who brought him in insisted you wouldn’t answer his call. He urged me to call you one last time.”
“Where?”
“Swedish Hospital—”
“I’ll be there.” She hung up, sat her laptop on the coffee table and yanked her boots on before she ran out the door and slammed it shut. After charging down the stairs, she took off for the hospital as fast as her legs would carry her.
The thundering of her heart echoed in her ears, her breathing harsh as a pain in her side flared up. Her imagination conjured images of Mikey disfigured or maimed.
Something slammed into her head, causing an explosion of agony. Cement filled her vision before it all went black.
Chapter 22


It felt good to slam the bat into Roxy’s head. Dina wanted to do it again, and again, until the bitch was dead. Unfortunately, William would kill her if she did, and worse he’d make her suffer first.
Boyd growled at her. “You’ll be ripping into her flesh soon enough, Dina. Watch it. She needs to be alive.”
“Fuck you, Boyd. Get her ass in the trunk,” she ordered as she marched over to the old Buick. She threw herself into the passenger seat and slammed the door shut.
“You’re a damned bitch,” Boyd muttered.
The pressure was building in her head. The anger swelling, pushing her sanity further and further away as Boyd climbed in and took off.
“You remember the plan?” he asked coldly.
“Yeah.” Her icy green eyes flashed toward him, narrowing. “You beat the shit out of her, I chew her a new one and leave her for her mate and his pack to find. I still hope she fucking dies when we’re done.”
“You kill her, and William will be livid. You do realize he will torture you for days, weeks even, if you fuck this up.”
“Yes, I realize that. Unfortunately his damn spells keep us from running. I’ve already learned that the hard fucking way.” They both had, right after Trevor threw William off the cliff. Kathryn had barely brought him back to life.
“You’ll get to hurt her, Dina. That has to be enough.” Boyd reminded her.
“Just drive. As soon as you’re on the freeway, I’m going to change.” Her smile was cold as she leaned forward in the seat, anticipation humming through her.

* * * *

The world bounced, sending Roxy rolling until she slammed into something hard. Her eyes snapped open and her wrists burned as she tried to grab her head, but she couldn’t move.
Rope dug into her skin, pulling her arms back at an awkward angle. Her feet were firmly bound the same way. Her head was throbbing, and her hair felt sticky and wet.
She managed to get one eye open, but the other was gunked shut. Not that she could see a damned thing in the dark. Then she heard the muffled voices, little snippets, only enough to catch the accents, but not the words. Her blood ran cold.
Trevor was right. She should have stayed put. Why didn’t I stay put?
The phone call came back to her. Someone at Swedish Hospital telling her Mikey was going into surgery.
Fuck, is he even at the hospital?
She was running, and then something hit her and she went down. Now she was hogtied, most likely in a trunk, or so she assumed by the sounds of the road and constant movement.
Who are they? The fucking Scottish mafia?
Trying to move hurt. Her face stung around her eye, there was a split in her lip, and she could hardly feel her hands or feet for the rope being so tight. She tried to shift her weight, and the whole world spun wildly, making her already pounding head thunder.
Roxy tried to slow her breathing and think for a moment. She attempted to turn her wrist, but that burned and she got nowhere. Her stomach rolled as dizziness washed over her.
Tears burned her eyes. All she could think of was Trevor and how disappointed he would be in her. It wasn’t rational, and she knew it somewhere in her head, but it was easier to focus on him than her rising panic.
Then everything tilted and she rolled again, slamming into the back of the trunk. Her vision swam, even in the black she could see waves of darkness with sparks of light.
Perfect, a concussion, she thought with a harsh laugh. A howl rent the air as the tires slipped on gravel before coming to an abrupt stop, sending her rolling again.
She heard Boyd’s harsh voice before another howl chilled her blood. Dogs scared the hell out of her, always had.
The trunk was thrown open and Boyd’s cruel smile greeted her. She fought back the whimper, refusing to show fear.
He reached in, grabbing her roughly, and hauled her from the trunk. Boyd threw her down, and moved over her as he pushed his sleeves back. She saw brass knuckles glinting in the fading sunlight.
“Do you have any idea why you’re here?” Pure evil shone in his eyes.
“You’re an asshole who likes to pick on people smaller than you?” At least her voice sounded strong.
He drew his foot back and slammed it into her ribs. She cried out, the air forced from her lungs as he straddled her waist and grabbed her hair, yanking roughly. “You think you’re funny?”
“Sometimes,” she managed to say.
He slammed her into the ground as a snarl pulled her attention. She looked over to see the biggest wolf she’d ever seen stalking her way. Its teeth were huge, the eyes so icy they were nearly white. She couldn’t get past the monstrous face.
“What the hell do you want?” There was a tremble of fear in her voice, but there was no hiding her terror. She couldn’t move, she couldn’t fight, and they were in the middle of nowhere.
“This is the only way to teach loverboy a lesson. Don’t worry, Dina won’t kill you, but I promise it’s going to hurt.”
Her anger returned with a vengeance. Roxy tore her eyes from the beast and glared up at Boyd. “Where is that bitch?”
His fist came down on her face and pain exploded.
Boyd cried out in pain when he grabbed her jaw and turned her gaze back to the thing that couldn’t possibly be a natural wolf. Then, strangely, let her go with a scream.
He took a shunted breath, and pointed to the wolf. “She’s right there, princess.”
“What the fuck?”
He leaned over, putting his mouth against her ear. “You heard me. That’s Dina.”
Then he stood as the beast circled. Roxy tried to catch her breath, but the chilled wind tore into her, making the pain worse. She was flipped over, and in seconds free of the rope.
Roxy pushed herself up and tried to run, but the wolf… beast… whatever the fuck that thing was, tackled her to the ground, its teeth embedding into her arm, ripping flesh as it growled. Then it yelped, as it backed off.
Roxy tried to crawl away, but those monstrous jaws clamped down on her thigh, tearing a chunk of flesh as the beast dragged her.
She screamed out as she heard more howls in the distance. Then another crushing bite on her ribs before the beast howled in pain and backed away once more.
“Come on, Dina. That’s enough. William told you she needed to live.”
There was a snarl and then she heard Boyd, and… Dina walk away. Tears streamed down her face, as she tried to pull herself to the trees, but every movement sent another wave of agony through her.
Her skin felt like it was stretching and constricting, her blood was on fire, and her bones ached as though they wanted to snap out of place. The cover of trees was too far, she was losing too much blood, and it hurt too bad to keep going. She rolled to her side and curled into a ball as tears streamed down her face.
More howls were closing in. She was in too much pain to look. She hoped they would put her out of the agony that threatened to tear her apart. Only the end was left.

* * * *

Trevor felt momentary fear from Roxy as they made it to the mountains, but that faded moments later. Shane coaxed him into shifting and running with their pack. He hoped hunting would clear his head, but his gut twisted with fear.
An hour later he felt pain that wasn’t there and his head jerked in the opposite direction. He could feel Roxy getting closer. She was traveling fast.
Dina and Boyd.
His beast snarled as he ran faster. Joey and Sorcha were the first to turn and follow, but soon the rest of his pack sensed his urgency and were hot on his trail. He could feel every blow, every tear, every bite. Massive fist pounded into her body, sharp teeth tore at her flesh.
She’s going to change. She’s going to be a wolf.
Terror rolled through him. He was right back to ground zero. What if she wanted nothing to do with werewolves and the supernatural? Well, it was too late, she couldn’t go back. She was going to shift tonight. If she didn’t, she would die.
Faster, he ran and broke through the trees to see her lying on the gravel logging road. She was crumpled on her side, hugging herself tight as she whimpered in pain. The sound tore at his heart. Blood was pooled around her, making her death a very real possibility.
He ran to her, shifting back to his human form as he did. Falling to his knees beside her, he scooped her into his arms. She cried out, curling into him. He could hear Joey and Sorcha both.
He could smell the terror rolling off her in waves. “Back off, guys. She’s afraid of… of us.” His heart broke as he said it. “Roxana,” he whispered sweeping her hair out of her face. She was bruised, a deep gash above her swollen eye socket “Roxy, look at me.”
Her good eye cracked open and she sobbed. “Trevor? How?”
“It’s okay. I’m here. I need you to listen to me, A Chroí, I need you to follow your instinct and shift.”
Clearly in denial, her head jerked back and forth. “What do you mean shift. They don’t exist. This is a nightmare. Has to be. Not real,” she stammered.
Tears filled his eyes. “We’re real, Roxy. We’re real. It hurts because the curse is spreading through you. You’re one of us now. You need to shift though. You’re losing too much blood.”
“Werewolf?” she whispered, one eye wide, the other swollen shut. “You all are werewolves?”
He nodded. “Yes. Please trust me, Roxy. You need to shift. I can’t lose you. I won’t survive it.”
“I don’t know how, and it hurts. Fuck,” she croaked. “Hurts so bad, Trevor.”
“I know, but let your beast takeover. Stop fighting and let go. I’ll be right here with you. I won’t let you go.”
Her eyes darted away and she gasped. “Full fucking moon.”
“Remember, I told you I couldn’t get out of this trip? I wanted to tell you why, but I didn’t know how.”
She let out a strangled laugh. “Yeah, I can imagine.”
Trevor traced her cheek with his thumb. “I’m going to have to shift soon. I won’t be able to fight it much longer.”
“I’m scared,” she whimpered.
“Don’t be. I’m right here. You’ll heal, almost immediately. Please, Roxy, shift,” he begged.
Her eyes closed and she started to relax, but then her body jerked as the shift settled over her. Her whole body realigned, white fur flowing down her skin. In an effort to make her first shift easier, he tore at her clothes.
Her pained cry turned into an agonized canine whimper.
“I’m sorry, Roxy. I wish I’d known how to tell you before now,” he apologized.

* * * *

She had a million questions, yet could no longer speak a word. She rolled out of his lap and sat down to look into his Jade green eyes. His irises were surrounded by gold. Tears streamed down his face.
There was no need for forgiveness as reality settled in. She couldn’t imagine telling anyone any of this. At least the pain was gone, but she was starving.
Looking around, she found six other wolves in varying colors and sizes. Not wolves… but werewolves.
Holy shit, werewolves.
I’m a werewolf!
Her eyes moved back to Trevor who knelt in a puddle of her blood, completely nude. He’d been a wolf.
She shook her head in disbelief and her, “Oh shit,” came out as a howl.
“Don’t panic, A Chroí. I’m going to shift back, but I’m going to take my other form so I can talk you through. Okay?”
Her head bobbed, but she couldn’t figure out what the hell he was talking about.
The red wolf scooting on her belly toward her pulled her attention. Big amber eyes barely meeting Roxy’s as she made her way over. Roxy knew it was Sorcha, but she wasn’t sure how.
Tilting her head, Roxy lay down, whining. There was still pain, but it was fading. Sorcha nuzzled her face with her muzzle. Joey was right behind her, a giant gray wolf with nearly black eyes.
The rest of the wolves stayed back, watching her.
When her gaze drifted back to Trevor, she watched him stand, but as he did, dark fur flowed down his skin. His muscles rippled and she heard audible cracking of bones as he gained a foot and a half. Then she saw his face distorting to more wolfish. He was huge.
“Roxy, it’s me. Don’t be scared.”
Scared? No. Strangely comforted that his growling voice was familiar. He knelt in front of her, and she noticed how the fur thinned on his abs. He held out his hand to her and she butted it with her head.
“You’re okay?” he asked in awe.
Joey nudged Trevor, and Trevor gave him a deadly look.
Roxy wanted to shrug, or something. Anything. She didn’t know how to answer.
The last rays of the sun faded. Roxy took another look around, sounds coming to her that made her stomach growl. Smells that made her mouth water.
“Roxy, listen to me. You need to hunt. We’ll be with you. Soon after you eat, you’ll need to rest. At least this first time. Your wolf healed a lot of damage. You need to replenish yourself, then you’ll need to rest. Do you trust me?”
She dipped her head.
“Follow Sorcha. Let your wolf take control when it’s time. We’re right here with you.”
Sorcha bounced to her feet. Roxy looked over and stood as well. Sorcha and Joey flanked her as she ran into the woods.
Roxy could feel Trevor behind her. She let the sounds and scents of the forest pull her. A twig broke and her head snapped to the right.
She ran at full speed as the most delicious scent enveloped her. The wolf took control and she was only an observer as she took down a stag.

* * * *

Trevor followed as Roxy hunted. Without trying, she slipped into her primal-self better than he did for a long time after being infected. Then, instead of going for the easy prey, she let her senses seek out a stag, and a large one at that.
As a wolf, Roxy was a natural. She was graceful, fast, and perfect. Her fur was white with pale gray markings, her eyes the palest blue, like a husky’s. She was the most beautiful beast he’d ever laid eyes on, which was fitting because every other woman paled in comparison to her.
She dealt the killing blow with mercy. The stag fell dead before it knew she had closed the distance. Roxy never winced when she tore into the carcass, eating her fill
Satiated, she slumped to her full belly, her head lolling to the side as her beast fell asleep.
Trevor moved in with soft growling words. “They can’t have gone far, but tonight we protect Roxy. I won’t leave her side.”
He picked Roxy up and carried her back toward the cars. There was a small clearing in the center of Douglas Firs growing in a perfect circle with a ring of boulders in the middle. He carried her into the grassy area and sat with her in his lap, thankful she was alive, even as she slept safely.
Sorcha curled up beside Trevor to keep watch on Roxy. Joey ran off into the woods, probably to hunt for them. He knew the rest of his clan would stay close this night.
Chapter 23


The bumps in the road jostled her against his warm heat. She could smell clean male scent, fur, and forest.
It was the quiet conversation which pulled her from a deep sleep, and brought the previous night into focus.
“She’ll be fine, Trev. Give her a chance,” Sorcha reassured.
Trevor let out a heavy sigh. “I wish I could go back and tell her everything before any of this happened. I never wanted this.”
“No shit,” Joey groaned. “Look, we need to find out how they got to her. I’m sure there’s a reasonable explanation.”
Roxy opened her eyes to find Trevor watching her wearily. His scent was laced with a tangy, pungent smell. She knew he was afraid, it was in his expression.
Thoughts spiraled around her head in a windstorm. She felt like she should be pissed, but she wasn’t. She didn’t know how the hell she would try to explain it to someone.
She cleared her throat, her eyes on Trevor. “I need a phone. Mikey… he’s in the hospital. Maybe. Shit, I don’t know, but I got a call that he was in surgery, and I ran out the door without even thinking.”
“Shit, Roxy, I’m sorry.” Trevor pulled his phone from his pocket and handed it to her.
She swallowed hard, and called Mike’s number. Doug answered on the first ring, “Where the fuck were you?”
Her eyes slammed shut as she took a slow breath to sort her thoughts.
Trevor growled low in his throat.
Roxy looked up at him with narrowed eyes before lying through her teeth, “Writing, all night. I had the phone off. What the hell happened?”
“The guy at the desk said you answered the phone.”
“What guy?” she asked tightly.
“Nurse or something. Look, whatever. Mikey’s sleeping, but you had us all worried when I went by your house and you weren’t there.”
“I stayed at Trevor’s but I’ve been writing all night. You know how I get. I zoned out, and got lost in the story. I feel horrible. How is he? What happened?”
Doug let out a breath. “He’s good. He was worried when I told him we couldn’t get in touch with you. Skylar didn’t know where you were. Neither did Jason. We all sort of freaked.”
“I’ll come down there in an hour or so. I need a shower, but I want to know what the hell happened.”
“Appendicitis. It nearly burst. They rushed him in. He’s okay, and he’ll be doing better when he knows you’re all right. I was getting worried, and Jordan’s a fucking mess over you disappearing.”
Roxy scooted out of Trevor’s lap and hugged her legs to her chest. She felt like hell for scaring everyone, but it wasn’t like she could do a whole lot about it now.
“Tell him I’ll be there soon, and I’m sorry.”
Doug sighed. “You know he can’t stay mad at you. Get here when you can. He’ll feel better if he sees you.”
“Tell him I’ll bring his favorite coffee.” She hung up and handed the phone back to Trevor.
“Appendicitis. They were all freaked out when they couldn’t find me.” She slammed her hand into the seat and threw her head back. “Fuck!” she screamed.
Trevor scooted to her, taking her face in his hands. “I’m sorry, Roxy. So sorry. I should have brought your phone yesterday. I shouldn’t have been so selfish. You would have known and then you could have been there with him instead of hiding away. I’m so…”
She covered his mouth with her hand. “Don’t. This isn’t your fault. I’m fine.” She frowned, running her hand over her thigh where she knew a chunk of her flesh had been ripped from her, then her side as her breath came in great gasps. She brushed her hand over her arm where that bitch, Dina, had tried to rip it off. Her laugh was wobbly. “I’m fine, we’re fine. I have questions, but right now, I’m more worried about Mikey. I wasn’t there for him, and he’s always been there for me when something happens. I’m the worst fucking sister in the world.”
“No. I’m an arsehole who kept you away from him all day yesterday because I…” Trevor would have kept going but she clamped a hand over his mouth.
“For the love of god. You’re not to blame! It’s a mess, but it’s okay. We’ll figure it out, but stop with that bullshit.”
Sorcha giggled, her tone sing-song. “Told you she wouldn’t freak over the werewolf thing.”
Roxy swiveled toward Sorcha. “I wouldn’t go that far. I’m still in shock and only woke up like a minute ago. Give me time, I may still freak.”
“Nah, you’ll be fine. You managed to get through last night and your first thought was about your brother. You’re telling Trevor to stop worrying, and you are perfectly rational.”
“Yeah, well I haven’t gotten to the thinking about a giant canine ripping chunks of flesh from my body.” She looked down, noticing the shredded jeans and the Social Distortion shirt. Her brow arched. “Your clothes?”
“Couldn’t have you running around naked, and we all keep extra clothes around. Sometimes you shift before you have time to strip.”
“Right.” Roxy turned to Trevor. “So werewolves are real?” She half-laughed. “What else?”
He smiled weakly. “All that stuff you write, it’s real. Not with those names, but you obviously see things even if you don’t believe it. And you, you aren’t just a werewolf, Roxy. Fiona can better explain. You’re like her now.”
Roxy snorted. “What do you mean I’m like her?”
“She’s a druid, was, now she’s something… different. Her magic is different than it once was, but it’s still powerful.”
Her mouth fell open as she stared at him. She tried to come up with some rational argument. Any argument really. The more she thought about it, the more she knew it to be true. Too many weird little things over the years. She would shock someone when she was angry, the ground sometimes rumbled. Occasionally plants would seem to respond to her.
“Shit,” she whispered.
“Hate me now?”
Blinking, she shook her head. “Should I?”
He brushed his lips over hers in a gentle kiss. “No, but I wouldn’t blame you if you did. I wasn’t honest with you. You were attacked because of me. It’s my fault they hurt you.”
The memories of the beast tearing into her slammed into Roxy all over again. She took a shaky breath and shoved them aside as she met his gaze with fierce sincerity. “You didn’t hurt me. You brought me through it. Something tells me you’ll answer any questions I have now. I get why you didn’t explain it before. I’m not sure I would have believed without seeing it.”
He opened his mouth like he was going to argue.
Her eyes narrowed, and she started with the most important question. “Do you love me?”
“He nodded, his expression softening as he pulled her closer. You are my everything, A Chroí. I would do anything for you.”
“Then don’t argue. Not about this.”
A little smile lifted one side of his mouth. “Okay.”
“Will you go with me to see Mikey? I’m going to need to change, but we can get some coffee and bring him one. I need to see him.”
“As soon as we get you home and showered, we’ll go.”
She had a sinking feeling. “Not my place though, right? You didn’t want me there for a reason. Dare I even ask?”
Trevor swept her hair behind her ear and leaned his forehead against hers. “We’ll figure that out. Dina and Boyd moved in to the condo across from yours. Fiona made it so they can’t enter your place. Everything is safe there.”
“Except me,” she noted.
“We’ll take care of them. Especially after what they did.”
Roxy nodded, closing her eyes. “I thought I was going to die. How the hell am I whole after that?”
He brushed his thumb over her cheek. “We heal very fast. Faster when we shift. The moon was going to force your shift, no matter what.”
“Why were we all wolves, and you, you were something else?”
“I don’t know anyone who can do half-man the first time they shift. In fact, not everyone can do it. I needed to be able to talk you through, and I can’t do that as a wolf.”
She met his gaze, a smile forming on her lips. “I love you. You know that? You made last night easier. Knowing you were there kept me sane when nothing else could have.”
He leaned back. A frown spreading, his brow furrowing. “Hang on. There’s a lot you don’t know. Remember how I told you if I made love to you I wouldn’t let you go? I meant that, for more than a few reasons.”
“Yeah.” She grinned, tracing her fingers over his heart. “That only made me want you more.”
“What I feel for you goes deeper than love. I felt it from the second I caught your scent, and then I saw you and I knew. When we came together as one, it forged a bond which can’t be broken. It would tear me apart to lose you.”
Her smile faltered. “Are you saying that what you feel isn’t real? That it’s just metaphysical or biological, and it isn’t from the heart?”
“No, no, of course not. My love is very real. God, there are so many things I should have told you.” He slumped back, laying his head on the seat as he pushed his fingers through his hair. “I’m sorry, Roxy. This wasn’t how I wanted to you to find out.”
Roxy shifted to straddle his lap. “I figured out your flaw.”
He let out a tortured groan. “What’s that?”
She took his face in her hands, forcing him to look at her. “You blame yourself for things you can’t control. Stop it, Trevor. I’m in love with you, and you’re stuck with me.”
Hope filled his eyes. “Promise?”
“Mmm, I do. Now stop worrying about what we can’t change, and help me figure out my new reality.”
His arms wound around her, crushing her to him. “I will do everything in my power to do just that.”

* * * *

“Go talk to her,” Sorcha shoved at Trevor.
“She’s taking this too well. Do you think she’s mad?” Trevor speculated.
Joey groaned. “She was awfully frisky with you in the backseat. I don’t think she would be horny if she was mad.”
“I don’t know.” Sorcha smirked. “Trevor still has her mark from before we picked him up.”
His hand went to his shoulder, tracing the light imprint of teeth he knew was there. “At least now I can’t break her so easily.”
Joey slapped him on the back. “Exactly.”
Sorcha folded her arms over her chest, tapping her foot as her glare switched back and forth between Trevor and Joey. “Oi, that so? Us women aren’t going to break from a little hard loving.”
Trevor licked his lips, trying to push back a need that had been burning in him ever since she shifted back to human in his arms. His wolf was every bit as taken with her as he was. “You’re right. Look, can we meet up with you later? She needs to learn about us, but I don’t know how to tell her. Maybe it would be good for all of us to get together.”
“Sure, I’ll call with details,” Joey answered.
“Make sure Fiona is there. Please.”
“Will do.” Joey saluted and pulled Sorcha into the hall. Sorcha waved before shutting the door.
Trevor headed straight for the shower, dropping his clothes as he went. He stepped in behind Roxy, pulling her back against his chest. “How you doing?”
“Better with you here.”
“Really?”
“I could hear all of that. I’m not mad.” She turned around to face him. “Why would you think that?”
“Paranoid I guess.” He gave her a sad smile. “We have a lot to talk about. You don’t know half my past. And I’m kind of glad you didn’t ask my age, because I would have had to lie.”
One dark brow arched, humor danced in her sparkling blue eyes. “Do I want to know?”
“Is age a problem?” It was a serious question.
She chewed on her bottom lip as she leaned back against the wall. “How old are you, Trevor?”
He stared into her eyes, waiting for any response. When her expression didn’t change, he winced. “One hundred and forty-seven years old.”
Her eyes widened but her corners of her mouth lifted in a smile. “I can live with that. Just please tell me Joey is older so I can tease him.”
Relief flowed through Trevor. He smiled back. “Oh, he’s older. And Shane is his father. Fiona is the oldest.”
Roxy’s nose scrunched up. “Wait. Shane is Joey’s father? Does that make Sorcha’s twin her Mother-In-Law?”
“Try not to think about that too hard. It will give you a headache,” he teased.
“Yeah, banning the thought from my head as we speak. But I will be calling Joey ‘Gramps’ from here on out.”
Trevor laughed, pulling her to him. “One more thing.”
“Can it wait? I need you,” her voice was husky, her scent flaring to life.
He took a deep breath and nodded. Sooner or later he’d have to tell her the rest. Trevor hoped she would forgive him, but he couldn’t resist her any longer.

* * * *

As Roxy stepped outside of Trevor’s building, she was assaulted with an orchestra of sounds that were far too clear. Cars moving along the road, feet on pavement, conversations from across the street, and so many more. She leaned heavily against the wall and took a deep breath.
Scents rolled through her, things she could identify, but they were stronger and mingled. She rubbed at her nose.
As she blinked, Trevor moved into her line of sight.
“What the fuck?” she whispered as she stared. Trevor was, without a doubt, the most gorgeous man she’d ever seen, but she saw so much more detail now. Her breath caught as she noticed the slight scar hidden in his eyebrow, and the way his dimple deepened when he smiled.
He explained, “Your senses are heightened. They’ll be even stronger in wolf form. So take it slowly. You’re still you. Just stronger.”
“Stronger?” her brow arched.
“Yeah, stronger, love. I wouldn’t go arm wrestling your brother. He’d notice the difference.”
Her smile dropped off her face as she remembered him being in the hospital. “Right. Well, I won’t be doing that any time soon. I need to bring him some coffee.”
“Good plan. Come on. We’ll grab that and then head over. Later, before we go to Fiona’s, we might want to stop for breakfast.”
“What’s at Fiona’s? Not that I mind, but I am curious.”
He smiled softly. “I’m hoping she’ll have more answers for you.”
She started walking, thinking about all the things that were different now. “How did you cope when you became…” her eyes swept to him and then back to the ground, “what we are?”
He ran his fingers through his hair. “This is the part I should have told you sooner.” Trevor took a deep breath and reached for her hand. “I was married back when I was human. She died the day I was changed.”
Her eyes widened, and she squeezed his hand tighter. “How?”
“After too many miscarriages, she finally carried a baby to term, but they didn’t make it through the delivery.” A tear trailed down his cheek.
Roxy pulled him to a stop and caught his face to look him in the eye. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“It’s okay. It was a long time ago, but that’s something I should have told you.”
She wound her arms around his neck. “You can tell me anything, Trevor. I can’t imagine what you went through. I’m sorry.”
He put his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. “That night I was drowning my sorrows in mug after mug of ale. I lost track of time and reality. A woman came on to me. She looked so much like Caera, I thought I was dreaming. I could hardly see straight.”
He rubbed his hand over his face. “I was so drunk, and Dina lured me away from the tavern. Her Scottish accent came out when she tried to seduce me. I remembered my wife’s last words and I finally understood, but I couldn’t do it. I ran.”
Roxy’s head cocked in question, but she didn’t say a word.
“Caera told me, ‘My cousin will take my place. Open your heart to her.’ Dina was her cousin. Caera knew she was ill, and I suppose she thought she was helping, but I couldn’t let her go.”
“Oh, Trevor. I’m so sorry.”
“It was dark, and the whole world was spinning. I fell, hit my head, and when I came to, a wolf attacked me. Only it wasn’t a wolf. It was Dina.”
“That fucking bitch!” Roxy growled, “I’m going to kill that skank if it’s the last thing I do.”
That surprised a laugh out of him. “Oh, love, I don’t want you anywhere near her. She nearly took you from me. She will pay, but not at the risk of your life.”
“She nearly killed you first,” Roxy fired back.
He shook his head. “Not exactly. She didn’t do nearly as much damage to me as you, and it wasn’t on a full moon. She did it with every intention of claiming me as a mate.”
“That bitch was going to try to force mating?”
“It doesn’t exactly work like that. I don’t believe Dina could be my mate. Doesn’t matter now. She mated Boyd long ago.”
“And I’m mated to you,” Roxy finished with a bright smile. “You knew it would happen.”
“Yes, I knew. I knew I needed you from the second I saw you. Not only physically, but all of you. I’ve never felt that before.”
A question formed on her tongue, but she couldn’t bring herself to ask. She was afraid of the answer.
He responded as if he read her mind. “No. I loved Caera, don’t get me wrong. It was a different love, in a different time.” He smiled sadly. “You are my heart, my A Chroí. Now that I have you, I couldn’t live without you. It hurt to lose Caera, but we were never soulmates.”
She opened her mouth, but the words died on her tongue.
“You don’t need to say anything. It was over a century ago. I know this is all overwhelming, but I promise to answer any question you may have.”
“Did I mention that I love you?” she asked softly.
He smiled, pulling her close. “A few times, but I will never tire of hearing it on your lips.”
“I love you.” She leaned up and feathered a light kiss over his lips before pulling away. Roxy grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the Jitterhouse.
Chapter 24


Dina stood at the window of their new condo, staring at the street below, contemplating what she could do about Trevor. As she watched, he happened to walk down the street with his arm wrapped around that little bitch. A growl rumbled free as she got up to chase them down.
Boyd stepped in front of her, blocking her path. “If you go down there, you’re going to go against everything William told you. We are to wait for backup from the rest of the pack before engaging them. He wants that woman alive.”
“I want the bitch dead! She was never supposed to mate Trevor,” she snarled back
Boyd stepped into her body, forcing her back against the wall. “Doesn’t matter who she was meant for, you’re not meant for Trevor. You’re meant for me, in case you’ve forgotten who you are mated to.”
“You’re not worthy of me, you never were,” she answered coldly.
“Then why is it we fit so perfectly? We both want what we want and go after it. Our first priorities are always ourselves. That bastard you’ve pined over for more than a century has never once put himself first. What makes you think that either of you could ever be happy together?”
“He’s meant be mine. He always was. I saw him first.”
“Oh, Dina, you really are stupid. Mating is not about what you want, it’s about what is best for you. We are best for each other. That arse down there has never once cared for you, or about you. Why do you think he has always been so cold to you?”
These were all logical arguments she had heard time and time again. She still refused to believe it. When Trevor first looked into her eyes, he had whispered the words, “a ghrá,” and she knew she was the one meant to take Caera’s place in his heart.
She missed the letters from her cousin, the very same ones that made her fall in love with Trevor. The big, brooding romantic who did everything in his power to bring a smile to Caera’s face.
“You don’t understand, Boyd. You never did. I don’t want Trevor. I want to break him, like he broke me when he refused what was promised to me.”
Boyd tangled his fingers in her hair, pulling her head back. His eyes were cold and calculating. “You found him the night he lost his wife. Of course he wasn’t ready. That’s why you fell into my bed and became my mate, love. Not some arsehole who will never see you as he did your lovely cousin.”
“I don’t love him anymore, and I’ve never loved you,” she spat.
“No, but you can’t live without me. Or don’t you remember?”
She did remember. Neither one of them were capable of love, but they were incapable of walking away from one another.
“You’re right, we are both ruthless.” She kissed him hard and reached for his zipper. If she couldn’t hunt a little songbird, she could at least have some fun.

* * * *

Trevor felt Roxy’s whole body tense as she stepped through the coffee shop door. She looked up at him with wide terrified eyes as her breath caught.
“What do I tell her?” she whispered.
“Nothing.” He smiled back at her. “She won’t know anything is different if you don’t act different. Remember, you had good reason to be hiding out. So take a deep breath and order your brother’s coffee. You have a brilliant imagination. I’m sure you can come up with a cover story.”
“Right. I can do that.” She put on a bright smile, and walked over to the counter. “Hi Skylar.”
Skylar perked up, but a frown stretched across her face. “Where were you? I was starting to worry.”
She sighed. “I know. I’m an idiot. We got back late. I was so inspired I wrote, when we weren’t making love.”
Trevor pulled her closer, nuzzling her neck as he splayed his hands on her hips. He glanced up, meeting Skylar’s eyes. “I’m afraid I’ve been greedy with Roxy. It was my birthday and I couldn’t help but keep her all to myself.”
She licked her lips and nodded. “I can see, and it looks good on you both. Enough to make any girl jealous.” Sighing, she hooked her hair behind her ear. “Are you heading over to see Mike?” She slapped her hand over her mouth as her eyes opened wide. “Please tell me you heard what happened.”
“Yes, I heard, this morning unfortunately. I’m bringing him a coffee, so why don’t you hook me up with his too, and I’ll try to make up for being an awful sister.”
“Oh, please, when was the last time he was mad at you for more than like two minutes?”
“Never, but only because I have the best big brother in the world,” Roxy answered lightly.
Trevor squeezed Roxy tighter, guilt weighing in. Regardless of what she said, he knew most of this could have been avoided had he not been so hell-bent on evading all interruptions the day before.
Roxy turned her head, capturing his lips in a soft kiss. She looked deep into his eyes when she pulled back and gave him a single arched brow.
“Aww, you’re already communicating with a look. I don’t know if I should be jealous or sick,” Skylar teased.
Roxy rolled her eyes. “Jealous? You and Tyler have been doing it for years, long before you two finally hooked up. Which, by the way, was a long time in the making. So stop, Sky.”
“Fine, fine.” She sighed, finishing up the coffee. “Tell your brother I hope he feels better.”
“I will. Thank you.” Roxy gave her friend a hug and laid out a twenty. She grabbed their drinks.
Trevor grabbed his own. “You have a good day, Skylar.”
“Oh, are you two coming to Poetry Night tomorrow?” Skylar asked, her green eyes twinkling as she looked to Trevor. “She writes the most amazing poetry, and she usually reads.”
Roxy blushed, glancing away. “Up to him.”
“Oh, I say definitely. I wouldn’t miss Roxy’s words for the world.”
“Adorable.” Skylar fanned herself as she fell onto her stool with a dramatic sigh. “So fucking perfect. Aren’t you glad you snagged a good one?”
Roxy giggled. “Ecstatic. Bye, Sky.”
Skylar called out. “Happy belated birthday, Trevor.”
“Thank you.” He gave her a charming smile.
Once they were outside, Trevor looked to Roxy. “I told you that you’d be fine. You handled that beautifully.”
She smiled weakly. “Skylar can be oblivious. Mikey, he’s going to know.”
“Doubt it. You don’t look any different, Roxy. You need to relax. He’ll be happy you came to see him.”
“I hope you’re right.”
No amount of words was going to convince her.

* * * *

Jordan slumped into the seat in the corner of the room. Against Mike’s warning, he stayed put. He needed to apologize to Roxy for… everything, and give her the one thing she’d asked of him for years. It was all he could offer.
Mike looked over and asked, “You really done with the drugs this time?”
“Yes, definitely. Without a doubt. I found a better way to cope.”
“Leanan?” Mike’s eyes narrowed. “She enough to keep you from wrecking what Roxy and Trevor have?”
“Yes. I can only hurt Roxy. She needs better than I can give her. Don’t worry. I’ve figured a few things out. Like the fact I need to find myself before I can make anyone happy.”
His brows drew together. “What about Leanan?”
“It’s new, and she’s more like a therapist. She’s helping me sort my head out. I’m pretty sure she wants to help me, nothing more.”
Mikey shook his head. “I think I heard you say something grown up, again. Must be the drugs fucking with my head.”
Jordan snorted a laugh. “Hey, asshole, I can change. It’s about time.”
“Damn straight. Too bad it couldn’t be back when it might have made a difference.” Mike scrubbed a hand over his face. “I know Roxy says she’s fine, but I’m worried.”
Jordan nodded but then shook his head. “It’s my fault she fell off the face of the earth. I shouldn’t have…” he took a deep breath. “I shouldn’t have done a lot of things.”

* * * *

Roxy stopped outside of her brother’s room to listen to Mikey and Jordan’s conversation. She looked up at Trevor who frowned intently at the closed door. His previous question about taking Jordan back floated through her mind.
With a heavy sigh, she pushed her way inside. Trevor followed but gave her space. A musty scent followed him, and she realized it was doubt. She knew he was wondering about Jordan again, and she wanted to reassure him, but she knew words wouldn’t work.
“Hey, Rox. Please don’t kill Jordan. I think he may have grown a heart.” Mike sounded groggy and slurred. A sharp chemical scent lingered near him. His lids were heavy, and one hand was curled over his lower abdomen.
Guilt settled in, twisting her heart. She hated that she hadn’t been there for Mikey. A tear slipped free as Roxy set the drinks on the table. He took her hand.
“Sorry, Mikey. I should have had my phone. I should have known. I’m so sorry.”
“Awe, Sis, don’t cry. I’m fine. It was an appendicitis. Nothing major.” Mikey put on a big dopey smile and squeezed her hand.
She muttered. “That doesn’t make me feel any better. I completely disappeared.”
Roxy looked away, only to focus on Jordan who watched her in contemplation. His expression held resignation, defeat, and loss. One tiny little part of her wanted to pull him close and tell him it would be all right like she had so many times before.
There was one giant problem with that scenario. She finally understood that exact reaction was what kept Jordan from letting her go, giving him false hope. Maybe one day he would heal and they could mend their broken friendship, but she was done trying to fix it for him.
“I’m sorry,” Jordan’s words were soft but heartfelt. “For everything, Roxy.”
She wanted to ask, desperate to know what exactly he meant, but the words died on her tongue.
He dipped his head. “Don’t. You don’t have to say anything. I’ve been an ass. I know it. I’m trying to change.”
She opened her mouth to say something.
He held up his hand, and shook his head. “Wait, let me finish. Please. I need to say this.”
Roxy nodded, leaning back into Trevor who was tense, but gave her what support he could by wrapping his arms around her waist.
Jordan continued. “I’m changing for me. I need to be a better man. I’ll always cherish what we had, but I know I’m the one who fucked it all up. I don’t think I can ever make up for everything I’ve said and done. One day, maybe you’ll forgive me.”
With that he stood and walked out the door. Tears filled her eyes. She spent years wishing he would come to his senses, but that goodbye was so much more final than she ever expected.
“If it helps,” Mikey told her, “he’s seeing someone who honestly seems to be getting him on the right track.”
“Good,” she whispered, not trusting her own voice. “I hope it works out for him. He needs someone special.”
Trevor relaxed slightly.
Mikey yawned. “You should go. I appreciate you coming, and thank you for the coffee. I feel better now that I know you’re all right, but I’m tired.”
“You sure?”
He nodded. “I’m fine. The pain meds are kicking in, and I’m going to pass out on you. I’ll be released tomorrow.”
“Then call me if you need me. Please. I have my phone.” She pulled it out of her pocket and waved it.
Mikey chuckled. “Good. I’ll call if I need something, but go. I need my beauty rest.”
She rolled her eyes. “Good luck with that.”
Mike looked up at Trevor. “You take care of Roxy. I don’t think those two Scottish asswipes are done looking for her.”
“I will do everything in my power to keep her safe,” Trevor answered solemnly.

* * * *

The elevator doors shut and Trevor turned to Roxy. He gave her a sad smile. “Are you sure you don’t want to give Jordan another chance?”
She pulled away from him, her eyes blazing. “Excuse me? Seriously?”
He dropped his gaze to the floor. “I felt your pain when he let you go.”
“Fuck,” she groaned and looked up at the ceiling. Roxy took a deep breath before letting it out slowly. “I’ve known Jordan since I was three. He’s hurting. He’s finally realized how much he’s been fucking up. I can’t help him fix himself. I can’t. I don’t want to, and I will never want him back. I don’t love him like that, not anymore. I’ve never loved him the way I love you. But yes, a tiny part of my heart will always be his. He was my first love, my first everything really. He’s not that boy anymore, and even if he were, I don’t want that boy back. I want you, and only you. My assurance has to be enough, because there’s nothing else I can say.”
He pulled her close and she melted into him. “It’s enough. I trust you. God, I do. I couldn’t help that twinge of fear when your sense of loss nearly overwhelmed me.”
Her laugh was bitter. “That sense of loss was because I realized I’ve held him back. Me. Every time he starts to fall apart, I try to help him put it back together. My compassion led him to believe I could still love him. I finally figured out I only make things worse by trying to be there for him. Since this weekend, when I shut him out, he’s made progress. It hurts knowing I made him worse. Maybe if I’d just cut him out when I first caught him with another woman, he’d already be back on his feet.”
“I’m sorry I asked.” Trevor hated knowing he was the one to cause her pain.
“No. You needed to understand. I just wish I figured this out sooner. He never let me go because I had a hard time turning my back on him. It was a vicious cycle because he would get into some mess, and I would come in to help him clean it up. He’d be good for a few days, and then try to sway me, causing me to shut him down. He’d storm off and mess things up again, and I’d come back to help him through. I was always his downfall.”
“I don’t believe that. What you did wasn’t wrong. You tried to help but he read more into your actions than what was there.”
“Maybe.”
He caressed her cheek. “Hey, I shouldn’t have asked. I know deep down you won’t go to him, that what we have is the real thing.”
She leaned into his touch. “It was a fair question. You can always ask anything you need to know and I will answer.”
“Same to you, love. I want no secrets between us, but it might take time to cover all that ground.”
Chapter 25


“How is she?” William asked into the phone.
“Alive,” Dina snarled.
William could see the accompanying sneer on her cold and perfect face. “I’ve been delayed another day. We have a small bit of business to attend to before making our way there.” He managed to keep the irritation out of his voice, but Kathryn was anxious about the plane ride. He went so far as to charter a private jet. “Due to our delay, I was hoping you could meet the others and abduct Miss Nights. I would like to have a word with her upon my arrival. Do you think you could manage that, without permanent damage?”
“You mean I can harm her, as long as she heals?” Excitement layered Dina’s tone.
“Yes. Pain and fear may keep her in check. Keep in mind that Roxana had better be whole when I get there,” he warned.
“Yes, of course. I will have her locked in one of the cells at the new place. She won’t be able to get free.”
He sighed, choosing his words carefully. “Make sure she is in perfect health by the time Kathryn and I arrive. You will suffer a far worse fate than she does if you disobey me.”
“Yes, of course. She will be in perfect health. When will you arrive?”
“You will pick me up at the airport at nine in the morning in two days’ time. Can you manage that?”
“I will. Goodbye.” She hung up.
William’s teeth ground together. He was going to enjoy punishing Dina. It had been far too long since he got his claws in that little bitch.
“Oh, darling,” Kathryn murmured as she sat up in bed to wrap her arms around his chest. “Are you looking forward to tearing her hide? I do love to watch your blood play.”
William turned a vicious smile her way. “Only because you still enjoy the taste of blood over flesh. Don’t worry, my love, I will let you lap up her wounds.”
“Your daughter and her pack will never know what hit them. They still believe us to be dead.” Her laugh chilled the air as her eyes cut into him. “I will make Fiona suffer, William. Never doubt that for even a moment. She nearly took my life all those years ago.”
“Fiona will never be persuaded, but Roxana can. She hasn’t had years of training at the hands of a druid. She will embrace the dark and the power that it provides.”

* * * *

Fiona sat on the swing, staring out over Lake Union. Roxy noticed that she’d been there the entire time, hardly paying attention to anyone but Nick.
Wanting to break the ice, Roxy walked over and sat down beside Fiona. “Have I done something wrong?”
“Hmm?” Fiona looked over with familiar sparkling iridescent blue eyes. “Oh no. I am only wondering who your father is?”
Fiona’s eyes reminded her of her brother’s… of hers? Roxy shook her head slowly. “Some asshole. I never met him.”
“Do you know a name?” she prompted.
Roxy frowned, pushing her fingers through her hair. “Some douchebag named William Scarborough.”
Fiona’s eyes rounded as her mouth popped open. “That explains so much.”
Can’t be. Can’t fucking be. “Explains what, exactly?”
“I’m your sister, or rather half-sister. Your parentage is why your magic is bleeding through, and why you shifted so easily the first time.”
Roxy was having a hard time drawing a full breath. “What? Why? And wouldn’t that make my father super freaking old?”
Fiona took her hand. “Your father, our father, was a type of druid. An evil druid, one who corrupts nature instead of nurturing it. Fear of William is likely why Dina didn’t kill you, though I am willing to bet she wanted to.”
“What?” Roxy was bewildered, trying to grasp onto what Fiona was really saying. Logically, yeah she was there, but it wasn’t sinking in. “My mother never said anything about a druid.”
“She might not have known. Do you know what happened? Why didn’t he stay with her?”
Roxy groaned. “Mom walked in on him fucking another woman while she was pregnant with me. She left, never looked back, and never spoke to him again.”
“Did she ever tell you anything more than his name?”
“Only to avoid him. ‘He’s an evil bastard who isn’t worth our time.’” Roxy took a deep breath, her head tilting. “She said she never wanted us to see him again. That if we heard from him, to make sure he couldn’t find us. I always figured she didn’t want the asshole to sway us to his side of things. Not that we would listen to him.”
“I bet it was more than that. I believe she knew something. You said she left? Was she hiding?”
“I don’t know.” Roxy shrugged. “I know Mikey was born in Florida. She moved as far from there as she could go. So maybe, but she never said as much. She rarely talked about him. He was a part of her past, and she wasn’t one to dwell”
Fiona looked away. “I have a feeling the other woman was Kathryn, his mate. He’s been trying to create an heir for years. It’s why he… well let’s just say my mother had little choice in having me.”
She held up her hand. “Wait, why didn’t he have a child with Kathryn?”
“Oh, Roxy, I’m sorry.” She took a staggered breath. “Our hormones change. We can’t conceive. There was a time when we could get pregnant, but the shift killed the embryo, and I know of no way to avoid a shift at the full moon. Sometime before I was cursed, female wolves stopped becoming pregnant.”
Looking away, Roxy stared out over the water, stunned. The news didn’t exactly hurt, but she felt empty. Children had never been a dream of hers. Still, the option was gone, dead forever.
Sensing her distress, Trevor hurried over, dropping to his knees before Roxy. He took her face in his hands. “What’s wrong?”
She huffed a breath. “I’m learning all sorts of things I wasn’t expecting. It’s okay. I’m fine.”
“No, you aren’t,” he whispered, smoothing his thumbs down her cheeks. “Talk to me.”
“It’s my fault,” Fiona clarified sadly.
Roxy reached over to squeeze her hand. “No. I needed to know.” She let out a breath. “I guess I have a sister.” Her laugh was weak. “Half. Not sure how Mikey’s going to take the news that he has a sister nearly four hundred years old. I guess he’s not the oldest after all.”
Fiona squeezed back. “For now, it might be best not to tell him. The less he knows, the better off he’ll be when William shows up.”
Trevor blinked, his gaze shifting to Fiona. “William is dead. I killed him.”
“I don’t believe you did. William Scarsborough is Roxana’s father. I also think Kathryn is alive.”
Roxy felt a wave of warring emotions from Trevor. It was so strong she wanted to cry out at the force. She lifted his face to hers. “Whatever you’re thinking, Trevor, don’t. Blood relation or not, William is evil and I want nothing to do with him. Don’t you dare think, for even a second, I could side with that monster.”
He nodded slowly, his breathing calming as he stared into her eyes. “I love you, Roxy. I don’t know what I did to deserve you, but I’m never letting you go, love.”
“You too.” Roxy brushed her lips over his.
Trevor looked to Fiona. “Do you think William knows who Roxy is? That she’s his daughter?”
The look on Fiona’s face was grim. She nodded. “It’s likely.” She turned to Roxy. “I think tomorrow would be a good time to teach you a few spells. Or at least start. I also think it might be good to let Fallon place the same wards on you that she did on the rest of us.”
Roxy turned to Fiona. “Fallon? Wards?”
“Aye,” Trevor answered. “We all have our crest tattooed for protection. Fallon is a talented druid who wards her tattoos. She’s a friend of Fiona’s. I’m sure we could get you in, if you want our crest, and the protection which comes with the spells.”
Roxy nodded, a slow smile spreading on her face. “I like that idea. I need to think about where I can put it.”
Trevor bit his lip, looking her in the eye. “Hmm, do you want it visible?”
Roxy took a moment to consider her options. She didn’t want to hide it, but she didn’t want to freak out those she knew.
“If I show up with,” she smiled, “our crest, I have a feeling Mikey will flip a lid. So for now, I think it best to have it somewhere not too obvious. I’m thinking right here.” Roxy trailed a finger over her lower left abdomen, alongside her pelvis.
His hand dropped to her hip and his thumb traced over the spot. “I already love it.”
“Later, when my friends and brother are used to you being in my life, I will want something matching, if you’re up for it. What, I’m not exactly sure, but something.”
He nodded, light dancing in his eyes. “I love that idea too.”
Roxy turned back to Fiona. “So, about these spells, how will this work?”
“We’ll take you up to where the cabin’s hidden. I’ll teach you as much as I can, and I have a feeling you’ll pick it up easily.”
Sorcha bounced over. “Dinner’s ready. Let’s eat.”

* * * *

The sun began to set on Lake Union. Roxy rested against Trevor’s legs near the fire pit. He sat in the chair behind her, playing with the ends of her hair.
The afternoon and evening had passed with playful banter and some deeper conversation.
She couldn’t help wondering if Dina and Boyd’s pack ever did anything like this. It was hard to imagine such vile people truly enjoying anyone’s company
“What has you looking so serious?” Sorcha asked.
“Doesn’t matter.” Then Roxy frowned as she met Sorcha’s caring expression. “Actually, I’m curious. How were you changed?”
She tucked her scarlet hair behind her ears before resting her arms on her knees. “I was diagnosed with an aggressive form of cervical cancer about fifteen years ago. There was nothing they could do because it was caught too late.” Sorcha shrugged.
Joey squeezed her shoulders and picked up where she left off. “The doctors couldn’t do anything, but I could, and I did. I didn’t give Sorcha much choice. We were already mated, and I refused to let her die on me when there was such an easy fix.”
“I never had a clue he was anything but human.” Sorcha laughed softly. “I should have known. Hunting trips consistently on the full moon, his body heat, the way he wolfed down food at a near constant rate without ever getting chunky, but I never questioned it.” She shook her head, a silly smile on her face.
“I took her away from the hospital. Took her up to a cabin I rented, and then did the boldest thing I have ever done.” Joey leaned forward to kiss the top of her head. “I asked her if she trusted me.”
“I said yes, of course.” Sorcha winced. “I wasn’t expecting what came next.”
Joey looked up at the sky. “I stripped, and she thought it was a game. Then I shifted and bit her without warning. Her scream almost stopped me, but if I had, she would have talked me out of it. I couldn’t lose her, so I didn’t give her an option.”
Sorcha giggled, turning to look at Joey. “No, you dolt. If you had told me, Babes, I’m going to cure you, and we’ll never age, and never have to be apart, I would have gone with it in a heartbeat.”
“Aww, that’s actually very romantic,” Roxy asknowledged. She turned to Siobhan, “And you? How were you turned, and how did your sister take it?”
Siobhan blushed. “Funny thing about that. I didn’t know Sorcha and Joey were together until after he brought her to us, a week after he changed her.” She sighed but shrugged. “I however, knew Shane was a wolf because I ask too many questions.” She winked at Shane.
“She does. Everything from, why do you eat so much, to why are you so incredibly warm.” He nudged her shoulder with his. “I couldn’t resist after one evening with her. I told her before I ever made love to her, being paranoid she would turn me down for being a monster.” He looked deep into Siobhan’s eyes.
“Hmm, but, love, I never turned you down. I’m not sure I believed it until he showed me, but he showed me that night. I was already half in love when he told me the crazy story. Then he shifted, and I’ve always loved wolves, so I fell even harder. He even told me what would happen if he made love to me, after he shifted back of course.” She leaned against him, closing her eyes.
“Aye, she asked me if she had a choice in becoming a wolf. I told her the truth, it was up to her. I also told her how it worked and she told me she’d think about it. I didn’t really believe her because we never spoke of it again.”
“Not until I was ready.” Siobhan grinned. “Took me a year to ask him to do it, but I did, and I don’t regret it.”
“I still wish my change was easier,” Shane told Roxy, looking directly at her. “I was in the wrong place at the wrong time and a giant wolf attacked me, trying to get to Joey, who was only five at the time. I killed him with a pitchfork, but he tore me up. I didn’t realize he was a werewolf until he started to shift back to human. Joey ran to Fiona for help.”
Joey shrugged. “She was like a grandma to all of the kids in our village. Always sweet, always willing to listen to us ramble on. Dad was dying on the ground. I did the only thing I could think of. I ran to Fiona.”
Fiona nodded. “I took care of him, the same as I did when Shane changed you, and Trevor after Dina got her claws into him.”
“And me,” Nick interjected. “If you hadn’t stumbled upon me when you did, I’m not sure I would have made it. You took away the pain from the moment I laid eyes on you.”
A soft smile pulled at her lips. “I knew you were mine when your wounds healed under my touch.”
Joey shook his head, a wry smile on his face. “She couldn’t do that for the rest of us. She helped, oh did she ever, but she flat out healed everything they did to Nick.”
“What happened?”
Nick shuddered. “I was hunting. I shot one of them, but they tore me to shreds for it.”
“They?” Roxy asked.
“Boyd and Dina aren’t the only members of their pack,” Shane told her. “If what Fiona says is true, William and Kathryn are still around, and there are others in their pack. Eight others last we saw them. Could be more, could be less. No way of knowing. We haven’t found any trace of other wolves besides the two you’ve met.”
“On to happier topics. I’ll grab more beer,” Sorcha announced as she stood and headed for the cooler. “Everyone want one?”
Chapter 26


It was early. Only six in the morning. Roxy and Trevor were nearly done with breakfast at the Monsoon. She was starting to feel guilty for staying away so much. Of course, she felt out of place with her human friends now.
Jason dropped into the booth across from Roxy and Trevor. “Whatever you are doing to Roxy, keep it up,” he told Trevor sincerely. “She’s happy for the first time in forever. I’m the world’s biggest skeptic on love, but you two fit together.”
Grinning, Trevor saluted. “Yes sir.”
Roxy’s brow cocked as her eyes narrowed. “You can’t fool me. You’re the biggest, most hopeless romantic I know. You, my dear, need to find someone who doesn’t view you as a toy.”
“Yeah, but hell hasn’t hit the ice age yet, and monkeys haven’t flown out of my ass, so that’s not happening anytime soon.”
“It will. When you least expect it,” Roxy added with a wink. After Jordan, she had honestly given up on finding love, but then Trevor sang his way into her heart.
“That’s easy for you to say. No one in their right mind could resist you, Roxy.” He cast a glance to Trevor. “Good thing I’m not in my right mind.”
“You’re just afraid of me,” she teased.
“I’m afraid of winding up a victim in one of your books.” He slid out of the booth and tipped an imaginary hat as Trevor laid out more than enough for the bill and a nice tip. “You two enjoy your day. I’m going back to work.”
“Bye, Jason,” Roxy called. She turned to Trevor. “You really need to stop paying for everything. I don’t mind picking up the bill some of the time.”
“I know. I don’t either, come on. We have a trip to take. I’m driving us up to Edenton.” He placed a kiss on her lips before standing and holding his hand out for hers.
“Remember, Skylar made me promise to bring you tonight.”
“I won’t forget. I can hardly wait, but do you know what you want to read?”
“Unfortunately, no.” She tapped her chin. “I’ll have to run up to your place to grab a notebook.”
“I’m going to send you on your own, or I will make us late.”
“Magic, fighting, yeah, I think I’d rather make love too.” She was only half kidding, but she followed him out the door. “Seriously, I’m going to suck at all of this. Magic was never something I really believed in. I’m the sort who is always trying to figure out the trick.”
“Can you always?”
“Usually. There is one magician who is good enough I can’t figure him out.”
“Oh, who’s that?”
“The Mage.”
Trevor’s brow arched. “I’ve heard of him. Joey saw him at Shenanigans one day.”
“That’s him. Weird little man, and has a crush on Isa. Seems every man wants her.”
“The bartender?”
Her eyes narrowed at Trevor, a little growl erupted of on its own accord.
He chuckled, pulling her closer. “I’m not even remotely interested in her. Didn’t you say something about Mike being in love with her?”
She groaned. “Yeah, unfortunately. She’s stringing him along, except he claims he’s not in love with her. That’s bullshit though.”
“Maybe Mike feels something for her, but knows they aren’t meant to be.”
“Maybe, but she’d be lucky to have him.”
“There’s someone for everyone, and I’m willing to bet that maybe they aren’t so good together.”
“Maybe. I still wish it didn’t hurt Mikey.”

* * * *

All Trevor could see in his mind was Roxy being crushed by Joey. In theory, he was good with Roxy learning to defend herself, but when he thought about how they were going to train her, he wanted to turn his Land Cruiser around and drive far away to keep her safe. He knew better, but he couldn’t help gripping the wheel, his jaw clenched tight, staring at the road as he forced himself to drive to a new hunting spot.
Roxy’s fingers drummed on the armrests, her eyes darting around as she chewed on her lip.
“Relax, Roxy.” Trevor soothed. “You need to learn, and Joey is a good trainer. Shane will help. Trust me.”
Roxy snorted. “That why you’re wound so tight you’re about to snap?”
“They won’t hurt you.” He wasn’t sure if he was trying to convince her or himself. He knew about all the things that could go wrong, and it would be an accident. It is unlikely anything will go wrong, he reminded himself, for the hundredth time.
“Look at it this way. I’ll heal fast. So even if something does happen, it won’t be so bad. Chill out, babe.”
He let out a sigh. “You read me so well.”
“That’s a good thing, isn’t it?” she purred. “I know you said you won’t watch after a point. Are you going to be there for the magic portion?”
“Don’t know yet. Fiona will decide. She’ll know best. I know that I can’t watch two of my closest friends come after you, even if it’s strictly to train you. My instinct will always be to protect you, and I can’t do that if you’re to learn.”
“I wouldn’t like watching them come after you either.” She winked, squeezing his hand. “Today is a full day. Tell me it won’t always be like this. I liked yesterday. Hanging out with you and everyone.”
“Yeah, but you seem to be pulling away from your friends. I don’t like that,” he told her as he parked the car.
Roxy pulled her hand away, knotting her fingers in her lap. Her gaze landed out in the trees. “I feel different. I’m afraid of giving myself away.”
“You’re the same in all the ways that count. No one will likely notice anything for a decade or so. When people around you begin aging, they’ll start to get suspicious.”
“What am I going to tell Mikey?”
“I told you, when you’re ready, you’ll want to tell him all of it. It’s for the best if he knows. There is no need to cut him out of your life.”
“He’s not going to believe any of this. Especially not that our father is over four hundred years old.” Her laugh was nervous. “I have no clue where to begin.”
“I’ve been there, and the words will come when you’re ready. Lucky for you, you have plenty of time to explain it all. It doesn’t have to be right now.”
“Good.”
He parked, and climbed out of the Land Cruiser. Before he made it to her door, she climbed out. One eyebrow arched as he smiled. “I would have gotten that.”
“Habit,” she shrugged, a little giggle escaping. “You’re the first real man I’ve spent any time with. I’m not used to chivalry and all that.”
He drew her into his embrace as he leaned back against the vehicle. “You will be soon.”
Joey pulled up, with Sorcha sitting shotgun. Shane and Siobhan were in the back.
Roxy looked up at him with a sparkle in her eye. “What are you going to do while I’m trying not to get my ass kicked?”
“You won’t,” he answered gruffly. “I’ll be hanging out with Sorcha and Siobhan. Otherwise Sorcha will be cheering you on, and possibly distracting you.”
“Maybe I want a cheerleader.”
Sorcha ran around Joey’s Jeep. “So, you ready? This is going to be fun.”
Stepping away from Trevor, Roxy crossed her arms over her chest. “I don’t know. What’s your big brute planning?” At least there was humor in her tone.
“No worse than what he did to me when we first went sparring.”
Roxy looked up at Joey and frowned. “Shit,” she cursed before looking back at Trevor. “You do realize he’s like three times bigger than me, right?”
Trevor chuckled. “Aye, but you have agility on him. He’s a solid rock. He gets going and he can’t stop. You switch directions and dodge much easier than he can.”
“Hmm, if you say so.”
Joey roared with laughter. “You’re the one who slipped through the tangle of people to stop Boyd from killing Jordan. And you weren’t even a wolf then. Where did all that feisty courage go?”
Her eyes widened and she stared back at him with a slight pout to her lips. “I didn’t know he was a werewolf at the time. Plus, he’s not much bigger than me.”
“Don’t let him rile you,” Siobhan encouraged lightly. “He’s a big puppy dog.”
Shane nodded. “He helped me train Siobhan. Last thing he wants to do is hurt you.”
Siobhan nodded her agreement.
Trevor squeezed her shoulder and she met his gaze. He gave her a reassuring smile. “You can take him, A Chroí.”
“You ready, little sis?” Joey asked with a devilish smirk.
Her growl traveled up Trevor’s spine. “Sure thing, Gramps,” she answered with fire.
Trevor took a deep breath and reminded himself she would be fine. She was ready, and she needed to learn.

* * * *

Joey leapt—freaking leapt—over his Jeep, lunging for Roxy. Roxy gasped, twisting to the side as Joey slammed head first into Trevor’s Land Cruiser.
Rocking back on his heels, Joey shook his head.
“Told you you’d be fine.” Trevor grinned at her.
Roxy nodded, her eyes wide. “Sure.” Glancing over at Joey, she asked. “How’s your head?”
Sorcha laughed out loud. “Don’t worry about him. His skull is thicker than it ought to be.” She shot her man a playful look. “It’s not his brains I love anyway.”
“You still scared?” Joey asked as he stood, stretching to his full height.
Crazy as it seemed, she wasn’t. “Nope, bring it.”
Joey sprang at her. Roxy danced to the side, grabbing his wrist and twisting it up and back at a painful angle.
“Shit, fuck,” Joey groaned on an explosive exhale as he slammed to his knees.
“Sorry,” Roxy squeaked, letting go and backing up.
Trevor caught her. “See, you’re doing fine.”
“Damn straight she is. A natural, I tell you.” Joey grinned proudly at her before glancing to Trevor. “She’s got one hell of a grip, doesn’t she?”
“Aye, that she does.” Trevor leaned in and whispered against her ear. “He’s going easy on you. That won’t last. Here’s a tip. Once he’s coming for you, he has a hell of a time stopping. Use his momentum against him. Shane, on the other hand, thinks outside the box and will try to use your strengths against you. He’s good too, so watch him.”
“All right,” she answered thoughtfully. Roxy didn’t know what to expect.
Siobhan took a look around and then pointed toward a trail. “We should take this into the woods, in case someone shows up. Wouldn’t do for anyone to catch us doing things a normal human can’t.”
“Good plan,” Roxy agreed. The hairs on the back of her neck rose as she felt the air move behind her. Ducking, she spun. Joey kept going, right into Shane, knocking him on his ass.
Everyone but Shane and Joey burst out laughing.
“Sorry,” Roxy managed to get out between bouts of giggles.
Joey stood, grasped Shane’s hand and yanked him to his feet. “Sorry, Da.”
Shane smiled. “She has great instincts. You need to watch her.”
“That I do,” Joey agreed, turning back to look at Roxy with a smirk. “You can dodge me, but can you keep up?” His brow arched a second before he turned on his heel and charged off into the forest.”
Trevor nodded. “Go on, let’s see what you can do.”
She took off at a normal run.
Sorcha nudged her shoulder. “Come on, you can do better, see if you can keep up.”
Siobhan blew past them, and Roxy pushed harder, trying to catch her. She couldn’t—close, but not quite. She did, however, keep up with Sorcha, and they passed Joey. Trevor wasn’t far behind, but she had a feeling Trevor and Shane were watching the rear.
Sorcha came to a stop in a clearing next to her twin. Roxy paused to rest. She looked back, waiting for Joey, knowing he was going to come at her the second he was in sight.
“Ah, smart girl.” Sorcha laughed. “Don’t worry, he’ll be careful not to hurt you.”
“For you, I’m sure he was. He doesn’t know me that well,” Roxy replied.
Siobhan shrugged. “He went easy on me, and he’s closer to Trevor. That means he’s going to go even easier on you.”
“Then how will I learn?” Roxy asked.
“You will.” Sorcha grinned as Joey, Shane and Trevor stepped into the clearing.
“So,” Joey moved closer, his hands out at his sides, “you can dodge me, and you can outrun me, but can you land a hit?”
Roxy blinked slowly. “You want me to hit you?”
“You won’t hurt me. Come on now, you can do this.”
Trevor walked to her, a tight smile on his lips. He placed his hands on her shoulders and looked deep into her eyes. With barely a whisper, he told her, “Knock him on his ass for me. Don’t go straight on, though.” He leaned in and placed a kiss on her nose. “You can do this, love.”
She nodded and considered the clearing. An idea took root. She darted into the trees to her right, and circled around, behind where she had been standing. From there, she rushed behind Joey while he frantically tried to keep her in view. She darted out, sweeping her leg low to knock his feet out from under him.
Roxy shot to her feet, a shocked laugh rolling off her lips. “I really knocked you on your ass?”
Joey was up, and had his arms around her waist in the next second. He brought her to the ground without squashing her, but held her pinned. “Yeah, but you lost your focus,” he taunted, a smirk on his face.
When she tried to shift his weight, he tightened his hold. She knew she’d have to get creative.
“You okay, Roxy?” Trevor asked, a slight growl to his tone.
“Fine. Let me think. I’m not used to wrestling,” she answered, glaring up at Joey who had the audacity to wink at her.
The man was solid muscle and there was no way she was going to manage to move him without some leverage. She looked around and spotted a root.
Roxy reached out, grabbed it and rolled with all of her might. It wasn’t easy, but she managed to flip Joey over like a sack of potatoes. His arms tightened around her waist, just shy of painful.
She grabbed his biceps, squeezing and pushing, but trying not to hurt him.
Joey barked a laugh. “Trust me, I can take it. Give it your all, or are you just that pathetic?”
That was it, she dug her fingers in hard and shoved. Gasping, Joey let go. She rolled away, and into a crouch.
He sat up slowly, rubbing his arms with a frown. “Damn girl, that’s a hell of a lot better.”
“Sorry,” Roxy answered lamely.
Sorcha giggled. “Oh, don’t worry about the big dolt. I swear he’ll survive.”
Joey pulled his sweater off to look at his bulging biceps. He laughed when he saw the bruises already forming.
“Shit, now I feel bad,” Roxy told him.
“You stop.” Joey gave her a grin. “I told you to give it your all, and I have a feeling that still wasn’t everything you’ve got. These marks will be gone in an hour.”
“Really?” Roxy asked.
Joey nodded.
“Okay then. Now what?” Roxy challenged.
“Can you do it again?” His dark brow arched.
“What? Hit you, or get away?”
“Both.” Joey didn’t wait for an answer, instead he charged.
Roxy lunged to the side, spun, and climbed up his back to cover his eyes. He ran straight into a big oak tree.
She jumped down, moving back to Trevor who stood there shaking his head with a chuckle. “Serves you right, Joey. I told you Roxy could handle herself,” Trevor called.
“Aye, but you also threatened to beat my ass if I harmed her.”
Trevor shrugged, his jade eyes sparkling as he looked over at her. “Couldn’t help it. Had to make sure he knew.”
“Oh, I knew. We all do the same thing.” Joey grinned at Roxy. “You’ll threaten me before Trevor and I train too. I guarantee it.”
“I don’t doubt that for a second.” Roxy leaned into Trevor. “This the part where you take off?”
“It is, unfortunately. Don’t worry. It won’t be long before Fiona gets here, and then you’ll have a whole new set of things to learn.”
She pouted. He grabbed her face and planted a heated kiss on her lips. Roxy took it a step further, tasting him before he took a step back with a single arched brow. “Behave. There will be time for that later, A Chroí.”
“Promise?”
“Aye, I do. Now kick his ass for me,” he winked before starting toward the path.
Sorcha waved. “I trust you won’t do any permanent damage.” Her pointed look aimed first at Roxy, then swung to Joey. “Either of you.” She took Siobhan’s arm and strode away.
“Good luck, Roxy,” Siobhan called before disappearing.
Roxy turned back to Joey and Shane, who stood with their arms crossed over their chests.
Shane spoke up. “I’ll go over the ground rules, then we’ll begin.”

* * * *

“Anxious doesn’t even begin to cover what I’m feeling, Sorcha,” Trevor growled. He paced beside his Land Cruiser, waiting on Fiona to show up. The sooner she arrived, the sooner he could stop stressing.
Sorcha stood with her hands on her hips, tapping her toes in the gravel. “You’re as bad as Joey was. You know how he is. He doesn’t want to hurt anyone who doesn’t deserve it.”
“I know, but that doesn’t make it any easier,” he griped, shoving his hands in his pockets.
The sound of an engine drew his attention. He looked up to find Nick pulling up in his white Dodge Journey.
Fiona climbed out of the passenger seat. One corner of her mouth tipped up as she nodded to him. “I know that look.”
“You ready? I think she’s more worried about your part in the training than she is the fighting.”
Fiona shrugged. “If I thought her magic wasn’t in danger of breaking free at any point, I might hold off on helping her get a handle on it. I’ve seen druids come into their power in scary situations and I don’t want to see that happen to her.”
Unfortunately, he’d heard enough stories to be worried, and he had to wonder if maybe that was why Dina and Boyd hadn’t made another try. Could she have harmed them more than she knew?
Trevor nodded back to the trail. “Let’s go then.”
He walked into the woods with Siobhan, Sorcha, Fiona and Nick behind him. Then his nerves caught up and he ran, letting the wind blow through his hair until he came to a stop at the edge of the clearing.
Roxy was doubled over, her hand wrapped around her elbow. That was all he saw. He stormed over to Joey with a fierce snarl, “What the fuck did you do to her?”
Joey sat on a boulder, his head between his knees.
Shane was the one who answered. “Calm down, Trevor. He didn’t do it. She tripped, whacked her elbow on the rock. Joey went to help her, and she spun, kicking him in the stomach, knocking the air from his lungs. Let him catch his breath.”
Joey grunted. “Yeah, remind me not to piss off your little lady. She’s meaner than she looks. I kind of like it.”
Sorcha hurried over, raising Joey’s face to step between his legs. “You okay, babes?”
“Mmm, am now,” he murmured.
Trevor pulled Roxy into his arms. “Hey, love. You okay?”
“Yeah. Just caught my funny bone and saw stars,” she grumbled.
He lifted her chin and brushed his lips over hers. “I can make you forget about it.” Another kiss, this one deeper. She melted into his embrace and he forgot all about Joey and the rest of them.
That is until Fiona cleared her throat. Her tone was stern. “You two can get back to that later. I’m here to teach Roxy a few things.”
Trevor took a step back. “You up for this?”
She nodded. “Sure… I think. I’m still not sure why you all think I have any magic.”
“Trust me, you do” Fiona told her.
“Good luck, little sis,” Joey teased.
Roxy rolled her eyes and waved. “See ya, Gramps.”
Joey grumbled while Sorcha grabbed his arm to drag him off.
“I still think it’s funny she calls you gramps, and not me,” Shane managed to say before Siobhan took his hand and pulled him toward the trail.
“Can I stay?” Trevor asked.
Fiona nodded.
Nick spoke up, “I’m staying too.”
“Don’t laugh too hard,” Roxy warned them.
Fiona smiled as she raised a hand. A ball of arcing blue energy formed. “Try it.”
“Wha—what?” Roxy stammered, her nose scrunching up.
“First, hold your hand out. Then imagine the energy being drawn into a point above your palm.”
One dark brow arched as she raised her hand, staring at her palm. A blue spark formed and she gasped.
“Steady, focus. You can do it.” Excitement laced Fiona’s accent.
The spark flashed and twined around itself, expanding and dancing in her hand until it was the size of a honeydew.
“Shit. I guess I can do this.” Roxy’s tone reflected her pure surprise. “What’s next?”
Chapter 27


Roxy had been quiet since they climbed into his Land Cruiser. He knew she was still trying to wrap her head around the magic she possessed. Trevor drove, letting her have time to process until he crossed into Edenton’s city limits.
Trevor smiled, reaching over to take her hand. “You were amazing. I want you to know that.”
“My mind is blown. I don’t even know what to say.” She pushed her fingers through her hair and glanced over to find Trevor smiling. “Although, I couldn’t shift into another animal. I don’t know if I should be upset about that or not.”
“Fiona says not to be. Either you can, or you can’t. Usually it takes something to scare you into it the first time.”
“Don’t you think Dina’s attack should have done that?”
“You were injured.” He shrugged a single shoulder. “I don’t know what to tell you. I still sort of think something might have been blocking your magic. Why does it bother you? You want to shift into something meaner than a werewolf?”
“No,” she sighed, looking out the window. “I keep thinking it might be cool to fly. I used to dream about being a snowy owl, flying through the sky.” Her laugh held an edge of embarrassment. “Silly, huh?”
“Not so much. You should have mentioned that to Fiona. Maybe you needed to focus on a specific animal.”
“Maybe.”
“You have the most beautiful white fur when you shift. It would make sense if you are a white owl in one of your forms. I know Fiona can pull off four other animals.”
“Four?”
“Yup. I understand she could pull off a cat at one point, but not since becoming a wolf.”
“She said something about her clothes shifting with her?” Roxy asked tentatively.
Trevor nodded. “Fiona says it’s something about the shift to a druid animal is based on magic, but your werewolf form is physical. I don’t understand it entirely.”
“Hmm.” She chewed on her lip as Trevor followed the directions to a shop. 
A frown pulled at Roxy’s lips. “Why is it Joey’s bruises are gone, but that bite—god I feel bad about that now—is still there?”
He pulled her hand to his lips and placed a gentle. “Don’t feel bad about it. I loved it.” He took a slow breath as he considered his answer. “As I understand, it’s something to do with a mate’s bite and marking. It’s not considered a bad thing among wolves and other wereanimals. It’s just how it is.”
“Good to know.” Her smile returned as she squeezed his hand. “You know, I don’t think I’ve ever heard of Edenton.” 
He gave her a knowing smile. “It’s one of those hidden places. Except it’s not so much hidden, as… um….”
“What? Like normal people who don’t know about werewolves are naturally repelled?” She half-laughed.
“Actually, yeah, something like that. We aren’t the only Others in the world. There are witches, mages, fae, and everything else that resides in the town. The people who don’t know about Others don’t tend to remember a whole lot. The ones who do, well they sort of have a free pass.”
“So, there are a lot of different kinds of Others?”
“Aye, many. Most are fine, some, not so much.” He reached over to squeeze her leg. “It’s not about what they are, so much as who they are.”
“Right. The same as plain humans.”
He gave her a reassuring smile. “Just so you know, we’ll run into other werewolves here. One of the larger US packs are up here. I hear the druid that is doing your tattoo recently mated the pack’s second.”
“Second?”
Trevor chuckled as he pulled up to the shop. “Yeah. Most packs have an alpha. They tend to be in charge, lead the pack. The second is the alpha’s next in charge. Then there are enforcers, sort of the police of the pack. And then everyone else.”
“Should we be here?” she asked with a raised brow.
“Slater’s a good guy. I hear the same about Brody, Fallon’s mate. We considered joining them before settling on Seattle. Fiona insisted we needed to move to the city though.” Trevor paused, and shook his head. “I think she knew I would find you.”
Her brow lifted. “Me?”
“Well, not you exactly, but that I would find my mate. She rarely cares where we move. Every time she has suggested a location, one of us found our mate. I should have known. I was the last.”
“So you’ve met Slater? Is he the alpha?”
“Yeah, briefly. In fact, if Dina’s whole pack shows up, we will need to let Slater know what’s up. Our groups mix well, even though we run a little differently, more like a clan than a pack. Not much would change if we joined, but we would have to follow orders, which I understand Slater rarely gives, and only when he has cause.”
“Okay, enough about politics. Let’s get some ink,” she winked before climbing out of the Land Cruiser, again thwarting his chance to help her down.

* * * *

Excited, and a little nervous from information overload, Roxy wondered when she would finally feel some semblance of normalcy. She had a feeling she had only scratched the tip of the iceberg as far as this whole new world was concerned.
Trevor caught up to her, winding his arm around her waist. “Nervous?”
She shook her head. “You may have noticed, needles don’t bother me.”
He chuckled. “I may have.” He pushed the door open and let her step inside.
A familiar face smiled in greeting. Though Tomahawk grinned,  it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Long time no see, Roxy.”
Trevor gave her a funny look.
“Hi, Tom. I was wondering where you’d disappeared to.” She smiled back at Trevor. “Trevor, this is Tomahawk. He’s the artist that did all my other work. Tom, this is Trevor, my… boyfriend,” she finally said.
Trevor nudged her shoulder. “He lives in Edenton, I’m sure he knows what we are.”
“Yeah, when did you go all furry, Rox?”
“Um, not that long ago,” she answered softly.
“Oh? Now this sounds like a story I want to hear. Though, I take it you’re here for Fallon?”
“Yeah. Something about a ward and a tattoo to match Trevor and his clan.”
“Well, Fallon handles all of that, but if you want anything else, I’m happy to do more work on you.”
Roxy couldn’t help herself. “Is it rude if I ask what you are?”
His eyes twinkled. “Shaman. I have a little magic. Nothing like Fallon.”
A stunning red head with full tattoo sleeves walked out. Something about her was familiar. “Good to see you, Trevor.” Dazzling green eyes met hers and her head tilted to the side. “Roxana Nights? Brody took me to your show last weekend.”
“Oh?” Roxana let out an embarrassed laugh.
“You were there?” Trevor asked.
She nodded. “You guys put on a good show, Trevor. Brody told me Nights Embrace was better. I think different is appropriate. You were both incredible.”
Roxy relaxed. The way Fallon’s eyes softened, and her smile brightened when she said her mate’s name, set her at ease. She hadn’t realized she had jumped right into jealousy, but she had. Shit, that’s not like me.
Trevor pulled her closer. “This is my mate, Roxy, as you already know.” He turned his attention to Roxy. “Fiona is friends with both Fallon and her mentor.”
“I was hoping Fiona would come. I had a piece I wanted to discuss with her. At least you all are close enough that she can come in soon.”
“Did you mention it to her?” Trevor asked.
“Nope. I came up with the idea about twenty minutes ago.” Fallon nodded toward the hall. “Come on back. I know the piece well, I can freehand it.”
“She can,” Tom chimed in. “She’s the best.”
“Aww, you know I love your work, Tom. If it wasn’t for this ward, I would have you do it,” Roxy answered.
Trevor gave her another look, more amused than anything. “He did your dragon?”
Roxy blushed. “Yeah, over a few sittings. The outline, then a good chunk of the coloring, and finally the shading.”
“Dragon?” Fallon’s scarlet brow arched.
Trevor shared, “Yeah. He’s beautiful.”
“I’d like to see,” Fallon told her.
“Sure.” Roxy glanced at Trevor who nodded. She opened her pants and pulled them down to her knees.
“Holy shit, Tom did that?”
“I did,” he said proudly, from the door.
“You are one brave woman. That’s your whole hip, thigh and then some. And back when you were healing like a human?”
Roxy snorted a laugh. “Um, yeah. I never knew there was another way.” Roxy pulled her pants up, but left them open. She pointed left of her pelvis. So, I was thinking the crest could go here, the edge riding that line.
Fallon smiled. “That’s easy enough to do. Get comfortable.”
Roxy climbed into the chair and sat back. Trevor leaned against the wall, out of the way.
“Oh, Trevor. My mate will be coming in to talk to you. He has a few questions for you, and maybe Roxy too. Brody will be here in a little bit. They want to know exactly what happened, and why.”
“Of course,” Trevor answered.
Roxy took a slow breath. “If it helps, I can tell him. Trevor showed up after they left.”
Fallon patted her shoulder. “It’s still fresh in your mind. If you can’t…”
“I don’t mind talking about it. I haven’t really yet. And after today, I really don’t think avoiding the topic does me any good.”
“If you’re sure.” Fallon pulled up a chair, grabbed her tattoo gun, and went to work.

* * * *

Trevor watched as Roxy reclined in the chair, seemingly relaxed. She smiled up at him. Not a single flinch or wince.
Fallon glanced up at him with a smirk but kept her mouth shut.
“Really? Nothing?” Trevor asked Roxy.
“What? It’s not like I haven’t sat under a needle for hours at a time. It’s not bad.”
“It’s not that it’s bad, but you don’t even seem to notice it.”
Fallon shook her head. “Trevor made a few ugly faces when I did his crest, and that was on his arm, which isn’t nearly as sensitive as the pelvis.”
He rolled his eyes. “Okay. So I’m not used to needles.”
Roxy laughed. “Your entire back is covered, Trevor. How can you not be used to needles?”
“I didn’t grow up around needles,” he answered gruffly. “For the record, I’m man enough to admit that parts of the tattoo hurt.”
“You’re cute when you’re snarly,” Roxy teased.
“Cute? I’m cute?” He gave her a smoldering look and she licked her lips.
“It’s okay. Fallon has been known to call me cute,” a deep voice said from the door. Trevor looked up to see the second. “Hey, I’m Brody Dean.”
“Trevor Malone, and this is Roxana Nights,” he answered.
“A pleasure.” He shook Trevor’s hand and then Roxy’s, who still hadn’t winced.
“Mind taking a walk with me, Trevor? If I have more questions, I can ask Roxy when she’s done.”
Trevor took Roxy’s hand. “You okay here?”
Roxy smiled up at him. “I am, go on.”
He brushed his lips over her knuckles. She caught her bottom lip in her teeth as she gazed up at him.
“See you soon,” he promised. Then he followed Brody out the back and down the road to a little park. Brody took a seat at a picnic table, so Trevor sat opposite.
Jumping right into business, Brody began, “I’ve only heard good things about your clan, but some pretty disturbing things about the other involved. Is there anything we can do to help?”
Trevor took a slow breath and folded his hands on the table. “I’m not sure you can, or really want to. The problem runs deeper than a couple of rogue werewolves. I think two ancient wolves, who happen to also be some form of evil druid, are either here, or coming soon. They’ll bring the rest of their pack.”
“What makes you think that would stop us from helping?” Brody asked as he leaned forward.
“It’s not your problem.”
“Sounds like it could be. Look, we don’t expect every werewolf in Washington to be a part of the pack. That doesn’t mean we can’t be allies. Nothing I’ve been told, and nothing I see, makes me think we can’t work together, for mutual good.”
Trevor’s brow lifted. “This goes deeper than a simple attack, Brody. There’s an old vendetta between the two clans. If we could simply outrun them, we would have long ago. Unfortunately, that never works out.”
“Fallon told me a few things about this other group. They like to cause trouble wherever they go. She’s heard some horrible things about William and his mate, Kathryn. Slater has a contact who confirmed they are making a trip out here.”
“Wait, how do you all know about William?” Trevor asked.
“Fallon says Fiona suspected that William and Kathryn were still alive. It’s why Fallon offered to do the wards for you while you were in San Francisco.”
Trevor gripped the edge of the table and shook his head. “I didn’t know that.”
“Fallon likes to help. She looks out for those she considers friends. She trusts you and your people, which means I do too. If there is anything we can do, let us know.” Brody slid a business card across the table. “Evil druids or not, I’m sure Fallon, and a few other people in town, would be happy to help in a magical capacity.”
“I don’t want to drag anyone in that doesn’t need to be.” Which was the truth, even if he wanted to keep Roxy safe. It was only fair to warn the Edenton pack what they might be getting into. “William and Kathryn are evil. They’ve committed heinous acts that make my skin crawl, and I’ve seen some bad shit. You don’t know what you’re getting into.”
“Doesn’t matter. We’ve dealt with worse in the last few months. A couple of bad druids don’t even compare to the shit we’ve dealt with lately. And frankly, dealing with it sooner, under our terms is a much better strategy than letting them get the upper hand.”
Trevor’s brow arched. “I think I need to know what’s been going on.”
“Let’s exchange stories. I’m sure we can find a way to help each other.”
“Where do you want me to start? You want all the history? Or only what led up to this attack?”
“Tell me as much as you think I need to know,” Brody answered.

* * * *

Fallon was already done with the crest. She looked up at Roxy. “Anything else while we’re waiting on the guys?”
Roxy’s mouth curved into a grin. “If it’s not too much trouble, can you do some kind of design around the crest, and add Trevor’s name. And please don’t start on how it’s never a good idea to have a name on you. He’s my mate. I don’t imagine that will ever change.”
Fallon laughed softly as her head dipped in a nod. “In the case of mated pairs, I don’t argue, even as new as you two are. Hell, I can feel your bond, it’s that strong. Have any suggestion as to the design?”
She lifted a single shoulder in a shrug. “You did all of that free hand. I trust your judgment, but maybe something Celtic.”
A slow smile spread on Fallon’s face. “I have the perfect idea. Are you sure?”
“Yup, go for it.”
“You’re going to give me a complex,” Tomahawk complained from the doorframe he was leaning on.
“Next tattoo, you can do. I promise. I still love your art, but she’s already here working on me.”
“Mmhmm,” he muttered.
Roxy laughed. “Trust me. I need to talk Trevor into something, but I think we’ll want something more soon. I want to know what he thinks first.”
“Oh, a matching tattoo?” Fallon asked.
“Yes. I feel connected to him in a way that I’ve never felt before. I like ink, so it works.”
Fallon’s green eyes sparkled as she looked up and nodded. “I know exactly what you mean. I have a friend heading up here for my wedding. As soon as he does, Brody and I are having interlocking pieces worked.”
“That is awesome,” Roxy replied as new tattoo ideas filled her head.
As she worked, Fallon hedged, “Hey, I have a question, about your situation.”
“Go for it.”
“You didn’t know you were a druid?”
Roxy shook her head, looking up at the ceiling. “I’ve never done anything magic.”
“Are you sure?”
She shrugged. “I tend to shock people when I’m ticked, or hurt. I always thought it was static electricity.”
“Really?” Fallon snorted a laugh. “Ever heal anyone?”
“Nope.” Roxy shook her head. “I guess I’m only half. I’ve never shifted either. Fiona was trying to help me. I can throw orbs of lightening around, create earthen walls, but that’s about it.”
“Today was your first day trying?” Fallon asked.
“Yeah. Never imagined I was magical, so I had no reason to experiment before.” She wiggled her fingers.
“Maybe you tried to do too much your first day. Next time you’re up this way, give me a call and we can plan some time. I’ll see if I can help. Fiona’s magic was closer to my mother’s. She had a hard time training me because our skills weren’t similar. Yours sound more like mine.”
Roxy nodded, thinking it through. Fiona hadn’t specifically told her what kind of magic she was good at, and she hadn’t really considered how many kinds of magic there might be.
She finally answered. “I think I’ll take you up on that. The more I know, the better. Right?”
“Very true,” Fallon answered.
Tom chuckled. “How hard was it for them to convince you of everything?”
“They didn’t even try until a werewolf gnawed on me and left me for dead. I’m glad Trevor showed up when he did.” She shuddered. “I don’t know what would have happened.”
Fallon gave her a thoughtful look. “You’re a fighter. You would have shifted with the moon and figured it out. That’s what usually happens. I still don’t get why your magic didn’t kick in when you were attacked.”
Roxy frowned, thinking about it for a minute. “It might have. Boyd was thrown from me for no reason. Several times Dina let go and backed off, while making a pained sound.”
“It’s hard to catch all the details when you’re being torn open. It’s very likely you did more damage than you thought.”
“What’s that?” Trevor asked as he slipped past Tomahawk to stand next to Roxy.
“I think maybe I hurt Dina and Boyd, though I didn’t realize it until now, but I can’t be sure.”
“Good. They deserve worse.”
Brody stepped into the room. “Roxy, I have a few questions.”
“Wait, hang on,” Trevor requested, leaning in to get a better look at the extra Celtic knot work around the piece. “Whose idea was that?” His smile warmed, sending a lick of desire through her.
“Mine. Fallon made it look better than I imagined, but I wanted something extra.”
He looked to Fallon. “Think you can do something like that for me? Doesn’t have to be right now.”
Fallon grinned. “I have time before my next client. I’m nearly done.”
Roxy shifted her gaze to Brody. “So, what can I tell you?”
Chapter 28


“You didn’t have to add to your tattoo,” Roxy said as she curled deeper into the passenger seat of Trevor’s Land Cruiser. She tapped her pen on her notebook as she watched him.
“You didn’t have to get yours at all,” Trevor winked back at her. “Although, I love it, all of it.”
“Yours too. I wanted to do something special though.” She tucked her hair behind her ear and looked down at the paper. “I need to write something for tonight, and I have an idea.”
“I’ll be quiet then,” he promised as he started the engine.
She lost herself in the words, letting the music flow over her. Every so often she would glance up to watch Trevor. She studied his strong build, the way his hands wrapped around the steering wheel. She loved the soft smile on his full mouth, the shadow of a beard on his face. She wanted to run her hand over his jaw.
His jade green eyes slid over, catching on hers. The corner of his mouth lifted, causing his dimple to deepen before he looked back at the road.
Inspired, her gaze dropped to her notebook and her pen danced across the paper, words flowing until he tapped her knee. She looked up to find the vehicle parked behind his place.
His eyes darkened as watched her. “We’re here, and I have to admit to my curiosity.”
She shut her notebook, her brow arching. “You’ll have to wait until it’s my turn to read.”
He gave her big puppy dog eyes, and pushed his lips out in a pout. She shifted, leaning over to nibble on his bottom lip until her phone rang, pulling her back to reality.
She answered. “Hi, Mikey. How are you feeling?”
“Good. I’m out of the hospital, and as long as I take it easy, I was told I could go to your reading tonight.”
“Who told you I was reading?”
“Skylar. I’m already at the Jitterhouse. I’m waiting on someone.” There was a sheepish tone to his answer.
“You do realize you aren’t up for Isa’s games. Right?”
Trevor’s eyes widened at the hostility in her tone. She shrugged with as innocent of a look as she could muster.
“Actually,” Mike answered slowly, “Skylar says there’s someone she wants me to meet. Someone you would approve of.”
“Shit, I didn’t mean it like that. You just had surgery though, and I know what kind of activities you two get up to.”
“Hmm, you can claim that all you want. I know you can’t stand Isa.”
“With good reason. Look, forget I said anything. I’m worried about my big brother who got out of the hospital five minutes ago. I’ll be there. We’re going to eat first.”
“We, as in you and Trevor?”
“Yes. That all right with you?”
“Yeah. I trust him. I’ll see you in a couple hours.”
“Bye, Mikey.”
“Later, Sis.”
“I’ll order pizza,” Trevor told her.

* * * *

Trevor ordered pizza while Roxy slipped into the bathroom for a shower. He was tempted to take a peek at her notebook, but first he wanted a closer look at her tattoo.
He pulled his shirt over his head as he walked into the bedroom, then kicked off his jeans and the rest of his clothes before stepping into the steam filled room.
Her scent enveloped him as he stepped in behind her. Trevor slid his hands up her wet skin to cup her breasts. He grazed his lips down the column of her neck.
Her head fell back on his shoulder as a happy sigh escaped her lips. “You didn’t look in my notebook, did you?”
“Was tempted,” he admitted, “but you said I had to wait. I’m behaving. Do I get a reward?”
She pressed her round ass against his hardening flesh. “Definitely.”
“Good answer.” He shifted his hips, sliding against her slick core. Trevor dropped his hand to press his length against her, rubbing the pad of his finger over her sensitive pearl.
Her hands slapped the wall as she rocked herself against him, the most sensual noises coming from her parted lips. He caught her ear in his teeth and sucked.
Her gasp made him pause, then she asked, “Wait, I can’t get pregnant?”
“No.”
“Can’t catch anything?”
“No.”
“Don’t need condoms then, not that we used one last time.”
He purred against her ear. “You have a way of making me forget everything but you. I’m sorry.”
She turned her face to kiss him. “No need to worry now.”
He rubbed harder, pressing against her heat.
“Please,” she begged.
“Come for me, A Chroí,” he commanded.	
“Need you, Trevor,” she moaned.
He pinched her nipple and her body shuddered as orgasm took her. Her arms caught her as she bent forward, leaning into the wall. He slid in deep as her inner walls wrapped around him.
“Hard. Need hard,” she cried.
“Tell me if it’s too hard.”
She barked a laugh and slammed her round ass into him. His hands landed on her hips, gripping tight as he drove into her.
“Yes,” she whimpered
He slid nearly out before driving in hard, over and over again until she was chanting his name.
So close, but she wasn’t there. “Roxy, you’re killing me, babe.”
She thumped her fist against the wall. “Harder.”
He grunted with each thrust, pleasure building until it burst with her release. Banding his arm around her waist, he twisted, pulling her back against his chest as he caught his breath.
“I needed that,” she panted.
“Aye, me too. Now I need to make sure I’m dressed for the pizza guy.” Trevor shifted her back against the wall, gave her a quick but gentle kiss, and stepped out of the shower. “I’ll have to take a closer look at the tattoo later.”

* * * *

A sudden case of nerves hit Roxy. She had her chosen poem in her pocket, and was ready to read. Something was off though. She pulled Trevor to a stop, and sniffed the air.
Anger settled in and she snarled, “That’s Dina, isn’t it?”
He tilted his head, his nostrils flaring. “Shit.” He pulled out his phone.
It only rang once before Trevor said, “Hey, Joey. We’re on our way to the Jitterhouse, but Roxy caught Dina’s scent two blocks east of the coffee shop. I need someone to scope out the area.”
“Sure, but what are you doing?”
“Poetry Night.”
“We’ll scout it,” Joey hung up and Trevor slipped the phone into his pocket.
Roxy whispered, “If Mikey wasn’t going, I’d say let’s stay home. I don’t want to disappoint him though.” Her eyes slid shut as she took a slow breath. “Let’s go.” There was a growl in her voice.
“I like it when you get protective, even if it is over your brother,” Trevor purred.
Her eyes cut to him and narrowed. His dimple appeared as a crooked grin spread on his lips, setting her at ease.
Roxy grabbed his arm and pulled him toward the shop. “No sense in letting that bitch and her asshole ruin the night. If I see her, I have every intention of beating the shit out of her.”
Trevor’s chest heaved as he ground his teeth together, but he held his tongue. Once his breath slowed, he gave her a tight smile.
He calmly explained, “One on one you can take her. Everything Joey says leads me to believe you can handle her. However, if they bring everyone, you can’t take them all on. And Roxy, she’s not likely to come alone.”
She snapped back, “I know. Let me have the fantasy of tearing into her. I want to show her what a fair fight is like.”
“God, I love you, Roxana.”
She smiled back at him, feeling better already. “Love you too.”
Trevor hurried past her to get the door. She rolled her eyes as she walked by, brushing her fingers along the top of his waistband.
He purred in response, and walked up behind her to put his hands on her waist. Dipping his head, he whispered in her ear. “I’m never going to have my fill of you. I want you already.”
A shiver traveled down her spine. “If my brother wasn’t here, I would have skipped Poetry Night.”
Mikey already sat in her favorite booth across from Skylar and Tyler.
Roxy slid in next to her brother and gave him a gentle one armed hug. “Hey, Mikey. How are you feeling?”
He winced a little. “I’m good, but I should warn you that Jordan brought me. He’s still here.”
“Oh, okay.” Roxy managed a weak smile.
“I think he’s really moved on.” Mikey leaned back and took a look around the cafe. “I haven’t seen him since we got here.”
Trevor bumped her shoulder with his. “What would you like to drink, Rox?” he asked sweetly, breaking the tension.
“Vanilla breve. Tell him it’s Roxy’s. Brent will give me plenty of vanilla.” She grinned.
A smirk lifted one corner of his mouth before he gave her a quick kiss and left the booth.
Skylar laid her hands flat on the table and leaned forward. “What is it, Roxy? What’s bothering you?”
The dreaded conversation. The one she knew was coming, but Trevor tried to convince her wouldn’t. Roxy put on a brave smile. “Nothing.”
“Is it that Jordan is here?”
“Maybe.” Actually, that was a portion of it, and happened to be a safe topic. “It’s a little weird knowing he’s here after everything.”
Skylar shrugged. “I met his new girl. They seem perfect for each other.”
Tyler turned to Skylar, and agreed, “They seem to work. Not in love, but they are connected. Hey, it’s new. Give them a chance.”
“I’m all for him moving on. I came to the realization that I’m the one who’s been holding him back.” She closed her eyes with a wince. “You know how I always try to help him get it together, then he starts trying to get back together with me so I shut him down until he starts moping and then it goes round and round until I’m dizzy? Yeah, well I’m not doing that anymore.”
“Good.” Skylar smiled.
“You do look happier,” Tyler told her.
Mike groaned. “It’s weird seeing you with anyone after you were alone for so long. I used to think that maybe you and Jordan would work things out.”
There was a topic Roxy wanted to avoid, even if she couldn’t. She gave her brother a grim smile. “Only because he’s always been your closest friend.”
“What can I say? He’s always been there for me, even with all the shit he’s been through.”
“I know, which is why I haven’t shut Jordan out. Mikey, this is his last chance. He seems to have turned things around, and I’m happy for him. I hope it lasts, or at the very least he moves on from me. I won’t help him pick himself up if he falls back down again.”
“I know.” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “I think he gets it. He told me he wants you to be happy.”
Roxy dropped her gaze to her hands. “I hope so.”
“And you and Trevor? I’ve never seen you like that with anyone. Not even Jordan.”
Roxy turned toward Mikey and told him honestly, “I love him. He’s everything I ever wanted and more.”
His brow arched, a frown pulling at his mouth. “You met him Saturday for crying out loud.”
“More like Sunday morning.” Roxy shrugged. “I know this is fast, but he’s the one. Please, be happy for me.”
Mikey looked over her shoulder and shook his head.
Roxy followed his gaze. Trevor’s eyes locked on hers and he mouthed, I love you, A Chroí.
She blew him a kiss before grinning at Mikey.
“As much as I hate to burst your bubble, you thought you loved Jordan,” Skylar pointed out.
Roxy’s head whipped in her direction. “Night and day. What I felt for Jordan was like one tiny star in a black sky. What I feel for Trevor is the sun on a summer day.”
Skylar squealed, bouncing in her seat. “Okay, okay, you’ve convinced me.”
Tyler put his arm around Skylar and winked at Roxy. “Didn’t need to convince me.”
“I hope you’re right,” Mikey told her. “I worry about you. I know you think Trevor is the one, but what if he isn’t?”
While she understood Mikey’s concern, Trevor had completely washed her doubt away. Explaining that to Mikey was impossible without going into things he couldn’t understand.
Roxy shrugged. “I’ll walk that road when I get there. Stop trying to bring me down.”
Trevor stepped up to the table and passed Mikey a drink. “You didn’t have a coffee, Mike. I thought I’d bring you one.”
Taking her chance to escape the awkward conversation, Roxy said, “Since Skylar’s friend is coming, I’ll move to an empty booth.”
Before she could stand Mikey grabbed her hand and looked into her eyes. “I’m glad you’re happy. Really.”
“Thank you.” She squeezed back and let go.
Winding one arm around her waist, Trevor pulled her close and walked her to the next booth. He motioned for her to sit. She did, and he slid in next to her, keeping her close.
“You’re doing it again,” he whispered.
“What’s that?”
“Shutting your friends out. You’re drawing back.”
“Skylar knows something is up.”
“Only because you’re worrying. Relax. I promise, it’s fine.”
She nodded. Then a stunning crimson haired woman slid into the booth, her eyes were reddish brown, and she didn’t look like she was wearing much, if anything, under her coat. Something was off about her, Roxy’s senses were pinging off the charts.
Before Roxy could ask what the fuck, Jordan sat down beside the stranger.
Pieces clicked into place, but there were still big holes in the puzzle. Roxy managed a tight smile. “Hi.” She couldn’t help wishing Jordan had stayed away. This was way too awkward
Jordan raised his hand in a lame wave, a pleasant expression plastered on his face, but it didn’t mask the pain in his eyes. He nodded to the woman. “This is Leanan. Leanan, Roxana Nights, and Trevor Malone.”
“Nice to meet you?” Roxana answered, and couldn’t stop it from sounding like a question. Trevor squeezed her tighter and gave her a slight smile.
At least he seems comfortable.
“Pleasure is all mine. You are so lovely, Roxana.” The words rolled off Leanan’s tongue in a husky caress.
Roxy looked to Trevor, pleading with her eyes.
Understanding flashed across his face.
Trevor jumped in. “Hi Jordan, good to see you again. Good evening, Leanan.”
Roxy’s heart nearly stopped. Does Trevor know her? Do I even want to know how?
He squeezed her thigh and gave her a reassuring smile.
Roxy looked over and was met with Jordan’s confused stare.
Skylar came to the table. “Roxy, you’re going up first,” she sing-songed.
As much as Roxy hated going first, she would take it to get away from Jordan and the woman who was giving her the heebie-jeebies.

* * * *

Once again, Jordan felt like an ass. Why the fuck did I listen to Leanan, Jordan wondered for the hundredth time. She convinced him it would be good to introduce her to Roxy.
He knew it had bad idea written all over it. Roxy was clearly uncomfortable. Leanan somehow knew Trevor.
If Trevor was fucking Leanan behind Roxy’s back, Jordan would probably get himself killed trying to kick his ass, but he’d do it for Roxy.
Roxy took a deep breath as she looked up at Skylar. Relief flashed across her face. “Let’s do it.”
Trevor got up and held his hand out to Roxy. Jordan watched as she took Trevor’s hand and stood. He pulled her close, giving her a soft kiss before taking his seat again.
Jordan suppressed a groan. Leanan leaned into him, whispering quietly. “Don’t worry. He’s an old friend, nothing more.”
His brow arched, unsure they had the same definition of the word friend.
Her smile was wicked. “He was never interested. His friend Joey, well let’s just say I know him better, but that was nearly twenty years ago.”
Jordan wasn’t sure that made him feel any better. And how the fuck old was this guy?
Trevor sat on the edge of the booth, his eyes trained on Roxy who stood beside the stage. Her head was down as she read over whatever she had written.
There was a time when Jordan had loved to hear the words she wrote for him. A time when everything seemed perfect, and it would never end. Then the need started.
At first he was able to cope with it. As time went on, he needed to fuck other girls to keep him steady. Roxy was the only one who could quiet the need for any length of time, but making love to her never lasted.
If only I knew then what I know now, what I needed to set the rest of those women aside, I could have kept Roxy happy.
It was hard to breathe as he let reality settle in. It was really over and far too late to salvage anything they had shared. He wasn’t even sure he could handle being her friend.
Skylar’s voice rang out. “Everyone welcome your favorite local Word Artist, Roxana Nights.”
Roxy looked up and rolled her eyes as she climbed on to the stage. She gave Trevor a brilliant smile while she moved to the microphone. “Hi everyone. I wrote this for the new man in my life. The man who turned everything around.”

My Heart’s Home

It only took a second and my heart was captured
His voice drew me in but his shy smile stole my heart
Our eyes met and I was hopelessly lost
Everything fell into place and I knew at once
I would never leave his side

We didn’t even meet until the next day
But I couldn’t get him out of my head
He stole my heart when we finally did
He gave me everything I stopped believing in
He filled my soul and completed my heart

His touch shatters my fears and dries my tears
His lips drive away the shadows and brings heaven
His gaze brings a smile that never falters
His love completes my heart in a way I never knew possible
His heart and soul are mine, and only mine, forever

Every word hit home, like a blade to Jordan’s heart. Tears threatened to fall, but he sat there in mute agony.
Then there was applause.
Trevor sprang to his feet and made his way to the stage. Roxy jumped down to throw herself into his arms.
“I can’t,” Jordan whispered, to Leanan, but more to himself. “I fucking can’t do this.” He let out the frustrated cry, and slipped through the crowd. He pushed through the doors and found himself in the cool night air.
He let his feet carry him down the road and into an alley where he pulled out his phone. For once, he needed to do right by Mike. He sent a text Doug. My heart’s just been torn out. Please make sure Mike gets home. I can’t be at the Jitterhouse right now.
Doug’s response came seconds later. Sorry, man. I’ve got Mike covered.
Shutting off his phone, he shoved it back into his pocket. Jordan needed to walk, to shut out everyone and everything. He desperately needed to forget for a little while.
“Hey, Jordan,” Leanan beckoned.
He kept going, not looking back.
“Look, I get it. You have to let her go,” she called.
“Fuck, I know. I get it. It’s over, really over. Let me clear my head. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“For what it’s worth, I really am sorry.”
“Me too,” he answered before breaking into a run as the damn broke and tears streamed down his face.
Chapter 29


Roxy hopped off the stage the second Trevor stepped into the crowd. Everyone parted, giving them room to collide as they wrapped their arms around each other. Her lips met his, her kiss heated. Everything, everyone fell away, leaving only him and his A Chroí.
She broke the kiss, her beautiful eyes locking on his. “It wasn’t cheesy?” There was a pretty blush on her face.
“No, not at all. God, I love you so much, Roxy.”
The applause turned to cat calls and whistles. “Come on, let’s get out of here,” she decided before pulling him to the rear of the building. She took him through a small kitchen and out the back.
Sorcha stepped up beside her. Roxy gasped. Trevor pulled her closer.
“Can’t get a read on them,” Sorcha said. “They were on the street but disappeared. It’s weird. I know they are around but how the hell did they mask their scents?”
“Did you call Fiona?” Trevor asked.
“Everyone is nearby. We aren’t letting this slide. We will end them. I fucking hate that we are in a busy city.” Sorcha gave Roxy a sympathetic look. “You okay?”
Trevor smiled grimly, taking her face in his hands. “Roxy, I’ll keep you safe at all costs,” he assured her.
She shoved him back, her eyes narrowing. “Like hell you will. We’ll keep each other safe. Got it?”
He wanted to tell her no, to hide, but knew he wasn’t winning that argument with a pissed off new wolf, no matter how much he loved her. “Got it,” he snarled back, frustrated with the situation, and her stubborn streak.
Her brow arched.
Sorcha snickered until they both glared at her and her eyes bugged. “Right, we should be going.”
Sorcha led them through the alleys as much as possible. Then he caught the scent. They were surrounded by ten wolves. An ambush, but did Dina and her pack know the rest of his clan was anticipating their presence?
Joey silently caught up, and Trevor felt Roxy startle beside him.
“Shit,” she whispered. “I thought you were one of them.”
“Shh, they’re close,” Joey answered.
A growl erupted from Roxy.
Trevor took her arm and spun her toward him. Her eyes were her beast’s icy white blue. “Calm yourself,” he cautioned, wanting to rein her in. “They smell anger better than most emotions. You need to breathe deep and let the rage go.”
“I’m going to kill Dina! Knowing what I know now, I’m going to kill her.”
He swept her hair behind her ear, and held her gaze. “One on one, remember that. If they all come for you, you can’t take them all. It’s about team work.”
Her chest heaved, but she nodded. “One on one,” she agreed.
The sound of heels on pavement echoed. Roxy’s head snapped up in time to watch Dina stroll into the alley.
“You know, Trevor,” Dina spoke in a sultry tone, “you could have had a real woman, but you pick this little pup with anger issues.”

* * * *

Dina stood between the buildings, her eyes flashing in hatred as she met Roxy’s glare. Rage surged out of control, Roxy lost it. She started for Dina with a snarling growl.
She made it two steps before Trevor caught her around the waist. “It’s a trap. Don’t let her separate you from us.” There was truth in his words, concern too, but the truth sank in.
Forcing herself to slow down, she leaned into Trevor and breathed deep. He was calm but tense in readiness, while she was a whirlwind of pissed off aggression.
“Aww, so you can tame her little beast,” Dina taunted.
Trevor’s fingers grazed up Roxy’s side, his lips brushed over her ear. Need replaced the rage as he coached, “That’s right. Don’t let her get to you. She’ll come to us and you can beat the shit out of her.”
Joey snorted. “That’s great. Turn her on. That’s not going to make Dina go ballistic.”
Before Joey could finish his statement, Dina was flying toward Roxy as Trevor was ripped away from her.
Shit. Dina in her face prevented her from turning to see what happened to Trevor. Roxy had enough time to pull her arm back and punch Dina with everything she had.
There was a wet crunch, and then Dina howled as she fell to the ground, holding her face.
Before the bitch could land, Roxy was thrown to the ground. Then a boot slammed into her, a sharp pain pierced her side. She saw red as she shoved Boyd’s foot away and shot to her feet.
Seemingly surprised by her willingness to fight back, he stumbled as she pushed him against the wall with her forearm and punched him in the side in quick succession. Satisfaction came with every crack of his ribs until he slid down the wall. She slammed her foot into his head before whirling back to find Dina climbing to her feet.
“Fucking bitch, you’re going to die,” Dina screamed.
Then someone started to sing in an old language. The voice was beautiful, haunting, and strangely soothing to Roxy.
Dina grabbed her head, shrieking, “Leave them, you fools!” She took off at a run, her people following
Roxy couldn’t draw a breath. Pain flooded her senses, radiating out from where Boyd had kicked her. She put her hand to her side, and found a wet hole between her ribs.

* * * *

Trevor dodged another swing, and kneed Connor in the balls as Fiona’s song rose, sending Dina and her mutts running. He turned to find Roxy crumbling to her knees. Her eyes were on her own blood-soaked hands.
His heart slammed against his chest, his feet moved of their own accord. Trevor swept her into his arms. “No, A Chroí. You can’t leave me.”
“Come on,” Joey yelled, grabbing his shoulder to drag him away.
Time passed as his feet thundered on the pavement. He hardly saw what he ran past. Someone guided him, and when they finally came to a stop, keys were pulled from his pocket and he was ushered inside.
“Lay her on the table,” Fiona told him.
He did, his heart shattering because Roxy’s body was ice cold. She barely moved except for the tiny rise and fall of her chest that came too infrequently.
“Help her,” he pleaded.
Joey pulled Trevor away from Roxy.
Shane stepped in, ripping Roxy’s shirt from her body. “It’s deep. Probably hurts to breathe.”
Trevor roared, wanting to go back and brutally kill Boyd and Dina before they ever got their hands on Roxy.
Fiona laid her hands on the puncture wound and began to sing. Trevor recognized the spell. She’d used it on them more than few times.
“Did you see the way she attacked Dina? Busted her eye socket.” Joey thumped Trevor on the back.
Sorcha smacked Joey. “Hush, this isn’t the time.”
Roxy’s eyes fluttered open and her hand locked on Trevor’s. “Tell me that bitch is dead,” she snarled.
Fiona stepped back with a chuckle.
Trevor shoved Joey aside, making room to sit beside Roxy on the table. Her hand went to her side with a frown.
“You okay?” He asked.
She shrugged. “Hurt to breathe. Then it all went black. What happened?”
Trevor caressed her cheek, giving her a fierce smile. “You beat the shit out of Dina and Boyd, but you scared the hell out of me when it was over. What happened? What caused the wound?”
“Boyd, his boot. A blade I think?” Roxy shook her head, and swayed into him. “Dizzy.”
“It’s the blood loss,” Siobhan ascertained, going to the fridge. She came back with a giant raw steak, placing it in Roxy’s hands.
Roxy didn’t even look as she tore into the hunk of meat. The meat’s blood ran down her already bloody hands.
Trevor knew reality was going to hit her hard any minute now. Every one of his clan had been there within the first few weeks of changing. He could feel the storm of rage brewing inside her, it just hadn’t surfaced through the pain yet.
Trevor kissed the top of her head. Her eyes flashed white blue, a growl rumbling from her lips. Shaking his head, he went to the fridge to grab a bottle of V8, and a dishtowel so she could attempt to clean her hands. What she needed was a shower.
He came back and her steak was devoured. She sat there licking her fingers as she looked around the room. Then her eyes fell to her hands.
She jumped, a cry escaping her lips. “Shit, shit, what the fuck did I do?” There was panic in her tone, and Trevor wanted to take it away.
Shane calmly made eye contact with Roxy and explained. “You ate a steak. You needed the protein.”
Roxy’s nose wrinkled and she winced. “Okay, but I was growling… at… at Trevor.” Her expression crumpled as she turned toward him. “I’m sorry,” she squeaked.
He smiled, closing the distance. “Don’t worry about it. You wouldn’t have hurt me. You just didn’t want anyone to take your food.”
She buried her face against his chest. “What did I do?”
His arms wrapped tight around her. “You showed Dina and Boyd that you’re a lot tougher than they thought.”
Roxy leaned back, looking up at him. “I felt Boyd’s ribs cracking. And Dina’s face made a crunching sound.” A vicious grin spread on her face. “It felt good to hurt them.”
Trevor nodded. “Yes, but I don’t like that he hurt you.”
Her hand fluttered to her side, and then she twisted to try to look, but the hole was gone already. “I’m already better?” Her brows creased.
He opened the bottle of V8 and placed it in her hands. “We heal fast. Now drink. It will make you feel better.”
Her nose wrinkled as she looked up at him. “Why V8?”
Siobhan spoke up. “Lots of vitamins to help replenish your missing blood.”
Trevor nodded.
Roxy tipped the bottle up and gulped until it was gone.
Siobhan squeezed her shoulder. “We all go through this at some point. You did well though. You might be dizzy for a few hours.”
“Great, so I’m the only one who came back injured?” Roxy groaned, looking down at her hands. She snapped the dishtowel out of Trevor’s hand and tried to wipe away the already drying blood.
She looked up at him with sad eyes. “I made a mess.”
Trevor placed his hands on her shoulders. “It’s nothing. I need to know you’re okay.”
“Yeah, great. I’m the only one hurt at all, or was. I’m pathetic.”
“No, there’s no truth in that that.” Sorcha sat down next to her, throwing her arm around her. “You did better than any of us would have only days after becoming a wolf.”
Roxy’s eyes narrowed at Sorcha. “You’re not making me feel any better.”
A smirk twisted Sorcha’s lips as she nodded. “Does the fact that Joey pulled a muscle help? Or that Nick has a black eye? Or how about Trevor winding up on his ass when he was so focused on you he didn’t notice the bastard come up behind him?”
“Maybe a little,” Roxy admitted. “If I believed it.”
“Good, because it’s all true. Now, stop moping. You did amazing, even when some arsehole punctured your lung because he couldn’t win a fist fight against a girl.”
Roxy’s eyes lit up. “That’s an excellent point!” She shoved her hair behind her ears.
Siobhan laughed softly. “Don’t worry. You’re going to have a few anger issues until you get settled into life as a werewolf.”
Shane nodded. “Now that you’re better, we’re going to take off.” He waved as he took Siobhan’s hand to pull her toward the door.
Sorcha squeezed Roxy tight. “See you tomorrow.” She hopped off the table and headed to Joey who was already by the door.
“Yeah, remind me not to piss you off,” Joey teased. “You’re a beast.” Sorcha and Joey were next to leave.
Fiona gave Roxy a small smile. “You did wonderfully. Don’t forget that.”
Nick waved as he left with Fiona.
Trevor locked the door and turned back to Roxy who still sat on the table. “Come here, love. Take a shower with me.”

* * * *

Roxy followed Trevor into the bathroom. He started the water before pulling the clothes from his body. She watched his muscles ripple, the way the ink on his back moved with his physique. He truly was an amazing creature.
He turned, closing the distance to finish tearing her shirt off. “Sorry,” he purred, “but it’s already ruined.” He deftly opened her pants, yanking them down her hips and thighs. “I’m going to wash away the blood, and then I’m going to make love to you.”
Her hands landed on his sculpted pecs, but she pushed him away. “Wait. I have questions about earlier. I swear I won’t ask about every woman you’ve been with, I have a past, too—albeit extremely limited—but I need to know about Leanan.” Thinking about the woman Jordan was with made her stomach sour. Not that she was jealous of whatever he was doing with her, but if Trevor… she was going to be sick.
The corners of his mouth lifted in a smile. She was tempted to slap him. Then he had the audacity to laugh at what was likely a death glare on her face. Her nails hooked into his chest and he made a sexy little groan.
“Roxy, I never slept with her. She came on to me once. I shut her down. Then she went after Joey, years before he met Sorcha. They had a few romps, but it was nothing more.”
“Good,” she replied, flattening her hands and smoothing them down his chest. Leaning in, she placed a kiss over each little indent she’d left in his flesh. “And sorry.” Her apology was enhanced by the pout on her lips.
His hands curved under her ass before he hauled her off her feet and against him. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he stepped into the shower and set her back down.
He gave her a wicked grin. His eyes darkened as they caressed over her body. “Don’t apologize. I like it when you scratch, and I love it when you bite.”
She was wet just thinking about the things he did to make her lose control. No one had ever driven her to those heights.
“But first,” he promised, “I’m going to pamper you. Slow and sweet, because as much as I want to ravish you, and trust me I will, I want to worship your body more.”
“I don’t always need that,” she whispered, but she desperately wanted both.
“Right now, after the way this evening ended, I want to show you how much I love you, all of you.” He pulled her under the water and turned her so that she could lean against his chest. He started with washing her hair.
“What did I ever do to deserve you?” she crooned.
“I keep asking myself the very same thing, A Chroí.”
She laughed softly. “I’m going to need to think of a good endearment for you.”

* * * *

“I told you how I feel about planes.” Kathryn’s whining tore into him like knifes. “They are not a safe means of travel.”
Tired of the same arguments, William gave her a bored stare. “Like cars, and metal ships, and everything else you have cited. Now Kathryn, we discussed this. We may have kept you hidden deep in the forest where technology didn’t reach, but that doesn’t mean the rest of us shunned all development.”
“You and your electronic gizmos. It’s all a waste of time. One day all of it will crash down, and everyone will experience the world as we found it.” Kathryn smiled cruelly as she looked out the window. “I miss the age of magic and wonder. Now so much can be explained away to meaningless drivel.”
“Ah, but they can’t explain magic because we aren’t out in public. It means we can get away with more if we are careful. Also, there hasn’t been a witch hunt in ages. Remember, darling, how fun those were?”
Her eyes flashed as she turned back to him. “Those bastard witch hunters are how I lost our child those long centuries ago. The only one who could have been like us. You keep trying with these little babes, but they aren’t anything close to us. Not even your precious Roxana, despite the fact her mother was the purest druid I’ve met. I’m glad she left it all behind because she found out about you and me.”
He glared at Kathryn. “If you had stayed put, instead of coming to me, we wouldn’t have had a problem.”
“It’s not my fault you saw me and had to have me that very second.”
“Only to punish you, or don’t you remember? You didn’t get off. I made sure of that.”
“Oh, I did, love. I always do. A little blood never stopped me from having my fill of you.”
He slapped her face and she was in his lap the next second, tearing at his pants to get at his hardening flesh.
Chapter 30


Waves of ecstasy washed over Roxy as her eyes fluttered open. She found her fingers locked in Trevor’s thick, silky hair. His unshaved face scratched over her sensitive skin, providing such intense contrast to his wet tongue teasing her clit that she came apart under his mouth.
His fingers slid deep into her as his tongue continued to explore. He played her body like an instrument. Having found her sweet spot, he curled his fingers to rub just right.
She screamed his name, her back arching. When she finally collapsed on the bed, his mouth toured up her body in wet kisses that left her desperate for more.
“Trevor,” she whispered, “need you.”
“Soon,” he promised before he flicked his tongue over her nipple.
“Now,” she growled, gripping his hair as she rolled him over and climbed into his lap. She slid down over his length, loving the way he filled her. Her hands landed on his shoulders and she rode him.
“I wasn’t done with you, A Chroí.” Trevor flipped her to her hands and knees fast enough to make her head spin. Then he was behind her, driving into her body as she braced her hands on the wall, pushing back into him as he swept away all thought and left only untethered primal desire.
His fingers dug into her hips, heightening her pleasure.
She wanted… needed to know what it felt like. “Bite me, Trevor, do it.”
One of his big hands traveled up her torso, between her breasts to her shoulder. He hauled her up and back against his body as his teeth sank into her shoulder.
Tiny lights flashed through her vision as pleasure washed through every cell of her body. He rolled them to the bed, feathering light kisses over the new bruise. “Did I hurt you?” he worried, but she could feel his conflicted arousal, too.
She turned in his arms, threading her fingers into his hair. “Not in the slightest, I loved every second of it.”
“Never want to hurt you, love,” he vowed.
“I promise I’ll let you know when to stop.”
He pressed his forehead against hers as his hands caressed down her body. “I was going to let you sleep, but I couldn’t stand it any longer. I needed your taste on my tongue.”
“You… I… man,” she gave up trying to string a sentence together and closed her eyes.
“Is that good or bad?” he purred, rolling to his back and pulling her on top.
“Amazing. You have no idea what you make me feel, and I have no words, so let me show you.” She shifted, taking him into her. This time she made love to him slow and tender.
He reached up, pulling her mouth down to his. It was so easy to get lost in the man beneath her. Their connection flared, strengthening as it bound them tighter, twining them into one as they found their release together.
He held her tighter as she dropped her head to his neck, breathing him in. “You’re my everything, Trevor. I never believed in this kind of love.”
“I didn’t either, not until I found you.”
With horrid timing, the phone rang. “Can we ignore that?” she pleaded.
“Unfortunately, no.” He sighed, reaching over to answer.
“I’ll be in the shower,” she told him, giving him privacy to talk.

* * * *

Trevor pressed talk. “Is there a reason you’re disturbing a perfect morning?”
A hand slammed into something. “Don’t blame me for wrecking the mood. I just got word that William and Kathryn both are on their way. Fiona wants us all to go up to the mountains. She’s already called the Edenton alpha. They’ll have someone nearby if we need them.”
“Shit, that bad?” Trevor groaned.
“Oh, and get this. Dina’s face is still fucked up, and Boyd can’t breathe right—Roxy busted his ribs and they set wrong. Your girl is amazing. Make sure she knows that.”
Trevor growled. The news made him both proud and feel like hell for the beating she took, not once, but twice. He wanted to protect her, but she’d been bleeding on the ground by the time they were finished. Retribution was his goal now, for all the pain they caused her.
“Oh,” Joey added, “we went by her condo. They still haven’t been inside. Turns out they’ve been in jail all night. Fiona did something to the blood in the alley and set them up. They’ll likely be out today, but Sorcha and I picked up some of Roxy’s clothes.”
“You didn’t disturb her things, did you?”
“Of course not. I’m not that big of an arsehole. I made Sorcha grab her clothes, because you know if left up to me, I would pick the get up she wears for her shows.”
Trevor growled, regardless of the fact he knew his jealous streak was unwarranted. “I take it you’re on your way?”
“Yeah. We’ll be there soon. We even grabbed Roxy and you coffee. Expect to leave in five, ten minutes tops.”
“She’s not going to be happy. I don’t like this.”
“Would you rather we keep Roxy here, where her brother is going to be in more danger? You know they’ll use him against her. I’m not sure what Fiona did, but she’s protected him, as long as we get Roxy’s ass out of Seattle for the next few days. So be ready.” Joey hung up.
Trevor hurried to the bathroom and stepped into the shower. “Bad news, Roxy. We have to go up to the cabin for a few days.”
She stopped, turned and glared up at him. “Why?” There was a deadly look in her sparkling eyes.
“Because your father may harm Mike to get to you. Fiona can protect him, but only if we aren’t here. So we have to go.”
She closed her eyes and nodded. “For Mikey, I can run. Normally, I’m not a runner, but if it will keep my brother safe, I’ll deal with it.”
“I’m sorry. William and his mate are evil. Much worse than Dina and Boyd.”
“I believe you.” She smiled grimly and stepped out of the shower. “I heard the conversation. I’ll get dressed. Hurry.”
He nodded, surprised she was so reasonable, but she’d adapted to her new strength and hearing faster than most. Even her sense of smell was quickly well-tuned. She was a natural.
She dried off and went to the bedroom. Guilt, anger, frustration all washed through him. If he hadn’t found her, she wouldn’t be in danger. She wouldn’t have to adapt. It was too late to go back and erase it.
He rinsed and shut off the shower, ready to tackle this head on to keep Roxy safe. He hoped they could.

* * * *

There was a knock on the door and Roxy threw it open, her arms crossed over her chest. “Those assholes really moved in across from me and you all had to go get my clothes?”
Sorcha smirked. “Come on now, it’s not our fault. We were only trying to help, and it was no problem pawing through your underwear. We want you safe.”
“I want five minutes in their condo so I can tear everything to shreds,” she snarled. “Preferably the two of them as well.”
Joey chuckled. “Aye, we all do. However we are going to take this to safe territory where we won’t have innocent bystanders hurt. Or simple humans freaking out when they realize the big bad wolf isn’t some fairy tale.”
Rage coursed through Roxy’s veins. She threw her hands up and walked away. “I hate that they are stealing pieces of my life. I can’t wait until we are done with them once and for all.”
“And what about your father?” Sorcha asked softly.
“The sperm donor?” Roxy answered with malice. “The man who fucked another woman while my mother was pregnant with me? Yeah, whatever that scumbag is, the bastard is not my father.”
“Good to hear, because that scumbag is on his way.” Joey stepped inside and slumped into a chair. “He’s one sick fuck. I know he wants to ruin Fiona because she wouldn’t be swayed to his side. We all know you won’t either, but once he figures that out, he’s going to want to prove you wrong.”
“I don’t care. He can die like the others.” Her growl rumbled free.
Sorcha smiled tightly. “We all want both William and Kathryn dead, all for different reasons.”
“I want to be able to go to my condo. I bought that place with my own money. It might not be much, but I earned it and I can’t even enjoy my own home. The fuckers are taking everything away from me.” Roxy was about two notches from yelling
Trevor stepped into the room, fully dressed and closed the distance between them. He pulled Roxy into an embrace, and then tilted her face up to look into her wolf’s eyes.
“It’s only temporary, and I thought you liked staying here?”
Her anger dulled, sliding into despair. “I do, but fuck. I cannot go to my place even if I want to. I was there first. Not some asshole werewolves who are only out for their twisted revenge.”
“Listen, Roxy, you need to take a deep breath and then push out all the negativity. It won’t do to have someone see you with your eyes like that. We’ll handle it.”
“Why?”
“You’re about ten seconds from shifting if you don’t calm down. You can shift in the woods, but you won’t like riding in the Land Cruiser as a wolf.”
“What? Afraid I’d piss on your seats?”
Joey let out a big laugh. “I guarantee that’s not it. You haven’t tried riding in a vehicle in that form. Trust me, it’s no fun at all. Everything is off and you can’t control it.”
“Fine.” She closed her eyes and breathed in deep.
Trevor’s mouth closed over hers, stealing her breath. When he broke the kiss, he promised, “I’ll keep you safe.”
“Not what I want to hear,” she grumbled.
He smiled softly. “I know. Now, call your brother before we head up there. You won’t have signal where we’re going and you should warn him you will be off the grid for a few days.”
“All right. I’ll call and update him if you pack my laptop.”
“Done.”
Chapter 31


Roxy sat in silence, curled up in the passenger seat. It hurt Trevor to see his fiery little temptress shut down and retreat into herself. He could feel her shame over snapping at their friends, but every one of his clan, including Trevor had gone through the mood swings. It was part of being a new wolf.
He held her hand tight, not daring to let her go as he drove them up into the foothills, and deep into the woods. The cabin was close enough to Edenton that if they ran into trouble, they could get help.
He took a turn onto a rough logging road which took them even deeper into the forest before he finally parked in a clearing out of sight from any main road. Fiona had wards set up to mask the cars, and even keep the clearing from view.
“We hike from here?” Roxy asked as she looked over the area. There was a hint of smile on her lips.
“Aye. Do you mind?”
“Honestly, I love hiking. I don’t get up to the forest enough.”
“Really?” he asked, bringing her hand to his mouth for a kiss. “Then I’ll take you more often.”
“You two are sickening,” Joey grumbled.
“No more than you and I,” Sorcha teased before climbing out of the Land Cruiser.
“You feeling better now?” Trevor asked.
“Hardly. I can’t believe how I acted. Snapping and screaming at everyone.” She laid her head back on the seat and sighed. “I feel like an idiot.”
“Want to know a secret?”
“What’s that?”
“Well, for one, it’s not much of a secret, but you should have seen me the first few months after Dina attacked me. I was an arsehole to Joey, Shane and Fiona. I have no clue why they put up with me.”
“I can’t imagine that. You’ve been pretty much perfect since I met you.”
“Mmm, but I want to be your everything.”
“You are. I hope I can be yours.”
“You were from the moment I laid eyes on you.”
“You knew even then?”
“I did. Hope you don’t think that makes me a stalker.”
She actually laughed. “If you are, I like it. Come on, let’s see this cabin.”
They climbed out together, and he grabbed her bags before she had a chance to get them. “I know you can, but I want to carry them.”
“All right. If you insist.” She took his hand. “Lead on.”

* * * *

“I cannot believe you didn’t try to take Roxy and Trevor when they were alone! You waited until their clan showed up. What were you thinking?” William practically screamed at Dina who cowered in the corner of the room.
The place had seemed warm and inviting until William lost his temper and the temperature plummeted. Boyd lay in front of the fire in a heap. He was barely breathing as he bled into the thick white rug.
Dina blinked up at William, who towered over her. “She broke my face. Boyd was only protecting me, like you would do for Kathryn.”
“You were supposed to take her by surprise. Not tip off their entire clan. You fools never get anything right.”
“If you had let us take her in the beginning, or better yet kill her, we wouldn’t even be having this conversation.”
William backhanded Dina so hard her head bounced off the wall and blood streamed down her chin. She whimpered but didn’t dare to make eye-contact again. “We followed your orders. We didn’t know the others were watching, or we never would have attempted to take her without backup.”
“You were always a stupid woman. In the cafe would have been a far better place to take her than in the open.”
“We were in the alley, they were trying to keep us from the streets.”
“Ah, yes, but only because they knew you were following. And they were right, which meant they were able to stop you.”
“Why is she so important?”
“I already told you, Roxana Nights is my daughter. She is like me. She will see reason and follow me.” William turned on his heel and gave Kathryn a dark look. “They are all yours, my love. Remember, they will be of use later, so make sure they are operational by tomorrow.”
“And where are you going?” her shrill voice sneered.
“To find my daughter and talk some sense into her.”
“Good luck. I still think she’s a waste of time.”

* * * *

Sorcha hung back until Roxy caught up, then put her arm around Roxy, pulling her away from Trevor. Roxy pouted back at him.
“Go on,” he chuckled. “I’ll keep you in my sights.”
She blew him a kiss as Sorcha pulled her ahead.
“We’re almost there,” Sorcha warned. “Don’t freak when you see the fog, and especially not when Fiona casts her spell.”
“And where is Fiona and the rest of them?”
“Oh, they came from the other side. They’ll meet us there.”
“That secretive?” Roxy asked.
“Yes, and for good reason. Besides the residents of Edenton, not that many people believe in werewolves or any Others.”
“I’m still not sure I believe there are that many Others.”
“You should.” Sorcha glanced back at Trevor and snickered before whispering in Roxy’s ear. “You fucked a faerie.”
“Wha… what? Run that by me one more time?” she squawked.
Sorcha leaned back in. “Toryn is fae, and old, really old.”
Roxy blinked and shook her head. She knew people called Toryn a fairy, but he did have a habit of sleeping with men. “Wow, um… well.”
“What’s that?” Trevor asked, hurrying to catch up.
She sighed. “Long before I met you, I slept with Toryn Flame. We both knew it wasn’t anything more than a night of pleasure.” She swallowed hard, expecting some snide comment.
His brow arched. “That doesn’t surprise me. You are beautiful, and he does love gorgeous women. I can only imagine he treated you far better than Jordan.”
“I take it you know him?” she asked with wide eyes.
“Aye, though not well. We’ve crossed paths before.”
She looked up to find thick fog before them.
“Hang on,” Sorcha said with a grin.
She heard Fiona’s song and the fog rolled away, leaving a beautiful two story cabin with large windows.
“Holy shit. How the hell is this all the way out here with no freaking roads?”
Trevor explained, “Helicopters brought in most of the supplies. It took quite a few loads. Good thing seven strong werewolves get a lot of work done.”
Shane, Sorcha, Nick and Fiona walked over to them.
Fiona nodded to the cabin. “The spell keeps it hidden from everyone but us. Once you’ve been in it, and I make an adjustment, you’ll always be able to find it.”
“That’s amazing,” Roxy replied.
“Go on, let Trevor show you the place. Then you and I need to talk. Something has come up, and someone wants to meet you.”
“William?” Roxy guessed with a sneer.
Trevor stiffened.
“Unfortunately. However, he is your father.” Fiona looked away, wringing her hands. “I don’t like it any better than you or Trevor, but where we’re meeting him, he can’t do any harm.”
“All right. Fine, I’ll meet him.” Roxy looked back at Trevor. “No matter what he says, I won’t take his side.”
“I’m not sure I could blame you if you did. Sometimes it’s hard to deny family.”
Her eyes widened. “Maybe if he had done a decent job of fathering me, you might have something to worry about. Seeing as that was never the case, it will be a cold day in hell before I take his side.”
“Come on,” he took her hand and pulled her toward the house. She could feel his doubt rolling off him.
“I’ll find a way to prove it to you, Trevor. He may have some biological component in my DNA makeup, but he’s no father.” She squeezed his hand and stepped through the door only to freeze. It was a haven. Plush rugs, huge stone hearth, comfortable looking furniture, a ginormous TV. The opposite room was lined with shelves of books, great lighting, and another fireplace.
“Let me show you our room,” Trevor invited. She followed up the stairs and to the first door on the right. He opened the door and sat her laptop on the large dark wood desk, her backpack against the matching armoire. The bed was as huge as the one at his place. Hell, the room was almost identical.
“Your room looks familiar,” she smiled back at him.
“Ours. Everything that is mine is also yours.” He pulled her into his arms. “No matter what happens this afternoon, please remember I love you.”
“Don’t do that. He can’t offer me anything worth taking. You are my everything, Trevor.”
“Except your brother,” he whispered.
She gasped, her heart slamming into her ribs. “You said Fiona protected him.”
Fiona stepped into the room. “I did. He’s safe. Don’t worry about Mike.”
Roxy relaxed, turning back to Trevor to place a gentle kiss on his lips. “Then you have nothing to worry about.”
Fiona smiled. “Now, after you see the rest of the cabin, I want to assure you we are going to meet William at a safe place. I have a mage friend in Edenton. He’ll let us use their bookshop. His woman has built some truly impressive wards around it. You will be safe.”
She took a deep breath and nodded. “If you say so.”
“I do. Now go explore. We need to leave in the next fifteen minutes.” Fiona left the room.
“Come on.” Trevor stepped into the hall and she followed to explore the huge home that was nothing like any cabin she ever imagined.

* * * *

“Mages? We’re going to a bookstore run by mages?” Roxy was clearly amused. She turned toward the back to converse with Fiona.
Trevor’s hands were wrapped tight around the steering wheel as he glared at the road. Hate, bitterness, and sorrow all rolled though him. So much of his pain was caused by her father. She kept saying it didn’t matter, she didn’t care about the past, or her blood relation to the man who killed his sister, taking his last solid connection to human life. He believed Roxy, but he was scared to death she would change her mind.
Fiona answered Roxy’s question. “Yes, mages. Think similar to you and me, but less bound to nature magic.”
Roxy shook her head. “What do you mean?”
“Well, druids are better at mostly earth and air magics, as well as healing, in most cases, which I believe is nature. Mages manipulate elements, but they tend to be best with fire and water. There are also light and dark magics which some can wield.”
Roxy turned around to sit back in her seat. There was a frown on her face, her eyes narrowed as she worked that out.
“Don’t worry about remembering it all now. As I teach you more about your magic, I can better describe the different sources.”
“What is shifting magic?” Roxy asked lightly.
“Nature I would venture.” Fiona shrugged. “Don’t worry about shifting to another animal. That can take time to learn, and is usually triggered by a big event.”
“Like being attacked by Dina and Boyd?”
“You were likely suffering from a concussion. Your brain wasn’t catching up. So it makes sense it didn’t trigger a change.”
“I’m not much of a druid,” Roxy grumbled.
“You will be. You were never properly trained. Perhaps your mother never knew.”
“I don’t know.”
“We’re almost there,” Trevor told her.
Roxy’s brow arched. “Don’t tell me the book store is part of Inktastic.”
He chuckled. “No, but they are across the street. Why? You want more ink?”
“I haven’t come up with a good design yet.” She took his hand. “I was thinking maybe we should get a matching tattoo.”
He parked and then turned to her. “You want a matching tattoo beyond our crests?”
“I do. Something symbolic. Maybe you can help me come up with something.”
“I’ll think on it.”
Fiona suggested, “You could ask Shane. He’s a talented artist.”
“No offense, but I’d probably ask Mikey.” Roxy turned to climb out.
Trevor groaned and followed, hurrying to catch up with her. “I like opening the door for you,” he scolded affectionately.
“Yeah, well you’re the first. I guess I’m not used to it.”
He pulled her close and whispered in her ear. “I want to pamper you.”
Fiona cleared her throat. “We need to go inside before William gets here. He won’t be able to pull anything within Elizandra’s wards.”
Trevor pulled Roxy along. She stared at Fiona with wide eyes. “You’re worried he’ll try to what? Abduct me?”
“I wouldn’t put it past him,” Fiona answered.
Chapter 32


Stepping into A Good Book was like walking through a calming mist. Roxy’s tension slipped away the second she was inside. Fiona seemed to have the same reaction. Trevor, on the other hand was still tense.
“Hello, Fiona. It’s been a long time,” a deep voice said.
Roxana looked up to find a man she couldn’t quite place. His dark hair fell in waves, his warm brown eyes seemed to take everything in. It had been a few days since he last shaved. Rugged, but attractive, and strangely familiar. She could feel the power oozing from him.
She turned to Fiona with a raised brow.
“You must be Roxana Nights,” the man said. “And you, Trevor Malone.”
“Indeed,” Trevor answered. “How much did Fiona tell you?”
He smiled grimly. “Enough to know that I’m not going to like the man you are meeting here.”
“Don’t worry,” a woman said as she came from the back room. Her hair fell around her in colorful waves. She walked around the counter and held her hand out to Roxy. “I’m Liz. This is Tremaine. In case William tries anything, there are a couple more mages nearby. Fallon is across the street, as well.” Her gaze shifted to Trevor. “Your mate will be safe here.”
Trevor nodded. “If your wards are half as good as Fiona’s, I don’t doubt that.”
Tremaine spoke up. “Anyone want something to drink?”
Each of them ordered, and Fiona surprised Roxy by ordering the same drink as her.
Trevor motioned to a stool, so Roxy took it as Trevor sat beside her. Fiona perched on the next stool and gave her a reassuring smile.
Roxy looked over at Trevor. “Why do you keep worrying about William?” she asked, disgust clear in her tone at her father’s name.
His eyes closed, but he answered, “He’s your blood.”
“I’ve never even seen him. I have no idea what he looks like.”
“Yes, but many people struggle to see fault with their blood.”
Roxy pushed her fingers through her hair and stared up at the ceiling. “Look, there is nothing he can say to make up for what he did to my mother, let alone what he did to you. He’s never once looked for me in twenty-four years. He wants something from me, and I refuse to give it to him. I can’t imagine he could say a single word to sway me. So William is shit out of luck.”
Tremaine grinned as he slid her drink her way. “Smart woman.” His gaze swung to Trevor. “You should trust her.”
“I do,” Trevor answered simply.
“But you doubt. Don’t. Not until she gives you a reason to.” He placed the Americano in front of Trevor.
Roxy turned to Fiona. “What does he look like?”
Her face wrinkled. “A lot like the male version of you.”
A shudder traveled through Roxy. “That doesn’t make me feel any better.”
“Trust your heart, and don’t agree to anything.”
Her blood ran cold as Trevor’s hand grazed her thigh. She turned to find a man standing on the sidewalk outside, beckoning for her to come to him. He looked much like her, only cruel.
“Yeah, I’m not going out there.”
Tremaine moved around the counter and opened the door. He opened it and swept his arm inside with a sly smile. “If you want to talk to Roxana, you’ll need to come inside.”
Trevor turned to Roxy. “Whatever you decide, I love you. Don’t forget that.”
She wanted to shove him, or shake him, or something until he got it. Instead, she leaned in to place a soft kiss to his lips. “I’m yours, always and forever.”

* * * *

William watched as his daughter, the beautiful, feminine version of himself, kissed one of the people he hated most in the world. “What I have to say is for her ears only.”
“Then you won’t be speaking to her,” Tremaine answered, shutting the door.
This wasn’t going as planned. She was supposed to see him, feel his power, and realize her place was with them, not with simple wolves who wanted nothing more than peace. He wanted to bring her into his fold. Together they could do as they saw fit when and where they wanted. The damned Silver Council, that group of mages who policed Others, could be taken down piece by miserable piece.
With a frustrated snarl, William stormed into the bookstore. The wards cast on the building drove him to his knees, his hand landing on the floor to catch himself.
He tried to summon his power but found it severed. He glared up at the man who had greeted him. There was something familiar about him.
The stunning, otherworldly woman crossed her arms over her chest, seemingly satisfied with his present state. “Don’t worry. Your magic will come rushing back the moment you step outside. The whole point of meeting here was to prevent you from harming anyone, and your intent is clearly to harm.”
Pushing himself to his feet, he attempted to clarify, “I came to convince my daughter whose side she should be on.”
Roxana took that moment to stand and join the conversation, her hands landed on her hips. “You want me to listen to the sperm-donor?”
Tremaine snickered as his gaze flicked to Trevor. “You’ve got nothing to worry about, pal.”
“Your mother didn’t paint a very flattering picture of me, did she?”
“You were caught cheating while she was pregnant with me. You haven’t even tried to contact me in twenty-four years. What? Did you think I would take your side? Yeah, not happening.”
“I wasn’t cheating on your mother.”
She snorted.
William attempted a warm smile. “Kathryn is my mate. Your mother was foolish enough to believe me when I said I loved her.”
“Which is exactly why I won’t make that same mistake.”
“Ah, but she wasn’t my blood, my flesh. I had no desire to train her to her full potential. You, on the other hand, you are my daughter, and you will learn my ways.”
“See, the little Fiona told me of your ways has already convinced me I have no interest in learning a damned thing from you.”
He moved closer to her, and she stepped back. “Won’t you let your father embrace you?”
“Oh, no. Not in a million years. A man has to earn that title, and you haven’t done so.”
“What about your mate. You trust him? The man who nearly killed me.”
“Considering you raped and killed his sister, I can’t say I blame him.”
“I wouldn’t go that far. She’s the one who came onto me. She…”
Trevor growled but didn’t stand up.
Roxana threw up her hand. “You’re wasting your time. My decision is made.”
William’s patience was gone. He moved lightning fast, grabbing Roxana’s wrist to pull her toward the door.
Roxy’s hand shot out, open palmed, straight into his nose, shattering the cartilage. Her eyes flashed nearly white, a growl distorting her words. “Don’t touch me. I’m not your daughter, blood or not.” She tore her arm away from his grasp and shoved him hard.
He stumbled back. “You will regret that,” he whispered before turning to walk out the door. Pain washed through his entire face. Without turning back, he called out, “You have forty-eight hours to change your mind Roxana.” He tossed a card over his shoulder and stepped through the door. The second his feet hit the road, he shifted into an eagle and flew away.

* * * *

Roxy stood there, glaring at the card, not that she’d have anything to do with him. Then the bastard turned into the biggest bird she had ever laid eyes on and flew away.
Her eyes rounded. “Holy shit.”
Trevor moved into her line of sight where she was still staring at the empty road. He took her face in his hands. “You okay?”
Her head bobbed as she blinked. Roxy took a deep breath. “Yeah. He grabbed me. That was it. No magic.”
“I can’t believe you broke his nose.” He watched her in astonishment.
“Seriously? The asshole grabbed me!”
“I know,” Trevor answered, amusement dancing in his eyes. “Scared the hell out of me, and before I could move he was on the floor.”
“That’s a good thing, right?” Her brow arched.
“Definitely. I wasn’t sure what to expect.”
“Look, I’m not one of those little girls who always wanted a daddy. The fact he never showed up killed any chance I wanted anything to do with him. My mother raised us by herself and did a damned fine job. So, forgive me if I’m glad I broke that bastard’s nose for thinking he had a right to put his hands on me.”
She looked down at her bloodied hand. Disgust passed over her face. Roxy turned to Tremaine with a weak smile. “Can I use the sink?”
“Of course. Come on back.” Tremaine turned on the faucet. “Soap is right here.”
“Thank you,” she said before putting her hand under the water and scrubbing.
Tremaine looked to Fiona. “I thought you said Roxy wasn’t taking things so well. She seems fine to me.”
Roxy grinned as she moved back to her seat. “Thank you.”
Fiona squeezed her hand. “I was going by her shock at finding out we’re sisters, and her surprise at finding out she could conjure lightning. She’s made incredible progress in practically no time.”
Liz placed a book in front of Roxy. “Here, in case you want to know more about druids who became werewolves. There’s some good information in there.”
Roxy met her gaze. “Thank you. I’m not much of a druid though. I can only cast a few spells.”
“You found out recently, right?”
She nodded.
“Then don’t worry about it. You’ll get there. I know Fallon offered to train you. And not all druids shift. There are circumstances which can prevent them.”
A smile spread on her face. Roxy felt more at home with these two strangers than her supposed father. “Thank you, Tremaine and Liz. It was nice to meet you both.”
Trevor lifted a hand in a wave as he stood. Once Roxy was on her feet, he took her hand and they walked outside.
Fiona stayed behind a moment, quietly speaking with their hosts.
Once Trevor and Roxy were both seated back in his SUV, Trevor turned toward Roxy. “You keep amazing me.”
Chapter 33


Later that evening, Joey convinced the clan to enjoy a night out at In 2 Deep, in Edenton. They were all gathered around a pool table, taking turns singing karaoke. Though Fiona and Nick seemed to avoid the stage.
Roxy sipped her Lemon Drop, enjoying her view of Trevor’s hard body stretched across the table to line up a shot.
“You met Tremaine?” Sorcha asked quietly. “I’ve only heard about him.”
“Oh?” Roxy tilted her head toward Sorcha.
“Fiona had fling with him forever ago.”
“Hmm, I guess I can’t imagine her with anyone but Nick.”
“Joey’s mentioned it a few times.”
“I’m not sure I need to know any more than that.” Roxy shook her head as she watched Trevor take his shot. His eyes locked on hers and he licked his lips. “Man, I almost wish we had stayed back at the cabin,” she confessed.
“It’s not like you two didn’t have enough sexy time before coming out. I swear you’re going for a record.”
Blushing, Roxy shrugged. “That man knows how to drive me crazy.”
“Oh, I don’t doubt that, but Fiona needs to teach you how to soundproof your room with a spell. I don’t need to know how hard or where you want it.”
Roxy took a sip of her cocktail, trying to avoid further embarrassment.
Sorcha squeezed her eyes tight and shuddered. “And seriously, whatever you do to him… I don’t need to know about it. He’s never been one to flaunt his sexuality, so hearing him scream your name is… awkward.”
Her eyes nearly rolled out of her head as she stared back at Sorcha. “What? Were you listening at the door?”
“I was downstairs. You two are fucking loud.” Sorcha snickered. “Literally. What the hell was he banging you against? It sounded like something was about to come through the wall.”
Roxy chewed her lip, thinking about it for a moment. “Oh, the dresser… I think.”
Sorcha downed the rest of her drink. “So, what song are you going to make me sing?”
She didn’t miss a beat, “‘Trouble,’ by P!nk.”
“Fitting.” Joey gave Sorcha a wicked grin. “My favorite kind of trouble.”
Sorcha bounced up, gave Joey a quick kiss, and made her way to the little DJ booth.
“Are you planning to sing?” Joey asked.
“Of course. I even know what my first song will be.”
“What?”
“It’s a surprise.” She gave Joey a wink.
Trevor made his way back to the table after winning. The stakes in their game were a secret.
“This was a good idea.” Trevor leaned into Roxy with a warm smile. “A nice, normal evening with all the people I care about.”
“Just missing Mikey,” Roxy added before a frown pulled at her lips. “How am I supposed to tell him what I am? He doesn’t believe in magic or monsters. He’ll have me committed.”
Trevor took her hands in his. “If you want, I’ll be there when you do tell him. It might take him a little bit, but he’ll understand. When we’re back home, we can invite him to join us when we all go out. I’d like to get to know him better.”
Fiona nodded. “As do I.”
Roxy laughed. “Oh, having a four hundred year old sister is going to blow his mind.”
“We don’t have to tell him my age.” Fiona lifted a shoulder in a shrug. “At least, not until he’s ready to accept our world.”
Sorcha’s voice rang out to P!nk’s song. Roxy turned in her seat to watch the feisty redhead captivate everyone in the room.
“That’s my girl,” Joey said proudly.
“You picked the perfect song for her,” Trevor purred in her ear.
“It seemed fitting. Wait until I go up there.” She looked up at him. “I want another drink. What would you like?”
“Jameson.”
She nodded, and asked everyone else, before going up to the bar.

* * * *

Joey took the seat next to Trevor, and said, “I told you it would all work out.”
Trevor’s smile split into a grin. “Aye, I’m a lucky man. I’ve never imagined feeling this whole. Not even with Caera was it this right.”
“Do you still miss her?”
“Not for a long time. What we had was good, and losing her hit me hard. It’s been over a century though, and she wasn’t Roxy.”
“I hate to say this, but I’ve seen a whole new side of you since you found Rox. It’s good, man. Now you need to stop worrying so damned much.”
Trevor’s hands clenched. “You try not worrying. She’s impulsive. William tried to grab her and she broke his nose. She wasn’t even civil to him, which I can’t say I blame her, but now I’m worried he’ll do something worse.”
“He may try, but you know we all stick together. We aren’t going to let him take her away from you.”
“I know, but you know what he’s capable of.”
“Aye, I do.” Joey looked back up at the stage. “Sorcha’s really killing it.”
Trevor laughed. “She can sing, but not like Roxy.”
“No one sings like Roxy,” Joey concurred, shaking his head, “but she’s not my little firecracker.”
The song wrapped up as Roxy laid a tray down with seven double shots of Jameson and a double of something golden.
“Dare I ask?” Trevor gave her a raised brow.
She raised her glass. “Jose Quervo Gold. You can blame my mother.” Roxy tipped it back with a gulp and set it down.
Trevor shuddered. “And you question my taste in whiskey? That shit burns.”
“I prefer it to whiskey.” She leaned against his side and brushed a kiss over his lips. “You don’t have to drink it.”
He chuckled. “All right then.”
Sorcha jumped down from the stage and rushed to Joey.
Roxy laughed out loud when Joey met Sorcha halfway, wrapped his hands around Sorcha’s ass and lifted her against him so he could better devour her mouth.
Sorcha’s legs locked around Joey’s waist as she ground herself over him. One of his big hands slid up under her shirt.
Roxy let out a shrill whistle, causing everyone in the place to turn to her. At least it caught Sorcha and Joey’s attention before things got indecent. “Get a room,” Roxy called.
Sorcha laughed, jumping down from Joey to stroll over and take her shot. “We’re no worse than you two.”
Trevor balked, “Not sure about that. Joey doesn’t know how to control his hands.”
Roxy blushed, thinking about what Trevor could do with his hands, but in public, he did manage to control himself slightly better than Joey.
Sorcha’s mouth twisted in a smirk. “I bet Roxy wouldn’t mind if you stopped controlling yourself.”
“Alrighty then. I’m going to go do my song.” Roxy placed a kiss on Trevor’s cheek.

* * * *

William drove up to the bar in Edenton. He still had one source out there who had let him know the Irish wolves showed up. This was likely the last time he could use the contact.
Kathryn’s porcelain face was set in a sneer. “What makes you think the bitch will listen to reason? She has already denied you.”
“If it hadn’t taken so long to convince you to come out here, she would have listened to reason. Because of you, she’s fallen for Trevor, and Fiona has told her all of our dirty little secrets.”
“Sure, blame me, as usual.” Kathryn turned toward him. “Why is it we’re driving?”
“We can’t fly her back.”
“So we’re kidnapping her, like Boyd and Dina attempted to do? From a bar in town full of more Others than I’ve seen in one place for as long as I can remember?”
“We have magic to hide us until it’s time to take her. All you have to do is make sure the door is open when I bring her back to the car. Can you handle that?”
“I suppose I have to. That is, if you can even bring her back.” Her tone was cold, like she’d always been.
“Why is it you are so against me having a child to help us take what we want?”
“She’s yours, not mine. How can I trust her?”
“Are you back to thinking I want you dead? If that were the case, I wouldn’t have brought you back from the brink of death when Fiona burned you alive. You should learn to trust me, my love.”
“Easier said than done.”
He parked the car at the back of the lot. “You stay here until I come with the girl.”
“Good luck. You’ll need it.”

* * * *

“Tell Me ‘Bout It” by Joss Stone played through the speakers. Roxy sang the words to one of her favorite songs. Trevor stood at the front of the stage with the biggest grin on his face.
She barely got the mic back on the stand before Trevor swept her off her feet to give her a long, slow kiss. Remembering the near public display of indecency, and the hell she gave Sorcha, she broke the emrace.
“Later,” she promised Trevor. “As soon as we get back to the cabin.”
His eyes stayed on her lips as he echoed her earlier comment, “We should have stayed home.”
A laugh burst free. “You’re the one who agreed with Joey and talked me into a night out.”
“Awe, you’re no fun,” Sorcha whined. “I didn’t even get to stop you like you did me.”
Laughing, Roxy replied, “We’re in public.”
“Fine, but you suck.” Sorcha grumbled, handing her another double of tequila. She kept glaring at the liquor like it was poison.
Roxy winked, and swallowed it down.
Sorcha made an ugly face as a shudder travelled through her. “Gross.”
“Have you even tried it?” Roxy asked with an arched brow.
“No. All tequila is the same.”
“Is every whiskey the same?”
Sorcha’s brows drew together. “No.”
“Then maybe you should try it.” She turned to Trevor. “I’ll be right back.”
He pulled her closer. “And where do you think you’re going, love?”
“The ladies room, be right back.” She blew Trevor a kiss as she walked to the back. Before she stepped into the bathroom, her phone rang with Mike’s number. She took a detour out the back exit and answered. “Hi, Mikey.”
“Hey, Roxy. I figured I should let you know that I’m with Kara. I stayed the night with her. Don’t worry, there was no sex involved, though I doubt I can hold off much longer.”
“Mike,” she laughed, “I really don’t need to know all that. Seriously. Be careful. You just had surgery down low.”
He chuckled. “All right. I’ll spare you the details. I’m up in Mukilteo. We’re house sitting for her parents. We’ll be back in a few days.”
“All right. We’re in Edenton right now, but we’re going back to the cabin before long. Have a good few days.”
“Take care, Roxy. Love you, Sis.”
“Love you too.” She slid the phone into her pocket.
Someone put their hand on her shoulder, singing softly. She spun around, but started to fall. She was scooped her up, and she felt the air shift around her as everything went black.

* * * *

Roxy landed in a heap in the trunk. Her eyes snapped open only to see her father standing over her with the cruelest smile on his face. He raised a hand to hit her.
Roxy sprang up, shoving him with a crackle. He flew back hitting another car with a thud. A tingle traveled down her spine as the world shifted into new colors.
The sound of a door slamming, and a woman’s rage filled shriek, startled her. She took off into the night’s open air, flying… freaking flying over the cars.
A woman climbed off a Harley, removing her helmet. Roxy recognized the red curls and vibrant green eyes.
Disoriented, she somehow managed to land on Fallon’s shoulder. Fallon threw her hands up and Roxy felt the wall of a spell surround them. A dazzling blue light nearly blinded her as Brody gently took her from Fallon.
A hushed song twisted through the air as Fallon backed toward the bar. The dazzling shield followed as Brody held the door open.
Fallon smiled over at her. “Don’t worry, Roxy. If he’s smart, he’ll leave now. Otherwise, the rest of my pack will tear them to shreds before they ever make the door. I, for one, hope he’s stupid.”
Trevor rushed to them, growling at… Brody. Shit, Brody was still holding her in his hands.
She looked down and saw the white feathers with black spots at the end and let out a hoot. In an instance of shock, she shifted back, and Brody dropped her.
Trevor caught her. “What the fuck happened? Are you okay?”
Brody answered, “I think William was here. He tried to take her.” He was already dialing someone.
Fallon sighed. “We had just pulled up when we saw someone carrying a woman over his shoulder. I heard the spell and started a counter. Roxy woke up, she hit him with one hell of a spell and flew toward me. A woman dragged him back into an old Buick and tore out of here.”
“What spell?” Trevor was still growling.
“A sleeping spell.” Fallon gave Roxy a long look. “I’ve never seen a druid shift to an owl, though I’ve heard stories.”
“I didn’t even know I could.”
“It’s good that you did. I’m not sure how easy it would have been to track them down. They are blocking something fierce.”
Trevor’s knuckles popped his fists were squeezed so tight. “I should have gone back there with you.”
“To the bathroom?” Roxy snorted. “You can’t keep me in your sights twenty-four seven.”
Brody interrupted. “We should have had someone watching for him. I’m glad we showed up when we did.”
“Yeah, me too,” Roxy answered.
Trevor took her face into his hands, staring into her eyes. “Are you okay?”
“Little shaky. Nothing food won’t fix.” She hoped.
“I’ll put in an order for you,” Fallon offered, slipping past.
Brody looked out the door. “They’ve left. I’ll make sure someone keeps an eye out for them.”
Trevor nodded. “Sorry, man. I didn’t mean to growl at you.”
“Trust me, I know all about that protective streak when your mate’s in trouble. Been there, done that. Go back to your people and try to enjoy the rest of your night. In the morning, I’ll want to talk to you.”
“Tell me when and where. We’ll make it work,” Trevor answered.
“Thanks, Brody.” Roxy smiled, slightly embarrassed. “I only went for Fallon because I recognized her first.”
He chuckled. “I can’t imagine flying for the first time is easy. Don’t worry about it. Sorry I dropped you, I wasn’t expecting you to shift.”
“Neither did I.” Roxy ducked her head and pulled Trevor back to the table.
She slid into a seat and smiled back at Trevor. “If we’re staying, and we should, your turn for the stage.”
“What would you like me to sing?”
“Surprise me.”
He pressed a kiss to her lips before walking to the DJ booth.
“What happened?” Fiona asked quietly, her nostrils flaring.
“I’m fine.”
“You smell like a…” she tilted her head, sniffing the air, “An owl? You shifted into an owl?”
“Is that bad?” She asked with wide eyes.
“No, but who was your mother?”
Roxy frowned. “Evelyn Nights.”
“Evelyn? Your mother was a druid. She went by another surname until she left your father for the very reason you claim.”
“What?”
“Your mother was a druid. She only stopped casting after she had you. She went into hiding. You’re full druid Roxy. I’m not sure why your brother isn’t, but you most certainly are.”
“Then why couldn’t I shift sooner?”
“Perhaps she blocked your powers when you were young. Maybe she blocked Mike’s too.”
Roxy sat back in her seat and took a deep breath.
“An owl?” Sorcha asked.
She shrugged a shoulder. “An owl. I hope I didn’t hurt Fallon when I landed on her.”
“Hurt Fallon?” Sorcha snorted. “That woman is tougher than anyone I know. I severely doubt you hurt her.”
“Good. She is the only reason I got away.”
Ed Sheeran’s “Kiss Me” floated through the speaker.
“God, I could listen to him sing forever,” Roxy murmured.
Fallon leaned against the table, handing her another Lemon Drop. “Jess says you were drinking these, then tequila. I can bring that instead.”
“Nah. Alcohol isn’t doing anything. May as well drink something that tastes really yummy.”
Fallon laughed. “If Brody wasn’t so perfect, I’d be jealous of you. Gorgeous mate, Irish accent, and goddess, that man can sing.”
“Trust me, the things he can do…” Roxy swallowed hard and turned to Fallon. “Yeah, I’m going to stop there. I’m sure Brody does fine with you. He’s got that big smooth country thing going for him.”
Fallon nodded, her eyes flicking over to her mate. “I can’t argue with that.” She tipped her head in a nod. “You have a good night. I’m going back to Brody.” She waved as she walked away.
“You know,” Joey said thoughtfully, “I thought you had a lot of ink, but she may have you beat.”
“Oh, she does.” Her nose wrinkled, and her eyes lit up. “Come to think of it, I know where I’ve seen her before. I have a magazine with all of her ink on display.”
Joey’s brow arched. “Why do you have a magazine with her in it?”
“I like my ink. Was looking for new ideas for more.”
“You want more?”
“Mmm.” As Roxy watched Trevor sing, he had yet to take his eyes from her. He finished the song and closed the distance.
“I didn’t think I could fall any harder, but you proved me wrong,” she told him.
“I keep thinking the same of you.”
Joey patted Roxy on the back before heading to the DJ booth for his turn.
Roxy turned to Sorcha. “What do you think he’ll sing?”
“‘What’s Your Name’ by Lynard Skynard. He sang it the night he saw me the first time. That was one wild ride.”
“Don’t need to know.” Roxy laughed. “But can he sing?”
Sorcha smiled fondly. “No one’s ears are going to bleed, but neither of us compare to you.”
Roxy smiled back at her. “It’s not about singing like anyone else. It’s about enjoying what you’re singing. I’m sure he’ll do great.”
Chapter 34


Roxy woke, feeling rested and comfortable in Trevor’s embrace. She could hear everyone downstairs, and more importantly, smell bacon cooking. She was reluctant to leave Trevor, but she was hungry.
She slipped from his embrace and padded on bare feet into the bathroom. With more training on her mind, she turned on the shower and stepped under the water.
The more she learned, the more she might actually help in a fight against her evil father, the bitch mate, and their minions Dumb and Dumber.
Warm hands slid around her waist. “Miss me?” Trevor purred against her ear.
She spun in his embrace. “Always when you aren’t right here. You were so peaceful I figured I would let you sleep.”
“We have a busy day though, love. I want to help you get used to hunting and what comes with being a wolf.”
“Hunting? Like I did for my first shift?”
“Hmm, yeah, like your first shift. Though you can easily take bigger prey. Like a bear.”
“A bear?”
“Aye, you can. Trust me.”
“I do, but damn, a bear?”
“Mmhmm. I never imagined I would wind up with someone who had so much fight.” He took her mouth in a deep kiss, raising her hands above her head as he held her there.
She groaned. “If I wasn’t starving, I would be all over you right now.”
He chuckled. “Go. I’ll meet you downstairs.” He didn’t let her go though.
“You going to hold me here?” she dared, fighting not to rub her body against his.
“I kind of like you arched like that,” he answered, his voice husky as he trailed his lips down the column of her throat. “I have all sorts of wicked ideas now. I can’t wait until I get you all alone.”
She shivered as he sucked at her collarbone. “Trevor, baby. Make it fast. I need you.”
He smiled against her flesh as he shifted her wrists to one hand. The other caressed down her side until it hooked under her knee, drawing her thigh over his hip. With one slow glide he found her end.
“Home,” he sighed against her ear, “you are my everything.”
Every powerful stroke brought them closer together. Pleasure washed over her, stealing her breath as he came. His mouth closed over hers, his tongue sweeping into her mouth.
He finally released her wrists, and her hands dropped to his shoulders.
Trevor told her, “You better go eat before I do that again.”
“You’re insatiable. It’s a good thing I like that.” She slipped past him, her fingers trailing over his hip. “Hurry down.”
“I will.”

* * * *

“You want me to what?” Roxy squawked.
She was out in the middle of the forest with Fiona and Trevor. Fiona had already taught her several more spells. They took practice, but the magic was coming easier than it had at first. Now Trevor wanted to hunt.
“Strip down and shift to a wolf,” Trevor ordered.
Her eyes narrowed as she threw off her clothes. “I haven’t ever tried this, and you want me to do it with an audience?”
He grinned. “Aye, but you have, and with an audience. You only have to call to that beautiful wolf inside you and let it flow through you.”
“Right, of course,” she griped as she kicked off the last of her clothes and closed her eyes. She imagined the white fur she saw when she glanced down at her paws the first time.
Without thinking about it, she was on all fours, a tingle flitting through her as her body settled into her wolf’s form.
“She shifts fast, like me,” Fiona answered.
“It’s a good thing.” Then their clothes were coming off. Roxy sat down and waited. They were both fast, and this time, Trevor shifted into full wolf. He was beautiful. Dark, thick fur, golden eyes.
She finally managed to pull her eyes away and look at Fiona, whose fur was light gray and white. Her eyes were icy white blue and focused toward the trees.
Roxy followed until she caught the scent of a predator, and her stomach rumbled in recognition. Instinct prevailed as she took off, running faster than she’d ever imagined. She saw the big black bear walking through a clearing. Roxy didn’t stop to think, she came up on its side and tore out its throat before the bear ever caught her scent.
Trevor and Fiona were beside her a moment later as she stared down at the bear. She wasn’t appalled. Shocked maybe, but not disgusted like she thought she would be.
Trevor bumped into her, nudging her toward the carcass. She took the hint and enjoyed her fill.

* * * *

Fiona led Roxy and Trevor back to the clearing. Trevor took the rear to make sure Roxy didn’t freak out somewhere along the way. Last thing he wanted her to be was upset over killing an animal. There was a period where Sorcha would cry every time she shifted back to human after hunting. Eventually Sorcha accepted it as a part of her life.
They made it back to the rock they had left their clothes on and Fiona started to shift immediately. Roxy did too, so Trevor followed suit. He couldn’t tear his eyes from her body as she stretched.
He already ached for her. It wasn’t like he hadn’t had her every chance he could get. Aroused, Trevor managed to snag his pants and turn his back on them while he got himself dressed.
Roxy laid her hand on his shoulder and softly asked, “Are you okay?”
“Fine.” his voice was strained. “Why do you ask?”
“You won’t look at me.”
Trevor yanked his pants up and spun, catching her to pull her against him. He ran his hand down her back, pressing her against him, revealing his obvious desire. “I’m trying not to embarrass myself, or make Fiona uncomfortable.”
“Oh, but, she can smell as well as I can.”
“I know,” he groaned.
Fiona laughed. “You do remember Nick and me when I first found him. I didn’t give a damn what you all saw. I’m surprised you’re behaving.”
He remembered, and it was damned awkward to see. Trevor changed the subject. “You said you needed to train her, and Roxy seems to be enjoying it.”
Roxy laughed. “I’m not sure I would use the word enjoy. However, I am learning a ton.”
“Good,” Fiona stated. “We need you to practice shifting to an owl on purpose. I promise, flight will be extremely useful when you run into trouble. Figuring out other forms can also come in handy. Small animals, snakes. Things people wouldn’t expect.”
Taking an unsteady breath, Roxy looked up at the sky. “I’m not sure I know how to fly right.” She took a step away from Trevor.
He let his fingers trail down her arm and off. Her smile warmed him to his core. Then she was gone, a white owl standing in her place. She was elegant.
Roxy spread her wings, her head turning from one side to the other before settling her wings back down.
“Fly. There is no other way to learn than to spread your wings and do it,” Fiona encouraged.
Big icy blue eyes blinked up at him before she took off. She flew around the clearing and then came to land on Trevor’s shoulder. He looked up at her and she nuzzled his face with hers.
“Roxy, you are the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on.”
She made a soft sound, then hopped from his shoulder to fly up higher, above the trees a few times. Finally, she landed at his feet and shifted back.
Turning to Fiona, Roxy asked. “Enough? I think I need a break.”
“You’ve earned it.”
“Good. I even know which way to go back.” She took Trevor’s hand, and started into the woods.
“Did you spot this trail from the air?” Trevor asked.
“I did. Flying is better than I ever imagined.”

Chapter 35


Late in the day, Roxy sat curled up next to Trevor. They were both writing in notebooks. She had the itch to play music.
She gave Trevor a sweet smile. “Can I use one?” She nodded to the two guitars sitting in the corner of the living room.
“Of course,” Trevor answered automatically.
Joey groaned. “Don’t tell me you can play too.”
Roxy winked back at him. “I won’t tell you.” She picked up a guitar and sat down cross-legged. She laid her notebook in front of her and tuned the instrument by ear. Trevor shifted in his seat, setting his book down to watch.
Once she was comfortable, she began to play a melody. One which had been in her head for years, but never really fit anything she wrote. She had the first few bars tattooed on her side.
The music was full of passion and love and made her heart soar even before she could tie it to anyone. Now it was complete, lyrics, music, she had even written out the drum part and bass line while she was noodling in her notebook.
She played it through once without the lyrics. Then she went back and sang the song she wrote for Trevor.
He scooted off the chair and crawled over to her. She couldn’t pull her eyes from him as he made his way across the room. Sexy, graceful, full of the power that he’d shown her each time he made love to her.
She melded the poem into the melody and added the chorus.
Trevor picked up the other guitar and started to play a harmony that matched and filled the song further. Then he started singing with her.
When the song ended, she looked up to find the room filled. Fiona and Nick, who had been working on the stew, were standing in the door. Shane and Siobhan sat on the couch now, and Joey and Sorcha had moved to sit near them.
Roxy met Trevor’s gaze. “You made that song so much better,” she whispered.
Shane snorted. “It was pretty good before he joined in, but you two are natural together.”
Roxy ducked her eyes. “We do meld well.”
Trevor chuckled low and deep. “Don’t get me started on that.”
“Roxy, please, help me make cookies before you wander off again,” Sorcha pleaded.
Grinning, Roxy set the guitar to the side and followed Sorcha to the kitchen.
Siobhan joined them. She leaned against the counter to fuss with the spoons.
Sorcha started pulling ingredients out. “I have a question,” she stated quietly.
“What’s that?” Roxy answered.
“Are you really going to go away for a week?”
“Yeah. I think Trevor and I need some time away from everyone and everything for a little while. It has been pretty nonstop since we met. As much as he’s a part of me, I don’t feel like I’ve had the time to get to know him as well as I’d like.” Roxy shrugged. “I don’t think there is anything he can say to make me turn away, but I would like to know more.”
Fiona stirred the pot of bear stew and turned back to her. “It’s no different than what you and Joey did after he turned you, or what Shane did after Siobhan was turned. Even Nick and I went away for a couple of weeks.”
“I’m going to miss you.” Sorcha pouted. “I get it, but I don’t like it.”
“I’m not going to run away with him forever. A week, that’s all. I can’t leave my brother that long either. And you all have to get to know him, so when I tell him he doesn’t think I’m totally nuts.”
Fiona smoothed her hands down her pants. “Do you think you’ll tell him about our relationship?” There was a sad hopefulness in her tone.
“Definitely. Maybe not right away. And well, your age might be a difficult subject for now. We’ll figure it out though.”
Siobhan nudged her twin. “So, you’ll be stuck with me for a week while Roxy’s gone.”
Sorcha stuck her tongue out. Then she turned back to Roxy. “So what do you think about movie night?”
“Sounds good,” Roxy answered.

* * * *

Movie night started with An American Werewolf in Paris. As it ended, Roxy laughed, “Anyone else think it’s strange we’re all watching a movie about werewolves?”
“Oi, but they have us so wrong.” Sorcha giggled. “I still love this movie.”
Roxy had browsed the selections earlier. She found her favorite movie of all time. Before anyone could pick something else, she hopped up from the couch and snagged The Salton Sea from the shelf.
“My pick,” she announced as she switched disks.
“What are we watching?” Trevor’s brow arched as he smiled up at her.
“My favorite.” She licked her lips and nodded to the floor. “Now move to the carpet. I’ll rub your back.”
He moved, and she settled into the chair behind him. He pulled her legs around his sides to massage her feet while she went to work on his shoulders.
“This wasn’t part of my plan, but mmm, Trevor, you do spoil me.”
“It’s no more than you deserve, love,” he lifted her foot to kiss the arch.
A shiver travelled down her spine. She leaned down to whisper in his ear, “I wouldn’t do that unless you want to give them all a show.”
Trevor twisted around with a wicked smile. “Even more ideas and places to explore. I can’t wait to get you alone for a week.”
She placed a light kiss to his lips and nodded to the TV. “Watch the movie.”
They did. He melted against her as she worked the tension from his back.

* * * *

“Okay, that was better than I expected,” Joey admitted.
Nick gave Roxy a smile. “Maybe I should have suggested it in before now. That’s one of my favorites too.”
Sorcha frowned. “You really need to speak up more, Nick.”
“Sorry little bro,” Joey said. He turned to Roxy and shook his head. “It shouldn’t surprise me that you love a good mystery.”
“You should read Roxy’s books,” Sorcha teased.
Joey grumbled, “They should be made into movies, then I’d be up for it.”
Roxy laughed. “What’s the next movie?”
“The Notebook,” Sorcha and Siobhan said simultaneously.
Roxy dropped her head to Trevor’s shoulder with a soft groan.
“What?” Fiona asked as she got up to put the movie in.
“I’m not big on chick flicks, but you all watched my favorite, so I’ll live.”
Shane’s brow arched. “I think you’ll do what all other women do and be a crying mess by the end of the movie.”
“You’ll be sadly disappointed.”
Trevor stood, scooping her up to sit her in his lap as the movie started. She got comfortable and fell asleep.

* * * *

Shane laughed softly as Trevor stood up with Roxy asleep in his arms. Shane said, “I really thought she would watch it.”
“Honestly? I did too,” Trevor murmured. He was sort of glad she hadn’t. That movie hit him every time. She didn’t witness the tears in his eyes.
He carried her up to their room and laid her down. Once the door was locked and he was undressed, he leaned over her to open her jeans.
Her hands slid over his forearms as her eyes blinked open. A smile lifted her lips. “Make love to me.”
“You’re tired.”
She pouted. “You don’t want me?”
“Always want you, A Chroí.”
As he dropped her pants to the floor, she sat up to pull her shirt over her head. He leaned in, reaching behind her to open her bra. Trevor slid the silk down her arms. Her hands went to his chest, tracing over his muscles.
Trevor crawled up her body, trailing kisses on his way to her mouth. He took his time with a slow languorous exploration.
Her fingers threaded into his hair and she pulled him closer. She rolled him over, settling over his hips before reaching between them to place his crown at her gate. Roxy moved slowly, undulating over him, her silky skin caressing over his body with the sweetest sensation.
“That song,” she murmured, “those words. They don’t begin to describe what I feel for you.” Her eyes faded to that icy shade of her beast, but they were locked on his and only love and truth shone through. “I didn’t believe in soulmates, not until you came along.”
He smoothed his hands up her back, winding his arms around her as they demolished any barriers she still held between them. Her love flowed through him, her magic flared, and her wolf pushed through her. His beast met hers and he felt her on a whole new level.
“Trevor, do you feel that?”
“Aye,” he gasped, feeling the sensation of him moving deep inside her, layered over his own pleasure. “Never felt anything like this.”
She dropped her mouth, her tongue twisting with his. He was teetering on the edge when her whole body shuddered, pulling his release with hers. She collapsed on top of him as she shivered.
Pulling the blankets over them, he let out a contented sigh. “My love.”
“You are my everything.” She yawned as she curled closer to him.
Chapter 36


After breakfast, Roxy dropped into one of the large overstuffed chairs and opened her laptop. She was typing away on a top secret project.
Trevor sat on the couch, reading a book when he wasn’t watching expressions dance over his mate’s face. He couldn’t help wondering what she was working on.
The satellite phone rang and his head whipped up. Roxy was too lost in her own world to notice. He climbed to his feet and grabbed the phone from the kitchen.
Trevor answered, “Hello?”
“Who am I speaking with?”
“Trevor Malone.”
“Hello Trevor. This is Slater, the Edenton alpha. I spoke with Fiona early this morning. That was before we got word from Seattle that William Scarsborough is on his way. They have a caravan of vehicles full of people. I’m assuming all wolves.”
“Shit,” Trevor whispered. “How many?”
“Unfortunately I don’t have a headcount, but I know it’s more than your clan. I’m offering our assistance. Not just my pack’s but Tremaine and a couple of mages, as well as Fallon and a few others who are more than happy to help you finally end this threat.”
Trevor’s head spun, a caravan? How many had they brought?
As much as they could use the help, he hated bringing more people into the problem, likely putting them in danger. “Are you sure you and your town want to be involved?”
“From what I’ve been told of William and his pack, I most certainly want to help. Brody has nothing but good things to say about you and Roxana. Tremaine and Fallon both speak highly of Fiona. I’m sure if we ran into trouble, you all would offer your help. It’s the least we can do.”
“Very well then, what is it you need from us?”
“First, we need to know where to find you. I suggest somewhere other than where you’re staying. I wouldn’t want you to give your wards away. Fiona did an excellent job hiding the cabin. Our scouts couldn’t find a trace of your location.”
Trevor winced. “Is that good or bad?”
“Good,” Slater answered automatically. “We weren’t trying to find you to pry into your affairs. Only scouting to make sure trouble hadn’t found you.”
“There’s a meadow a mile east for the turnout of the logging road across from Tiger Creek. Do you have any idea of when to suspect them?”
“No telling. I would imagine we have less than an hour. Fiona has my number.”
“Thank you for calling.”
“Hey,” Slater said, before Trevor could hang up. “I would do anything for my mate, and it looks like this asshole has made your mate his target. We’ll help however we can. Be careful.”
“Aye, we will.” Trevor hung up. He walked right past Joey and Shane who were both standing there listening to the entire conversation.
“Hey, arsehole, what are you doing?” Joey asked.
Trevor snarled, “Attempting the impossible.” He knelt beside Roxy and brushed his knuckles down her cheek.
She looked up at him with a smile. “What’s up?”
He took a deep breath. “William and his entire pack are on their way. Is there any chance I could talk you into staying here?”
Roxy’s eyes narrowed to slits as she closed her laptop and set it aside. “Absolutely not. If I don’t show up, William is likely to tear you apart and there won’t be a damned thing I can do about it. I can’t take that chance, Trevor.”
“I had to try. He’s pissed which makes him unpredictable and very dangerous. I’m not sure he wants you now, as much as he wants to destroy us. I can’t lose you, A Chroí.”
“Then we’ll work together. That’s why we’ve been training, right?”
“She has a point,” Joey chuckled. “I could have told you it was a waste of time to ask. Roxy will be fine. It’s you I’m worried about, Trevor.”
“Yeah,” Shane added. “You need to remember to watch your back. Our women can take care of themselves. You need to take care of you.”
Trevor took a deep breath and pushed his fingers through his hair. “I know, but she’s a pup.”
“A pup?” Roxy growled, her eyes flashing pale blue.
“Not what I meant, love. You’re a brand new wolf. You’re just now learning about your magic. There is so much that could go wrong, and I’m scared to death of losing you.”
Her expression softened as she took his face in her hands. “And I’m not scared of losing you?”
“It’s not the same.”
“It’s exactly the same, Trevor.”
Maybe it was, but it didn’t make Trevor feel any better. He looked up at Shane. “I think maybe Fiona and Roxy should stay in their present form. The three of us half-man. The rest wolf. It should give us the advantage. If they have the same clan from before, only Boyd can shift to half beast.”
“Unless they gained some power along the way, but you’re right, that’s a good plan.”
“I can always shift if I need to,” Roxy answered.
“Hmm, yes, but you can use magic in this form.” Fiona offered Roxy a smile. “Until you can manage a half-man form you won’t be able to cast everything as a wolf.”
Roxy turned toward Trevor with wide eyes. Her fingers threaded through his. “I don’t remember a whole lot from the night of my attack, not clearly anyway, but you were huge in that form.”
“We’re all are big in that form,” Trevor told her softly. “Did I frighten you then?”
“No. I was hurting too bad to be afraid. I’m not now either, but I am curious if my memory is right.” She leaned into him and closed her eyes.
“I won’t hurt you,” he whispered into her hair.
“I know you won’t.”
His heart swelled. He could feel her trust. “I’ll be back in a few.” Standing, he started for the stairs.
Joey caught up with him before he made it to his room. “You could shift in front of her. She’s not going to freak.”
“I figure this is better. I’m worried, Joey. What if something goes wrong?”
“Like what?”
“Like she’s hurt. Like they get away with her. Like she’s…” he took a deep breath, “killed.”
“She won’t be. You need to snap out of this. You’ll get yourself hurt, or worse.”
“I’m trying. You didn’t have those bastards after Sorcha. They never targeted her like they are Roxy.”
“No, but she’s been through the same when they came after me. So knock it off. It’s all of us, okay? We need to work together.” Joey gripped his shoulder.

* * * *

“She’s a what?” Jordan nearly screamed at Leanan, who was calmly trying to explain what Roxy was. The only woman he ever loved wasn’t even human, and never was. “And you say monsters, fucking monsters, are after her?”
“Her father and his pack, to be exact. Trust me, Jordan, you do not want to involve yourself with these werewolves. There’s a town near where Roxy and her mate are hiding. I called their alpha. He’ll make sure your darling Roxana will be safe.”
“She’s not mine. Not anymore.” He slumped into the seat and pushed his fingers through his hair. “I want her safe. I want her happy. Most of all, I want her not to hate me.”
“I don’t believe she does. If she did, she wouldn’t have tried to help you so much over the years.”
“Why couldn’t you have found me years ago? Helped me get myself under control before I fucked everything up?”
Leanan sighed, as she took the seat next to him. “I didn’t know until I got a call from an old friend.”
“Trevor?” Jordan snapped.
“No. We covered this. Joey. Not that it really matters.”
“You’re right. You already said this wasn’t anything more than helping another of your kind.”
Her eyes shimmered as she looked away. “I don’t know what else to tell you, Jordan. I don’t want to hurt you. That was never my intention.”
“Fine. What is Roxy? You said a druid?”
Leanan nodded. “I hear she’s finally tapped into her magic. There was a block on it for a long time, but something finally happened to sever that spell.”
“What?”
“It’s a long story. I don’t know all of it. I know her mother was hiding from a blood druid after learning who and what he was. She was trying to keep both Roxana and Michael safe.”
“Mike’s a druid too?”
She nodded. “I suspect so, but his wards are holding better. He’s likely not as strong, but the male of the species rarely is. He also never believed in magic, which only strengthens the block.”
“Shit. Okay. So, who is going to be helping Roxy and her… what did you call them… clan?”
“I have an old friend up in Edenton. He has a rather large pack of werewolves, but they live with Others of all types. Slater will take his most trusted wolves, some mages, likely an Earth fae, and another druid to help protect your love.”
“Not my love. I let her go, remember?” he snarled.
“It’s for the best. She’s mated to a werewolf. Trust me, you don’t stand a chance against a mate bond. I truly am sorry I didn’t find you sooner. I would have helped if I could.”
“Don’t, Leanan. Don’t try to make it better. You only wind up making it worse.”
“If it’s any consolation, I think you’re meant for someone else. Be patient, my dear.”

* * * *

Roxy finished off her coffee and took a look around. “I’m worried about him,” she admitted. “He’s so focused on me and his fear of what’s going to happen, I honestly don’t think he’s worried about himself. That scares me.”
“They keep targeting you. Of course he’s worried about you.” Shane sat down beside her. “You need to convince him you will be fine and that he can relax. That’s easier said than done.”
“Yeah, I can imagine.” Roxy ran her finger around the rim of her now empty cup. “If he gets himself killed, I’m going to find someone to bring him back so I can punish him.”
“I know someone who did that,” Fiona told her, a smirk on her face. “You may not be happy with the outcome.”
“That’s encouraging,” Roxy muttered.
“He’s going to be fine.” There was a rumbled growl from the stairs. Roxy turned to find Joey, who was already huge, now ginormous.
“Holy shit, you’re big!”
Joey dipped his head and chuckled. She didn’t dare look down. She honestly didn’t want to know.
“So, full on nude in that form?” She turned back to see a cup of tea placed in front of her.
Fiona smiled. “It will calm your nerves, which will in turn calm Trevor’s. Drink it. It won’t do anything but provide you balance to better focus.”
Roxy wrapped her hand around the mug and noticed two ice cubes melting. After such a short time, they were already learning her habits, likes and dislikes. It was nice to have that connection, but it made her miss her brother.
She met Fiona’s gaze. “Thank you. I appreciate it.” Then she gulped down the fragrant tea. Her stomach, which had been in knots, settled. As her nerves relaxed, she realized how tightly she’d been wound.
She felt big warm hands on her shoulder and looked up to find Trevor standing there. His face was monstrous, but sweet at the same time. He was taller, broader, but he was the same.
He brushed his fingers over her cheek and she leaned into his palm. “Still you,” she whispered.
He smiled and pulled her into his arms. She felt his love swell, which she hardly believed possible. “I’ll protect you, A Chroí.”
She leaned back and looked into his golden eyes. “Protect yourself first. I can’t live without you.”
“Only if you promise to remember that as well.”
She nodded, but didn’t argue. Roxy didn’t know what was going to happen, but she was determined to focus first and foremost on what was coming for her, and then on what was a threat to Trevor.
Shane ducked his head, “Come on, the rest of us who are shifting should do so now.”

* * * *

Trevor walked beside Roxy, holding her tiny hand in his. He felt as if he could break her in this form, which scared the hell out of him.
Roxy looked up at him, her eyes caught somewhere between startling iridescence and the icy white of her wolf’s. “Watch yourself first,” she warned. “I don’t want to have to kick your ass if you get hurt.”
He huffed a breath. “We’ve been through this, Roxy. I watch myself, you watch you.”
“Why don’t I believe you?” Her hand squeezed his tightly.
“Love you.”
Her eyes flashed brighter.
He nudged her chin up. “All right. I promise to do my best to watch my own ass.”
“Thank you.” Her head whipped to the side. “I hear them.”
Shane shook his head, his expression tight. “Slater and his people aren’t here yet.”
“They’ll be here,” Fiona promised.
“Maybe not soon enough,” Trevor answered.
Shane took a breath and reminded everyone, “Don’t start. We’ll all be fine as long as we’re smart about how we deal with William’s clan.”
Fiona held up her hand and directed. “Find a place to hide. Let them show themselves first.”
Trevor growled low in his throat but he pulled Roxy behind a large tree and stared down into her eyes. No time for words, she tiptoed up and placed a kiss over his heart.
He froze a second later and sniffed the air. He could smell her father. He no longer felt guilty for what he’d tried to do in the past. Now his only goal was to protect her and keep her safe. Roxy peeked around the tree and Trevor followed. He watched as two eagles landed in the center of the clearing. They shifted into Kathryn and William. Then Dina and Boyd stepped through the trees as humans.
There were other wolves with them, but he only recognized a few of them. Fear took root in Trevor’s heart. They needed the Edenton pack.
“This could be very simple,” William stated. “You bring my daughter to me, and she can have a long happy life without you. Or I can make you suffer in front of her until she begs for her death. She won’t have it, she’ll have yours, but she will still beg.”
Roxy reached up to push him back. Her eyes narrowed and she shook her head. “Watch your own ass.”
He had every intention of it. He hoped she knew what she was doing.

* * * *

A cold dread crept through Roxy. She couldn’t help feeling like something was about to go seriously wrong.
“Roxana, be smart. You don’t want your mate to suffer because you’re being a spoiled brat. You are outmatched and outnumbered. Your best decision right now would be to come quietly.”
Roxy snorted, then called from behind her tree. “There is no way in hell you will let my people go even if I come with you. What makes you think I’m that stupid?”
“The fact that you’re still with them,” he retorted. Then he started to sing an old spell. Kathryn joined in.
Fiona looked to Roxy. “Resist. I’ll keep as many wolves back as I can.”
Invisible hands began to pull at Roxy’s clothes, but they slipped past her. She knew it was a spell, but she wasn’t doing anything to avoid it, she was naturally resisting.
“Get them,” Kathryn shouted when it became clear magic wasn’t going to work.
Dina and Boyd came bounding around the trees. Trevor caught Dina, throwing her against a boulder.
Roxy slammed her hand into Boyd’s throat as he came face to face with her. While he was still choking, she grabbed his face and slammed him into the ground, landing on his chest. She swung once, her fist connecting with his head. “That’s for the blade in my side.” Then she grabbed a fistful of his dark hair and slammed his head into the rock beneath him. “And that’s for using me as a punching bag.” He went still beneath her, blood flowing from his head.
A screech rent the air. Her head snapped up to see Trevor slam his clawed hand into Dina’s chest.
Roxy took a deep breath and felt Others closing in. Fallon told her she would be able to tell who was what with time, but she could feel Fallon, one of the mages from the other day, and Brody. She knew at least a dozen Others were coming.
Kathryn moved through the clearing and spotted Fiona who was engaged in a fight with another wolf. With a hate filled spell, Kathryn raised her hands as electricity sparked along her fingertips.
Roxy ran into the clearing. She lifted her arms, calling on the storm that was rolling in. She breathed in the scent of rain and ozone. No one told her she could do it, but she could feel the power humming in her bones.
White hair whipped around Kathryn’s face, and her silver eyes took on a yellow glow when she redirected her spell at Roxy.
Whipping her hand up, Roxy deflected the spell, slinging it at William’s feet.
“Are you afraid?” Roxy asked coldly.
Kathryn glared at her. She threw her head back to howl. Her dress shredded as she turned into a werewolf.
“Don’t kill her, Kathryn. I’ve already told you we need her,” William warned.
His shouted warning didn’t stop Kathryn from running at her. Roxy closed her eyes and called the lightening into a tight circle around her. A wall of dancing blue electricity circled her, weaving to form a barrier.
Kathryn collided into it with a crackle and hiss. Her fur began to burn. Roxy pushed, directing the energy at Kathryn. Once the spell was wrapped around the writhing heap of fur, she turned to William.
“You shouldn’t have been able to do that,” he declared.
“Surprise. I did.”
Kathryn screamed and howled, her body dancing in agony as the electricity flowed over and through her, setting her fur on fire.
“You’ll pay for that,” he charged at her, shifting into his own half-man form. He was fast, but she managed to shift into an owl and fly up into the trees.
William screamed his frustration as he turned in a slow circle. He froze for a second. She saw where his gaze landed a second before he started running. Roxy flew out of the tree and shifted back mid-air, landing on his back. She grabbed his head and twisted with every ounce of strength she could muster. She heard the sickening snaps, crackles and pops as he fell.

* * * *

Trevor had Dina in a chokehold when he looked over to see Boyd bleeding on the ground with his head bashed in. Then he saw Roxy rush into the clearing to take on William and Kathryn on her own.
His heart nearly stopped at the sight, and his grip loosened. Then he felt the blade tear at his side. He spun away in time to avoid any permanent damage.
Trevor punched Dina in the face, shattering her nose and sending her crashing into a large boulder. She fell to the ground unconscious as he slumped against a tree.
Pain blurred his vision, but he fought to clear it. He saw William running for him, but before he could move, a white owl flew at William. Roxy shifted back to human, landing on his back. She nearly tore William’s head from his body as he fell.
She stood and stumbled away from the corpse, staring in mute horror. He wished he could take the pain from her. He slid a little further down the tree as her eyes met his. Tears fell down her face.
Roxy screamed, “No!” Then she was racing toward him as claws tore into his chest, tearing skin and breaking ribs.
Confusion reigned as Dina was thrown from him. He heard the thud and then a blood curdling scream followed by a series of thunks that grew wetter with each strike. He saw Roxy slamming a rock into Dina’s broken head.
Joey pulled her away. “Go to Trevor. He needs you.”
Roxy looked over. She hurried to his side, collapsing next to him. “Trevor, you weren’t watching,” she answered breathlessly. She covered as much of the wounds as her cool hands could. Surprisingly, they soothed the burning tears. “Oh god, you weren’t watching, Trevor.”
“You were in trouble. I had to make sure you were okay.”
“No. I was fine. You should have watched yourself. You promised.” Her tears splashed on his ruined chest.
He managed to look down and then back up at her. The pain was too much. He knew he didn’t have long. “I’m sorry. So sorry, Roxy.”
“No, you can’t. Don’t you dare leave me,” she whimpered, falling on his chest. He could hardly hear her, and his vision was fading.
“Always love you, A Chroí.” Then it was all gone, his beautiful mate and everything else.
Chapter 37


“I can’t lose you,” she wailed. “I can’t. I just found you. I can’t lose you.”
His eyes were dull, staring up at her, his chest wasn’t moving. A sob broke free as she stared down at him. His fur was receding as he shifted back to human before her very eyes. He was gone.
She heard wind and then leaves rustling but Roxy didn’t have it in her to look.
“Sing to him,” someone instructed.
Roxy didn’t question, she did as she was told. She softly sang her song. The same one he sang with her the night before. Her voice broke, like her heart that shattered into a million pieces.
“Don’t stop,” the woman encouraged. “Keep singing.”
She did, but Trevor was cold, gone, and she didn’t know how to go on. She poured all of her heart and soul into the song.
She didn’t register the renewed rise and fall of his chest. There was only the song and the pain of loss tearing her apart.
She felt his hand in her hair, but she thought she imagined it. Her throat closed around the lump and the song ended. Roxy imagined his arms wrapping around her.
“You did it,” the woman praised.
“Did what?” she questioned from her fog of grief and exhaustion. All she wanted to do was sleep. Her energy was sapped and she couldn’t fathom a single reason to go on.
“Roxy,” Trevor murmured. “Roxy, what’s wrong?”
Great, now my imagination is going to torture me.
He lifted her face, but it was only a dream. “Look at me, Roxy. Please.”
Roxy blinked. Trevor was pale, but he was there and he was awake. She looked over and found Fallon sitting next to her. Beside Fallon sat a big ass gray half-man werewolf with glacial blue eyes.
“What the fuck?” Roxy didn’t believe her eyes as sat up and inspected Trevor’s chest. Her hands smoothed over all the blood but she couldn’t find a single scratch. “What the hell?”
Trevor sat up, taking her hands. “I’m okay. Whatever you did, I’m okay.”
She looked back at Fallon. “Did you tell me to sing?”
“Yeah. And don’t get up too fast when you are ready to move. You’re going to be dizzy as fuck.” Fallon smiled though.
The werewolf shook his head. His voice was deeper and rougher, but it was still Brody. “She gets weaker when she heals me too.” His eyes narrowed at Fallon. “Thankfully she doesn’t do it often.”
She smirked back. “It’s a good thing you don’t need it often.”
Fiona rushed over. She was out of breath and scratched up. “You okay?”
Roxy took another look at Trevor and nodded dumbly. He pulled her into his lap and wound his arms around her. “You’re pale,” he told her.
“Part of healing,” Fallon assured.
Fiona’s brow arched. “Healing? Her magic is more like yours. I thought you weren’t very skilled at healing.”
Fallon looked back at her mate and lifted a shoulder. “Seems I have an exception to my rule, for my mate. And it looks like Roxy does too.”
Fiona fell to her knees. “When William died, Kathryn got free. I had to stop her. She’s really dead now, as are William and Dina.”
“And Boyd?”
“He’s not moving,” Joey said as he sat down beside them. “You okay, Trev?”
He nodded.
Roxy shoved him, anger finally replacing fear. “Next time, you had better watch yourself.”
He pulled her tighter. “Lesson learned, love.”
“You two need food.” Shane told them as he made his way into the clearing.
“I can take them back to the cabin,” a blond said. His clothes were far too expensive for a forest hike. Liz was standing beside them with Tremaine on her other side.
Liz nodded. “Let Robert take you to the cabin. The trip will take seconds. One of you needs to visualize it.”
The blond tipped his head, stepping forward.
“Here, take my hands.” He reached toward Roxy and Trevor where they sat on the ground.
The world spun as air whooshed around them. Then they were sitting in the middle of the kitchen. Roxy managed to get up and aim for the sink as breakfast left her.
Then there was a hand smoothing down her back. “Roxy, baby, what’s wrong?”
The mage said, “Sorry. Maybe I should have warned you both first. Some people get sick when they translocate. I need to get back. We’re trying to round up the ones who got away.” Then he was gone.

* * * *

Trevor stood there stunned as the mage disappeared. Roxy started to fall and Trevor caught her. He carried her to the couch where he sat beside her, brushing his fingers through her hair.
“You need to talk to me,” he pleaded. “What’s wrong?”
“Exhausted. Hungry. Just want to curl up with you.”
“I’ll be right back.” He hurried into the kitchen, grabbed a hunk of the bear meat Joey brought back yesterday, and a bottle of water. While he cared for her, his mind recounted the memory of darkness, and then light as he floated through nothing. All he saw were Roxy’s pale blue eyes as she pleaded with him not to go.
He ran his hand over his chest where Dina had torn him open. There was no damage, only drying blood. He slid his hand to where Dina had cut him with the silver blade and found no hint of the wound.
Everything clicked. Roxy had healed him. Fiona was wiped out right after finding Nick because she had done the same thing. They hadn’t even mated and she had healed him of all the damage.
Fiona could help heal bad injuries, but not like she could for Nick. Roxy had done the same for him.
He hurried back to Roxy and sat down beside her. “Eat, then drink. I’ll be right back.”
She caught his hand with more force than she should have. “Don’t go. I need you here.” There were tears in her eyes again. “Can’t lose you.”
“Roxana, I’m not leaving. I need to clean up the blood,” he explained.
She looked down at herself and shook her head. “Wait. I need to shower too.” Her gaze locked on his. “Please?”
“I’m right here,” he knelt on the floor beside her. She saw me die, I was gone. Shit. “You eat and drink what I brought you, then we’ll shower, together.”
Her head bobbed, she took the meat he handed her and ate it. Then she downed the water.
Trevor didn’t wait. He scooped her up and wound her arms around his neck, burying her face against his neck.
“I thought you were gone,” she wept.
“I’m here, right here. You kept me here. You, no one else, A Chroí.”
He climbed the stairs, stepped into their room and into the adjoining bathroom. After sitting her on the counter, he started the water. When he turned, he found her stripping out of her clothes.
Before she could look at her hands again, he swept her off her feet and carried her under the water.
He held her tight. “I’m sorry. I should have listened to you.”
Her head snapped up, her eyes widening as her bottom lip trembled.
Trevor continued, “I thought she was down, and then you were fighting with William. You scared the hell out of me. Then he was coming, and you did what I couldn’t. I’m so sorry you had to be the one to kill him.”
“I don’t care about him!” she shouted, shoving at him. “I was fine. You let that bitch kill you. You didn’t keep an eye on her.”
He took her face in his hands. “I can’t change that, but I’ve learned my lesson. You killed her, and then you turned around and saved me. I won’t make that mistake again. It’s all I can give you.”
She fell into him, and he held her tight. “I’ll take it.”

* * * *

Twenty minutes later, Roxy was feeling more herself. Trevor held her on the couch. She stared up at him and smiled. “Think you might take me to Ireland?”
“When?” he asked.
“Tomorrow?”
“Do you have a passport?”
“I do,” she grinned. “Never used it, but always wanted to travel.”
“Why did you never go?”
“Never had anyone to go with.” She shrugged, running her fingers over his heart. “Now I do.”
He pressed her hand to his chest. “I know what I want to have tattooed there.”
Her eyes sparkled as she smiled. “What’s that?”
“It’s a surprise.”
Joey threw the door open, and several wolves hurried up the stairs, with Joey and Shane following them.
“Right, they need to change.” Roxy let out a strained laugh as Fiona walked over and slumped into the chair.
Fiona asked, “You okay, Roxy?”
“Better than I was,” she smiled weakly. There was still a twinge of heartbreak lingering. She’d seen Trevor dead on the ground and had a feeling the sight would give her nightmares for a longtime.
“Roxy, love, I’m right here,” Trevor soothed, sensing her pain.
“I know.”
Fiona sighed. “Fallon and Brody will be here before long. I left the wards down and we gave them the coordinates. They managed to round up Boyd and the other two survivors. The rest are dead, no one got away, but now we all need to decide what to do with him, and the other two. I’ve never seen them. Neither had Shane or Joey.”
Joey came thundering down the stairs with Sorcha on his heels. As soon as they made the first floor, Sorcha slipped around Joey.
“Oh my god, Roxy, are you okay?” Sorcha was near tears.
“Fine. Why?”
“You were a mess when he…” her eyes cut to Trevor and narrowed, “when he had to go be a stupid man, and get himself killed!”
Roxy growled, her eyes flashing to Sorcha. “Leave him alone.”
Trevor chuckled, tipping her face back to his. “Roxy, I was pretty stupid, you said so yourself.”
She frowned. “Sorcha doesn’t get to call you stupid.”
He took a quick kiss. “She’s fine,” Trevor told Sorcha.
Joey shook his head. “You were pretty damned stupid, Trevor.”
Roxy couldn’t stop the growl, even knowing she completely agreed.
“See, you’re one of us now, sis.” Joey ruffled her hair.
She slapped his hand away and he yelped.
“Damn, way to shock me!”
With a sheepish grin, she shrugged, “Sorry, Joey. Try not to piss me off yet. I don’t have a handle on the magic.”
“Forgiven. You brought him back to us. Without you,” he shook his head, closing his eyes, “I don’t want to think about that. So, thank you, Rox.”
“My pleasure.”
There was a knock on the door. Siobhan opened it as Shane came into the living room with Nick.
Siobhan said, “Hi, right this way.” She led Brody and Fallon into to the living room.
Brody cut right to the chase. “We have Boyd Hargrave, Ian Clive, and Judith Collins in custody. They’re locked up in silver cells until you all decide what to do with them.”
Trevor growled, “Boyd is still alive?”
“He’s still unconscious,” Fallon offered. “I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s a vegetable the way his skull is shattered.”
Trevor shook his head, squeezing Roxy tight.
She shrugged. “I didn’t want him getting back up. There were a lot of wolves. I went for who I could.”
Fiona spoke up. “I can banish them from the surrounding lands. It would probably stretch in a three hundred mile radius, give or take.”
“How does that work?” Brody asked.
“Once we send them off, I would cast a spell that would repel them from this spot. If they manage to step across the border, they will spontaneously self-combust. It’s not pretty, and it’s an old spell, but it would effectively keep them from coming back.”
Fallon shrugged. “If you all are comfortable with that, we are. However, it won’t protect anyone who leaves the area.”
“The two new wolves aren’t likely to come back. They’ll find a new pack and maybe learn to be proper wolves. Boyd, well, if he’s brain-dead, there’s not much that can be done for him other than kill him.”
“Shit,” Roxy cursed.
Trevor tipped her head up. “You wouldn’t have to be the one who does it.”
“I know.” She nodded, but then shook her head. “I wish I had killed him. Then it wouldn’t even be a conversation.”
“Roxy, you were busy kicking some ass. How were you to know he wasn’t really dead?”
“They’re in lockdown when you’re ready. If you ever need anything let us know,” Fallon offered before starting for the door.
Siobhan let them out. As soon as Brody and Fallon were out of hearing distance, everyone bombarded Roxy and Trevor with questions.
Chapter 38


Almost two weeks later, Roxy stood under Trevor’s arm at Sea-Tac airport arrivals, waiting on Mikey to show up. Her hands trembled in her pockets.
She looked up at Trevor with a sad smile. “I don’t know what to tell him.”
“He’s your brother, Roxy. If you aren’t ready you don’t have to tell him anything. You should tell him something, even if it’s as simple as you’re moving in with me.”
A single shoulder lifted in a shrug, and a smirk lifted one side of her mouth. “Only because you have the bigger place, you’re closer to Mikey, and you already agreed I could bring everything I want to bring.”
“If you would rather stay in your condo, I don’t mind.” He squeezed her tighter. “Really, I wouldn’t. My only requirement is you there.”
“No. Your place is better. It’s just figuring out how to tell him.”
Mikey pulled to the curb in his ancient blue van and climbed out as Trevor and Roxy grabbed their bags. Mikey had the very back opened up in time for the luggage to go in.
Roxy hugged her brother. A million things she wanted to say swirled through her mind, but she didn’t know how to say a single one.
“I missed you, Sis. Did you have a good trip?”
“Amazing trip. One day, I’ll take you.” She leaned back and smiled up at Mikey. “It was beautiful, and so magical.”
Laughing, Mikey nodded. “If you say so, Roxy.” He took Trevor’s hand. “Good to see you too, Trevor.”
“Aye, Mike. I look forward to getting to know you.”
“Good, I don’t like it when Roxy’s gone that long.” He reached over to squeeze her shoulder. “We should go though. Where are we headed?”
“My place,” Roxy answered. She wanted to figure out what to start packing.

* * * *

Trevor pulled her into the hall. He gave her a gentle kiss. “Talk to him. I need to go make sure there’s some food at home.”
“Love you,” she whispered.
“Always love you, A Chroí.” He backed away, that shy smile on his face as he waved.
With a sigh, she went back inside.
Mikey stood in her living room. “So what is it? Are you pregnant? Is that why you need to talk to me?”
Roxy swallowed hard. “Uh, no. I am going to move in with him.”
Mike’s mouth fell open. His eyes blinked. Then he blurted out, “You haven’t even known him three weeks. What the hell are you thinking?”
“That I’m in love, and I know that’s not changing. We’re also going to be getting married in a couple months.”
“Holy shit, Roxy. Do you hear yourself?”
She sat down on the couch and patted the seat next to her. “Come here. Let’s talk.”
He dropped onto the seat indicated. A hopeful smile formed on his face, but the scent of his concern filled the room. “At least you’ll be across the street. You better call if he does a single thing wrong.”
She laughed. “Trust me, he won’t. Do you really think he will? Honestly?”
“No.” He frowned and sat back. “I worry about you. You haven’t really done the whole boyfriend thing, besides Jordan.”
“Yeah, well this is different. I hope whatever Jordan’s doing, it’s working out for him. I can’t waste any more time picking him up when he falls.”
Mikey shrugged. “He’s doing good. Still with Leanan. She is one weird chick, but they work, strangely enough.”
“Good. And Kara? Are you two still seeing each other?”
“Yeah. It’s… good.” His face fell. “I don’t know, it’s not real, it’s just something to pass the time.”
“Sorry. You’ll find your woman when you’re ready. I know you will. You’re a great guy.”
“Yeah, yeah. So you say. I know who my one is, but she doesn’t seem to agree.” He slumped back on the couch and stared up at the ceiling.
“Isa?” Roxy asked softly.
“Hmm, yeah. She makes me feel alive. I know, we can’t get along for more than four hours at a time, but she’s the only woman I want to try with.”
“And it still doesn’t work,” Roxy pointed out.
“Maybe if Toryn finally came in and swept her off her feet, I’d give up hope.”
“Mikey, maybe it doesn’t work because she’s not your one and only.”
“You never argue with Trevor?” he asked with a raised brow.
“Not like you and Isa. Our disagreements are easily resolved.”
“Okay, so when is the move? Would you like my help?”
“You know I would.” She took a look around her cozy one bedroom condo and smiled. “I think I can be ready to move in three days. We’ll have lots of help if you aren’t up for it.”
“Oh, I’m up for it. And you will be closer, in case I have to kick your fiancé’s ass.”
“Somehow, I don’t think that’s going to be an issue.” She squeezed her brother’s hand.
About Brandy L Rivers



Brandy L Rivers is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author. She is kept busy writing the Others of Seattle, Others of Edenton, Combustible, and the Pine Barrens Pack series.
An avid reader, Brandy has always loved writing. She became serious about it as a stay-at-home-mother. With every story her world of characters expands, pulling her new directions.
Living in rainy Western Washington with her husband and three kids, Brandy is already working on future stories in each of the series, and several other projects.

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website – Facebook - Twitter

Or join my newsletter
Or reading group Rivers’ Shenanigans.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton – Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle – Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (Coming 10-24-16)
Untitled: Declan’s story (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds (Coming Spring 2017)

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn (Coming 1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website – Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers’ Shenanigans
Reference Guide


Alpha – The leader of a werewolf pack. Usually the most dominant wolf in a group.
Blood Druid – A druid whose connection to their own magic is unraveling. They now require blood rituals to boost their magics, and to survive.
Dark Mages – Usually rogue mages, though sometimes just mages that use darker arts such as necromancy, blood magic, death magic or other illegal magics.
Druids - Humans who possess mostly nature magic. They aren’t as common as mages. Most tend to stick with other druids. They cast earth and air spells, though most can manipulate fire and water as well. Druids can shift into animal forms with practice.
Faerie – Both the physical realm on the other side of the veil, and the people who come from there. There are many different forms of fae.
Mages – Humans who possess elemental magic. They can either sling spells like weapons or heal, though it is rare for a mage to be a healer.
Mate – Werewolves, and some other creatures, sometimes create a supernatural bond with their soul mate. The bond is nearly impossible to break unless one party dies. The bound couple will sometimes feel what the other is feeling, or sense the danger the other is in.
Others – Any being that isn’t quite human. Werewolves, vampires, shaman, druid, mages, witches, warlocks, fae are some examples.
Pack – A werewolf pack is a group of werewolves in an area. The size of the pack determines the size of their region, larger packs requiring more territory. Werewolves in a pack have a hierarchal structure based on the creature’s innate dominance. Usually there is an alpha who is the leader, several enforcers who impose the will of the leader, and the rest of the subordinate werewolves. Every pack is run differently
Pack Enforcer – Werewolves high in the pack hierarchy who carry out the alpha’s orders or discipline.
Shaman – Humans who possess nature magic. Similar to druids, but not the same. Most shaman can shift into a specific animal.
Shield – A protection spell. Forms a wall usually of one or two elements.
Silver – Wereanimals have an aversion to silver. It burns, and wounds caused by silver weapons or bullets are much slower to heal than a normal wound
Silver Council – Organization of mages. They are the governing force of most Others. Not everyone recognizes them, but they try to police all Others. The Silver Council is mostly made up of formally trained mages. They occasionally will employ other casters.
Translocation – Some mages can vanish and reappear in another area. It is a rare talent.
Ward - A spell that protects, sometimes keeps people from entering.
Warded tattoos – Tattoos usually done by druids, shaman or sometimes mages that have a spell imbued into the pattern. The spell is typically of a protective variety.
Werewolves – Specific type of wereanimal. A werewolf is created when a werewolf in either its beast form, or half-man form, bites or sometimes scratches a human. They are incredibly strong, and faster than a normal human. Powerful werewolves can not only shift into their wolf form but also a physical presence larger than human, covered in fur with enormous claws and bestial head. Their sense of smell and sight are very strong, especially in their beast forms.
Witch – A human who is highly sensitive to magic, and can cast a limited amount of magic. Abilities vary from clairvoyance, empath, telekinesis, or various other psychic abilities. Most are adept at potions which combine natural ingredients with magic.
Acknowledgments


As always, I have to start with my mom who has always been my biggest supporter. You’ve always encouraged me to do what I want. Thank you for everything.
To my husband who probably thinks I’m nuts, and my kids who think I’m the coolest mom in the world because I write, even if they can’t read my stories yet, I love you so much. I couldn’t ask for more.
My Dauntless Indies ladies, you are amazing. You’re all so supportive, and tend to have great advice.
A special thank you to Felicia Tatum for being a great cheerleader, and help with beta reading.
Sarah M Cradit, I love bouncing ideas off you. You never seem to mind the crazy twists I come up with, but then again, you come up with plenty of your own.
Kristin Mayer, even if you aren’t usually a paranormal romance reader, you’re still a great beta reader. I love having your perspective in the early stages of a book so I can make sure some of my supernatural things make sense.
LJ Baker, you are amazing. Never forget that as much as you push and encourage me, I’m right behind you rooting you on.
To my other beta’s, thank you. That goes to you Christine, Magen McMinimy, and Shirley Williams.
Tara Shaner, thank you for diving into my world to edit. You’ve been superb. I appreciate all the hard work and the few odd pieces you had to research.
Preview: Storm Mistress
Others of Seattle Book 2



Chapter 1


Pounding music flowed over Isadora Starling as she walked into her bar, Shenanigans. Only one thing was on her mind, finding someone who would take her home and rock her world. She was smoking hot and she knew it.
Taking note of every man whose head turned in her direction, she emphasized the seductive sway of her hips as she sashayed to the bar with purpose. As usual, her eyes kept drifting back to the only man in the place who made her mouth water. Unfortunately, her best friend was not on the menu.
She slid onto a stool and turned toward her friend and business partner, Lana, one of the few women she truly trusted.
Lana’s molten silver eyes landed on her. A smirk twisted her lips. “Back so soon?”
Isa lifted a shoulder in a shrug before stating, “I’m on a mission.”
Perusing the sultry make-up and her come-ravish-me outfit, Lana snorted. “I can see that. What are you drinking?”
“Double Grey Goose, straight up.”
“One of those nights?” There was a grimace on her face.
Isa responded with a one-fingered salute before turning back to the crowd with the intention of finding a man.
Lana cut in with, “I still think you should drag him home and get each other out of your systems.”
By him, she meant Isa’s best friend, Toryn Flame. More than gorgeous, he was fucking beautiful, masculine perfection. His dazzling blue topaz eyes were lined in guyliner, not that his eyes needed any help attracting attention with his ten-mile long lashes. Silky black hair was teased up in a sexy tousle calling to her fingers. The man was a sex god, in snug leather pants and a half-buttoned black silk shirt open far enough to display his sculpted chest and the beginning of washboard abs.
Forbidden, though she had a never-ending supply of fantasies starring Toryn. The current was her craving to lick every ridge of muscle on her way down to the golden zipper straining over an impressive bulge she wished she could ignore.
They were firmly stuck in the friend zone. He didn’t see her that way, and despite the fact he was sensuality walking, she wasn’t supposed to want him.
Frustrated, she turned back to Lana with a cold stare. “Have you forgotten he prefers men? Last time I checked,” she looked down and shook her tits for emphasis, “I have all the wrong parts. Besides, he’s my friend, my best friend and he,” she glanced back to watch Toryn tongue-fuck his boytoy, “is all over his man, Leon.”
One scarlet brow rose in challenge. “Bullshit. I’ve seen him take women home.”
“Please, when was the last time? Tiffany? And that rare occurrence was over a year ago.”
Lana’s mouth dropped open, “Oh my god, you are fucking blind, Isadora. He’s only with Leon to distract himself from you.” With a glare, Lana slid the vodka to her.
Isa would give anything for that to be the truth. Forcing the desperate sentiment from her mind, she took the shot in a single gulp, causing Lana to grimace.
Driving her point home, Isa nodded back to the two hottest men in the place. “Toryn is with Leon. Has been for nearly two months, which is some kind of record for him.”
Actually, they had been dating exactly seven weeks, which was damn near a miracle. Aside from Leon, he hadn’t been with a single person more than twice since she’d met him nearly ten years ago. Somehow his lack of commitment made her want him all the more. She always loved a challenge, and secretly wished she could be the one to snare him permanently.
Of course, if she told Lana she was counting the days Toryn stayed with Leon, it would prove her point. A point Isa was going to deny until her desire finally died.
With a devilish smirk, Lana shrugged. “He’d dump him for you in a heartbeat.”
A glance back at Toryn easily reminded her how wrong Lana was. Toryn was grinding his hips into Leon who was hungrily kissing down Toryn’s throat. They were too hot and heavy for their public display of sexual chemistry to merely be a distraction.
“Then why is he taking Leon home tonight? And don’t tell me he’s not. Do you see them?” Isadora pointed back at the pair with a wicked grin. It was a gorgeous sight.
Licking her lips and watching like every other woman, and most of the men, in the nearly anything goes bar, she nodded. “Oh, I do, but you don’t see the way he looks at you. Like he’s making love to you with his eyes. When you aren’t watching Toryn, he always stares at you.”
Lana filled the shot glass.
In all the years they’d been friends, Toryn had never made a move, so Lana was wrong, very depressingly wrong. Isa slammed back the second dose and glared at Lana. “You’re full of shit. Pour me another.”
“I’m not. I still say you’re fucking blind,” Lana taunted as she refilled the glass. “If he wasn’t so hung up on you, I would make a move on him.”
That hurt.
Wait… what? Hung up on me? Yeah, might need to have her committed.
Isa took another glance at Toryn and Leon, then grinned at Lana. “If you can pry him from Leon, he’s all yours.”
Thankfully, Lana changed the subject. “Where’s Mike?”
Well-intentioned, maybe, but her new topic wasn’t much better. Isa downed the third shot before answering, “Don’t know. Don’t care. Of course it would be a hell of a lot easier to get laid if he were around.” He was her favorite fallback romp in the sack.
“You torture that poor man. If you’d let him, he’d fall in love with you.”
Which was exactly the reason she hadn’t called and was attempting to avoid him… though in desperate times...
Mentally shaking herself, she quipped, “We don’t work as a couple. Sure, explosive in bed, awesome on the dance floor, but that is where our good chemistry ends. We would drive each other batshit crazy—and I’m not talking about a scorch-the-sheets-way—in a matter of days. Not to mention the fact Roxy hates my fucking guts.”
“Only because you’re stringing her brother along. Plus, she has a valid point. I’m still convinced you fell for Toryn years ago. Like two seconds after you met him.”
She was right, but Isa wasn’t going there. “Go to hell.”
“Only when you join me.”
Isa slid the empty glass at Lana and batted her lashes. “Anyone I should consider?”
With an accusatory glare, she answered, “Plenty of them. Except, don’t take the hot blond home.” She glanced down at the end of the bar for about the hundredth time since Isa sat down.
All Isa saw was the healthy fall of shiny blond hair, way too long and perfect to be on any man’s head.
“I don’t go for blonds.” Isa smirked before turning toward the crowd. Of its own accord, her gaze landed on Toryn, who winked at her.
Lana pulled her back to reality with bite in her tone. “Knowing you, you’ll take him home to spite me.”
Isa spun around, her hands landing on the counter as she lasered in on Lana. “I would not. When was the last time?”
Her eyes narrowed to slits. “Last week, when you took Reese home.”
“Oh,” she shrugged sheepishly, “that hardly counts. You didn’t warn me beforehand. If you had simply told me, I would have found someone else.” It was the truth, Isa never meant to hurt anyone, and especially not her friends. There had been plenty of other options. She honestly hadn’t realized Lana was interested.
“Why don’t I believe you?” she muttered. The question stung. Of course, payback sucked. Lana turned around and hired the guy the very next day, even after Isa begged her not to.
“I’m not selfish, Lana. I wouldn’t do that to you,” she whined.
“Hmph.” Lana didn’t look convinced, but a smirk formed as she glanced over Isa’s shoulder.
Isa fought back a smile as she felt Toryn’s approach. He had a presence she could feel and as much as she hated her weakness, it felt good to have him close. Toryn leaned his long hard body against hers.
Lana grinned as if her point was made.
One corner of Isa’s mouth lifted. “I would be more worried about Toryn taking Blondy home.”
“Bitch,” she gasped.
“Grey Goose?” Toryn licked his full lips as his brow cocked. “One of those nights, Isa?”
Her eyes nearly rolled out of her head, “Okay, everyone stop! I had a long day, and I’m horny as hell. It’s not like I’m driving home. No more judging. Just let me find a man for the night.”
The guy sitting next to her turned with a smile that chilled her blood. His deep blue eyes seemed wrong, his skin too pale, almost blue. She’d seen him before, but couldn’t place where.
Isa glared back. “Not you.”
Amusement danced through his eyes as they dropped to his drink with a chuckle.
Toryn grinned at Lana. “Two Loves and one is for my sweet Isadora.” His eyes held a mischievous sparkle.
Isa snorted. “Is that so?”
“Don’t argue,” he purred in a way that made her want to scratch her nails down his back while riding him into the night.
With a groan, she smiled back at Lana and tossed down enough cash to cover her vodka and the Loves, plus a generous tip. “Where’s Leon?”
Avoiding answering, Toryn quickly finished the drink and placed his empty glass with a purposeful thunk on the counter. “Let’s dance.”
She let the question slide and followed his lead after finishing her cocktail.
Maybe she had a bit too much, too fast, because the world tilted. Still, she managed to walk straight.
“Leon won’t be jealous?”
“Nope, he plans to join us soon.” She could feel his eyes caress down her body and back up. “He told me to tell you that you’re on fire tonight.”
“He always says that.”
Toryn pulled her close and his lips grazed over her ear. “Only because it’s true.”
The warmth of his breath and rumble of his voice only heightened the ache between her legs. Such a damned tease. And if he didn’t do it with everyone, she might think he really felt something for her.

* * * *

Isa smiled up at him, one-hundred-percent unaffected. She was completely immune to his charm, which was likely a good thing. Even if she wanted him, he couldn’t have her. Too many things would be revealed, things she wasn’t supposed to know. Not to mention it would go directly against his orders.
Toryn hated keeping secrets from her. When she finally did learn the truth, he’d be lucky if she still spoke to him. Regardless of orders, no matter what she did, he would always keep her safe.
Playing her friend was torture. He knew all of her secrets, her quirks, everything. Her flaws only made him love her more.
No creature was more perfect than Isa. Her long black hair fell to her ass in soft waves when it was loose. Tonight it was twisted into an intricate braid draping over her shoulder. Sparkling emerald eyes drew him in. And her pale skin shimmered as if a trillion tiny diamonds lay under the surface. A normal mortal would never notice. Isa, however, was the same as he, though she didn’t know. Yet.
Her come-ravish-me clothes would turn a saint. The shimmering black dress scooped to tastefully display her cleavage, and dipped much further down her back to tempt a man’s hands into caressing the soft skin. Completing the ensemble, fuck-me-standing boots covered her shapely legs to above the knee, and made his cock throb behind his fly.
Damn Leon for encouraging him to drag her out to the dance floor. Torture, having her in his arms, against his body, moving with the music. The last thing Leon uttered before traipsing off was, “You need to come clean. Tell her everything. ‘Cause I can’t keep playing this game.”
Toryn couldn’t either.
He pulled Isa close. With a content sigh, she melded into his body. Biting back his groan, he closed his eyes. His dream filled the dark canvas, the vision that made pretending damn near impossible.
The two of them together, in Faerie. Their child in his arms as he sang an ancient lullaby. Her smile was full of radiance and love, a look she had never given him.
Toryn’s accuracy with visions was reliable, but he couldn’t imagine how this premonition might come to pass. With who she was, it would never be allowed. Which led him to believe his mind’s image was only a dream.
Once again, he had to ignore his splintering heart to help her find a man. The task could wait until Leon showed up, hopefully in time to stop him from taking things past the point of no return.
Unless Leon made good on his threats to let him lose control. It didn’t help Leon kept taunting him with an offer for a threesome, something he had enjoyed in the past. However, Isa was not a woman he wanted to share.
The music slowed down, and her hips moved into his body, his hard length trapped between them. Her breath hitched as her arms wound around his neck, and she pressed closer with a needy sound that stopped his heart.
Can she feel it too? Does she finally see me?
Toryn’s final threads of control disappeared in a rush, the temptation too great. His hands curved over her ass, hauling her closer. His lips grazed over the spot behind her ear.

* * * *

Startled, Isa pulled back and their gazes locked. They were doing their normal dirty dancing, but this time it was supercharged, feeling more sexual than playful. Then he moved his hips against her, proving how hard he was. He licked his lips and her body responded with carnal hunger.
Toryn leaned in as if he was thinking the same exact thing.
Her breath stalled in her lungs. She didn’t have the strength to set her cravings aside and stop him.
Leon’s body pressed against hers, bringing her crashing back down. Her heart slowed to a more normal rhythm. Crisis averted, Toryn’s friendship was safe for another night.
Reality was, ever-horny Toryn only missed Leon, who unfortunately, had perfect timing.
Leon molded himself against her back, his hands trailing around her waist to splay over her abdomen. And there she was, desperately close to another huge fantasy. If she couldn’t have Toryn, she’d take them both.
Leon’s deep voice rumbled in her ear, “Sorry it took so long. You two looked like you were having such a good time I almost didn’t join.”
The tempo picked up and the three of them moved with the music. The little trio had become a ritual.
Toryn had perfect pale luminescent skin and shimmery raven hair. In contrast, Leon’s skin was dark ebony, but his head was smooth, and bald. His eyes were black as night and he had full thick lips. Leon’s build reflected his love of fitness. Despite his ripped body, he still managed to move with feline grace. He wore tight black pants and a mesh shirt which left nothing to the imagination. If Leon wasn’t clearly so hot for Toryn, Isa would have made a move.
Toryn kissed Leon over her shoulder, as if to say, Oops, got carried away. It didn’t help when the two of them pressed into her. She had the nearly overwhelming desire to join the kissing.
When they finally broke apart, Isa had only marginally more breathing room. Leon put his chin on her shoulder, running his hands down her abdomen until she leaned back into his chest.
“Lana tells me you’re on the hunt for a man tonight.” He purred suggestively. “I think you could handle two.”
The fantasy played through her head for the millionth time. “I wouldn’t want to be in the way.” She winked, hoping neither of them caught the lie.
“Oh no, you wouldn’t, honey. You would fit right in.” He pressed his hips into her to prove his point, and what a point it was.
One of her dark eyebrows rose.
He licked his lips and pressed in tight. “Right in, Isa.”
“Stop it already,” Toryn growled and pulled her closer. It felt possessive. “Let’s not scare Isa away.”
Stupid Isa, she scolded herself. Didn’t stop her from smirking back at Toryn. “Oh, I’m not scared, sweetheart. But I’m not sure Leon could handle me.”
Toryn’s eyes darkened to midnight blue as he stared back.
Before either one of them could reply, Blondy stepped up with a heated smile focused on her, his dark chocolate eyes devouring her as if she was his favorite desert.
“Care to dance?” His accent was foreign, exotic, but she couldn’t begin to place it.
Something about his angelic expression was all wrong. Mr. Long-Blond-n-Pretty wore black jeans and matching tank top molded over his lean muscles and golden tan. Even if his hair was too perfect, and blonds weren’t normally on her menu, an appetizer couldn’t hurt. She could always ditch him after Toryn and Leon were busy with each other. Besides, she desperately needed a distraction from the two gorgeous men who would ravish her in her fantasies later.
Isadora glanced over at Lana who rolled her eyes but gave a thumbs-up. Her business partner correctly assumed Isa was asking for permission, and the guy did come to her. Besides she was desperate for some action that didn’t involve Toryn.
“Sure.” Isa grinned at him. “I should let these boys get back to their fun.”
Leon kissed the outermost corner of her mouth, tempting her to turn her head for the real thing, but she resisted.
Toryn embraced her tightly and whispered in her ear, “Be careful. He’ll wind up hurting you.”
Before she could ask what he meant, he danced off with Leon.
She felt abandoned. Faking her best smile, she turned to face Blondy.
Needing no other encouragement, he pulled her close and moved to the music. Surprisingly well in fact, though nowhere near as talented as Toryn, or even Leon.
Something was off about him. She couldn’t put a finger on it. Isa looked into his captivating eyes and fought off a shiver of fear.
His smile was slow and seductive, his hands gliding down her back possessively. “You are so beautiful, princess.”
Her brow scrunched and she cocked her head. Beautiful? Princess? Hot, sexy, stunning maybe, but not beautiful. And seriously, what was with him calling her princess? Only Toryn got away with that. Her outfit was anything but classically beautiful. She wore a shimmery black mini-dress, thigh high boots, and more glitter than a Ke$ha video.
“Right, well, you’re quite attractive yourself,” she ventured.
His smile widened. The hair on the back of her neck stood up, and her skin tried to crawl away. Isa shoved aside the dread settling into the pit of her stomach. Toryn’s warning merely had her spooked.
There was one glaring problem. Toryn had the annoying habit of always being right. Always. If Blondy didn’t move so well, she would have walked away, or maybe ran, but a part of her was curious if he could kiss half as well as he could dance.
Yay for desperation, or maybe it was the thrill of danger. Perhaps she was simply a glutton for punishment. Then again, she was too damned desperate for a decent lay. Either way, she needed another drink and slipped out of his arms.
With a confident strut, she headed back to the bar, hoping to draw another man’s attention. Sliding into a stool, she asked for another double shot of Grey Goose.
Lana grinned wickedly, releasing her earlier claim, “I want to hear every detail tomorrow.”
Isa tossed back the booze, set down money and nodded before going back to the dance floor with the intention of finding any other man. She didn’t see Toryn or Leon anywhere, and before she could find a new potential partner, Blondy re-appeared.

* * * *

Toryn stood in the shadowy alley across the street from Shenanigans. He watched as the bastard groped and kissed on Isadora. “Do I stop it now? Or before closing?”
“She’s not going home with him.” Leon leaned against the opposite wall. “She wanted you to kiss her when I stepped up. I don’t know why you both keep fighting the attraction.”
“Yes you do. I can’t tell her the truth yet. How in the abyss do I tell her everything she knows about me is a lie?”
Leon laughed. “Not a lie. Omissions. You left out the past and a few details. Can’t tell me you don’t care about her, or you don’t need her, as much as you obviously love her.”
“Damn it, Leon. You don’t understand. How could you? If I go there, I will shatter every ounce of faith she’s ever invested in me. She’ll know everything. Everything. How is she supposed to forgive me?”
“She won’t have to because there is nothing to forgive. How many times have you swooped in and saved her? How many times did you keep her out of danger? She will understand. She isn’t like most of your kind. I still think you’re really afraid her family will keep you two apart.”
“Of course they will. And she hates who she’s promised to. How do I put a stop to their union? You know what he’s capable of.”
“She won’t marry him. She can’t stand the asshole.” Leon sighed. “She wants you, only you. You’ll find a way to keep her safe, and you will have her.” So much conviction in Leon’s tone, but Toryn didn’t agree.
“I don’t see how,” Toryn growled as he watched the blond piece of shit slide his palms inside the low back of her dress. She moved his hands away as he kissed down her throat. “I want to kill him.”
Leon chuckled. “You see the way she keeps looking around for an escape. She’ll wait until last call and then slip out. Hell, that’s what she’s been doing every night since Reese. She hasn’t had anyone since then, and the last man was a month before that. Isa wants you.”
“I don’t trust this fae. There is no reason for him to show up like this. No way it’s random, something else is going on,” Toryn muttered as he pulled his phone out and called Lonny, one of his trusted friends, and business partners.
It only rang once. “Hey man, what’s up?”
“I’m sending a picture. I’m hoping you know who this pig is. Something is going on, and I want to get to the bottom of it. I have a real bad feeling.”
“Let me guess, some fae asshole is on your girl?” Lonny chuckled but it ended on a breathless curse. “Shit, that’s Evanastie.”
“The Seducer?” Toryn clarified through gritted teeth. “The scum sucking piece of trash they send to awaken changelings?” He felt gut-punched as he kicked the wall. “I want to know who sent him, and I want his head. I don’t care who the fuck set this up, I’m taking him down, because no one is going to hurt Isadora on my watch.”
“We’re on it, we’ll find out what we can. Keep her safe, man.” Lonny hung up.
One of Leon’s brows rose. “You sure Henroyld isn’t responsible? Maybe he’s moving things forward.”
“Aeryana would have warned me. She wouldn’t want it done like this. Henroyld may be a world class piece of shit, but Aeryana would never allow this.”
“Would she necessarily know?”
Good question. Either way, while Isa was in the bar, she would be safe. Getting back before closing time was key, but he couldn’t stand there and watch this clusterfuck without going in and ripping Evan’s head off. Literally.
“Want company?” Leon asked casually.
“No. Not in the mood.”
“You could go get her now.”
“No. I don’t want to scare her. And you’re right. She’s been bailing on the men who pick her up before leaving for the night. I’ll let her handle this. She’s getting irritated and it would serve the prick right if she blasted his ass. I want to stay and watch, but that would lead to bloodshed before I have cause.”
Leon laughed out loud. “You take care.”
“Safe trip.” Toryn nodded, not taking his eyes off Isa as Leon headed for his car.

Want to read more?
