





No Diving in the Shallow End
a suspenseful drama/thriller
by
Victoria Wallin




No Diving in the Shallow End

Copyright © 2019 Victoria Wallin

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise) without the prior written admission of the publisher, except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages in a review to be printed by a newspaper, blog or other social media.


All characters appearing in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons is coincidental.





Romance books by Victoria Wallin

Willow Creek Series:
Autumn Wishes
A Home for Christmas

Forever and a Day: A Historical Romance
A Dog in the Manger – the novel


Crime Thrillers by Victoria Wallin

The Case of the Missing Wife
The Window Watcher
The Favor: A Dark Comedy/Thriller

The Detective Patrone Series:
.38 Special
Jailbird







Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12

About the Author

Chapter 1

Jimmy

Jimmy McKeough didn’t sip on his bottle of beer. It was summer in Florida and you had to drink your beer fast or else it would get lukewarm quicker than an alligator death roll. A cold beer was all Jimmy had to enjoy in life, and he took a few more mouthfuls of the imported beer and raked his fingers through his wet messy dark blonde hair that could use a haircut, and looked out over the pool area of the cheap motel he was staying at.
He leaned his lanky body against one of the poles that supported the second floor section of the shabby U-shaped motel. It had about 50 rooms, most of which were vacant. The walls of the motel had once been white, the paint had stripped and it was in long need of a renovation. The doors to each room were turquoise to give it that Floridian feeling. A rectangular pool was placed in front of the U-shaped two-storey building, surrounded by a dry lawn with a scrawny metal fence enclosing it. There was a parking lot for the residents on the other side of the fence to his right where the U-shape opened up to the busy street.
Jimmy drank some more from his bottled beer and looked over at the white plastic furniture by the pool that could use a cleaning. The cheap plastic chairs and tables were spread around the pool area. He would usually spend his evenings in one of the chairs, drinking his beer. Today was no exception. He was a creature of habit; he’d bring take away food home after work that he ate in his room, after which he had a shower and a cold beer. Then he went outside to down a six-pack or two by the pool until it was time for bed.
He had now taken a shower and his beer was half-empty so he went back inside and got another one from the small fridge in the back of his room, and strode over to one of the white plastic chairs and sat down with a deep sigh, putting the cold beer underneath his chair in the shade. He had longed for this moment all day. The sun was setting, grasping its long golden tentacles over the building as if it wasn’t ready to let go of today just yet.
Jimmy had stayed at plenty of motels during the last eight months. Heck, he could probably write a guide book for cheap motels in the area. But he had stuck to this place for two months now. It was all right; not too many junkies and hookers that caused problems. Not the cleanest place he’d stayed at but he was okay with it, it was cheap, and most of all he liked the fact that it was almost vacant. It had some regulars, like him, but most of them kept to themselves, and the ones that didn’t he got along with fine.
Speaking of which, Jimmy could hear the familiar sound of shuffling feet on the concrete behind him. He didn’t have to turn his head to see who it was; he knew it was Bert from the sound of his slippers scraping across the concrete. Bert was an old timer, a retired cop in his seventies whose wife had kicked him out due to his gambling habit. The guy liked to play the ponies, a little too much. He was the stubborn kind, the type that would never go to a retirement home - even though this was Florida and there were basically more retirement homes here than motels. The irony.
“Hey Jimmy,” the old man let out, somewhat short of breath from dragging his feet over the hard ground from his room to the pool area. Bert was staying in room 4 on the ground floor, close to the entrance so he had easy access everywhere.
“Hey Bert,” Jimmy turned his head and greeted him with a crooked smile and watched Bert slowly take a seat in the chair next to him. 
“Shit, I’m fucking not twenty-five anymore,” Bert exhaled and chuckled after finally sitting down in the chair that creaked a bit, with a six-pack of canned light beer on his lap.
“None of us are,” Jimmy agreed and drank from his own beer. It was getting warm, so he emptied the bottle down his throat and put it on the ground. 
“How was your day?” Bert said with a hoarse throat, the air made a whistling sound in his pipes when he breathed.
“Shit, as usual,” Jimmy said with a blank face. He hated his job, and talking about it made him feel as if he was still at work. But Bert always asked, out of politeness he guessed, it was part of their ritual. Bert chuckled again and opened one of his cans of beer.
“You want one?” Bert asked.
“Nah, thanks, I got one,” Jimmy said and reached for the new beer under his seat and opened it. The two of them drank their beers in silence for a while. Dark clouds were sweeping in above their heads and Jimmy enjoyed the breeze stroking him forgivingly over his tired face.
“Hurricane season’s coming,” Bert muttered, glaring at the sky.
“Yup,” Jimmy said. He wouldn’t mind some rain.
After a while they were joined by Andy, the twenty-something junkie that had shacked up in room 22 for the last two weeks. He was wearing a dirty white sleeveless shirt and skinny jeans sagging on his behind. His tall, skinny posture reminded Jimmy of Goofy, all arms and legs.
“Hey guys,” Andy said and pulled up a chair next to Bert and Jimmy. He had a cigarette in the corner of his mouth and a bottle of Jack in his fist.
“Hey,” Jimmy said. He actually liked the kid. He was funny. Sadly he suspected the kid was hooked to smack. He’d seen needle marks on his arms. Jimmy didn’t think he’d live to see thirty. But there wasn’t anything he could do about it. People did whatever the fuck they wanted. And he was no savior, that’s for sure. He drank some more of his beer.
“Andy, I was just telling Jimmy here that I think a storm is coming,” Bert said looking up at the dark skies. Andy looked up at the gray clouds hovering around the evening sun.
“Oh, yeah?” Andy said. “Wouldn’t mind some rain,” he said and drank straight from the bottle, then rested it on his thigh. His foot started drumming against the concrete ground, a nervous tick he was unaware of doing.
“That’s what I thought too,” Jimmy said and lit another cigarette. He noticed a big, black Escalade pulling up at the parking lot. Some woman getting out.
“Great minds think alike,” Andy said and laughed out loud. He sounded like a hyena when he laughed, Jimmy thought. The three of them turned their heads when they heard the clicking sound of high heels on the ground behind them. It was Dani, the black transvestite in room 44.
“My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard,” Dani said and giggled as she approached them in fishnets that cut deep into her muscular thighs and a red mini skirt that left nothing to the imagination. The three of them smirked. “Well, look at them clouds, do you think it’s gonna rain?” she said and sat down in an empty plastic chair next to Bert. She had a tumbler glass with something yellow in it, possibly a screwdriver, Jimmy guessed. Dani sucked on the straw with her red lips around it. She had done her make-up, all set for the night.
“That’s what we all think,” Andy said, exhaling smoke in the air.
“Oh, shoot, that’s not good for my business,” Dani complained and stroked a few strands of her brown wig back from her face. Yep, she was a working girl. Never brought her clients back to the motel, though. She was smart. Jimmy liked her.
The four of them were a motley crew, but they respected one another, stayed out of each other’s way, passed no judgments. They all had their reasons to stay at the shady motel, and it was not something they wanted to discuss. 
“Just wear a raincoat, it might attract some loonies,” Andy suggested with another high-pitched laugh. 
“You might be right,” Dani said, pursing her red lips.
The loud sound of a suitcase being rolled over the concrete grounds on wheels behind them made them all turn around and look. A new resident was approaching from the reception area. It was a curvy woman in tight, white jeans folded up around the ankles and wedges and she was pulling a large suitcase behind her.  A colorful silk scarf hid her hair and dark sunglasses hid most of her face.
“Welcome to Paradise!” Andy yelled out to greet her. The others chuckled. 
“Welcome to our lovely resort!” Dani shouted, holding her drink up. 
“The last resort!” Andy added and gave out a giggling laughter, and the others joined in on it.
The woman didn’t respond, and Jimmy watched as she stopped at the door next to his and fumbled with the keycard.
“You got yourself a new neighbor there,” Andy said and turned to Jimmy with a snicker.
“I guess so,” Jimmy muttered. He didn’t like it. There were plenty of vacant rooms all over the building. “Just my luck,” he sighed and had another mouthful of beer. He hoped she wasn’t going to stay for more than one night.


Chapter 2

Betty

Betty had put the pedal to the metal and driven to the nearest town in her expensive black Escalade. She had thrown down some clothes, and the essential items from the bathroom in a suitcase and fled. Now she was hunting for a place to stay for the night. She just needed a safe place to stay to think about her next move.
Betty had the money to rent a room at a nice hotel like Hilton; she had withdrawn a large sum of money from her credit card in an ATM before skipping town. The idea of sliding down in between expensive sheets and ordering room service was very tempting, but that would be the first place he’d come looking for her. She should find a motel, the trashier the better. He would never even think she’d stoop that low. Well, things were different this time.
Betty cruised the streets in the nearby little town called Harrisville. There were plenty of motels, all with their large signs high up in the air for her to see from afar. She had stopped at a few of them already, but so far they had all been way too rundown. Betty wasn’t interested in fleeing from one source of abuse only to get herself in possible danger being surrounded by drug dealers and hookers. At one of the motels they had been hanging around the entrance in groups, yelling at each other and she had hurriedly sped away.
The fourth place had a crooked sign in bright pink neon letters that said ‘Paradise Motel’ and she parked up front and had a look. The place seemed quiet, a few of the guests sat around the pool talking. Yeah, there was a pool. This could be it, she thought. She only needed to stay one night. If she didn’t like it she could find a better place tomorrow. She was so exhausted and needed to rest.
Betty paid for a room for one night in cash, using a fake name as she registered. She had taken her sunglasses off for the woman at the reception desk and she had given her a hard look, but asked for no ID. Betty took the keycard and walked into the U-shaped area to find her room. The woman had said it was straight ahead on the ground floor. She dragged her suitcase behind her on the paved ground and carried a sports bag over her shoulder. The sound of the suitcase over concrete made the people sitting around the pool turn and look at her.
“Welcome to Paradise!” one of them yelled out, a young man with a shaved head. The others chuckled. “Welcome to our lovely resort!” another one shouted, he or she looked like a transvestite. “The last resort!” the man with the shaved head added, and the other two laughed also; an older man and a middle-aged guy. Betty was glad she was wearing a scarf and sunglasses so they couldn’t see how scared and uncomfortable they made her feel. She rushed to her room, put the keycard in the lock, got inside and made sure the door was locked behind her.
The blinds in front of the window were shut so she flicked the switch on the wall which made the room bathe in a tangerine light from an old light bulb hanging from the ceiling. The room was quite hideous; she shivered as she glanced at the single bed on the left with a floral bedspread that seemed to have been there since the 90’s. She put the sports bag filled with shoes and other stuff down on the floor. The room smelled a bit old and stuffy.
The bathroom was directly on her right, and she peeked inside. It was okay, cramped, with just a shower stall, no bath, and a small sink and toilet. She looked straight ahead again and walked further into the room. There was a round grayish yellow Formica table and two plastic chairs, a sink and a small fridge in front of her at the far end of the tiny room. She opened the fridge and turned it on. They were shut off when no one was staying there. It made a loud buzzing sound as it started up, like someone needing to gasp for breath from being under water too long. She hoped the sound would subside or she’d have trouble sleeping.
The room had wood panels on the walls and it wasn’t very clean, but it wasn’t too bad. She made a mental note to buy cleaning products. If she was going to stay there any longer than one night. Betty had taken off her sunglasses and now removed the silky, expensive shawl around her head and placed them on the round cheap Formica table over by the fridge. Moments later she was standing in front of the cracked mirror in the bathroom. The lighting in there was ruthless and she couldn’t help but stare at her black eye. It had swelled up and was now turning purple. She was lucky she could still see.
Betty stepped out of the bathroom again and opened the sports bag and got out a small plastic bag from a pharmacy she’d stopped at where she had bought a pair of scissors, a comb and a package of hair dye. She opened the box of hair dye and read the instructions, then brought all items into the bathroom. She gave herself one last glance, then she began combing her long blonde hair. She wanted to change, disappear, become someone else. 
She took some strands of hair between her fingers and chopped it off with the scissors, string by string. Long parts of blonde hair fell into the small sink. It wasn’t that hard to get it straight, her hair wasn’t very full. She cut it off just above the shoulders, and gave herself long bangs. Then she grabbed the cut off strands of hair and threw it in the bin on the floor. Next she opened the box of hair dye, mixed the two liquids and started putting the dark dye in her hair.
Betty had to wait half an hour for the dye to work its magic, so she sat down on the bed and turned the small TV on that was placed next to the bed on a dresser. She sat there and stared blankly at the television set without seeing or hearing with a small white towel around her shoulders in case it dripped.
After rinsing the hair out she took a shower. She’d managed to bring her expensive and luxurious shampoo and conditioner with her, knowing she’d never be able to afford them again. Now that her hair was shorter it would last longer, she thought. That brought her some comfort. Not that she cared about the money. There were other things that were much more important.
She used the old hairdryer set that hung on the wall to the left of the mirror in the bathroom, which actually worked to her surprise, to dry her hair and shaped it with her round brush. Not bad, she thought when she was done and scrutinized herself in the mirror. The black hair lay softly around her face in a Marilyn Monroe-type style and made her skin look pale and her blue eyes stand out. It also made her black eye look less extreme, funnily enough, she thought. She stared at herself, fascinated. She did not look like herself anymore, that’s for sure. She looked like Elisabeth Taylor. She could be Elisabeth Taylor, she thought. She could be anyone.
Betty curled up on the bed and watched TV until the voices outside at the pool area quieted down. When she could no longer hear them she peered out between the blinders in the only window in the room, placed beside the door. They were gone. Excellent. She’d eaten before checking in at the motel but she had a sweet tooth and she’d noticed a vending machine at the reception area, and she wanted some ice for her eye. She pushed down some money in the front pocket of her white jeans, put her sunglasses on even though it was dusk out and opened the door to sneak out.
She was a bit startled when she saw a man standing just a few feet away to her left. He was just standing there, leaned against one of the poles that supported the second story of the building, smoking and reading a paperback book from under the blurry light in the ceiling above with moths circling around it. The man looked up from his book and glanced at her. Betty quickly stepped out, shut the door which automatically locked and hurried to the reception on her high-heeled shoes. There she picked some chocolate bars and a couple of bags of chips from the vending machine and walked back to her room with them in her hands, and a bucket of ice.
The man was still standing there, reading and smoking. He had light brown, messy hair that looked like he always used his fingers to rake through it rather than combing it. He was wearing pale torn jeans and a white t-shirt, and had a normal build underneath them, maybe a bit thin, but still muscular. He looked up at her again as she came closer. He had pale blue eyes framed by long dark eyelashes hanging down over his eyes that gave him a somewhat sad look. Betty could tell that he was a bit drunk from his slow movements. He elevated his arm to his face to take another drag from his cigarette, and then almost lost his balance. She stared at him behind her sunglasses, walking quickly toward him, and the door to her room. He tried to give her something that resembled a smile, and Betty’s hand was shaking a bit as she tried to fit the keycard in the lock on the door.
“Hey,” he said. She dropped the keycard and looked at him. He put his hand holding his cigarette up to show her he wasn’t dangerous or posing any threat. “You should get rid of that Escalade,” he added and pointed to the parking lot. She turned and looked at her car. “It attracts attention,” he slurred. Betty nodded and bent down to pick up her keycard. “I’m Jimmy, by the way,” he continued. He had closed the book now and she looked at the cover. It was The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway. She finally managed to put the plastic card in the lock and opened the door.
“Nicole,” she said with one last glance at him. He nodded.
“Good night,” he said as she closed the door firmly behind her.

Betty spent the rest of the evening on the bed under a cashmere blanket she had brought in her suitcase, munching on chips and chocolate bars until she felt sick, watching talk shows on the small TV. She wished she’d taken a pillow with her, she could have just thrown it in the car. Why hadn’t she thought of that? Maybe she could buy a brand new one tomorrow. She brought out a pen and wrote a purchase list on the back of a receipt from her wallet, sitting on the bed with her legs crossed. She needed cleaning products, strong stuff. Pillow. Pillow case. Bed sheets? Maybe some bread and cheese, to make sandwiches. There was a fridge there after all and she didn’t want to spend all her money on fast food.
She chewed on the pen and pondered over what else to get. She couldn’t help but to think about what that Jimmy guy had said about her car, that she should get rid of it. She hadn’t even thought of that. Of course she needed to lose the car, it was the easiest way to find her. It was very expensive too, maybe someone might steal it, she thought. She’d sort it out the next day. She lay down on the bed and pulled the blanket up over her body. 
It had been very perceptive of her new neighbor to spot that. And kind of nice of him to tell her, she thought, as she curled up on the bed. She hoped he was a nice guy. How bad could he be if he read Hemingway? Maybe she could stay there another night, she thought, as she drifted off into sleep. She was so exhausted even the sugar from the vending machine couldn’t keep her awake.

Chapter 3

Betty


The next day Betty woke up from the sound of a door slamming somewhere and she lifted her head. She felt disoriented and didn’t know where she was. She blinked and suddenly remembered. The motel. She put her head back on the hard pillow. She was so tired, but she had things to do today. Best to get it done as soon as possible. She needed to stay occupied, so she didn’t have to think about what she’d been through.
Betty got up and quickly washed off in the bathroom, got dressed and did her make-up. It was a stranger looking back at her in the bathroom mirror. The short black hair, the left eye; purple and swollen. She didn’t have time to think about that now, she just wanted to get this done. She carefully covered the black eye with foundation and powder, layer upon layer.
When she was finished with the make-up she left the motel room and walked out in to the bright sunlight. She closed the door and walked to the reception desk and paid for another night in cash. Then she stepped over to her shiny black Escalade and drove away.
Betty felt nervous and put the radio on. She was driving back to the town she had come from. It was the best thing to do. She had thought about it last night before she fell asleep. She had to start being smart, leave no traces behind for him to find her.
Her heart started beating faster as she entered the town that had been her home for the past three years. Betty clutched her hands around the steering wheel until her knuckles turned white. She followed the directions on her burner phone that she’d bought and drove up in front of the building of a used car company. Using the GPS would be foolish. She opened the glove compartment and took out all the papers. The car was registered on her so she shouldn’t have any problems selling it.
Stepping out of the car she adjusted her tight short cropped sports top so that her boobs almost swelled over the cleavage. She was wearing very tight dark gray yoga pants that left very little to the imagination and pink sneakers, and she hoped the salesman was a man. Betty closed the car door and put her papers in her hand bag and stepped inside the square building with large glass windows.
Thirty minutes later, after some sweet talk and an inspection of the car, she handed the salesman the car keys and was given a check in return. She had managed to press the price up with a little flirtation and persuasion. It was amazing what a man would do for a little female attention. When she had asked the salesman to call her a cab, he had eagerly offered to drive her himself to where ever she wanted to go. How sweet. Betty had politely declined. 
She put on the black jacket she had put in the sports bag and climbed into the back seat of the cab. It was time to look more discreet. It didn’t matter if she left a memorable impression on Pete the used cars salesman. Her husband would probably find the Escalade anyway.
The taxi took her to a bank where she cashed the check. The bank teller brought the manager out and she was shown into a private room, which was standard procedure for such a large amount of cash. She put the money in the sports bag she had brought with her. This was the tricky part, leaving town with a bag full of cash without getting robbed. But with her yoga outfit and the sports bag she looked as if she’d just been to, or was going to, the gym.
Betty took the bus back to Harrisville, where she went to another used care place on her list. This time she made no fuss. She picked a car that was the most different she could find from the Escalade, a baby blue Lincoln Continental from 1967, and she paid the asking price cash. She had spotted the car on the lot and then counted enough money and put the bills in her hand bag before getting inside to make the deal. No one would know about the rest of the cash in the gym bag.
Betty was emotionally and mentally exhausted when she finally got back to the motel. She had stopped for a bite to eat and then bought the rest of the stuff on her shopping list. She’d also bought some more take-away food that she would have for dinner later. It was now late afternoon and all she wanted to do was lie down on the bed in her room and breathe.
As she parked on the lot in front of the motel and got out, another car pulled up and parked beside her. It was an old pick-up truck and Jimmy stepped out of it with a plastic bag of what Betty guessed was a take-away. 
Jimmy whistled admiringly toward the baby blue Lincoln and took off his sunglasses to get a better look at her car.
“I guess you took my advice,” he said but barely looked at her, his eyes were sweeping over the beautiful vintage ride.
“I did,” she said and gave him a little smile behind her shades.
“How much did you give for it?” he asked and gave her a glance and looked at the car again, the clean lines. It was a bit rusty around the edges, but it still held up nicely.
Betty hesitated about telling him what she’d paid for it. He turned to look at her when she didn’t answer. She bit her lower lip.
“Eight grand,” she said in a low voice. He nodded.
“That’s a good price,” he said, stepping up closer to her vehicle and looked through the window inside the vintage car. It still had original features.
“It only has a radio, and it barely works,” she complained. She wasn’t as impressed by the old car as he was. Jimmy turned around to her and gave her a crooked smile.
“You like music?” he asked.
“Sure, who doesn’t,” she answered. He nodded again. He leaned against the Lincoln and seemed lost in his thoughts for a moment.
 “Don’t keep your money here,” he said quickly and gave her a grave look. “Put it in a storage locker or something,” he added in a low voice.
“Okay,” she said. He must have realized she’d gotten a lot for the Escalade, and she had. It was right there in her sports bag. Man, she wasn’t very good at this running away stuff, she thought. She obviously needed constant advice.
“I thought you’d get a little Honda Civic, or something,” he said with a grin. The Lincoln had surprised him.
“I figured I needed a cool car if I was going to make a cross-country drive,” Betty said. She wasn’t planning on staying in Florida. 
Jimmy gave her another brooding look and nodded.
“I’m pretty good with cars, let me know if you need any help,” he said in a much lighter voice and stroked the side of the blue Lincoln. 
“Good to know,” she said with a smile.
“You never know with these oldies,” he continued. “I can take a look under the hood on Sunday, if you’re still here then,” he said, slower, and put his sunglasses back on. “You wouldn’t want it to break down in the middle of a road trip,” he continued.
Betty thought about what he had just said. God, how stupid was she buying such an old car? Maybe that wasn’t such a bad idea. She didn’t know if she could trust him, but he seemed really nice.
“Okay. Sure,” she agreed.
“All right, I’ll see you around,” Jimmy said and strolled off toward his room. 
Betty watched him walk away and thought about what had been said. Was she crazy letting some stranger mess with her car? Why was he being so nice to her? What was in it for him? He probably just wanted to make an extra buck, she thought. Well, he knew she had a ton of money now. She’d better pay him good, so he kept his mouth shut. 
It was a challenge, but Betty managed to carry everything she had bought inside her room without dropping anything on the way. She put the shoulder handle over her shoulder to carry the sports bag with all the money in it, it was really heavy, and carried the plastic bags in each hand.
Safe inside her room she put everything down on the bed and looked at it. A new pillow and bed sheets would really make her stay there more comfortable. She started opening the plastic packings of the items and changed the sheets. Betty placed the sports bag in the tiny closet on the right side of the bed. She was going to put it in a storage locker at the station in the morning.
She walked into the bathroom to pee and she could hear that she shower was on in the room next to hers. Jimmy was taking a shower. Betty felt a little tingle in her stomach area, which surprised her. Was she attracted to the lanky, friendly neighbor? 
Well, there was something about his scruffy clothes, wild brownish hair, and sad eyes that attracted her. That was her problem; she was always drawn to the wrong men. She pushed her thoughts and feelings to the side and flushed the toilet. She suddenly heard a swearing from the room next doors. She hurriedly washed her hands and got out into the main room, tending to her purchases.


Jimmy


Jimmy felt the warm water drizzle over his face in the shower, soothing his soul. It had been a long day at work. The contractor had wanted them to finish before the weekend, as per usual. Some Fridays they finished early and he could go home after lunch, but today the work had seemed never-ending. Some contractors were regular slave-drivers, putting unreasonable demands on the crew. It usually caused friction, and Jimmy couldn’t count the numerous occasions he had given his many former bosses a piece of his mind. It usually caused him to lose his job, if he didn’t quit first, but he was fine with that. He wasn’t going to let anyone trample over him anymore.
He suddenly heard someone flush the toilet in the next room and he tried to hold the shower nozzle away from him, but he was too slow. The warm, cozy water turned hot and angry as the toilet filled up with new water in the other room, using the same pipe, stealing the cold water from him. He scolded himself on the hot water and swore to himself.
“God dammit!” he said out loud and waited for the water to turn normal again. This was why he didn’t like having next door neighbors. They got too close for comfort.
Jimmy still couldn’t help but think of her, the new resident. There was an air of old Hollywood over her appearance and the way she carried herself, he thought as he soaped up his body. She was rich, no doubt about it. She had that entitled way about her, the kind of confidence that a secure income gave you. Whenever their eyes met she’d looked him straight in the eye, glared at him from behind her sunglasses. He wondered how long she would stay. At least until Sunday, it seemed.



The next day was Saturday and it meant taking old Bert to the races in his old pick-up truck. They’d made a habit of doing that on the weekends. Jimmy didn’t mind. He had lost all his friends after the ugly divorce from his wife. He’d soon realized they were never really friends of his anyway, just people they’d socialized with as a couple. He sure didn’t miss any of the dinner dates with forced conversations on babies or house renovations. That seemed to be the only topics among married people. At the end of every night Jimmy would get too drunk and make an ass of himself. Well, he was now free to make an ass of himself every day if he wanted to.
Jimmy and Bert walked slowly to the parking lot together. Bert dragged his feet to the truck and carefully opened the passenger door. Jimmy stood beside him, ready to give him a helping hand. Bert had trouble walking, and it was a bit of a climb to get up into his truck. He knew Bert was a proud man, so he wouldn’t be stupid enough to offer a hand. He had to be careful not to step on his toes. Figuratively speaking. The man literally had no toes left. Bert suffered from diabetes, and one of the complications was the lack of blood circulation on the extremities. The humidity in Florida had given him wet gangrene, a bacterial infection that had eventually led to the separation of his toes.
“There you go, buddy,” Jimmy said, nudging Bert’s back into the van and then patting him on the back to cover up his aid. Bert panted from the exhaustion and reached for the seatbelt. Jimmy shut the passenger door and went around it and climbed up into the driver seat with ease. “Where do you want to go today?” Jimmy asked as he turned the key in the ignition, starting the engine.
“I think the dogs will give me luck today,” Bert gasped and wiped his sweaty forehead with a cloth from his pocket. The weather was very humid.
“To the dog tracks then,” Jimmy said, put the car in reverse and backed out of the parking lot.
Bert was a man of habit. They usually visited the same places, mostly dog tracks and horse tracks, and Bert had grown fond of sitting at the same table at each place. Jimmy made sure Bert got what he wanted, and bought them drinks and food. He actually enjoyed their outings, it was an exciting environment with winners and losers all sharing the love of the game. He just liked getting out a bit, away from the motel.
Jimmy drank from his beer glass and looked at Bert’s excited face. They had a table high up with a good view of the track. Bert had placed a bet on a dog named Chasing Liberty, and eagerly watched as they prepared the large greyhounds for the race.
“I’m up,” Bert said, holding his ticket up in the air for good luck. His eyes were lit, he was having a great time.
“Yeah?” Jimmy replied and turned to look out over the vast oval outside the window. The boxes where they kept the dogs were on the left. The seconds built tension and then suddenly, a signal went off and the shutters in front of the boxes went up and the dogs came flying out of them. The streamlined bodies of the sleek greyhounds catapulted after the elusive fake rabbit around the track in high speed. It was all over in a matter of seconds; the dogs ran a sprint race from start to finish on the track. Some races were two laps or more, but not this one.
Bert threw his ticket on the table. He’d lost the race. But he still looked happy, there was a twinkle in his eye from the excitement that Jimmy noticed.
“Next time,” Jimmy consoled him. It’s what he always said. 
“There’s always next time,” Bert said and held his light beer up to Jimmy, who clinked his glass against Bert’s. 
Jimmy felt sad that Bert was all alone in his retirement days, that his wife had left him over this; a silly gambling habit. Women. Everything had to be on their terms, or else. There was no full acceptance, no room for mistakes or bad behavior. And yet, men had to put up with all their shit without complaining. Jimmy drank some more beer. It was a damn shame someone like Bert - who had served his country as a police officer his whole career - had to spend his last days in life alone at a motel. It wasn’t right.


Betty

Betty looked down from the edge of the pool into the bright blue water. Well, that was an illusion of course, the water wasn’t really blue. She remembered that from school. Water absorbed the other colors from the spectrum through the light from the sun, except for the blue color. That’s why the water appeared to be blue in the sea or a pool. Everything in life was an illusion, wasn’t it? Nothing was ever as it seemed. She glared down at her own reflection.
She wondered if the water was clean enough to swim in. The idea of cooling down in the water was very alluring. The gray edges of concrete surrounding the pool looked like they hadn’t been cleaned for ages and wore a tinted, brownish-green hue.
Beside her feet there were two old signs. One that said “4 ft” with large black letters that had been painted directly on the concrete. The other was a metal plate fixed with two rusty screws with an image of a crossed-over diver and the text “NO DIVING”. It seemed obvious that you wouldn’t dive into the pool in the shallow end where it was just four feet deep, yet people had to be warned. 
The two warning signs touched a nerve inside her very being. She was the type that dove head first into things without thinking. There should be warning signs on other things in life too. A neat little plaque saying “Danger; stay away from this man” would have been helpful, she thought. Then maybe she wouldn’t be in this mess to begin with.
There was something in that shallow end part that resonated with her as well. Weren’t most of the things we wanted, or thought we wanted, kind of shallow? The immediacy of getting someone’s attention or approval. Like a sugar craving. The want of a quick fix. Lord knows she had those too, she thought. She should focus on the things she actually needed instead of what she wanted from now on, she decided. Or at least try to. That’s all we could do really. Try.
Betty removed one of her shoes and dipped her toes with pink nail polish in the blue water that had a mild scent of chlorine. It was colder than she expected, so she took it out of the water and put her shoe back on, with a hand on one of the chairs for support. She looked up at the sky. The weather was warm and sticky but dark clouds were moving in fast by a brisk breeze. Betty shivered. She suddenly wanted to go back to her room.
Safe inside her room she crawled up on her bed and put her new pillow in her lap, holding it close, seeking comfort. She had driven to the train station that morning and put her sports bag in a locker. The key was in her wallet. There were no more things left to do. Nothing immediate or pressing to keep her from thinking about why she was there. She could no longer push it away.
Flashbacks of his fists coming at her made her hide her face into her soft pillow. She let out a cry into the pillow. It sounded like an animal in pain. She let it all out; a guttural roar, a protest, her whole body objecting to what he had put her through. Then she felt her eyes well up. She lowered the pillow. It hurt in her swelled eye socket, the salty tears in her wounds.
Betty lay down on the side on the bed, holding the pillow to her chest and cried. It was the first time she had allowed herself to feel anything since she had left him. She felt stupid and humiliated; she wished she could just lie there on the bed forever, until she disappeared into the mattress. Into nothing.
A couple of hours later she woke up from a drumming sound. Betty lifted her head from the bed and slowly sat up. She must have cried herself to sleep. Her face felt puffy and she had trouble seeing with her injured eye, but she carefully slid off the bed and walked over to the window. 
She opened the blinds just a little and peered out. Rain was coming down hard outside, and the harsh wind moved the white plastic chairs over the cemented ground with a scraping sound. It was hurricane season. One of the chairs was getting dangerously close to the edge of the pool. She stood and watched as the wind took hold of it and slowly tipped it over and fell into the water.
Betty got the light from two headlights in her eyes. She noticed Jimmy’s pickup truck pulling up on the parking lot. She moved to the left side of the window so no one could see her and kept looking out. She saw him helping an elderly man out of the car. He was a resident there too, she recognized him. The rain came pouring down, drenching Jimmy’s white t-shirt and light brown hair, but he still walked slowly to the reception area, adjusting to the old man’s pace. That touched Betty’s heart. Maybe he really was a good guy.
She lost sight of the two men as they got into the reception area. It was the only way to get to the rooms, the motel area was gated. Betty stood there, gazing out at the rain. It was so aggressive it bounced off the ground before settling in a flood that ran over the cemented grounds. Suddenly Jimmy came walking in her field of view. The old man lived in one of the first rooms close to the entrance area, so he had probably dropped him off. Her first instinct was to remove herself from the window so he couldn’t see her, but she froze. 
Jimmy walked fast in the heavy rain, head down. His t-shirt was soaking wet, she could see the lines of his muscled chest through the wet fabric. His hair was dark from the water. He raised a hand and raked his fingers through it, slimming it back, and then stroked his hand over his face to get rid of some of the water. His stubble was turning into a beard, she noticed. As he walked past her window she stared at his calm face, his long dark eyelashes flicked up as he approached his door revealing his baby blue eyes, and then he was gone. Betty listened to him opening his door, next to her, only separated by a thin wall. Her heart was beating fast. It was ridiculous that she’d be attracted to someone when she was fleeing from her abusive husband, still, there was something about this Jimmy.

Chapter 4


Jimmy


Jimmy knocked on his neighbor’s door. It was Sunday afternoon and the sun was out again after the previous night’s heavy rains. The door opened and there she was. It was the first time he had seen her without her big, dark sunglasses. She had a frightened look in her big blue eyes that went away when she saw it was him. Her left eye looked swollen. Maybe that’s why she’d been wearing sunglasses, he thought. Her shoulder-length black hair was pulled away from her pale face by a rolled-up silk scarf tied around her head.
“Hey. I got some time to look under the hood of that car of yours now, if you still want me to,” he said and she glanced over the plaid short-sleeved shirt he was wearing over a white t-shirt and dirty blue jeans. 
Maybe she had changed her mind, he thought to himself.
“Sure, let me get the keys,” she said and closed the door on him.
When she came back she had her sunglasses back on and a glass bottle of coca cola in one hand, the car keys in the other. She closed the door and looked at him. Oh, she was going to join him, he thought. Well, that made sense. She shouldn’t hand her car keys to a stranger. 
He started walking toward the entrance and she walked beside him. “You wouldn’t know there was a storm yesterday,” he said, gazing up at the warm sun. She hastily glanced at him, walking beside him.
“Yeah, it came down cats and dogs,” she said in a low voice. He nodded and glanced down at her. She was short, only reached his shoulder in her flat shoes. They walked the rest of the way to the parking lot in silence. There she handed him the keys.
“Well, let’s see what this baby’s got under the hood,” he said and opened the hood and put the support up.

Betty

To her surprise the hood opened from the opposite way, at the window shield and backward. Gosh, she didn’t know anything about cars. Betty leaned back at the dusty old pick-up truck parked next to her Lincoln and watched with curiosity as Jimmy leaned in over the engine and poked and pulled at things. She let her eyes sweep over his muscular back and down to his butt. He had a rag sticking out of his back pocket. Nice looking butt, she noticed and drank from her coca cola.
“What do you do for a living?” she asked him casually.
“I dig up dirt.”
“Oh, you’re a PI?” she asked and looked at him with more interest.
“Nope. I literally dig up dirt, with an excavator,” he said with a curious glance at her. A PI? Really? he thought to himself. She must be watching too much TV, or have a shit load of secrets.
“Oh,” she said with some disappointment.
“Do you need a PI?” he couldn’t help but ask, with an entertained glimpse in his eyes. She glanced at him again behind her sunglasses.
“No,” she said quickly. “I don’t know why I said that,” she added with a shrug. 
He nodded, but didn’t believe her. Maybe her old man was having an affair. Or she had a romantic view of what type of people hung around shitty motels like this one. He wasn’t sure which notion was sadder.
“You need new spark plugs, but other than that she’s in great condition,” Jimmy turned to her, wiping his hands on the rag from his back pocket.
“Oh, that sounds great,” Betty said, genuinely surprised that he hadn’t concocted a severe problem, to make some money out of her.
“Yeah, she’s been well taken care of. You can always tell when a car has been loved,” he said looking at her. His words touched a nerve.
“Right. Well, thanks, what do I owe you?” she asked and grabbed some cash from her pocket. She was sure he wanted something for the trouble.
“No, no, no, no, no,” he said, holding his hand up with an embarrassed expression on his face. “I don’t want any money,” he said. They both looked at each other.
“Well, I don’t want to be in debt to anybody,” she said. What she really wanted to ask was what he wanted from her. Why are you helping me?
Jimmy scratched his bearded chin and thought about what she’d said.
“Fair enough,” he said. “Come have a drink with me by the pool,” he suggested. “No strings attached.” He looked at her with those blue eyes, raising his eyebrows slightly. He seemed so open and honest. The truth was, she was a bit curious of him. If she had a drink with him she could ask him some more questions. She watched as he closed the hood of the car carefully.
“Sure. That sounds nice,” she answered.
“Great!” he said and looked pleased. He locked the car, and handed her the keys. They started walking back to the motel. “What’s your poison? I’ve got beer, whiskey and some vodka,” he said. “I can make you a drink,” he suggested.
“Um, yeah, a drink would be nice,” she said.
They stopped by the vending machine to get a few sodas to make the drinks with and some ice. As they reached his door, Betty hesitated. Jimmy turned to look at her as he stepped inside his room and noticed she wasn’t following him inside.
“We can have the door open while I whip up the drinks,” he offered. “You can even wait by the pool if you like,” he added over his shoulder.
Betty watched as he walked further into the room, washed his hands in the small sink, brought out two tall glasses and put them on the round little table. His room looked exactly the same as hers, only set the opposite way. His bathroom was on the left, and the bed on the right.
She felt guilty standing in the door way, it was like a big red sign saying she didn’t trust him. So she stepped inside to look at the books lying on the dresser next to the TV. They were mostly Hemingway. Pocket versions lying in a pile, all very torn. Jimmy hurried up with the drinks, cut a lime in pieces, grabbed a bunch of ice cubes and scooped them down in the glasses, then poured some vodka and soda into them. He used a spoon to blend the liquid, then handed her one of the glasses.
“There you go,” he said. Betty took the glass.
“Thanks,” she said.
“Shall we?” he pointed toward the pool. Betty walked out of his room to the pool area and sat down in one of the white plastic chairs. It was surprisingly comfortable. Jimmy shut his door and joined her in one of the chairs. 
“Cheers,” he said and held his glass up in the air.
“Cheers,” she smiled and let her glass clink against his, then tasted the drink.
“I went easy on the vodka,” he said. “Let me know if you want it stronger.”
“It’s good,” she said and looked over at the pool. She suddenly felt as if she was on a holiday. A little alcohol would do her good, she thought. Make her relax a bit. She was tired of all her problems running around in her head. She didn’t want to have to think about them anymore.
“How’s the book you’re reading?” she asked him. Best to keep things light. Jimmy gave her a surprised glance. “I couldn’t help but notice you were reading The Old Man and the Sea the other night,” she explained.
“Oh,” he said. “Well, it’s great. It’s the seventh time I’m reading it,” he said and took a mouthful of his drink.
“The seventh time?” she echoed with disbelief.
“Yeah,” he said, as a matter of fact. “Don’t you read books that you like more than once?” he asked her. 
“Um, no. What’s the point? You already know the plot by then,” she shrugged. Truth was, she mostly read women’s magazines.
Jimmy chuckled to himself. 
She moved on her seat. His laughter made her feel stupid. She felt her cheeks turn a shade of red.
“Sorry, I’m not laughing at you,” he said, holding a hand up. “You should try reading a book that’s more than just a plot,” he suggested.
More than just a plot? What did that even mean? Betty drank some more of the vodka drink. The alcohol was starting to make her feel warm and relaxed.
“I don’t know what you mean by that,” she confessed. 
Jimmy scratched his temple.
“Well, some books just teach you stuff, about the world, about your own life,” he began explaining. Betty listened without replying. “The first time I read The Old Man and the Sea I was in my twenties. Have you read it?” he asked her.
“Maybe in high school, I don’t remember,” she shook her head.
“Well, it’s about this fisherman, Santiago, who struggles for days to catch this huge fish. And as he is hauling it back to the harbor it gets eaten by sharks, so there’s nothing left of it when he finally gets his boat back to the harbor,” he told her. She could tell he was excited to talk about it, his eyes were beaming.
“Wow, that sucks,” she said.
“Yeah,” he chuckled again. “It’s a metaphor for our struggles in life,” he continued.
“Oh, right,” she said, understanding what he meant now. “Sort of, is it all worth it?” she asked, pondering.
“Exactly,” he nodded. “It brings up all these questions, and realizations and they’re different every time I read it. Your personal experiences change over the years, you see things differently,” he said with an introverted look on his face.
“Hm, that’s interesting,” she agreed. “Well, they shouldn’t give students books like that in high school, though. I was way too young to understand it back then,” she said and sipped on her drink.
“Yeah, I know,” he agreed. “Me too.” They both looked at the pool for a while.
“Can I get you another drink?” he asked with a glance at her almost empty glass.
“Um, yeah. Sure, why not,” she said. He stood and took her glass and strolled back to his room. 
Betty sat there looking at the blue water that was moving by the soft breeze in the pool. It felt so nice to just sit there and relax. She was so exhausted from all the drama lately. The buzz from the alcohol was helping her feel at ease and she rested her head back on the chair.
“Here you are,” Jimmy said as he came back with the fresh drinks after a while.
“Thanks,” she said and sat up properly. She gave him a look. “You’re not gonna drug me and kill me, are you?” she jokingly asked him. 
A shadow moved across his face. Jeez, she was only kidding.
“No. I’m not like that,” he said gravely and sat down.
“You don’t seem like the type,” she said quickly. “You seem nice,” she added. He gave her a grin.
“I try,” he said humbly and drank from the yellow drink. 
Betty looked at him with curiosity.
“So, how long have you been staying here?” she asked cautiously.
“Um, a little over two months,” he replied.
“Is it due to work? Do you live in another town?” she asked. Jimmy hesitated to answer. “You don’t have to answer, I didn’t mean to be so forward,” she assured him, her heart was beating faster. Jimmy sighed.
“No, it’s fine. You can ask me anything you want,” he said. “I got divorced about a year ago, and…I’ve been staying at different motels since then,” he said, looking down into his drink before taking another mouthful.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that,” she said politely. She was secretly pleased that he was single. 
Not that she needed another man in her life. He glanced at her.
“What about you? Why are you here?” he asked her.
“Domestic dispute,” she answered. 
“Sorry,” he said.
“Yeah, we’re a sorry lot, aren’t we?” she frowned.
“I’ll drink to that,” he said. They clinked their glasses together. 
Two drinks were all Betty could stomach that sunny afternoon. She thanked Jimmy for his kindness and wobbled back to her room, a little drunk. The thought of the other residents joining them also stressed her out. She wasn’t ready to meet any of them yet. Maybe ever. She wasn’t sure.
Chapter 5

Betty

It was Monday when Betty woke up from the usual sound of a door slamming shut nearby. She had slept for eleven hours and her head felt like mush. She wasn’t hung-over, not after just two drinks, but she felt something similar to it, probably out of sheer exhaustion. Betty lay in bed for a while longer, staring at a stain in the ceiling above her. It looked like a water stain, from a leak of some sort. It relaxed her mind looking at the beige edges of the stain that seemed to grow wider the longer she looked at it.
She’d had a good time yesterday, talking to that Jimmy. She was glad she had taken him up on that drink. She had needed it. It had felt so good sitting in that cheap plastic chair pretending to be on a holiday for just a moment, chatting about books. Normal things. Now her mind was back to spinning its wheel about the awful truths she had to face. She wished she could just forget about them, erase them from her mind permanently. Pretend they never happened.
Betty thought about how Jimmy had told her he had been staying at different motels for eight months. Was that going to be her life now? Jumping in between different shitty motels, always on the run? She wasn’t sure she could take it. She knew her husband would come looking for her. He had done it in the past when she’d tried to leave him. He had to be in control. No matter what.
She should probably leave the state as soon as possible, she thought. Her plan was to drive all the way to California. Maybe once she was there she’d be brave enough to file for a divorce. They’d gotten married there while they were on holiday. Betty sighed and continued to look at the oddly shaped stain in the ceiling. She didn’t have the energy to drive across the country just yet. Maybe she could stay at the motel for a few more days, rest up and get her mind set straight. She needed to be strong to escape him. She felt anything but strong right now. At least she felt safe, for the time being.
There was an old coffee machine on a shelf above the fridge, and she put on some strong coffee and made herself a sandwich sitting at the round Formica table having breakfast. It was strange, but she felt safe in this crappy little room. It wasn’t very clean and still had a stuffy smell, but she liked it. It forced her to live in the present. Taking one moment at a time. It was so far away from her old life it felt like being in a different world.
There had been fancy dinners and social events all the time in her old life, if she could call it that. Her husband was a very successful business man, and she had been the poor little waitress he had turned into a trophy wife, helping him entertain his clients every day of the week. It was all cheek kisses and fake laughs, and she was so sick of it. Of faking things. 
They had met at a golf club where she worked as a cocktail waitress and he was a member, taking clients of his out for 18 holes and fancy alcohol infused lunches and dinners. Eric had charmed her right off her feet, so attentive and generous. When he’d asked for her number she had said no at first. She didn’t date members of the golf club, it was her work place and she really needed that job. He had insisted, promising to change his membership to another club if he could just take her out to dinner. His persistence impressed her, so she agreed to go out with him. He was a very attractive man with gray eyes and dark hair, in his mid-thirties. He kept in shape by playing racket ball and tennis. Why wouldn’t she go out with him? It’s not as if she had men lined up at the door. 
On their first date Eric had taken her to a five-star restaurant. He was polite, held the door for her, asked about her life, told her funny anecdotes from his childhood, and how he’d built his business from nothing. Betty was impressed. He did change his membership too, like he had promised. He actually showed her the new membership card on that first date. They’d had so much fun in the beginning, he really courted her with expensive dinners, flowers, trips to exotic places, you name it. Betty fell head over feet. After having dated for two months he suddenly proposed when they were in LA, and she was so in love with him she said yes.
After they got married he slowly changed. His attentive side became controlling.  She soon realized he was the jealous type, would start a fight if she had been too friendly, in his mind, to one of his friends. It had come slowly, him putting her down, talking down at her, wanting to control her and everything she did. The physical abuse hadn’t come until the last year. Betty always knew it was coming, his aggressions were escalating, yet she had been so surprised the first time he had actually hit her. He’d always be remorseful, begged her for forgiveness, promised her it would never happen again.
She had tried to leave him a couple of times now, but she hadn’t been strong enough to resist his apologies and relentless chase. But the abuse had just escalated. She had to be strong this time. She was sure he was going to kill her if she didn’t make it out this time. He enjoyed hurting her and he flipped out when people didn’t do what he told them to. He must be outraged that she’d left him again, she thought. Trying to figure out where she’d gone, where to find her. She could see his distorted face of anger in front of her. He wouldn’t leave any stone unturned to find her.

Jimmy

Jimmy walked in a slow stride from his pick-up truck and into the motel area. It was already after seven, and he was carrying a bag of takeout food and a six pack of beer in his hands. He glanced ahead, wondering if Nicole was in her room. He had picked up some new spark plugs for her car after work. They’d been a bit tricky to find.
He had thought about her a great deal during the day. She was like a tiny bird with an injured wing sitting on his window sill. There wasn’t much he could do for her. The best thing for her was to get out of town, get away from her abuser and never look back, like she was planning to. So, fixing her car was all he could help her with and he was happy to do it.
It was late and Jimmy was hungry, so he decided the spark plugs could wait until the next day. All he wanted to do was to eat his Chicken Korma dinner and take a long, hot shower and down a few cold ones. His mind was weary after meeting his new neighbor yesterday. She’d reminded him that the world wasn’t a very nice place. It was a place where men abused women, a place with selfish, careless people who wouldn’t think twice about throwing you to the wolves. A place no one survived. A place where the only good things left was a hot shower, a hot meal and a cold drink.


Betty

After having thought about her ex and his probable outrage, Betty only went out to buy a large size pizza in the afternoon. The rest of the day she spent in her motel room. She needed to feel safe. Watching daytime TV got boring after a while, so she started cleaning her room from top to toe, starting with the bathroom. She put on long gloves and used the citrus scented cleaning products she’d bought and a sponge to scrub the walls in the shower, the sink and the toilet until it was all squeaky clean.
Cleaning was almost a meditative thing for her; it was nice doing some physical work and not having to think about anything other than spraying, scrubbing, rinsing and wiping. It took a few hours to get the entire bathroom done, and Betty felt exhilarated afterwards. She decided she’d do the rest of the room the following day.
In the evening the voices outside were back. She peeked through the blinders to see who were out there. There was Jimmy sitting by the pool, and the old man next to him in a chair, and the skinny tall guy with the shaved head she’d seen when she first got there. The three of them were drinking and talking, sitting in the white plastic chairs.
Betty stood there for a while watching them through the narrow space between the blinders. She couldn’t stop gazing at Jimmy. There was just something about him. She couldn’t put her finger on it. She watched him move, how he slowly raised his arm to his face while he was smoking a cigarette, or had the occasional drink from a beer bottle standing on the ground next to his chair. 
He seemed like one those quiet kids in school, the dreamers that rarely spoke but always had something interesting to say when they finally spoke. She wished she’d spent more time with them instead of the cool kids, the jocks and the outgoing ones. Everything in her life felt shallow now, looking back. Maybe she was just going through a phase. She returned to the TV and munched on some cold pizza.

Jimmy

Jimmy knocked on his neighbor’s door on Tuesday evening. He had got off work in a reasonable time, had his dinner, taken a shower and was ready to change the spark plugs on her car.
Betty opened the door a tiny bit, and peered out at him.
“Hi,” Jimmy said and held up the package of spark plugs. “I got you the spark plugs,” he said and waved them around a bit in the air.
“Hey,” she said. “Oh, right,” she said, distracted. She had forgotten all about that. “Can we do this some other time? I’m having a bad day,” she said.
“Oh, okay,” he replied. He was surprised. “It’ll only take a few minutes, though, and then you can be on your way,” he added.
“All right,” she said and opened the door a bit more. She hadn’t bothered to put on any make-up that day and her black eye made Jimmy stare at her battered face. Betty let him look at her, calmly met his gaze. His jovial grin had left his face, his body got tense and he gave her a long hard look.
“Sorry, no make-up today,” she apologized and made a gesture to her eye.
“Your old man did that to you?” he asked in a low voice. Betty just nodded. “Fucking low-life,” he said between his teeth. Betty looked down, then stepped inside to get her keycard, sunglasses and the car keys and joined Jimmy outside.
They walked to the parking lot in silence. Jimmy was upset over the sight of her black eye. He bit his teeth together and made his free hand into a fist as they walked towards the cars.

Betty

Betty watched as Jimmy got to work changing the plugs. She still wanted to know more about him.
“Are you from around here?” she asked Jimmy who stood bent over the engine.
“No. I’m from a small town in Wisconsin,” he replied, turned to her. “Very different from here,” he added and straightened his body. “A whole different world.” He got an empty look in his sad eyes.
She stared at his face. She wanted to know more.
“Wisconsin?” she said. “Yeah, I bet it is,” she smiled. “What’s it like there?”
Jimmy sighed. He really didn’t want to talk about his past.
“Wide open plains and nothing to do,” he shrugged.
“So what did you do there?” she asked, curious. He glanced at her.
“I repaired cars, listened to music and hung out with my friends, I guess,” he answered.
“When did you leave?” she asked. He sighed again.
“When I couldn’t take the cold anymore,” he mumbled. 
Betty could tell he was talking about more than just the weather. She didn’t say anything, waited for him to continue. He glanced at her. “The winters were brutal,” he said with a laugh, completely avoiding the story behind it. “When I was a kid the water pipes would freeze sometimes in the winters,” he added. “Where are you from?” he asked her.
“Louisiana,” she said. He glanced at her.
“How did you end up in Florida?” he asked her.
“I married my high school sweetheart, who got drafted and played for the Florida Panthers,” she said.
“Wow,” he said.
“Well, it only lasted one season. Both his career and our marriage,” she told him. “And after we got divorced I stuck around, worked as a waitress in Jacksonville for a few years. Nothing much to tell really,” she confessed. “I was in and out of relationships, moved south, and then I met my husband three years ago.” she paused to think about it. Her life sounded so pathetic. Because it was. Failed relationships, shitty jobs and an abusive husband. Nothing to brag about really. Well done, Betty, she thought.
Jimmy just nodded. It was none of his business.
But Betty couldn’t let go of thinking about all her failures.
“I…I feel so ashamed,” she said, her lower lip trembling and her eyes welling up. She was having a breakdown, she was so tired, she couldn’t hold it back any longer.
“About what?” Jimmy asked her.
“I’ve just…” she couldn’t hold it all in anymore. “I’ve just let guys control me my whole life,” she said, tears running down her face. It was the first time she had admitted that, even to herself. “How… how could I let him treat me like this?” she whispered, crying. 
Jimmy took one step closer to her, not sure if he should touch her or not. She leaned in against him, crying into his strong chest. Jimmy carefully put his arms around her and let her cry for a little while.
It felt so good to have someone holding her like that. Just some human touch that didn’t involve sex or someone hurting her. Just a pair of strong arms holding her, making her feel safe. He smelled nice too, he must’ve taken a shower, she thought as she tried to stop the crying.
“Hey,” he said when she was calming down, and stroked her hair. She moved back to look at him, her eyes swollen and the left eye purple. “You’re here now,” he said firmly. “You’re not there anymore,” he stared at her and she slowly nodded and wiped her tears. He was so nice. She cried a bit more, just thinking about how kind he was to her. Then she pulled herself together. This was so embarrassing, she thought, as she let go of his embrace.
“Got any more of that vodka?” she managed to say.
“I sure do,” he said with a friendly smile. 
She watched as he finished exchanging the spark plugs and shut the hood of the car and locked it for her. He handed her the keys and they strolled back toward the motel. “What are you in the mood for, a Seven Up with some lime, or something more exotic and fruity?” he asked her.
“Both,” she said. She wanted to forget all her troubles tonight.
Chapter 6


Betty

Jimmy had given her an orange drink this time containing some vodka and Fanta Exotic and they sat sipping their drinks in the plastic chairs again, overlooking the pool. Once again Betty pretended she was on holiday and let the booze relax her mind and body. She felt more aware of Jimmy now that they had touched. She glanced at his strong tanned forearms.
“Thanks for changing my spark plugs,” she said to him.
“Sure, no problem,” he said. “Now you’re all set to get the heck out of Dodge,” he continued with a humorous glimpse in his eyes.
“Right,” she said and pondered over leaving. She had been thinking about going back to Louisiana, to her family, but… “I’ll reimburse you for the cost, of course,” she added, suddenly thinking about him paying for them. 
Jimmy laughed.
“I’m sure you will,” he said and took a mouthful of his drink.
“You make it sound like a bad thing,” she objected.
“Well, you’re very…adamant about paying me,” he said and glanced at her.
“I hate being in debt to anyone,” she said.
“Does it always have to be that way, though? That you have to repay someone if they do something nice for you? Can’t you just take it as a good deed and leave it at that?” he asked her.
“Well, that’s not how the world works, is it?” she said. 
They were quiet for a moment. Betty kept thinking about her home town. Her mom had passed away, so it was just her dad, her uncle and her cousins left. A sting of guilt ran through her body thinking of her mom.
“What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?” she asked in a low voice. Jimmy sighed and thought about it.
“Um, I don’t know,” he exhaled.
“I didn’t go to my mom’s funeral,” Betty admitted in the same low tone. Jimmy gave her a look. “He wouldn’t let me go,” she whispered. “I think he knew that if I went, I would never come back,” she explained. Jimmy nodded. “But it was my mom’s funeral. I should’ve gone anyway,” she said, ridden with guilt.
Jimmy didn’t know what to reply.
“I’m sorry,” he said and sipped on the drink.
“No, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to get so deeply personal,” she sighed. That was stuff she needed to deal with on her own, not spring it on others.
They were suddenly interrupted by a voice calling from afar.
“Hey Jimmy!” the voice called out from behind them. The two of them turned around in their plastic chairs to see who it was. It was the skinny young man with the shaved head calling from the second floor outside an open door.
“What?” Jimmy hollered back.
“Dani’s having a party,” he yelled. “You should come!”
Betty looked at Jimmy.
“Your lady friend is welcome too!” the man added and giggled.
“They’re very friendly,” Jimmy said to Betty. She thought about it. 
“All right, let’s do it, let’s go,” she said and Jimmy looked surprised.
“You don’t have to, we can stay here if you like,” he said.
“No. A party is just what I need, instead of my pity party,” she said with determination. 
Jimmy brought the bottle of vodka and the sodas they had bought from the vending machine and then they walked up the stairs to Dani’s place. 
Betty had a bit of a shock stepping over the threshold, not sure where to look, there was so much going on in the room. The bed on the left had hot pink sheets and the closet was open revealing all kinds of colorful dresses, a pink feather boa, and there were several heads with different wigs standing on the dresser.
“Hi, I’m Dani,” the very tall black Dani said, coming to greet the two. Dani was wearing a skin tight silver sequin dress and hot pink lipstick, waving a black lace fan in front of her face. Betty glanced down at her own over-sized white shirt and torn blue jeans that she’d folded up on her ankles. She felt very underdressed. 
“And I’m Andy, nice to meet you,” the young guy with the shaved head said, sitting on one of the plastic chairs to the left, smoking a cigarette through the open door.
“Hi,” she replied. “I’m Betty,” she said with a shy smile and removed her sunglasses. Jimmy stared at her. All three of them stared at her. She was sure they were all looking at her black eye.
“Whoa, black Betty, bam-a-lam, whoa, black Betty!” Andy sang and then laughed out loud.
“No, she’s more like Betty Boop with that black hair,” Dani said admiringly.
“Actually, it’s Beth-Anne from Jolie, Louisiana,” Betty said, with a glance at Jimmy. She had told him her name was Nicole. He raised his eyebrows at her, but didn’t say anything.
“Well, Miss Beth-Anne, welcome to my humble abodes,” Dani said.
“Thank you ever so much for the sweet hospitality, Miss Dani,” Betty said in a southern drawl. Dani got an entertained glimpse in her eye.
“Don’t be intimidated by Dani’s outfit, this is her casual Tuesday dress,” Jimmy said putting the bottles and cans down on the round Formica table.
“There’s nothing casual about me, honey,” Dani objected and winked at Betty who smiled. Andy giggled on the chair and blew some cigarette smoke out the open door.
“Well, who’s up for some charades? I just got the movie version,” Dani said, holding up the game that had been on the bed. “I’m thinking girls versus boys?” she asked, nodding at Betty.
“Sure,” Betty agreed.
To Betty’s surprise, a while later, she was sitting on the hot pink beddings watching Andy put his hands next to his mouth, making a rodent sound with his teeth together while giggling hysterically.
“Of Mice and Men!” Jimmy called out.
“That’s right!” Andy pointed at him.
“Unbelievable,” Dani muttered, but Jimmy just grinned. “Well, Betty Boop, you’re up,” she said.
Betty reached for a card in the game box on the bed, read it and stood in front of the others. She started doing a robotic dance.
“A robot?” Dani asked and Betty refrained from nodding. “Robocop!” Dani yelled. Betty shook her head and pondered on what to do next. She pretended to put on a pair of glasses. “Oh, wait! I know! Terminator?” Dani suggested and Betty clapped her hands together in delight.
“Yes!” Betty said and did a high five with Dani.
“Giiirrrl, we got this,” Dani said with confidence.
The group continued playing charades until they got bored and a bit too drunk. Dani then suddenly got the idea she wanted to do Betty’s make-up.
“I’m actually a professional makeup artist,” Dani boasted.
“And you might get something extra on the side,” Andy giggled.
“Don’t make me sound like some street hooker,” Dani objected, glaring at Andy. “I do have other ‘clients’, that’s true,” she admitted, doing quotation marks in the air looking Betty straight in the eye. “It’s all online these days, you see. I’m saving up to get an operation,” the words just flooded out of Dani.
“To snip her thingie off!” Andy giggled.
“That’s right,” Dani said. “Someday I’ll finally get rid of that thing,” she said dreamingly. “Be all woman,” she added. “Well, come on, please let me do your make-up,” she begged Betty who agreed and followed her into the bathroom, while the two men stepped outside for a smoke.
Dani placed a plastic chair behind her with a black fabric bag that opened in sections, full of make-up products, anything from foundations to brushes and all in between. It looked very professional to Betty who sat on the toilet seat. She suddenly felt a bit uncomfortable, her face being scrutinized by Dani. None of them had mentioned her black eye thus far, to their credit.
“Quite a shiner you got there, honey,” Dani said as she began patting on foundation on Betty’s face with a small sponge.
“Husband. Soon to be ex-husband,” Betty said. Dani nodded and pursed her lips at the thought of Betty’s husband beating her up like that.
“I had a client who hit me once,” Dani said, holding Betty’s chin up patting her face with the sponge. “I knocked the poor bastard out cold,” she continued, with a small chuckle.
“Oh,” Betty said. “Hope they learned their lesson,” she added.
“Damn right,” Dani said, working on the left side of the face, extra careful around the eye. “You can’t let anybody put you down,” she said with determination. “Close your eyes,” she said. “Everyone’s gonna judge you, no matter what you do. I used to work in a dress shop but people would look at me funny, my co-workers would talk about me behind my back, and eventually I just got sick of the bullshit, you know,” Dani said while putting on a deep purple eye shadow with a soft brush over Betty’s eyelids. “I am not ashamed of what I do or who I am. I get more respect now, actually, than I ever did working in retail. I’m in control,” Dani raved on, changed to a smaller brush and put on some gold glitter eye shadow in the corner of Betty’s eyes. “Look straight ahead,” she instructed Betty, and brushed on a thick layer of black mascara on her eyelashes. 
“Sorry to hear that,” Betty said. 
“Well, you gotta take control of your life and don’t let anybody tell you what you can and cannot do,” she said, stroking a big brush of blusher over Betty’s cheek bones. “I’m not gonna turn tricks forever. It pays good money and I will do anything to get my operation done,” Dani said.
“Good for you,” Betty said, sipping on the drink in her hand.
“Now you’re done,” she said and started packing up her make-up bag. “One more thing, hold on,” she said and disappeared for a moment. Betty stood and looked at herself in the mirror, all glammed up. She looked like Joan Collins in the 80’s. She had grown up watching Dynasty with her mom. She loved how the purple eye shadow perfectly hid her bruises and made her look glam.
Dani returned with a purple feather boa and put it around Betty’s neck. “There you go. Let’s put on some music and get this party started,” Dani said and they both left the bathroom. Betty smiled and felt her troubles subside.
Chapter 7

Betty

Betty woke up from someone putting a hand around her ankle and gently shaking her leg. She opened her eyes and looked directly at Jimmy standing at the foot of the bed with his hand on her leg, waking her up. He was fully dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Betty felt disoriented at first. Her room seemed different, as if someone had rearranged all the furniture. She could feel she was naked under the sheets and she pulled the covers up, feeling awkward. Right, they’d been to a party last night. This was Jimmy’s room. Oh.
“I’m so sorry, but I have to go to work,” Jimmy said. “You can stay here if you want to keep sleeping. Just make sure you shut the door when you leave,” he added with a little smile. 
Christ, she was so hung-over. Her tongue felt like sandpaper.
“No, I might as well go back to my room,” she mumbled. Her voice was coarse. She desperately needed a glass of water. 
“Okay,” Jimmy replied and handed her the white shirt she’d worn last night and looked away while she pulled it over her head. Betty scooched over the bed and stood on the floor with naked feet, picked up her underwear that lay beside the bed and quickly put them on, thankful that her shirt was long enough to cover her private bits.
“God, how much did we drink last night?” she moaned and found her jeans on the floor over by the dresser and grabbed them.
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Jimmy sighed. She looked at him. His blue eyes were bloodshot and swollen, but there was a warm and humorous glimpse there. Sudden flashbacks of the two of them having sex came up before her eyes and she looked down. “You okay?” he asked, took one step closer and stroked her chin. The act felt more intimate than the sex they’d had during the night. It felt strange, she hardly knew him, but also comforting.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she nodded and met his blue gaze. They stood like that, and to Betty it felt like over a minute, but it was probably only a few seconds. He had the prettiest blue eyes, and she didn’t mind staring into them.
“Shit, I really have to go,” Jimmy said, looking at his watch. “Are you ready?” he asked her. She nodded, clutching her jeans. There was no need to put them on; she was just going into the room next door. She fumbled with the jeans, trying to find the keycard, brought it out of a back pocket, fished up her shoes by the door and followed Jimmy outside on bare feet.
The bright morning sun jabbed like little hurtful nails into her eyes, making her head throb and she hurried up with opening the door to her room. She turned around as Jimmy shut his door and put his black Wayfarers on. He gave her a wide grin.
“See you later,” he said.
“Yeah, see you later,” she said with a smile and watched him walk away. Then she closed the door and dropped her jeans on the floor, strode over to the sink next to the small fridge and poured herself a tall glass of water which she devoured, along with a painkiller. She also needed to pee, so she went into the bathroom and sat on the toilet. Betty couldn’t help but smile thinking about the previous night. She’d had such a good time. Flashbacks of Andy during the charades, Dani up close to her face giving her advice, and Jimmy singing along to “Paradise City” ran across her mind, making her smile. 
She flushed and stepped over the tiles to wash her hands, and the image of her own face in the mirror in front of her made her flinch. Her black hair stood straight up around her face, reminding her of Ace Ventura, and the lavish purple eye makeup that had smudged under her eyes made her resemble a very hung-over Dame Edna. The thick layer of foundation had somehow separated from her sweaty complexion and dried like a crusty gray cake on her face. There was even a tiny purple feather stuck in her hair, from Dani’s feather boa. She looked absolutely certifiable. 
Betty started laughing at herself, the way she looked and how crazy she felt. It started as a chuckle, but the more she looked at the purple eye shadow and the golden glitter around her eyes and the wild hair, the more she laughed. If only the ladies and gents at the fancy dinner parties they used to hold could see her now! She laughed so hard she had tears coming out of her eyes, smudging the makeup even more around her bloodshot eyes.
After she had calmed down and stopped laughing, she washed her face clean from all the makeup and went to bed. She needed a few more hours of sleep. Poor Jimmy, she thought before drifting off, who had to go to work. He was a good kisser. She could still sense his lips against hers.

Jimmy

Working loud and heavy machinery was not helping Jimmy’s headache, but he was still in a good mood at work. It had been worth it staying up half the night. He had gotten closer to his new neighbor; in fact, he couldn’t stop thinking about her. It had been so much fun seeing her let loose with Dani and Andy. He was happy to be able to give her that.
Now, he had not planned on going to bed with her. He hadn’t thought that was something she’d even wanted to do, at all. He felt a bit guilty. Maybe he should’ve been more of a gentleman and turned down her advances. They had both been really drunk, the sex had not been good. He felt a bit bad about that too. Jimmy hoped she wasn’t regretting it now. He wasn’t. On the contrary, he hoped she would give it another go with him. He was no ladies man. Sure, he’d go to a bar every now and then to pick someone up when his needs got too strong, but not very often. He liked to keep to himself. It was easier that way. He didn’t want any drama.

Betty

Betty was sound asleep, lost in a dream where she and her husband Eric were hosting an extravagant event, ballroom style, with silver cutlery and thick cotton napkins. Everyone wore cocktail dresses and expensive suits, grinning like they’d won the lottery, their faces moving closer to Betty’s. Suddenly the faces turned into Dani and Andy, laughing and dancing in front of her. Betty felt happy in the dream, and started dancing along with them. Her husband jerked her arm, asking her what the hell she was doing. His angry face got magnified, spitting out degrading words into her face, way too close for comfort. A fist came at her, then another one, beating her face into a pulp. Betty woke up with a twitch.
She looked around in a daze and relaxed when she realized she was safe inside her motel room. It had just been a bad dream. Betty turned around on her back, breathing deeply to shake the dream off. She looked up at the stain on the ceiling. The faded rusty brown edges made her wonder if it could be dried blood. Did someone die up there, in the room above hers? She assumed all the rooms looked the same, which meant the source of the stain would be underneath the bed in that room. Was it possible that someone had bled through the bed onto the floor and through it? Betty wondered how many people had died in motels like this one. It was a very sad thought. She turned to the side and reached for the remote and put on the TV. She didn’t want to die. Not by the hands of a man.
Her mind drifted off to Jimmy’s hands instead. They had been all over her body during the night. She recalled leaning in to kiss him at Dani’s place, throwing her arms around his neck. Gosh, she must’ve been plastered. She didn’t know if she should feel guilty for sleeping with him or not, but she didn’t. The truth was, she couldn’t remember much of their lovemaking. There were just small memory fragments of them tumbling around in bed, kissing and touching, him moving in and out of her, his mouth against her mouth. She doubted that any of them had climaxed. That she would’ve remembered, surely?
She had still enjoyed it, being close to him, letting him touch her and kiss her. Thinking about it now, she knew she wanted to do it again. Jimmy was a hot guy, in a subtle way. Her pulse went up thinking about his lean but muscled chest and strong arms, probably gained from working outdoors, and those sad blue eyes that seemed to penetrate her very being.
Chapter 8

Betty

Later that evening Betty had showered and eaten left-over’s for dinner. She was feeling restless. Perhaps she could pop over to her neighbor and just thank him for last night? She had heard his door slam, so she knew he was back from work. He had left in such a hurry this morning, they hadn’t had any time to talk. 
Maybe he was tired, she thought, suddenly doubtful. But she could just thank him and then leave, if he didn’t feel like having company. Betty put on some mascara and lip-gloss, and covered the purple and yellow bruise around her left eye with a cover stick. She wasn’t ashamed of it anymore; she just didn’t want to make other people uncomfortable. A black eye wasn’t very sexy.
She knocked on Jimmy’s door and waited. He opened the door wearing nothing but a white towel around his hips. His hair was dripping wet and he raked his fingers through it to push it back over his head. Betty stared at him.
“Hey,” she managed to say. The scent of his shower gel was intoxicating, and she couldn’t stop herself from glancing at his naked chest. It had just the right amount of hair on the chest, just enough to accentuate the muscles. She followed the string of hair down to his stomach with her eyes and looked away when it reached the towel.
“Hey there,” he replied, and she met his blue gaze.
“I just wanted to say thank you for last night,” she forced herself to say. “I had a really great time,” she added.
“I did too,” he said and they locked eyes. Betty’s heart was beating faster. She let her eyes sweep over his naked arms and shoulders again, moist from the shower. Jimmy looked down at her green tight skirt and hot pink t-shirt, with her boobs pressing out the fabric. Her husband had made her go to the gym three to four times a week, to keep her body fit for him. Now she was about to offer it all to another man. Eric would lose it if he knew. She pushed those thoughts away and enjoyed watching Jimmy’s eyes turn dark with desire looking down at her curvy body.
“You look like a water melon,” Jimmy mumbled as if he wanted to eat her, and that was all she could take. She took one step forward and Jimmy put his hands on her hips and kissed her. Betty’s hands touched his wet hair in the neck area and she moaned as she kissed him back deeply. Jimmy took a step back and shut the door behind them and pulled her to him. He grabbed her butt with both hands over the tight skirt; it was large and round and he squeezed her butt cheeks. Pressing close to his body she felt his erection bulge underneath his towel.
“I look like a water melon?” she asked while kissing him and stroking his arms. Jimmy started laughing looking down into her blue eyes.
“Did I say that out loud?” he laughed, his mouth still kissing her. She smiled and nodded. “I meant the colors,” he mumbled and glanced down at her boobs.
“Mhmm,” Betty mumbled and moaned when Jimmy started caressing her big breasts through the fabric of her tight t-shirt. He pulled it up over her chest, sighed when he saw her large bosom come out he kissed both breasts and gently bit her nipples. Betty pulled her fingers through his wet hair and enjoyed the sensations that went through her body with every loud kiss from Jimmy’s mouth. This was the first time she’d been with a man other than her husband and she needed it, needed to be free from him. Jimmy straightened his body and grabbed her butt again, harder this time, massaging her, letting his hand down under, stroking her back and forth and looking her in the eyes to see if she liked it. She bit her lower lip, drowning in his blue eyes.
“You are so gorgeous,” he mumbled and pulled her green skirt up a bit over her round butt cheeks and then further up on her hips. He gently pushed her down on the bed, pulled her panties off and started going down on her, with one hand squeezing one of her boobs. Betty moaned and grabbed the covers with one hand and let the other hand rake through his hair, pulling her legs up for him. She groaned as he let his tongue dance over her, kissing and licking her. He looked up at her face, she was grimacing with pleasure, and they had eye contact as he pushed his tongue deeper into her, sucking on her clit. Betty moaned, moving her hips, pressing herself against his face. She wanted to lose herself in desire, not think about anything, just dive into the pleasures that Jimmy provided for her.
Jimmy smiled and stood, letting the bath towel fall to the floor. Betty looked at his large curved erection and moved up on the bed while he climbed on top of her. She was so wet, but he still had to push to slide inside her and the bed started creaking as they moved back and forth on it. Jimmy leaned down over her, stroked a strand of hair from her face and kissed her as he moved back and forth in a steady pace. Betty put her legs around him and stroked his moist back while kissing his mouth. She felt greedy; she wanted all of him inside her. She tugged on his hair a bit and he looked at her. Her eyes were dimmed with pleasure, and he went a little faster, enjoyed seeing her complete desire for him. She loved how attentive he was, careful not to cross any boundaries, making sure it was the right pace for her. He didn’t take his eyes off hers.
She gently pushed him off of her until he lay on his back, crawled on top of him, and started riding him. Her heavy breasts hung down against his face and he touched them, kissed them and squeezed them. Betty kept moving, sliding and grinding over him, moaning, staring down into Jimmy’s eyes. She felt so safe with him, she could just let herself go, no holding back. He grabbed her butt cheeks and helped her go faster, faster. The bed was creaking loudly, Jimmy panted and Betty rode on top of him staring down into his eyes. 
He put his hands on her hips and made her lay on the side with him behind her. Then he put one hand in front of her, in between her legs and pressed his fingertips against her and Betty gasped and turned her head to him. He kissed her and kept going until he felt her body convulse as she came against his hand staring into his eyes. He stared at her face. Kissed her softly and slowed down, just held her tight. There was plenty of time for him to come too, he wasn’t concerned about that. 
Betty took deep breaths and just enjoyed lying there naked for a while with Jimmy’s strong arms around her as the waves of her orgasm subsided. It was as if she had been transported into a different world, a world where all that existed was her lying there in his arms. No one and nothing outside of his embrace could get to her.
“That was amazing,” she mumbled, and he cupped one of her breasts.
“Yeah,” he said and kissed her on the cheek. Jimmy turned on his back, and Betty curled up with her head on his chest. He put one arm behind his neck and the other around her, stroking her arm. “You’ve dealt with this traumatic thing, so…I want you to tell me if I do anything, that…” he said.
“Yeah, of course,” she said and glanced up at him. “Don’t worry,” she said.
They lay in silence for a while. Betty thought about how easy it had been for her to sleep with a stranger. Well, Jimmy wasn’t a complete stranger, she knew him a little bit. He was kind and sweet; at least that’s what he seemed to be. So she didn’t feel guilty, even though she was technically cheating on her husband. He was going to be her ex-husband anyway, as soon as she could file the papers. But she wondered what Jimmy thought of her.
“This was not what I had planned on doing,” she said in a low voice, to test the waters.
“Me neither,” he said, with a crooked smile.
“I hope you don’t think I’m…” she wasn’t sure how to end the sentence.
Jimmy sighed. 
“I’m not a perfect guy, but I can promise you one thing. I will never judge you or look down on you. You can always be yourself around me,” Jimmy told her. Betty stared up at him and then looked down.
“What if I don’t like myself, or who I am anymore?” she said in a low voice.
“Then you change,” he said, as if it was the easiest thing in the world. They both laughed a little.
“Change, huh? Just like that?” she said. He was quiet for a moment.
“Well, if you eventually learn from your mistakes, you won’t make them again. And that’s change,” Jimmy said thoughtfully.
“Well, you got a point there,” she admitted. “It’s not as easy as it sounds, though,” she muttered.
“I never said it was easy,” he scoffed. They let that sink in for a moment. “What do you want to change?” he asked.
That was a good question. She had to think about it.
“I want to be stronger, more independent,” she said. “Not rely on a guy for anything,” she added, realizing it sounded hypocritical considering she had relied on him for help.
“I think that road trip will do you good,” Jimmy told her. “You’ll feel free,” he said.
“Yeah, maybe. Unless my husband decides to chase me down,” she said in a low voice. Jimmy gave her a worried look.
“You think he’d do that?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she said. “He’s done it before. Even hired a PI to find me once,” she said. Jimmy didn’t know what to say to that. They were quiet.
“Maybe you should get out of town then,” he mumbled.
“You want to get rid of me so soon?” she smiled. He scoffed and scratched his beard.
“No. Of course not,” he said. “I just want you to be safe.”
“Yeah, well…I will leave. I just…I just need to find my bearings, I want to feel stronger,” she said, thinking out loud.
“Sure, he said. He got it. “Hey, would you like to have dinner tomorrow?” he asked, suddenly scared she was going to leave. He wanted to see her again. She looked up at his face and smiled and nodded. Then she started kissing him and let her hand wander down over his body, ready for round two.

Jimmy

Jimmy texted Betty from work the next day, asking her if she wanted to go out to dinner or stay in. He had asked for her number the previous night, so they could stay in contact while he was at work. 
He hadn’t stopped thinking about her since this morning; it had been painful leaving her gorgeous naked body in bed and going to work. He hadn’t had sex with anyone for a while. It was addictive doing it with someone he was so attracted to. There was something about her, that vulnerability she showed him, as if she trusted him. He needed that.
“I’d prefer to stay in if that’s okay with you,” she texted him back. “Perfect,” he sent her back with a kiss emoji. “Can’t wait,” he added. “Me neither,” she sent back, with a kiss emoji. It made him smile to himself reading it. Now he had a date.
Jimmy was actually relieved not having to go out for dinner. He wasn’t a people person anyway, they mostly just annoyed the heck out of him. And he wanted Betty and him to spend time together, without anybody interfering, before she was gone forever. That motel was their own corner of the world right now. He was going to make the best of it while they were both there.
Jimmy had sent some further enquiries of what Betty wanted to eat, and ended up buying a Chinese takeout with four different dishes for them to choose from. He took a quick shower, then he set the Formica table in his room with plates and the food boxes and even lit a candle he’d bought at a gas station, to create a more romantic mood.
Betty was wearing a floral dress that showed off her curves. Jimmy pulled out the hard plastic chair for her and she smiled and took a seat on it.
“You pulled out all the stops, didn’t you?” she said appreciatively and Jimmy took his seat opposite her at the table.
“Well,” he said, a bit embarrassed. “Dig in,” he added making a gesture toward the takeaway boxes.
“Smells delicious,” she said and poured some Kung Pao Chicken and rice on her plate, and then a couple of egg rolls.
“Yeah, it does,” Jimmy said and poured some red wine for them in two tumbler glasses. “I don’t have any wine glasses,” he said.
“Who cares?” she said, smiling at him. “Cheers,” she said, holding her glass up. “And thanks for setting this up, it’s really nice,” she said. Jimmy was relieved she seemed pleased with his efforts.
“Cheers,” he replied and they put their glasses together. “My pleasure,” he mumbled and helped himself to some of the food.
“Did you have a good day at work?” she asked. 
“It was all right,” he mumbled. He wasn’t used to having to talk about himself like this, making dinner conversation with a beautiful woman. He was rusty for sure. He glanced at her and shuffled some food in his mouth. “What did you do today?” he asked. He wasn’t sure if the question was appropriate or not. Shit, maybe she didn’t want to talk about what kind of crappy things she’d done either. “Never mind,” he said before she could reply. “Tell me something about yourself, surprise me,” he suggested.
“Um, I was a cheerleader in high school,” she said.
“Oh, yeah?” he grinned. “So that’s why you’re so flexible,” he winked at her. She rolled her eyes at him. Crap, he didn’t mean to make it about sex.
“Tell me about how you and your wife met,” she said, chewing on an egg roll.
“Ex-wife,” he corrected her and got a dark look in his eyes. “We met in a bar,” he sighed, not happy about having to discuss his past.
“How long were you together?” Betty asked.
“Five years,” he answered.
“How come you split up?” she asked. He gave her a dark look. Man, she was really giving him the third degree, he thought. Women. The wanted to know every itty bitty thing about you, then they used it against you when you least expected it, he thought. He chewed and swallowed, rinsed it down with some red wine.
“Well, she had unreasonably high expectations of me,” he murmured. “All I did was let her down,” he said. “Don’t put me on a pedestal,” he grunted at Betty. “I’ll fall flat on my ass.” She gave him a long look.
“No expectations,” she agreed, holding her hands up. They exchanged a long look. He was really starting to like her.

Later, as they lay in bed entangled in the sweaty sheets with arms and legs wrapped around each other, Betty felt so safe.
“Do you think we’re running away from things by being here, at this motel?” she asked him. Jimmy sat up, reached for his pack of smokes on the side table, tapped on its back so that one came out of the opening and pulled it out. 
“Do you mind?” he asked her and she shook her head. He lit it, inhaled it deeply and blew the smoke up toward the ceiling before answering. He didn’t like the question. “Maybe,” he said, deflecting from giving a fuller answer. “Do you?” he returned the question to her.
“I don’t know…I just feel so safe, and happy, right now…I feel like I’m perfectly in the moment, you know?” she asked and glanced up at him. He took another inhale from the cigarette. “I…don’t feel like I’m running anymore,” she added. Jimmy stroked her black hair tenderly. 
“This is a place where people come to run away, I know, I did,” she continued her train of thought. “But maybe it can also be a place where people find themselves too, their true selves?” she said. He gave it some thought before he answered.
“I like that,” Jimmy said with his deep voice.
“I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone who’s as authentic as Dani,” Betty continued. “The price may be high, but she persists in being herself, who she wants to be, at any cost,” she said with enthusiasm.
“And who do you want to be?” he asked her in a low voice. She was quiet.
“I don’t want to be the old Betty anymore,” she said slowly.
“You could be my Betty,” he mumbled and killed the cigarette in the ashtray and slid down next to her again and put his strong arms around her. She smiled and kissed him and let him hold her and touch her body. They lay side by side, kissing and looking into each other’s eyes for a while, naked and vulnerable.
“What were you running from, when you ended up here?” she asked quietly. He knew this was where it was all going. He didn’t want to talk about that. He turned to lie on his back.
“I’m a drunk. I got evicted from the shitty apartment I got after the divorce, so I needed a place to stay,” he said. 
She didn’t respond for a while, she noticed that he was pulling away. It was clear he didn’t want to talk about himself.
The thing about telling people the truth was, instead of seeing it as is was people interpreted it with their own experiences, fears and values. They changed it. People added their emotions, thoughts and beliefs, and then it turned into their version of truth, played through a filter until the sound got distorted. Different. And you would be misunderstood, judged, or whatever junk that person added to your truth. That’s why Jimmy kept things to himself.
Betty let it go, for now, and kissed him.


Betty

A few days went by and Betty and Jimmy spent every night together. One evening the two of them joined another one of Dani’s parties. This time she brought out a cheap little karaoke machine she’d bought at a thrift shop, and they all took turns singing into the black microphones.
Bert had also joined in this time. He sat in a corner drinking a light beer and watched the others go wild with the karaoke machine.
Betty couldn’t believe her eyes, watching Jimmy sing “The Piña Colada Song”. It sounded horrible, but he was not deterred. 
“Keep your day job!” Bert called out, with a chuckle.
The others joined in when the chorus came up. 
“If you like Piña Coladas, getting caught in the rain!” they all howled. Betty laughed so much she could hardly sing. This was the most fun she’d had in years. Betty shook her head at the funny lyrics and couldn’t take her eyes off Jimmy, up there making a fool of himself in front of her. He was quite something, she thought. He was going to make it difficult for her to leave. She knew she was falling in love with him.
Later that night Betty rested her head against Jimmy’s chest as they lay in his bed in his room.
“What does Andy do for a living?” she asked.
“I think he’s a bust boy at some rock bar,” Jimmy said, exhaling smoke from a cigarette to the side.
“What is he doing here?” she asked, curious.
“He told me he ran away from home when he was fourteen,” Jimmy said looking at the smoke in the air. “I think he’s hooked on smack,” he added. “Heroin,” he said. “I’ve seen punctures in his arms,” he told her.
“Oh no, really?” she said.
“Yeah,” he replied. 
“He’s such a sweet guy,” she said.
“Yeah,” Jimmy agreed.
Betty was feeling a bit down after hearing that. She’d been so happy for the last few days. As if she didn’t have any problems at all. Jimmy and her new friends had managed to wipe it all away. She felt as if anything was possible.
“Why don’t you come with me to California,” she said, almost holding her breath. Jimmy was about to take another drag from his cigarette, but froze.
“What?” he said. 
Betty’s heart was beating faster.
“Well, you can, if you want to,” she added. Jimmy killed the cigarette in the ashtray.
“We hardly know each other,” he said in a low voice. “You hardly know me,” he continued. “Isn’t this exactly what you shouldn’t be doing? Getting caught up with me is not a good idea, I’m not good news,” he mumbled.
Betty got out of bed and began putting her clothes on, pissed off.
“You keep saying that, but you won’t ever tell me anything about yourself,” she said, angry.
“There’s nothing to tell,” he said and sat up with the sheets over his private parts. “Did you ever consider that? That this is it? There’s nothing more to me than this,” he said, angry too. “I’m just an asshole alcoholic and you’d get sick of me just like my wife did, and you’re gonna wish you’d never met me,” he ranted.
“That’s a convenient front to hide behind, isn’t it?” she said, grabbed her keycard and left him sitting on the bed. “I told you things I haven’t told anyone,” she said and slammed the door behind her. 

Betty

Betty was still angry the next day, more with herself than with Jimmy. He was right, of course, she really shouldn’t get attached to him. Jimmy was just supposed to be a rebound guy. They were the proverbial ships meeting in the night, to use one of his Hemingway references, she thought.
She was surprised when Jimmy didn’t come knocking on her door after work that evening. Betty had mixed feelings about this. It was the first time a man didn’t chase after her, begged her for forgiveness or tried to control her. She hated Jimmy for it, at the same time as she respected and liked him even more. She hated herself for liking him so much.
The next day she knocked on his door after she’d heard him take a shower. He opened the door wearing briefs and a blue t-shirt. His hair was wet.
“Hi,” she said. His eyes softened.
“Hey,” he said and opened the door for her to come inside.
“What if I’ve learned my lessons, and I just really like you?” she said walking into his room. “Should I let you go just to prove a point?” she said, pacing over the floor in his room. Jimmy stood with his hands on his hips, watching her. He closed the door. “I don’t care if you drink, drink all you want,” she went on. “But I feel something here. Tell me you don’t feel the same, and I’ll leave town first thing tomorrow,” she said, challenging him. 
He glared at her.
“This is exactly why I stay away from women,” he said to himself, pulling his fingers through his wet hair.
“Do you want to be alone for the rest of your life?” she asked.
“No,” he said. They glared at each other.
“Tell me,” she begged him.
“Of course I feel something,” he admitted unwillingly. Betty sat down on his bed. The cleaner had been there and it was made up nicely. He sat down next to her.
“So what do we do then?” she asked. “Do you think I should leave?”
“You’re free to leave anytime you want.” He realized it sounded standoffish. “You’re putting me in an impossible situation here,” he added. “I don’t want to stand in your way.” He paused. “But no, I really don’t want you to go,” he said, truthfully. That’s all she needed to hear. Jimmy took her hand in his. She gave him a vague smile.
Betty fell asleep in Jimmy’s arms that night. It was a healing sensation of being able to share your body with someone who wasn’t trying to hurt you. When Jimmy moved inside her with his eyes locked in hers, showering her with sweet kisses, she felt as if he could see right through her and she was free. She was finally her own soul again, her own person, with her own thoughts and opinions. She mattered. She wasn’t put down verbally or physically. She could see how much Jimmy cared for her in his eyes. She had value. She was somebody.
She still had a bad dream during the night. Somebody was chasing her but she couldn’t see the man’s face. She tried to run, but it was as if her body was under water. The faster she tried to run, the slower and harder it was to move. She woke up as the elusive person grabbed her by the throat. Jimmy woke up too from her twitch. He drew her closer and kissed her neck, comforting her. Would the nightmares ever end, she wondered as she listened to her own heartbeat slowing down.
Suddenly they heard a scream outside. This time Jimmy twitched.
“Gosh, did you hear that?” Betty whispered, not sure if it had been a remnant from her dream. Her heart started beating faster.
“Yeah, it sounded like Dani,” he murmured, still drunk from sleep. Betty’s heart started pounding with fear. Jimmy sat up and pushed the covers away. “Maybe it’s Bert,” he mumbled, got up and hurriedly threw on a pair of jeans. The old man was careless with his diabetes, he ate and drank things he really shouldn’t, and he didn’t exercise or take care of himself they way he should. Jimmy had just been waiting for something to happen to him.
Betty also got out of bed and quickly got dressed, then they both stepped out of Jimmy’s room to see what was going on.
Chapter 9

Jimmy

Betty and Jimmy weren’t the only ones that had stepped out of their rooms. There was an ambulance with its colorful lights blinking on the parking lot. Bert had come out of his room and Jimmy walked over to him, followed by Betty.
    “What’s going on?” Jimmy said, relieved to see he was okay.
    “I don’t know,” Bert said.
Dani leaned over the fence from the second floor.
“It’s Andy,” she called down at them, wiping tears from her face.
“Oh, no,” Betty said and held on to Jimmy’s arm. 
“Oh, crap,” Bert muttered.
Jimmy looked up at the door next to Dani that was open. It was Andy’s room. He watched as two paramedics came out with a stretcher on wheels. It had one of those thick black plastic bags on it, a body bag. Andy. Jimmy felt a bolt of hurt and sadness jolt through his stomach and he stroked his beard, and watched as the paramedics carried the stretcher down the steps.
Dani came down the stairs after the paramedics, wrapped in a pink robe and walked over to Bert, Betty and Jimmy. Tears were streaming down her face.
“What happened?” Betty asked her.
“I hadn’t seen him all day. He usually came out for a smoke. I knocked on his door. It was open. I found him,” she said, crying. “He had a needle in his arm,” she sobbed. Betty gave Dani a hug and Jimmy put his arms around them too. That kid had always made him laugh, even at his darkest times. He didn’t have a bad bone in his body. Jimmy cried too, over the loss of his friend. He watched as the paramedics rolled the body into the ambulance. To them Andy was probably just another young junkie that had OD:ed; a stranger, a body. To the group mourning him he was Andy, the tall scrawny guy upstairs who was quick to laugh. Jimmy knew that hyena laughter would haunt him forever.

Betty

Everyone felt sad and heartbroken for the following days over the loss of the young man who was always cracking jokes and had seemed so full of life. His words from when she had first arrived at the motel, of ‘the last resort’ echoed in Betty’s mind and she thought about how hard and unfair life was, and how her own life was in ruins. 
What if her husband found her? Would that be her next, being carried out in a body bag? It wasn’t entirely unlikely. He had hired a PI before, and she knew how he got when someone crossed him. No one got away with it. He was relentless in the pursuit of revenge. He’d put a man out of business once who refused to renew the contract with Eric’s company. He’d stopped at nothing, poured money and energy into it until he had succeeded. It was that tenacity that terrified her.
She took comfort in Jimmy’s arms. He changed during the next few days. He surprised her one night when the two were curled up in his bed watching TV.
“What if I come with you?” Jimmy said out of the blue. She glanced up at his face.
“Really?” she asked.
“Yeah, I mean… where in California do you want to go?” he asked.
“Um, I don’t know. I just have to go to LA to file for divorce, other than that I don’t really know,” she told him.
“There are some beautiful towns along the coast, we could settle in, rent a small place,” he suggested. “I can work in construction. What do you do?” he asked.
“I used to be a cocktail waitress, so I could work in a bar or a restaurant,” she said dreamingly, picturing it in front of her; the two of them in a quaint little coastal town, happy together.
“Perfect,” he said. 
“Maybe we could have a dog?” she asked. She’d always wanted a dog, but Eric didn’t like animals.
“Sure, I love dogs,” Jimmy shrugged. 
It was a very alluring dream, to escape with Jimmy. Maybe it was a crazy fantasy, them leaving Florida to start a new life together. They hardly knew each other. Didn’t they both deserve a second chance at happiness? Didn’t everybody? Life was so short. Shouldn’t they at least try? She wanted to. She needed the fantasy. Betty curled up closer on Jimmy’s chest. He kissed her head.
“I’ll protect you from him,” he murmured. 
“I know,” she said, but in her heart she knew that he couldn’t. He couldn’t be with her all the time, twenty-four hours a day. All it would take was a moment where she relaxed, and he’d catch her off guard. In a parking garage, or outside her house. If Eric was determined no other man could have her but him, he would make sure of it, she thought. It would all be over in a matter of minutes. Maybe she could get a gun? Yeah, she could get a handgun for protection. The idea made her somewhat at ease. For now.
The next day Betty drove to a clothing store to buy a bathing suit. She ended up buying two bikinis. She was getting restless at the motel and she was used to exercising regularly, so she thought she’d give the pool a try. And since they were going to California soon she figured she’d need the bikinis there too.
The afternoon sun was scorching hot as she stepped out of her room wrapped in a towel. She threw the towel on one of the chairs and put her keycard on it, then walked over to the little stair leading down into the pool. Her hot pink bikini showed off her curvy body and she tensed up a bit when she felt the cool water on her skin. No use in dragging it out, she thought, and just pushed away from the steps and her body shot like a projectile into the water with a swoosh. She swam back and forth across the rectangular pool. The cool water felt really nice, and she was back at feeling she was on holiday again. One lap turned into another, and she was soon swept away into the repetitive mode of exercise; an almost meditative state of mind where all her thoughts flew away. 

Jimmy

“Hey,” Jimmy called out as he shuffled his feet from the entrance to the pool area, just coming back from work.
Betty was a bit startled and stopped swimming and turned in the water to look at him. She immediately smiled when she saw him, and it warmed his heart. “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you,” he added and gave her a smile as he reached the pool. Betty swam to the edge and put her arms over it, grinning at him. She looked so pretty with her hair up and that wide smile, he thought.
“Come in, the water is really nice,” she said. He hadn’t set foot in the pool since he had checked in to the motel.
“Oh, yeah?” he asked. He didn’t even own a bathing suit. Well, what the hell. He put the bag of takeaway food down on the table and took off his sunglasses.
“Yeah, it’s really nice,” she smiled. Jimmy put his shades on the table and started pulling his sneakers off, one at a time. “What are you doing?” she giggled, and watched as he threw his socks on his shoes on the concrete, and emptied his pockets on the table.
“I’m getting in,” he said and walked over to the deep end and just dove straight into the pool, still in his t-shirt and jeans. Betty gave out a heartfelt laughter that lingered as Jimmy swam up to her. He stroked his wet hair back and drew her body closer to him.
“You’re crazy, Jimmy,” she giggled and he kissed her. Betty threw her arms around his neck and kissed him back. Her soft full lips felt like heaven.
“I’m crazy about you,” he mumbled between the kisses. He hadn’t felt so happy in a long time. Maybe this was it, maybe they were meant to be together, he thought to himself. He suddenly allowed himself to thoughts, dreams and feelings that had been locked away for so long, he never thought he’d think or feel them again.

A few days later Betty was alone with Bert sitting by the pool together. Dark clouds had formed over them in the sky, and the air was humid. 
“Terrible what happened to poor young Andy,” Bert said.
“Yeah, such a waste,” she said with sadness in her heart.
“So how are things with you and Jimmy?” he asked. She glanced at the old man who had a curious glimpse in his eyes.
“You don’t miss a thing do you?” she smiled. He laughed a little. “We’re good, I guess,” she said.
“Once more, with feeling,” he joked. She looked at him.
“Yeah, well…I really like him, but it’s hard, he won’t open up about his past to me,“ she said. “He claims his life is too boring to talk about, but…I can’t shake the feeling that there’s a reason why he’s drinking, and…I wish I could help him with that,” she confided in Bert.
Bert was quiet for a moment. This was a predicament for him.
“Well, he’s been through some hardships,” he said.
“What hardships? Do you mean with his ex?” she wondered.
“No, other things, from when he was younger,” he said, scratching his chin. “Look, Jimmy told me this in confidence, so you can’t tell him you know, or that you heard this from me,” Bert said with a stern look at her.
“Okay, I promise,” she said.
“Well, Jimmy’s from a small town in Wisconsin and when he was in high school he was accused of murdering his girlfriend,” Bert began telling her.
“What?” she said, shocked.
“He was acquitted, but they never found the killer, and Jimmy left town shortly after.” Bert said. “The whole town thought he’d done it. Guess he took it pretty hard,” he added. “Never got over it.”
Betty was shocked to learn this. Could Jimmy be a killer? Why else had he left his hometown? Is this why he was drinking? Guilt? She didn’t know what to think. So many thoughts and emotions rushed over her. 
Later that day she’d made up an excuse to Jimmy, told him she had a headache and just wanted to sleep in her room for the night. She lay motionless on the bed with the TV on, but inside her mind was reeling. What was she doing at this trashy motel with junkies, prostitutes and possible murderers?? Betty was scared to even think that Jimmy was just another bad man that would end up hurting her. She didn’t know what to think. But what if? Maybe he hadn’t meant to kill that girl, perhaps it had been an accident, or a struggle. 
She crawled up on the bed, clutching a pillow. Eric’s fist came at her in her mind. The irrational thoughts caused her to almost panic, and she had to take deep breaths to calm herself down. The trauma she had been through made her not see things clearly, she thought. She would give Jimmy the benefit of the doubt, give it some time, think it through, she decided. She needed to process this, make some sense of it all.

Betty was quieter than before around Jimmy for the next few days. If the entire town in Wisconsin had turned against him, thinking he was guilty, maybe he was? She didn’t really know this guy; she didn’t know what he was capable of doing. Or what he’d done. Or what he could do to her, if he didn’t get his way. She knew all about that. It was a red flag. She should leave now and never look back. Yet, she found herself in love with Jimmy. They had talked about leaving Florida together. Start a new life in California. And he had been nothing but kind to her. She needed to watch him closely. Was it all a façade?
She was now swimming every day to clear her mind. All these thoughts occupied her mind and it made her exhausted, twisting and turning them around in her head. The repetitive strokes through the cool water soon pushed all the penetrating thoughts aside. It felt nice being in the water, letting it surround her very being. She swam laps until she exhausted herself and had to stop, short of breath. She grabbed the edge of the pool, breathing heavily for a moment.
There they were again, the thoughts creeping up on her. Betty took a deep breath and submerged under water. She held her breath and opened her eyes. The pool looked so different under the surface. The water wasn’t as blue now, she saw the dirty white tiles around it, holding the water in. She imagined being inside a wale’s belly, floating around. 
A dark shadow appeared above her by the edge of the pool. There must be somebody standing by the pool, she thought. Her heart began beating faster. She needed to breathe. Her lungs were pressing out and Betty pushed her head up over the surface of the water and gasped for air. She rubbed her eyes free of water and looked at the white sneakers next to her hands. She looked up. It was Jimmy standing there looking down at her.
“Hey,” he said.
“Hey,” she replied, breathing heavily.
“I got us some tacos,” he said, holding a plastic bag up.
“Great,” she said. “I’ll be right there,” she added.
“Okay,” he said and walked towards his room. Betty watched him walk away. How could you really know a person? How could you ever really know what went on inside someone’s head? Maybe you couldn’t, she thought.
Betty contemplated bringing the subject up to Jimmy as they munched on the tacos later in his room. She had promised Bert not to say anything, but…


Jimmy

“Why are you looking at me like that?” Jimmy asked Betty when they had finished eating.
“Like what?” she asked.
“Like that. You’ve been looking at me like that for days now. What’s going on?” he said, looking sternly at her face. She felt guilty and looked down.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she said, deflecting.
“Sure you do. Tell me what’s going on,” he demanded. Betty started feeling uncomfortable.
“Calm down, it’s nothing,” she said, avoiding his steady gaze.
“I know damn well something is up, so just tell me,” he said, raising his voice. Betty was silent, her heart was beating faster. This situation was getting very unsettling for her. She got up from the table and stood in the room with her arms crossed.
Jimmy walked up closer to her. “I know that look,” he said. “I’ve had people look at me like that before. I can’t have you looking at me the same way, so please,” he pleaded with her. He looked like a wounded animal.
Betty was getting so stressed out by the confrontation, she couldn’t speak, so she just started shaking her head. Jimmy grabbed her arms in despair. “Don’t look at me like that! Who told you?” he asked her. Betty gasped; afraid he was going to hurt her. She tried to pull away.
“B-Bert, it was Bert,” she stuttered. Jimmy let her go. He raked his fingers through his hair and turned his back to her. Of course it was Bert, it was the only person he had told. Jimmy made his hands into fists. This was all going to burst at the seams. Everything would be ruined now, he thought. He couldn’t bear to have her look at him like that.
“So you think I did it?” he turned around at her with a hurt look on his face. Betty swallowed. “You think I killed that girl?” he yelled. “My own girlfriend?” his voice cracked, he was so hurt. He couldn’t believe this.
“I-I don’t know what to think,” she mumbled. It was the truth. Cold and hard. Jimmy looked down at the floor for a moment, breathing deeper and deeper.
“Get the fuck out of here,” he said to her. Betty stared at him. He looked at her. “Didn’t you hear me? Get the fuck out!” he cried. 
Betty got so scared she rushed out the door and into her room.
Jimmy slammed his door shut after she was gone and stroked his face with one hand. This was exactly why he hadn’t told her. God dammit.

Betty

Betty curled up like a little ball on the bed, crying into her pillow. She felt as if her heart had broken into a million pieces. She had seen the pain in Jimmy’s eyes. It wasn’t anger, it was hurt. And she had caused him to feel this way. Yet, what else could she have done? She didn’t know, how could she be sure he hadn’t done that? 
Now, when she thought about it, she knew in her heart he hadn’t hurt that girl. She had seen it in his eyes. He didn’t have that same blind rage as Eric did; his gray eyes would almost go red when he was having one of his fits of anger. Jimmy hadn’t hurt her. Sure, he had grabbed her arms, but not very hard, and he had let her go. He hadn’t hurt her. He had told her to leave. Jimmy wasn’t Eric.
She continued to cry, everything was ruined now. She was all alone again, with no one who loved her. No one by her side. She cried for herself, and for the girl in Wisconsin who had lost her life, for Dani, for poor sweet Andy, and for them all.
An hour later she had stopped crying and was lying on the side staring at the TV. It was one of those baking shows, but she wasn’t paying attention. She was emotionally exhausted, her mind was blank.
Suddenly there was a gentle knock on her door. She sat up and listened.
“It’s me, Jimmy,” Jimmy said behind the door. He knocked again. “Betty can you hear me? Please open up, so I can tell you my side of the story,” he said.
Betty thought about it for a few seconds. It was only fair that she’d listen to him. He sounded calm now. She sneaked across the floor and opened the door. Jimmy looked terrible, as if he had cried too.
“Hey,” he said in a low voice and looked at her.
“Hey,” she replied. 
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I’m sorry I lost my temper and I raised my voice at you, and I’m sorry for not telling you about Amy,” he said. She looked into his blue eyes.
“Come on in,” she said and held the door open.
They both sat on the bed next to each other. Betty waited for Jimmy to speak. This was hard for him. She muted the sound from the TV.
“Amy and I were high school sweethearts,” Jimmy sighed, sick of having to bring it all up again. All the things he’d been trying so hard to forget. “She was one of the popular girls in school. I don’t know what she was doing with someone like me,” he smiled to himself at the memory of her. “She had dated this quarterback Brick Nelson, he was a real douche bag, we used to call him ‘thick as Brick’.” Jimmy paused. “He wasn’t treating her right, so I guess that’s why she didn’t mind going out with someone less popular, like me. She just wanted somebody to be good to her,” he said and Betty nodded. She knew all about that. “My family was poor, so I couldn’t really afford to take her out to dinner and stuff. So I started working part time as a mechanic on the weekends, and I was taking her to the movies this one night,” he told her. Betty waited for more.
“It was summer and warm out, and I had to get up early the next day for work, so Amy said she’d walk home alone after the film.” Jimmy got a grim look on his face. “I didn’t have a car at the time, so I walked home too. My family lived on a farm outside of town, so it took a while to walk there,” he explained. “The next day someone walking their dog found her by the river. Some bastard had strangled her and left her there in the water like some…” his voice cracked. “Like some piece of garbage.” 
Betty put her hand on Jimmy’s arm. His eyes welled up with tears, and he struggled to hold them back. “I became the prime suspect of course, because we were dating and I was the last one to see her,” he said, choked up. He cleared his throat. “My parents had already gone to bed when I got home that night after the movie, so I had no alibi. The cops had me arrested.” He sighed. “Long story short, they had to release me due to lack of evidence. I didn’t do it. But the whole town thought I had done it,” he said and swallowed. “I know it was that asshole Brick,” Jimmy said and his eyes got darker. “He was never gonna let her go, especially to some low-life like me, just like your husband,” he said and glanced at Betty. “His buddies gave him an alibi, said he was with them the entire evening, but that’s bull, I know it,” he said. “They couldn’t really find any DNA, the water had washed it all away I guess. So they never found out who did it.”
They were quiet for a while.
“Anyway, I had to leave town. I left right out of high school. Just couldn’t deal with all the people looking at me like that,” he said in a low voice. Betty understood. “I just wished I had walked her home that night. None of this would’ve happened,” he said, looking down. So that’s what the guilt was about, Betty thought. Him not being able to save Amy. She stroked his back with one hand to comfort him. Her heart ached for him.
“I get it,” she said. “I believe you. I don’t think you could ever do anything like that,” she added. He turned his head to look at her. Tears ran down his bearded face. She leaned against him and they sat like that for a moment. If forgiving others was hard, forgiving yourself was so much harder, she thought. She could probably forgive Eric someday. But she wasn’t sure if she could ever forgive herself for putting herself in a situation like that.
They lay down on her bed together for a while, and Jimmy told her about his childhood, how he grew up on the countryside, how he’d gone fishing almost every day, about his parents, and other things that sparked a memory in him. He was finally opening up to her, and she was just quiet and listened, and just let the words pour out of him.
“Well, that was exhausting,” Jimmy mumbled, hours later when they lay face to face looking into each other’s eyes.
“Yeah,” she said.
“I think I’ll just go back to my room and crash. Is that all right with you?” he said stroking a string of her black hair away from her face. 
“Sure,” she said. She understood his need to be by himself.
“Okay,” he said.
“Okay,” she said. Jimmy leaned in and kissed her tenderly, then got up and gently closed the door behind him.
Betty stayed on the bed, touching the dent in the covers after Jimmy’s body, thinking about everything. She was exhausted too.
There was a knock on the door. Jimmy had probably changed his mind. She smiled to herself and got up and opened the door. It wasn’t Jimmy. It was Eric.
Chapter 10

Betty
 
Betty felt completely shocked seeing Eric outside her door and stared straight into his cold gray eyes.
“You little cunt,” he wheezed between his teeth and grabbed her by the throat and pushed her inside. He kicked the door shut and pressed her up against the bathroom door which was closed. Betty couldn’t breathe, she struggled to try and get free from his hands around her neck. She clawed and scratched at his hands, but he was too strong for her. “Did you think I was just going to let you go?” he wheezed into her face. His black short hair was combed neatly to the side like always. Sometimes he’d spend ten minutes in the bathroom, combing it until it was just right.
“Urgh,” Betty gurgled, and tried to scratch Eric in the face. He laughed and leaned his head back, just out of reach. “You’re like a scared little bunny, aren’t you? Oh, your heart is beating so fast,” he said, mocking her. “I told you, I’ll always find you,” he said, tightening the grip around her neck. 
Betty panicked and started banging the bathroom door beside her body with her fists. She was hoping Jimmy would hear the banging before she passed out. They had exchanged spare keycards before, so he had her extra spare and she had his. “Noo, you little bitch,” Eric said and moved her away from the door and threw her down on the bed instead. He had momentarily let go of her throat and she gasped for breath. “You’re my wife,” Eric wheezed between his teeth. He leaned over her and put both his hands around her neck again. Soon Betty could only hear the throbbing of her heart, everything was getting blurred.
Suddenly Eric’s face jerked away and the grip on her neck disappeared. She thought she saw Jimmy’s face, but she wasn’t sure if she was dreaming or hallucinating, wishing him there. She turned to the side and took long deep gasps of breaths, coughing. The world around her got clearer.
“Why don’t you pick on someone your own size, you piece of shit!” Jimmy said, grabbing Eric by the collar of his fancy suit, hauling him out the door.
“I’m always going to find you, Betty!” Eric called out as Jimmy let go of his collar and pushed him. “You’re my little bunny, Betty!” he yelled.
“Shut your fucking mouth!” Jimmy shouted, pushing him away from Betty’s door and along toward the reception area. “Get the fuck out of here or I swear to God..!” he said, pointing his finger at Eric. He wanted to kill the son of a bitch, but right now he was more interested in getting back to Betty, to see if she was all right. The two men glared at each other and Eric slowly moved toward the exit, so Jimmy hurried back into Betty’s room and closed the door behind him.
She was still trying to breathe normally, lying on the side, and Jimmy knelt beside the bed and stroked her head.
“Baby, are you all right?” he said, concerned. She nodded. “Do you want me to call an ambulance?” he asked her. She shook her head. He sat there with her stroking her head until she was able to breathe without strain.
“Is he gone?” she whispered.
“Yes, he’s gone,” Jimmy said. “Don’t worry, I’m here,” he added. Betty started crying. Jimmy moved her up a bit on the bed and lay down beside her, holding her close. Betty cried against his strong chest. “You want to sleep in my room tonight?” Jimmy said, kissing her on the head. Betty nodded, taking comfort in his strong arms.
She stayed in his room for the next couple of days, until she had gotten over the worst shock of the attack. Was Eric coming back again? Was she going to have to look over her shoulder for the rest of her life, afraid that he was going to be there? Jimmy tried to persuade her to call the police, but she didn’t want to. All she wanted was to leave all this mess behind, not start a police investigation. Betty did not want to sit through a trial in court, having Eric’s eyes on her the whole time. That would be a win for him, even if he went to jail. She just wanted to go to California and get a divorce and be done with it.
A few days later Betty made a decision to buy a handgun for protection. She took her Lincoln and drove to a gun store. At first she just sat in her car looking at the store from afar. She’d always been against weapons of any kind. They could be used against you. And Eric had the whole house full of them, to display his power over her. His attack on her and finding her in that motel…it showed her he wasn’t going to back off. She needed to be able to protect herself. She couldn’t rely on Jimmy, or anyone else for that matter.
Betty got out of the car and went inside the store.
“Can I help you, ma’am?” the clerk asked her, a heavyset man with large sideburns and a thousand yard stare. There was no one else in the store. Well, it was mid-day so that shouldn’t be a surprise.
“Yes, I need a handgun,” Betty said, collecting herself, walking up to the counter.
“Any preferences?” the man asked. She noticed a scent of sweat coming from him across the counter. 
“Small enough to fit my purse I guess,” she said holding her purse up.
“I might have a few over here,” the seller said, moving over to the left side of the counter that had a glass top. He pointed down at the guns laying there, locked in the glass counter.
Betty listened as the man informed her of the guns. Her eyes glanced down on a black, small semi-automatic.
“That one,” she said and pointed on it. 
“You got a permit?” he asked and she brought out the CCW from her purse and handed it to him along with her driver’s license. She had gotten the permit a while ago, as Eric’s violence had escaladed, but she just hadn’t built up the nerve to buy a gun. Until now. The man looked over her papers and then glanced at her. “You know how to use a gun?” he asked.
“Not really,” she admitted. The man came out from behind the counter to show her how to load the gun, put the safety on, and how to hold it. 
“Stand steady like a boxer, one foot slightly in front of the other, and try to lean forward a bit so your shoulders are forward. We call it ‘nose over feet’, look down really quickly and you’ll see. Yeah, that’s it,” he said to Betty. “Keep a firm grip on the gun, and it won’t tremble as much,” he added. She was going to try to remember every word he said.
“Boxer stance, nose over feet, and hard grip, got it,” she nodded.
Betty didn’t tell Jimmy about the gun. She hid it in one of the drawers in her room for quick access in case Eric decided to visit her again before they left. Or if he decided to chase them all over the country to California. This time she’d be ready for him.



Jimmy

Jimmy had given his two weeks’ notice at work to go with Betty to California. His boss had been understanding, and only asked him to stay and finish the current project, which was about another week’s work. Betty wasn’t the only one who had been affected by the dramatic events during the last week. She noticed Jimmy was getting quieter. He was still attentive and very tender, making sure she was all right the whole time, but he had a shadow on his face she hadn’t seen before.
     Jimmy stood at the edge of the pool looking down. He could see his own reflection on the surface of the water, like a shadow figure. That’s how he had lived since everything with Amy had happened, all those years ago. Like a shadow of his former self. Less. So much less than he should’ve been. He didn’t blame his wife for leaving him. He hadn’t been able to give her what she deserved.
The pain that the memories brought out made him contemplate just letting himself fall forward into the water and dissolve under the surface. Why couldn’t he be stronger? Why couldn’t he fight against the waves, like Santiago? Jimmy felt like a loser. A drunken loser. He would just let the water take him away, not fight for his life.
He had drowned his sorrows and guilt with alcohol for so many years that he wasn’t sure he had felt anything real ever since. Until now. It was as if Betty had brought him out of the water. He could finally breathe again. But his past had made her doubt him, doubt his character.
He looked down into the shimmering blue water, glittering in the afternoon sun. He needed to make good on her. And he knew what he was going to do. He was going to be strong for Betty. He was going to save her.


The day after, Jimmy bought two takeout orders, surprising Bert with dinner in the old man’s room. Bert was thrilled to have some company. Jimmy told him he needed advice on his relationship with Betty and the old man was happy to help. 
“Well, just open your heart to her, that’s what women want,” Bert told him, excited to be needed. 
“Mm,” Jimmy hummed, and shuffled some Pasta Alfredo into his mouth. “I just wanna make things right,” he mumbled, more to himself.
After dinner, when Bert went to the bathroom, Jimmy quickly got up and searched the drawers. He knew Bert kept a handgun in his room. He found it wrapped in a small hand towel in the man’s sock drawer. He checked to see if it was loaded. It was. And the safety was on. Jimmy knew how to handle a gun. Growing up in Wisconsin he’d gone deer hunting with his dad, and they’d shoot beer cans just for fun. There wasn’t much else to do around there. 
Jimmy put the gun against his back held in place by the waistband in his jeans and made sure the shirt hid it.
“Hey buddy, I’m going to take off,” he hollered toward the bathroom.
“Okay! Thanks for dinner!” Bert yelled back through the door.

Jimmy sat on his bed in his room holding the gun in one hand and a cold bottle of beer in the other, thinking about what he was going to do. If he was going to do something he’d better make up his mind fast, before Bert realized the gun was missing, he thought. But he already knew that he was going to do it. He just needed a couple more beers to boost his confidence.
Chapter 11

Betty

Later that evening there was a knock on Betty’s door. She was startled at first. After her husband’s surprise visit she had asked Jimmy to do a special knock, so she’d know it was him. This was just a regular knock. Her heart started beating so fast the sound echoed in her head. It made her nauseous. Was Eric back? She started panting.
Betty silently snuck over the floor and peered out the security hole in the door. It was old Bert. Betty leaned the head against the door in relief. She opened the door.

Jimmy

Jimmy was heading out of town in his pick-up truck. He’d put the gun in the glove compartment. A big part of him hoped he wouldn’t have to use it. He was only bringing it for protection. He was going to have a word with that low-life scumbag husband of hers. There was no way he was going to let that guy get away with threatening her like that. He was enraged by how scared she’d looked. He was going to protect her.
All the years of guilt for not being able to protect his old girlfriend gnarled at his soul. He was going to do this. There was no turning back. He really wanted to give that guy a piece of his mind. He had it coming. Wouldn’t mind roughing him up either. Jimmy drove faster and his knuckles turned white around the steering wheel, his blue eyes steadfast on the road in front of him.


Betty

“Hey Bert,” Betty said and held the door open for him. The old man was panting, short of breath from trying to hurry from his room to her door on his bad feet.
“Oh, Betty, I got a bad feeling,” Bert said looking anxiously at her.
“Why? What’s wrong?” she asked.
“I’ve got a handgun in my room, for protection, you know. Now it’s missing,” he said, blinking nervously. “I had dinner with Jimmy earlier tonight. I think he took it.” He whispered the last sentence.
Betty stared at him, trying to comprehend what he was saying.
“That’s ridiculous, why would Jimmy take your gun?” she scoffed, but she got a bad feeling tingling at the back of her neck.
“He was saying how he was gonna make things right,” Bert said, blinking again and licking his lips. “Maybe he’s gone to see your husband,” he said.
“Oh, no,” Betty said, thinking the old man might be right. She tried to think for a couple of seconds, then opened a drawer and ruffled around her shirts until she found her gun. She checked it was loaded and had the safety on, then shoved it down against the small of her back in her jeans and pulled the t-shirt over it. She grabbed her car keys, put the keycard in the back pocket of her pants, snatched her phone and gently shoved Bert out of her room.
“Wait, where are you going?” he objected, but she shut the door behind them. “Shouldn’t we call the cops?” he suggested.
“Um, I don’t know,” she said and stopped to think. “I’m gonna go over there and make sure Jimmy isn’t there. If I see his truck there I’ll call the police, okay?” she said, and Bert nodded. She hurried to her car. Bert shook his head. This was bad.

Jimmy

Betty and her husband lived in a nearby town and it took Jimmy a while to get there. He had found the guy’s address online on the phone and he used the GPS on it to find the way. He didn’t think; he just drove. It was easy to follow the directions on the phone. 
Driving up to the house he felt a bit intimidated, it was practically a mansion. The house was large with tall white pillars, and a big black Escalade was parked beside it. It felt strange to think this had been Betty’s home.
He didn’t drive all the way up to the house; he stopped in the shadows under a large tree where he could overlook the property. It was evening and the shadows of dusk would hide him, he thought. Jimmy sat in his car for a while pondering over what to do next. He assumed the Escalade belonged to her husband, Eric, and that it being in the driveway meant that he was home.


Betty

Betty dialed Jimmy’s number on her cell phone as she was driving on the highway.
“Come on,” she mumbled. “Pick up, pick up, pick up,” she muttered and glanced at her phone on the passenger seat. It was ringing but no one answered it. “Shit,” she said and hung up by pressing the button on the screen. She was really hoping she was overreacting, that Jimmy was just at a local bar or something, getting drunk.
The fact that he was not answering the phone was not a good sign. Betty pushed the pedal down a little harder on her Lincoln, careful not to go over the speed limit. Getting pulled over by a patrol car was the last thing she needed right now.

Jimmy

There was only one thing he could do, he concluded. He could just walk up to the front door and ring the door bell, see if the idiot would be willing to talk to him. His phone started ringing. Jimmy looked at the display. It was Betty. He ignored the call. He’d talk to her later. He needed to do this first.
Jimmy slowly drove up to the house and parked in front of the door. He brought out the gun from the glove compartment and got out of his truck. He put the safety off, quickly put the gun in his pants behind his back and pulled the t-shirt down to cover it, and started walking toward the house. He had left the phone in his car; the ringing would be too distracting.
He rang the doorbell and looked up at the huge door. Rich people. They thought they’d impress you with their tall buildings and their expensive cars and watches. Jimmy wasn’t impressed. This guy was the scum of the earth. His hands made fists as he waited for the door to open.
With a clicking sound the door opened and there he was. Eric was dressed in gray suit pants, a white shirt and a blue tie, and he had a surprised look on his face at first. He stared at Jimmy with some recognition.
“Do I know you?” Eric asked, sizing him up and down.
“I’m a friend of Betty’s,” Jimmy said, staring Eric right in the eye.
A smile played in the corner of Eric’s mouth as he looked back at Jimmy.
“Of course,” he said and opened the door to let him in. “Why don’t you come in?” he offered. Jimmy stepped inside and closed the door behind him.

Betty

Betty had kept calling Jimmy, but he didn’t pick up, so now she just focused on driving. She tried to push her thoughts away, but it was hard. Scenes popped up in her head that she didn’t want to see, or imagine. If he had actually gone to see her ex… Nothing good would come of it. The pit in her stomach grew stronger with every minute that passed and he didn’t return her call.

Jimmy

“Would you like a drink? I’m having one,” Eric said and started walking into the vast kitchen with sleek marble countertops. Jimmy followed him. There was something eerie about this guy. He seemed amused. Jimmy wanted to wipe that stupid grin off his face.
“No thanks, I’m good,” Jimmy muttered.
“Suit yourself,” Eric said, brought out a tall tumbler glass from one of the cabinets, and opened the fancy stainless steel fridge to take out a bottle of Russian vodka. Jimmy watched as Eric made himself a vodka and soda drink. There was tension in the air, but Betty’s husband seemed at ease.
“So, what can I do for you?” Eric said with a wry smile and sipped on his drink. They stood twenty feet apart, the kitchen island in the middle. Eric moved around the side of it, putting his drink down on the top of it and stared at Jimmy. There was nothing separating them now but the air between them. “Please don’t tell me you’ve come here to tell me to stay away from my wife. She is my wife, you know,” Eric said, his gaze burning into Jimmy’s.
“She will divorce you, and you’re gonna leave her alone,” Jimmy spat the words out. 
Eric lifted his eyebrows and tried to hold back a guttural laugh. He had some more of his drink, carefully set the glass down and opened a drawer on the kitchen island. He brought out a gun. It was a large silver .45 revolver, the kind that would make Dirty Harry envious. Jimmy swallowed. If he was hit by that thing, there wouldn’t be much left of him. He thought of the much smaller .22 against his back. The perk of a small gun was that the recoil would be smaller, making it easier to hit the mark. He was a pretty good shooter. He could only hope that Eric wasn’t. The fact that he had such a large gun suggested he wasn’t.
“Over-compensating for something?” Jimmy scoffed, nodding toward the gun.
“Here’s how I see things,” Eric said, holding the heavy revolver up, admiring the shiny steel, ignoring Jimmy’s snarky remark. “I forgot to lock my front door tonight when I got back from work. My wife’s crazy, jealous lover got in and threatened me in my own home – that’s you – and I defended myself accordingly,” the man said with a crooked grin. Was this all a game to him? 
Jimmy started breathing more heavily, his right hand ready to grab his gun. Adrenalin flushed through his body. This was it.
 
 
Betty


As Betty turned into her old street and got closer to the house she had once called home, she could see Jimmy’s truck parked outside.
“Shit,” she mumbled and sped up over the gravel driveway and stopped behind the white truck. She opened the door to the driver seat and got out of the Lincoln, rushing to her old front door, not knowing what kind of scene she could expect inside. Hopefully they’d just be arguing verbally. She knew her husband kept guns in every room of the house. He’d been sure to let her know that; that he could kill her if he wanted to, no matter where she was in the house. Well, she was armed now too. Betty took the gun in one hand, undid the safety and held it in her right hand, hiding it behind her as she felt the door with her left hand.
The front door was unlocked and she carefully opened it as silent as possible and stepped inside, stopped in the hallway and listened. The house was quiet. Where could they be?
She quietly sneaked to the right into the living room but found it empty. There was no sound. Were they even in the house? She’d have to go room to room to find out, she thought, and hurriedly walked back to the hallway and into the kitchen. She walked right into what looked like a draw in an old western movie, Jimmy and Eric standing there staring at each other. She was right behind Jimmy and she stared at her husband holding the huge silver revolver in his hands.


Jimmy


“You’re gonna shoot an unarmed man? That’s murder,” Jimmy said, without noticing Betty behind him.
“This is not the only gun in the house,” Eric said with a coy smile. So he was going to plant a gun on Jimmy’s body. What a charmer. He had it all figured out.
Jimmy had begun breathing with his mouth open. He could probably turn around and put his hands in the air. The idiot wouldn’t shoot him in the back; the only reason being that the cops would not see it as self-defense. 
But Jimmy wasn’t about to back away like a coward. He was going to aim for the chest and the head. His gun was a semi-automatic, so all he had to remember was to keep squeezing the trigger. If he was lucky he might get a hit before he was taken down himself, he thought.
“I know,” Jimmy said. Eric looked confused for a second, and glanced at Betty emerging from behind on Jimmy’s, on right hand side now, and Jimmy took the opportunity and let his right hand reach for the gun against his back.
As Jimmy’s hand got a hold of the gun and he swung his arm around in one swift motion and held it up in front of him, Eric took his eyes off Betty and raised his right arm and pointed the .45 at him. Jimmy used both hands to hold the gun steady and started firing. The loud pops from his semi-automatic was nothing compared to the deafening blast of the .45 revolver.
Jimmy’s body flew backward from the impact of the bullet, and he lost his breath falling hard against the tiled floor.


Betty

Betty gasped for breath when she realized both men were firing their guns. As Eric took one of Jimmy’s bullets in the shoulder his body jerked to the left, and Betty raised both hands around her handgun, assumed a boxer’s stance and aimed for the chest. She took a hard grip on the gun, and gently pressed the trigger once. Bang. Again. Bang. Eric took a hit in the center of his chest and fell backwards onto the floor, dropping his silver revolver next to him. Betty nearly fired again, but stopped herself. Her hands were shaking and she glanced to her left, to Jimmy.
The first thing she saw was Jimmy’s light brown hair on the floor, and his body stretched out, his hands were twitching and there was blood all over his chest. Her husband lay about twenty feet away on the floor in the opposite direction, and he wasn’t moving, so she assumed he had been taken out. 
She made a strange sound and took the few steps needed to get an overview of Jimmy’s body. There was blood all over his t-shirt. He had obviously been shot in the chest, lying there, gasping for air. She kneeled beside him, she dropped her gun to the floor, her hands were shaking. Jimmy looked into her eyes, panting, gasping for air.
“It’s okay,” she said to Jimmy while she thought of what to do. She had to call 911. It wasn’t easy getting the phone out of her tight back pocket with her hands shaking so much, but she managed to and dialed the number. 
“Hello?” she said when the responder answered. “My boyfriend has been shot! Please send help to…” she had to focus to remember her own address. “…to 34 Maple Drive!” She was panting now and she dropped the phone to the floor as soon as the responder said an ambulance was on the way. She tried to put pressure on the wound with both her hands, leaned over his chest. Jimmy’s body twitched and he coughed up blood, coloring his lips bright red.
“Did I save you?” he managed to get out. There was no doubt in her mind he was dying. He was choking on his own blood.
“Yes, baby, you saved me,” she said and stroked his bearded chin, tears welling up in her eyes. She blinked them away; she wanted to look at Jimmy without blurred vision. Get it together, she thought to herself. You can cry later. 
Jimmy seemed relieved and she felt his body relax. He continued to gasp for air with increasing gurgling sounds, and then his head turned to the right as his soul left his body. 
“You saved me weeks ago,” she whispered, tears streaming down her face now and she lay down beside him, with her face against his until the ambulance came, savoring the last minutes she’d ever have with him. She would never forget him. He would never be forgotten, for as long as she lived.
She was crying and holding on to him when she felt hands try to lift her up, away from Jimmy. It was the police officers.
“Ma’am,” someone said and she felt how somebody lifted her up under her arm pits, to a standing position. Betty looked down at her hands. Her palms were bright red with blood. Jimmy’s blood. She made both hands into fists, trying to hold on to him, the essence of him, hyperventilating. Someone threw a blanket over her shoulders and lead her out of the kitchen. It was just as well. She couldn’t bear to see them lift Jimmy onto a stretcher and take him away. Everything got more blurry as she went into shock.

Betty woke up in Jimmy’s room at the motel the next morning, clutching his Hemingway pocket book. She slowly got up in a sitting position. She couldn’t remember the rest of yesterday, it was all a blur. She believed a detective had asked her some questions, and then they must’ve let her go. Did she drive back to the motel? She couldn’t recall. 
She realized they would probably clean out his room soon, and she couldn’t be there to watch it. She took the pocket book and a shirt lying on his bed and sniffed on it. It still smelled like Jimmy. Betty took the two items and closed the door behind her, walking into her own room next to his. She curled up on her bed, crying and holding on to his t-shirt.
Chapter 12

One month later

Betty had moved out of the Paradise Motel as a widow. She checked in at a four star hotel while she waited for the police investigation to finish. Only thing was, she wasn’t mourning her dead husband, she was mourning her boyfriend. The cops didn’t want her to leave the state until they had conducted a full investigation, but she was in no hurry to leave. She was so sad she couldn’t leave her room at the fancy hotel for two weeks. 
The police had conducted a thorough investigation. The idea that they might suspect her and Jimmy of going over to Eric’s to kill her husband together was of course preposterous, but she did everything they asked. They interviewed Bert and Dani and checked all their phone records. There was no evidence what so ever of either of them planning to kill her husband. The evidence backed everyone’s testimony.
She had told the cops about the long-term abuse her husband had put her through, even showed them pictures from her phone of her black eye. She told them that Jimmy probably brought the gun for protection, and that he most likely went to the house to tell the husband to just back off and leave Betty alone. Surveillance footage also showed her husband coming to the motel that night, backing up Betty’s story of how he’d come there in a state of rage to threaten her. 
A month later they had closed the case, writing it off as a meeting that got out of control; the two men got into an argument and both began shooting at each other as Betty had entered the scene. Betty had managed to put a bullet right in Eric’s heart. He’d been dead before he hit the floor.
Betty hadn’t been able to stay at the motel, it just reminded her of Jimmy not being there anymore, and it was too painful. She loved him so much. He had set her free, in so many ways. In the end, he had made the ultimate sacrifice for her, though that was probably not his intention. Or maybe it had been, she really didn’t know what his state of mind had been. He would always be her hero now.
Betty had inherited the big house and her husband’s company, which she had sold as soon as the investigation was over. She was now rich and free to start over anywhere she wanted. No longer on the run, she still wanted to run away to California like she had planned with Jimmy. Betty needed a fresh start where there were no bad memories or people talking about her behind her back. She longed to plant new roots in a place where people would get to know the new Betty.
Before skipping town, there was one last thing she had to do.
Parking outside the Paradise Motel one last time, Betty sat in her car for a moment, looking at the pool area. She had only stayed there for a few weeks, and yet it felt as if she’d spent a lifetime there. The white plastic chairs were empty in front of he pool. She hoped they’d soon be filled with new people searching for rescue, a temporary safe haven there, she thought as she got out of her car.
She’d heard that Bert’s wife had taken him back. He’d called her after Jimmy had died and they had reconciled. That gave her some sense of the world doing something right. Bert wasn’t going to have to spend the rest of his days alone. That was comforting to know.
Betty got out of the car, walked through the reception and up the stairs. She knocked on Dani’s door, removed her sunglasses and waited. Betty could hear footsteps on the other side of the door, a pause, and then the door opened. Dani was wearing a hot pink dress and a brown wig with sleek hair to the shoulders. Her face cracked open into a wide smile, hot pink lips to match the dress.
“Betty Boop!” Dani said and gave Betty a warm hug.
“Hey Dani,” Betty said and hugged her friend back.
“How have you been?” Dani asked with a concerned look in her dark brown eyes.
“Well, you know. It’s been tough,” she replied. Dani nodded. “But everything’s done, and I feel ready to leave this place,” Betty said. “Are you ready?” she asked.
“I’ve never been more ready in my entire life,” Dani chuckled and lifted a suitcase that had stood inside the door. Betty smiled when she saw some pink feathers sticking out of it. Jimmy was gone and she could never get him back. But it wasn’t too late to make real friends, so she had asked Dani if she wanted to take the road trip to California with her. It would be a new start for the both of them.

Betty put the first gear in, made the engine roar and started driving away from the parking lot with Dani on the passenger seat. She turned the streamlined baby blue 1967 Lincoln onto the main road, heading straight out of town. She was never getting rid of this car. She looked back in the rearview mirror. The sign of the Paradise motel was getting smaller and smaller.
She would never forget what Jimmy had done for her. It wasn’t just that he had given up his life for her, but he had taught her so much about moving on, always looking ahead, never looking back. Yet, he hadn’t managed to move on himself. Perhaps he had saved himself more than he had saved her with what he’d done. She had left her husband, she was getting a divorce, she was getting out. She had saved herself already, even though she hadn’t seen it, caught up in the middle out if all. Jimmy had tried to escape the demons from his past the only way he could.
Betty’s eyes with black eyeliner left the rearview mirror and looked forward passing the sign that said Harrisville City Limits, moving forward into something new. She turned her head and glanced at the brown weekend bag on the back seat with the Hemingway pocket book sticking out of it. She had vowed to read it every five years to see if she’d learned something new about her own life, in Jimmy’s honor. She was traveling light these days. After staying at the motel Betty had realized she only needed a pair of jeans and some shirts. She no longer had any need for wearing a new dress every day. She had no need for anybody really. Well, maybe a few good friends. She smiled at Dani. 
“Woohooo, we’re on the road, baby!” Dani shouted. It made Betty laugh. She hadn’t laughed in a long time. Jimmy’s spirit would still be with her somehow. She could never go back, and that was actually a blessing. It wasn’t just that her life was different now. She was different.







Psst! If you liked this story please consider leaving a quick review on the retailer’s site or on Goodreads. The more reviews, the more visibility a book will get on the retailer’s site. It really helps other readers find the book. So, please drop a line or two. Thank you for reading it! /Victoria



About the Author


Victoria Wallin is an author and freelance translator living in Stockholm, Sweden. She is a multi-genre author and writes Women’s Fiction, Romance, Romantic Comedies, Historical Fiction and Crime Thrillers, which are available at most e-retailers.

For the latest updates on her work visit Victoria’s social media platforms:

Facebook page: VictoriaWallinAuthor

Twitter: @wallinvictoria1

Instagram: VictoriaWallin_Author

Blog: victoriawallintheauthor.wordpress.com
