
DARE  TO  LOVE  AGAIN


INSPIRATIONAL  DRAMA  AND  ROMANCE


Sequel to “No Greater Love”


LINDA  MARIE  KELLY


DARE TO LOVE AGAIN 
No Greater Love Series  –  Book II
Whippoorwill Lodge Enterprises LLC

All rights reserved.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, or transmitted by any means – electronic, mechanical, photographic (photocopying), recording, or otherwise – without prior permission in writing from the author.
This novel is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places of business, and events are works of imagination.  Locations are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual events is coincidental.
Scriptures paraphrased from the Holy Bible

A product of the United States of America

ISBN  978-0-9887124-1-6

DEDICATION

This book is dedicated to military families who have lost loved ones in battle and are left to overcome their grief; and to those who have struggled to help their injured soldier regain a normal life.
It is also dedicated to those brave individuals who hurry to disasters around the world to save the life of their fellow men and to the trained rescue dogs who risk their lives to find survivors.
It is my prayer that God will richly bless your lives.
 

Contents
DEDICATION	3
PROLOGUE	5
CHAPTER  1	7
CHAPTER  2	26
CHAPTER 3	43
CHAPTER  4	66
CHAPTER  5	75
CHAPTER  6	87
CHAPTER  7	94
CHAPTER  8	108
CHAPTER  9	123
CHAPTER  10	150
EPILOGUE	158
NOTE  FROM  THE  AUTHOR	162



PROLOGUE

As Emily Pearson thought back over the last six months, since the day she had laid the cherished body of Scott in the ground, it seemed like a blur of unending sorrow.
She was afraid she would never forget the heart-rending effort it had taken for her to turn and walk away from her husband’s grave holding onto the small hand of their son as she headed toward an unknown future she had no desire to face alone.
Although surrounded by her loving family and friends – and many service men that had fought beside Scott through the years – she had felt isolated.  Only the need to be strong for her children and her newfound faith that God would never forsake her had enabled her to place one foot in front of the other.
She couldn’t recall the trip home from the cemetery or the house full of well-wishers that had returned from the graveside service with them.  Her mother and Scott’s, with the help of her best friend, Melinda Weaver, had overseen the needs of the guests.
She remembered climbing into her and Scott’s bed to hold her children in her arms as the three of them sought some much needed rest.  Making herself comfortable, she had waited and prayed for sleep to overtake her as she mentally uttered her last goodbye to Scott.
“Scott, I know you didn’t want to leave us here on earth alone.  I’m so sorry you had to go home to be with Jesus so soon, but oh what joy it gave us to find out that you had given your life to Him on Easter morning.”
“Everyone is talking about how brave you were to save your men and your attempt to try to save that little boy.  I’m proud of you; so is little Steven, and he is being so brave…just like his father.”
“I wish I could send you videos in Heaven like I sent to you overseas.  I would love to send you one of Steven as he threw his arms around me and said, ‘Mommy, that hug’s from daddy, he wants you to know he loves you very much!’  It was the day after we learned of your death; I was crying at both the sad realization that you were really gone and the glad knowledge I had just learned from Brian of your salvation experience.  Steven’s words truly comforted me; I felt like you were right there in the room with us.  At that moment I realized that you had left part of yourself behind for me through our babies.”
“When you gave Steven the job of being your ‘Hug Ambassador’, you gave him a way to help deal with his own sorrow of losing you.  During the graveside service he was holding his wallet…the one you sent him…looking at your picture.”
“I promise to keep you alive in Steven’s and little Jessica’s minds and hearts.  I’m so glad that you wrote all the letters for me to give to them as they grow up.”
“As you know, I’m hurting really bad, but I promise that with God’s help, I will somehow move beyond this pain so I can raise our children as you would have wanted.”
“My precious Scott, I wish I could have looked on your handsome face one last time to say goodbye at the funeral, but I know I’ll see you again one day in Heaven.  Goodbye my loving husband, goodbye.”

CHAPTER  1

Thanksgiving was fast approaching and Emily dreaded the first holiday season that they would spend without Scott.
Jessica had turned two on the 18th of August; she had been too young to remember the last time Scott had held her in his arms and kissed her goodbye.  The picture of that farewell was hanging beside her bed, and every night she would say, “Good night, Daddy.  I love you,” while Emily tucked her in and helped her to say her prayers.
Steven would be six on the 30th of December.  Scott’s death had been very hard on him as he remembered his dad vividly and missed him terribly, but he tried to be brave, as his father had asked him to be.
In some ways, it only seemed like yesterday to Emily when Scott had played with the children and held her in his arms; and at other times, she struggled to remember the sound of his laughter and the love shining through his hazel eyes.  When that would happen, she would gather Jessica and Steven onto the couch and together they would watch the many movies she had filmed of Scott before he headed overseas; movies that were meant to keep his image alive for the children until he returned, but would now have to keep his memory alive for a lifetime.  It was going to be a daunting job for Emily to be both mother and father.
Emily struggled to hold her tears back when they watched the movies together; however, when she was alone and would watch the video Scott’s father had given her the day following the funeral, she would cry uninhibitedly.  Scott had filmed a special goodbye, just for Emily’s eyes, before he had flown back to the war zone following his leave; a goodbye that he had hoped would never be delivered.
* * * * *
It was a warm and sunny afternoon for fall and the children were playing in their fenced yard.  Emily could hear their happy squeals as Puller frolicked with them.  Steven would throw a ball and the black retriever would faithfully return it.  Occasionally the loving pet would tease the children by running from them with the ball clutched in his jaws.  They would chase him until he would deliberately slow enough for them to catch him and then the game would start all over again.
Emily stood by the glass doors watching her children play.  She felt her spirit soar as she looked at God’s amazing creations in the little valley that was nestled in the Black Mountains that are a part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Range in the Southern Appalachians just outside of the town of Black Mountain, North Carolina, where they called home.
The hardwood trees had turned brilliant colors of red, yellow, and orange but were now dropping their leaves; the always-green pines complemented their numerous hues.  The little brook that meandered through the backyard caught and reflected the sunlight like thousands of sparkling jewels.  The valley hadn’t changed since the days Scott had played here as a child; it was a beautiful backdrop for her to relive her memories of him.
The phone rang and Emily figured it was either her mom, or Scott’s, checking up on them as they had faithfully done several times a day since Scott had been killed.
Answering the phone, she continued to watch Jessica and Steven – who were now rolling in the grass with their dog – Emily was surprised to hear a voice that she hadn’t heard since the day after her husband’s death.
“Emily, this is Brian Brooks.  I’m back in the states and felt a compelling need to come to Black Mountain today to see you and to visit Scott’s grave.  I knew you lived a few miles out of town but I didn’t know just where, so I stopped at the bank and they told me how to find your house.  I hate to impose on you unannounced, but I’m sitting in my car at the end of your drive and was wondering if it would be alright if I stopped in to meet you and the kids?”
Scott and Brian had become close friends at their base overseas.  The two men had been out on a mission together, each leading a company of Marines as they fought for their country.  Their squads had separated and were to meet up again at a small village where they would be transported back to the base.  Seconds before Brian and his men had arrived at the rendezvous point, Scott had died trying to stop an insurgent from blowing up a little boy in an attempt to kill Scott’s men.
Weeks before Scott’s death, the two men had studied the Bible together as they tried to determine if it was necessary to have a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.  As they read scriptures and talked about eternity, they discussed their possible deaths.  Scott had asked Brian to visit his family if he were killed and do his best to be there for his children if they should need him.
Brian had readily agreed and knew he should have come much sooner to meet Scott’s family, but he was anxious about doing so.  He had written several letters to them, but he was fearful that he would break down and cry when he was finally standing in their presence, adding to their own heavy load of sorrow.  He had also put off visiting Scott’s grave because of the tremendous feeling of loss he still suffered from the death of his friend.
Brian hadn’t re-enlisted with the Marines when his tour was up and had returned seven weeks ago from the front.  He had been in Asheville, North Carolina, for a job interview earlier in the day when the unexplained urgency had pressed in on him to make the short trip over to Black Mountain.
“Why, Brian, we would love for you to stop in; drive on up the lane,” Emily said pleasantly, and then Brian heard her frantic scream, “Kids, get away from that bear cub; its mother will be close!”
Brian threw his cell phone on the seat and sped down the driveway to the house; rocks were flying as he slammed on the brakes and jumped from the car before it had rolled to a complete stop.
He could hear the loud barking of a dog, the frightened cries of an animal, and Emily’s screams coming from behind the house.  He took off running, and rounding the corner, he propelled himself over the fence into the children’s play area.
A bear cub had managed to get his paw caught in the fence.  Emily was struggling to hold Jessica while she pulled on Steven’s arm, trying to get him to leave his dog.  Puller was barking aggressively at the bawling cub in an attempt to perform his duty of protecting the family from the intruder.
“Emily, take Jessica and run for the house.  I’ll bring Steven!” Brian shouted.  Just then, there was a loud and angry roar; they looked up at the sight of a three-hundred-pound mother black bear as she broke from the woods two hundred yards away and bore down on them, running to the aid of her cub.
Trembling, Emily swiftly spun to take Jessica to the house but slipped and fell; Jessica rolled from her grasp.  Seeing the two laying helpless on the ground, Brian’s training took over and he jumped back outside the fenced area.
With only seconds to spare, he grabbed the cub and pulled with all his strength, trying to free it.  When he succeeded, the terrified animal reached around and bit Brian’s left arm just above his wrist.  Brian yelped in pain and threw the cub away from him in hopes that the mother bear would take her youngster and leave.
With adrenaline pumping, Brian jumped back inside the fence.  Looking up, he saw that the furious bear was still coming directly at them and hadn’t followed her cub; he realized he might not have enough time to save Steven.
As the enraged female continued to close the distance between them, he was thankful to see that Emily had disappeared with Jessica.  He reached for Steven who still had his arms tightly clasped around his dog’s neck.  “Let go, Steven, we’ve got to get inside!” he ordered the frightened child.  “Your dog will follow us.”
Brian sprinted toward the house with Steven, relieved that the dog hadn’t followed but instead ran straight toward the ferocious bear which had just broke through the fence with no effort – as if it was made of toothpicks.
He was glad to see that Emily had left the door open, and as he reached it, she appeared with a rifle in her hand.  Brian tossed Steven to his mother and grabbed the gun.  “Call 911.  We may need help!” Brian shouted.  “Get away from the door; the bear might come right through it!
Puller was putting up a good fight dodging the deadly claws and dashing in and out, nipping at the animal’s hindquarters.  His attempts at driving the bear away had given Brian time to get Steven to safety, but the dog was losing ground.
The second Brian turned to face the bear; he saw one sweep of its powerful paw throw Puller ten feet across the yard.  Then the incensed animal spun and headed straight for him with her mighty jaws open and expressing her intent with deep roars thundering from her chest.
With only a heartbeat to aim, Brian lifted the rifle and with his first shot hit the bear with lethal accuracy.  The bear was dying but lunged forward, knocking Brian to the ground before he could shoot again.  The gun was trapped between his body and the bear’s, rendering it useless; he screamed in pain as the bear’s mighty jaws sank into his shoulder, crunching bone.
With its teeth embedded in Brian, the bear expired.  The stench of the animal and its weight on his chest was making it difficult for him to breathe.  He tried to roll the bear off his chest, but it was too heavy.  The pain in his shoulder was excruciating and he was certain he was going to pass out.
“Brian, I can’t move it off of you,” Emily screamed.  She had returned to the yard and was frantically trying to push the bear from his body.
“We’re going to have to wait for help,” Brian moaned.  “Did you have time to call?”
“I had already pushed the emergency button on the kitchen phone before I grabbed the rifle.  I didn’t have time to tell them what was going on, but with caller ID, they’ll know where to come.”
As Emily knelt to look at Brian’s bleeding arm where the bear cub had bit him, they heard sirens screaming down the highway from town and could tell when they turned and headed down the lane.
“Hang on, Brian, I’ll let them know where to come, and I’ll be right back,” Emily stated with a trembling voice.  As she ran to the front of the house, she was shaking so badly her teeth were rattling; now that her children were safe, her body was reacting to the fear.
When the police hurried to the backyard, they could see that Brian’s body was being crushed, making it impossible for him to draw enough breath into his lungs.  The men knew they couldn’t wait for the EMT’s and forced the bear’s jaws open, pulling its mighty teeth from his shoulder.
Brian involuntarily screamed at the searing pain, but felt sudden relief as the men worked feverishly to roll and jostle the tremendous weight from his chest, allowing him to breathe freely once again.
“Thank God you were able to get it off of me; it felt like the weight was going to push my ribs right through my lungs,” Brian told the officers as they used clean towels that Emily handed them as compresses for his open wounds.
“Would you guys please see what you can do for their pet?” Brian asked.  “After losing their father, these kids don’t need any more sorrow in their young lives.  The dog’s a hero, he charged the bear and gave me time to get Steven to safety,” he added.
“Seems like heroes run in this family,” Jim, one of the police officers, told Brian.  “Don’t you worry about it; I’ll take him to the vet right now.  I grew up with Scott and I’ll do anything I can to help these kids out.”  Puller was still breathing as the officer loaded him into the backseat of the squad car, and with siren blaring, headed for the vet’s clinic.
When the paramedics arrived on the scene, Emily said, “Brian, I’ve got to get back to the kids.  They have to be frightened; I locked them in our safe room.”
“Go, Emily, and don’t let them back out here.  We don’t want them to see the bear again.”
* * * * *
After the police officers and ambulance left, Emily decided to get the children completely away from the house and the memory of what had just happened.  She drove to the old historic drug store and soda shop in town.  Once the kids were happily licking their ice cream cones, she used her cell phone to call Scott’s parents, John and Rebecca Pearson.  They lived between Black Mountain and Asheville and arrived twenty minutes later.
“Grandpa, a baby bear got caught in our fence!” Steven exclaimed when he saw his grandfather walk up to their booth.  “Puller tried to make it go away but the bear’s mama got mad and she came running.  A man that Mommy said was daddy’s friend…you know, the one who writes us letters…he helped me get into the house so Jessica and I could play ‘Hide and Seek’ in the closet!  We just had some ice cream and now we’re drinking chocolate milk.”
“Boy, young man, you can really condense a story, maybe you’ll be a reporter when you grow up,” John told his excited grandson.  “That Puller is a really good dog.  I’m going to buy him a great big bone for being so brave; and I think I’ll buy your daddy’s friend a big steak!”
The children were unaware that Puller and Brian had been hurt.  They believed that the mother bear had taken her cub and went back into the woods.  They didn’t seem to be even a little upset from their experience and Emily was relieved.
“Emily, John and I would like for the three of you to come home with us for a few days,” Rebecca said.  “Why don’t the kids ride with me and John can go back to the house with you to pack some things and lock up,” she suggested.  Rebecca knew that Emily had a lot more to tell them about the incident, but wisely realized she wouldn’t want to do so in front of the children.
“Thank you, Helen.  I don’t want to stay alone with the kids tonight.  What would I do without you and John?” Emily said, as she broke down and cried.  The realization of what had almost happened to her children had finally reduced her to tears.
“Why is Mommy crying,” Steven asked.  “Is she sad again?”
Emily had tried so hard not to let the children know how disheartened she had become since their father had been killed, but little Steven’s words had shown her she hadn’t succeeded.
“No, Steven, these are tears of joy.  I’m happy that we had Puller and your daddy’s friend to protect us; and now your grandma and grandpa are going to take care of us again,” Emily explained as she dried her eyes.  “We are really lucky!  Let’s get you and Jessica buckled into grandma’s car so you can go for a visit.  Grandpa will help me get your things and we’ll see you shortly.”
After Rebecca and the kids headed to Asheville, John and Emily drove to the local hospital and learned that Brian had already been transferred to Asheville where he was scheduled to undergo immediate surgery on his shoulder.  While he was unconscious, the doctors would also clean the deep lacerations on his arm where the cub had bitten him.  The most dangerous complication from both injuries would occur if infection set in from the bacteria that flourished in the bear’s saliva.
John drove Emily home to pack some bags and lock up the house.  As they drove, Emily filled her father-in-law in on what had happened.  “John, it was the strangest thing.  Brian called from his cell phone and said that he had felt a compelling need to come to Black Mountain today.  He said he was sitting at the end of our drive and wondered if it would be alright for him to drop in.”
“As I was talking to him, I heard Puller barking and then I saw the bear cub was stuck in the fence.  I screamed for the children to get away and Brian must have heard me, because moments later he was in the play area with me trying to help with the kids.  I wouldn’t have been able to get them to safety without him; I heard him tell the police that he would never have gotten Steven to the house if Puller hadn’t charged the mother bear.”
“God certainly works in mysterious ways,” John said.  “I have no doubt that Brian was sent to save my precious grandkids and Scott would have been so proud of Puller…he bought that dog to scare away the bears.”
When they reached the house, Emily called the vet; although he needed quite a few stitches, she was relieved to learn that Puller was doing fine.  The vet was going to keep him for a few days but believed the dog would have no complications from his injuries.
There were a couple of agents from the Department of Conservation in the backyard taking pictures of the dead bear.  They already had the inquisitive cub in a cage and a third agent was scouring the woods to see if the mother might have given birth to more.  They would move any offspring to a facility that specialized in raising orphaned cubs without allowing them to become tame or familiar to humans.  Once they were able to fend for themselves, the facility would release the animals back into the wild.
Emily was sorry that the cub had wandered so close to the house that the mother bear had felt she needed to protect it, but she had no regrets that Brian had found it necessary to kill the female.  The safety of her children came first.
* * * * *
When John arrived home with Emily, they sat down and relaxed while the children watched a movie in another room.  Emily filled Rebecca in on the details of the bear’s attack, which she had already shared with John.
“We talked to Brian on the phone one time after Scott was killed and since then he has written us a few letters,” Rebecca remarked, “but we have never met and we weren’t even aware he was in the area.  I wonder if he has any family close enough to come and be with him?”
“No, Scott told me that Brian was an orphan; he has made the Marines his family.  I suppose he’s on leave.  We didn’t even get to introduce ourselves or exchange more than a few words.  As soon as the paramedics arrived, he told me to go to the children and not let them see the mother bear.”
Rebecca and John insisted that Emily leave the kids in their care while she drove the few additional miles to the hospital in Asheville to check on Brian.
Inquiring at the front desk, Emily learned that Brian was still in recovery.  A nurse promised to inform her as soon as he was able to have visitors.  While she waited, she called her parents at their home at Camp Lejeune to tell them about the day’s events.
Her mother was very upset.  “You’ve got to move into town!  It makes me nervous to have you living in the country by yourselves.  I know that bear attacks are rare, and it doesn’t take long for the police to arrive, but Emily…this is proof that it only takes a few seconds for tragedy to strike,” Helen exclaimed.
“Mom, we’ve been over this before.  Where is anyone truly safe?  Sometimes bad things just happen.  I know that God was looking out for us today; he sent Brian to save the kids,” Emily replied.  “I feel so close to Scott in his childhood home where I’m surrounded with so many wonderful memories.  I’m just not ready to give it up!”
“I’m sorry, dear.  Forgive me for acting like a mother.  You’re absolutely right; and I’m sure it would be hard on Steven to leave the place where he had such a wonderful time with his dad.  Besides, I know he loves his teacher, and if you moved, he might have to change schools.  I need to learn to trust God more,” her mother declared.
“I’m going to call your brother James and tell him what has happened,” her father, General Samuel Ward, stated.  “I know he will want to start a prayer chain for Brian.”
“Thanks, Dad.  Let David know, too, will you?  I have to make another phone call and then I’m going to go back to the nurses’ station and see if they’ve forgotten that I’m here.  Love you guys,” Emily said, disconnecting her call.
Emily made a quick call to Melinda and told her what had happened.  After she assured her friend that everything was now under control, she asked her to call their church’s prayer chain leader to request prayers for Brian.  When she hung up, she said a prayer of her own for his healing and thanked God for her new relationship with Christ that gave her the comfort of knowing that she wasn’t alone.
After what seemed like hours, she was ushered into Brian’s room.  He appeared to be asleep as she moved up to the bed and took hold of his right hand.  His left arm was bandaged from the wrist up to the elbow.
“Hello,” Brian said drowsily, as he opened his eyes.  “Are you an angel?”
“No,” Emily laughed.  “But, I think you must be.  How can I ever thank you enough for saving my children today?  Are you in a lot of pain?”
“No, at least not yet; I think they have me on some strong pain medications.  I feel kind of dopey.”
“Did the doctor talk with you while you were in recovery?  Since I’m not family, they won’t tell me anything.  I was lucky they even let me in to see you,” Emily informed him.
“Yes, the doctor told me they had repaired all the damage to my muscles and tendons, but my collar bone is broken.  It should take me about six weeks to recover and then I’ll require four or five weeks of physical therapy,” Brian explained, sleepily.  “For the next couple of weeks they’re going to keep me on strong antibiotics and hope that no infection sets in.”
“Brian, I feel bad that you’ve been hurt so seriously, but I am so thankful for what you did!”
“Emily, I’m sure I will heal quickly; and I don’t want you to be upset about my injuries for I believe that God sent me to your home today to save Scott’s children.  Do you think I’m crazy for thinking that way?”
“No, I don’t.  In fact, Scott’s dad and I just had the same conversation.  By the way, why are you in the area?  Are you on leave?”
“No, I had a job interview in Asheville this morning,” Brian replied.
“Whatever for?” Emily asked.  “I thought you were a career man who wouldn’t leave the Marines until you retired.”
“I used to be; but after I met Scott, he made me realize that I was missing out on a lot in life.  Being an orphan, I didn’t understand how wonderful it was to be part of an extended family until Scott shared so many things about his own with me.  Moreover, after Scott was killed, I began to worry so much about losing one of my men that I realized I was actually putting their lives in jeopardy.  It was time for me to get out, so I’m looking for a job in the civilian world.”
“From what Scott had told me, the Marines have lost a valuable man; I hope everything works out for you, Brian,” Emily replied.  “I must leave now, the nurse told me I could only visit with you a few minutes as you need to rest.  The kids and I are staying with Scott’s parents for a few days so I’ll be back to visit with you again soon.”
“Our churches here in North Carolina, and my brother’s church in California, are praying for you to have a quick recovery.  Sleep well,” she added as she slipped out the door and headed back to John’s and Rebecca’s.
* * * * *
At ten the next morning, John left the main bank – which he and Rebecca owned and where he served as CEO – and drove over to the hospital to meet Brian.  Walking into the room, he wasn’t surprised when he looked at the young man for the first time that he felt like he had known him all his life.
He knew from photos of the two standing together that Brian was about the same height as Scott – with the same build – but Scott’s hair had been dark while Brian’s was a reddish blond.
“Brian, Scott mentioned you in almost every letter he wrote home from the front.  He was very fond of you and I could tell from your letters to us that the feeling was mutual.  You look just like I thought you would; although I never expected to meet you covered in bandages.  How are you feeling?”
“I’m a little stiff this morning, sir, but glad to be alive.  It’s good to finally met you, Mr. Pearson.  I want to apologize for not coming to visit you when I first got back to the States; I just didn’t know what to say that wouldn’t add to your pain.”
“Don’t worry about it, Brian…and please…call me John.  Handling the subject of death with someone’s family is even difficult for us older people even though we’ve had years of experience.  I wish I could tell you it will get easier as you age, but it doesn’t,” John shared.
“Besides, I’m thankful that you decided to stop and meet Scott’s family when you did.  I believe that God was in control of your timing, young man.  You saved our grandchildren’s lives and Rebecca and I will be eternally grateful for that.”
“Emily was telling us that you’re going to have a long recovery.  My wife and I want you to come and stay at our home with us,” John informed Brian.  “Rebecca will drive you to physical therapy and make sure you get enough to eat.  Since you knew Scott, you know that when the Pearson’s get something in their minds, they won’t take ‘no’ for an answer.  What do you say?”
* * * * *
The next morning Emily took the kids shopping for some new winter jackets.  North Carolina could have some very cold days and she wanted to be ready.
Rebecca headed to the hospital to meet Brian and reinforce her husband’s invitation that he would be welcome to stay with them as he recuperated.
When Emily and the kids returned from their shopping trip, they were astonished to find Brian reclining on the couch in the family room.  “Brian, how did you get out of the hospital so soon?” Emily asked.
“It seems they don’t want sick people hanging around hospitals anymore,” he laughed.  “If it hadn’t been for John’s and Rebecca’s insistence that I come here, I don’t know what I would have done.  I certainly don’t feel like being on my own yet.”
She was thankful that John and Rebecca were caring for Brian while he recovered; it helped with her feeling of guilt since she felt indirectly responsible for his injuries.
The next two days quickly passed.  Steven and Jessica warmed to Brian immediately and he patiently played with them – as best he could without adding to the pain of his injuries.
He told Steven stories about Scott and described how the room they shared overseas had been covered with his and Jessica’s artwork.  He asked the little boy about the play he had been in at his preschool – he and Scott had watched the video of the play on the small television in their quarters many times – and he listened attentively as Steven proudly repeated the lines he still remembered.
“Did you see my daddy die?” Steven asked his new friend.
Brian felt physically ill, wondering how he should handle the inevitable question.
“No, Steven, I didn’t arrive until a few seconds after your father died.  His men told me that he saved their lives; your daddy was a brave man.  He loved you very much and he wanted to come home to you but I guess that God just needed him up in Heaven,” Brian said, with a lump in his throat.
Emily heard Brian’s answer from the kitchen and was thankful for his tactful response.  She didn’t think Steven was ready to hear the details of his father’s death; she planned to share the information with him when he was older.
She was amazed at how much Brian knew about their lives as she visited with him and listened to him talk with Scott’s parents and Steven.  His knowledge allowed him to fit right in, and it felt like he had always been a part of their family.
Although she wasn’t aware of it, Brian also felt like he had known her, the kids, and Scott’s parents forever due to Scott’s in-depth sharing of the details of his life with him.  In fact, when the bear had charged and he saw Emily fall on the ground with Jessica, he had suddenly realized he already had deep feelings for her and the children.
Since that moment, he had been praying that God would lead him to know what to do about his feelings.  Should he go far away and never see them again?  What would be the honorable thing to do?  He didn’t want to tarnish the memory of the close friendship he had shared with Scott and he felt he had no right to be feeling the way he did about Scott’s wife and children – but he knew without a doubt that he loved them with all his heart.
When Emily was ready to put the bear attack behind her, she packed up her little family, and saying goodbye to Scott’s parents and Brian, she headed back to the little valley and the home that Scott had loved so dearly.
On the way through Black Mountain, she stopped at the vet’s and the kids were ecstatic as they placed Puller in the back seat between them.  Puller was overjoyed to be reunited with his family and delivered sloppy dog kisses all over the kids’ faces, making them squeal with unrestrained excitement the entire way home.
That night, after she put the children to bed, she went to her room to read her Bible and pray.
“Heavenly Father, I praise your name for delivering my children from a terrible death by sending us help when we needed it.”
“Now I need your strength to overcome my fear of allowing my children outside to play again; and I desperately need your help in letting go of my grief; I know it’s time, but I miss Scott so much.”
“And…God…I am so grateful that whenever I need you, you are right there beside me.”
“Give me the wisdom to face each new day enjoying the wonderful memories I have of Scott instead of feeling sorrow that we’ll have no more tomorrows together.  He was a gift from you, and I am thankful for every moment you gave us.”
“I don’t want Steven to ever think of me as being ‘sad’ again.  I have so much to be joyful about, especially your answer to our prayers that led to Scott’s salvation experience.”
“I must now focus on being the mother that I promised Scott I would be to our children; I need to start working on the list we made together…‘Things to Do If I Don’t Return’.”
“When I fail, and fall back into my selfish pity, please pick me up again and set me on the path that will bring glory to your name.  Amen.”
The next day after church, she and the children went to William and Melinda’s for lunch.  Emily needed the comfort of visiting with her close friend and the children wanted to romp with their playmates, Taylor and Jeffrey.
* * * * *
The family decided that the Thanksgiving meal would be held at Black Mountain.  Emily felt closer to Scott there than at any other place in her small world; she wanted to face the first holiday without her husband in his boyhood home, surrounded by the people who had loved him so dearly.
Both sets of parents were coming, and her brother David would be traveling down from Washington D.C.  He didn’t have to return to work until the second week of January and he was going to be spending most of that time with her and the kids.
He needed to use up a large amount of the vacation time he had accumulated at his job at the Pentagon; time he had been saving for his honeymoon.  Since he and his fiancée had broken off their engagement, there would be no honeymoon trip in his future.
Brian was still recuperating at Scott’s parents, and he would be coming to dinner with them.
Once everyone arrived, Steven, with Jessica following close behind, took their guest out to the play area to show them the location where the bear cub had become tangled in the old fence; a new taller and stronger fence now stood guard.  It might not keep a determined three-hundred-pound bear out forever, but it would certainly slow it down and allow Emily enough time to get her children to safety.  The fence had a tight weave that would make it impossible for any AWOL cub to get its paw caught.
Brian’s heroic effort in saving the children was greatly appreciated.  The entire family expressed their gratitude with slaps on the back, handshakes, and hugs.  Brian made certain that Puller got his share of the praise; without the dog’s help, he would have been unable to save Steven’s life.
David and Brian immediately found they had so much in common that they made plans to spend time together during the next few weeks.
With dinner on the table and the delicious aroma of food tempting the hungry family, John requested that everyone hold hands as they surrounded the dining room table for the Thanksgiving blessing.
“Precious Holy Heavenly Father, we thank you for the bountiful supply of food that has been prepared for us today.”
“We thank you for all the blessings that we have enjoyed in the past year, for the wonderful memories we have of Scott and for his salvation.  Help us to not sorrow excessively as we know he is with you in Heaven.”
“We thank you for sending Brian to this home at the exact instant he was needed to save Steven and Jessica.  Your love knows no ending.”
“Be with our family members who can’t be with us today.”
“We pray in the name of Jesus, Amen.”

CHAPTER  2

Emily was exhausted by the time everyone left.  She was glad that David was staying over and she was grateful when he pitched in and helped her tuck Jessica and Steven in for the night.  Steven insisted that his uncle read him a bedtime story; when David finished he came down stairs to share a cup of decaf with Emily.
“Sis, since it’s supposed to be warm tomorrow, I suggested to Brian that it might be fun to take you and the kids to the park in the morning.  Because of the holiday, he won’t be having any physical therapy and I think it would be good for him to have an outing.  Is that alright with you?”
“I think it’s a wonderful idea!  I’ll pack a large picnic lunch from all the leftovers.  I really feel like I’ve neglected the man since the bear incident.  I’ve been so busy getting ready for the big meal today…I’m lucky he has had Rebecca and John to look out for him.”
“I can tell they are really hurting from Scott’s death, but I have the feeling that it hasn’t been a hardship for them to care for Brian,” David remarked.  “In fact, I think it has helped them with their grief.” 
“I hope so.  I know they’re suffering although they try to hide it from me.  I had thought I had been successful in hiding my own grief, but the other day Steven made a remark about me being sad.”
“I still ache with the pain of losing Scott.  At unexpected times, I will suddenly miss him so badly that it’s hard to breathe.  Will you pray for me to have the strength to let go of my grief and be the mother Scott expected me to be?”
“Emily, I’ve been praying for you every day since I heard Scott had been killed and I’ll continue to do so,” David told her as he reached across the table and squeezed her hand.  “By the way, I’ve never had the opportunity to tell you how grateful I am for your willingness to share your salvation experience with James.  I would still be lost in my sins if you hadn’t.  I used to think Christians were so silly to talk about being ‘saved’, but I found out that once the Holy Spirit moves in your life, God becomes real to you… it’s personal.”
“I’m so thankful that you and Scott have found what I did,” Emily stated.  “The letter that Scott wrote to me sharing his experience about the moment he asked for God’s forgiveness helps to make my grief bearable.”
“David, I think I’ll go to bed.  I’ll see you in the morning.”  Emily kissed her brother on the cheek and headed for the stairs.  “It’s really good to have you here with us.  Your presence will help Steven make it through Christmas without his dad.”
By nine the next morning they had picked up Brian, and with much anticipation they headed for DuPont State Park, a place filled with God’s beautiful handiwork.  Emily and Scott had loved to walk on the many paths weaving by the incredible waterfalls; each step was filled with incredibly sweet memories for her.
The children laughed and played with Brian and David.  They adored all the attention they were getting.  As hard as Emily tried, it was impossible not to wish that Scott was here playing with his children, instead of his best friend and her brother.
Everyone went to bed tired that evening, but not everyone went to sleep.
* * * * *
Brian tossed and turned.  His right shoulder and left arm ached from the exertion of playing with the kids; but the pain wasn’t what kept him from sleeping.
“How unfair it was for me to have such a wonderful day with Emily and the kids when Scott is lying cold in his grave.  Lord, what am I going to do?  I’ve got to get away from here as soon as possible; I might not be able to keep my feelings hidden much longer.  I love them like they belong to me, but I’ve always been just an outsider looking in; and that’s all I’ll ever be.  I don’t deserve them and how could I ever hold Emily in my arms and make love to her like I long to do.  Scott would always be right there between us.”
“Dear God, help me find a way to deal with these feelings.”
The next morning Brian realized what he needed to do and went to find John to share his decision.
“John, I have decided to take a job in Haiti; I was there immediately following the earthquake in 2010.  Since I had a degree in civil engineering and special training in disaster relief, the Marines sent me down to help open up the seaport at Port-au-Prince, and to advise on the safety of structures where rescues were underway.  I went down on the USS Carl Vinson, a super carrier.  By going at the maximum speed possible, we were able to arrive and start our rescue efforts five days after the quake.  I was there for eight months before I deployed to the Middle East,” Brian explained.
“The country is still in a mess,” he continued.  “Gerald Miner, a good friend of mine, and a former Marine, is the Infrastructure Project Manager for SamariWorldCare.  They are a Christian organization working to rebuild roads and hospitals and they’re trying to build permanent housing for thousands of Haitian citizens who are still living in temporary displacement camps.  I will be his Infrastructure Coordinator.”
“Because of my past experience in Haiti and the fact that I speak French and have a workable knowledge of Creole – which is spoken by most Haitians – he feels that I will be able to give him some much needed support.”
“Brian, I never dreamed Haiti was still struggling.  I heard a news report the other day that their rice crop was expected to be good this year and that’s about the extent of what I know about the country.  When do you have to leave?” John inquired.
“I need to be there in early January.  I think the doctor will release me by the end of December.  That should give me plenty of time to get all the shots that are required to enter the country and put together the supplies I need to take with me.”
“Rebecca and I were hoping that you would take the job you were offered in Asheville,” John told the young man.  “It has been wonderful having you here with us these past few weeks and we selfishly wanted you to stay in the area.  I hope you will continue to stay with us until you leave.  Is there anything in particular we can do to help you prepare for the move?”
“As a matter of fact, there is,” Brian said.  “Since I have no family, I was wondering if I could list you and Rebecca as my contacts on my employment papers.”
“Certainly, Brian, and besides our home and cells, be sure to write down my work number,” John told him.
“Good idea, I will,” Brian said.  “I would also like to open an account at your bank and hire you to pay all my bills and handle my finances.”
“A few weeks before I left the Marines, I was notified by a law firm in Iowa that my father had a brother who had been looking for me for years,” Brian explained.  “He died just months before the law firm’s investigator located me; apparently I was his only heir.  He left me financially independent, but I would much rather have had the opportunity to have known him.  I have yet to find anyone to manage the account and I know I can trust you to be conservative with my assets.”
“I’m honored that you have so much confidence in me, young man; I will handle your money as carefully as I handle my own,” John assured him.  “There’s a lot of paperwork you will need to fill out.  One thing I will definitely need from you is a ‘Power of Attorney for Finance’ so I can write checks for you and buy and sell assets as needed.”
“Sure, let me know when you have the paperwork ready for my signature.  I have a statement of my account in my room and I would like to leave it with you to look over today in case you have any questions or suggestions,” Brian stated.
 “Once I look over your statement, I’ll need you to sit down with me for a couple of hours so I will know what your goals are,” John told him.  “Is there anything else you need help with?”
“Actually, I was also hoping that you and Rebecca would be willing to be listed on my ‘Power of Attorney for Healthcare’,” Brian stated.  “SamariWorldCare requires that I have someone who can make medical decisions in the event that I should be critically injured.  I hate to put such a responsibility on the two of you, but I don’t have anyone else I can turn to.”
“Consider it done,” John said.  “Just be sure you stay well, we just found you, and neither Rebecca nor I want to lose you like we lost Scott.”
* * * * *
The night following the outing to the park, David gave up trying to sleep and crept quietly down the stairs.  Playing with Jessica and Steven had torn fresh the gaping wound in his heart.  He sat down in the dark living room and gazed out the large picture window up into the night sky.
“O God, why did you let her kill our baby?  I never got to hold my child in my arms.  Why, God…why?”
Tears ran down David’s face as he broke down and cried like he hadn’t allowed himself to do since he had received the terrible news.  He was crying so hard that he didn’t hear Emily come into the room and was startled when he felt her place her arms around him.
“David, I’ve known there was something wrong since you first arrived.  Are you upset about Teresa breaking off the engagement?” Emily asked.
“Oh, Emily, I’m so ashamed that you found me…a grown man…crying.  It’s much bigger than a broken engagement; but you have so much grief to endure; I certainly don’t want to burden you with my problems.”
“David, don’t be ashamed of being caught crying.  Scott was the bravest man I’ve ever known, but he cried like a baby when we discussed the possibility that he might not be here to see his children grow up.  I wouldn’t want to know a man who didn’t have deep enough feelings to cry occasionally.”
“Why don’t you tell me what’s bothering you; I’m sure it will make you feel better,” Emily encouraged.  “I know that talking about Scott with the people who loved him…and who care about me…has helped me to handle my grief.”
“Emily, how peculiar that you would mention that Scott cried at the thought that he might not see his children grow up; my tears are for a similar reason,” he stated.
“I’ll tell you what’s wrong, but you may be sorry I shared my story with you,” David sighed, and then sat quietly trying to decide where to start.  Emily waited silently, not wanting to rush her brother.
“Before I was convicted of my sins, my life was a mess,” David shared.  “A few weeks after I started dating Teresa, she invited me to move in with her and I jumped at the chance.  I wasn’t in love with her at the time; I just wanted to be there for the great sex we enjoyed.”
“Before I moved in, we had always partied and drank socially on weekends.  But soon we were going out almost every night and Teresa’s drinking got out of control to the point that most nights I had to practically carry her into our apartment.”
“It was becoming a real problem for us to fulfill our duties at work,” David continued.  “Our alcohol use was bad enough, but one day I came home earlier than Teresa expected and I found her snorting cocaine.  She promised me she wouldn’t do it again, but I saw signs to indicate she not only hadn’t stopped, but her drug use had increased.  By that time, I was in love with her so I just pretended I didn’t know.”
“When I received Christ I realized I needed to make some serious changes in my life; I wasn’t living the way I had been taught as a child or the way God’s Word instructs.  My desires changed overnight; I no longer wanted to spend empty hours with people so miserable they had to drown their problems in booze and drugs.  And once I had a personal relationship with Jesus, I wanted to share my new found joy with Teresa.”
“One Sunday morning I took her to church; she didn’t realize where we were going and was furious when she realized I expected her to worship with me.  She made fun of the service and the sermon.  When we got back home, she told me that if I didn’t start taking her to parties again, she wanted me out of the apartment.  She said I had become a bore and she didn’t want to be around someone who was so weak-minded that they would believe the hogwash that there was a god.”
“I moved out that day…Teresa threw the engagement ring at me as I left, and I thought I would never hear from her again.  A few days later, I received a call from her and she was hysterical.  She was screaming that she was pregnant and she said she didn’t want any of my brats.”
“I was on my way to the airport when she called; I had to fly to our embassy in Germany for ten days.  I told her that I would come over as soon as I got back and we would talk.  I thought she had calmed down because she agreed to go out to dinner with me on my return.”
“The whole time I was in Germany, I kept thinking about how wonderful it was going to be to have a child.  I knew that with God’s help, I could be a good husband and father; and I was sure that once Teresa had time to consider the joys of being a mother, she would want to change her lifestyle.”
“When I arrived back in the States, I made a quick stop at the florist and then hurried to her apartment.  I was surprised to find she wasn’t alone; her new boyfriend had already moved in.  She informed me that I didn’t have to worry about the kid…she had gotten rid of it!”
“I was shocked and just stood there for a few seconds before I shouted, ‘How could you kill our baby?’  Her boyfriend menacingly told me to leave and never come back; he shoved me out the door, tossing the flowers after me.  As the door slammed shut, I glanced back and saw Teresa collapsed on the couch, laughing uncontrollably at my reaction,” David said, as he started to cry once again.
“Oh, David, I’m so sorry for your loss!”  Emily said, hugging her brother close.  “You and Teresa broke up over nine months ago; have you been keeping all this grief bottled up inside you all this time, or have you spoke with your pastor?” she asked with compassion.
“You’re the first person I’ve told; I’ve been too ashamed to tell anyone what happened.  I keep wondering why God would punish me through my precious baby.  I would gladly have given my life in exchange.  I’ll never forgive Teresa for what she has done.”
“But, David, you have to forgive her; Jesus died for your sins and for hers.  Because of God’s grace, you’ve been forgiven and you can do no less,” Emily said.  “In fact, Jesus said that if we don’t forgive those who sin against us, the Heavenly Father won’t forgive us of our sins.  Read Matthew 6:15 when you go back to your room, then tell me what you think about forgiving Teresa.”
“I remember that verse, sis, I guess I’ve just been blocking it from my mind because I didn’t want to forgive her,” David said miserably.
”David, abortion is legal and it’s considered a simple medical procedure.  Teresa doesn’t think she has done anything wrong; and even though abortion is against what the Bible teaches, it’s not up to us to judge her,” Emily said.  “I believe that our society is just as guilty for your baby’s death as Teresa.  We’ve become so politically correct that we no longer stand up for unborn babies.”
“If we truly believe that life begins at conception – which I now do – then I and millions of other women have aborted our unborn babies by using birth control pills, preventing the tiny life from attaching to its mother’s womb.  I praise God that He is willing to forgive me!”
“Do you remember when Jesus told the mob that the person without sin should throw the first stone to kill the woman caught in adultery?” Emily asked.
“Yes, I remember, and I’m afraid I’ve been willing to throw mental rocks and hatred at Teresa when I’m just as guilty as she is.  If I hadn’t been enjoying sex outside of marriage, she wouldn’t have become pregnant with my baby.  My sin helped to kill our child.”
“You also need to forgive yourself,” Emily told her brother.  “And have you stopped to realize that God may not have allowed your baby to die because of anyone’s sins.  Think about it, since Teresa was doing drugs, your poor innocent child’s mind and body might have been severely damaged?  God may have taken your baby to Heaven so it wouldn’t have to suffer greatly here on earth.”
“You do realize that you will hold your child one day in glory, don’t you?” Emily asked.  “King David was a man that God loved dearly.  He sinned many times, but God still loved him and forgave him.  When his baby boy died, God promised him he would be reunited with his son in Heaven.”
“Cling to the fact that God always keeps his promises; therefore, you will be with your child one day.  You now need to look forward to other children God may send into your life,” Emily advised.
“Emily, I’ve been so wrapped up in my grief and guilt that I never once thought about being able to see my precious baby someday.”  Leaning forward on the couch, David held his hands over his face with his arms resting on his knees as his shoulders shook with silent sobs.
After he got his emotions under control and wiped the tears from his face, David remarked, “I feel so much better; I’m glad we talked.  How could I have failed to realize that my baby is in Heaven with God?  Because of what Jesus did on the cross for me, I can look forward to holding my child in my arms, just as surely as I hugged Jessica and Steven today.”
“Yes, and because I’m now a Child of God,” Emily said, “I have asked Him to forgive me for any babies he wanted to send my way that I selfishly refused life.  I know I will hold those babies in Heaven when God calls me home, just like Scott is already doing.”
“David, let’s you and I start asking God to persuade our leaders that taking the lives of unborn babies is wrong and to convince Teresa of His love, for He loves her dearly.”
“We all sin every day; we’re blessed to have a God who is willing to forgive us for any sin we commit, if we will only ask.  A verse that comes to my mind is Jeremiah 31:34.  In it, God tells us that He will forgive our immorality and will remember our sins no more,” Emily reminded her brother.
The brother and sister bowed their heads and prayed together for God’s comfort in their sorrows and for the Holy Spirit to work in Teresa’s life.
David turned the corner on his grief and was on his way to a brighter tomorrow.
* * * * *
The weeks between Thanksgiving and Christmas were a whirlwind of activity.  David made sure to keep Emily busy so she wouldn’t have time on her hands to mourn and always insisted that Brian come along to help him with the kids.
They all went shopping, wrapped presents, baked cookies, and helped Steven rehearse his small part in the church Christmas play.  They drove to the base to visit with Samuel and Helen; they were delighted to watch their grandkids as David and Brian accompanied Emily to the veteran’s hospital where she handed out Christmas gifts to the injured soldiers.
Brian had never had so much fun preparing for Christmas.  He enjoyed romping with Steven and Jessica and his friendship with David became stronger every day; however, dealing with his feelings of love for Emily was becoming more difficult.
One afternoon after the kids were down for their nap, the three friends sat at the kitchen table enjoying a cup of hot chocolate.  “I never did visit Scott’s grave,” Brian stated.  “I was planning to go there on the first day I came back, but after the bear attack, I never made it.”
“David, would you mind driving me by the cemetery when you take me home,” Brian asked.  The doctors hadn’t yet released Brian to drive and David had been more than happy to chauffeur him around.
“I have wanted to go to Scott’s grave myself,” Emily remarked.  “Things have been so busy that I’ve not been to visit for a couple of weeks.  Brian, if David will stay with the kids, would you ride along with me right now?”
“I’ll be glad to look out for the kids…and don’t hurry,” David remarked with enthusiasm.  “John and Rebecca won’t be home until late, so I’ve plenty of time to get him back before ‘lights out’,” David laughed.  “In fact, the kids should be up by the time you get home.  Let’s all go out for pizza!”
As Emily drove, Brian fretted about being at Scott’s grave with his widow.  He and Scott had been such close friends that he was afraid he would break down in front of Emily.
Emily parked the car and came around to hold the door for Brian; he still had difficulty maneuvering in and out of a vehicle.  Once they were walking on the level path, she tucked her hand in the crook of his right arm and told him the details of Scott’s graveside service.
On the front of Scott’s beautiful granite headstone, along with his date of birth and death, these words were carved:
In loving memory of 1st Lieutenant Scott Pearson
A wonderful son, husband, and father
A Child of the King, he now waits for those he loves in Heaven
On the back of the stone was engraved:
1st Lieutenant Scott Pearson
A brave soldier who unselfishly
gave his life in battle to save his men
May we never forget the price of freedom
A small American flag fluttering in the breeze in front of the elegant marker was the only decoration.
Brian was suddenly overwhelmed with memories of Scott and found himself reliving the terrible event.  He was again kneeling beside Scott’s torn body just moments after he had died.  He could smell the blood and the explosive powder residue as he watched the soldiers lovingly place what was left of Scott’s earthly form in a body bag to be sent back to lie here beneath the earth near his childhood home.
Brian had completely forgotten that Emily was standing beside him.  He was in a world of his own pain.  “God, why did you take Scott?” he cried aloud, as he knelt in front of the marker with both hands on the stone.  “Scott was needed here at home.  I didn’t have anyone, Lord.  Why didn’t you take me instead?”
“Brian, Scott would never have wanted you to die in his place.  He would be so glad to know that you’ve returned safe,” Emily told him as he wiped his tears with the back of his hand.  “All the wonderful memories we have of Scott will never die; and we can make sure he didn’t die in vain by always standing up for the freedoms that you both fought for.”
As Brian stood to his feet, Emily drew him into an embrace and they cried together.  After a few minutes, they turned to walk back to the car.
“Emily, I’ve enjoyed getting to know you, the kids, and Scott’s parents.  I wouldn’t trade these weeks for anything; I guess I have that mother bear to thank for this special time we’ve had together.  I’m almost healed now, and I’ll be leaving the first week of January.  I’ve taken a job in Haiti.”
“Haiti…Brian, that’s so far away!  The kids will miss you terribly; they have become so fond of you.”
“I’ll miss the kids, too, but I’ll continue to write to them.”
“I will be very upset if you don’t.  We’ll all look forward to your letters,” Emily said.  “I was hoping you would find a job close to us,” she shared, with deep sincerity and disappointment evident in her voice.
“Emily, I’ve prayed about what I should do, and I believe that the job in Haiti is an answer to those prayers.  It will allow me to get away by myself and decide what to do with the rest of my life.”
“Brian, goodbyes have become so hard for me,” she added as they reached the car.  “Do you mind if we just pretend that you’re not going anywhere until the day you leave?”
As they drove away from the cemetery, Emily realized that for the very first time she felt at peace leaving Scott’s grave; knowing that her precious husband wasn’t in the cold ground but in Heaven – alive and well.
She silently prayed.
“Thank you Heavenly Father for helping me let go of some of my grief; I know I can never honor Scott’s wishes until I do.  I praise You Lord for all the wonderful memories that will always be mine.”
Brian’s heart had skipped a beat when Emily said they would all look forward to his letters and that she had been hoping he’d find a job close to them.  He was probably reading too much into her remarks, but with her words, a little flicker of hope flared in his heart.  In the months to come, he would struggle to put out that small flame.
* * * * *
Emily had been notified in early October that Scott was to be awarded the Medal of Honor posthumously on the 21st of December.
“Emily, I’ve participated in such ceremonies over the years and I want you to be aware of what will take place,” her dad had informed her in his “General” tone of voice, which he had often used on her as a child.
“I respect your wishes to wait until Steven is older to tell him the details of how his dad died, but many of Scott’s rescues will be mentioned in detail at the White House including how he carried the small boy as he ran to get away from the detonation device.”
“If you don’t let Steven know what happened, he’ll miss out on attending this special ceremony.  It would be a wonderful honor for him to look back on.”
“Dad, I don’t want him to miss the ceremony either, and I certainly don’t want him to hear the details of Scott’s death from strangers.  Even though Steven misses his dad, he’s handling Scott’s death so well.  I’ll have a talk with him; if I explain things carefully, I think he will be proud of his dad and not dwell on the ugliness of his death.”
The next day Emily took her little son to the cemetery with her to visits his dad’s grave.  They sat on a nearby bench while Steven listened carefully to the details of Scott’s last heroic action, and when she finished, he remarked, “Gee, Daddy was really brave, Mommy, but I wish he could’ve run faster…then he could have saved that little boy and come home to me!”
“Oh, honey, I wish he could’ve run faster, too.  I know you miss him terribly; but he would be so proud of how brave you’re being,” Emily told Steven, as she held him tightly in her arms.  They finished their visit with Scott’s little boy placing flowers on his dad’s headstone.
When the big day arrived, Scott’s and her families, Brian, and numerous friends, gathered at the White House in Washington D.C. for the ceremony giving Scott the highest honor the United States of America ever bestows on one of its soldiers.
A large group of Marines who had served with Scott drove up from Camp Lejeune near Jacksonville, North Carolina, and every member of his squad whose lives he had saved during his last act of courage attended.  Those who could brought their wives and children with them to express their gratitude to Scott’s loved ones.
Captain John Davis, his wife Dana, and their two children were at the service.  John had flown the lead plane in the missing man formation over Scott’s graveside service in tribute to him for having saved his life.  His family had been at the graveside service and Scott’s family was pleased to see them again and finally be able to meet John.
Emily had requested that Scott’s Medal of Honor flag be presented to his parents.  As the touching ceremony drew to a close, John and Rebecca, with tears of both sadness and pride in their eyes, went forward to receive the honor.
Emily and her children were then escorted onto the platform to join Scott’s parents as the President, in the name of Congress, presented her with Scott’s medal.
“This medal is presented posthumously to 1st Lieutenant Scott Pearson for his conspicuous gallantry, when at certain risk of death, above and beyond the call of duty; he gave his life so his men might live.”
Emily’s brother James, a Marine Chaplain serving in California, came forward to give the closing prayer.  He repeated the Bible verse that had closed Scott’s graveside service:
“A man can have no greater love than this – that he lay down his life for his friends.”
John 15:13

CHAPTER 3
The January weather in Haiti felt great to Brian.  During the first few weeks after his arrival, the temperature hadn’t been higher than an enjoyable eighty-nine degrees and the temperature had dipped in the evenings to around sixty-eight.
Haiti was close enough to the equator that the country didn’t have winter; he had been told to expect the average high for the entire year to be around ninety-five.  After suffering the extreme heat of the Middle East in full combat gear, Brian felt Haiti’s highs would be easy to handle and was looking forward to his new job in the tropics.
Gerald had put him to work immediately, and he was soon covered with more responsibilities than any one person could hope to accomplish.  It became apparent that his title of “Infrastructure Coordinator” covered any possible situation that might occur.
The most pressing need the organization wanted to help solve was the horrific living conditions in Haiti since the earthquake.  After three years, hundreds of thousands still didn’t have access to the basic services needed for long-term survival and were still living in poorly constructed temporary camps which had been weakened since the earthquake by two hurricanes.
When Tropical Storm Isaac had struck in August of 2012, there were still 400,000 Haitians living in tents inadequate for the gale force winds.  Then, in late October of that year, Hurricane Sandy hit leaving large portions of Haiti under water and even more death in its wake.
Brian was disappointed to see how little had been accomplished since he had served as a Marine in Haiti following the 7.0 magnitude catastrophic earthquake, but he discovered it wasn’t from lack of funds or effort.  In fact, within five months of the quake, enough international aid had been raised that – if it could have been presented directly to the population – each displaced family would have received a sum in excess of thirty-seven thousand dollars, a small fortune to a person in Haiti.
Brian had always believed that throwing money at a problem rarely helps.  For example, so much food was sent to the country following the earthquake that the farmers couldn’t sell their crops when it was time to harvest; farming is one of the main sources of income in Haiti and, as a result, many farmers went broke.
Colette Martin, the young woman assigned to be his assistant, handled his paperwork and made sure she brought the most pressing needs quickly to his attention.
She was a twenty-six-year-old, five-foot-eight, slender French woman with long auburn hair.  Besides her native tongue of French, she spoke Spanish, English, and Creole fluently.
She had attended a Christian college in the United States where she had first learned of the tremendous needs of the Haitian people.  Upon receiving her Master’s degree in Business with an emphasis in Organizational Management, she excitedly accepted a two-year job working for SamariWorldCare.  She not only wanted to help the people of Haiti, but felt the experience would open doors for her in larger companies; aiding her in rapidly moving up the corporate ladder.
“Brian, do you realize that we’ve never worked less than sixty hours a week since you arrived?  How about taking next Saturday off and I’ll show you around Port-au-Prince?” Colette asked.
“It seems like we’ve been chauffeured around Port-au-Prince for too many hours already,” Brian stated.  “There’s more to Haiti than this dirty, crowded town.  When I was stationed here in 2010, I became acquainted with the DePaul family who live at Saint-Marc.  I think you would really enjoy meeting them.  Why don’t I make a call and see if they would be agreeable to the two of us spending the weekend at their home?”
“That sounds great!” Colette said.  “I’ll take care of making sure we can get security to provide us a car and driver to chauffeur us there and back.  If we need to take a guard with us, I’ll be glad to share the cost with you.”
“A guard won’t be necessary.  I have a permit to carry a gun while I’m here and Simon DePaul and his three sons are crack shots.  They live in a gated and guarded community in the mountains outside of the city; their home overlooks the Gulf of Genève.  In addition to the community security, their house is surrounded on three sides by a ten-foot concrete wall with barbed wire curled along the top.  The fence on the gulf side is just as tall but constructed of rod iron bars so it doesn’t block the view of the water, but its sharp pointed tops will keeps any bandits out.  They have servants who patrol the grounds twenty-four hours a day,” Brian explained.  “We should be safer there than in our compound here.”
Brian went to his tiny office and made the phone call to his friend.  “Simon, this is Brian Brooks.  I’m back in Haiti on a job, and I would love to drive to Saint-Marc with a friend of mine for a visit next weekend, if it’s convenient for you.”
The DePaul’s, owners of a large and successful shipping business at Saint-Marc, were always delighted to receive a call from Brian.
“It’s so good to hear your voice again, Brian.  We would love to have you come to the house, but since you’ve been gone from Haiti for such a long time, please allow me to make a few suggestions,” Simon stated.
“First, I would prefer that you not travel by car if you come to Saint-Marc.  If anything, the violence against outsiders has increased since you were last stationed here.  In fact, there were three kidnappings on the highway south of town last week.”
“Second, the boys and I were just saying over breakfast this morning that we would like to take the yacht out.  Instead of coming here, how would you like to go sailing?”
“It would be great to go sailing with you again,” Brian stated, eagerly.
“If it’s possible for you to extend your visit to six days,” Simon suggested, “it would give us time to sail over to one of the beautiful Caicos Islands for a short stay and drop you back off at Port-au-Prince Sunday evening.  We could pick you and your friend up Tuesday morning at seven in the harbor at Port-au-Prince.  What do you think?” Simon asked.
“Six days sounds wonderful and I’m sure that it will be fine with Colette,” Brian said.  “I’ve been working her such long hours since I arrived that we’ve accrued some extra time off.  We’ll be waiting for you Tuesday morning on the main dock.  I’m really looking forward to seeing you and your family again,” Brian added before hanging up the phone and going to tell Colette about the change in plans.
* * * * *
Emily and the children gathered around their kitchen table as she helped the children make valentines for their grandparents and uncles.
“Mommy, help me make a valentine for Brian,” Steven requested.  “He doesn’t have any little kids like Jessica and me to make him one, so I think I’d better send him a valentine so he knows somebody loves him.  Do you think he’d like that?” Steven asked his mother, hopefully.
“Yes, I think he would like that very much.  Brian was always talking about how much he enjoyed the artwork you sent your dad.  Maybe you could color a picture for him, too.  He would probably hang it on his wall the way your daddy did with your colorings when they were roommates.”
“Mommy, do you think we could bake him some cookies?  I really miss fixing the boxes we sent to daddy.  I wish he wasn’t dead,” Steven said with a tear running down his cheek.
“Oh, Steven, I know how much you miss your daddy.  He loved you so much.  Let’s make a valentine for him and put it up on the refrigerator,” Emily told her little boy, as she kissed the tear from his cheek and gave him a hug.
“We’ll make some cookies for Brian tomorrow and then all three of us will go to the post office and mail it.  It’s a couple of weeks before Valentine’s Day, so there will be plenty of time for the package to reach him.”
That night after Emily put the children to bed; she sat down and wrote a letter to Brian to enclose in the package with the cookies.
Dear Brian,
I hope that everything is going well with your new job and that you’re enjoying it as much as you thought you would.
When we were decorating valentines for the kid’s grandparents, Steven asked to make one for you.  He also asked if we could bake you some cookies as he misses sending packages to his daddy.  I hope you like chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin.  You probably remember, it was what we always sent Scott – they were his favorite.
John and Rebecca are doing well.  They talk about you a lot, so I know that they miss having you with them.  As much as I hate that the bear injured you, it was a blessing for all of us who loved Scott so much.  You helped us with our loss.
When they were here the other day, we looked up Haiti on the internet to show the kids where you were.  I’m afraid there were very few of the pictures or information we could share with them.  We didn’t realize how dangerous your job would be or how horrible the conditions were there.  We have placed you on our personal prayer list and on our prayer chains at both of our churches; we pray for your safety daily.  Please be careful.
Your friend,
Emily
P.S.  Steven will want to send you more packages, so let us know if there is something special we can send you that you can’t get in Haiti.
When Emily sealed the letter, she felt a strange emotion of warmth for Brian.  It was good to have friends, and she was thankful for the close friendship Brian had developed with her children and Scott’s parents.
* * * * *
When Brian asked Colette if the change in plans were agreeable with her, she enthusiastically gave her approval.  She had sailed a small catamaran on the lake where she grew up, and she missed the feelings of flight and escape it gave her.  The extra days would provide her and Brian enough time to relax.  After the depressing sites they had been working in the last few weeks, they certainly needed to refresh their spirits.
On Tuesday morning, Colette was surprised to be picked up by a large motorized Zodiac inflatable raft to tender them to the sailing vessel, but she supposed the DePaul’s must have decided to hire a water taxi to expedite their guests’ way through the crowded and chaotic harbor.
“Good management planning,” she thought.  “We’ll make much better time this way.”  Her mouth almost fell open as Brian helped her aboard the 138-foot sailing yacht, “Jacqueline”, sitting outside the main harbor in deep water; no wonder they hadn’t sailed to the dock to pick them up!
Simon had purchased the yacht for his wife’s fortieth birthday twenty-two years earlier and had named it after her.  The “Jacqueline” was beautiful.  The ship’s hull was painted shiny ebony and her lines were well designed; over the years, she had constantly been updated with the latest in technology.  When they came aboard, the crew and Simon's sons shouted greetings to Brian as the black sails unfurled and turned to catch the wind.  Colette realized that the ship was large enough to cross the oceans; it was exciting to be on such a massive sailing vessel.
The First Mate, who ferried them to the yacht, helped to secure the raised raft to the deck and then hurried forward to the wheelhouse.  Another crewmember picked up their bags and disappeared down the ship’s ladder – which the particularly steep steps of sailing vessels are called – to the cabins below.
Simon and Jacqueline came out of the main salon and hurried to greet their guests.  “Bonjou, Brian, it is so good to see you again.  I swear that you are even more handsome than when I kissed you goodbye,” Jacqueline remarked as she gave him a hug and kiss on his cheek.  “Simon and I were just remarking that it has been almost three years since we saw you last.  How has our favorite Marine been?”
“I’ve been fine, but I’m no longer a Marine.  I’ve been working as a civil engineer for SamariWorldCare here in Haiti since the seventh of January.  We’re constructing new housing for the thousands who are still living in tents,” Brian told his hostess.  Then turning to the woman at his side, he said, “I would like you to meet Colette Martin, she is my administrative assistant.  Like you, Jacqueline, her native land is France.”
All the DePaul’s held dual citizenship – both French and Haitian – as each male of the family had always married a woman from France.  It was a tradition that had resulted in great benefits to the family.
“Welcome aboard,” both Simon and Jacqueline told the young lady, each grasping one of her hands.
“Come into the salon and meet our daughter, Nathalie,” Simon invited.  “I believe the two of you are about the same age.”
Nathalie turned out to be only a few months older, and Colette sensed a kindred spirit in the young woman.  She had a strong feeling that they were destined to become close friends.
“Colette, you will be bunking in with me,” Nathalie informed her.  “Come on down and I’ll help you unpack and then I’ll show you around the yacht.”  Together they descended to the guest cabins below the main salon but still above the waterline.
While they were with Brian, everyone had spoken in English even though he spoke their language well.  As soon as the girls were alone, they switched to their native tongue and Colette felt the miles separating her from her homeland evaporate.
Nathalie’s suite was gorgeous.  Wide, waving lines of blue accented the glossy white walls.  There was both a queen and a single bed in the room and they had their own small ‘head’ complete with a shower and makeup area.  When she had everything unpacked and hanging in the surprisingly generous closet, Nathalie showed her the other guest cabins.
Colette had thought that Natalie’s room was beautiful, but two of the other bedrooms literally astounded her.  Like Nathalie’s room, they had large windows to the outside, but the two great suites were much bigger and more elegant.  Simon’s and Jacqueline’s suite even had a large aquarium of bright tropical fish extending from the top of the king-size headboard and climbing almost to the ceiling.  It stretched the entire length of the wall and was stunning, but not as large as the aquarium she had observed in the main salon.
Nathalie’s two older brothers were sharing the other great suite and her younger brother and Brian would share a cabin that, except for the color scheme, was a carbon copy to Nathalie’s.
They went to the deck below the guest cabins and met the chef in his gleaming galley.  They peeked into the engine room to glimpse its large diesel engine, which provided the auxiliary power for the ship when there was no wind.  Nathalie pointed out the doors to the crew’s cabins.
Ascending back to the level of their cabins, Nathalie stopped before the door closest to the ladder leading topside.  “This room is always kept locked when we’re in a populated port.  It’s the weapons room.  Let me show you where things are in case we need to protect ourselves in a hurry.  I also want to show you where we hide the key.”
Colette was astonished at what she saw.  The room held an impressive display of knives, pistols, rifles, shotguns, and grenade launchers.
“Do you know how to shoot a gun?” Nathalie asked.
“Yes, I do,” Colette replied.  “My father and brothers were avid hunters and taught me to handle a gun at a young age.  When they found out I had accepted a job in Haiti, they made me practice until I could load, shoot, and reload as fast as they can.”
“When I was young, they insisted that I take classes in self-defense and I have kept up my skills.  Thankfully, we’re always accompanied by a guard when we’re working outside the compound, so I’m glad to say that I probably will never need to protect myself.”
“I hope you don’t have to,” Nathalie said.  “Like you, I have had many self-defense classes, and I’m a black belt.  My mom and I enjoy target shooting and know how to handle every weapon in this room.  We can’t be too careful with the pirates that sail these waters.”
“Luckily, they don’t expect private sailboats to have more than a few weapons, and from what we’ve learned, they’re not too well armed.  There’s no doubt that we can outgun them, but we don’t want to get in a battle, if we can avoid it.”
“We never fail to thank God for keeping us safe, but we believe God expects us to be prepared to fight, not just sit back and wait for Him to save the day.”
“Let’s go on deck and I’ll introduce you to my brothers,” Nathalie suggested as they exited the weapons room.  “We have an early brunch planned since we had breakfast at sunrise this morning before setting sail.  I’m starving and I sure hope you’re hungry, too.”
Colette had been charmed when she was introduced to each of the handsome brothers.  Alexandre, at thirty-one, was the oldest.  Henri was twenty-eight and Louis was twenty-six.  They were all very tall – at approximately six-foot-four – were solidly built, and wore their hair at shoulder length.  They looked so much alike, they could have been triplets.
Nathalie had their same dark coloring and easily stood five-foot-eleven barefooted; she was slender and gorgeous like her mother.
The entire family appeared as graceful as ballerinas as they skimmed over the yacht, the wind blowing their black, wavy hair behind them.
At first, Colette felt a little self-conscious at being around such excellent seamen, but she soon forgot herself in the excitement of sailing.  It didn’t take her long to get her sea legs back, but she had to chuckle as she watched Brian, who grabbed one handhold after another as he walked cautiously along the deck.
“It’s lucky the waves aren’t overly large today.  I’m worried that Brian might become seasick; I noticed that he didn’t eat much of his lunch.  It would be terrible if he becomes ill and we have to cut the trip short; he needs this little vacation a lot more than I do.”
Since Colette had started working with Brian, she had the feeling that something was bothering him.  She hoped he would work it out, as she felt physically drawn to him and wanted to get to know him better.  Although he was always kind, it seemed he had built a wall between them.  She hoped this trip would allow their relationship to become closer than that of a boss and his assistant.
Late that afternoon, they drew near an uninhabited island and entered a beautiful cove for the evening.  The crew anchored the ship facing out to open water in order to leave less of a visible outline for anyone searching for bounty and to be ready to sail away should danger approach.  Unfortunately, they wouldn’t be completely hidden during the night as it would be necessary to display their anchor light, a single white light with 360-degrees visibility located high in the rigging, to prevent other vessels from accidently ramming into them in the darkness.
“Alright, you know the drill,” Simon announced to his family and crew.  “I’ll ask our two guests to observe us and start the stopwatch.  We’ll pretend that our foe is coming at us from the open sea.  I’m allowing forty-five seconds for one of us to be on deck with a weapon and sixty seconds for the rest of us.”
Once Brian shouted “Commence!”, the participants sped into action.
Colette was fascinated with the precision of motion unfolding before her.  Two of the crewmembers who were already wearing side arms had concealed themselves behind obstacles at the bow, facing the threat, as they set off an ear piercing alarm.
In a short time, Alexandre, who was the first below, returned with a grenade launcher and ran to the bow of the ship, prepared to fire.  Henri and Louis were only seconds behind him and returned armed with high-powered rifles.  One went to each side at the stern to protect them from unseen enemies who might come at them from the shore.  Simon appeared with another grenade launcher as Jacqueline and Nathalie, with pistols strapped to their hips, carried extra ammo for Henri’s and Louis’s rifles.  The remaining two crewmembers carried the heavier ammo for the grenade launchers, which they placed in reach of the men and then rushed back down the ladder to retrieve more.
Colette was impressed at the hours of practice it must have taken in order for everyone to get in and out of the weapon’s room without stumbling over each other.  It was obvious the routine had been planned and perfected ahead of time so they would each know which person should go first, grab what, and leave first to reach their pre-assigned positions.
Once on the deck, everyone maintained a low profile and ran in a zigzagging line in order to be a harder target to hit.  There hadn’t been a wasted movement.  As the last person was in place, Simon yelled, “Avast!  How did we do, Brian?”
“You beat your required time,” Brian told him.  “Alexandre was up here in thirty-five seconds and Henri and Louis were only seconds behind him.  Everyone else was back up within forty-five seconds; that’s amazing!”
“Thank you, young man,” Simon replied.  “Our very lives may depend on our speed.  We’ll put our target practice off until tomorrow,” he announced.  “Now, which one of you boys is going to volunteer to help with guard duty while the rest of us take a swim?”
“I’ll stand guard first, Dad,” Louis said.  “I’ll take a dip after the rest of you are on board.”
While the cook headed back to the galley, Louis talked with the rest of the crew deciding which lookout position each one would take and who would have anchor watch to observe the drift of the ship and ensure that the cable stayed taut and as vertical as possible, to safeguard the ship from damage.
Everyone else returned their weapons to the weapon’s room and after hurriedly changing into their swimsuits, jumped into the sea.
The water was a shimmery turquoise blue and there was very little wave action in the protected cove.  Colette and Nathalie wore snorkels and were watching colorful schools of fish swimming beneath them.  Everyone else was swimming or treading water as they visited.  When Colette and Nathalie joined them, the group moved onto the beautiful white sand beach and Colette unexpectedly learned a lot about Brian’s history with the Marines and his connection to the DePaul family.
“Brian, will you tell us why you chose to leave the Marines, if it’s not too personal?” Jacqueline requested.  “When you were here before, you seemed so satisfied with your career choice.”
“I was, but things changed for me.  My best friend, Scott Pearson, was killed while saving the lives of his men.”
“He has a wonderful family that I came to know through the videos and letters he received from home; two young children and a lovely wife who, with God’s help, are bravely trying to cope with their loss.  His death also left his parents in incredible pain.”
“After the experience of watching what was left of Scott’s body being scooped into a body bag, I started worrying obsessively about the men under my command.  I anguished over how their families at home would suffer if they were killed in action.  My apprehension for their safety was becoming dangerous for my squad; when you’re under fire, you can’t second guess your own commands.”
“Scott and I studied the Bible together before his death and were convicted by the Holy Spirit of our need for salvation.  Just weeks before he was killed, we both accepted Christ.  From that point on, I’ve been praying and asking for God’s guidance in my own life.  I believe God opened my eyes to the fact that I had already given many years to serving my country and it was time for me to travel another path,” Brian explained.
“I also realized that if I was killed, I didn’t have a soul to mourn my death except for my friends in the service.  I started praying that God would give me a wife and children one day; and since I’m unwilling to put them through what Scott’s family has had to endure, I left the Marines.”
At Brian’s remark, Colette felt a surge of hope for her dream of a possible relationship with him.  Henri stole a glance in her direction and wondered if Brian had already picked his future wife.  He couldn’t help but notice Colette’s gaze of admiration directed toward Brian.
“Son, I’m proud to have you as a member of the ‘Family of God’,” Simon said.  “Now we’re more than just friends, we’re brothers in Christ.  I have to tell you that I believe God led you to be a Marine, not only to serve your country, but also to save Henri after the earthquake.  You will always be a special part of our family and we would certainly mourn if anything were to happen to you.”
“Colette, did Brian tell you how he saved my life?” Henri asked.
“No, he has never talked about himself,” Colette replied.  “I would love to hear what happened.”
“When the quake hit, I was with two of my friends at the Hotel Montana in Port-au-Prince,” Henri started his story.  “We were downstairs in a ballroom attending a conference on the shipping industry.  The city of Port-au-Prince was looking for ways to improve their seaport, and since my family has a successful shipping business at Saint-Marc, I had been invited to be a guest speaker.”
“The quake was so sudden and violent that we had no time to get out of the hotel.  The floors above us collapsed on themselves and trapped us beneath thousands of tons of debris and hundreds of bodies.  Thankfully, my friends and I were sitting under a steel support beam that kept us from being crushed to death, as more than 200 other guests were.  Miraculously, we were left with only broken bones and head injuries.”
“We were trapped in an area about eight by ten feet with a man and his wife.  It was pitch black and the air was full of dust, which made it difficult for us to breathe.  We could hear many voices screaming and begging for help,” Henri related, with a faraway look in his eyes.
Colette could tell he was reliving the experience.  “That must have been terrifying,” she commented.
“At first we thought help would be coming soon, but hours later and after many more terrifying aftershocks, we realized that the damage must be widespread and there might not be anyone who could come to our aid.”
“There were so many aftershocks that we lost count.  After we were rescued, we learned that there were eight large aftershocks in the first two hours following the main earthquake, and in just over an eight-hour period, there were thirty-two that were 4.2 magnitude or greater.  That’s a whole lot of shaking.”
“With each aftershock, we could hear the debris above us shift and the screams of other trapped and terrified people would increase.  It was heartbreaking and very frightening.  At any moment, we knew our little pocket might collapse.  We faced up to the fact that we probably weren’t going to leave the hotel alive; and for a time, we were in such a state of shock that we did nothing to help ourselves.”
“Then we started getting thirsty; luckily, a refreshment table had just been set up next to our location immediately before the quake hit.  Those of us who could move, felt along the floor until we found containers of tea, cans of soda and a large supply of bottled water.  There were cookies and donuts, small packages of snacks, and a large basket of apples.”
“Even though there was enough food and water to serve the eighty or more people who were attending the conference, we decided to carefully ration our supplies since we had no idea when rescuers would reach us…if they ever did.”
“After we estimated two or three days must have passed, we heard the sound of heavy equipment overhead.  We were so excited; we finally believed we were going to be rescued, but soon realized we were in even greater danger than before.  The equipment was drastically shifting the mountains of twisted wreckage from the floors above us and more debris was slipping downward, reducing our little area of refuge into an unstable mass.” 
“A couple of days later, the sound of equipment ceased and we knew they had called off the search for survivors.  At that point, we were devastated; I think each of us broke down and cried,” Henri shared.
“I felt particularly sorry for the woman.  She couldn’t stop crying and agonizing over the fate of her children, which she had left behind with her mother.  My friends and I were Christians and we did our best to witness to the couple, trying to give them hope.  During the coming days, we spent many hours in prayer.”
“You can imagine how uncomfortable and demoralizing it was for us with no bathroom in which to relieve ourselves.  Without air conditioning, the stench in our area had become overwhelming, especially after four or five days had passed.”
“After being trapped in a confined space with bodily injuries and unbearable conditions, the poor air quality along with the heat and humidity was taking a heavy toll on our little group.  In time, the smell of dead bodies and rotting food became so pungent that we no longer worried about the smell of our own waste.  By then, there was no screams for help – the silence seemed very loud.”
“As we lay in what was to be our tomb, we could hear rats scurrying over the debris.  It was terrifying when one would run over us in the dark.  However, with so many dead bodies to feed on, the vermin had little interest in bothering us.  Just in case they decided to look for another food source we decided we should divide our food amongst ourselves, with each of us being responsible for keeping the rats from eating the portion in our possession.”
At that point, Simon took over the story.  “Saint-Marc was not damaged as bad as Port-au-Prince which was only about sixteen miles northeast of the epicenter near Léogâne.”
“Phone service and all other means of communication had ceased to exist in the country.  The following morning, the ship that was waiting to bring Henri and his friends back to Saint-Marc returned to tell us that the Hotel Montana where he was speaking had collapsed.”
“We were frantic and took one of our smaller shipping vessels, loaded it with supplies from our warehouse, and sailed for Port-au-Prince.  Their port was always unorganized, but now it was in complete chaos.”
“We couldn’t find any officials to help us, so Alexandre, me, and four other men who work for us, proceeded to arm ourselves with weapons.  Donning backpacks full of water, food, and medical supplies; we started hiking to the site of the hotel.  Louis stayed behind with five other men to guard our ship.”
“There were dead bodies lying in the streets everywhere.  In some places they were stacked three and four deep.  The rescue workers we did see were tossing bodies around with no regard for dignity.  I know it couldn’t be helped, but I will never forget the sight of a small child flung by one leg out of the back of a truck onto a pile of corpses.”
“Every time an aftershock would hit, people would panic and push and shove each other down, and walk on the injured and dead to get away from the buildings.”
“At first we made little progress as we continually stopped to try and assist others.  Unfortunately, there were just too many people in need of help, and we soon realized that all of our water and medical supplies would be gone before we reached our own destination.  It took great effort to ignore the cries for aid, but we finally made it to the Hotel Montana only to find that no one was trying to search for survivors.”
“The city’s entire infrastructure which was necessary to respond to disasters was either destroyed or damaged so severely it could no longer operate,” Simon explained.  “We didn’t know where help could possibly come from and the entire situation appeared hopeless.”
“Right there, surrounded by death and destruction, we fell on our faces upon the debris of the Montana and prayed asking God to intervene and to do what was impossible for man; we asked for Henri to be saved.  We prayed with the conviction that God loves us and would watch over Henri and answer our prayers.  When we finished praying and stood with our faces toward the heavens, we all felt a sense of peace descend upon us.  From that moment on, we never again doubted that we would pull Henri and his friends alive from the debris of the hotel.”
“So many miraculous things happened as we managed to arrange for the first rescue mission attempt fourteen hours after we arrived.  Disappointingly, more of the building collapsed and halted the search efforts.  I wish I had time to tell you about that, but I’ll just cut to where we met Brian.”
“He had arrived on a U.S. ship five days after the quake.  On the sixth day, we found him in charge of searching some buildings near the harbor.  We told him the rescue efforts had ceased at the Montana and many people were still trapped in the debris.  He quickly finished with the building they were currently searching and moved his crew to the hotel.  With his engineering skills, he was able to instruct the rescue workers on how to safely open an escape route into the hotel to look for survivors.”
“At first they didn’t want to search because they believed it was too late and everyone was dead.  I stepped in and bribed them with the ship full of supplies if they would try – they had no way of knowing the supplies would be given out whether they helped us or not.”
“By that time, teams with rescue dogs were arriving from other countries, and as soon as Brian had routes secured, they went in to look for survivors.  We were so thankful that they found several people still alive within the first ten minutes; otherwise, I think they would have given up.”
“We talked to a man who worked at the hotel.  He said he had left the building for a break just as the quake hit, which spared him from being trapped inside with the others.  He gave us the location where Henri’s conference had been meeting in the basement.
Since we were still experiencing aftershocks, no one wanted to risk going so deep into the hotel; so Brian determined the best angle for an escape route, and once it was opened, he put on a hard hat and went down himself,” Simon told Colette.
“We could hear the sounds of debris being moved and dogs barking,” Henri explained, as he resumed the narrative from his perspective.
“We were overjoyed to know the search was back on, but we wondered if it would be possible for anyone to reach us buried so far beneath the rubble.  We started taking turns screaming ‘over here, over here’.  You can only imagine the euphoria we felt when we heard a sharp bark over our heads and then saw a bright light shine down into our small space as Brian asked in French, “Is anyone here ready to go home?”
“Once the rescue teams realized that Brian had made it safely to the survivors, they were willing to come down and help him bring us out.”
“By that time, we had been buried alive for over seven days and were in extremely weakened conditions.  Every one of us had some form of injury; I had a badly broken leg and I screamed out in pain as Brian drug and carried my body for more than two hours as he struggled through the debris and perilous wreckage of our would-be tomb until we reached daylight.  Never has the beautiful sky or the faces of my dad and brother looked so wonderful.  I thank God every day for sending Brian to save my life,” Henri said with emotion.
“I didn’t do anything any other Marine wouldn’t have done,” Brian said modestly.  “But now that I’m a Christian, I realize that God was with me every inch of the way.”
“I want you to all know that I thank God for the friendship you extended to me after that rescue while I remained here in Haiti,” Brian added.  “I believe that being around you and observing you as a Christian family made it possible for me to be open to studying the Bible with Scott and eventually responding to the call of the Holy Spirit.  I have a lot to be grateful to you for.”
“I’m glad that our example of living a Christian life was a help to you,” Simon said humbly.  “I can think of no better way to witness to others than by the way we live.”
Henri took the story back up.  “My friends and I were fortunate that dad had sailed to Port-au-Prince.  All the hospitals had collapsed and it was virtually impossible to find a doctor except for those who had arrived from other countries.  We took as many injured people as we could back with us to Saint-Marc so we could care for them.”
“It was the least we could do after God has blessed us so richly,” Jacqueline remarked with feeling.  “Ramon, a son of one of the families that has worked at DePaul Shipping for three generations, was home from France for a long holiday; he was studying to be a surgeon.”

“When Simon sailed to Port-Au-Prince, those of us left behind helped Ramon prepare a makeshift hospital in one of our warehouses.  Since he wasn’t yet qualified, he instructed Simon to bring back only survivors who weren’t hurt seriously enough to require surgery.  The critically injured had to be helped by other nations; many were transferred by helicopter to the USNS Comfort anchored off our coast,” Jacqueline finished.

They all sat quietly for a moment reflecting on what the people of Haiti had endured.

“Thank you for telling me this story,” Colette told the DePaul’s.  “I’ve been working in Haiti for many months and I’ve been so focused on rebuilding its infrastructure that I never stopped to think what it must have been like for those who were trapped alive in the mass of destruction.  It gives me a new appreciation for those of you who survived, for the great risks taken, and the bravery needed to rescue so many people.”

* * * * *
The next day they visited the Great Inaqua Island, the third largest island in the Bahamas, yet less than sixty miles long and twenty miles across.
It was situated only fifty-five miles off the coast of Cuba and there were less than a thousand people inhabiting it.  Most of them worked for the Morton Salt Company’s main facility located on the island.
They anchored in Inaqua’s only harbor at Matthew Town, the island’s capital.  Simon was well acquainted with the Morton Salt executives who sent two of the company’s vehicles to drive them to the most amazing bird sanctuary.  It was home to 140 species of native and migratory birds including Bahama Parrots, Tri-colored Herons, Snowy Egrets, Burrowing Owls, and so many more birds.  They observed a large flock of the over 80,000 West Indian Flamingoes which visit the sanctuary for a portion of each year.
Colette and Brian were both in awe at the vivid colors of God’s marvelous creations and realized how fortunate they were to visit this sanctuary; a place few people were privileged to see.  They were thankful to their host and hostess for they realized that this trip had been especially for their benefit.
That evening, three of the Morton Salt executives and their wives joined them on the “Jacqueline” for a five-course meal.  It was obvious that they were delighted to have the opportunity to visit with guests from off the island, a rarity on Inaqua.
Early the next morning they set sail for the southern Caicos Islands.  The islands were a territory of the United Kingdom and a part of the Bahamas Islands, which have become known as a playground for the affluent.
Colette and Brian were amazed at the beautifully kept airport, hotels, and white sand beaches.  The group enjoyed playing beach volleyball, rented jet skis, dined in fancy restaurants, and purchased quality clothing that wasn’t available in Haiti.
When the DePaul’s delivered them back to Port-Au-Prince harbor on Sunday evening, they felt refreshed and ready to again attack the problems of the Haitian people.  It had been a short but well deserved vacation and time of rest.

CHAPTER  4

Scott had been the Vice-President of his parents’ banking business and was in charge of the branch at Black Mountain when he’d been recalled to active duty.  It had been necessary to replace him, as Ms. Lester, who had agreed to do the job for Scott until he returned from overseas, wasn’t interested in filling the position fulltime. 
It was an emotionally difficult chore for John as he interviewed candidates for his son’s vacant position.
Now that the new employee was hired and trained, John no longer spent several days a week supervising at the Black Mountain branch and again spent all his days at the main bank in Asheville.  He soon realized that he missed the visits with his grandchildren that he had made each trip after completing his chores at the branch.
While Scott had been away fighting, Rebecca had driven over several times a week to watch Jessica and Steven so Emily could go shopping and have some time away from the children; now that he could never come home, she continued the routine.
“Rebecca, I’m so glad that you’re still going over during the week to play with our grandkids, but I’ve got to tell you that I miss seeing them as often, now that I don’t have to go to the Black Mountain branch,” John told his wife one evening.  “What would you think if I start working just three days a week so we can spend time together with Jessica and Steven?  I have quality men and women working for me, and I know they can handle the business.”
“I think it would be absolutely wonderful!” Rebecca replied.  “I miss Scott so much, and it would comfort me to have you around more.  I know being with Jessica and Steven has helped me let loose of some of my sorrow; I believe you need that, also.”
“You’re right, when I play with the kids I feel like Scott is still here with us,” John shared.  “I know Scott would be pleased that we’re there for them now that he can’t be.”
“Let’s check with Emily and see if she would like us to sleep over one night a week,” Rebecca suggested.  “It will soon be a year since Scott died.  She’s young and she needs to start going out again with friends her own age.  If we’re there to watch the kids, she won’t have any excuse to stay home.”
“I never mentioned it to you because Scott asked me to keep it to myself, but before he left from his last leave, he gave me a sealed letter to give Emily on the first anniversary of his death – if he was killed,” John confessed.  “He told me it was a letter to encourage her to go on with her life.  Scott felt Emily would have a hard time releasing her love for him and would feel guilty to even date another man.”
* * * *
Emily and the children had been delighted at the prospect of having an overnight visit with John and Rebecca to look forward to each week.  However, Emily explained to them that she wasn’t ready to start dating and socializing again.
She planned a special dinner for Easter and invited hers and Scott’s parents to attend church with her and the children to celebrate the anniversary of Scott becoming a Child of the King, only a few weeks before he was killed in combat.
When Emily called Pastor Phillip to ask if she could provide the altar arrangement for the day, he asked Emily’s permission to honor Scott by sharing his story during the Easter message.
When Easter Sunday arrived, the church was packed with over 300 members and guests.  As the cantata closed, the pastor stood up and shared a message of hope.
“Dear Congregation, one year ago on Easter Sunday, more than half a world away, 1st Lieutenant Scott Pearson knelt before the chapel’s altar at his base and asked for forgiveness of his sins and placed his trust in the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ.  Not long after that, Scott was killed in combat.”
“Scott’s family was sent a copy of that Easter sermon in which the Marine chaplain used John 15:13 as the basis of his message.  Please open your Bibles and follow along as I read the verse that helped changed Scott’s life for all eternity.
“A man can have no greater love than this, that he lay down his life for his friends.”
“That verse is one that our fighting men can relate to as many soldiers have freely given their own lives to save their comrades fighting beside them,” Pastor Philip remarked.
“The base chaplain explained to the soldiers at the service how our sins separate us from the Heavenly Father.  God cannot allow sin in His presence, but He loved us and wanted to redeem us, so He sent His only Son to die on the cross in payment for our sins.”
“Do you realize that Christ could have refused to die for us?” Pastor Philip asked.  “He could have come down from the cross, but instead, He who was without sin, laid down His life and suffered a terrible death for you and for me.”
“The Bible tells us that we all have sinned, every one of us.  We sin every single day, but because Christ died for us, we can look forward to being with God the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit when we leave this world.”
“I would like to read to you what Scott wrote in the back of the New Testament that was given to him last Easter Sunday after he made his public confession of faith.”
Today is the most wonderful day of my life because I confessed to God that I am a sinner; believing that Jesus died to pay the price for my sins and rose from the grave for my salvation – I accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord.
I can now be the man God wants me to be – a light to the world and a Christian husband and father to the beautiful family God has given me.
Oh, what unspeakable joy is filling my soul!
“Two short weeks later, Scott performed a heroic deed and saved the life of his men, and in doing so, he laid down his life for them.”
“Several days before he died, he wrote a long letter to his wife about his salvation experience and that letter was sent home with his body.  I would like to read to you the portion that was read at his graveside service.”
If something should happen to me before I can get home to you, I want you to remember that death for a Christian is not an ending but the beginning.  I would be carried by God’s angels into his presence.
As I have studied the Bible, a verse that has meant so much to me has been, “He is not here – He has risen.”  Jesus promised He was going to prepare a place for us, so that where He is, there we will be also.
Oh, my dearest Emily, if I lose my life, I will be in Heaven waiting for all of you.  Praise God, He answered your prayers.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, that verse that meant so much to Scott is why we are celebrating today.  Jesus died on the cross, but three days later He rose again and an angel proclaimed, ‘He is not here.  He has risen.’  Jesus Christ is no longer in the tomb but now sits at the right hand of the Father.”
“And yes, Jesus did promise that He was preparing a place for us to dwell with him for all eternity.  What a wonderful gift.  But that free gift, like all gifts, is only ours if we accept it.”
“Have you accepted the Lord Jesus Christ?  Have you asked Him to forgive you of your sins?  If not, your soul will still live for all eternity, but not in Heaven with God, but in a terrible dark place of pain and punishment called Hell.”
“I’m afraid many of our churches today no longer talk about Hell.  It seems like it’s just not considered polite to do so anymore.  Those churches just want to talk about the ‘feel good’ things in the Bible.  How can they justify such action when God’s own Son talked more about Hell than he talked about Heaven while he ministered on this earth?”
“I personally believe that it’s Satan who doesn’t want us to hear about Hell; he’s afraid that if you hear the truth about the horrors of Hell, you might decide you don’t want to go there to suffer like he will.”
“I’ve pointed out that every one of us has sinned and we don’t deserve to go to Heaven; so what is the deciding factor of where you will spend eternity?  Being good won’t get you to Heaven, since it’s impossible to be good enough, just as being bad…as we all are…isn’t the deciding factor that will send you to Hell; accepting or rejecting Christ is what decides where you will spend eternity.”
“The Bible says that there’s no other way for us to be saved from eternal punishment than through the blood of Jesus.  Good works won’t save you.  Being a member of a church won’t save you.  Being rich or poor won’t save you.  You must accept the gift of salvation freely offered by Jesus Christ.”
“Life is so fleeting.  None of us knows if we will see another sunset.  When Scott accepted Christ, he didn’t know he only had a short time left on earth.  Don’t put off accepting God’s gift for another second or it might be too late for you.”
“If you’re here today and you’ve never accepted Christ, you can say a prayer similar to the one that Scott’s chaplain suggested.”
“Heavenly Father, I know that I’m a sinner and I don’t deserve to be in your presence.  I confess my sins to you.  I believe that Jesus is your Son and that He died for my sins and rose again.  I want to give my life to you.  In Christ Jesus’ name, I pray.  Amen”
 “If the Holy Spirit led you to pray just now and ask Jesus into your life to forgive your sins, won’t you walk forward as the music plays and confess before men that Jesus is your Lord and King.”
As the congregation stood and was led in singing, “Up from the Grave He Arose”, seven people walked forward and gave their lives to Christ – what unspeakable joy was filling the souls of Scott’s family.
* * * * *
Emily’s parents didn’t want her to be alone on the anniversary of Scott’s death, so they invited her and the children to come and spend the day with them.  Then later in the week, they would all fly out to California to visit James and his wife, Betty.
When the dreaded anniversary arrived, Emily left Jessica and Steven at the base with her mom and drove to the secluded beach where she always went to be alone after seeing Scott off to his overseas duty.
As she walked down the deserted beach, her heart was heavy.  It had always been hard to deal with her emotions when Scott had flown away from her, but at least she always had the hope that he would return.  Today was different; Scott could never come back to her.
Emily felt like her heart was breaking all over again; and she cried with every step she took.  In her hand she carried the letter Scott had given to his dad; the letter she was to read on the first anniversary of his death.
Emily sat down on the sand and leaned back to watch the seagulls.  As she watched the birds floating on the currents of air, she wondered if any of them were the same ones that had looked down on her on previous trips.  She looked beyond them into the clouds and had a personal conversation with her Heavenly Father.
“Dear God, I’m afraid to open this letter and read it.  I want Scott to be here so badly that there are days I don’t think I can continue, but I know I have to go on…I have our babies to take care of.  I’m afraid that when I read this letter, my grief will become even greater and it will be like losing Scott all over again.  How will I ever be able to hide my heartbreak from the kids?”
Emily clutched the letter to her heart and sobbed.  Terrible, heart-wrenching cries for help went heavenward to God; and the God of the universe, the God who created the vast heavens and earth, heard and answered her prayer.
Emily suddenly felt a feeling of peace envelop her body, and in her mind, she could hear God talking to her.
“Emily, you know I have promised to never leave you nor forsake you.  I will never give you more than you can bear.  Don’t worry about this letter; read what Scott has written.  It will be a blessing to you, child.  I love you and want what is best for you as you serve me with the rest of your life.”
Emily dried her tears and – taking a deep breath – opened the letter Scott had written before flying away from her forever.
My precious, precious Emily,
As I write to you, my R&R is almost over.  How I wish I didn’t have to leave you and the children again.  My biggest fear as I go back into battle isn’t a fear of death itself, but the fear of the pain I know you will suffer if I die.
My dear, if you’re reading this letter, I’ve been gone from your life for a year.  It’s time to let me go.  It’s my wish that you start living life fully again.  I don’t understand why this is God’s plan for you, but it is.
During these past two priceless weeks of leave, I’ve seen firsthand your new faith in God.  I know that you’ve found a personal relationship with Him, and I ask you to use your new faith for strength to continue to raise our beautiful children.
I’ve often wished that if I am killed in action, I could somehow be there to hold you as you grieve.  I hope that this letter will comfort you and you will feel like I’ve got you wrapped in my loving arms as you cry; however, it is a tremendous help to me to know how much you love your Lord and God, for I realize that you will never be alone; God will hold you in His arms when I no longer can.
I hope the video I made for dad to give to you the day after my funeral – full of the joys and great love we shared – was a help to you.  As I write this letter, it’s hard not to write again of that love, but I must not.
I’m not going to ask you to stop loving me, for I know that you will always cherish our love, but you must learn to love me in a different way.  You now need to recall our love as a precious memory – and no more.
Knowing and loving you so deeply these past eight years has given me an insight into your feelings.  I’m afraid that you will have no desire to give up your grief, and out of loyalty to me, you will refuse to date again.
Emily, I don’t want my children to grow up without a father.  They’re so young; they need a man’s influence to help shape their lives.  And, I don’t want you to spend years and years alone without a husband to share your joys and sorrows with.
Now that you’ve accepted Christ as your Savior, I think you realize that any man you bring into the lives of our children must share your beliefs.
Please honor me by granting this, my last wish; find a loving man of faith who will cherish you and our children.  Goodbye, my darling wife, and best wishes for a wonderful life – this is the last letter I will be able to send you.
Your loving husband, Scott
P.S. Emily, I have felt a small stirring in my soul.  Perhaps it is the Holy Spirit talking to me and God will answer your prayers.  I will search my Bible daily, and if I’m convinced that God is calling me to accept Jesus Christ as my personal Savior, I will do so without delay.  If that happens and I can’t make it home to tell you, I will pray that somehow God will let you know.

CHAPTER  5

Following his long holiday visit at Black Mountain, David returned to his job at the Pentagon and submerged himself in his work.
He took Emily’s advice, and after much prayer and God’s help, he finally forgave Teresa for ending the life of their baby.  His terrible feeling of loss lessened as he dwelt on the fact that he would someday hold his child in Heaven.
He put in a request to have the embassy in Haiti included with his other assignments and was pleased when it was granted; eight visits there a year were to be added to his schedule.  As he did at the U.S. embassies in Germany and Italy, he would be transporting confidential papers back and forth between the Ambassador and the White House.  He would also help with job related issues and the educational needs of the military and embassy staff.
He was looking forward to spending time with Brian, and on his first trip to the embassy scheduled for early May, the two planned to explore Haiti together so David could report on the state of the country when he returned to Washington.  Once he had completed that chore, they would vacation on the nearby Caribbean islands.
The last time he and Brian had talked, David had been pleased to learn that they had been invited to enjoy two weeks of sailing aboard a privately owned vessel with the DePaul brothers.  Brian told him that his assistant and the brother’s sister would also be on board; four crewmembers would come along for added safety and their convenience.
When David arrived at the Port-au-Prince International Airport, an official car met him; the embassy didn’t allow any of their staff to use commercial transportation.  They had also issued warnings to U.S. citizens to pre-arrange private transportation so when they arrived they would avoid being targeted and followed from the airport.  Failure to observe these precautions had resulted in the recent deaths of two American tourists and there were reports of numerous incidents of theft by bandits who would lay in wait to ambush commercial taxis and buses.
While at the embassy, David had to abide by their curfew and be inside the guarded compound between the hours of 1:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m.  Since David no longer partied into the wee hours of the morning, the restriction wasn’t going to be a hardship for him.  For extra security, the staff’s activities were limited to only the safest areas of the country.
It took David four days to complete his embassy work.  He then clocked-out and officially went on vacation so he could move freely around the country with Brian without adhering to the embassy’s curfew and travel restrictions.  He wanted to get a personal glimpse of the country and not be shown only what the Haitian officials wanted him to see, which he was certain would happen if he toured in his professional capacity.
He arranged to stop by the embassy to pick up the confidential documents he needed to take back to Washington upon returning from his sailing trip.
At Brian’s suggestion, David purchased special evacuation insurance for the period of time he wasn’t performing official Pentagon business.  Because of his security level, Brian was aware of how dangerous it was if you became ill or injured while in Haiti.  There were very few doctors or hospitals, and both required cash payment in advance of treatment.
David knew the criminal element of the country was aware of the need for foreigners to carry large amounts of cash on their person in the event a medical emergency should arise, and that knowledge made him very nervous.
“David, it’s good to see you again,” Brian proclaimed, arriving at the embassy gate to pick him up.  “I’m looking forward to showing you my work with SamariWorldCare.  I’m afraid you might be a little shocked at the conditions in some of the camps.”
“If the Intel we have is correct, I’m aware that it’s bad.  However, the Pentagon wants me to take a firsthand look as the Haitian government is pressuring us to lift our travel warnings to U.S. citizens.  They feel we should at least leave out the information about rape, kidnappings, thefts and murder!” David explained.
Brian decided to show David one of the worst camps first.  Their driver weaved in and out of traffic on the way to Léogâne as he skillfully avoided potential disasters.  David held on for dear life as he and Brian were thrown from side-to-side.  Numerous public buses called “tap-taps” stopped without warning or swerved into the oncoming traffic lane to avoid potholes.  Beat-up taxis and private cars seemed to be operating without any thought to traffic rules.
As they neared a large intersection, David became aware that there were no signals.  It was up to the drivers to figure out who had the right-of-way and make their own decision as to when they should yield; something the aggressive drivers of the country rarely did.
As their driver cautiously eased forward so he could see beyond the wall that was blocking his right view, a tap-tap came barreling through the intersection without stopping.  A large delivery truck, which had the right-of-way, accelerated into the intersection, broadsiding the bus.  It sounded like an explosion as metal against metal grated and crunched upon impact.  Glass broke and shattered as the bus overturned in the middle of the chaotic street crossing.  Since tap-taps are open vehicles, many of the passengers who had packed themselves into the overcrowded bus were ejected from the wreckage and spilled haphazardly onto the pavement.
Before the dust cleared, the SamariWorldCare driver turned right, and with tires spinning, sped away from their planned route.
When David looked behind him, he could see people running toward the carnage and could hear the screams of some of the injured.
“Aren’t we going to stop and try to help those people?” David exclaimed in a near shout.
“We can’t; if we tried, I’m sorry to say, it could cost us our lives!” Brian responded with deep regret.  “The locals might try to place the blame for the accident on us.  If that happened, the mob would beat us to death.  It could be hours before the police or medical help arrives.  In the meantime, the crowd will be like vultures and help themselves to the victim’s belongings.  All we can do is to say a prayer that there are some Haitian Christians in the crowd who will help the injured.”
The driver knew the area well, and after traveling down some narrow, bumpy backstreets – dodging goats and chickens – they were soon back on the main route to their destination.
“All of our staff members who work at Léogâne traveled over from our headquarters earlier today, which is why we’re traveling alone.  Normally, we would travel only in caravans.  On the way back to Port-au-Prince, we will caravan with other SamariWorldCare vehicles,” Brian explained.  “Then if we should breakdown, or get tied up in an accident, we can help protect each other.”
No one seemed to be observing a speed limit.  Cars were supposed to drive on the right side of the road, and David was alarmed when those traveling in front of them would frequently move to the left lane, forcing oncoming traffic off the pavement.
 “Where I come from, we call this ‘playing chicken’,” Brian shared, as a car refused to budge from its rightful lane to an oncoming vehicle; the violator lost his nerve at the last second and careened off the narrow, winding road into an embankment. 
David noticed that several times their driver had to dodge cars sitting unattended in the middle of the road.  Almost every one of them had tree branches poking out of rear windows and the trunk.
“What’s the deal with the abandoned cars just sitting in the roadway?” David asked.
“Oh, they’re not necessarily abandoned,” Brian explained.  “More than likely, they’re just broke down.  The owner places branches out the rear of the vehicle as a courtesy and warning to other drivers while he leaves to obtain replacement parts.  Often the repairs are done on the spot with traffic whizzing by only inches away.
David just shook his head.  He was hoping they would soon reach their destination and was already worrying about the return journey.
Unfortunately for David, the road trip had one last terrifying experience to offer him.  When they reached their destination, it was necessary to exit left into the camp’s driveway.  Now their driver not only had to avoid cars coming toward them, but also those that raced past them on their left.  As he valiantly tried to find an opening in the streams of traffic coming from both directions, he would daringly edge into the traffic to start to turn and then slam on the brakes, jerking his passengers brutally; this occurred several times.  “If our driver is signaling for a left-hand turn, why are the cars passing on our left?” David asked with apprehension in his voice.
“It’s perfectly legal in Haiti.  Our driver will just have to be aggressive enough to get us out of this melee – you may want to say a prayer right about now!” Brian responded.
“That’s the second time on this trip that you’ve suggested I pray,” David said with a groan of resignation.
* * * * *
Emily and the children had a delightful time visiting with James and Betty in California.  They had all been excited as they toured Disney Land.  Although Emily knew that Jessica was probably too young to remember the trip, she was delighted to see how much she was enjoying the rides and the Disney characters with Steven.
Several times she found herself wishing that Scott was there to see his children laughing.  When she did, she would send a little prayer toward Heaven and ask God to give her strength to enjoy their happiness without regrets; and God gave her the ability to notice the fun her parents and kids were having together, instead of longing for what could not be.  She was also reminded of Scott’s words to her in his last letter, “It’s time to let me go.”  Emily decided that she must indeed honor Scott’s last request, no matter how hard it would be.
When they returned to North Carolina, John and Rebecca came over to welcome them home and to see the pictures and videos from the trip.
Once they tucked the kids in bed, the three adults sat around the kitchen table drinking tea while John and Rebecca filled her in on what had been happening at Black Mountain during the three weeks she had been gone.
Emily decided she wanted them to read Scott’s letter.  “You have both been so good to me; God gave me a priceless gift the day I married Scott and he placed your loving support into my life,” Emily said.  “I want to share with you the letter Scott had John give to me to read on the anniversary of his death.  I’m going to need your help and encouragement to fulfill his last request.”
After the two read the letter and dried their eyes, Rebecca reached over and held Emily’s hand in hers.  “Emily, you know that Scott is right.  Steven and Jessica need a father, and you’re so young, you need a husband.  God has a man for you somewhere, and God may even want to bless you with more children; you have got to start living life fully again.”
“Emily, just because you learn to love another man, it doesn’t mean you will stop loving Scott or forget about him,” John added.  “It’s time for you to realize what Scott wrote to you is true; your love for Scott needs to be different now.  However, we want you to know that once you find God’s chosen man for you, we wish to continue to be a part of your life.  If we were to lose contact with you and the kids, it would be like losing Scott all over again,” John told her as he wiped away a tear that had escaped.
“Oh, John, I will always want you and Rebecca to be a big part of our lives.  You will be able to help me keep Scott’s memory alive for Steven and Jessica,” Emily said, shedding tears of her own.
“If it’s alright with you, John and I will continue to come over on Friday nights in hopes that you will start socializing again,” Rebecca said.  “Don’t try to make something happen; just go out with your friends at church and let God do all the work.”
“I never thought about it that way,” Emily laughed.  “I have been so terrified since I read Scott’s letter, wondering how in the world I was going to meet an acceptable man and then get him to ask me for a date!”
John reached out his hands to Rebecca and Emily, and they bowed their heads.
“God, help Emily to relax and enjoy life.  Take all the stress of meeting the right man from her shoulders and bring the man you have created for Emily to her side.”
* * * * *
Rebecca came over a few days later so Emily could go to lunch with Melinda.  As they sat drinking coffee and nibbling on their desserts, Emily broached the topic that was making her so nervous.
“Melinda, a few weeks ago Scott’s dad gave me a letter from Scott, which he wanted me to read on the anniversary of his death,” Emily explained to her friend.  “In it, Scott asked me to stop grieving for him and find a new father for the kids.  I realize that he’s right; I must think of what is best for Steven and Jessica.  Now that I’ve made the decision to follow Scott’s wishes and start dating, I feel so strange; like everyone will see me as a shark looking for its dinner,” Emily explained.
“Emily, you have the funniest way of putting things,” Melinda laughed.  “However, I can only imagine how scary it would be to get back into the dating game.”
“You know that William and I are sponsors of the adults’ singles socials at church, why don’t you come with us to our picnic tomorrow night.  To put you at ease, I’ll invite you to be there as my assistant and you can help with the refreshments.  It will give you a chance to meet many other single individuals without feeling like you’re looking for a ‘meal’.  If you aren’t completely comfortable, you don’t have to come back.”
“Rebecca suggested something similar,” Emily replied.  “She and John are praying that God will bring the man He wants me to marry to my side, so I don’t have to hunt him down!”
The next night, Melinda and William picked Emily up and drove to the park.  She was enjoying herself as she helped her friends serve homemade ice cream.  Some of the single people had separated into partners and were touring the lake in paddleboats while other men and women were playing volleyball or corn toss.
“Emily, snatch a couple of cookies and take a bowl of ice cream over to the table by the volleyball action.  William and I will join you just as soon as we put the ice cream back in the cooler,” Melinda suggested to her friend.
Emily was relieved that she felt comfortable with everyone at the picnic; they had all been so friendly and had made her feel welcome.  As she nibbled on her cookie, a voice spoke from behind and above her, “Emily, It’s good to see you here.  I’ve been meaning to call you and ask how the kid’s dog is doing.  Do you mind if I join you?”
Emily looked up into the smiling and friendly face she recalled from the bear attack.  “Please, have a seat.  It’s Jim, right?” Emily asked.
“Yes, Jim Hendricks at your service; I was one of the policemen that came to your 911 call.  I’m the one who took the dog to the vet.” Jim explained.
“Of course, I remember.  Thank you for asking about Puller.  He didn’t suffer any lasting injuries; he romps and plays like always,” Emily related.
When Melinda and William joined Emily and Jim at the picnic table, they all had a wonderful time visiting and laughing over the antics of the volleyball game participants.  When it was time to leave, William suggested that Jim and Emily come over to their house so the four of them could play a game of cards.  The two gladly accepted.
Around eleven, Jim said he needed to get home as he was on duty the next morning and asked if he could drop Emily off at her place.
“That would be great, Jim,” Emily said.  “It’s getting late, and John and Rebecca will be wondering what has happened to me.”
When they reached the farmhouse, Jim walked Emily to the door and stepped inside to say hello to Scott’s parents.  He had stayed overnight with Scott at this very house several times as a young boy.
“Well, goodnight, Emily,” Jim said as he headed out the door.  “I hope you come to the social next Friday night.  We’re having a small dinner and dance at Dan’s Supper Club.  If you come, save all your dances for me.”
As Emily closed the door, she gave a deep sigh of relief; she had faced her fears and had thoroughly enjoyed herself.
* * * * *
In the weeks that followed, Emily and Jim went out to socials, the movies, dancing, horseback riding, and golfing.  Jim was a good-looking man.  He had sandy blond hair and the powerful body of a weight lifter, which most women admired, but he was less than an inch taller than Emily was.
She was careful to wear flat-heeled shoes so she wouldn’t tower over him.  She missed how she had always had to look up at Scott, even with her favorite three-inch heels on.
“Lord, forgive me for being so shallow.  I know that physical attributes should make no difference.  Help me to not compare every man I meet to Scott,” Emily prayed.
Jim would always call to make sure Emily had a babysitter available before he made any plans.  A sixteen-year-old neighbor girl would come over to babysit when John and Rebecca weren’t available.
Early one afternoon, Emily was working on bills at the kitchen table while the kids watched movies in the adjacent family room.  The phone rang, and when she picked it up, she was surprised to be speaking to an older gentlemen she had met at the church’s singles party the week before.
“Emily, this is Jerry Bowman, we met the other night.  It’s such a beautiful day and since I’m off, I was thinking of going for a hike.  Since I don’t enjoy going by myself all the time, I was wondering if you and the kids would go with me to the lake if I pick you up.  There are some easy trails the kids would enjoy, and I thought we could rent a paddleboat,” Jerry rushed out his message, hardly stopping to breathe; he was obviously nervous about calling and asking for a date.
His wife had died of cancer five years earlier; he had attended the single’s party in hopes of meeting someone to date on a casual basis.  He figured he was a good ten years older than Emily, but he had enjoyed her friendly, outgoing personality and he really wanted to get to know her better.
“Oh, I don’t know.  The kids can be a handful if you’re not used to them,” Emily said trying to decide if she should agree or not.
“I love kids; I think we would all enjoy ourselves,” Jerry responded, sounding rather dejected that she hadn’t immediately agreed to the trip.
“Well, it is a beautiful day, and it would be fun to go to the lake; however, since I have all the car seats already set up in my vehicle, let me meet you there in about an hour,” Emily replied.  She hated to crush the guy by turning him down, remembering how hard it was for her to face dating again.
Once she and the kids started hiking the trails with Jerry, Emily relaxed and realized she was having a good time.  Jerry was so easygoing that it felt like he was a long-lost friend.  Emily realized he wasn’t as old as she had first assumed; she had been judging his age by the grey in his hair.  As it turned out, he was only seven years her senior.
Steven and Jessica had loved the paddleboats.  Jerry had pitched right in and helped put the life vests on the kids.  He tossed water on them and made them squeal, then ducked and acted shocked when Steven splashed water back at him, making the little boy laugh.  After a couple of hours of play, he invited them for pizza.
By the time Emily arrived back home, the kids were worn out and went to bed early.  As she enjoyed her cup of coffee, she reflected on the afternoon.  It had been so good to be out with a man who wanted her children to tag along.
“My goodness, I never thought about it before, but Jim never asks me to do anything that includes the kids.  He always makes sure there is a babysitter to watch them before he commits to any plans for the two of us.  Is it possible that Jim doesn’t like children?”
Emily had been dating Jim for nearly a month.  The last couple of times as he had kissed her goodnight, he had hinted that he would like to do more.
Emily liked Jim and believed she could easily learn to love him, but she felt as if he was pressuring her too quickly and she wasn’t ready to further their relationship.  One thing was for sure, she had no intention of going against God’s teachings or soiling Scott’s memory by having sex with him outside of marriage.
Emily bowed her head and prayed.
“Dear Heavenly Father, thank you for this afternoon.  I had a wonderful time and not once did I think to be sorry that we were having fun without Scott.  Thank you for making me realize that Jim never includes the children.  He never even takes time to talk to them when he picks me up.  Please guide me to the man you would have me to marry; a man who will love both me and the kids.”

CHAPTER  6

As Brian showed David around the camp at Léogâne, David was shocked at the conditions the displaced Haitians were living in.  People were crowded into tattered tents, shacks pieced together with cardboard, and makeshift shelters covered with roofs of scrap metal which provided only minimal protection from the sun and rain for the numerous mattresses tossed helter-skelter on the bare ground.
“How in the world is it possible that people are still living in such filthy, unacceptable conditions?” David asked his friend.  “I know our country alone has sent millions to build new houses for the earthquake victims.”
“Haiti is no different from other countries that I’ve served in,” Brian remarked.  “As you’re aware, aid doesn’t always get to the people it’s intended for.  Corrupt governments, and at times, even the humanitarian organizations that are supposed to be providing the aid will pocket the money by charging for overpriced and bogus materials and supplies.”
“Now I’m not saying that all government officials in Haiti are corrupt, and many of the organizations that are trying to rebuild the infrastructure here, such as SamariWorldCare, are very frugal and are truly trying to help the people.  It’s just that with a disaster of this magnitude, there’s too much room for greedy individuals to line their pockets with money.  There needs to be a foolproof system of checks and balances for aid money that pours into a country after a catastrophic disaster of this magnitude.”
“How can anyone work under these conditions day after day without giving up?” David asked.
“Depression becomes a real problem for our staff if we look at the whole picture; so instead, we focus on each little success story,” Brian shared.  “We have pictures plastered on the office walls of all the people we’ve helped.  Being a Christian organization is a great benefit to our morale because we hold regular chapel services; and remembering that God is in control gives us the strength to get through each day.”
In the days that followed, David became increasingly aware of many problems within the country; crime, drug trafficking, kidnapping and greed was rampant.  He had no doubt how his report to the White House would read.
He was also going to write to his pastor back home asking that the church add Haiti to their prayer list and determine if there was any way they could get aid directly to the impoverished people.
When the tour of the country was over and the ship transporting them to a time of leisure and relaxation glided toward the open sea, David felt relieved.  With the wind in his hair and the tangy salt water stinging his face, he knew he had escaped to another world, even though Haiti was still on the horizon behind him.
* * * * * 
Colette felt exhilarated as she climbed aloft into the crow’s nest with Henri.  They had been at sea for three days and she was having the time of her life.
Because she and Nathalie had been spending every possible spare moment together since they had met – either at the DePaul’s home or aboard one of their ships – she had been seeing a lot of Henri.  He was becoming a dear friend who seemed to always understand her and anticipate her needs.
She had enjoyed the feeling of accomplishment as he had taught her to use every weapon on the ship and then allowed her to take over the helm as they skimmed over the waves between two small islands.
Colette was delighted to see that Brian had completely relaxed on the voyage.  She liked his friend, David, and wondered if his presence had helped to calm Brian.  With any luck, she would make headway on her attempt to win him over; Colette felt she was falling in love with Brian but didn’t want the attraction to be one-sided.
Henri, in turn, was secretly hoping to win Colette’s affections; the first time their eyes had met, he had felt a strong attraction to her.
Thinking there was no chance for a future with Colette; believing that she was already Brian’s girlfriend and seeing that she obviously idolized the man, he had complimented Brian at the conclusion of their first trip, “You are so fortunate to have such a wonderful girl at your side”.
“Yes, she’s an excellent assistant, I would never be able to accomplish my work without her,” Brian had replied.
That answer had given Henri courage to pursue Colette as Brian hadn’t spoken a single word of endearment; it appeared that for Brian, the relationship with Colette was strictly professional.  Therefore, Henri was spending every spare moment of time with Colette that he could and realized he had fallen hopelessly in love with her.
There must have been some kind of magic in the air as Nathalie was also feeling amorous and was delighted to have a Christian man to flirt and visit with.  She and David had been drawn to each other immediately; however, she was afraid that a sophisticated world traveler like David, who worked with the leaders of the world on a daily basis, would never consider dating a girl six years his junior.  She was encouraged that he had never mentioned a girlfriend waiting at home, but she realized it would be almost impossible to have a long-distance relationship with a man who would be visiting Haiti only eight times a year.
“If it’s God’s will that we have a future together it will happen.  In the meantime, I’m just going to enjoy every moment I can with David,” Nathalie thought to herself.
Nathalie loved the Lord Jesus.  At a young age, she had dedicated her future to living a life that would be pleasing to God.  When she was thirteen, she had started praying for the man that God would have her marry; as she looked up at the moon and stars each night, she would ask for His guidance:
“God, somewhere under this sky is the man you have created for me.  I wonder…if like me…he might be staring at the moon this very moment.  Please keep him safe and give me the wisdom to know him when we meet.  Help me to grow in Christian love so I can be the woman he deserves.”
On the fourth day of their adventure, they anchored in shallow water above an old wooden ship that had wrecked on the reefs during the sixteenth century.  It was documented to be a treasure-laden Spanish galleon.
The DePaul brothers enjoyed diving at this particular site even though all the treasures the ship had carried had been raised to the surface years ago.
The crew brought out the diving gear; it was no surprise that everyone was qualified to dive since they all loved the water and had grown up playing in the sea.  The water was so clear that the sunlight was able to penetrate to the ship, which was only fifteen feet below the surface.  The brothers were delighted that their guests seemed to be as enchanted with the wreck as they were.
They had been below for about twenty minutes when Alexandre and Louis began to frantically signal for everyone to surface.  They both had lead ropes attached to belts around their waists, and unknown to the others, they had received three firm pulls on those ropes, which was their signal for trouble.
Alexandre swam quickly toward the surface, leaving Louis to make sure that everyone else followed immediately.  When they surfaced, Alexandre had already boarded and one of the crew was waiting to help them with their equipment and up the rope ladder.
“Pirates!  We have to get under sail immediately,” the crewman shouted.  “Men, get up here fast.”
Henri and Louis quickly boarded and disappeared from sight.  David and Brian followed next, leaving Colette and Nathalie to hurry aboard seconds behind them.
As the girls arrived on deck, they heard Alexandre shout, “Anchor aweigh,” and then the distinct sound of the cable as the anchor raised off the bottom of the cove.
“Run for the weapons room, ladies,” the crewmember instructed.  “We’re going to need every one of us to get out of this mess!”
Over the piercing alarm that had been set off, they could hear the sound of the large diesel engine as it roared to life.  The computerized sails were already unfurled and Colette realized that they were going to use the power of both the engine and the sails to outrun the pirates.
Before descending to arm themselves, Colette and Nathalie waited for the men who were on their way up with their weapons to clear the stairwell.
“Here, put this knit cap on to cover your hair.  We don’t want the pirates to realize there are women aboard or they’ll fight all the harder,” Nathalie instructed Colette.  “With our wet suits on, we will blend in with the men.”
Staying low, they returned to the deck with rifles and ammo and hurried to the bow.  They could see that Alexandre was at the helm and heading straight toward two large cigarette boats that were trying to block their path.
No one was shooting yet, and Colette had realized that their men wouldn’t fire unless they were fired upon first; they had to be sure the two vessels meant them harm.  Although it gave the pirates the advantage, it couldn’t be helped.
As Colette peeked around the rigging she was using for cover, she could see armed men standing on the vessels that were blocking their path.  When the pirates saw that the ship wasn’t going to stop, they raised their automatic weapons to their shoulders and opened fire.
Colette ducked, and immediately, the ear-piercing sound of four grenade launchers, fired by the men aboard the “Jacqueline”, filled the air.
She chanced a look to see if the grenades had done any damage to their foe.  Each pirate boat had received two perfectly aimed hits amidships.  Seconds later, the grenade launchers boomed again, leaving the enemies’ boats dead in the water.
The pirates were no longer shooting at them; they were too busy trying to protect themselves as the large sailing vessel plowed by, pushing debris from her path as she went.  They were so close to the pirates that Colette could see the anxious and shocked expressions of the men who hadn’t been thrown into the sea.
The “Jacqueline” continued under dual power for the next twenty minutes before the order was given to turn off the diesel engine.  Everyone stayed at his or her stations watching for possible trouble.  They hoped the pirates didn’t have other gang members patrolling the waters who they may have called upon to intercept their lost target.
After an hour, Alexandre came around to tell them he believed they were out of harm’s way.  He had sent a distress call to their shipping business and his dad had dispatched a fast schooner to meet them and to escort the “Jacqueline” to safety.
Because of the escalating threats of violence toward his shipping business – which the boys and Nathalie weren’t totally aware of – Simon had decided it was necessary to send the schooner as extra protection for his children and their guests.
He knew the pirates were aware that they routinely docked the yacht at their shipping business; therefore, to confuse any pirates who might be waiting to ambush them before they reached the harbor at Saint-Marc, he instructed his sons to sail directly to the cove by their home.
With the use of the ship’s anemometer, the direction of the true wind and his knowledge of the currents, Alexandre calculated that by taking a direct course home, it would take thirty-six hours for them to rendezvous with the schooner sailing toward them, and then another thirty-six hours as the schooner turned and escorted them back to the cove.  Until they were safely home, they would remain “battle ready”.
He asked the two women to go below with Louis, David, and two of the crewmembers to eat and sleep.  They would be awakened in six hours to take a turn standing guard.

CHAPTER  7

A couple of evenings after Emily and the kids had gone to the lake with Jerry, Emily decided to call him and thank him again for the wonderful time.
“Emily, I’m so glad you called; I was going to call you later tonight to see if you and the kids would like to drive over to Asheville with me Saturday afternoon and visit the Nature Center.  I’ve heard they have all sorts of live animals native to North Carolina.  A friend at work took his small children and he said they had a wonderful time.”
“I know the kids would love that; and I would, too,” Emily said with sincerity in her voice.  “It’s a date.”
After she and Jerry had finalized their plans and said goodnight, Emily went to check on her sleeping children and prepared for bed.  Before she could fall asleep, the phone rang; picking up the phone, she immediately recognized Jim’s voice.
“Emily, there’s a good action movie showing Saturday night,” he said.  “Arrange for a babysitter and I’ll pick you up around six.”
“I’m sorry, Jim.  The kids and I are going to Asheville Saturday.  By the time we get home, I’m sure that we’ll all be exhausted.  Maybe we can arrange to see the movie another time,” Emily said.
“Never mind, I’ll just ask someone else to go with me,” Jim replied in a huff and hung up.
“Well, that was rather childish!” Emily thought.
* * * * *
Steven and Jessica were excited about going with Jerry to see the animals.  When they arrived at the center, Emily was impressed with the natural looking habitats that had been created for the wildlife.
When the children saw the black bear, they were excited.  “Mama, look!  It’s just like the bear that tore down our fence,” Steven exclaimed.
The antics of the river otters mesmerized Jessica, and Steven was hoping to spot some in the creek behind their house.
They saw a cougar, and it was much larger than Emily had expected.  Since the bear attack, she had gained a new respect for the wildlife hidden in the mountains surrounding her home; looking at the powerful animal, she felt a shiver run down her spine and whispered a prayer asking God to keep any cougars away from their yard.  There was no way the new fence would protect them from such a large cat.
When Jerry drove them back to Black Mountain, he stopped at the old soda shop to treat them to ice cream.  As they visited about the excursion, they all decided that the four tiny red wolf cubs were their favorites.
Emily was enjoying herself as she watched Jerry teasing the kids.  They were all laughing and hadn’t noticed that a man had stopped beside their booth until he spoke.
“So now you’ve taken up lying, Emily,” Jim stated in an angry voice.  “You needn’t make up stories about trips to Asheville; just say you don’t want to see me.  I guess you figure dating a doctor is better than dating a lowly cop” he remarked with angry indignation and walked quickly from the shop before Emily could reply.  He had spoken so loudly that people in the surrounding booths had turned to stare.
Jerry looked at Emily and raised his eyebrows to send a mute, “What was that about?” question to her and quickly ended the silence that had fallen over the area by asking the children what they had thought of the dwarf goats.
After Jerry drove Emily home, and helped her get the kids inside and settled in their play area, he accepted a glass of ice tea and asked Emily about Jim’s hostile display at the soda shop.
“Why would he accuse you of lying in front of so many people?” Jerry asked.  “I didn’t like the sound of his voice.  Would you like for me to have a talk with him and explain why we were together?”
“Absolutely not,” she exclaimed.  “I enjoyed the time you spent with me and the kids at the lake and again today.  It’s none of his business why we were together; Jim and I have been out on a couple of dates, but he doesn’t own me.  In fact, after seeing how much you interact with Steven and Jessica, it has made me wonder why he never even speaks to my children.  Seeing his temper surface today has made me realize that I will no longer accept any dates with him!”
Jerry happily agreed to stay for supper.  Once the meal was over, the kids were so tired that Emily decided to put them to bed early.  Jerry offered to read Steven and Jessica a bedtime story, which delighted the children.  When he returned downstairs, Jerry gave Emily a friendly hug and a kiss on her forehead.
“I’ve had such fun today with you and the children.  Rosie and I had hoped to have a big family, but after only two years of marriage, we discovered she had cancer.  She spent the next four years fighting for her life before she finally lost the battle five years ago.  She would have liked you and the children,” Jerry said.  Looking hopefully into Emily’s eyes, he asked, “Would you like to go out for dinner Friday night?”
“I think that would be lovely.  John and Rebecca come over every Friday night to play with the kids, so I hope you won’t mind being stuck with just me.” Emily laughed.
It was dark when Emily closed and locked the door behind Jerry; turning off the downstairs lights, she headed up to her bedroom.  As she climbed the steps, the doorbell rang.
“There must be something about these stairs!  It seems like the phone or the doorbell rings every time I go up them,” Emily thought amusingly, and not for the first time.
Since Jerry had only been gone a couple of minutes, Emily assumed he had forgot something and quickly opened the door before checking to see who was outside.
“You tramp!” Jim shouted, shoving the door to the wall and pushing into the room.  “You begrudge me a goodnight kiss and then I find you entertaining a man in your home.  You’re a slut, Emily,” Jim roared.
“Since you’re giving out your safely guarded affections tonight, you can share some of them with me,” he exclaimed.  Dragging her to the couch, he threw her down and climbed on top of her.
“Jim, stop!” Emily screamed, as she struggled to get away.
“Shush, Emily.  You don’t want to wake up your brats or I will amuse myself by slapping them around.”
Emily realized that if Steven or Jessica woke and came downstairs to investigate her screams, their lives could be in danger.  She was going to have to free herself from Jim without making too much noise; he was acting so strange that she was frightened.
“Jim, please stop.  Let me explain.  I wasn’t lying to you about Asheville.  Jerry took us over to the Nature Center this afternoon,” Emily calmly tried to explain, hoping to get the situation under control as she forced herself to a sitting position with the last of her strength.
Jim slammed his fist into her face, knocking her back down on the couch and bloodying her nose.  He grabbed her blouse and ripped the buttons open, then tore at her bra until her breasts were exposed.
“My, what pretty breasts you have ‘Little Red Riding Hood’,” Jim said in a cartoon-sounding voice.  “All the better to satisfy me you cheap, disgusting tease.  Let’s get your clothes off, dear.  Cooperate with me or I’ll wake up Steven so he can watch.”
Now Emily was terrified; Jim had to be deranged, and he was so strong she knew she was helpless to free herself.  She was beginning to wonder if he would leave her and the children alive once he was through with her.
As he finished ripping her clothes from her body, she desperately tried to come up with a plan.
“Go lie down on the floor in front of the fireplace, Emily.  I want you to watch me as I undress.”
Emily complied and was horrified as she watched Jim slowly slip out of his clothing, dragging out the ordeal so he could enjoy the terror that was apparent on her face.  Suddenly she saw a movement in the shadows across the room and realized that Jerry had entered the house through the open front door and was quietly advancing behind Jim with a pistol in his hand.
Emily’s heart was racing as she kept her eyes glued on Jim’s face; afraid she would give Jerry away before he could overpower her tormentor.  Jim was so strong, and in his crazed state, she knew Jerry would need the element of surprise to overpower him.
Once he was totally naked, Jim started to lower himself slowly toward her body, and with a gloating grin on his face, he said, “I promise you’re going to enjoy our lovemaking, Emily.  I’m going to wipe every memory of Scott from your mind forever.”
Jerry was now directly behind Jim and with all his strength he used the pistol to deliver a fierce blow to the back of the man’s head.
Jim collapsed unconscious, falling heavily on top of Emily.  His weight was crushing her and Emily frantically squirmed and screamed as she felt his naked body against hers.  “Get him off me; please, get him off me!”
Jerry rolled Jim’s body off Emily’s, and keeping a firm grip on the gun, he picked her up and carried her to the kitchen where he dialed 911.  After being assured that help was on the way, he asked Emily if she had any duct tape.  He retrieved it from the drawer and instructed her to stay in the kitchen until he returned.
Jerry quickly taped Jim’s hands behind him and then bound his ankles together.  Finishing the task, he hurried upstairs to Emily’s bedroom and returned to the kitchen with a blanket from her bed.
By now, Emily was sobbing uncontrollably and attempting to cover herself with a kitchen towel.  Jerry wrapped her in the blanket and held her in his arms with an ice pack pressed between his chest and her swelling face as he gently rocked her back and forth, as you would a little child.  Some minutes later, he heard the sirens coming down the lane and knew that Emily would be safe now, but he also knew her nightmare was just beginning.
They could hear Jim thrashing frantically in the living room and knew he had regained consciousness.  He was desperately trying to free himself so he could flee.  When it was obvious that he wouldn’t make it before his fellow officers entered the house, he started spewing the vilest vocabulary.
To drown out the sound of Jim’s rants, Jerry held Emily a little tighter as he prayed in a comforting voice:
“God, be with your child, Emily.  She needs you to be especially close tonight.  Thank you for guiding me to return to her in time to spare her from Jim’s rape.  Give her strength to tell her story to the police so Jim can never harm another woman.  Thank you, dear Heavenly Father, that her children are safely sleeping in their beds.  In the name of Jesus I pray, Amen.”
As Jerry finished his prayer, a sense of calm settled over Emily.  She knew that with God’s help she could get through the humiliating interview with the police and the whispers of the townsfolk.
* * * * *
The sun was high in the sky when Emily finally woke the following day.  Last night, after the police had left, Emily had given Jerry the phone number for John and Rebecca.  Since it was one in the morning, they decided to wait until quarter to six to call them; that would give them plenty of time to come over before the kids woke up.
Jerry had helped Emily upstairs to the master bath so she could shower.  She stood under the hot running water for a long time, letting it rinse the feeling of Jim’s body from hers.  Once she towel-dried and slipped into pajamas, she entered her bedroom where Jerry waited to give her a sedative and tuck her into bed.
“Emily, you need to sleep.  I’ll check on the children; if you need me, I’ll be downstairs on the couch.”  Emily had been too distraught to think to tell Jerry to use one of the guest bedrooms.
Now, as Emily lay in bed, collecting her thoughts, she could hear the children playing downstairs with their grandparents.
“How different today would have been if Jerry hadn’t gotten nervous and returned last night,” she thought.
When the police questioned Jerry, she had learned why he came back to check on her.
“I was driving away from the house when I glanced in my rearview mirror and thought I saw red taillights,” Jerry had explained to the officers.  “When I looked again, I didn’t see anything and I thought my eyes must have been playing a trick on me; I had just come out of the lane and hadn’t seen a car.”
“By the time I got to my apartment, I had convinced myself that I had to go back and make sure there hadn’t been a vehicle concealed in the trees.  I figured I was just being silly, but I knew I could drive down the lane, and if everything looked alright, I would just leave.”
“When I got back here, I saw a car was parked in the driveway in front of the house.  When I noticed the front door was standing open, I knew something had to be wrong, so I retrieved my gun from my locked glove compartment,” Jerry continued.  “As I neared the open door, I could hear a man’s angry voice.  It sounded like the same person that had been at the soda shop earlier today.”
“We’ve already told you what happened next.  I’m glad that I didn’t have to shoot him, but I would have done so to protect Emily and the children.”
Before climbing from bed, Emily said another prayer of praise for the children’s and her safety and asked for help to face the day.  She dressed and went downstairs to hug Steven and Jessica and say good morning to John and Rebecca.  As she entered the kitchen, she saw that Rebecca was putting lunch on the table.  Jerry had stayed to make sure she was going to be able to handle the trauma and was helping John lift the children into their places.
“Good morning,” everyone seemed to say at once.
“Mommy, Mommy,” Steven exclaimed.  “Grandma and Grandpa came over to play.  They told us to let you sleep as a surprise.  Are you surprised?”
Emily hugged her kids and went to Rebecca who engulfed her in her arms.  “Emily, everything is going to be alright.  I’m going to stay here with you for a few days,” Rebecca whispered in Emily’s ear.
“Thank you, Rebecca, I really appreciate that.  I couldn’t face being alone just yet.  With you here, it will be easier to keep the children from finding out what happened.”
Emily forced herself to smile and sat down at the table.
“Dear Heavenly Father, we thank you for the beauty of this day, and we thank you for the safety of these precious loved ones.  We praise your name for sending Jerry to this home when he was needed.  Please give Emily strength in the days to come.  Amen,” John prayed.
After lunch, John and Rebecca took the children outside to play; Jerry insisted on doing the dishes.  Emily sat down at the table and phoned her parents.  She knew they had to be told before it came out on the news, but she spared them the graphic details.
Predictably, her parents had been very upset.  “Emily, we’re glad that John and Rebecca live so close to you; you need your family surrounding you at a time like this.  If they let that man out on bail, will you come and stay with us until this is over?” Helen asked.
“I think that would be a good idea,” Emily said, which made her mother very happy.
* * * * *
The wind had shifted, resulting in an extra hour to complete the trip from what Alexandre had calculated.  Simon and Jacqueline were relieved when they saw the yacht with their children, and the schooner that had gone to their aid, were now visible in the moonlight, and anchored in the bay below their home.
Simon had arranged for new crews to go aboard the two ships and keep guard so the current crews could come to shore and rest.
Jacqueline, always a gracious hostess, made David, Brian, and Colette feel welcome and then had a servant show them to their rooms so they could sleep for what was left of the night.
When they finally awoke, David and Brian joined the brothers on the spacious stone terrace overlooking the bay.  David took out his satellite phone and called his parents to tell them about his adventure.
As soon as he heard his father’s voice, he realized his dad was terribly upset about something and he decided to withhold the information about the pirates.
“Oh, David, we’re so glad you called; something terrible has happened to Emily,” his father exclaimed.
David could hear his mother crying in the background.  “Dad, is Emily alright?” David asked alarmed, fearing the worse from his parents’ behavior.
Brian was reclining in the chair next to him, and at the mention of her name, he jerked upright.  “What’s happened to Emily,” he demanded.
Although Brian had never said anything to him, David was long aware that Brian had fallen in love with his sister.  David figured the deep friendship that Brian shared with Scott was holding him back from declaring his love to Emily.  He felt the two were perfect for each other and secretly hoped that Brian would overcome his demons and pursue her.
David hit the speaker button on the phone so Brian could hear his parents.
“I didn’t mean to alarm you, David.  She’s alive, and I guess she’s not hurt too badly,” his dad explained.  “We understand her face is swollen and she has a black eye.  She was attacked in her home last night.  A man she had been dating tried to rape her; he was angry because she had started dating a doctor in town.  Luckily, after the doctor had left for the evening, he got worried and went back to check on Emily and the kids.  He was able to knock the guy out and call the police.”
Brian reached for the phone so he could talk to Emily’s dad.  “Sir, this is Brian Brooks.  Are the police going to be able to keep the guy in jail, or will he be walking around on bail?”
“I called the police department in Black Mountain.  They said they were sure they could keep him locked up for at least a few days.  The guy is a cop on their force!  I got the impression it wouldn’t be too good for their PR if they let him loose too soon.  Emily has promised that she and the children will come here…if he’s let out on bail,” Sam replied.
“Tell Emily I’ll be praying for her, would you, sir?” Brian asked.
“I certainly will, Brian.  I know Emily would be glad to hear from you if you get a chance to call her,” Sam encouraged the young man.
Brian gave the phone back to David so he could talk to his parents and calm them down.
“I wish I could jump on a plane and go to Emily’s side,” Brian agonized.  “I can’t seem to stop loving that woman, but now that she’s dating again, I might not be welcome.  I hope the doctor appreciates what a wonderful person Emily is.”
After David hung up from his parents, he handed his phone to Brian.  “Why don’t you take Dad’s suggestion and call Emily.  I’m sure he’s right; she’d like to hear from you.  Walk down in the garden so you can have some privacy.”
As Brian looked into his friend’s eyes, he realized that David knew his secret.  “Thanks, David, I think I’ll do that,” Brian said.
When the phone was answered at Emily’s, Brian was delighted to be talking with Rebecca.  She thanked him for his letters and informed him that she and John had been missing him terribly.  She filled him in on more details about what had happened the night before and then went to find Emily and tell her she had a call.
“Emily, this is Brian,” he said when he heard her sweet voice.  “I heard about what happened to you.  I really wish I could be there to help you through this, are you going to be okay?” he inquired.
“Brian, I’m so glad you phoned.  I wish you could be here, too.  Do you realize this is the second time you’ve called to help me through a crisis?” Emily asked.  “I’ve really missed you since you left; just hearing your voice makes me happy.”
Brian’s hopes went soaring at Emily’s words.  “Emily, I would like nothing better than to spend my life making you happy!  I was glad to hear that you’ve started going out again.  I understand that the doctor you’re dating saved you.  Are you in love with him?” Brian asked, hoping to find out that she wasn’t.
“I like him a lot, but we’ve only seen each other a couple of times; there hasn’t been time to fall in love with him.”
“He lost his wife five years ago to cancer and he’s lonely.  He took the kids and me to the lake last week and to the Nature Center yesterday.  We were going to go out for supper Friday, but I’ll have to cancel that date if Jim gets out on bail.  If he’s released, the kids and I will be going to the base to stay with Mom and Dad until I know it’s safe to come back home,” Emily explained.
“He sounds like a good man if he’s including the kids in your outings.  Is he a Christian,” Brian asked.
“Yes, he is; I met him at a church group for singles.  He has turned out to be a wonderful man who loves the Lord.”
“Jim, the man who attacked me attended the same group, but after dating him for a while…I realized he wasn’t the man God wanted for me,” Emily explained.  “He seemed so nice at first.  Talk about a wolf in sheep’s clothing; he had me fooled.”
“You’ve spoke with Jim,” she informed Brian.  “He was the younger police officer that came and helped roll the bear off of you.  He’s the one that took Puller to the vet,” Emily clarified.
“Unbelievable, I would have never guessed that he would attack a woman.  I always thought I was a pretty good judge of character, but I was sure wrong about him,” Brian admitted, astounded.
“Well, we’re not alone in misjudging him.  He went through the second grade with Scott before his family moved from the area, and he even stayed overnight here with Scott several times when they were boys.  Rebecca and John were shocked when they heard what Jim had done,” she informed Brian.
“Emily, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking since I came to Haiti.  Scott was such a dear friend to me and I was confused about many things after he died.  Would you promise me not to fall in love with anyone just yet?  I want to fly home and have a serious talk with you, but I’ve used up a lot of my vacation time and I won’t be able to get away for a few months.”
“I’m probably going to be busy with Jim’s trial for several months, so there won’t be any time for me to fall in love with anyone before you can come home,” Emily laughed, wondering why Brian had made such a strange request.
“As much as I hate the thought of telling the court the details of what he did to me, I’m filing charges,” Emily declared.  “I think he’s a sick man; and if I don’t put him away, some other woman might be hurt or worse.”
“You’re a brave woman, Emily.  I would expect no less from the girl that Scott picked for his wife,” Brian told her.  He hadn’t wanted to say much about the attempted rape to Emily, in case it upset her to speak about it.  He was glad to hear her putting aside any fears she might have and talking about what had happened.
“Be sure to give my love to Jessica and Steven for me, and let them know I received their care package last week; I really enjoy opening each one they send to me to see what’s inside.”
“My friends and I are going shopping this afternoon after we eat a late lunch, and I’m picking out some things to send to the kids,” Brian told Emily.  “David is here with me; we toured the country this past week and then we went sailing.  I’ll tell you all about it when I see you.”
“Is that how you found out about the attack?”  Emily asked.
“Yes, your brother called your parents a few minutes ago.  They said they had just got off the phone with you and they were pretty upset; however, I talked to your dad and he seemed relieved that you planned to come and stay with them if Jim gets out on bail.”
“I have to go, Emily, please don’t take any chances with your or the kids’ safety; and remember, don’t fall in love, yet,” Brian said before ending the call.
In the hectic days to come, Emily’s mind kept repeating what Brian had said to her, “I would like nothing better than to spend my life making you happy…don’t fall in love, yet.”

CHAPTER  8

That afternoon, Louis and Nathalie escorted their guests as they explored downtown Saint-Marc.  The town was the DePaul’s stomping grounds and they felt safe roaming its streets.  They did not expect the pirates to pursue them on land but wanted to stay on guard, so the men carried concealed weapons.
Most consumer goods enter Haiti through the port at Saint-Marc.  It was centrally located near twelve of the largest cities in the country where 80% of the Haitian population dwelled.  It was the enormous need for consumer goods for these cities’ eighty million inhabitants that made the DePaul family, who had been involved in shipping for generations, so very wealthy.
Saint-Marc was surrounded by beautiful mountains and the port itself was much less congested than Port-au-Prince.  Colette marveled at how lovely and tranquil it looked with hundreds of sailboats bobbing atop its beautiful blue waters.
The open-air market, where you could purchase almost anything, was their destination.  It was located in a city park and was crowded with vendors peddling their goods from colorful carts.  Besides the ordinary items, there were some nice souvenirs to attract the tourists who arrived on cruise ships almost daily.
“David, help me pick out something for Emily that will hint at my feelings for her.  I want to start softening her up so she won’t reject me when I go home to tell her how I feel,” he nervously joked.
With David’s help, he picked out an exquisite amber necklace and bracelet set for Emily; he then chose a small matching necklace for Jessica.  He realized the kids were too young to appreciate jewelry, but couldn’t resist a small amber tie-tack for Steven.  After all, he knew Emily would appreciate his thoughtfulness in including the children and he wanted her to grasp how much he loved them.
It was hard to find something that the kids would enjoy playing with that he felt would be safe, but he finally decided on coloring books depicting sights from Haiti.  He also found a vendor who was selling intricately carved wooden puzzles of different colored woods; he chose several of colorful fish, which he was sure the kids would like.  He hoped he would one day be part of their lives and he could teach them to put the puzzles together.
The women had traveled around the market making purchases with Louis at their side.  They had been startled when they had suddenly found themselves encircled in a “rah-rah”.
Rah-rahs usually occurred during carnival times.  Like Nathalie and Louis, Colette was aware that such an event could start out as an enjoyable experience as you quickly became encircled with a large group of people clapping, singing, and dancing along the street.  However, they were also mindful that participants were swiftly pressed together, making it difficult to escape; a rah-rah could rapidly turn to violence if mob mentality took over.
Grabbing an arm of each woman, Louis forcibly started shoving them to the outer fringe of the celebration.  Nathalie and Colette did their best to assist him; all three had found it necessary to use some of their self-defense training to break free of several unyielding Haitian men.
They were breathless and relieved as they watched the jubilant group of Haitians proceeding down the street still encircling tourists from the cruise ships who were thoroughly enjoying themselves.
“I think we need to get back to Brian and David.  If another rah-rah breaks out, it would be better if we were all together,” Louis said.
When they joined back up, Colette and Nathalie wanted to see what Brian had purchased.
“I found some beautiful jewelry which I hope will soften-up the girl I love back home,” Brian explained as he showed off his expensive selections.
Colette was taken by surprise by his declaration and was amazed that instead of feeling heartbroken, she simply felt happy for Brian.
“I must not be in love with him after all,” Colette thought to herself.  “That explains why I’ve had such a good time with Henri.  We have so much in common, even our French ancestry.  I hope it’s not too late for Henri and me.  If it is, it’s my own fault for trying to make something happen with Brian just because I was lonely.  I should have known to wait on God.”
Nathalie selected some baked goods from a vendor who was balancing her selection in a basket on her head.  When they decided they had seen everything available at the market, she asked the men to accompany her and Colette to a pharmacy.  The men sat down on an outside bench while the two women went in to shop, glad for the privacy to make their personal purchases.
As they visited, David noticed Louis glance nervously at his watch and then at the door to the store; suddenly Louis jumped to his feet, “They’ve been in there too long.  Something’s wrong,” he declared, and headed into the pharmacy.
David and Brian quickly followed, wondering at Louis’s strange behavior, the women couldn’t have been inside much longer than five minutes.
“Surely Louis hasn’t been shopping with too many women or he’d know it takes them a long time to make up their minds,” David joked.
The shop was small and it was easy to see at a glance that the women weren’t there.  Louis rushed over to the pharmacist and grabbed him by his jacket.
“Where did they go?” he demanded.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” the man responded, obviously alarmed.
Louis pulled the pistol from under his jacket, and pointing it between the man’s eyes, he repeated, “Where did the two women go?  Did someone take them out the back?”
“Yes, Yes!  I was told to mind my own business or I was a dead man,” the frightened pharmacist exclaimed.
“Did you recognize them?” Louis asked.
The man motioned to Louis to bend down and he whispered in his ear.  “I’ll tell you what I can, but you must tell the police I said nothing.  I’ve heard rumors that the police are working with the gang who took your women.  They were members of the mafia; I recognized them by the tattoos they have on their left arms.  There were three of them; I heard one tell the others to get the women to their camp immediately.  I will be killed if you let on that I told you!”
“Thank you sir, I, and my family, will be eternally grateful for the information,” Louis whispered back, slipping a large bundle of gourdes, the Haitian currency – worth about one hundred American dollars – into the man’s hand.  “We pay back our debts,” he murmured to the merchant.
For the benefit of several customers who had just entered the store, he returned his weapon to its hiding place and shouted at the pharmacist,  “How could you be so stupid that you saw nothing.  I will report this incident to the police and we’ll see what they can find out from you.”
“Come, we must go to the National Police Headquarters,” Louis said loudly to Brian and David, leading the way back into the street.
Once outside he spoke quietly.  “The girls have been kidnapped; we have to get to the shipyard as fast as possible.  Once there, we’ll send a worker to bring the police to us.  It’s better not to visit them in their stronghold.”
 “Let’s go; I’m sure we’re being watched.  If we don’t leave quickly they may decide to grab us, too,” Louis added.  “Dad will get a plan underway.  We must secretly locate the girls or they’ll be raped and tortured.  We will never see them again if we depend on others to come to their rescue.”
Although Simon was visibly shaken by the news of the kidnappings, he immediately took over like a general going to war.
He sent word to his wife and told her what had happened and asked her to instruct the guards to be especially vigilant at the house and on the two sailing vessels in the cove.  He wanted everyone to wait for additional information until he could return to the house, which would become their center of operation.
“It’s my fault,” Louis exclaimed.  “The rah-rah should have tipped me off; I’m sure now they were trying to separate the women from me.”
“It’s not your fault, son.  If it’s anyone’s fault, it’s mine,” Simon said.  “I should have told you kids that the mafia has been threatening your mother and me.  That’s why we insisted on all of you being able to defend yourselves and the reason for all the repetitive security practices we’ve been doing with the weapons.  I foolishly thought we were invincible.”
“Many of the Haitian Mafia has dual memberships in the drug cartel,” Simon explained to Brian and David.  “They have been unsuccessfully trying to get me to launder cartel money into the U.S. through our shipping business.”
“After the phone call I received this morning, I have decided that they were responsible for the pirate attack on our yacht,” Simon added.  “An unidentified man warned me that I would be sorry if I didn’t give them what they want…that if I refuse again…it will no longer be safe for our ships to leave port.”
“If they’re behind the kidnappings, we should hear from them once they have the girls securely hidden,” Henri stated.  “The cartel is probably monitoring the shipyard this very minute; we want it to look like we’re preparing to comply with their demands.”
“You’re right, Henri,” Simon agreed.  “Even though it will be necessary for us to promise to launder their money, they will still demand a ransom; we need to get a large amount of money ready immediately.  They probably have an insider working at our bank and they’ll know the minute we start withdrawing funds.”
“When the police get here, we must all be careful about what we say as it will certainly be reported back to the mafia,” Alexandre informed David and Brian.  “We must make them believe that we’re going to return home and wait for them to rescue the women.  We will immediately give the police a generous bribe and tell them there will be more once they deliver any ransom demand to the kidnappers and the girls are safely home.”
“David, since you work for the U.S. Embassy and Brian’s a U.S. citizen, it might help for the two of you to complain that his assistant has been kidnapped and demand action,” Louis added.
“I might be able to get the police to apply pressure to the cartel by telling them the kidnapping will go into my report to the White House,” David offered.  “I’ll assure them that the Haitian government will be very angry with the National Police for failing to perform their duty in keeping the streets safe for tourists.  I’ll demand that they listen to me because I’m a U.S. dignitary, and I’ll tell them that I’ll leave the kidnappings out of the report if they find and return the girls.”
“I think that’s sounds like something they would expect an arrogant embassy official to demand,” Henri said with a snort.  “The more we can say that convinces the police we plan to sit back and wait for them to take care of the matter, the better.  If you can make them worry about repercussions, it might at least keep the kidnappers from torturing and raping the girls for a few days, until we can steal them back.”
David wasn’t insulted over the “arrogant embassy official” remark because he knew that Henri hadn’t meant him.  He was aware that too many embassy officials did indeed come off as being arrogant with the local people in the countries where they served, and from his years of observing others, he knew just how to act the part.
David called the embassy and asked them to file an official complaint with the Haitian President and Brian did the same with SamariWorldCare.  Then the two stepped to the side and had a private conversation.  They realized from the remarks that all of the DePaul’s were making, that they were going to attempt to rescue the women by themselves.  They knew that if they assisted them and were discovered, it could mean their jobs.
After talking it over, David said, “I’m in.”
“So am I,” Brian added, and they went to inform Simon.
“Sir, you know that David and I have both been trained for ‘special ops’ in the Marines; we want to help you rescue the girls.  We promise that we won’t get in your way, but we’ll not be left behind!”
* * * * *
Three of the four men who kidnapped Nathalie and Colette had forced them at gunpoint onto the floor of an old taxi and taken them on a hair-raising drive up along the coast.
Nathalie had a good idea of the direction they were traveling, but had received a vicious blow to the top of her skull when one of the men saw her lift her head enough to peek out the window – she hadn’t risked another look.
Once the car stopped, they were blindfolded, their hands secured in front of them, and a rope was tied around each of their waists.  Two of the men then forced them to start walking up a rough path while the third man drove away.  They were moving slowly; it was difficult to walk over the uneven and rugged terrain while being pulled by a rope and unable to see where to place their feet.  They hadn’t gone far when Colette refused to continue.
Nathalie heard the force of a fist make contact with a body and then the sound of her friend falling on the ground with a cry.
“Don’t resist,” Nathalie shouted frantically in their native French.  She was certain their abductors were uneducated and could only speak the local Creole, which they had been speaking since taking them captive.  “If we must speak, speak only in French.  Don’t let on that you understand Creole; if they think we don’t know what they’re saying, they might say something in front of us that we can use to help us escape.”
“These men have a reputation of killing their victims if they attempt to resist.  We must comply with their demands for the time being; cooperate, but say nothing and we may get out of this alive.”
The man holding Colette’s rope started pulling her along on the ground and shouting profanities; he wasn’t happy that she was making the ascent more difficult.  Her body was taking a terrible punishment.  She grabbed hold of the rope and struggled to her feet as best she could while in motion, determined that she would follow Nathalie’s instructions until they could find a way to escape.  She was terrified and sent prayers heavenward asking for wisdom and strength.
Unfortunately, Natalie was familiar with the tactics of her captors, giving her terrifying visions of what loomed ahead for them.  She was aware that the mafia often sent ears or fingers of kidnapped victims along with the ransom demands and many times the victims were never seen again, even after a ransom had been paid.  She knew the kidnappers wouldn’t go easy on them simply because they were women; after all, the largest percentage of their victims were helpless children.
Her head was throbbing painfully from the blow she had taken in the taxi.  As the rope jerked her along the path, she berated herself for not being more observant.  She now realized they must have been watched as they shopped, and as soon as they stepped away from the security of the men, the kidnappers had taken the opportunity to seize them.  She felt bad for Louis because she knew he would be blaming himself.
There was one thing she was absolutely sure of, her family would pinpoint their location and come for a rescue; possibly tonight, but no later than tomorrow evening.
Unbeknownst to their captors, she had a GPS embedded deep within her thigh.  The small incision had left no scar, so it would be undetectable to the kidnappers.  She prayed that she and Colette would be kept together and wouldn’t be raped and killed before help could arrive.  Being a realistic individual, she knew it would take a miracle for that to happen.
When they finally arrived at the camp, Nathalie and Colette were exhausted; they had stumbled uphill for almost an hour.  When their blindfolds were removed, they could see they were in a small clearing in a densely wooded area and they observed half a dozen rickety buildings randomly placed around a large cooking area.  The ropes around their waists were immediately tied to adjoining trees at the edge of the camp.


“Don’t let them see or hear us speaking to each other; it will make them mad and they might separate us.  We must stay together!” Nathalie whispered when the men had stepped out of sight.
The girls pretended to sleep and were so tired they did actually doze off several times despite their fear, their painful injuries, and their uncomfortable positions.
Colette estimated that it must be close to sunset when one of the men approached with water and food.
“Take it,” Nathalie instructed in French, as she reached for her portion.  “We must keep up our strength.”  When she spoke, she looked at their captor so he would think she was speaking to him.
As she lifted a fork full of food toward her mouth, the man said in Creole, “It’s poisoned; I hope you enjoy your last meal before it kills you.”
Nathalie smiled, and thanking him in French, she quickly started eating the fried beans and meat she had been handed.  Colette followed her lead and did the same.
* * * * *
It had taken almost the entire day for Emily to complete her statement to the police and sign the complaint against Jim.  She was thankful that John had insisted on staying by her side through the entire process.
The detectives had been very thorough in explaining what would happen if she signed the complaint, and asked her repeatedly to be certain she wanted to proceed with the charges.  Because they made her wait for hours between their questioning sessions, Emily concluded they were hoping she would back down.
“You realize that once you’re in court, Jim will say that you invited him over and initiated sex with him.  In fact, that is exactly what he told us.  Isn’t it true that you only decided to protest when your doctor boyfriend showed up?” they demanded with practiced contempt in their voices.
Emily was amazed that she had maintained her calm demeanor and neither she nor John had lost their tempers during the long ordeal.  They realized that the police were only doing their job and were making sure that Emily’s version of the ordeal was true.
“Gentlemen, your fellow officer is a sick man.  He has to be stopped before he attacks another woman.  The next victim might not be lucky enough to have someone show up at the last minute and rescue her,” she said with resolve.
Emily was tired when they finally returned home and relieved to hold her children in her arms again.  The kids had enjoyed their day with grandma and were looking forward to her taking them for lunch at the pizza parlor the next day.
Rebecca told them the phone had been ringing constantly since the newspaper had come out that afternoon with the story of the attack.  Her pastor and friends had been calling to let her know she was in their prayers.
John and Rebecca had insisted that she rest while they put supper on the table, so when the phone rang a few minutes later, Emily picked it up.  She didn’t recognize the number showing on the caller ID but figured it was another member of her church family checking up on her.
“Mrs. Pearson, you don’t know me, but I feel like I know you,” a woman’s voice spoke.  “I saw so many articles about your husband when he went away to service and then when he was killed.  I’m so glad they gave him the Medal of Honor, he deserved it.”
“Thank you, that is very kind of you to say,” Emily replied as she waited for the woman, who seemed very nervous, to identify herself.
“My name is Debbie Powell,” the woman stated.  “I saw the article in the paper today about Jim attacking you.  You were brave to press charges, and you’ve given me the courage to speak out.  Jim assaulted me three months ago.”
“We went out on two dates.  I’m a single mother and it’s hard for me to get a babysitter, so when Jim called for a third date, I had to turn him down.  It made him really angry and he came over that night and forced his way into my home; after beating me severely, he raped me.  I was so thankful that my baby was already in bed.”
“I was beginning to wonder if he was going to kill me when…thankfully…my parents happened to show up.  He held a knife to my throat and told me that he’d come back and kill both me and my baby if I said a word to anyone, then he left by the back door,” Debbie explained.
“I’m so sorry that this happened to you,” Emily said, wishing Debbie had been brave enough to press charges so Jim couldn’t have attacked her, but instantly realizing that she must not judge the woman harshly.
“Have you decided to tell the police?” Emily asked.
“I just got off the phone from a call with a Detective O’Brien.  He said he was the one working on your case.  I have to go in tomorrow and make a statement and sign a complaint,” Debbie explained.
“Debbie, I must warn you that they tried to get me to back down.  Do you think Detective O’Brien believed you since you didn’t come forward right away?” Emily asked.
“The fact that I hadn’t reported it immediately was the first thing he said to try and discredit me,” Debbie replied.  “Luckily, I have proof.  I explained to the detective that when my parents arrived after the rape and saw how badly Jim had beaten me, they wanted me to go right to the police,” she continued.  “When I told them he had threatened to kill me and Jessie if I told, they backed down.  They knew there was no way they could protect me and the baby from Jim while they were at work, and since he was a member of the police force, they weren’t sure the police would believe me.  However, they insisted that I go for a rape test.”
“Fortunately, my mother is a nurse; she works for Doctor Jones in Asheville.  We met him and another nurse at his office where he took samples of Jim’s semen and took pictures of my injuries.”
“Dad paid for me to go to an attorney who drew up a legal document detailing what had happened.  The attorney sent Jim a copy of the documents with a letter explaining it would be sent to the county’s Prosecuting Attorney if anything happened to me.”
“Thank goodness you were so thorough.  What did O’Brien have to say about believing you after you told him about your proof?” Emily asked.
“He apologized for doubting me and asked me to come to the station in the morning,” Debbie responded.  “Even though I had the threat of the legal document to hold over Jim’s head, I’ve been so afraid of him that I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since he raped me,” Debbie confided.
“When I saw that Jim was in jail, I was overcome with joy, but I also felt remorseful.  I’m sorry I didn’t have enough courage to get him off the streets; if I had, he wouldn’t have attacked you.  But, I was just so afraid that he would hurt my baby.”
“As a mother, I can certainly understand why you were afraid for your child’s safety.  The important thing is you have come forward now; my charges for assault and attempted rape wouldn’t have kept him in prison for very long.  With you coming forward with proof of a rape, and with Jim trying to rape again, it shows that he has a pattern of violence toward women.  Together we should be able to put him away for a very long time,” Emily declared.  “I’ll be praying for you to have strength tomorrow when you give your statement.”
When Emily concluded her call with Debbie, she went to tell John and Rebecca the good news.
“Let’s all pray for her and ask our friends to do the same,” Rebecca suggested.  “That poor girl has been living in terror for three months.  I’m so sorry this happened to you, Emily, but it looks like some good will come of what you went through.”
“I was thinking the same thing,” Emily confessed as she heard the phone ring again.
This time, John picked up the receiver.  From his end of the conversation, which was mostly the word “really” being said over and over again, Emily and Rebecca were wondering who could be on the other end.
“That was Detective O’Brien,” John said as he hung up the phone.  “He called to tell us that since the paper came out this afternoon, the police have received no less than three calls from women in town who say that Jim has raped them.  He also said that a detective from Nashville just called to say he saw the report the Black Mountain police had sent over the wire and Jim’s description matched that of a rapist who worked in their area a couple of years ago.  The man raped seven women, killing the last one before the rapes suddenly stopped.”
“O’Brien checked Jim’s personnel record and found that he had lived in Nashville during the time period of the rapes and the murder.  He had worked as a security guard at a large country music show before moving back to Black Mountain to take a job with the police department here,” John shared.  “The timing of his move to North Carolina coincides with the end of the crime spree in Tennessee.  A copy of Jim’s DNA will be sent to Nashville in the morning.”

“Detective O’Brien believes that since Black Mountain is a small town with a small police force, Jim realized that he was too much in the public’s eye; therefore, he changed his M.O. from raping women who didn’t know him, to raping women he could terrify into silence.”
“God bless you for being so brave, Emily,” Rebecca declared.  “If you hadn’t pressed charges against him, who knows when Jim would have been stopped,” Rebecca said, taking Emily in her arms and giving her a long hug.
By the following afternoon, Jim had pled guilty to the rapes and the murder, as he had no doubt that he had left traces of his DNA at the scenes of his crimes.
His attorney asked for an agreement where he would avoid the death penalty and serve his sentence of “life without parole” away from the general population since prisoners were often violent against former law enforcement individuals who ended up behind bars.
Both states agreed to his confession and the sentence in lieu of the expense the states would have to bear in order to gather proof and prosecute him.  In addition, Emily and the other women would be spared the humiliation of testifying against him.

CHAPTER  9

All of the family members and David, Brian, and DePaul’s top security men were in the den bent over a topographical map of Haiti trying to determine how they should advance an attack on the kidnapper’s hideout and rescue the girls.
Nathalie’s GPS was emitting a strong signal, which had become stationary approximately eight miles up the coast from Gonaïves.  She appeared to be in a mountainous area approximately a half-mile inland.  They could only pray that Colette was with her.
They knew the narrow winding road between the hideout and Gonaïves would make them vulnerable if they used it to retreat with the girls and decided they should go in by both land and the gulf to gird the camp, but everyone would escape by ship.
Examining the map, the men discussed the tedious climb up the side of the mountain to reach Nathalie and Colette, but they knew it was their only chance to get them out alive.  They were thankful that the elevation of the mountain wasn’t great; it was the need for silence as they climbed that was the problem.  A dislodged rock could give them away.  Because of the difficulty of such an approach, a rescue attempt wouldn’t be expected from that direction and the element of surprise would be on their side.
Unless the girls had been injured and were unable to walk, coming back down should be easy.
Every detail would be carefully planned and memorized by the rescue team.  Although everyone wanted to go to Gonaïves as soon as it was dark, they knew to do so would jeopardize lives and could result in a failed mission; they weren’t yet properly prepared.
They were relieved the women hadn’t been transported to the mafia’s inland stronghold which they shared with the drug cartel; it would have taken a small army to free them from that fortress.
* * * * *
Nathalie had counted at least eleven men moving around the camp.  She figured there was probably a half dozen more hidden in the surrounding jungle on guard duty.
A man called Brice appeared to be in charge of the encampment.  After nightfall, he approached the girls and told them to get up and go into a nearby hut.  Acting as though they didn’t understand his orders, they forced him to pull and shove them into a shelter.
Thankful the ropes around their waists had been removed, but having nothing to lie on but the dirt floor, they cautiously propped themselves up against the outer wall of the primitive hut.  The only light available was from the glow of several candles sitting on a table in front of a statue of the Virgin Mary and a picture of Jesus hanging on the cross.
Once she was sure they were alone, Colette scooted close to Nathalie so she could whisper to her without being overheard and asked about the makeshift altar.  “If these men are Catholic, why would they be involved in kidnapping?  How could they be followers of Christ and commit such horrific crimes?”
“We Haitians love to go to church; it’s a part of our culture.  Catholicism is the most widespread religion here,” Nathalie explained.  “But did you notice the skull and chicken bones next to the statue?  Although there are faithful Catholics in our country who try to stop such desecration, many Haitians practice a form of Catholicism mixed with Voodoo.”
“These people are very superstitious.  They believe that evil spirits cause illness and they look to their Voodoo practices for healing or the casting of curses on their enemies.  It’s a violent and dangerous cult.  We’ll receive no kindness from people who worship in this way; they have no real concept of Mary or of our Lord.”
Colette shivered at the thought of being at the mercy of people who practiced Voodoo.  They had to figure out a way to get free.  “Tomorrow, when they free our hands so we can use the latrine, we could climb out the back window and disappear into the trees,” she suggested.
“I’m sorry to crush your hope, Colette, but even if we could get out the window and make it to cover, they would recapture us within minutes and our punishment would be severe,” Nathalie explained.  “Besides, we have no compass and would quickly lose our way in the dense foliage.  Even if we could find the road, I doubt anyone would pick up two battered women; they would be afraid to become involved.”
“I’ve been waiting until we were alone to tell you that my father and brothers are sure to come.  It’s something that we’ve discussed as a family many times so that if any of us are ever kidnapped, we will be prepared to move fast.”
“They will do whatever is necessary to find our location and they will come in the dark,” Nathalie stated, remembering to keep her voice at a whisper.  “I don’t think that they will come tonight because they need time to plan and move into position.  Just in case I’m wrong, we must take turns staying awake.”
“I’ll take the first watch,” Colette said.  “If I hear any commotion, I’ll wake you.”
Nathalie wouldn’t mention the GPS imbedded in her thigh to Colette.  If they were tortured, she didn’t want Colette to be able to give away the only secret that would give them a chance to stay alive.
* * * * *
Although they tried, no one in the DePaul household slept much that night and once the sun rose, there would be no more chances for sleep until their mission was completed.
Just before dawn, Brian and David finally gave up their attempt to rest and decided they needed to call home one last time in the event something happened to them.  The two had no misconceptions about the dangers ahead; they were going into battle.
They would tell their loved ones about the kidnapping and ask for prayers, but they wouldn’t mention they would be involved in the rescue attempt.
Before making their calls, they explained to Simon what they were going to say.  They wanted to know if he thought there was any chance of their cell conversations being picked-up by the kidnappers making them suspicious and endangering the girls.
“They might be able to listen in on our home phone, but I don’t think they have the capacity to listen in on your cells,” Simon reflected.  “However, if they’re able to intercept your calls, it would seem only natural that you would call home to tell your families about the kidnappings.”
“Say something like, ‘the National Police are working on finding the girls and the DePaul’s are confident they will be returned safely’,” Simon advised.  “That way, if they’re listening, you’ll reinforce that we’re not taking matters into our own hands.”
“If there’s a chance your home phone is bugged, maybe it would be wise for you to call someone and do the same,” Brian suggested.  “It might seem strange if you don’t make any calls.”
“Good idea, young man,” Simon said slapping Brian on the back.  “I’ll call a few people and have Jacqueline do the same.”
David and Brian took their phones and headed for the terrace.  By calling early, they knew they would catch everyone at home.
Brian decided to call John and Rebecca first.  As he dialed their number, he thanked God for bringing Scott’s family into his life.
John answered the bedside phone, and hearing Brian’s voice, punched the speaker button so both he and Rebecca could hear and talk at the same time.
When they learned of the kidnapping, they promised to pray for safety and courage for the woman and the DePaul family.  They told Brian they would contact their church and place the request on their prayer line.
“I’m so glad the police are going to be able to get the girls back safely,” Rebecca remarked, restating what Brian had told them, but wondering if he was able to be completely honest concerning the Haitian authorities.
“While you were telling us about the kidnapping, I got a strange feeling that you and David are also in need of our prayers,” Rebecca added.  “Just know that we’ll be praying for you and everyone involved in this crisis…fervently and continuously…until you call to tell us the girls are home safe!”
“Brian, since you called home to talk to Emily the other day, Rebecca and I have been petitioning God daily to guide your future,” John told him.  “We want you to know that when you’re ready to come back to the States, you will always have a home with us.”
“We’re not suggesting that you can take Scott’s place, we know you can’t.  We’re saying that we would like to have the person who was Scott’s friend…and now ours…in our lives,” John stated with deep sincerity in his voice.
“Brian, we feel like your friendship is a gift from God,” Rebecca added.  “We want you to know that we love you.”
“Thank you both,” Brian replied, his voice shaky with emotion.  “I would like nothing better than to be a part of your lives, for I love the two of you like the parents I never knew.”
“I have to admit that I felt guilty for being alive and enjoying your hospitality when you cared for me while my shoulder was healing.  Since coming to Haiti, I’ve had a lot of time to reflect on my life.  I now realize that a friend as dear as Scott would never begrudge me the happiness of knowing the two of you.”
“Scott would be pleased that you were able to bring joy to our hearts,” John stated.  “Perhaps I’ll find a way to prove that to you someday.”  John was thinking about the last letter he had received from his son, delivered after his death.
“Are you going to call Emily?” John asked.  “She was so happy that you called her the other day.  I think she would like to hear from you again, and she has new information about Jim to share with you.”
John and Rebecca had become convinced that Brian and Emily were in love with each other and wanted to nudge him in her direction.
After Brian disconnected the call, he waited to get his emotions back under control before he phoned Emily.  He felt an urgency to declare his love to her but decided he must not, in case he was killed during the rescue.
The instant he heard her voice come over the phone, he knew he would move heaven and earth to get to her side; he longed to hold her in his arms as his wife.
* * * * *
Although they had known it was highly unlikely, the girls were disheartened when the sun came up and they hadn’t been rescued during the night.  With no glass in the window, they had spent the night in constant motion trying to fend off insects and neither had an opportunity to sleep.
They could hear men moving around the camp and could smell food cooking.  The girls knew the men would check on them soon.
“My family will be here for sure tonight,” Nathalie whispered.  “Don’t forget, we mustn’t give our captors any reason to separate us, so it’s important that we cooperate with them.  Remember not to let on that you understand what they’re saying; make them show you what they want us to do.”
Jules, one of the kidnappers, entered the hut and roughly pulled the girls to their feet, shoving them toward the door and directing them to the crude latrine, where they were allowed a short time of privacy.  Jules then shoved them toward the same area where they had been staked-out the day before, and their waists were again secured to the trees by the ropes.
Around mid-morning, a man the girls hadn’t seen before arrived at the camp.  He was much better dressed than the others were and had an air of confidence about him.  As they observed Brice and the other men fawning over him, it didn’t take long to realize he was their boss.
“I see you have been taking good care of our merchandise,” he complimented his men.  “I didn’t realize that they were going to be so attractive.”
“I believe they’re the prettiest girls we’ve ever snatched,” Brice proudly replied.  Walking over to the women, he forced them to stand and then ran his hands along their arms.  The girls towered a good four inches over him.
“We’re all anxious to have our turns with them, but as usual we waited for you to be the first to explore their bodies.  Which one would you like to start with?  I’ll take her to your hut and strip her for you,” Brice offered.  “The sooner you finish, the sooner we can start,” he lamely joked, leaving Alphonse with no uncertainty that his men were anxious to spend some time with the women.
Nathalie was sure she hadn’t been able to keep a passive face as Brice talked, but she hoped it would be assumed that her look of fear was in response to Brice’s hands which were now roaming freely over her body and not from the fact that she had understood the words he had spoken.
Colette thought she would surely faint and prayed for strength.  If she was about to be raped, she begged God to allow her to escape her mind until the men were finished with her.
“I’m afraid we’ll have to wait to try them out, at least for today,” Alphonse stated.  “It appears that the National Police are alarmed about pressure they’re getting from some high-up government officials who are threatening to clamp down on them.  These women have some connection to a report our government wants the U.S. to issue about how safe it is to come to Haiti for a vacation,” Alphonse laughed.
“Unfortunately, our connections at the police headquarters are demanding that the women remain unharmed,” he continued.  “I’m sure the head of the cartel will drop more money in the laps of the police and we’ll be able to take our pleasure with the little ladies tomorrow.  However, until we receive word that the problem has been settled, it’s hands off!  We don’t dare anger the man that hired us to do this job.”
“Now that I’ve seen them, I’m thinking we may be able to make a handsome profit by selling them to a friend of mine who has started buying children and beautiful women to sell to a high class whorehouse in Mexico,” Alphonse declared.  “Our boss will still get the ransom, but instead of killing them like we usually do, I’ll get a nice payoff that I plan to share with you.”
Alphonse then spoke in French to the women.  “I have been told that you can’t understand what my men are saying to you.  Do you speak French?” he inquired.
“Yes, we speak French,” Nathalie quickly answered for both of them.
“My men have reported that you haven’t given them any trouble; that’s good.  I can assure you, that if you don’t follow instructions, you will be severely punished,” Alphonse advised them.  “I must return to town immediately.  I just came to let the men know that if you don’t cooperate, they are to kill you instantly.”
“We won’t be any problem,” Colette sobbed.  “Please don’t leave us here alone with them.  We can’t understand what they want us to do.  Please stay with us,” she begged, hoping to appear helpless and compliant.
Alphonse was so conceited; he actually believed Colette was attracted to him.
“I would like nothing better than to stay here with the both of you in my cozy little hut; however, I will be back tomorrow morning and we’ll be able to get to know each other intimately,” Alphonse purred, taking Colette into his arms and forcing a kiss on her.
“Have you collected a ransom for us yet?” Nathalie asked, hoping to get Alphonse’s mind off Colette.  “Let us go home!” she begged.  “I’m sure my parents will give you anything you want.” 
“Oh, I’m sure they will, little lady.  If not, we‘ll be sending them some ‘souvenirs’ from your pretty little bodies,” He laughed.
Before Alphonse left the camp, he instructed Jules to untie the women.  “They’re so frightened that I’m sure they won’t give you any problems.  I don’t want their wrist and bodies all torn up by the ropes.  If we’re going to sell them, we’ll get more money if they’re not damaged.” he instructed.  “Put them in my hut, they’ll be more comfortable there and you won’t have to worry about them.”
He had seen the hungry looks the men were casting at the two women and he knew they were angry that they had to wait for their usual reward.  He wanted the women out of the men’s sight in case they weakened and decided not to wait for him to rape them first.  He knew some of the men had sexually transmitted diseases and he had no desire to rape someone they had already lain with.
After the women were inside his private hut with enough food and water to last until the next day, Alphonse locked the door and pocketed the key.
“This is a big improvement over the hut we spent last night in!” Colette whispered.  “It appears that Alphonse enjoys his high status when he’s in camp.”
It was only a one-room structure but it had a double bed, a table with three chairs; and, although its two high windows were small, they had glass in them to keep out the insects.  The room was built three feet off the ground so the floor would remain dry during the rainy season.
When Colette and Nathalie were sure that Alphonse had left the camp, they meticulously searched the hut.  They had almost given up hope of finding anything that would help them get away when they located a small table knife that lay forgotten in the bottom of a basket.
“It’s not much, but it may save our lives,” Nathalie stated.  “Now we have to get some sleep.  My family will come when it’s dark; we have to be rested and ready to flee.”
* * * * *
Late that afternoon, a beat-up looking van with darkly tinted windows backed into an open spot in a long line of vehicles parked in the shade of palm trees along the highway outside the historically violent town of Gonaïves.
The poorly dressed driver climbed out and quickly unloaded his handcrafted baskets from the front seat.  Like the others in the long line of hopeful peddlers, he tossed an old blanket on the ground and arranged his merchandise on it, then sat down to wait for customers.
He was a little surprised at the interest in his baskets; after selling several, he raised his prices to an amount he felt would be refused without appearing to be so expensive people would guess he didn’t want to sell them.  If he sold out of baskets too early, he would have to leave before the appointed time and risk the success of his mission.
At dusk, he still had several baskets left.  When the other hawkers in the line started loading their goods back into their vehicles to leave for the day, he did the same.
The mafia group that operated out of Gonaïves not only kept a close watch on everyone living in their town, but they carefully observed those coming and going along the highway.  That wasn’t an easy feat in a city of 300,000, but the mafia – with its work that complemented that of the drug cartel – had many members, allowing them a powerful and long reach of unlawful activity.
Heading the van out of town and on up the coast, he traveled very slowly.  There was absolutely no doubt that he had been observed by several groups of menacing men who were parked on both sides of the highway, sizing up the traffic as it passed by.  He knew they were on a heightened alert looking for a rescue attempt.  A lot was at stake, the leadership of the cartel and the mafia would  be very unhappy if they lost their bargaining chips.
At this point, he would now be considered a harmless old man who scraped a living out of selling his wares, driving a dilapidated old van that could barely pull its own weight along the coastal highway.  His enemies would have been surprised to learn that under the hood was a powerful Hemi engine that had been tweaked to run at speeds well over 120 miles an hour.
Because of the false cover he had created, he was confident he wouldn’t be followed from town; if he had simply driven past the flea market and hadn’t displayed his wares, there was a good chance he would have been tailed, making his mission impossible to complete.
The old van ambled along the winding road, allowing time for complete darkness to fall.  Eight miles out of town, the driver reached the less populated area he was looking for.  As he rounded a sharp corner, having made sure there were no vehicle lights close behind him and seeing there were none coming toward him, he pulled sharply onto the shoulder.
Immediately the passenger’s side door of the van slid open and two darkly dressed men bailed out.  Quickly closing the door, they vanished into the heavy cover of trees and dense foliage, glad to finally stretch after being concealed in the van for hours.
The first two members of the rescue team were heavily armed; guided by the GPS signal, they would traverse the dim path the girls had been forced to climb the previous day.  
The van pulled off the shoulder and continued slowly up the road.
* * * * *
Thankfully, the weather had cooperated and was threatening rain, thus blocking the moon behind a thick cover of clouds as the “Jacqueline”, running under blackout orders, glided quietly over the gulf waters to anchor off the coast below the girls’ location.  The ship, with her ebony hull and black sails, was almost impossible to detect in the darkness.
Jacqueline, who had come along on the rescue, longed to go to her daughter’s side because she realized that there was little chance that Nathalie and Colette had not only been raped but had also been viciously beaten and tortured.  However, she knew that her presence would only slow the men down so she would stay aboard and continue to pray for everyone’s safety as she helped the crew guard the ship.
As they left the area, there would no longer be a need for stealth, and the powerful diesel engine must be ready to roar to life the very second the group set foot back onto the deck and the anchor lifted.
Simon would leave the ship with them, but he wouldn’t be joining the battle.  He knew he could no longer keep pace with the young men by his side.  He would remain with the two rafts and, if necessary, protect them with force should any of the kidnappers stumble across their hiding place.
Four highly trained security experts would accompany the DePaul brothers, David and Brian.  Before slipping over the side of the ship into the two Zodiac rafts, the men programmed the ship’s location into their GPS devices so they could make a direct path back to the “Jacqueline” on their return trip.  There would be no time for guesswork once the girls were in their possession.
Ramon, now a board certified surgeon practicing in Saint Marc, had come with them.  Fearing the girls might be in need of immediate medical care if they had been severely tortured, he refused to wait on the ship.  Christian, one of the crewmembers, volunteered to accompany him and provide assistance in carrying the medical supplies.  They also carried weapons to help provide cover as they brought up the rear of the group.   
Everyone wore dark clothing.  Under their balaclavas, they had the latest technology available in head mikes that would enable them to hear and talk to each other at a whisper.  Thin black gloves, which wouldn’t interfere with the handling of their AK47’s, covered their hands to conceal their light colored skin.  The guns were equipped with powerful night scopes.
Extra ammunition and grenade launchers were slung across their backs and sheaths around their waists held wicked looking knives.  Each man carried night vision goggles, which they would put on as soon as they reached the shore.
Once the men were in the Zodiacs, they each grabbed an oar and started to paddle; they could take no chance on the kidnappers hearing the powerful outboard motors attached to the vessels until they were returning to the ship.
* * * * *
Back at Saint-Marc, the employees of the shipping firm and those who helped at the house were packing and crating up all the DePaul’s personal belongings – a job they had covertly started the previous day.  It wouldn’t be possible for anyone on the rescue mission to ever return to Saint-Marc.  The business and home would be sold.
Luckily, Simon and Jacqueline had realized this day would eventually come and had been secretly arranging to move their family and any of their employees who wished to leave to France.  All but two of their employees would be leaving and bringing their families along.
Over the past year, they had been quietly shipping their family heirlooms, keepsakes, and valuable papers to their estate in France, which Jacqueline had inherited at the death of her parents.
They had slowly deposited the bulk of their money offshore in case the cartel put pressure on the government to confiscate their funds in retaliation for their refusal to cooperate.  If anyone was monitoring their account, it would appear that their shipping business was struggling financially.
It had been fortuitous, but fortunate, that Simon had directed the “Jacqueline”, and the schooner that went to her aid, to anchor in the cove beneath their home.  It made it possible for the rescue team to steal aboard the yacht under the cover of darkness, and without anyone being aware, the schooner was now being loaded with the few  remaining important items from their home.
A similar scene was playing out at their warehouses.  Crews had arrived and every seaworthy vessel was ready to sail with their precious cargo of people and supplies.
The moment the captain of the rescue ship heard gunfire, he would radio a prearranged coded message back to the shipping company alerting them that the attack at the kidnapper’s camp was in progress, and the entire fleet would immediately sail away from Haiti.  They would set their course to the harbor at Matthew Town on Great Inagua Island and wait there for the “Jacqueline” to arrive.
The island was the closest to their location in Haiti and boasted a small airport.  If needed, a medical rescue plane could touch down and take Colette or Nathalie to a skilled trauma center in Florida.
Once the “Jacqueline” was safely at the rendezvous location, the ships would proceed to the U.S. to prepare for their transatlantic crossing.
* * * * *
“Colette, my dad had us run though different scenarios so we would know what to do if we were ever kidnapped and knew a rescue was imminent,” Nathalie explained.  “If at all possible, we’re to place something personal outside the location where we’re being held.  It’s dark enough now for us to hang something out of these windows; see if you can get one of them open while I take off my bra.”
Colette was amazed at how thorough Simon had been with his children’s training and she was thankful that she hadn’t grown up in a country where such precautions were necessary.  She moved the small chair beneath a window so she could stand on it.
“Neither of these windows will budge,” she told Nathalie after struggling with both.
“Here, pry at them with the table knife, but try not to make any noise,” Nathalie cautioned.
Finally, she was able to get one of the windows to swing out.  Colette held securely to the bra as she shut the window on one of its straps to keep it from falling to the ground.  It was white with bright red flowers; it should be easy to spot if you were looking for a signal, as their rescue team would be doing.  Hopefully, their kidnappers wouldn’t walk behind the hut, but if they did, with any luck, they wouldn’t look up.
The girls were thankful that Alphonse had locked the door to the hut just in case their abductors should find the bra and think that it was an invitation to party with their captives; they were confident that Alphonse had the only key.
“Now, we must stay away from the door and wait for them to arrive.  When they get here, they will probably shoot the lock off the door.  We don’t want to be in the line of fire or we might be hit,” Nathalie stated as the girls climbed to a safe location on the bed.
* * * * *
The camp had been quiet for hours.  Time seemed to crawl by as Nathalie and Colette anxiously waited for something to happen.  They both jumped when they heard the lock on their door rattle as someone attempted to open it.
“They’re here,” Nathalie whispered.  The two girls hugged each other with joy, but that joy soon turned to terror.
“Hurry up, Jules,” Brice ordered in a quiet voice.  “If you take all night picking that lock, we’re not going to have much time to spend with the ladies.”
The women could hear the men talking and realized what was about to happen.  Nathalie instructed, “Take your time following any of their orders.  I know my family is on the way, but if they don’t get here in time, we will be raped…and we will cooperate so we can live.  Do you understand what I’m saying, Colette?  Don’t give them a reason to kill you.  These men will pay for what they’re about to do to us!”
As the girls waited anxiously for the door to open, they held each other and prayed to God to give them the strength to endure what was about to happen to them.
Outside the hut, Brice was still giving Jules instructions as he worked on the lock.  “Remember, we must not tear their clothing or leave any marks on them that Alphonse can see.  Once we get inside and are ready, I’ll take the first one I can get my hands on and you grab the other one.  We’ve got to get the gags in their mouths before we rape them.  I don’t want the rest of the men hearing their screams.  They’d come running and want to join in on the fun; Alphonse would know for sure if we all have a turn with them.”
“I haven’t had a woman in months,” Jules declared.  “Don’t forget, I want to have them both!”
“Don’t worry; when we finish with one, we’ll switch women,” Brice declared, excitedly.
* * * * *
It had taken the rescue team over two hours to climb quietly to the camp.  The distance hadn’t been great, but besides their need for silence, they couldn’t take any chance of unknowingly crossing the path of a sentry and giving themselves away.
When they were ready to encircle the camp, they used their headsets to talk with the men who had been dropped from the van.  The two reported that they had subdued the lookout left on guard on the path, set the necessary booby traps – in case someone came up from the road – and were now guarding the trail.
As the team spread out, they observed five different targets on watch outside the camp; they were glad to see they were relaxed and not expecting company.  The men quickly and quietly overpowered the guards they had located, snapping their necks.  Not a one had been given a chance to make a sound.
“I have the girls’ marker in sight,” Louis reported from his position behind the encampment.  They’re in a hut near the center of the campsite; it’s the one built up off the ground.  Do you see it?”
“Roger,” both David and Henri replied.
Simon had chosen Henri and David to break the girls free.  The others were to create a diversion to draw the kidnappers away from the camp.  He had realized that his son was fond of Colette, and David of Nathalie.  He was afraid that if they were in the group selected to distract the gang, they might lose their concentration worrying about what was occurring at the girl’s location.  Such an error could be deadly.
With their night vision goggles, the men could observe what was happening in the camp.  “It looks to me like the door to that hut is slightly ajar,” David spoke into his headset.
“Wait, wait, don’t shoot and stay concealed,” Henri whispered frantically into his headset to the men who were ready to start the diversion.  “I think something is happening in the hut.  A dim light just appeared.  Give David and me some time to get closer; we’re going to have to go slow.  If you hear yelling, then start shooting.”
* * * * *
Once Brice had the lock jimmied open, he and Jules hurried inside the hut and lit several candles and a lantern they had brought with them.  They wanted to be able to have a good view of the women’s bodies.  They were delighted to find them sitting submissively on the bed and quickly had the gags in place.  It had been much easier than they had expected.
Pulling the women to their feet, they motioned for them to undress.  Both men held large knives in their hands which they threateningly waved before the women.
The men stood in awe as the women’s bodies were slowly revealed.  Once Colette and Nathalie were completely naked, the men decided they would also undress so they would have the pleasure of feeling their skin against that of the women.  They were so aroused and excited that they kept stumbling around as they pulled off their pants.  It was obvious that they had been drinking; they were giggling like schoolgirls.
When his clothes were finally in a jumbled pile on the floor, Brice grabbed Nathalie and threw her across the bed.  He climbed on top of her and started fondling her breasts, kissing and biting her, but he remembered not to leave marks.
Jules pulled Colette down onto the floor, grumbling that Brice had seniority and got the use of the comfortable bed, but he soon forgot his grievances as he explored Colette’s lovely form.
The stench of the unwashed bodies of the men made it hard for the girls not to retch.  They knew they must not anger the men, but were both trying to put up a slight struggle in order to buy more time.  They were so terrified of what was about to happen that they didn’t realize two more men had entered the hut.
Neither Brice nor Jules heard the soft creak of the door or the muffled footsteps moving toward them.  Seconds later, they were dead and their bodies were lifted quietly off the girls and deposited onto the floor.
“Quick, put your clothes on and don’t make a sound,” David uttered as he untied Nathalie’s gag and Henri removed Colette’s.  “We’ve got to get out of here as fast as possible.”
The men turned their backs to give the girls some privacy.
“We’re ready,” both girls whispered, less than a minute later.
The men gave them the extra rifles they had carried, in case the girls were in good enough condition to shoot, and then darkened the room so they could crack the door open again to watch for trouble.
“We have the girls,” Henri whispered into his headset as he pulled Colette into his arms and hugged her tight.  With that remark, the night erupted into pandemonium.
As hoped, the kidnappers sleeping in the surrounding huts grabbed their guns and headed toward the action.  When the coast appeared clear, the two couples ran from the hut bent over and continued into the trees where they immediately flattened themselves onto the ground until they could determine if it was safe to proceed.
Henri rapidly came to a conclusion.  “Follow me.  Move!  Move!  Move!” he exclaimed to the women as he ran in a crouch in the direction indicated by the GPS.  Using the night goggles, David brought up the rear as he carefully watched and determined no one was tailing them.
Five minutes later, the couples reached Ramon and Christian where they waited for instructions from the rescue team.
“Do either of you have any injuries?” Ramon anxiously asked the girls.
“Nothing serious, they were waiting till tomorrow to start their fun,” Nathalie stated.  “Praise God, you found us in time!”
“If you had arrived a few seconds later, we would have been raped,” Colette stated.  “The men in the camp had been given orders not to touch us until their boss had a turn with us first; he was waiting for the go ahead from his source that is embedded with the police.  The two you found in our hut had decided they didn’t want to wait.”
Colette’s voice was shaking and Henri knew she was suffering from the shock of what had just happened.  He pulled her into his arms to wait for the battle to be over.  Colette held tightly onto him, and when their lips met, there was no doubt of their feelings for each other.
David reached over and pulled Nathalie into his embrace.  The night was cool and she was thankful for the warmth of his body.  She laid her head on David’s chest and was amazed at how safe she felt in his arms.
“I was only expecting my family, David.  Thank you for risking your life to come for me,” Nathalie whispered so the others couldn’t hear.
“Once Brian and I found out your family was planning a rescue, nothing was going to keep us from coming along,” David explained. 
“I know it may seem sudden, but if for some reason we don’t make it out of here alive I want you to know that I love you, Nathalie,” David confessed.  “Will you be my wife?”
“Yes, oh, yes, I’ll be your wife!  I love you, too!” Nathalie declared.
“I  never dreamed I would propose to a woman in a jungle in the middle of a firefight!” David exclaimed.
“Just think of the wonderful story we will have to tell our children!  I want lots and lots of children, David,” Nathalie whispered in his ear before he gave her a kiss she would never forget.
The sounds of the firefight hadn’t lessened, but they were confident of what the outcome would be as they waited in the darkness.  The firing became louder and they could tell the men were retreating fast in their direction.  The six of them gathered up their guns and prepared to fire at the kidnappers once their men reached them.
Suddenly their headsets came alive.  “We have a casualty; Brian has been hit.  I can’t tell if he’s still breathing,” Louis’ voice shouted.  “Alexandre and I have him.  Wait until we’re all behind you and then start shooting.  Ramon, be ready to see if you can help him.”
Seconds later, they saw Alexandre and Louis holding Brian under his arms, dragging him along the rough forest floor.  They dropped him in front of Ramon and turned to join the others who were firing into the darkness, creating a curtain of death around them that their enemies wouldn’t be able to penetrate.
Ramon cut Brian’s shirt from his chest while Christian held a light on the wound so the doctor could see what needed to be done.  In his other hand, he held the backpack at an angle to shield the light from the enemy.
“When can we move back?” Alexandre questioned urgently over the headset.
“He’s alive, but he’s hurt bad; he’s losing a lot of blood.  You’ve got to keep them penned down until I can clamp a blood vessel and slow this bleeding, then I have to get an I.V. started,” Ramon calmly replied as he franticly worked to save Brian’s life.
David kept Nathalie at his side; she could handle an AK47 as well as any of the men and with Brian hit, they needed all the help they could get to pin down the remaining gang members while Ramon worked on Brian.
Although Henri had given Colette instructions on using their different weapons, she hadn’t had the extensive training his sister had been given; training that could mean the difference between life and death, so he took her rifle and sent her to assist Ramon.
Ramon had never been so glad for his trait of carrying more medical supplies than he could possibly use, a peculiarity his cohorts had often used to made fun of him.  This time his habit just might save a life.
Finally, he had Brian stabilized.  The two men rolled him onto one of the collapsible stretchers they had brought along in case Colette or Nathalie was seriously injured.
“Christian, you and I are going to have to carry him down this mountain as fast as we can go,” Ramon said.  “Thank goodness, he’s not conscious or he would be screaming from the pain we’re about to cause him.”
“Colette, stay as close as you can,” Ramon instructed as he handed her the I.V. pouch.  “If that line comes out, we’ll have to stop while I attempt to find another vein.”
“We’re on the move,” Ramon yelled into his headset to make sure the men could hear him over the sounds of their firearms.
Colette struggled to keep the bottle with the lifesaving fluid high as she ran beside the stretcher.  Brush and tree limbs would catch or trip the three as they sprinted along; first one of them and then the other would fall, jostling Brian so badly he would cry out even though he was unconscious.  They had no choice but to get up and continue on.
Behind them, the battle still raged.  The men and Nathalie would form a line, then half would retreat twenty or thirty yards, while the rest would lay down cover fire into the trees, and then those in front would withdraw as the team members behind fired over their heads into the forest.  They repeated this procedure, which they had practiced as a team the day before, over and over as they backed down the mountain.
Simon could hear them coming and pulled the Zodiacs far enough into the water so they were ready for everyone to scramble aboard.  Then he waited and continued to pray.
“God, please keep my children and the others safe.  You have answered so many of my prayers in impossible situations.  Now I come to you again and beg you to have mercy on me and save these lives that are in danger.  In the name of Jesus, I pray.”
It had started to rain and Ramon and Christian were having a difficult time carrying Brian as they slipped and slid in the mud as they traversed down the side of the mountain; Colette was fearful that she would rip the I.V.’s connection from his arm every time she or one of the men fell down.
It felt like time stood still and they were making no headway whatsoever, when Ramon shouted, “We’re almost there!  I can see the water through the trees.”
The gunfire behind them had trickled to only an occasional burst as the three reached the water’s edge and ran into the gentle waves and deposited Brian into the closest raft.
“What happened?  Who’s hurt?” Simon asked frantically.
“Brian took a shot in his chest,” Ramon responded.  “He’s in bad shape.”
Colette did what she could to help Ramon with Brian as Christian took over the care of the Zodiac they were in, freeing Simon to have the other one ready to go.
Within minutes, the men started running from the trees.  When half the group had climbed into his raft, Christian took off with a roar.
Once the last person climbed into the remaining raft, Simon leaped in to start the motor, but was shot and fell back into the water.  As the men fired into the tree line, Alexandre jumped back into the water to aid his father.  Grabbing him, he threw him into the bottom of the Zodiac.  Louis pulled Alexandre into the raft, started the outboard, and sped after Christian, both following their GPS directions to the ship.
* * * * *
The “Jacqueline” used both its diesel engine and sails as the ship pulled away from the coast of Haiti headed for Matthew Town.  After an hour, the inclement weather passed and the sea became calm.
An emergency operating room had been set up in the main salon and Ramon was repairing what he could of Brian’s injuries.  Brian’s breathing was shallow and without the high tech equipment Ramon needed to finish his repairs, he had his doubts that Brian would live to reach Matthew Town and the airlift emergency flight ordered via the ship’s radio.
Collette and Nathalie did their best to assist Ramon as he worked.  Once he had done everything he could for Brian, he went to check on Simon.
The gunshot wound to Simon’s back hadn’t hit any vital organs, but he had suffered a heart attack moments after coming aboard; no doubt brought on not only by the gunshot wound, but by the shock of the events unfolding during the past three days.
“Simon, it sounds like your heart has been severely damaged.  I can’t be certain without the proper diagnostic equipment, but I don’t believe you will be able to live for more than a few hours.  I will do everything I can to help you stay comfortable, but I think you should talk to each member of your family and say your goodbyes,” Ramon sadly told him.  “I’m sorry, Simon.  I wish there was something I could do.”
“Ramon, thank you for coming on this rescue trip,” Simon spoke at a whisper.  He was obviously in pain and his irregular breathing was making it difficult for him to speak.
“I’m sorry that you’ll now have to give up your practice in Haiti for us,” Simon told him.
“Don’t worry about that,” Ramon replied.  “When my parents told me they were going to leave Haiti with you, once you decided it was no longer safe to stay, I decided to return to France with them.  A colleague of mine has already told me he would like to merge my practice with his.  It’s no hardship on my part, and I’m so thankful that you have made it possible for my parents to leave.”
While Ramon gave Simon a shot to ease his pain, Jacqueline went topside to fetch their children to their father’s bedside.  After they each had time to talk with him, he asked to be carried to the deck where he could watch the stars with his wife.
The diesel engine had been turned off; the sounds of the bow breaking the water and the sails catching the wind gave a feeling of peace.
“Jacqueline, it looks like I’m going to have to leave you months before we thought.  I love you so dearly.  You have been a wonderful helpmate.  God blessed me when he sent you my way.”
“Oh, Simon, I love you and wish we still had years together, but I promise not to waste our last few minutes crying,” Jacqueline told her husband as she cuddled with him on the large deck recliner and they watched the galaxy slip by over their heads.
“When you’re lonely, look up at the sky, Jacqueline; I’ll be among that great cloud of believers watching from above.  Before long, we’ll all be together again, kneeling before the throne of God where we will praise His name forevermore,” Simon whispered.
They shared a deep kiss and then Simon stepped into the presence of our Lord.
Jacqueline held her husband’s body for a long time before she went to tell the children that he was gone.
Alexandre and Louis carried Simon back to his suite where Jacqueline washed her husband’s body and dressed him in clean clothing for the last time.  As she did so, she finally allowed herself to cry – her heart was breaking.
When she finished, she allowed her children back into the room.
“Kids, we’ve kept a lot of secrets from you lately; one of them concerned your father’s health.  He was diagnosed with terminal cancer last month.  There are no treatments available that would have helped him, and the doctors only gave him six months to a year to live.  He was looking at a terribly painful death,” Jacqueline explained.
“I would like to have kept him with me for as long as possible, but I can’t help but praise God that he was able to die sailing the seas and watching the stars during his last moments.  He died happy, knowing his children are safe and sailing toward a new life.  Be glad for your father, and with God’s help, we’ll support each other through this sorrow.”

CHAPTER  10

It was four in the morning when Emily woke to the sound of the bedside phone.  As she reached to pick it up, she wondered who could possibly be calling this early.
“Emily, I just got a call from SamariWorldCare in Haiti,” John exclaimed.  “Brian has been shot and is on a yacht headed for an airport where an evacuation plane is waiting to fly him to a trauma center in Miami, Florida.  They didn’t have any details except that he is in critical condition and may not be able to reach help in time.  Rebecca and I suspect it must have something to do with the kidnappings.”
“I’m getting ready to call the airport and get tickets on the first available plane to Miami.” John continued.  “Rebecca is packing a bag to come and stay with the kids in case you want to come with me.  Will you, Emily?  If he lives long enough to reach Florida, I think Brian is going to need you.”
“Of course, I’ll come,” Emily answered.  “I’ll throw a few things in my overnight bag and be ready when you get here.”
When John found out there were no direct flights available, he chartered a private jet to fly them to Miami from the regional airport in Asheville; he felt there was no other way to get there in time.
They arrived at the hospital moments before Brian was wheeled into the emergency room.  He was barely alive and was immediately taken into surgery; there had been no time for John or Emily to see him.  His surgeon took just enough time to tell them he didn’t expect Brian to live.
Brian surprised the doctor by pulling through the surgery, but for the next three days, it was touch and go.  He looked so bad; machines were keeping him alive and they were afraid God would soon be calling him home.  John was thankful he had Brian’s “Power of Attorney for Health Care” with him; many medical decisions had to be made, and Brian had to be taken back into surgery twice.
Time and again, Emily and John were told he only had moments to live and were allowed to come to his bedside to hold his hands and talk to him; each time Emily would beg Brian to come back to her and the kids.
David had called the first day and filled them in on what had happened in the mountains of Haiti.  Emily and John were thankful that the girls had been safely rescued, but they were sorry to hear that Simon had died.
“Emily, since you and John are at Brian’s side, I’m going to continue the voyage to Miami with the DePaul’s; we’re all praying for him,” David told his sister.  “We should be there in another four days and will come directly to the hospital.  I have some important news to share with you, but I want to wait until I can tell you in person.”
Emily and John took turns going to their hotel to sleep or to the cafeteria for food.
While they sat in the waiting room, they never stopped praying; and when the noise from the families of other trauma patients would become so excessive they couldn’t concentrate, one of them would go to the chapel.  Through various churches around the world, prayers were going up to Heaven for Brian.  Everything that could be done for him was being done.
John had grabbed his Bible when he left home and he found comfort in reading God’s Word as he waited hour after hour to hear from Brian’s doctor.
Four or five times a day, they would call home to talk to Rebecca and update her on Brian’s condition.  Emily would visit with Steven and Jessica telling them how much she loved them and reminding them to be good for their grandmother.
On the fourth day, the doctor came to give them more grim news on Brian’s condition; but for the first time, there was a glimmer of hope.
“Brian has shown some improvement during the night.  That young man is a fighter; he must have a deep desire to live.  If his vital signs continue to get stronger, I’ll allow you to spend more time with him each hour,” the doctor informed them.  “He’s not yet conscious, but continue to talk to him and hold his hand; let him know that you are there.”
“He’s not out of the woods yet, so I don’t want you to get your hopes too high,” the doctor added.  “Although we think we’ve repaired all his injuries, he’s lost a lot of blood; it was a terrible shock to his system and he may still die.  There’s a possibility his heart wasn’t able to pump an ample blood supply for his brain to have enough oxygen.  If he does survive, we aren’t sure if he will be able to live a normal life; it’s likely he will be in a vegetative state.”
“John, I want to go to the chapel to pray,” Emily said when the doctor left them.
“Go ahead, Emily.  If there’s any change, I’ll come and get you.  Keep believing God will answer your prayers.  Our God is a God of miracles.”
When Emily arrived at the chapel, she was glad to see that she had it to herself.  She walked to the front and knelt at the altar.
“Heavenly Father, please place your healing power on Brian’s broken body.  I know that no matter how bad he’s hurt…no matter how little oxygen his brain received…you can make him whole.  I love him, Lord; I didn’t realize it until I saw him lying at death’s door.  I don’t know if I can stand to lose another love so soon after losing Scott.”
“There’s so much about life that doesn’t make sense to me.  I don’t understand why my precious Scott lost his life in battle, but I now know that you took the tragedy and turned it to good; six of his men and so many others have come to know your saving grace because of his death.”
“I don’t understand why evil people like the ones who shot Brian seem to surround us on all sides, but I know that you are more powerful than any evil that exists and can use what happened to Brian to change lives.”
“God, if you take Brian home to be with you, please grant me a chance to tell him I love him and to say goodbye.  How I wished I could have said goodbye to Scott when he died.”
“I know you love me and my children, and I trust you.  May your will be done.”
Emily continued to pour her heart out to God for several more minutes, then dried her eyes and headed back to the waiting room to be with John.
Before she could get there, she saw him running down the long hallway toward her.  She was terrified that he was bringing her bad news, but as he neared, she could see a radiant smile on his face.
“Emily, Brian’s nurse just came out to tell me that he’s awake!  He can’t talk because of the tube down his throat, but he indicated he wanted something to write on.  He wanted to know if they had got the girls out alive,” John exclaimed, and drew Emily into his arms to hug her close.
“They can’t believe it; she said it’s a miracle!  The doctor was still in the hospital making rounds and he’s now removing the tube from Brian’s throat so he can talk,” John continued.  “The nurse said that we can see him soon.”
Thirty minutes later, the doctor again came out to talk to Emily and John.  “I want you to know there’s no way I can describe Brian’s condition to you except to tell you that he has experienced a miracle.  If I hadn’t seen this for myself, I would swear this couldn’t be the same man who lay with a foot inside death’s door just this morning.”
“From our visits, I know you’re both people of faith,” the doctor remarked.  “Over the years that I’ve been practicing medicine, I’ve seen God perform miracles on many of my patients when I could do no more to help them.  I have no doubt that God has healed your friend.”
“When I took the tube out of his throat, the first thing he wanted to know was where he was at.  He was shocked to find out that he’s in Miami.”
He has a lot of questions about what happened in Haiti.  I told him I didn’t have the answers but that you were here and I would send you in; he’s anxiously waiting to see the two of you,” the doctor informed them.
“He’s strong enough that I’ll allow you to stay for fifteen minutes each hour, but still…only one at a time.  If he continues to improve at this rate, we’ll move him out of intensive care tomorrow,” the doctor added, shaking his head in disbelief.
Emily told John he should go in first to see Brian; she would wait for the following hour.
Picking up his Bible, John headed to Brian’s side to update him on the information David had shared with them on the phone.
“Brian, I’m only allowed fifteen minutes to visit with you before they chase me out,” John said as he clasped Brian’s hand.  “I’m going to give you a brief outline of what happened after you were shot and then I’ll answer more of your questions when I’m allowed back in.”
Brian was saddened when he learned of Simon’s death.  He told John about Simon’s great love for God.  “I’m confident that God took him home so he won’t have to suffer,” Brian expressed when John told him about Simon’s cancer.  “Knowing what he was facing if he had lived, it’s impossible to stay sad, but I’m glad he lasted long enough to know that the girls’ rescue was a success and to die peacefully in Jacqueline’s arms.”
“Brian, now that I’ve updated you on your friends, I have a serious question to ask you.  Do you love Emily?  I expect an honest answer from you.” 
“Yes, John, I do love her.  I tried not to, but from the time I saw her and the children helpless before that charging bear, I knew that I loved all three of them.”
“Is that why you took the job in Haiti?” John asked.
“Yes, I was running away.  I felt like it would betray the friendship I had with Scott to pursue Emily,” Brian explained.  “If I had stayed, I don’t think I could have continued to hide my feelings.  Also, I was worried about what you and Rebecca would think.”
“Rebecca and I figured out you had feelings for Emily the first week you stayed with us.  When you called back to check on her after Jim’s attack, we decided by her remarks that she was also in love with you, although we’re not sure she knows it yet.”
“Do you remember when you called from Haiti and I told you that I hoped to be able to prove to you someday that Scott would have been happy that you are in our lives?”
“Since you’ve been honest about loving Scott’s family, I want to read you a note that was sealed inside the last letter my son wrote to me before he died.  On the outside of the note was written ‘Read only at my death’.  The letter and note had been sent home with his body.”
“I’ve been keeping it in my Bible since the day the bear attacked you; and every day, I pray about the message Scott sent me.  I’ve been asking God to give me wisdom on how to grant my son’s request.”
Dad,
Because you’re reading this letter, you know that I’m no longer on earth, but in Heaven with God.
After accepting Christ, I have come under conviction that God has a plan for me, and I won’t be coming home to Emily and the children.  You know how much I long to come back to her and the kids, and I promise you, I will do everything in my power to do so.
However, it came to me last night that I if I die, I would like for you to help my best friend, Brian.  He accepted Christ at the Easter service the same day that I did.  He’s a wonderful man of great character.  Please don’t consider me crazy, but I have come to believe that after my death, he and Emily will become close; but both of them will feel like they’re betraying my love if they act upon their feelings.
If I can’t be there, Brian is the kind of man I would want to guide my children into adulthood; he’s such a caring person, I know he could make Emily happy.  If I’m right, and you see the two of them have fallen in love but are staying apart out of loyalty to me, please find a way to let them know I would bless their union.
You and Mom have done so much for me through my life, I know I can depend on you to help with this, my last request of you.
I’ll see you both in Heaven.
Your loving son,
Scott
By the time John finished reading the letter, both he and Brian were crying.
“I will never have another friend like Scott,” Brian stated.  “If Emily will consent to be my wife, with God’s help, I will do everything I can to live up to Scott’s expectations of me.”
“Emily is waiting for her turn to visit with you,” John told Brian.  “She’ll have to wait for the allowed time, so you have about forty-five minutes to plan what you’re going to say to her.  I’m going to call Rebecca and the two of us will be praying that God will give you the right words to say.
Young man, I hope the next time it’s my turn to come to your bedside, I will be welcoming you into our family.”

EPILOGUE

Brian and Emily
Once John had read Scott’s letter to him, Brian was able to put his fears about loving Scott’s family behind him.  His confidence and cheerful personality returned and his sparkling eyes and friendly charisma was again part of his life.  As he dressed for his wedding to the woman he loved more than life itself, he started whistling and was shocked as he realized that he hadn’t whistled a tune since Scott’s death.
Brian stopped in his wedding preparations and thanked God for all the blessings He had bestowed upon him and for lifting the shadows from his life.
* * * * *
Brian and Emily held hands as they knelt together before Scott’s headstone.  They had just come from their wedding and both felt a longing to come to visit Scott’s gravesite.
They had enjoyed a lovely outdoor ceremony, witnessed by their family and close friends.  Jessica and Steven had been their junior attendants and John and David had served as Brian’s groomsmen.  Melinda and Rebecca had been Emily’s matrons of honor, and her dad and mother both walked her down the aisle to give her away.
The wedding was held at the old homestead, by the side of the brook that Scott had played in as a child – and later had played in with his children.
Rebecca and John had retired from the bank and moved back into the farmhouse.  Brian, Emily and the kids exchanged homes with them so Brian would be closer to the main bank in Asheville where he now served as CEO of the company.
 “Scott, we will miss you forever,” Brian stated.  He felt like his friend could hear him all the way up in Heaven.  “I’ll cherish your family and care for them with all the love they deserve.  I will teach your children to love God and help them grow into the kind of individuals you would be proud of.”
Then Emily softly spoke.  “Scott, Brian and I have pledged to keep your memory alive for Steven and Jessica.  Because we both loved you so much…we won’t have to take down your pictures or hide our feelings for you.  It’s so wonderful that we can share our memories of you with each other…and the children.  I will always love you Scott…but like you asked…I have learned to love you in a different way.”
Eleven months after they married, Emily gave birth to a lovely baby girl.  They named her Katherine after the mother that Brian had never known.
Steven
Marine Surgeon, Lieutenant Colonel Steven Pearson, stretched his body; stiff from the hours he had been bent over the operating table.
Dr. Jerry Bowman had remained a close friend with the family after Emily and Brian married.  When Steven began to show an interest in medicine, Jerry had taken him under his wing and encouraged him to become a surgeon.
By becoming a doctor in the Marines, Steven felt like he was honoring his father’s memory and knew his retired grandfathers were both proud that he had continued the family tradition of serving in the Marine Corp.  However, because he wasn’t fighting on the front line, his mother wasn’t afraid for him and was at peace with his career choice.
Steven was glad to have a break and sat down to enjoy a cup of coffee.  He had been reflecting on his childhood since he had finished stitching up a young soldier who had been injured coming to the rescue of his men.
It reminded him of how proud he had been of his dad and he again felt honored to be the son of a Medal of Honor winner.  In his mind, he relived the special service where his father had been honored with the nation’s highest award for bravery; he still recalled every detail, even though he was just six-years-old at the time.
After his dad’s death, Brian had become a wonderful father to him.  He was always ready to discuss memories of Scott and continuously encouraged him and told him how proud his father would be of his accomplishments.
The letters his dad had written to him had been handed to him at the appropriate events and times in his life and were now Steven’s most prized possessions.
He knew his dad would be happy that he was a Child of the King and he looked forward to the day they would worship together beside God’s throne.
He and his wife, Anne, were the proud parents of a new baby boy they had named Scott; how Steven wished his dad could have held his baby grandson in his arms.
Jessica
It was Jessica’s wedding day.  She regretted that her natural father, Scott, wouldn’t be there to give her away.  Her only memories of her dad were from the pictures and movies her mother had shown them throughout the years to keep his memory alive for his children and from the letters she had been handed over the years.
She was stunning in the wedding gown her mother had worn when she married Scott.  She was waiting for the moment to walk down the aisle on the arms of her grandfather, John, and stepfather, Brian.
In her hand, she held a note from her dad:
My darling Jessica,
How I wish I could be there with you today.  You were such an adorable little baby and I’m sure that you’re a beautiful bride.
As you start your new life, remember the important traits that your mother has taught you.  Love your husband and cling to him through the good times and the bad.
Never forget that your father loved you with all his heart.
Daddy
The note had been attached to the top of a small box – a box that had been wrapped years ago by her dad.  She carefully removed the paper and opened the gift to find an elegant diamond and pearl necklace her father had lovingly placed inside the box.
“Oh, Mom, it’s beautiful,” Jessica exclaimed.  “Help me put it on.  Just think…daddy was the last person to touch this and it will be touching my skin as I take my vows before God.  It will be like having a part of him here with me!”

NOTE  FROM  THE  AUTHOR

Dear Readers,
I hope that you have enjoyed reading this sequel to “No Greater Love” and that the characters in the story have become as real to you as they are to me.
I wanted the reader to reflect on the fact, that when a soldier dies, the loss touches lives for generations.  A void is left in the world where he or she should have been.
In addition, I wanted to share my belief that prayers to our Creator never go unanswered.  They’re not always answered the way we might want – nor perhaps in the time frame that we desire – but God hears every prayer we utter.  He loves and cares for each of us.
I wish to thank my husband, John, for sharing his ideas and spending time checking through my books and Verna Moss for her proofreading skills.  I also want to thank our daughter, Melissa Niebuhr, who is so patient in answering all my technical questions.
If you have enjoyed this series, please tell your friends and watch for my next novel.  I sincerely appreciate your support.
In Christ’s love,
Linda Marie Kelly
“Tell God about everything you need and remember to thank Him for his answers.”  Philippians 4:6


