
No More Tears


A Town Without Pity Series


Sandy Appleyard

Keep in touch with the author by Subscribing.

ISBN 978-1-989427-30-9
ISBN 978-1-989427-31-6

Copyright © 2020 Sandy Appleyard
All rights reserved.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
No More Lies
Deleted Scene
Keep in Touch
You Can Make a Difference
Author’s Note

Chapter 1
Laura

They all stare at the floor with their Stetsons laying in their laps, as I chide them, one-by-one.  The rickety, wooden chairs are lined up, a foot apart, like a set of dominoes, and none of the men dares to move.  
“It belonged to my mother.” I continue, using a curt tone I don’t often use with my ranch hands.  “It’s very special to me, and, like my mother, it is irreplaceable.”
Simon, the only one with a Fedora, speaks.  “Ma’am, I apologize.  I found it laying on the floor beside the beds.” He explains tritely.  The ranch hands have shared living space.  Only the Lead hand, Louie, has his own quarters, and I know that he didn’t take my beloved mother’s brooch.  He just returned from family leave this morning.  
“Then how did it get there?” I quiz him.  But he just shakes his head, looking at the floor.
“I suggest that whoever did it confess.  Otherwise, all of you are fired.” I say firmly.  “I cannot have thieves living under my roof.”
My Lead hand, Louie, rises.  He’s been with me since the beginning.  Since Quentin died.  Since Reggae, my youngest colt, was born.  Since my family all moved on, and I was the only one falling apart.  Since Huttonville, my hometown, started thriving, seemingly leaving me behind.  “It was me, Laura.” He admits, holding his head down, ashamed.  Louie started addressing me by my first name a year ago, after he saved my prized mare from drowning in the brook.  She had escaped the pasture following a thunderstorm responsible for taking down the fence that kept her safely in our keeping.
“Donald told me he could give me a tidy sum for it. It was in jest, of course, but with Myrtle’s medical bills piling up, I figured it was worth taking a chance.” Donald runs the town pawn shop.  He’s also Louie’s brother-in-law.
Utterly shocked, I feel my jaw clench.  “You’re all dismissed.  Get back to work.” I seethe, as I address my ranch hands, but look only at Louie.  Louie is stock still.  His eyes are on the floor.  With a quick murmur, “Yes, ma’am,” out of all of them, they scurry out of the feed barn like a stampede of elephants is chasing them.
“Sit down.” I say to Louie. He does as he’s instructed.  
“Yes, ma’am.” He says, as the chair whines with his girth.  Louie is short and stout, and he’s the only one of my hands who lives close by.  He never uses his living quarters, but I keep it vacant.  With six children and a wife suffering from a laundry list of ailments, the man is spread so thin, it’s clear that his head isn’t on straight.
Pulling a chair out, I sit opposite him.  My voice softens like I’m talking to a friend.  “Why didn’t you tell me that you needed money.” I ask, leveling with him.
His face is ruddy with sweat and dirt from hard work.  He has large, brown eyes, and he keeps his thick hair in a buzz cut.  There is a small indentation circling his crown where his Fedora sits on his head.  “Because my money problems are my business, I suppose.  I was never raised to ask or tell anything regarding finances.”
That’s fair.  “Louie, now that you’ve tried to steal from me, you’ve made it my business.  Do you understand that?”
His eyes focus on the floor again.  “I suppose so.” He agrees.
I sigh.  “I can’t…trust you anymore.” 
“Yes, ma’am.  I understand that.”
“Pick up your things.  Be out by lunchtime.” I say, feeling a lump form in my throat.  
Louie rises.  His hat is on his chest in a gesture of good manners.  “If it’s worth anything, Laura, I really am sorry.  I know how much that brooch meant to you.”
“If you’d told me you were having financial troubles, Louie, I would have helped you.” Grudgingly, everyone in this town knows that Kelsey Ranch is the richest ranch in Huttonville.  My parents were very well off, and now that they’re both gone, my brothers and I inherited a tidy sum, and I own the ranch that my father, Grant Kelsey, inherited that his father, Art Kelsey, built from scratch.
“I figured it was the lesser of two evils.” He states.  “I was taking a chance, of course, of getting caught.  But if I had that brooch, I would have had the money to pay for Myrtle’s surgery, and I wouldn’t have to beg Stan down at the bank for a loan.” His voice darkens.  “Stan would have loved to see me grovel again, just like I had to do when Tommy had his appendix out.”
With his litter of children, one would think that he would be smart enough to purchase health insurance.  Being the richest ranch, I pay my hands very well, even though there are no group benefits here.  But Louie, although very hard working, is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.  “Well, now you’re out of a job, Louie.”
“I know it.” He admits.  And with that, he walks towards the door, placing his Fedora back on his head.  “Can we...um…keep this between us?”
“If I’m called for a reference, Louie, I’m not going to lie.” I say, my voice has returned to all business.
“Yes, ma’am.”

***

The twilight shines into my study as I fill out Louie’s dismissal paperwork online.  It’s almost painful to complete.  I never thought I would see the day that I would have to fire him.  There have been plenty before him, mind you, but Louie, I thought I’d have to build a plot for his grave somewhere in Kelsey Ranch, with a stone and an epitaph that read, ‘Here lies Louie Prescott, a loyal father and husband’.  As I fill in my digital signature on the form, I hit send, and at the same time, I see an email arrive from the job posting site that I use when I have a position to fill.  The email confirms that the job was posted, and it shows me how many views the ad has received.
Shocking, it’s already had at least ten clicks, and it was only posted an hour ago.  The last time I posted a job, it had only a handful of clicks in its lifetime.  As I read through the listing again, the land line on my desk rings.  “Kelsey Ranch, Laura speaking.” I answer.
“Good evening, ma’am.  This is Grayson Thomas.  I’m calling about the job posting.”
His voice is smooth and polite.  He sounds like he’s younger, maybe even my age.  Many of the calls I get for these positions are from teenagers who dropped out of high school, or older men who want to migrate here from Mexico or some third world country.  This Grayson fellow sounds grounded and put together.  Sometimes I tell the person on the other end that the position has been filled, before I even set up an in-person interview, but this man, I’ll surely see face-to-face. “I’m Laura Warner, owner of Kelsey Ranch.”
“Yes, I’ve heard some great things about your ranch.  I just moved here from El Paso.”
I’m impressed.  “I have a friend who recently moved to El Paso.  She loved it here in Huttonville, but she says that El Paso is beautiful, too.”
“It’s lovely there, yes.” He clears his throat.  “Is the job still available, ma’am?”
“Yes, it is.” I say, switching to all business again.  “When would you be able to come in for an interview?”
“Well…I’m not sure if you run business after hours, but, I can come by in the next thirty minutes if you can spare the time.”
“Lots of unpacking to do?” 
He pauses.  “Something like that.”
The hairs on the back of my neck stand up, but I ignore the sensation.  “Sure.  I can see you then. Do you know where Kelsey Ranch is?”
“It’s just up past that big farm, isn’t it?” 
“Chuck’s Farm, yes.  You can park right in the front.  I’ll be waiting on the porch.”
“Perfect.  Thank you, ma’am.”
“Oh, and don’t forget to bring your references.” I remind flatly.  I never hire anyone without checking their references first.
“Yes, ma’am.  Will do.  See you shortly.”
Just as I hang up the phone, my door knocks, and I hear my brother Will’s voice.  “Laura?  You in here?” 
“In the study.” I call.
His footsteps come closer.  He’s alone, not with my other brother, Clint, who he’s normally joined at the hip with.
“Hey. Long day?” he asks, coming through the door, giving me a perfunctory kiss and hug.
“Yeah,” I answer, hugging him back.  “I had to let Louie go today.”
My brother Will is a foot taller than me.  He’s got sandy blonde hair like me, but his eyes are deep brown where mine are blue. “No way.  I just saw him with his youngest kid there, just down the street.  He didn’t say a thing.”
It’s been a large convenience all these years, having Louie and his family living so close.  I never dreamed that one day it would come back to bite me in the ass.  “He asked me to keep it between us.”
Will guffaws.  “And have you?” as if I wouldn’t keep my mouth shut.
“Of course I have!” I smack him playfully on the shoulder.
“You know that mouth of yours gets you into trouble sometimes, Laura.”
If I didn’t need him to fill the position until I hire someone full time, I’d chastise him right here, right now.  “No more than yours does.”
He laughs out loud.  “Well, then, one of the other hands must have run off at the mouth.  I heard through the grapevine that Louie got the boot today.” He purses his lips together.  “When do you need me to start?”
I sigh.  “Tomorrow morning.  First thing.  That why you’re here?”
He rests his thumbs on the loops of his jeans.  “That, and to remind you that it’s Clint’s birthday next weekend.”
“That’s why you’re not with him.”
He shrugs.  “He’s out on a date.”
My interest is piqued.  “He is?  Who with?”
“Oh…he doesn’t want me to say.” He warns, but his mouth quirks up into a smile, like he’s enjoying keeping a secret.
“Because the last time he went on a date that I knew about, it went south?” I guess.
He nods, but his verbal answer contradicts his body language.  “No.”
I laugh out loud.  He smiles.  
Will changes the subject.  “Did you do a job posting yet?”
“A couple of hours ago.” I nod.  “The first candidate should be here any minute.” Just as I say this, the front doorbell rings.
“Shoot, that’s him now.”
“You want me to stick around?”
“Sure.” I answer, walking to the door.
Opening the door, I have to look up, as the man on the other side is incredibly tall.  “Grayson?” I ask.
“Yes, ma’am.” He says, taking off his Stetson, shaking my hand.  “You must be Ms. Kelsey.”
“Mrs. Warner, actually.  But you can call me Laura.” I say, shaking his hand.
“Grayson Thomas.” He introduces.  
Will takes a step forward, offering his hand.  “Will Kelsey.  Pleased to meet you.”
Grayson closes one eye.  “So, that would make you, Laura’s…?”
“Brother.” Will adds.  “Our father owned this ranch.  We inherited it when he died.”
“I’m sorry for your loss.” Grayson says respectfully.
“Thanks.” Will says.
“Shall we go to the study?” I offer, gesturing with my hand towards the study, just off the front foyer.  The inside of my house is very rustic.  Everything is made of wood, including the two rocking chairs I have in the living room.  I have matching chairs on the front, wraparound porch.  During the day, I leave the two pocket doors; one leading to the living room and stairs to the upper floor, and the other leading to the kitchen and basement door, closed, so only the front door and study are open to the ranch hands.  Daddy was brilliant when he installed those doors.  They even have locks on them.
As Grayson walks into the study, I offer for him to sit on one of the wooden chairs.  Will takes the other one.  The hardwood floors gleam from a recent polishing, as do the wooden bookcases, which house all the textbooks that I’ve purchased over the years, trying to refresh my memory on how to do various things around the ranch that daddy once taught us.  The books are freshly dusted, and my little oak desk is also clean and polished.  The desk is an antique, inherited from my maternal grandmother, along with the antique banker’s lamp, which is turned off during the day.  
The curtains are open, and I leave them open, as I take a seat at the desk.  Grayson is wearing a pair of blue jeans, a blue linen shirt with the sleeves folded to his elbows, and a denim vest. He reaches into the inside pocket of his vest and produces a document folded into quarters.  “Here’s my resume.” He says, and he removes a second copy from the folded sheets, handing a copy to Will, impressing me.
“A man who comes prepared.” I comment, nodding my thanks as he hands me a copy.
“I didn’t suppose you had a photocopier here.”
“I have a scanner, but this is fine.” I say, perusing his resume.
“You haven’t worked at a ranch in some time, mister Thompson.” I comment.
“I lived on a ranch all my life, ma’am.  Like you, I was raised on one.  And you can call me Grayson.”
“You should put that on your resume.” I say.  “I was about to end this interview.” I look at him.  “This position is for a Lead Ranch Hand, not simply a ranch hand, which requires little experience.”
“Sorry, ma’am.  I had a few interviews back at home, and I was told that unless the experience is recent, I shouldn’t add it to my work history.”
Will chimes in.  “When the experience is relevant to the job, it should be there.”
“You mentioned you’re from El Paso.” I ask, changing the subject.  “What were you doing before you left?”
Just as he’s about to answer, we hear a gunshot blast.
“Jesus Christ.” Will blurts out quickly, as we all, including Grayson, tear out of the study and through the front door.  Our footsteps thumping along the wood floors sounds like a stampede of elephants. Grayson is right behind Will, running as fast as he can, as screams come from up the street.
The horses are whinnying to our right, trotting around nervously in the pen outside.  Grayson peers over, making some odd noise, and it seems to settle them.  Normally, I would be awestruck, but I can hear a familiar voice crying, pleading, calling, and little children shrieking, squealing in terror.
“Oh, God, please don’t let it be one of the children.” I beg, praying to myself.  
I see familiar children, who were likely playing on the side of the road a moment ago, are now wailing and shrieking in horror.  
We’re still running towards the screaming, and I try to pretend that it isn’t coming from the house that I pray it isn’t coming from…but it is.  
…Louie Prescott’s house.

Chapter 2
Grayson

There wasn’t much to bring to Huttonville, I admit.  Just myself, and a pickup truck load of stuff.  A fresh, new start, is exactly what I need, and that’s what I’ll get.  It’s stupid, but I made my location choice because I’d been to Dallas recently, and I knew that I wanted to stay in Texas.  Huttonville is a small town just outside of Dallas.  I mean, it’s a grand gesture to sell all your stuff and move to another city.  But it’s another thing entirely to move to a different state or even a different country.  If everything goes south in Huttonville, then I’ll…move to Canada or something.  
With the little cash that I scrounged together selling everything down to my collector’s team jerseys, I found a cheap motel in Dallas, and settled in.  After a somewhat restful night’s sleep, the plan was to make a few calls, get a job, and find a place to live. Some would say that I should have found a place first, but, I wanted to feel the area out first.  I’d made up my mind by ninety percent, but it’s always that ten percent that is the toughest.
Being born and raised on an El Paso ranch by my parents and my maternal grandmother was exactly what it sounds like, and you’d think that after growing up in a Mayberry style town, being raised by parents who might as well have been the Cleavers, and siblings who were all kind to me, that I wouldn’t have turned out as messed up as I did.  But I did, all the same.  Now, the messed-up part didn’t happen right away, of course.  I mean, I married the love of my life, had the career of my dreams, and all was well and good, until that one day that I’ll never forget.  
Even after five years, I still can’t talk about it.  Not that I haven’t tried. No psychologist, not even my favorite brother Kurt can get me to talk about it.  Maybe I’ll never be able to talk about it.  Now that I’ve moved away, maybe I won’t have to talk about it. 
After I get up, do what workout I can inside the motel room with my own weights and other homegrown exercises, I get showered, shaved, and dressed, and I bring my phone to life, browsing the local job listings.  When I see the posting for a lead ranch hand, a lightbulb goes off.  Before I left El Paso, I saw a career-counsellor, who thought I was nuts for starters, because of my background and education, to be striving for positions that I took before I had a post-secondary education.  But I asked her to direct me to the best way to set up my resume specifically for that purpose.  We ran through a couple of templates and I printed off dozens of copies of various scenarios, plus references, made up mainly of my brothers and friends.  It took some doing to convince said friends and brothers to lie for me, but since I’ve never asked for anything from them, even in my time of need, they couldn’t say no.  
Driving around town, I check out various places, getting myself acquainted with the small town of Huttonville, and I like it.  After growing up in a small town, I thought that getting married and moving to the city would be refreshing, but now I admit that I always missed small town living.  After having a nice dinner at a quaint little restaurant, and receiving several one-off glares for dining alone, I head back to the motel to get started on the job search.  The first listing that catches my eye is for a lead hand on a ranch. At first, I lose my nerve, but then I go for it.  What have I got to lose?  Nothing…literally.  The owner invites me for an interview, and I put on a fresh change of clothes and head out the door.
Before going into the house, I check my face in the rearview mirror.  The necklace holding my wedding bands is sticking out of my shirt, so I poke it back underneath, and check my breath, making sure that my resumes are still in my breast pocket.  Surprising me, my stomach is doing flip-flops.  I haven’t been interviewed in so many years that I can’t even remember what it’s like.  Luckily, the career counsellor did some role-playing with me, so I’m a little bit more prepared than I would have been had I not visited the Career Center.
I’m invited into the house, which has the interior closed off, except for the study, and just the fresh smell of wood and horses brings me back to my childhood.  The owner is accompanied by her brother, and the similarities between them are striking.  They both look like they’ve been born and raised on a ranch, with telling farmer’s tans, bright eyes, sun bleached hair, and no-nonsense attitudes.  Their twang is slightly more pronounced than mine, seeing as I lived in the city.  
We’re not five minutes into the interview when we hear a gunshot, not at close range, but close enough, like, less than a half-mile away.  Laura and her brother Will’s instincts match my own, as all three of us run like hell out the door.  To my chagrin, a lady’s screaming follows the gunshot.  From the sounds of the shot, it’s a hunting rifle, not a handgun, which means that it’s either gone off by accident, since we’re nowhere near hunting grounds, or someone used it for more grim purposes.  
The children circling the area are panicked and screaming, but the woman screaming from inside the house trumps them all.  Blood-curdling screams come from her mouth, like those you’d hear in a horror movie.  Goosebumps form on my arms as we run inside the house.  What we find there is horrifying and heartbreaking at the same time.  
A man, I’m guessing, has chosen to sit in his armchair beside the fireplace…and shoot himself.  Just when you think your day could not be any worse.  This man’s day was truly worse than anyone’s.  
“Oh, God, Louie!” Laura cries out, running to the deceased’s wife’s side.  She embraces her, while the woman practically collapses in Laura’s arms.  Looking over at Will, I see that he’s on the phone, and I hear him giving details to the authorities.  
“Come on, ladies.” I say, walking towards them, trying to avoid stepping in the puddles of blood and unmentionable biological matter. “Let’s get you both out of here.” Wrapping both arms around them, I support them walking towards the front door, where several neighbors have gathered.  I see a lady, about Laura’s age.  “Can you please keep the children out?  They don’t need to see this.”
The lady nods.  Another man with clearly no tact, approaches me.  “Louie off himself?”
I don’t answer him, but I say instead.  “Can you please help this lady with the children?”
“Sure thing.” He nods, and I hear him yell out that everyone who follows him gets ice cream.  A point for him.
Laura is all but holding the deceased’s wife up.  “Myrtle,” she says to her. “How’s your back?”
Myrtle nods that it’s okay.
“Do you need to sit?” Laura asks.
There are two chairs on the patio.  I grab them and bring them to the girls.  “Thank you.” Laura says, as we hear sirens approach.  She addresses Myrtle as they both sit down.  “You and the kids can stay with me tonight, okay?”
Myrtle nods. 
At the sound of the sirens, Will comes out the front door.  He speaks to the ambulance driver like they’re pals from school or something, pulling him inside the house.  I follow.  “Hey, Troy.  Yeah, we heard the gunshot and scooted right on over.  Found Louie like this.”  Will says.
Another paramedic comes into the house, pushing a gurney, and I can see that police have arrived, too.  An officer is talking to Myrtle and Laura outside.  Will and I stand off to the side, while they put the remains of Louie’s body onto the gurney, into a body bag, and zip it up tight.  One of the police officers enters as they’re zipping the bag.  “Hey, Will.” The police officer says.
“Hey, Ian.  Nice to see you.  Sorry for the circumstances.” He shakes Ian’s hand.
Ian gestures with his chin to the paramedics and looks at Will.  “You suspect foul play?  Think I should get the Chief out here?”
One of the paramedics answers. “I don’t think so, Ian.  His head was blown off.  He must have put the barrel in his mouth.  Myrtle can barely stand up with her back.  She isn’t capable of doing that, nor are the kids.”
Ian addresses Will and I.  “Nobody else was here?”
“No, sir.” I say.  “Just the kids were outside playing.  Thank God they didn’t see anything.”
Ian nods.  “That right?” he checks with Will.
“Yep.  Just Myrtle was standing here next to him, screaming like her husband shot himself.”
Another nod from Ian.  “Okay, boys.  Take him to the morgue.  We’ll get the coroner to do his thing.” He addresses the paramedics.  “I’ll need an official statement from you both.” He says to us.
“No problem.” I say and Will nods.
After we give our statements to Ian, he observes the unsightly mess.  “I’ll have Pearl and her team come over here and clean this place up.  Poor Myrtle isn’t in a state to do that.” A pause.  “Myrtle and the kids got a place to stay tonight?”
Will answers.  “Laura’s invited them to stay at the ranch.”
“Good.” He frowns.  “Take care.”
“Yeah, take care, Ian.” Will says, and then he looks at me.  “So, you’re new in town?”
“Yeah,”
“I’ve lived here my whole life, and this is the first suicide I’ve ever seen.  It’s a shame it had to happen on your first day here.”
“It happens.” I frown.  “And, technically yesterday was my first day.  I stayed overnight last night.” I tell him which motel.
“Ah. Still.  Don’t let this sway your idea of Huttonville.  Really.  Aside from the odd nosey and opinionated person, this town’s beautiful.  I’d never think of leaving it.”
I smile, since I don’t know how else to respond.  
“Come on.” Will says.  “Let’s get out of here.  It’s starting to smell.”
Walking out of the house, we see that Laura has managed to settle Myrtle down some.  Laura sees Will and says.  “Would you stay with her for a minute?  I’m just going to run into the house and get some things for them for overnight.”
I lift a hand.  “Ma’am, you don’t want to go in there.  What do you need?  Pyjamas?  Toiletries for the mother and children?”
“You won’t know where anything is.” Laura states.
“I’m sure I can figure it out.”
“I’ll go with you.” Will offers.  
We head back in, avoiding the living room, and just go straight upstairs.  The upstairs has four bedrooms and one bathroom.  Immaculately clean for having such a large family.  Two bedrooms have bunk beds and one bedroom has two cribs.  “How many kids do they have?”
“Six.  Two set of twins, two and four years old, a six year old and an eight year old.”
Holy crap.  
“You grab toothbrushes and things from the bathroom first, and I’ll go find a bag to put all the stuff in.  Should be something in the master bedroom for that.”
Thankfully, the toothbrushes are all in cups with holes in them, so I grab both cups, the tube of toothpaste sitting on the counter, and Will tells me that he found a bag.  We both make a team effort of finding pyjamas for the kids, and when we’re done, we head back outside.  “We got everything.” Will says.  “How about you and Grayson get Myrtle settled and get the place ready for the kids, while I go down to the ice cream parlor and get the kids.”
Laura nods.  
As we get back to the ranch, Laura draws a bath for Myrtle, while we go to the guest house out back.  “You sure it’s a good idea to leave her alone?” I ask.
“She’s okay.  She had her rosary beads out and she was praying.  God will take care of her.”
I have visions of Myrtle following in her husband’s footsteps and drowning herself in the lion’s foot tub, but I keep my fears to myself.  So, I change the subject as we begin pulling apart the two double beds in the guest bedrooms in the guest house, leaving them on the floor, in various places, to make enough sleeping area for eight people.  “Did you know Louie well?”
She gives me a look that I can’t decipher.  “Yes, I did.”
“Any idea that he was troubled at all?”
She looks like she’s holding back tears.  “I’m sorry, ma’am.  I know this is painful.  I don’t mean to pry.”
Swallowing, she nods.  “It’s okay.” She changes the subject as she goes into a closet in the hallway of the two-bedroom guest house and pulls out a load of bedding.  As we make the beds, she asks.  “What was that…thing that you did to the horses…to help them settle?”
“When we were running to the house, you mean?”
She nods.  
“My first horse was a stallion.  He wasn’t broken in when I got him.  Just to put a saddle on him took more time than I had patience for as a young boy.” I explain.  “I tried so many times to get him to settle, and it wasn’t until I made that noise that he finally learned to calm.  It started with a little whistle, but it turned into a kind of whistle-hum-sigh technique that I started using with other horses I was around, too.  It doesn’t work with them all, but I always figure it’s worth trying.”
“Did you teach it to anyone?”
I shake my head no. “I’m not sure if it would work.  But I could teach you if you like.”
She smiles as we put the bedding on the last bed.  
“Did Louie have…an insurance policy or anything?” I ask, suddenly coming back to tonight’s events.
“Not that I’m aware of.” Laura answers.  “I know…Louie was having financial problems, so I don’t imagine that he did.  He didn’t even have the sense to take out health insurance with six kids and a sick wife.”
I rest my thumbs in the loops on my jeans.  “Oh, Jesus.  How’s she going to manage?”
“I’ll give her some money.”
“Well…didn’t he have job?  I mean, I’m sure he’s got some pay coming his way.”
She looks at me and says something that chills me to my very core.  
“Grayson…Louie was my Lead Ranch Hand.”

Chapter 3
Laura
The look on Grayson’s face when I tell him that he’s replacing a man who just committed suicide, I’ll never forget.  If he walks out that door right now, I’d give him his blessing.  At first, he’s quiet, as we finish tucking in the last of the sheets on the bed.  Leaving him alone with his thoughts, I say nothing, and continue with the task at hand.
“Can I ask you something?” He asks after a long silence.
“Sure.”
“What were the circumstances of him leaving, and how long ago was it?”
I frown.  “Those are fair questions.” Taking the pyjamas out of the bag, I start to lay a pair on each pillow.  “I let him go today.  He’d been with me for years.  It’s nothing that I’m proud of, but when you’ve run a ranch by yourself for the last ten years, your threshold for trust wanes.”
“He lied to you?”
“Worse.  He tried to steal from me.” I lift a hand.  “He had noble intentions in doing so, mind you, but he tried all the same.  I can’t have a person I can’t trust working for me.”
Grayson nods once.  “I would have done the same, ma’am.”
I look at him bluntly.  “You would have fired a man for trying to steal your brooch to pay for his wife’s back surgery?”
“You saying you regret it now, given what’s happened?”
“I don’t…I don’t know.”
He draws in a deep breath.  “It’s my belief that a man who takes his own life in broad daylight, with his kids and his wife home, is weak, and has been weak for a long time.  A man who does that is so weak, he can’t even put enough thought in it to do it discreetly, and at least take his hunting rifle out to a wooded area first.”  He clears his throat.  “You said yourself that he wasn’t smart enough to get health insurance.  He clearly didn’t bother using any birth control.  And he kills himself using his rifle, with his kids spitting distance from the front of the door, his wife even closer.  Worst of all, he’s so weak, he’s gone and left his sick wife with six kids to care for on her own.  Naw, you did the right thing, ma’am.  A man like that has no business here.”
Digesting his opinion, I’m silent.  “I thought a lot of Louie.  Until today, he never did anything to betray me.  He was the hardest working hand I had.  He went over and above for me and the ranch.” A pause.  “I was taken off guard when he stood up and confessed.”
“Well, then that’s the smartest thing he did.” Grayson adds.
I decide to change the subject.  “I’m sure you want to head home.  Thank you for sticking around to help.  I apologize that this happened tonight.  I’m sure it’s no way to start your stay here.”
“That’s fine, ma’am.  I’m in no rush.”
“All the same, can you leave me with your references?  I don’t think they were listed on your resume.”
“They’re at the bottom, actually.” Grayson corrects. “You probably didn’t get that far before we heard the gunshot.”
I nod.  “Okay.  I’ll call you in a couple of days and let you know.”
“I appreciate that.” He takes a step towards me and shakes my hand.  “It was a pleasure meeting you, Mrs. Warner.”
“Laura, please.” 
“Laura.” He gives me a little smile before I walk him out.  
“Oh, you’re hat.  You left it in the study.” I say as we reach the front of the house.  “I’ll go get it for you.”
After I bring him his hat, he tips his head to place it on his head, and a necklace with two rings slips out of his shirt.  He doesn’t seem to notice, even though my eyes dart to it.
“Good evening, ma’am.” He says.  “It was nice meeting you and your brother.”
“I’ll tell him you said so.”
“Thank you.”
A half an hour later, Will has the kids corralled in the guest house, while I give Myrtle one of her sedatives.  Within twenty minutes, after a bedtime story from Will, all seven of the Prescotts are asleep in my guest house.  Will follows me back into the house, and I open all the pocket doors.  One of Louie’s hats is hanging on the back of the bathroom door. He’d left it there when he’d come in to have a look at my clogged toilet the other day.  
“Don’t.” Will says to me, seeing me look at it.
“Don’t what.” I say, playing innocent.
“I know what you’re thinking, and don’t go there.” Will says firmly.  “The man was a coward, a hard-working coward, but a coward all the same.” He states.  “What man leaves his sick wife with six kids all day, anyhow?”
“Myrtle is keen on kids.  Always was.” Louie joined me long before the kids were born.  He and Myrtle weren’t even married when he came to work here.  They stayed in his quarters until the house was ready.  It was dumb luck that miserable Miss Kennedy up the street croaked the week that the position came available.  Ironic, because it was the same week that I lost Quentin.  His obituary was listed in the same edition of the paper as the job posting was.
“You oughta get Miss Bee over there.  Give her a hand with all those kidlets.” Will says, referring to the nanny that we had as children.  She was very young when she looked after us, and is still in town.  “She’s only in her fifties, isn’t she?”
“Last I heard she was working in the library part-time.  I’ll give her a call.”
“Myrtle’s going to need help, and you’re too busy over here.  Let’s be real.”
“I know it.” I admit.
Hanging Louie’s hat back up on the door, I walk to the study, and Will follows me.  
“So, what do you think of Grayson?” Will asks me.
“He seems to know his way around a hunting rifle.” I snuffle, going for comedic, but failing miserably.
“He sure doesn’t mind sticking his neck out to help.” Will points out.  “He could have said sayonara when he heard the gunshot, but he nearly outran me to Louie’s house.
“He did something really neat with the horses.  Made some noise with his mouth. Calmed them right down when the gun went off.”
“Oh yeah?” Will says.  His interest is piqued.  He bends forward and takes a copy of Grayson’s resume in his hand, studying it.  “What kind of noise?”
“He said he’d learned it growing up, when his stallion wouldn’t calm.  It was kind of a whistle, but even though it was loud enough that the horses and I could hear it over the screaming, it was a quaint enough sound that it soothed them so I wouldn’t have to do any damage control.”
“Knows his way around horses then.  There’s proof.”  Will takes his phone out of his pocket, and punches something in.  “I get a good vibe from him myself.  Even before all the hoopla happened.”
“He’s married, or was, anyway.”
Will looks at me.  “Why’s that matter?”
I catch myself before growing defensive.  “It doesn’t.  He was wearing wedding rings on a chain around his neck.”
Will lifts a brow.  “Who does that?”
“Dunno.” I shrug.  “Maybe he bought her a new one.  Mine didn’t fit me after a couple of years.”
“Why isn’t he wearing his then?”
Another shrug.  “Maybe his doesn’t fit him, either.”
“Isn’t wearing jewellery more of a girly thing?  If neither of the rings fit either of them, then how come he’s wearing them both?”
I laugh out loud.  “Will, lan sakes!  I don’t know!  I just met the man!”
With the conversation at hand, Will has lost interest in whatever he was doing on his phone.  “Well, don’t yell at me!” he laughs.
“Please…as if you would know the proper place for a wedding band, anyway.” I tease.  “I’d pay money to see you walk down the aisle and wear one until death does you part.”
“Thirty, Laura.” He says, pursing his lips into a cocky smile.  “Told you I’m not getting married until I’m thirty.”
“Well, then you’ve only got a year to meet missus right.” I guffaw.  
He waves.  “Plenty of time.”
“Not necessarily.” I correct, opening my emails and my calendar, readying myself for tomorrow.
“Aren’t you a hypocrite.” He says, baiting me.
My jaw drops, but I’m smiling.  “And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“You got married when you were nineteen, Laura.  You and Quentin were barely together a year.”
“I also knew him all my life.  We fell in love in high school.”
Another wave.  “Details.” He says, and then he goes silent, knowing that this is a sensitive topic for me.  
“Laura,” Quentin gasps, his face is covered in blood.  “Go get the gun.  Put Tiger out of his misery.” He speaks over the horse, crying blood-curdling cries of pain.  
Quentin had been out riding Tiger, when a piece of old barbed wire fence that my grandfather must have put up years ago, tripped the horse, causing Quentin to be forced off Tiger, and the horse had fallen on Quentin, not before severing his leg from the force of the fall.
“I can’t get him off me, Laura.” Quentin grunts.  “I can’t breathe.” The blood all over Quentin’s face is not his own, it’s Tiger’s.  
After repeated warnings to Quentin that my grandfather had fencing up in that area of land, and not to let it grow over into greenspace, especially if he wanted to ride there, were for naught.  But Quentin, my beloved husband of ten years, was stubborn as a mule and did not take the word ‘no’ lightly.
“I’ll go get it. Hang tight.” I say, holding back tears.  ‘Now is not the time to be emotional’, daddy would say if he were alive.  Daddy had a massive heart attack and was taken from us way too young.  Mama had terrible asthma, and we’d lost her a year before.  My daddy’s words rang in my head as I ran to the barn to get the shotgun.  How the hell we’re going to get Tiger off Quentin is beyond me.  I figure after the horse is dead, it will be more difficult, but Quentin always knows the way out.  That’s one of the reasons why I fell in love with him.
Picking up the shotgun, I check the magazine, making sure that there’s a round inside.  When I’m sure that it’s ready to be fired, I run back out to the pasture.  My lungs burn from exertion, and my eyes burn with unshed tears.  The beating from my heart inside my chest I can feel to my toes as I run faster than I’ve ever run before, so I can save my husband from being smothered or crushed, or both.  
So many things are running through my head as I run, seeing Tiger’s head lolling in the distance, and hearing his cries.  Like, that I should have called for help, but there was no time.  Maybe I can help pull Quentin out from under Tiger once he’s dead.  Maybe the gunshot blast will startle Tiger and he’ll move himself?  I don’t know.  
As I reach Quentin, it feels like it’s been a year since I saw him last.  What seemed like a bleak situation a mere two minutes ago, now appears hopeless.  Tiger’s whole body covers Quentin’s.  Only my husband’s legs and feet are visible from under the horse; kind of a sick, twisted version of the scene in ‘The Wizard of Oz’, where the Wicked Witch of the West’s feet and legs are the only thing visible from under the house from the tornado that launched moments before.  
Tears flood my face as I pump the hammer on the barrel of the gun and shut my eyes tight, so I can fire at Tiger.  When the shotgun blasts, I watch Tiger’s body go limp, and I wait for him to roll off Quentin, praying like hell that he’ll jump back up and dance, like he once did when he played a joke on me, after his older, much larger brother, fell on top of him when they were wrestling in high school.  But he doesn’t.  
Squeezing my eyes together tightly, I start screaming for help, hoping that somebody in the area heard the shot.  My vocal cords betray me as the tears flow, but luckily, a minute later, I see someone running to me from the house.  It’s my brother, Clint.  There was once a time when I begrudged my family for showing up spontaneously, especially when Quentin and I were newlyweds, but today, I couldn’t be happier to see my brother.
“Laura?” he screams, running to me.  “Will!” he screams again, calling my other brother from inside the house.
“Help, Clint!  Heeeeellllppp!”  It seems that my vocal cords work better now that I see hope in sight.  I see Will running from the barn.
His legs carry him at lightning speed, and when he finally approaches, we don’t even exchange words.  Will is here seconds later, and all three of us pull the horse off Quentin.  As we get the horse off, Will grabs his cell phone from his back pocket, calling an ambulance.  
Being a doctor, Clint kneels to check his vitals.  Quentin is unconscious.  
“Is he breathing?”  I ask.  My hands are trembling.
Clint doesn’t answer, but slides his hand under Clint’s neck, and begins administering C.P.R., answering my question.
The look on his face as he pumps his chest makes me nauseous.  His chest looks like it’s made of dough.  Tiger’s weight has crushed Quentin.   My hand goes to my mouth as the tears pour.
“Laura?  Laura!” Will says, startling me out of my reverie.  “Jesus.  You’re like a million miles away.”
“Did you ask me something?” 
“I asked if you’re going to hire Grayson, or if you need to check his references first?” his eyes bulge with frustration.  “God, would you get your head out of the past?”
“You were the one who started talking about wedding rings!” I chide.
“Geez…remind me to never do that again.”
I’m exasperated.  “Yes, I’m going to hire Grayson.  But, yes, I need to check his references.  I’d be a fool not to.”
“I’ll be here in the morning. Do you want to divide and conquer?”
“Sure.” I say, making notes in my online day planner.  Will is punching something into his phone, and is silent.  
“Holy…what the….” Will says, but I ignore him.  My heart is still pounding from my flashback moments ago.
“Err…Laura?”
“What?” I turn to him.  
“Have you got any questions prepared to ask Grayson’s references yet?”
A ‘v’ forms between my brows.  “No, I was just going to do that now, why?”
He turns his phone to face me.  It’s showing a search for Grayson Thomas from El Paso, Texas.  The picture is definitely him, and my eyes go right to his image; a penchant of mine for seeing what people, including celebrities, looked like once upon a time, and what they look like now. 
With slightly shorter hair and a younger-looking face, Grayson looks very much the same.  “Yeah, that’s him.”
Will guffaws.  “Do you not see what I see?”
“No…what do you see?”
“Are you blind?” he blurts, almost squealing.
“What are you talking about?” I demand, thinking that maybe he has a big zit on his forehead that I’ve missed.  Will can be that petty at times.
“Uh…Laura…you better tack on to your list of questions for his references, why a near middle-aged man is seeking work at a horse ranch when he’s a goddamn doctor!” 
Sure enough, the suffix after Grayson’s surname says, clear as day, ‘M.D.’

Chapter 4
Grayson

The phone rings as I’m perusing the job postings.  I haven’t heard from Mrs. Warner, Laura, in two days.  I’ll assume that I didn’t get the job.  Swiping the answer button, I pick up the call, seeing as it’s one of my brothers. 
“Dude.  How’s it hanging?” Kurt asks.
“Aside from living in a shabby motel, pretty good.” I admit with a little chuckle.
“I told you to go crash at my buddy Tyson’s place.” Tyson lives just outside of Dallas.  Maybe a half an hour out of Huttonville.  He’s the one I visited recently.
“Na, that’s okay.  I’m hanging in out here.”
“See any cute chicks out there?”
“I haven’t been paying much attention.”
“Hot.” He’s being facetious but decides to change the subject.  “Hey, so, I got a call from some Laura today.”
I guffaw.  “You waited a whole thirty seconds before telling me the most important reason for your call?”
“What?  I like suspense.”
“Read a novel then.” I sneer.  “What did she say to you?”
“Some stuff.” He teases.
“Uh huh.  Care to elaborate?”
“She sounds cute.  Your type.”
Is there smoke coming out of my ears?  “Kurt.  Cut the crap.”
“Fine.  She asked me about your work history, and I stretched the truth like a good little brother, just like you asked.”
I wait.
“She asked me how long I worked with you and I told her since I was born.”
“Next time I see you, remind me to punch you in the face.”
He chuckles like he’s enjoying this.  “Okay, I told her that we used to work together at that fabricated farm you cooked up.” His tone is on the snide side.  “I almost slipped up, too, when she asked for Kurt Willis, not Kurt Thomas.”
“She would have known that you’re my brother if we have the same last name, stupid.”
“No kidding, stupid.  I know.  I suppose it’ll be easier on Rachel, seeing as she’s using her married name.  But Mitch will probably think she’s a telemarketer and hang up.  Don’t you think she’s going to check out this farm you supposedly used to work for?”
“I thought of that.” I admit.  But it was worth taking the chance for.  My other brother Mitch took some convincing to lie on my behalf.  Not only is he a real straight-shooter, but he couldn’t lie his way out of anything.  
“Anyway, did you get the job?”
“Don’t you think I would have told you by now?  God, how dumb are you?” 
“I’m not dumb, Grayson.  You’re a closed guy, man.  Ask anyone.” He says levelly.  
“Even so.”
“So, what’s the ranch like?  I’ve seen it from Google Maps, but I’ve never seen the inside.”
“It’s perfect.  Just like home.” I say honestly.
“Hey, did you hear about that suicide that happened just up the street from there?”
I’m silent.
“Grayson?”
“Yeah.  Yeah, I heard about it.” A pause.  “I was actually…at the ranch when it happened.”
“Seriously?” Kurt is shocked.  “I read that he shot himself with a hunting rifle. His kids and his wife were home. That true?”
“Yeah.  It was a pretty sorry sight.”
“Geez…were you like…right there?  Did you see it happen?”
“No, we heard the shot though.  Went running towards the house.  Got in seconds after he’d done the deed.”
“Holy Toledo…just when you thought you witnessed enough in life, huh Grayson.” Kurt’s voice is solemn.  “I bet that brought you back, eh.”
“Yeah,” my voice is a murmur.  “A little bit.”
“See, and now you know why I say that you’re a closed guy.” Kurt states.  “If I hadn’t mentioned anything, you would never have told me that you were there.”
“I don’t usually go around telling people that I saw something like that, Kurt.”
“But I’m not people, Grayson.  I’m your brother.”  Kurt and I are the closest out of all my siblings.  He’s been there for me for more than I could ever repay him for.  
“I know it.”
“Any idea why he did it?” 
“He lost his job.  Has a sick wife and six kids, all under age ten.”
“Wait a minute…the paper said…wasn’t he…the paper said that he was an employee over at that ranch you applied to.”
“Yeah, that’s right.” I admit.
“So, wait…did you…apply for…his old job?”
“You catch on fast.”
Kurt laughs without a trace of humor.  “Oh, Lord, Grayson.  You sure know how to pick them!”
“It isn’t what you think, man.  Laura explained it to me.  She had a right.”
The chuckle out of him tells me that he isn’t convinced.  “I hope for your sake, that she finds out the truth about you, man.”
“Yeah, I figured that you’d eventually say that.  Thanks for the support, man.” I hate to admit it, but my decision-making abilities have been hampered for the last five years, and my little brother might actually have a point. He’s been right about everything else so far.
Kurt ignores my comment.  “You know that all she’s got to do is an internet search on you and she’ll find out, right?”
“I’ll take my chances.” I pause.  “She didn’t…ask you about my background, did she?”
“Now that I would have told you straight up.” His voice is cocky but honest.  “I wouldn’t count your chickens, though.”
“I know I didn’t get the job, so us talking about this is moot.”
“What about the next one?” he tests me.  “Aren’t you applying to be a ranch hand as part of your ‘new you’ strategy?”
“Maybe it’s time I find another career counsellor.  Maybe this whole plan isn’t what it’s cracked up to be.”
“Don’t lose hope yet, Grayson.  You don’t know if she’s called Rachel or Mitch yet.”
“Or if she’s even going to bother.” I interject.
Kurt changes the subject.  “Come back.  Just pack up your stuff and come back to El Paso.” Kurt and my other brother, Hawk, run the family ranch in El Paso.
“Sure.  Just what I need.” I’m being facetious.  “To come all this way and give up after two days.
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Thanks for the support.”
“Call me. Keep me posted.”

***

After an internet search on employment centers in the Huttonville area, it’s quickly determined that there isn’t one.  Anything like that I’ll have to drive to Dallas for, and I’m not up for that today.  Instead, I check out the listings again, and another ranch not far from Kelsey’s is looking for a ranch hand.  It’s not a Lead hand, but if they offer lodging, it may be a good start.  Just as I’m about to dial the number provided on the listing, my phone rings.  The display says that it’s Kelsey Ranch.
“Grayson Thomas.” I answer cordially.
“Grayson.  It’s Laura Warner, from Kelsey Ranch.  How are you?”
“I’m well, thank you, and you?”
“I’m well.  Are you able to come by the ranch today, for a second interview?”
“Sure.  I’m open all day.”
“Why don’t you come by in an hour?”
“Sounds good.  I’ll see you then.”
Second interview?  That’s a good sign…I think.  It’s been so long, as I said before, I don’t know.  I half consider calling Kurt back for his opinion, but after last night, I’m not in the mood for his mouth.
As I pull up to the ranch, I see Laura sitting on the front porch.  The ranch hands are busy at work; three of them are exercising the horses, and a couple others are in the pasture, doing various things.  A young woman pokes her head outside to speak with Laura as I exit my truck.  She’s wearing an apron tied around her waist.  She looks like she’s in her early twenties or late teens.  When I approach, she’s asking Laura about a meal that she’s planning, and I keep back, while they finish their conversation.
“Oh, hi, Grayson.” Laura says.  “This is Grace.  She prepares the meals for the hands part-time while completing her Hospitality program.  Grace, this is Grayson.  He’s being considered for the Lead Hand role.”
“Nice to meet you.” Grace says.  She’s so shy, she can barely look me in the eye on introduction.
“Pleasure.” I say, holding my hand out for her to shake.
Grace then addresses Laura.  “I’ll go pick up the things when I’m finished clearing up in here.”
“Sounds good.  Let me know and I’ll give you the credit card.”
Grace disappears, and then another lady comes out.  She’s a little older, but not by much.  
“Laura, err…sorry.” She says shyly, as she sees me on the porch.
“That’s okay, Wendy.  Meet Grayson.  He’s applied for Lead Hand.  Grayson, this is Wendy, another student from the college, working on her program as well.”
“Pleasure.” I say again, starting to feel like a broken record.
“Hi,” Wendy says, shaking my proffered hand.  Then she addresses Laura.  “Is it okay if I go with Grace?  We need a few things for the house.”
“Certainly.  You two can take the company van if you like.  That way you don’t have to expense your mileage.”
“Okay.”
Wendy gives a little nod and scurries back into the house.
Laura chuckles.  “Sorry about that.  It’s a busy place around here.”
“I see that.”
“Why don’t we go into the study, where we won’t have any more interruptions.” Laura says, and I follow her into the house.  The pocket doors are open this time, so I can see the house in its glory.  
Beautiful antique furniture is set all over the house.  Including one of those old record players, or phonographs, set in a glass case in the living room.  The furniture is refurbished antique, with tufted plush material on the couch.  Two armchairs have been finished in leather, and the drapes are thick, velvety material, pulled back with tassels.  There is no television, just a stereo system, and a huge bookcase filled with various volumes; some older with leather and gold-leaf bound spines, but others appear to be more modern romance paperbacks.  I see a few shelves lined with old photo albums and even some modern scrapbooks.
The kitchen is very large, and appears to encompass the whole back of the house.  There is a table for eight in the eat-in kitchen.  Glossy, cream, polished tile flooring, juxtaposed by honey brown wooden cabinetry and countertops make the kitchen the perfect balance of modern yet classic.  A long, wooden staircase is leading to bedrooms upstairs, I’m guessing, behind the wall off the foyer.  There is a small powder room between the kitchen and living room.
“Beautiful house you have here.” I comment, taking a quick look around.
“Oh, thank you.  If you want, I can show you around when we’re finished.” She offers.  I’m guessing that this is more of a good sign. If she was bringing me here to say adios, she wouldn’t have offered to give me the grand tour.  
She closes the study door, and gestures for me to have a seat, and she starts.  “Thank you again for lending a hand the other night.  I know that that wasn’t easy.”
“It was no trouble at all, ma’am.  I was happy to do it.” I say honestly.  “Err…how is…the widow doing?”
With a slight nod, Laura answers.  “She’s doing well.  I hired a nanny that I know personally, to lend a hand.  And as I said before, I’ve given her some money to help with finances.  After her back surgery, she should be doing well.”
“That’s good to hear.  When is the funeral?”
“It was yesterday.” She explains.  “That’s why I haven’t called you back until now. I was a little preoccupied helping Myrtle with funeral arrangements.”
“That’s quite noble of you.” I state.  Feeling awkward.
Her long, sandy blonde hair is French braided down her back, and the body of the braid is laying on her shoulder, flowing down almost to her waist.  There is no indentation on her bare forehead from a hat, so I’ll assume she’s been indoors today.  “So, you run all the books and take care of the administrative part of the ranch, I take it.”
“Yes, that’s correct.” She confirms.  “Ten years ago, I ran things on my own with my husband. But things changed, and it was necessary to hire help.”
“I suppose so.” I purse my lips into a smile.
“Yes.” She sighs, and I can sense that she feels awkward, as do I.  I get the feeling that the mention of her husband causes anxiety.  It’s hard to tell if her husband is still around, but I’m guessing that he’s not, since her brother was present when I was here last.  
I watch her refer to a sheaf of paper in front of her on the desk.  The window coverings are open, and one of the ranch hands walks by, carrying a shovel.  His grimy t-shirt is covered in beads of sweat front and back.  The dark hair at the back of his neck is dampening his tilly hat.  
“Mister Thomas—”
“Please call me Grayson.”
“Yes, of course.” She licks her lips.  “Grayson.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Laura,” she says.
“Laura.” I repeat.
I feel hesitation in her voice, and I almost fess up.  But I wait.  Hope is not lost.  There are other opportunities here, and if not in Huttonville, as much as I’m disinclined to head to a bigger city, I can always bite the bullet and head to Dallas.  Heck, at least I can bunk in with Tyson, and please Kurt.
“I noticed that the ranch that you claimed to have worked for does not exist.” She looks at me speculatively.  “I do not work well with people who fabricate things or lie.  Or steal, as you know.”
“I would never steal, Laura, for one, and I can promise you that as sure as the nose on my face, I have plenty of ranch experience.  I told you I grew up on one, and that’s the truth.”
“Why did you make up the story about the ranch then?  And why, pray tell, did you have three other people make up the same lie for you, on your behalf?”
That’s it.  I’m about ready to put my Stetson back on and thank her for her time, when I’m suddenly curious.  “Why did you invite me here to ask me these questions, when you know that I lied to you, and evidently you don’t tolerate that?”
Laura draws in a deep breath.  “Because I know you clearly have an intimate background with horses.  How else could you have pulled off settling my herd with one practiced whistle?”
“Then why the questions?” I refute.  “Can’t a man have things about him that he doesn’t want to share with others?  That he’s not proud of?  I’m sure that you have one or two things that you keep locked away, for your eyes only, too.  We all do.”
She’s growing irritated.  “Grayson, why, in heaven’s name, are you seeking a position at a horse ranch, when you were clearly a doctor not, what…a year ago?”
“Is that why you invited me here?  So you can figure out what makes me tick?  So you can satisfy all these brown-nosed, nosy, small-towners’ interests?  I see them all staring at me in town. They probably all know who you are, and likewise, they all know that I’ve applied for this position.  Heck, my goddamn name was in the paper because of the suicide!  Everyone knows who I am, and I’ve been here all but four days!”
She’s glaring at me.  “Answer the question, Grayson.  You can do that, or you can walk out that door and go apply at Steely Pines on the other side of Huttonville.  But I warn you, they’ll pay you less, offer you a shoebox for quarters, and you’ll end up answering the same questions.  Nobody is a fool in Huttonville, Grayson.  If you’ve come here looking to hide out, you’ll be sorely disappointed.” She pauses.  “For someone who grew up on a horse ranch in a small town, you sure seem to have lost your touch for the nuances in such places.”
My chest is heaving.  She’s got me by the balls, and she knows it.  I wait for a moment, thinking that maybe she’ll have mercy on me, seeing as, for all intents and purposes, I’m new around here, and probably entitled to a free pass or two on one of the items that she’s thrown at me.  But she’s silent.  Stubborn as a mule.  And I think, there is no way any man would survive in her stronghold.  No, her husband’s flown the coop.  Probably left tire tracks in his wake.  
Finally, after a decent stalemate, I cave.  “I drank my medical license away a year ago.” My voice is flat and poignant.  “Twenty-eight days later, I got my first pin, celebrating my sobriety.  Now I have two others to match.”  I lick my lips, studying her face.  It’s softened some, but it looks as if she’s waiting for the punchline.  “I lied for a lot of reasons.  My three references are my siblings.  They’d all take a bullet for me, and I’d do the same for them.  I haven’t worked since I lost my license, because…who the hell’s going to hire me.  But I figure, after selling everything I own except for what filled my pickup truck, moving to a new town, I might have better luck.” I look at her.  “Guess I was wrong.”
Placing my hat on my head, I rise.  “Thanks for your time, ma’am.” I say, heading for the door.  As I open it, she calls to me.
“What was the ranch that you grew up on, Grayson?”
“Coral Grove.  It’s in El Paso, Texas, like I told you.” I say, turning towards her, only in a gesture of proper manners.  In my mind, I’m already out the door and getting into my truck.  “My brother, Hawk, runs it still.  You’re welcome to look it up.”
She looks at me whimsically.  “And what made you leave the ranch and become a doctor?”
Bowing my head, my heart sinks, as I remember.  “I did it to impress a girl.”

Chapter 5
Laura
Grayson walks out the door, and I let him.  But as he walks off the porch, I watch, from the window in my study, as he helps a couple of my hands with a long railroad tie.  He doesn’t even hesitate.  The boys are young and don’t have quite the strength to carry it, just the two of them, so Grayson takes one end, while the two boys take the other.  As they carry it to the back, where we’re building a new trough for the horses, I follow them.  This…mystery man…isn’t aware that I’m watching him.  
“Now bring it down slow, partner.” He says to Ned, the overly eager kid who I hired because of his father, one of my other hands.  As they bring the tie down to the ground safely, Grayson asks.  “You guys got the proper stakes for these?”
“I think so. My dad picked them up yesterday.” Ned answers.  His younger brother, Edgar, is very shy and quiet, and says nothing, especially since he sees me.  
“You don’t have the proper ones, and they’ll slip.” Grayson says.  “Let’s go take a look.”
I interrupt.  “Hold on, Grayson.”
I dismiss the boys, telling them to go help their father in the pasture for now.  “I’ll put you on a three-month probationary period.” I say firmly, making up my mind.  
“Okay.” I see that those gold rings on a chain are hanging from his neck again, dangling down past a small crest of hair on his chest.  I can’t help but wonder if those rings are the reason why Grayson drank.  Pretty sure they are, but I don’t ask.  I’ve already pried enough for one day.  
“You can come and fill out the paperwork now if you like.” I offer.  “You can start today if that suits you.  I have coveralls in the barn if you need them.”
“No, that’s fine.  My clothes are mostly rags, anyhow.” He says with a slight chuckle that I take as cheerful. He’s happy that he got the job after all.  I have the grace to smile.  “Thank you, Laura.  I promise you won’t regret it.”
“Ask me in three months if I regret it.” I say firmly.
“Fair enough.”
“My brother Will will be pleased.” I comment. “He promised to come lend a hand while I look for a replacement, but his job kept him there.  I was about to call and beg him to come when I saw the trough broke this morning.  The horses sure aren’t enjoying drinking from the buckets.”
“From the look of it, it wasn’t put together properly from the start.” Grayson comments and we head back to the house.  “That was one of the first things my daddy taught me when I was a kid.  We built so many things with them railroad ties.  My mama’s porch and all.”
“You helped your father build a lot, it sounds like.” I say, as we enter the house and go into the study.
“We built everything together, tamed horses, road them, it was quite a life.” He admits as I hand him the paperwork to fill out.  He unconsciously tucks the chains under his shirt as they dangle when he bends over to write on the documents.  
“That’s a nice necklace.” I comment.
He looks up at me, and I notice his big blue eyes.  They’re almost mesmerizing with the late morning sunshine reflecting on them from the side.  “Thanks.” He says and leaves it at that.  I deserved that.  
As he completes the paperwork, I do an internet search on Coral Grove.  “Your brother looks a lot like you.” I comment, turning the monitor so that he can see what I’m doing.
“He should.  We’re fraternal twins.”
“Really?” Finally, a fun fact.
“Yep.  Lots of twins in the Thomas family.” He says, penning away his information.
“Remember when you sign that document, it’s legally bound.” I tease, poking at his lying earlier.
He looks up at me and gives me a wink, picking up on the joke.  Thank God he has a sense of humor.
“Didn’t know you had a sense of humor.” He comments, placing his attention back on the papers, and I get a shiver.  It’s like he read my mind.  
“If you grew up on a ranch, you know very well that you need one.”
“You’ll get along great with my brother Kurt then.  He’s all jokes.”
“Will, too.  You got a little glimpse of him already.”
“I don’t have a lot of stuff.  So don’t worry that living quarters aren’t going to suit me.  I’ve been living at The Acres for the past four days.”
I roll my eyes.  “No wonder you’ve been getting the looks, Grayson.” I chuckle.  
He puts the pen down. I’ve piqued his interest.  “Why do you say that?”
“Let’s just say that The Acres is where you take certain…shall we say…friends…for an afternoon delight, so I’ve heard.” I raise a hand. “At least, that’s what the word is around town.”
“How long have people been saying that?”
“For as long as I can remember.”
“Well, they don’t live up to their reputation.” He states honestly.  “The place is as clean as a whistle, quiet as a newborn baby, and I didn’t see hardly anyone looking guilty around there.”
I guffaw.  “Must be a slow week, Grayson.”
He frowns. “I suppose it is.”  He nods once and signs the documents at the bottom line, and then hands them to me.  
“You can head back to The Acres and pick up your stuff if you like, or I can show you around and introduce you.  Whatever you like.” I pause.  “And keep in mind that living quarters are optional.  Will it be just yourself, or will your wife be accompanying you?” I ask, veiling the probe.
“Just me.” he says, not taking the bait.  “And I haven’t got much, as I said.  So I can start now.  I’ll go get my stuff at the end of the day if it’s all the same to you.”
“Eager to start working, I see.  That’s a good sign.”
“I’m not one to spectate, Laura.  When there’s work to be done, I do it.”
“I can see that.” I take his papers from him.  “Shall we?” I gesture to the door.
“Right.”
We take a right, heading down to the kitchen.  “You’ll have your meals in here.  You’ve met Grace.  She’s a wonderful cook.  There’s a small kitchenette in your quarters, too, if you prefer to eat alone.  Sometimes when the guys feel like watching television, they head into Louie’s old room and eat while watching a game or something.  The guys are very respectful, though.  You’ll get to know them.”
“Sounds great.  I don’t mind a family meal, though.”
I add.  “It’s also handy when flu season comes around.”
“I never get sick.”
“That’s what my daddy always said, Grayson.” I point out.  “Then he had a massive heart attack at a very young age.”
“And that’s when you inherited this palace.” He states. “But I bet he didn’t have hands.  I bet he was one of them types that did everything himself.  Just like my daddy.”
“Well, you’re right there.” I admit.  
“That’s how come your daddy and my daddy both dropped dead young.” He says, opening a cupboard with etching on it, inspecting the craftsmanship.
“Right again.”
“And I suppose you tried to do the same thing when you inherited this place, didn’t you.” 
I don’t answer, as I’m starting to feel like a broken record.
He takes my silence as confirmation.  “What made you decide to hire help?” he’s running his fingers along the countertop, feeling the grain in the wood.
“Exactly what you guess.  I…couldn’t do it alone, even with Will’s help.”
Satisfied with the casual inspection, Grayson turns around to face me.
“Let’s go see your living quarters.” I suggest.  As we walk back down the hallway, I point out the stairs to the bedrooms on the second floor, and the living room.  “The powder room you’re welcome to use.  There’s also a washroom in the barn, and a communal washroom in the quarters.  You and the boys share a washroom for now, until I get the three-piece washroom in your quarters fixed.  There was never a need…as you know, Louie lived up the street, so his quarters weren’t used other than for the odd day here and there.”
“Understood.”
We leave the house, and walk across the lawn, clipped short in a stretch, and then we arrive at the fence to the pasture, where the horses are outside grazing.  I name all the horses off, giving a brief history of each animal, as Grayson steps slowly, looking at each of them individually.  The pasture is large, with the broken trough along the length of one of the wooden fence panels.  Trixie, one of my brown horses, walks over when Grayson makes a funny whistling sound.  
“That’s not quite the sound you used the other day.” 
“There are others.” Grayson explains.  Trixie approaches, first nudging me with her nose, so I give her a pat, and then she looks at Grayson.  
“Hey, there, beautiful.” He says to her.  “You mind if I touch your nose, too?”
He carefully places his hand on her flank, petting her, and then she lowers her head slightly, so that her nose is in reaching distance from his hand.  He pets her nose.  “There you go.  That’s nice, isn’t it?”
“Maybe I’ll get you to exercise her first.” I chuckle.  “She seems to have a crush on you.”
“I seem to have that effect on mares.”
“Evidently.” I giggle, as Trixie lays her snout on his shoulder.  He pets her, leaning into her snout like he’s giving her a hug.  
“Aren’t you a little lover.” He says, chuckling.  “I think you’ll be my favorite.”
“You’re the chosen one.” I state, when we see Edgar, Ned’s brother, come tearing out of the barn. 
“Call nine-one-one!” he’s shouting.
Grayson runs toward the boy, and I follow in their wake.  
“What happened?” Grayson asks Edgar.
“It’s Ned.  It was an accident.  I was using the pickaxe on a patch of clay, and I didn’t know his hand was there.” His voice is panicked.  
“Okay.  Just…stay calm.” Grayson says, as we approach the patch of land that they were working on at the back of the barn.  Ned is unconscious, and there is blood spurting from his arm.  Without hesitation, Grayson rips his shirt open, pulling it from his body, and removes his cell phone from his back pocket, handing it to me.  “Call an ambulance.” He instructs levelly.
The dirt is in a tidy pile, next to a visible clump of clay, layered under soil.  “I…I wasn’t looking, I guess.  Ned said he saw something shiny in the dirt, and he was trying to find it.  My mind wandered, and the next thing I know he screams and there’s blood everywhere.” Edgar explains.  “Is he dead?  Did he bleed to death?”
Ned is motionless, with a grimy face and hands.  His overalls are spattered with blood, and there are blood sprays and droplets on the pile of dirt.  Grayson rips the front panel off his shirt and begins applying the shirt, tying it around and around the boy’s arm, near his elbow.  “Na, he’s not dead. The sight of blood must have made him pass out.”
Johnnie, my other hand, Ned, and Edgar’s father, approaches.  He’d been riding Weasel, one of my stallions, that is going to be a contender in a show next month.  He sees his son passed out in the dirt from afar, and he moves the horse into a trot.
As I dial emergency services, I watch Grayson go to work.  The way he carefully ties the boy’s arm up in a practiced motion, it clearly indicates that this man has a knack for this kind of thing.  It almost takes my mind off the fact that his upper body looks like something out of a magazine.  But with a boy bleeding severely in my pasture, I quickly put that thought out of my mind.  After making the call, Ned’s eyes start to flutter, as he regains consciousness.  
“How are you doing there, partner?” Grayson says.  “You got a little scratch on your arm, kid.  How do you feel?”
Ned looks down at his arm, caked with blood.  His eyes roll back into his head and he loses consciousness again.  Johnnie slows the horse and jumps off his back.  “What happened?” he asks breathlessly.  Johnnie is short and stout, like Louie was, and he has a sprig of hay hanging out of his mouth.
“It was an accident.” Edgar insists.  “I hit him with the pickaxe.”
“He’s severed his artery, but it should be fine.  A couple of good stitches and he’ll be fixed right up.” Grayson says.  
Something tells me that if Grayson had a needle and thread, that he’d patch the kid right up here and now.  “The ambulance is on the way.” I say to Johnnie.  “I’ll go get you another shirt.” I say to Grayson.
“No, that’s alright, Laura.” He says.  “I’ve got a change of clothes in the pickup truck.”
“Okay.” Is there anything that this man isn’t prepared for?
“Have you got insurance, Johnnie?” I ask.
“No, ma’am.” He says, shaking his head.  “I imagine a few stitches won’t cost much, will it?”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll pay for it.” I say, touching his arm.  Somehow, Johnnie doesn’t seem at all unsettled.  Myrtle freaks out if one of her kids stubs their toe.  
“Thank you, ma’am.  I’ll take Weasel back to the pasture.”
“Don’t worry about that right now.” I say, as I hear the ambulance approach.
“Be a good boy and go flag the ambulance driver down.” Johnnie instructs Edgar.
“Yes, sir.” He says, running like his shorts are on fire.  
The ambulance attendants appear within thirty seconds, pushing a gurney with them. “Twice this week we’ve seen one of these things.” Grayson says.
“That’s two times too many in my opinion.” I say.
One of the ambulance attendants I recognize.  He’s a friend of Wendy’s.  “Hi, Ted.  Ned here was accidentally struck in the arm with a pickaxe.” I explain.
“I tied it off with a tourniquet here. He should be okay.  Looks to me like he’s severed an artery, but it’s not cut through, otherwise he’d a bled to death by now.  He’s just out because he’s a little squeamish.” Grayson explains, just as Ned’s eyes flutter open again.  This time, Grayson has the sense to cover the rest of his arm with what’s left of his shirt, before he sees it and passes out again.  “Hey there again.” Grayson lifts his hand in the air and pulls down his index finger and thumb.  “How many fingers am I holding up, partner?”
“Three.” Ned answers.  
“Do you know your name?”
“Ned Daniels, sir.”
Grayson smiles.  “He’s fine.  Even got a ‘sir’ out of him.”
“That’s my boy.” Johnnie responds, impressed.  Then he addresses me.  “I’ll go with him, if that’s okay.”
“Certainly.” I nod.  “You both take the rest of the day off.  I’ll put Weasel back in the pasture.”
“That’s awful kind of you, Laura.  Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
As the ambulance attendants lower the gurney and situate Ned on it, I look at Grayson.  “Thanks for doing that.”
“If Edgar here had dug any further, that boy might have lost his arm.” He says. As Johnnie hands Weasel to Edgar, and instructs him to take the horse back to the pasture, even though I already said that I would look after that.
“I don’t even know why he was using the pickaxe, frankly.”
“Boys.” He shrugs.
We watch the ambulance take Ned, and I give the truck keys to Johnnie, so he and Edgar can drive to the hospital with him, thankful that I have two company vans; which was Will’s idea.  Wendy and Grace are still out picking up supplies.  Grayson walks over to his van and pulls a shirt out of a bag in the back, stretching it over his head.  He tucks it in his jeans and rakes a hand through his hair, and then he places his hat back on his head.  Why I’m watching him I have no idea.  I divert my eyes to the ambulance as it drives off.
“Do you mind if I clean up some?  I’ve got blood all over me here.” Grayson asks, carrying his bag in his hand.
“Sure. I’ll show you to your quarters.”
We walk to the back of the house, past the barn, where the guest house and the staff living quarters are.  The largest building is where all the boys stay.  Ned, Edgar and Johnnie live in Fort Worth, so they stay with me all year round.  Johnnie’s boys are only here for the summer, and then they go back to school, and home to their mother.  Simon and Lloyd are also from Fort Worth, and they live here full-time as well.  I always have to hire more people when the fall comes, and Simon and Lloyd have only been here for about six months.  This position has some turnover, but it could be worse.
The staff living quarters were built to resemble and function like a small cottage.  The dark wood exterior has a wraparound porch, and a large window, so lots of natural light goes into the living space. My boys alternate weekends off, so I always have someone to tend to the horses and take care of the grounds. Inside the cottage is a large living area with a couch, fireplace, two armchairs, and Ned brought a bean bag chair with him from Fort Worth.  There are three bedrooms, each with a set of bunkbeds.  The communal washroom was built like a public restroom, but with a set of three stand-up showers behind the toilet area.  
At the back of the house is a locked door leading to the Lead Hand’s quarters.  There is a separate entrance in the back, but the porch is only at the front and sides of the house.  I’m putting in a firepit when the order comes in, so the boys can enjoy fires at night.  Unlocking the door, I switch on the light, and the small futon is to the right.  Beside that is a small, two-seater wooden table.  A small opening leads to the kitchenette, which has a simple miniature refrigerator/freezer, a single sink, and a plank counter.  “I’m getting a toaster oven and a cooktop.  It’s on order.” I explain.  There is a small, two-door cupboard both above and below the counter.  
“It’s cute.” Grayson says.
I lead him into the bedroom, where a double bed, tall dresser and nightstand are.  The closet is very tiny, but it has one of those slick organizing units in it.  Grayson looks at it.  “You would be surprised what you can fit in there.” I comment.  “While I had renovations done on my bedroom when my roof leaked a couple of years ago, I lived here.  My entire wardrobe, including all my shoes, fit in there.”
“I believe you.” Grayson is impressed.
The bathroom is a simple three-piece, with a stand-up shower and basin for a shallow bath, a pedestal sink with storage underneath, and a toilet.  “The toilet is also on order.  Will is coming to install it when it comes in.”
“I can do that.” Grayson offers.  Somehow, I’m not surprised that he can install a toilet.
I chuckle.  “Is there anything you can’t do?”
“Oh, there’s lots I can’t do, Laura.  You’ll see.” He winks at me.  
“Did you want to bring your things in?”
“Well, is there much to do around here for today?  What about that trough?”
“Yes, the trough needs to be done.  But other than that, no.” I say. “I have some paperwork to do because of Ned’s accident, so I should go get started on that.  OWCP is pretty quick on the case when there’s an injury in the workplace.  That’s the last thing I need right now.”
“I’ll just get cleaned up and finish up that trough then.” Grayson says. “I’ll acquaint myself with the other boys.”
I smack my palm on my face.  “Shoot.  With all the confusion, I completely forgot!  Forgive me!”
“That’s perfectly understandable, Laura.  I’ll meet them later.”
His necklace with the rings is poking up out of his t-shirt, rather obviously.  My mind flashes back to when he took his shirt off, and now I remember why I was staring.  The rings are wedding bands, most definitely.  One smaller than the other; one large enough for a male, the other small enough for a female.  Then I wonder if they belonged to his parents.  He did mention that his father was deceased.  And I ask.  “Is your mother still alive, Grayson?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He answers honestly.  “She’s alive and kicking, and still living at Coral Grove, running the ranch with my brother, Hawk.”
Well, that negates my idea that the rings belonged to his parents.  “So, those wedding bands around your neck, are they your parent’s?”
His hand instinctively goes to his throat, as he unconsciously touches the gold.  “No, ma’am, they didn’t belong to my parents.”
“Grandparents?” I venture.
His eyes slide down to my left hand.  It’s been a year since I wore my wedding band.  Took me many years to take it off.
“I notice that you don’t wear a wedding band.  Yet you mentioned a husband earlier.”
That hit a nerve.  My eyes divert to the floor.
“Let’s say we leave our wedding band stories for another day, huh.” Grayson suggests.  “Maybe a day when there isn’t blood or ambulances or other emergencies of the like.”
I look up at him for a moment.  “That’s fair.”
He pinches his lips together into a warm smile.  “I figured you’d agree.”

Chapter 6
Laura
Will walks in the door, carrying a toilet.  At first, I laugh.   He’s carrying it like he’s got to go himself.  Like he brought it special for him, to use it personally.  “What in heavens name are you doing?” I cackle.
“I’m glad you think it’s funny.  Clint’s already diagnosed me with a hernia because of this thing.”
“Well, we have a house full of hands, Will.  You see that thing between your nose and your chin?  Use it!” I laugh as he sets it down on my living room floor.
“There.  That looks like a good place for it.”
I smack him in the arm.  “Smartass.” I look at it.  Yep, it’s a toilet.  “Why did you bring it in here?  It’s supposed to go in Louie’s…err…”
Will pats my shoulder, and then rubs my back at my emotional blunder.  “He was a good guy.  Tough on the pooper, but he was a good guy.”
I look at him, indicating that I’m not impressed by his ill-timed comment.  
“Too soon?” he says, knowing full well that it is. 
“A tad.”
“Anyway, I brought it in here so the all Lord and Honorable Mighty Queen could inspect it first.  God forbid I install it and it doesn’t meet your expectations.”
“I’m sure that you could handle quality control.” I poke.
Will jokingly undoes the zipper on his jeans, making like he’s going to take a leak right now, just as Grayson walks in the front door.  I look at Will as Grayson’s eyes slide down to Will’s zipper.  “Nice.” I say to Will, with a smirk on my face.
“Err…Laura…ahem.” He clears his throat.  “Sorry to interrupt.”
I bark out a laugh.  “You didn’t interrupt anything.  My cheeseball of a brother is just being a smartass." 
Grayson has the grace to chuckle.  “I’ve taken the toilet off.  It’s ready for the new one anytime.”
Will does his zipper back up.  “Thanks, man.  You want to help me carry it over?” he scratches his nose.  “I was just doing some…quality control there.”
“Sure.” Grayson tips his chin.  “You do know that the toilet is in the middle of the living room…and not hooked up, right?”
“Yeah.  I was just trying to get a rise out of Laura.”
I go over and smack him.  
“No worries, man.” Grayson says.  “I have a sister, too.”
“They’re fun to screw with sometimes.”
Grayson lifts a brow.  “My sister’s a lawyer.  I don’t screw with her.”
Will guffaws a laugh.  “No, I suppose not.”
I play the part of the door person as they trolley the toilet over to Grayson’s new quarters.  When we arrive in his portion of the cottage, I take a look around. He wasn’t kidding. He has no stuff.  A bible and a small pile of paperback thrillers are on the table in the living room, a blanket is on the futon couch, and I see just a pile of clothes on the bed. The closet is open, but the only thing I see is a winter coat hanging on one of the rods.  I assume the drawers are full of stuff.  There is a lone box on the floor in the closet, but that’s it.  
The bathroom has a small toiletry bag hanging off the towel hanger on the side of the sink, and a robe hanging off the back of the door on a hook.  As they set the toilet down, I remember that I forgot to tell Grayson a couple of things.  “Wendy does laundry for the boys if you’d like her to take care of yours, too.  There’s a hamper in the common area, and she comes to collect it every second day.  She also cleans if you would like her to keep your area tidy.  You just have to make sure that there is nothing on the floor or on any surfaces.  But you can also clean your own area if you prefer privacy, and there is a laundromat in town.”
“Okay,” he says simply.  “It’s like living in a hotel.”
“Believe me, there is a lot of work to be done around here.  And your job entails six days of work per week.  The last thing you’ll want to be doing on your day off is laundry and housework.”
Will chimes in.  “She never did mine when I lived here.”
“That’s because you needed to learn how to keep house and do your own wash.” I say, pushing him in the chest. “I pity the girl who dates a man who can’t look after himself.”
“Amen to that.” Grayson says.  “Did you bring installation materials?  Wax gasket?  Hacksaw?  All the fixings?”
Will is cocky.  He opens the lid and the back of the toilet tank.  Both are filled with various supplies.  
“Alright, let’s get to it.” Grayson says, pleased.
I leave them to install the toilet, while I go do some paperwork and check on the other hands.  The horses are happy as they continue to graze in the pasture.  Dale, one of my stallions, is missing, but so is Simon, one of my hands, so I assume that he’s out exercising him.  As I enter some expense receipts into my accounting software program, I hear one of the company vans pull up.  Wendy and Grace disembark, carrying bags full of things.  I give them a hand carrying it in and putting things away, and then I take their receipts, and add them to today’s entry.
After making myself a tea, I sit on the porch, taking a break, when I see Grayson and Will come around the corner.  “All done?” 
“Yes, ma’am.” Grayson tips his head.
“Flushes and everything.” Will says flippantly.  “I’m going to head out now.  I’ve got a million things to do at the office.”
“I’m sure you do.” I say.  “You could have just told me that the toilet was ready.  You didn’t have to go get it yourself.” I rise to kiss him goodbye.  “I’ll see you later.”
Will salutes Grayson before hopping into his pickup truck and driving off.  
“I think Grace is putting dinner together in the kitchen.  If you’re hungry, I can get her to fix you a snack.” I offer.
“No, that’s fine.  I can wait until supper.” Grayson says, just as the other company van pulls up.  
Ned, Edgar and Johnnie disembark.  Ned looks a little pale, but otherwise unscathed save for his arm being bandaged up.
“Well, is he going to make it?” Grayson asks.
“Sure is.” Johnnie answers.  “He got the artery good, but they sewed him up like new.  Both boys know never to touch that pickaxe ever again unless I’m present or another adult is.”
“Good.  I’m glad to hear it.” I say to Johnnie, and then I address Ned.  “How are you feeling?”
“Fine, ma’am.  A little woosy.”
“Did they check your red cell counts?” Grayson asks.
“Yeah, they took his blood.  He’s fine.” Johnnie answers, as if Ned can’t speak for himself.  “Gave him a Tetanus shot, too.”
“I was just going to ask.” Grayson says.  
“Gave me and Edgar here one as well.  Neither of us have had one before.  When the doctor realized where we worked, he insisted.”
“That’s good.  Did you see Clint?” I ask, knowing that my brother is on call weekday mornings at the hospital this week, covering for another doctor who is on vacation.”
“Naw, but the doctor who saw Ned asked if we knew him.” Johnnie says.  “Ned here’s got to be off for a day or two.  He can’t get the wound wet.”
“That’s fine.” I say, waving.
“Did he get dissolvable stitches, or does he have to have them removed?” Grayson asks.
“He’s got to have them out in a week.  Appointment’s already been made.” Johnnie answers, throwing me a glance, as if to say, ‘why is this guy asking me so many questions?’
“You boys can go wash up.” I say.  “Grace has dinner on the stove.”
“Sounds good, ma’am. Thank you.” Johnnie tips his hat, and the boys walk with their father like they’re a small herd of little ducks.  
Grayson removes his hat and scratches his head.  “I should probably not ask so many questions.”
“It’s okay.  They don’t know that you’re a doctor.” I say, sitting down on the wooden chair.  “I don’t suppose you tell too many people that.”
“No, ma’am.” He shakes his head, leaning on the railing for the stairway that leads up to the porch from the lawn.  “I hear your brother’s a doctor.”
I nod once.  “Yes.  My brother Clint.  He’s a general practitioner.  He has a small office in town, but he breaks up his time working at the hospital, too.”  I pause.  “Did you have your own practice as well?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He answers, but I notice that his tone is clipped.
I know I’ve hit a nerve, but I want to see how far I can go before crossing the line.  “Did you…have a malpractice case?”
He folds his hands together, dipping his head down.  I can tell that this is a painful subject.  “No, not exactly.  I had insurance for that.”
“I know that Clint has the Cadillac of malpractice insurance.  He’s always said that being in a small town, he could be shut down for just about anything.”
“I agree.”
I stay silent for a moment, testing the waters, to see if Grayson will take the opportunity to escape.  When he doesn’t, I continue.  “If you had malpractice insurance, how come you lost your license?”
“I didn’t exactly lose it.” he says after a beat.  He licks his lips.  “Some patients stopped coming to see me and a complaint was filed with the medical board.” He clears his throat.  “I figured that…one-by-one…word would get around that I made a drunken mistake in the office.  Got out of there while I still had some dignity left.” He clears his throat again.  “The day that I closed up shop was the day that my brother pulled me by the scruff to get dried out.”
“Sounds like one hell of a brother.”
“Kurt told me he’d do it.” Grayson states.  “He saw that I was going downhill and he warned me.  He held up his promise.”
I look at my fingers in my lap.  “Sometimes we need a little bit of tough love.” 
“That why you hired help around here?”
I smile warmly at him.  “Yes.  That’s exactly what happened.  It was like one of those…interventions that you see on television…literally.  All my family came over one day, sat on this very porch, and told me that if I didn’t hire help, that they’d take the ranch away from me.  Either that or I’d die trying to keep the place up alone.”
Grayson looks up at me.  “Well, they weren’t wrong. It’s one hell of a job keeping a place like this up.”
“Well, yes.  I didn’t have the guest house or the staff quarters then, and I only had a few horses, but yes, it was quite an undertaking.”
“How come your family didn’t offer to stay and help you?” he asks, resting his boot on the step.  I’m half wanting to invite him to sit with me, but I don’t want to interrupt this string of conversation.
“They had.  Will was here until he left the nest to go to school.  Clint was in medical school.  My other siblings came and went, helping when they could.  Still do.  This place is like a revolving door, and has been, since my parents died.”  I decide to change the subject.  “Have you ever thought about going back into practice?  I mean, especially now that you’re out of El Paso?”
He tips his head to the side and then scratches a spot on the side of his face, like a fly has landed there, but one hasn’t.  “I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t thought about it.”
“I’m sure after cleaning up and starting afresh, that would be the first thing on my mind.”
“One day…maybe.” He admits.
“If you’ve been out a year, you’ve only got another year before your license expires, Grayson.”
He sighs. “Yeah, I know it.” he taps his toe on the stair.  “If my brothers were here right now, they’d be jumping on me.”
“Rightfully so.”
He lifts his head, as though he’s going to look at me, but instead he stares off into the afternoon sun.  “Laura, you ever been around a drinker?” 
“Can’t say that I have, no.”
“There’s a reputation there.” He explains solemnly.  “People look at you different.  Especially me.  You lose trust.  In the four years that I drank, I promised so many times that I’d quit and clean myself up.  Did it a couple of times, too, but I always went back.  There’s always going to be that uncertainty in my mind.  Will I wake up tomorrow and want a drink?  I don’t know.  This is the longest that I’ve been clean, so I’ll give myself that, but who knows how long that’ll last.”
“I see you keep a bible with you.  I saw it on the table.” 
This time he looks straight at me, but then he looks down again.  “Yeah,”
“Grayson?” 
He looks up at me.  
“Have faith in yourself.  Have faith in God.  Didn’t your program teach you that?”
He nods.  “A little, yes.  But you can have all the bible knowledge in the world, and deep down it’s you who makes it all stop.  God’s just there to hold your hand.”
“Then hang on tight, Grayson.” 

Chapter 7
Grayson

My hand is in hers while we walk from the car to the theater.  It’s dark and the place is crawling with an influx of people from all walks of life.  One corner of the street is a woman dressed fancier than my wife, but on the other side is a bum, sitting on his ass, back against the brick wall, holding his hand out for spare change.  This place gives me the creeps, but Kelly loves to go to see these Broadway-calibre shows.  
Our house isn’t far from here, but thankfully it’s in a safe part of town.  We moved here three years ago and chose this location to satisfy us both.  On the one hand, it keeps us happy because it’s close to both of our workplaces, and on the other hand, it’s not far from the heart of the city, so Kelly can not only keep her finger on the pulse of the city, but she can also satisfy her need for keeping up somewhat of an elite lifestyle.  
Kelly and I are total opposites, but as they say, opposites attract.  She’s a reporter for one of El Paso’s top newspapers, and I’m a doctor in a quiet nook in town.  This woman, who I grew up with, and who I’ve known since we were in Elementary School together, has seen me through thick and thin.  She’s the reason why I went to medical school instead of staying on my father’s ranch.  Not that I don’t adore what I do, because as God is my witness, I do.  Becoming a doctor has been my dream for as long as I can remember.  I just couldn’t find the courage to tell my daddy that I didn’t want to carry on the family business.  It was because of Kelly that I did that.
As we walk along the street, the din from cars honking, people shouting, and shoes clanking along the concrete tiles, I hold her hand tighter.  My nerves are completely shot in this place, but she drags me out at least once a month. Says it’s good for me to be exposed to this kind of life.  Lord knows why.  But when we hear a scream, Kelly’s reporter hat immediately goes on.  “Babe, ignore it.  We’re right at the theater.  Let’s just go in where it’s safe.”
“Grayson, what if it’s something really exciting?  I have my camera with me, let’s go.” She whispers, as if it’s a secret.  Never mind the fact that someone could be hurt or in need of help. This is the part of me that clashes with the part of her that is hungry for a story.  Another scream, and a gunshot blast, and Kelly bolts to the bank of stores just up ahead.  Forget about calling nine-on-one, forget about running like hell in the opposite direction, away from danger, and to safety.  No, my wife is running to the scene.
“Kelly!” I shout out.  Half of me wants to catch up to her and grab her arm, dragging her back to the car, so we can get the hell out of here, and the other half knows to just let her go.  She was born a reporter, and that part of her instinct will never change.  Pulling my phone out of my pocket, I dial nine-one-one to report that a shot was fired.  As I approach, I see that a throng of people have collected outside the store.  Nobody has run away, carrying a bag full of money or anything, so I’m curious as to what is going on.
As I get closer, after hanging up with the police, I see that it looks more like a domestic dispute.  Whoever had the gun has either fled or put the gun away, because all I can see is a cluster of people shouting and in each other’s faces.  Of course, my wife is off to the side, getting footage of everything.  When I hear the sirens approach from a distance, the crowd doesn’t change behavior at all, until the sirens get louder.  Somebody yells, “Police!”
The next ten seconds are ingrained in my brain forever.  Another gun shot is fired, and then another.  The crowd thins, and I shove off to the side, not wanting to leave without Kelly.  Screams, cries, shouts fill my ears, as the sound of the gunshot blast still reverberates through my head.  When a final gunshot is heard, a blood-curdling scream comes from a woman, and as the crowd moves out of the way, I see Kelly laying on the polished linoleum floor.
Her camera is inches from her hand.  I run to her, ignoring the knowledge that the gunman could still be nearby.  “Kelly!  Jesus Christ, you’re hit!  We need a medic!” I yell as loud as my lungs will shout.
There is blood coming from her abdomen, and I shake my head, knowing what that means.  Pulling her blouse from her skirt, the blood is staining her clothes faster than I can pull them away.  Immediately, I pull my shirt out of my pants and rip it off, ignoring the buttons flying in all directions.  Placing it on the wound, I apply pressure as much as I can without cutting her breath off.  “Stay with me, baby.” I say, looking deep into her eyes.  
She nods, but her breathing is ragged.  Her face has lost its color entirely.  Blood is pooling beside me.  The knees of my pants are soaked in my wife’s blood.  Reaching for her camera, her hand is trembling.  The blood is pooling around her camera, and it’s like she’s trying to save it, as though her camera’s life is more precious than her own.  
Her voice quivers as she utters.  “Take this.  I love you.”
“I love you, too, baby.” I say, looking her directly in the eye.  “You’re going to be fine.  Just hang in there.  The ambulance is here.”  My hands haven’t left her belly, even though they’re both soaked in her blood.  My shirt is red, when it was once white.  “Stay with me.” I say to her.  
But as she takes a cleansing breath, her eyes stop blinking, and her belly stops rising and falling.  Her grip around the camera loosens, and her camera falls to her side.  “No!” I shout.  “No!  Kelly, baby, stay with me!” I beg, feeling tears pool inside my eyes.  A lump is in my throat as I scream from the top of my lungs.  “We need an ambulance!”
I look at her, and her eyes are still open, lending me some hope.  But as I look at them, they stare off into space.  She’s left me…my Kelly has left me.  And as I imagine her hand rising to brush the sides of my face, I awake.
My body is bathed in sweat as I awake in the porch chair out front.  It takes me a minute to remember how I got there.  Sleep wouldn’t come last night, so I decided to take a walk to the main house.  At four o’clock in the morning, the front porch was vacant, so I sat there, taking in the inky blackness of the sky, and the silence, when I must have drifted off.  As I awaken, I see that the sun is coming up, and I hear the front door open.  
Laura is standing at the door in a white robe. Her hair is dripping wet and curly all down her shoulders.  With bare feet and a cup of tea in hand, she says.  “Good morning.  Did you sleep out here?”
Rubbing my eyes, I answer.  “Not exactly.  I couldn’t sleep last night.  Took a walk.  Ended up out here.”
She sits in the chair next to me and sips her tea.  Then she looks over at me.  “Well, you look like hell, Grayson.  If you don’t mind me saying so.”
“Don’t mind at all.  I know it.” I chuckle.  “Had myself a nightmare.”
“I get those a lot.” She admits.  And I wonder what hers are about.
“Yeah?  Are they like a ‘too many crackers and cream cheese before bed’ kind of thing?”
She giggles.  It sounds like an owl and gets a little chuckle out of me.  “No.  Nothing like that at all.”  Taking another sip, she swallows.  “What about you?  What are yours about?”
“Oh, that’s getting a little too heavy for five o’clock in the morning.” 
“You want a coffee?” she offers.  “I’ve got a pot on for the boys.”
“No, thanks.  I don’t drink coffee.”
“Well, Grayson.  You’re not giving me a whole lot of wiggle room here.”
“Sorry about that.” I say warmly.  “I’ve learned over the years to keep things to myself.”
“I get that.” She touches my hand.  “I suppose after going through what you did with your medical practice, that you keep a lot of things under your hat.  I don’t disagree.  But at the same time, you also have to have someone that you can talk to.  Someone you can trust.  Someone who won’t share your troubles with anyone else unless it’s to keep you safe.” Laura pauses.  “Now, I’m not saying that that has to be me or anything.  I know we just met.  But, I think it’s important that you have someone like that in your life.”
“I do, Laura.  My brother Kurt is that for me.” Which is a half-lie.  Kurt wouldn’t sell his soul to the devil in exchange for dirt on me, but he’s also used my confidentiality against me once or twice. I suppose as a sibling, that’s to be expected at one time or another, but what Laura is saying is that you need to have someone who offers that position unconditionally.
“Well, I’m glad.”  She says warmly.  “Would you like some freshly squeezed orange juice?”
“Well, now, that sounds delicious.” I admit.
“Good.  Oranges are in the fridge.” She says, and then I look over at her, and she’s smirking.  She bursts into a laugh and it’s contagious.
“Laura, you’re a spitfire in the morning.” I comment, still chuckling.  
“Sorry.  My brothers and I have used that trick so many times.  I just wanted to try it on someone that isn’t family for a change.” She says.  “I usually get a punch in the arm for that, but I’ll thank you for showing restraint.”
Bending to her, I punch her lightly on the arm, and as I lean back into the chair, I hear tinkling on the porch floor.  My hand goes immediately to my throat, and I realize that it’s my rings.  They’ve fallen.  “Ah, shoot!” I sputter.  Laura sees the rings rolling around on the floor.  She places her tea on the floor and kneels to pick one up.  The other is headed towards one of the spaces between the slats on the floor.  I grab it before it goes down and is lost forever.  
Inspecting one, Laura peers down at Kelly’s wedding band.  “To Kelly, Love Grayson.” The inscription says around the inside of the band.  Handing me the band, she looks at me expectantly.  
“No points for originality for me.” I say, taking the ring.  
“At least you had the forethought to do that.” She says.  
She’s looking at me, waiting for me to look at her.  “Divorced?” she asks carefully.
I shake my head no.  
Laura looks at me with a sincerity that I haven’t seen from anyone in a long time.  “I’m sorry.” She says so softly that I can barely hear her.
I nod once and tuck the rings in my front pocket.  
We both take our seats again.  She’s the first to talk after a beat.  “I didn’t see your chain.  Did it fall down your shirt?”
After looking, to no avail, we quickly search the floor.  “It must have fallen down the gap.” She says.
“Yeah.”
“At least the rings didn’t.” she points out.  “You can always get a new chain.”
“Kelly…bought me that chain.” I say softly.  “But I don’t expect you to tear up your porch to find it for me.”
Laura is silent.  
“I suppose with this line of work, I shouldn’t be wearing jewelry at all, anyway.”
“I haven’t so much as worn a bauble in many years.” she volunteers.  “But taking off your wedding band, that…that takes work.  I suppose your way is clever though, kind of like a smoker moving from cigarettes to nicotine gum.”
I smile.  “Never really thought of it that way.” I look at her.  “I assume you’re speaking from experience.”
She nods once.
“Divorced?” I ask, mirroring her earlier question.
She shakes her head no.
I look at my lap.  “I’m sorry, too.”
She pinches her lips into a smile that I take as thanks.  “How long?” 
“Five years.  You?”
“Ten.”
I lift my brows.  “Geez.  You couldn’t have been married long.”
“We knew each other all our lives.  Married at nineteen.  Married ten years.”
“We were high school sweethearts.  Married at twenty-two, and we were married for thirteen years.”
“So that makes you forty?” she checks.
“Not yet.  A couple more months to go.”
“Ah, so we’re the same age.” She smiles. “I just turned thirty-nine.”
“Well, Laura, I have to say.” I place my hand on hers.  “I guessed you couldn’t be more than thirty.  You could even pass for your late twenties.”
She smirks at me.  “Forget it. No raises until your probation is over.”
“I’m serious.” I shake my head.  “This line of work tends to age the face, but you…you must have some secret youth serum.”
“It’s the horses.” She says whimsically.  “They keep me young.”
“I hear ya there.”
“That and very good sunscreen.” She says, winking at me.  
Spewing another laugh, I look at her.  “Do I get hazard pay for all this laughter you’ve bequeathed me?”
“What, you don’t like to laugh?”
“Haven’t in a lot of years.  Jokes usually irritate me. Especially when one of my brothers makes me the brunt of them.”
“Well, then, that’s the difference.  My jokes are usually of the self-deprecating nature.”
“I can see that.” I chuckle. 
“And Will is a card.  He’s always making me laugh.”
“I see that, too.” I smile.  “I’m glad to see that my first boss has a sense of humor.”
“Your last boss didn’t have one?”
“My last boss was myself.” I say, matter-of-factly.
“I understand your pain, Grayson.” She says, touching my hand again.  “I am the boss.”
“That’s what I hear.” 
“And as your boss, I think you shouldn’t take life so seriously.”
“I’ll try not to.”
“Working with horse shit might help.”
Another laugh comes out of me.  “Are you going for a record?”
She laughs with me.  “How am I doing so far?”

Chapter 8
Laura
It’s kind of nice, I’ll admit, to be in the presence of another widow.  That’s something you don’t stumble upon often, unless you’re at the senior’s center, which I don’t frequent.  Being a relatively young widow has always been difficult, too.  Living in a small town can go either way in that respect.  On one hand, everyone knows what happened to Quentin, so they look at me differently, but on the other hand, I find that I don’t have to explain myself on a lot of matters.  Like when I go to the bank, I’m not asked my marital status, and things like that.  
It is my hope that Grayson’s wife didn’t die of some long, horrible disease.  At least that’s something that kept me strong after Quentin’s death.  He’ll be forever young in my mind and everyone else’s who knew him.  His death was, although likely excruciatingly painful, it was quick.  Lots of people aren’t graced with a quick death.  
Grayson heads out to his quarters to take a shower and get ready for the day as Wendy and Grace arrive for theirs.  I run upstairs and get dressed, and as I’m standing in my bedroom, I’m compelled to open my jewelry box.  Inside it is the set of wedding bands that were once worn by me and Quentin.  I didn’t tell Grayson that I only stopped wearing mine about a year ago.  And the only reason that I stopped was because it got caught in a grate for the drain in the stable.  If it hadn’t been for that, I’d probably still be wearing it.
Hanging on a hook in my jewelry box that looks like a humidor, is one of Quentin’s chains.  Pulling it off the hook, I place it in my pocket.  He hardly wore it.  It was a gift from his mother when he was a teenager.  Quentin always said that it made him look like a pimp or Liberace, so he only brought it out when it was a special occasion and his mother would be there.  He hated jewelry.  In fact, he hardly wore his wedding band, except for the above-mentioned circumstances.  
As I go downstairs, I see that Grayson has almost finished his breakfast.  Grace hands me a plate, and I stand off to the side, eating.
“Laura, sit here.  I’m done.” Grayson says with his mouth full, taking the last bite.
“No, that’s fine.” I wave.  “I always eat standing up.”
“She does.” Simon says.  “I’m always offering her my seat, but she never takes it.”
“It’s not healthy to eat standing up.” Grayson advises.  “Your food doesn’t settle properly.”
I give him a wink, but I don’t respond with the comeback that I want to, to respect his privacy.  He winks back, as if reading my mind.  Putting my plate down for a moment, I say to him.  “Let me see you in the living room for a second.” I gesture with my chin.
“Yes, ma’am.” He says, following me.  
Pulling the chain out of my pocket, I hand it to him.  “It’s the least I can do.  It belonged to Quentin, but he hated it.  He never wore it.  He would have been happy to give it away.”
His face falls.  “Oh, Laura, I couldn’t.  That’s too much.”
“No, really.  It’s just collecting dust in my jewelry box.” I plead.  “Quentin absolutely hated it.  It has no sentimental value at all.  I promise.”
He tilts his head.  “Really, Laura.  I couldn’t.  It may not have any sentimental value to you, but it’s a memory all the same.  There aren’t too many of those left once a loved one is gone.  I simply can’t take it.” he says, handing it back to me.  
“Well, let’s see if we can look down the patio floor.  Maybe we can reach it from there somehow.”
“That’s okay, Laura.  I appreciate it.  I’ll have a look later. It’s quite alright.”
“Are you sure?” I ask, feeling so guilty for him losing it. I feel like it’s my fault somehow.  
“It’s absolutely fine.  But thank you.” He says, tipping his hat by lifting it off his head slightly.  
We hear a knock at the door.  “I’ll get it.” I say, trotting to the front door.
As I open it, I see an eight-year-old child on the other side of the door.  It’s one of Louie’s children, Elizabeth.  “Well, hello there, little Miss.  What can I do for you? I say with a huge smile.  Elizabeth, Louie’s eldest daughter, is just a delight.  Next to her is a large dog; a collie.
“I was just wondering if you knew this dog.” She looks down at the beautiful animal.  He’s got a shiny coat and his tongue is good and pink.  His face and eyes are clear.  I notice that he’s not wearing a collar.  “We found him wandering at our place, in the yard.”
“Gosh, no.  I haven’t seen him before.”
Her face brightens slightly.  “Mama said we can’t keep him if he’s got a home.”
“Well, he certainly doesn’t live here.”
“Mama says that he’s a collie.  And that collies are natural herding animals; that you might have better use for him.”
Grayson walks closer to the door, having overheard the exchange.  “Have you got a shelter around here, Laura?  Maybe I can take him over and see if anyone’s missing a dog.”
Elizabeth kneels, hugging the dog.  “Oh, no, mister.  Please don’t take him to a shelter.  If they don’t find his owner, they’ll put him to sleep.  He’s such a fine animal.”
“She’s right.” I admit.  “We should take him up to the vet and get him scanned.  If he’s got a microchip, we’ll hopefully be able to find his owners.”
“Can I come?” Elizabeth begs.
“Oh, now, did your mama send you over here?” I ask.
“Yes, ma’am.” 
“Then you should probably get back home, so she doesn’t worry about you, right?”
“Yes, ma’am.”  She says solemnly.  “But what if you don’t find his home?  Can I keep him?”
“You better ask your mama, Elizabeth.” I warn.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Now you go on home.  I’ll see you later, okay?” 
Elizabeth nods, leans over to kiss the dog’s head, and runs off down the street.
“Cute kid.” Grayson comments.
I sigh.  “That’s the last thing that poor Myrtle needs.  A dog.  She’s already got six kids and a nanny to house and feed.”
“You’re probably right.  If he doesn’t have a chip, then we should post signs, in case someone’s looking for him.”
“Yeah.  We can also go door-to-door.  Word will get around fast enough here.”
“I’ve got to pick up different stakes for that trough, and the fence around the pasture could use more wire and fasteners.” Grayson says. “Why don’t we take my pickup truck and I’ll go with you to the vet?”
“That sounds fine.” I say.  As we walk, the dog follows us, as though we’re his owners.  When Grayson opens the passenger side door of his pickup truck, the dog jumps right in.  “This boy has been properly trained.  There’s no way he’s a feral animal.”
“He’s a full breed, too, from the looks of him.  Someone paid big bucks to the breeder for him.”
The dog sits like a king in the cab of Grayson’s pickup, and he’s as well behaved as a well-trained animal.  Grayson looks over at me.  “You ever think about getting a dog?  This breed suits horses really well.  We had one when I was growing up.  His name was Chip.”
“I don’t even have kids.  I certainly wouldn’t know what to do with a dog.” I say with a chuckle.
“I never had kids, either, but save for the last two years, I’ve always had a dog.”
“Then if we don’t find him a home, he’s yours.” I lift my brows and tilt my head.
“How come you never had kids?  You were married longer than I was.” He asks conversationally.
“It just…never happened.” I shrug.  “We never discussed it.  We never used any birth control, either, so I’m not sure what happened there.” I look out the side window contemplatively.  “I suppose with all the work…we forgot to try for kids.”
“You mean you and your husband never…?” he trails off, letting me fill in the blanks.
“Well, I mean, we were married.  Of course we did, but, I suppose we didn’t in the times when we were supposed to.”  I look at him.  “How come you never had kids?”
“For the same reason, I guess.” He explains.  “Laura was a reporter for a national newspaper, and I was a full-time physician.  Things got busy.  Life got hectic.  We never discussed it, either.”
“But you wanted to have kids?”
He looks at me from down his nose.  “Laura, I come from a huge family.  Making kids is what we do.”
“Same here.” My voice is flat and matter-of-fact.  “So…how come neither of us had any?” 
“Beats me.  I’m too old for kids now.” Grayson states, pulling into the driveway of the veterinary clinic, five minutes from the ranch.
“You’re a year younger than me.” I state.  “If it’s too late for anyone, it’s too late for me.”
“I hear ya.” He pulls the emergency brake up and unbuckles his seatbelt.  “You ready to go, buddy?”
The dog wags his tail.  He has no idea that he’s going to the vet.  “I thought dogs were supposed to hate going to the vet?”
“Not anymore.” Grayson says, opening the door.  “They have treats there.”
As Grayson opens the door for me, the dog trots inside first.  He enters the building and immediately sits.  “He’s not stupid.” Grayson says.  “He knows what to do to get a treat.”
There is nobody in the waiting room at such an early hour.  The clinic has just opened.  A man in a white smock, with a stethoscope hanging around his neck, walks into the waiting room.  “Good morning.” He says.  The nametag on his right breast pocket says, ‘Dr. Green.’
“Good morning.” I say.  “Do you have a scanner?  This dog showed up in our neighbor’s yard a little while ago, and he has no collar or tag.”
Dr. Green nods.  “Certainly.  I’ll go get it.”
Grayson sees the bowl of dog treats on the counter and tosses one at the dog.  He catches it and eats it up.  A second later, Dr. Green reappears, carrying a contraption that looks just like a scanner at a department store.  “Come here, little fella.” He says to the dog.  The dog approaches and sits.  “Well trained.  Definitely not feral.” He slides the scanner over the back of the dog’s neck a couple of times, and then looks at the display.  “Nothing is registering, I’m afraid.”
“What do you suggest we do?” Grayson asks.  “Keep him and post signs…put an ad in the paper?”
“I’d offer to keep him here, but, my largest kennel is being used right now.”
I lift a hand.  “No, that’s fine.  We can take him.  I own Kelsey’s Ranch.  We have plenty of room.”
Dr. Green’s face brightens.  “Oh yes, Kelsey’s Ranch.  Doctor Burrows tends to your horses, doesn’t he?”
Dr. Burrows is the best equine veterinarian in town.  “Yes, he does.  Luckily, I haven’t had to knock on his door for a while.” 
“Well, if you need any help with this dog, please give me a call.” Dr. Green says.  Then he reaches under the counter where the dog treats are, and hands me a few small bags of food. “These are samples, but it should be enough to get him through a couple of days.”
“Thank you.  That’s awfully kind.” I say.  
“Have a good day.” Dr. Green says.
“Thanks so much.” Grayson says.
The dog trots along with us happily.  “We should probably call him something.  At least while we’ve got him.” Grayson suggests.
“How about Chip?  You said you had a dog named Chip once.”
“That sounds good.  I’ll remember that name.”
The dog seems to settle well once we get him back to the house, after visiting the hardware store.  Grayson takes his supplies back to the barn, and Chip follows him around so naturally, you’d think that he belonged here.  I print off a bunch of signs after taking a couple of pictures of Chip, and I take my tape gun and start taping the signs to light posts, I take a few over to the grocery store, the drugstore…you get the idea.  
When I return, Chip and Grayson are sitting on the porch.  Grayson has a large glass of ice water, and Chip has a metal bowl with water in it, half empty.  Grayson’s shirt is beaded with sweat, and he looks to be still catching his breath.  “You’ve had a busy morning.” He says to me as I approach.
“I was about to say the same to you.” I comment.  
“Takes a lot of power to hammer those stakes into the ground.”
“How come you didn’t let Simon do it?  He always handles the heavier stuff.”
“He did some, and then I did some.  Believe me, there were enough of them to go around.” He looks at Chip, who is drinking out of the bowl.  “I hope you don’t mind him using that bowl.  Grace was careful to give me one that isn’t breakable.”
“Not a problem.  A bowl is a bowl.”  Then I remember something.  I’m in charge of making my famous punch for Clint’s birthday party this weekend. “As long as she didn’t give him my good punch bowl, it’s fine.  I need that this weekend.”
“Having a party?”
I nod. “Clint, my brother.  It’s his birthday this weekend.  He’s turning thirty-five.  We’re having a thing here at the ranch.  Everyone’s invited.”
“Everyone?”
“Including you and all the other boys.” I say, grinning.  “It’s black tie.”
He cranes his neck.
I smile.  “Gotcha.”  A laugh. “But you should have seen the look on your face.”
He tilts his head sideways and shakes his head. “You’re something else, Laura.  One of these days…”
“Go ahead.  I have enough practice fighting with boys, seeing as I’m related to half of them in town.” A chuckle at the obvious exaggeration.  
He grins.  “That’s fine.  But I’m…not much into parties.”
“Aw, come on, Grayson.” I say levelly.  “A fat man still has to learn to be around food.”
“Well…that’s true, I suppose.”
“You’re telling me that in the last year, you haven’t been to one birthday party?” I’m feigning exasperation.
“I usually opt out of them, yes.”
“Well, let me tell you something, Grayson.  If you keep opting out of all the fun things in life, just because you’re afraid of slipping up, you’re fixing to miss out on a lot.” I raise my brows and nod once for emphasis.  “My family is very fun, and you might as well get used to birthday parties…with the number of siblings I have, we just about have one every month, if not for each other, for girlfriends, boyfriends, you name it, we get together a lot.  And this is Clint’s thirty-fifth, so you’d best be there.”
“Can I bring my dog?  For moral support?” the look on his face is adorable, as he bends down and pets Chip’s head.
“Yes, Chip can come, too.  If he’s still here, that is.” I state.  “I think every light post in Huttonville has a poster on it.”
He bends to pet him again. “To be honest, I hope he can stay.  I’ve kind of grown to like the little fella.”
“I can tell.” I look over at the horses.  “I feel like going for a ride.”
“Care for some company?”

Chapter 9
Grayson

My mare is in a trot, as is Laura’s stallion, as we ride out of the pasture.  Chip follows us, not even a bark out of him towards the horses.  
“Your stallion is riding well.” I comment as she tosses her long sandy blonde braid onto her back.  With a hat on, and matching boots, she looks rather fetching.  Laura keeps herself well, too.  I don’t think she realizes how attractive she is.  
“He’s tamed nicely.  Simon and Johnnie have been great with him.” she responds, squeezing her legs together so the horse will go a little faster.  “They’re my two horse experts.”
We break into a gallop as we travel across a healthy patch of pasture, then into greenery.  A few yards away, it turns into kind of a trail, and then back into open land.  “This all yours?” I ask, raising my voice as the horses gallop.
“Yes.  It ends where that manmade pond is over there.” She gestures with her chin to a small body of water barely visible in the distance.  “We’ll stop there.”
As we approach, Chip runs straight for the water, dipping his nose in, taking a drink.  Dismounting, we both lead our horses to the water, and they take a drink as well.  “We dug this moat to mark the end of our property.  That was before I bought that patch of woods back there.” She says.  “It’s also a great place to stop for a break.  Took a lot of work to do this, you wouldn’t think to look at it.”
There are large boulders on both sides, in graduated heights.  Laura takes a seat on one of them.  One of the boulders has an inscription chiseled out and stained black.  It says, ‘Quentin Warner…Forever Young’ and his birth and death year underneath.  “This is also where my husband died.” She says softly.
“Did he have a heart attack or something?” I ask, cupping water into my hands and taking a drink as I squat by the water.
“Before this pond was built, it was all overgrown and years ago my grandfather had put up fencing, for the same reason why this pond is here.  The fencing fell over time and as it became overgrown.  Quentin was out riding one day, and the horse tripped on the fencing.  Quentin was crushed by the horse.”
His eyes bulge.  “Jesus Christ.  What a way to go.” I shake my head in disbelief.
“How did your wife die?”
“I mentioned before that she was a reporter.”
Laura nods.
“Always hungry for a story, Kelly was.” I say levelly.  “So hungry that she put herself in danger chasing a story and took a bullet in the gut.  Bled to death at the scene.”
“Good…Lord.” Laura gasps.  “How awful.”
I nod.  
“I thought Quentin’s death was terrible.” She looks at me.  “You win.”
I chuckle a little.  I think that’s the first time I’ve ever seen the slightest bit of humor in the situation.
“They didn’t erect any boulder with her name on it where she died, either.” I add.
She chuckles.  “No, I suppose not.”
Chip jumps up on the boulder and lays down, resting his head on Laura’s lap.  “Wow, he’s really taken a liking to you.” 
“He’s very sweet.” She says, petting him.  “You miss your family, Chip?”
He doesn’t answer, but he licks her hand.  “Aww…what a lover.”
The horses finish drinking the water and stand back.  
“We should probably head back.” I suggest.  “Unless you want to ride out further.”
“No, I just wanted to go for a quick ride.  It’s been a couple of days.  Normally I ride out every day.  That’s how I gauge when I’m getting too busy.”
“So far you’re not doing so well then.” 
“No, but I’m out now.” She smiles.  
“I’ll make sure you get out every day.  I’ll join you.”
“Sounds good to me.”
As we ride back to the ranch, we both notice a car in the driveway.  “My brother Clint’s here.” Laura says as she dismounts.
“He the doctor?”
She nods.  “Yes.  He must be off his shift at the hospital.”
Chip comes in the house with us, and this tall man, with darker hair than Laura’s, but with the same eye color, sees the dog right away.  “Hey, there…Laura?  You get a dog?” he asks, seeing his sister at the door.  He gives her a kiss on the cheek and nods to me as Grace hands him a cup of coffee.
“Clint, Grayson.  He’s our new Lead Hand.” Laura says by way of introduction.
We shake hands.  Clint has an honest face. His hair is cut short and tidy, lending him a professional air. Definitely doctor material.  “Pleased to meet you.” He says to me, and then he addresses Laura.  “How’s Myrtle doing with Louie gone?”
“Fine.” She nods.  “Missus Bee is helping her out.  Elizabeth brought the dog over this morning.  He seems to have fled from his owners. We’ve got signs posted but for now he’s staying with us.”
“I see.” He smiles.  “You can always use a dog like that here, at any rate.”
The front door knocks as we all stand there, and as I’m just about to say that I’m going to get back to work.
“Laura, you in there?” a voice calls from the storm door.
“Come on in, Lisa.” Laura chuckles.  
Lisa has short, dark curly hair, framed nicely around her face in spirals.  She’s Laura’s height and has pink gloss on her lips.  When she enters the house, she gives me an evaluating glance that makes my hairs stand on end. 
“Well, hello.” She says to me, with a somewhat suggestive tone.  
“Hello, ma’am.” I say, lifting my hat off my head, and offering my hand for her to shake.
“This is Grayson.  I’ve just hired him as Lead Hand.” Laura explains, giving her a slap for her flirty behavior.  “This is Lisa, my sister-in-law.”
“Lisa.” Clint says warmly.  “You behaving yourself?” he says, accepting a quick hug from her.
“Well, what fun is that?” she purrs, giving me another look.
Laura slaps her from behind.  
“And you?  Have you whisked some hot young woman off her feet yet?” she asks Clint.
“No.  Not yet.” He chuckles.  “I’m too busy lately.” He lifts a finger. “And no…you may not set me up…again.  Not after the last time.”
Lisa taps her foot on the floor.  “Do you know how many of my people are in line to date you?  Do you know how much of an eligible bachelor you are…being a handsome, rich doctor and all?”  she pauses for emphasis.  “Hell, I could pull in a profit setting you up, Clint.”
He smiles.  “You’re making my head swell, Lisa.  Thanks all the same, but, I’m not interested.”
She leans in and whispers, as if she’s going to tell him a secret.  “You’re not…gay, are you, Clint?” my face turns pink, and I want to climb into a hole.  As if we wouldn’t be able to hear her…good God!
Clint shakes his head and smiles.  “No, no, I’m as straight as an arrow.”
“Well, that’s too bad.” She comments. “Because I’ve got a couple of guy friends who would love to meet you, too.”
For that, Clint rolls his eyes.  “Laura, can I talk to you for a second?”
“Sure.” Laura says.  “Do you want to come into the study?”
He nods and follows her into the study.
I look at Lisa and she smiles like the Cheshire Cat.  For the first time ever, I’m nervous around a woman.  “Hi,” she says.  Her voice is smooth.
“Hello, ma’am.” I tip my head.
“So, you must be from out of town.  I’d remember seeing you.” She states. The way she’s talking, she should be clawing her way up my chest, but she’s showing restraint, thank God.  I want to dismiss myself and say that I have to get back to work, but I have to answer the question first.  My innate manners keep my feet planted to the floor.
“That’s right, ma’am.  I moved here from El Paso.”
“And what did you do there?” her eyes slide down to my lips and an unsettling chill runs down my spine.
“I was unemployed there, actually.” I take a step back, but she follows me.
Her voice is like silk but it’s making my skin crawl.  “Are you married?” 
“No, ma’am.”  I want to say that I’m widowed, but fear that will beg more questions.  For an attractive woman, Lisa spoils her appearance by being about a hundred times too forward.
“Ah,” she breathes.  “Are you looking?” the smile on her face could break world records.
“No, ma’am.” I shake my head, taking another step back.
She lifts a brow.  “Are you gay?” 
I chuckle, totally surprised at the vulgarity of this woman.  I’ve taken so many steps back, I’m almost at the closed study door.
When suddenly, it opens.  Thank God!
“Lisa.  Let’s go in the kitchen.” Laura says, rescuing me.
“I…I’ve got to go fix the stable.” I stutter, trotting as quickly as I can out of the house, with Chip in my wake.
As I head into the stable, I see Simon inside, fixing the door on the stable, and I go over there, readying to start fixing the one next to it.
“Lisa here?” he asks, chewing on a sprig of hay.
I crane my neck backward and my eyes bulge.  “Yes.”
“You got out alive.  Good sign.” His voice is flat.  
“Are all women like that in Huttonville?” 
He shakes his head.  “Naw.  She’s in a class all by herself, I’m afraid.  Shy men get eaten alive by the likes of her.” He switches the sprig of hay to the other side of his mouth.  “She set me up once.  Hooooeeeee!  With one hell of a woman.”
“Really.” I’m intrigued.  “Well, what happened?”
“Ah, she wasn’t my type.”
A ‘v’ forms between my brows, but I’m smiling.  “What do you mean?”
He sets down the screwdriver that he’s holding and stands with his feet hip-width apart and his arms crossed over his chest.  His overalls are stained, and one strap is hanging down, unfastened.  His ten-gallon hat is stained with sweat in a ring all around the brim.  Bits of his brown hair are sticking out under the hat.  “Grayson, do I look like the kind of guy who would know what in hell a Manolo Blahnik is?”
My neck cranes backward.  “Well…what is it?”
“It’s a damn brand name for fancy women’s shoes.  This woman…into all of that.” He emphasizes with his hand, sweeping it in the air in front of him.
“So, Lisa isn’t much of a matchmaker then.  I heard Clint begging her not to set him up again, too.”
“Shoot…Clint’s here, too?” Simon says, in disbelief.  “They must be making plans for the party this Saturday.”
“I suppose so.”
“You coming to that?”
“Laura has informed me that I am expected to be there, yes.”
Simon lifts his hand, angling at his mouth, as though he’s going to tell me a secret, even though we are the only two inside the stable.  “Word of advice, Grayson.”
I nod.
“Wear a cup.”
I bark out a laugh.  This guy is a card.  “Why on earth would I need to?”
He pats my shoulder.  “Trust me, my boy.” He says, even though we’re roughly the same age.  “Last birthday party, I got sacked so hard, I couldn’t ride for a week.”
Snuffling a laugh, I shake my head, picking up a hammer from the open toolbox on the tiled floor.  “They’re that crazy, are they.” I state, hammering out a dent in the fencing on one of the kennels.
“I’ll say.” He agrees.  “The whole lot of them are nuts.  Lotta fun though.  Except for getting nailed by a runaway horseshoe.”
“Horseshoe?”
“They play horseshoes.” He says as if I should know.
“Oh.” I bark.  “Well, that’s not too crazy.”
He lifts his brows.  “You wait and see.”

Chapter 10
Laura
When Clint asked to speak with me, I hesitated at first.  Poor Grayson, I thought.  Lisa can be very forward, even though she means well and is as sweet as pie.  Like with Quentin, Lisa and I grew up together.  She and I have been best friends since forever, and she was only too tickled when I married her brother.  When Quentin died, she was my rock.  We leaned on each other like you could not imagine.  The woman is so much fun, she’s half the reason I got through being widowed at twenty-nine.  But she’s respectful of me not being ready to date.  If anyone would understand, it’s her, seeing as she’s my deceased husband’s sister.  
As I close the door to the study, Clint takes a seat, inspecting his hands for what, I don’t know.  “So, what happened with Louie?”
“He tried to steal mama’s brooch to pawn it.”
He shakes his head.  “Jesus Christ.” He looks up at me, as I take a seat at the desk.  “And you had no indication that he was in any financial trouble?”
“Why would he tell me?” I scoff.
Clint lifts a shoulder.  “Too late for that now, I guess.” A pause.  “So, you’ve got Missus Bee over there?”
“Yes.  And I’m covering her wages.  I’ve also given Myrtle a good sum to get her off her feet.  I’m hiring a nurse when she has her back surgery, so she’ll be well looked after.”
“Need any help?  You want me to look after her post-operatively?”
“No, she says she has a good doctor.” I name the doctor, and Clint nods his agreement.
“So, what’s Grayson’s story?”
I trust all my siblings with my life. They have never betrayed me, so I know that sharing Grayson’s personal details with Clint will be fine.  “He’s widowed.  Wife was shot.”
“He from Dallas?” Clint guesses.
“El Paso.  His wife was a reporter for a newspaper.”
Clint shakes his head, and I assume that he’s put two-and-two together that she got shot chasing a story.  Drawing in a deep breath, I get down to the nitty-gritty.  “He’s a recovered alcoholic.”
“I bet.  Did he witness the shooting?”
I nod.
He shakes his head again.  “Jesus…what a world.” He lets out a nervous chuckle.
“He has a medical license.”
That statement gets a ‘v’ in between Clint’s eyes.  “He’s a doctor?”
Another nod.  “He closed up shop after his reputation was tarnished from the drinking.”
“He ever talk about giving it another go?  It wouldn’t be hard.  How long’s it been?”
“A year.”
“That could be reinstated if he doesn’t let it lapse.”
“I told him that.”
“I’m sure he knows.”
I rise.  “I should go rescue him before Lisa eats him alive.”
Clint rises with me.  “One more thing.  Hey, don’t go nuts with my birthday, okay?”
I tilt my head, searching his eyes.  “It’s your thirty-fifth, Clint.”
He presses his eyelids shut.  “Fine.  You want me to talk to Grayson?”
“Not unless he brings it up first.”
“Deal.”
When I open the door, I see Grayson and Chip scoot out of the house so fast, Clint starts to giggle.
“Let’s go in the kitchen.” I say to Lisa.
“I’ll see you later, ladies.” Clint says, and I lean back and give my brother a little kiss on the cheek.  
“Where’s mine?” Lisa purrs.
Clint points to the door.  “Out there.  I’m not getting any closer to you than this.” He smiles, joking.
“Coward.”
He leans in and kisses her cheek, good-naturedly.  Lisa smiles, satisfied.  “That’s better.”
“See ya.” Clint says, as he leaves.
Lisa and I start walking towards the kitchen.  “Lord, Laura, you sure know how to pick them.  Man, is Grayson a hunk, or what?”
I smirk.  “I hadn’t noticed.”
Her jaw drops.  “Oh, honey, open your eyes!  He’s the sexiest thing this part of town has seen in years!  Did you see his eyes?!  And don’t get me started on that hair, and the drawl!” she gushes.
“I could tell that you were into him.  You almost licked him in my living room.”
Lisa giggles.  “He’s delicious.  So…” We’re sitting at the kitchen table, directly across from each other.  Her hand reaches out to mine as she gives it a squeeze.  “Are you…interested…at all?”
My expression is flat.  “He’s an employee.  No.”
“But office romances are so hot, Laura!”
“Um…this isn’t an office. And I just hired him.  I would never even think about such a thing.”
She tilts her head to the side.  “And if he wasn’t part of your esteemed staff?” one of her eyebrows lifts.
Hesitating, my mouth opens.  But before I get anything out, she cuts me off.
“Ah, ah!” she warns, her voice raising an octave.  “See??  You would totally go for him.”
“I was going to say that he’s still wearing his wedding band…around his neck, of course…but it’s still there.”
That shuts her down.  She releases my hand, like she just saw a piece of snot on it.  “Oh…really?” her tone suggests that she doesn’t believe it.  “Well, that’s just…how long ago did she die?”
“Five years.”
“Okay, that’s just wrong.”
“Why is it wrong?  I only stopped wearing mine a year ago.” I point out.
“Yeah, but this is a small town, Laura.  Everyone knows that you’re widowed.  For you, it was just like a piece of jewelry.  You could have left it on your right hand, or your index finger and it would have had the same effect.”
“My point is…he’s not ready for anything like that.  Obviously.”
Lisa pulls a banana out of the fruit bowl in the center of the table and peels it.  I can feel her wheels turning as she takes a bite, and then she starts talking with her mouth full.  “But if he was ready…would you go for it with him?”
I’m suddenly uncomfortable.  I rise to go put the kettle on.  “I don’t see the point in discussing this, Lisa.  It will never happen.”
Scraping the leg of the chair on the floor, she turns around to face me.  “Never say never, Laura.”
I scoff.  “You’re the one who’s still single at age forty!  Why are you hounding me to pair up!  I’ve already been married once!”
Lisa waves.  “I’m not the marrying type.  You know that as well as I do.”
“This is true.” I agree.  “You couldn’t settle down if your life depended on it.”  I change the subject.  “Why don’t you go after Grayson?”
“He’s waaaayyyy too shy for me.  Heck, even Clint’s too shy for me.”
“Don’t go there.” I smile.  They dated for a little while.  But Clint is the marrying type.  Too much so.  He’s scared off every woman that he’s ever dated, because he’s too quick to get serious.
“Anyway,” I change the subject.  “Are you coming on Saturday?”
She gives me a knowing look.  “Do I ever miss an opportunity to be amongst eligible bachelors?”
“I was just checking.  And what are you bringing?  Just so I can add it to the meal plan.” For everyone who is coming and bringing something, I keep a tally, and whatever we’re short on, I get Grace to fill the gaps.  One year I even hired a caterer, but us Kelsey’s, we’re more about potato salad and hot dogs, so catered food was way too fancy.  
“I’ll bring a couple dozen buns if you like.”
“Sure.  That works.  I’m going to put Grayson on barbecue duty, FYI.  So, if you feel so inclined to romance him…” I trail off, teasing.
“You’re funny.” She rises to put the banana peel in the garbage.  “I have to get going.  I only stopped by to see this hot new guy you have working for you.”
I’m confused.  “How did you even know about him?  And more important, how did you know he was hot?”
Lisa shrugs.  “It’s a small town, Laura.” She gives me a quick hug.  “And I’m glad that you agree that he’s hot.” 
I give her a look like she’s just put words in my mouth.  “You’re all charm.”
“That’s why you love me.  See ya!” She says as she walks to the door.
An hour later, I’m checking emails in the study, and adding up all my numbers, so I’m prepared for month end processes.  When Grayson walks into the house, the study door is open, but he knocks softly on the door.  “I’ve just got to go take Chip up to the vet.  He’s run over something and needs some stitches in his paw.”
Concern washes over my face.  “Oh no, is he okay?”
“He’s yelping pretty good, but Simon’s got him in the truck already, with one of the rags covering the wound.  Looks like he ran over one of the farming tools that fell in the barn.  Not sure what, though.  Lloyd’s checking it out.  He should be okay.  Any word on his owner?”
I shake my head no.  “Not a word.  Do you want me to come with you?”
“No, it’s okay.  I’ll take him.  It shouldn’t be long.”
I rise and give him the company credit card.  “Here.  Take this.  Get him whatever he needs.”
“Thank you, Laura.” He says.  “That’s awfully kind.”
“I hope he’s okay.” I can hear the anguish in my voice.  Part of me can’t go see him.  I know my heart will sink if I have to hear him crying.
“I’ll take good care of him.”
“I’m sure you will.” I say with certainty.
An hour later, when they’re not back yet, I start to worry.  As I work my way to the porch, I see Grayson’s truck pull up.  Trotting over to the truck, I can’t believe how concerned I am over this animal.  It’s odd.  I’ve never had a dog before.  Grayson exits the truck and I can see Chip laying on the front seat.  His snout rests on the seat, and his head is stuck in a plastic cone.  The injured paw is bandaged up with white tape that looks like a saw couldn’t cut through it.
“He’s not very happy.” Grayson says as I move out of the way so he can get the dog.  “He was fine until Dr. Green put the cone on his head. Then he started whining.”
“Did he have to put him under anesthetic?”
Grayson shakes his head no.  “They just gave him a local.  Three stitches.  But he has to wear this cone until the stitches come out.  Dr. Green says that the paw is pretty mangled and if he chews through the stitches, he could lose his paw if it gets infected.”
He opens the door and Chip doesn’t even lift his head.  “Poor little guy.” I whine.  “Is he unable to walk?”
“He’ll be sore.” Grayson answers, picking Chip up.  
I wince as Grayson grunts with his weight.  “Does he weigh a lot?”
“Just awkward.  Is there some place we can put him, so he’ll be comfortable?”
“Can you manage taking him up to my bed?” I ask, unsure.
“Sure.  Lead the way.”
Grayson’s biceps are bulging right out as he carries Chip to the house, up the stairs, and lays him on my bed.  There is a thick quilt at the bottom, which is a perfect spot for him.  “Is it alright to lay him there?”
“Certainly.”
My bedroom hasn’t changed in years.  The only thing I changed since Quentin’s death was the hideous moose head and antlers he insisted we hang over the bed.  We argued over it for years, but that was the first thing to go after he died.  The thing gave me nightmares when he wasn’t around, even when he was alive.  I replaced it with a large, black & white framed photograph of Kelsey Ranch back when it was first built by my grandfather.  Lisa, my sister-in-law, is a photographer, and she had an aerial photograph done when she dated a helicopter pilot, after the new barn, guest house and staff quarters were built.  It’s gorgeous, and it’s hung on the opposite wall, over the gas fireplace, in black & white, of course.
It’s a rustic room, just like the rest of the house.  The bed is oak, with a carved head and footboard, and the spindles are also carved.  The dust ruffle hangs over the raised bed, and the matching oak nightstands have antique touch lamps on them.  Also oak, the double dresser has twelve drawers and a large, antique oval mirror hung above it.  On the dark oak floor are area rugs with accent colors in red and purple, which are mirrored in the pillows, curtains, and some decorative candles I have peppered around the room.  
Lisa put my room together, in case you’re wondering.  I do not have the eye for décor that she does.  The only modern things in my bedroom are the laptop, charging dock, and the vertical blinds covering my large windows.  That’s also how I get away with having such a dark color palette in my room; because the window is open all the time, lending much needed natural light.  Lisa insisted I put blinds up and leave them open when she did the final touches.  This is the room I grew up in.  The master bedroom I turned into a small sitting room.  All the bedrooms still have the beds they had when we were growing up.  The family was so large that many of us had to double up.  
Chip lifts his head when Grayson lays him on my bed.  He sniffs the air but otherwise doesn’t move.  “Beautiful bedroom.” Grayson comments, looking around.  
“Thank you.  I can’t take credit for it.  Lisa did it for me.”
“She a decorator?” he asks, hooking his thumbs through the loops on his jeans, as he walks over to the aerial photograph and observes it.
“Part-time.  She’s also a photographer.  All her work is freelance.”
“Impressive.  Beautiful photography.”
“Thanks.”
Chip lets out a little whine as he licks his lips from inside the cone.  “You okay, Chip?” I ask, petting his head as best as I can through the hole.
He just licks his lips again.  “Maybe we can take it off when we’re watching him?”
“Dr. Green said that we can take it off here and there, yes.  Especially when he eats and does his business.  But I wouldn’t recommend leaving it off overnight.  He’ll likely have chewed himself out of the bandage by morning.” Then he adds.  “I can take him down to my room later, when you’re ready for bed.”
“No, that’s fine.  He can sleep here.  He’ll be more comfortable.  Your bed is only a single.”
Grayson shrugs.  “He may keep you up.”
“It’s okay.”
“Your brother’s party is the day after tomorrow.  You want to be fresh for that, right?”
I smile, petting Chip.  “I’m a big girl.  I can handle it.”
“I’m sure you can.” As Grayson pats the door, on his way out, Chip whimpers.  “What’s the matter, buddy?” he chuckles, walking to him.
“Do you think his paw is sore?” I ask.
“The freezing is probably still active.” Grayson says.  “Maybe we should take the helmet off for a while.  See if he perks up.”
I giggle at ‘helmet’.
Grayson smiles.  “Well, you wouldn’t like to have one of these…flowerpots on your head, would you?”
“Not even a little bit.” 
He unties the hood and pulls it off.  Chip immediately raises his head and wags his tail.  “It appears that you read his mind.” I comment.
“Doesn’t take a genius to figure that one out.” Grayson winks.  “I’ll get back to work.  Call me if you need me to pick him up.  He should probably go do his business shortly, anyway. It’s been a while since he went. I wouldn’t want him to pee on your nice quilt.”
“We’ll deal with it.” I decide to change the subject.  “What did you think of Lisa?” I smile, like I’m expecting a quirky answer.
He lifts a brow, drawing in a breath.  “She’s a…spitfire. That’s for sure.”
“She likes you.”
“No.” he growls sarcastically, like he’s one hundred percent sure that she does.  “My guess is that she likes every male she bumps shoulders with.”
Grinning, I look at him.  “Any of your family or friends ever ask about you dating again?”
He chuckles.  “Only all the time.  You?” 
“Same.”
Another chuckle.  “At least for the last year I had an excuse.  When you’re in recovery, you can’t date anyone.  But that only lasted a year.  I’ve got to come up with another excuse pretty soon.”
“You better.  Lisa’s after you, and threatening to fix us up if that doesn’t work.”
He scoffs, good-naturedly.  “What, is she the town matchmaker?”
“Close enough.” I giggle.  “You ever think about dating again?” I ask, peering down at his shirt, where his wedding bands used to dangle.
Looking at me speculatively, he says.  “Someday, maybe.  But I need to look after other things first.” 
“Other things?”
“Yeah.  Like moving here and deciding what to do with my life.  Paying off debt.  Then I can move on.” He explains sincerely.  “I shot myself in the foot when I started drinking, and it was a long, downward spiral on the way to get dried out.”
I look up at him, after petting Chip on the head.  “That part about what to do with your life…have you ever thought about going back into medicine?”
He searches my eyes as he slides his hand down Chip’s back.  “I suppose that’s part of the reason why I moved out of El Paso.  I guess I just didn’t figure that part out yet.  My gut was telling me to leave, I just didn’t know why.”
As he says this, he speaks so softly, it makes me shiver.  That’s when I wonder if maybe there is another reason why he felt inclined to move out of the city, and maybe it wasn’t his gut driving him to it…maybe it was his heart.

Chapter 11
Grayson
I’m still hungry when bedtime comes, so I head down to the house, and knock on the front door.  Laura answers the door in her robe.  Her hair is all out, in waves down her chest, all the way to her waist.  Somehow, it looks longer than it did the other morning.  “Sorry to bother you, but I’m starving.  I meant to pick up some snacks the other day for my place, but I didn’t get around to it.  Grace said that there were leftovers from dinner.  Do you mind if I raid the fridge?”
“No. Not at all.  Come on in.” she says, opening the door.  She smells like lavender, like she just took a bath.  
“What do I smell?” I ask, drawing in a deep breath.
“Essential oils.  It helps relax the muscles.” She explains. “If you ever want to use my soaker tub, feel free.”
“I love the smell.”  I chuckle as I walk to the kitchen.  “There’s a sentence I never thought I’d say.”
“Wasn’t that potato salad Grace made delicious?” Laura says conversationally.
“There’s some left.  Plus a hamburger or two.  You want some?” I ask, pulling everything out of the fridge.
“I’ll have some potato salad.” She says, getting two plates down from the overhead cupboard.  “I could eat all the time if you let me.”
“Same here.”
“You’ll enjoy Saturday then. Plenty of food to go around.”
“What are you making?” I ask, eating potato salad right from the bowl.
“It’s like a Hawaiian salad.  Pineapples, whip cream, jello, marshmallows.  It was my mother’s recipe.”
“Sounds amazing.” I say, scooping salad on Laura’s plate.
“You want me to warm up the burger in the toaster oven?” she offers.
I point to myself with my thumb.  “I’m a guy.  No need to warm anything up for me.”
“Well, pardon me.” she says, feigning irritation.
I give her back a little rub, smiling.  
She looks at me and smiles.  
“You know, so far, you’re a pretty cool boss.” I comment, taking a bite of the burger. “I figured you were all business.  Rigid.  Maybe even a little bit bitchy.”
“When your longest employee blows himself away, it changes you a little.”
“Point taken.” I agree. “But, from the other guys, I don’t get the feeling that you’re like that, anyway.”
“Cross my path the wrong way and I turn into a tiger.  Stay on my good side and I’m as reasonable as a grandparent.”
“I see that.” I agree.  “Oh, that reminds me.  I forgot to give you the credit card back, and the receipt.” I say, pulling it out of my pocket.  I’m showered and changed from the day’s work, but that was the other reason I wanted to come down to the house.  If I left Laura’s credit card in my room all night, I’d never sleep.  I place the credit card on top of the receipt and hand it to her.  She tucks it into the pocket of her robe with thanks.  
“How’s Chip?” I ask.
“Sleeping on the bed.  I don’t want to leave him alone for too long, though.  I left his cone off.”
“Do you want me to go check on him?”
“No, it’s okay.  I’ll go back up in a minute.”
Something in me wants her to stay.  I enjoy her company.  She’s sweet and funny, and her voice is always warm and soothing.  As I scarf down the rest of the burger, she says goodnight and heads upstairs.  Cleaning up the mess, I hear her call for me from upstairs.  “Grayson?  Can you come up here for a minute?” 
“Sure.  Be right there.” I say, putting the last dish away.  As I trot upstairs, I can hear her chuckling.  
She’s on the bed with Chip.  And as she tries to tie the bow in the material around Chip’s neck, he keeps pawing her away.  “He’s a clever man.” 
“Here.  Let me help.”  I gently push his paws down.  “You have to wear this thing, little man.  It’s for your own good.”
As she ties it around his neck, he starts to whine again.  Just once.  
“Thanks, Grayson.” Laura says.
“Any time.  Goodnight.” As I get up, Chip whines again.
I chuckle.  “Oh, this could be interesting.”
“He doesn’t want you to leave.” 
“Seems like.”
Laura pats the bed.  “Come sit for a while.  Maybe he’ll fall asleep and then you can sneak out.”
Sitting on her bed, my butt sinks in.  “Wow.  Now that’s comfortable.  Better not let me lay on here or I’ll be history.” I say honestly.  I’m dog tired from work, and now that I’ve eaten, I feel a food coma coming on.
“I just took a bath in sleep-inducing oils. If anyone’s going to fall asleep first, it’s me.” She says matter-of-factly.  
“That’d be a funny rumor going around town, huh.” I joke.  “Laura Warner sleeps with Lead Hand the first week on the job.  Story at eleven.”
She snorts a laugh.  “You can tell that you once lived with a reporter.”
“There’s that.” I chuckle.  Her skin looks so soft as she pets Chip.  For working on a ranch all her life, her hands don’t have a wrinkle on them.  Even her nails are clean.  “I’d like to know your secret.”
“What secret?”
I show her my hands.  They’re wrinkled, stained with grime, and the nails are only ever clean when I freshly clip them, which I haven’t done.  “Look at your hands compared to mine.  Is that because of all those books you do all day?  You’re not exposed to the horses as much?”
“No, you’ve seen me out with the horses.  I’m only in the office for a couple of hours a day.  Some days not at all. It’s the baths.  They draw the goo out.  A trick my mom taught me.  She grew up on a cattle farm until she met my dad, then she was here.  Not once did she have a scrap of dirt on her hands.”
“Well, I’ll have to remember that.  Maybe I’ll soak my hands in a bowl while I watch television or something.”
“I’m sure the boys won’t poke at you for that at all, Grayson.  Remember that there’s no television in your room, only in the common area.” She reminds, smiling.
“Oh, yeah.” I puff out air quickly.  “I totally forgot about that.”
“Would you like a television in your room?  I can arrange it if you like.”
I wave, and then pet Chip. “No, that’s fine.  I don’t watch a lot of television anyway.  I read novels.”
“Have you been to the library yet?”
“No, but I download them onto my phone and read them from there.”
“How very modern of you.” She grins.  “But we do have an excellent library if you ever want to check it out.  I’ve borrowed a bunch of books from there recently.”
“A big reader, are you?”
“Might I remind you that I don’t have a television.” She says, almost impressed with herself.  
We’re both petting Chip, when Laura yawns.  She lays her head down beside Chip and continues petting him.  Stretching her body out, so her feet almost touch the pillows, she pulls her long locks of hair over her shoulder, so it’s laying all down her back, invisible to me from in front of her.  Chip’s eyes close intermittently with the affection.
“You’ve got the Midas touch there, Laura.” I say softly.  “But, do you want to know what truly puts an animal to sleep.”
She yawns again.  “Listening to your boring stories.” She can’t help but giggle halfway through the word ‘stories’.
“Hardy har.” I rebuke gently as I lay on my side, mirroring her, and use my index finger to stroke Chip between his eyes, slowly down his nose.  I repeat that, watching his eyes close.  Resting my head on my opposite arm, I continue this procedure, until his head incrementally lowers, and his snout touches the bed.  When I look up, Laura’s eyes are closed, but her hand is resting on Chip.  Fearing I’ll wake her, I keep massaging Chip’s snout.
…and then I fall asleep.
In the middle of the night, I awake slightly.  Laura has flipped over, so her back is to me, and she’s inched her way closer to me.  Chip is out like a light, so I slowly try to get up out of the bed, but he lifts his head the second I move.  “Shoot.” I mutter under my breath, as I start stroking his snout again.  He lowers his head almost instinctively, and I rest my head back on my arm.  When I wake up again later, Laura is in the middle of the bed, right up against me, and my arm is resting on her waist.  I am frozen and the dog is out of it, as is Laura.  And then, she inhales a deep breath, and pulls my hand over her belly, tucking it under her.  
Such an odd sensation, as I realize she must think that I’m Quentin.  There is no way that she would permit such a gesture with me.  All the same, she’s warm and soft, and it’s been so long since I’ve been intimate with a woman, that I’ve forgotten how comforting it can be.  I allow myself to snuggle in closer to her and take in her scent.  Her hair is oceans long and so incredibly beautiful, just like her.  And as much as I know that I’m pretending Laura is actually cuddling with me, not a figment of her dead husband, it still feels…wonderful.
The next time I awake, the dawn sunlight is starting to present itself.  Slowly, quietly, I inch my way off the bed, making sure I keep contact with Chip as I do, so he doesn’t whimper.  As I make it off the bed, I carefully pull him to me, and carry him with me out of the bedroom, closing the door in my wake.  When I get him outside, I set him down on the porch, to see if he is able to walk.  His limp is very pronounced at first, but then it becomes less obvious as he takes a few steps.  I help him down the stairs.  The grass must be more comfortable for him because he takes off to find the nearest tree.  
Looking at my watch, I see that it’s almost four o’clock in the morning.  After Chip does his business, I head back to my room, taking the dog with me, and get another hour of sleep.  When my alarm goes off, Chip is laying on the floor without his cone on, and he is none the wiser.  His bandage is unscathed, and I’m relieved.  After I prepare myself for the day, I head out to the barn and get started before breakfast.  It’s always my goal to get at least one thing done before I’m called for breakfast.  
Lloyd comes around the corner with a shovel in his hand. “Breakfast is on the table.” 
“I’ll be right in.”
Laura is standing at the counter, eating eggs.  “Good morning.” I say to everyone, but I’m looking at her.
“Good morning, Grayson.” She says pleasantly.  
“Hey, Grayson.” Johnnie says and runs some things by me that he wants to do for today.  “You think that’ll work?”
“Yeah, sure.” I agree, taking my plate from Grace with a nod in thanks.  “Just, you boys make sure that those horses get exercised every day.”
“Trough’s done.” Lloyd announces.
“Excellent.” Laura says, impressed.  
We eat breakfast in relative silence, and then one-by-one, we each scurry on out the door to get the day started.  I’ve noticed that the whole time, Chip has remained at Laura’s feet.  She fed him, and he cleaned his bowl, but otherwise, he’s stayed with her the whole time.  
As I rise to leave with the boys, Laura asks.  “Do you think we should put the cone back on him for the day?” she looks down at him.  “I can probably keep him with me so I can make sure he won’t chew his bandage.”
I cross one leg over the other.  “If you can keep an eye on him, I suppose there’s no need for him to wear it.”
Grace walks out of the kitchen, taking the garbage with her.  Laura looks at me.  “We must have fallen asleep last night.” her face is forcibly impassive, like she’s fishing but trying to keep it on the Q.T.  “When did you…leave?”
Drawing in a deep breath, I can see that her eyes are trained on Chip.  She can’t look at me.  
“We didn’t….” she trails off.
“No, ma’am.  We fell asleep, that’s all.” Then the lie becomes apparent as I remember her pulling me to her as she slept.  But that pleasant memory is quashed as my subconscious reminds me that she wasn’t pulling me to her, rather, she was pulling Quentin’s memory to her. 
“I had a very strange dream, that’s all.” She explains.
I lift a brow.  “Was it a good one?” I ask, teasingly.
That gets a giggle.  “A girl doesn’t tell.” 
“Well, not to brag, Laura.  But, I think that if you and I had…” I gesture with my hand.  “You would distinctly remember.”
“I’m sure I would.” She says, and I can tell that she feels silly for asking.  “So, what time did you actually leave?”
“It was around four o’clock, I think.”
“Well, you’re as quiet as a mouse.  I didn’t hear a thing.”
I look up at her and give her a wink.  “Story at eleven.” 

Chapter 12
Laura
I see Lisa’s car pull up, and I roll my eyes.  Here we go…I say to myself.  She has six clear plastic bags full of buns in her hands as she climbs up the stairs.  I meet her at the front door.  
“Hey, twice in one week, eh.” She comments.  It looks like the buns have some weight the way that she’s carrying them.  “I have more in the car.”
“Geez…I thought you said you were bringing a couple dozen.”
“This is a couple dozen.  The buns are huge.” She comments.  “And for that, I’m glad that we’re talking about these buns, and not my own.” 
That gets a laugh.  “Please.  You’ve been fit as a fiddle for as long as I’ve known you.”
“Pilates.” She brags, smiling.  “Any action here today?”
“In what sense?”
A brow lift.  “Grayson.”
“What kind of action are you referring to?” I ask, trying to keep my voice down, since Grace and Wendy are in the house.  
She notices my trepidation.  “Let’s put these in the kitchen and go outside to the porch, huh?”
Oh…God.
As we get the rest of the buns, Lisa notices Chip, as he follows me around.  But then he sees Grayson and runs to him.  Grayson looks at Lisa and I, and he waves to Lisa.  He gestures to Chip, and the fact that he’s running around as if he doesn’t have an injured paw.  “He’s coming around nicely.” He says from the horse’s pasture.  He’s getting Weasel ready to take him for a bath in the stable.
“Yes, he is.  I don’t think he’s going to need that cone, after all.” I yell back.
“What’s with the dog?” Lisa asks as we sit on the porch.  
“He’s a stray.  We’ve put signs out all over, but so far, nobody’s claimed him.”
“Well, he sure seems to have claimed you two.”
“He has.”
She looks at me.  “There’s something different about you.”
I look at her.  “What do you mean?”
“Your…eyes don’t look as puffy today.”
I stare at my hands.  “Probably because I had a good night’s sleep.”
“Oh yeah?  What did you do differently?  Did you get some new kind of essential oil or something?”
I blurt.  “It happened by accident, but…Grayson slept with me last night.” I lift a hand as her jaw drops.  “And when I say we slept…we slept.  Nothing more than that happened.”
Her eyes widen.  “I want all the details, girl.  Spill.”
Explaining how it happened, I gloss over the fact that I woke up in the night, and his arm was around me, and I didn’t move it.  
“So, you slept on one side, while he slept on the other.” She says flatly, like she’s not impressed.
“Well…yes.”
“And you never bumped uglies at all…” her voice is still flat and unimpressed.
“Yes, but…technically, we still slept together.”
She sighs.  “No, that’s hot, Laura.” She’s teasing, feigning boredom.
I nudge her with my elbow.  “Shut…up.  It’s the first time in ten years that I’ve slept with a man.”
“Well, it must have sat well with you, judging by how refreshed you look.”
I look over at him.  “It did.  I hate to admit it, but I slept better than I’ve slept in years.”
She takes another look at me.  “Why, Laura Warner, you’re lying through your teeth.  More than that happened, and you know it.” her smile is slick.  Lisa loves it when she can read my mind…and I hate it.
“Nothing…happened…he just…held me.  He had his arm around me.”
Her smile looks like the Cheshire Cat.  “Well, there you go.”
“But it doesn’t mean anything, Lisa.  He probably thought that I was his wife.”
“Or not.” She looks at me like she has a dark secret. 
“Well, the point is moot. He’s an employee.  I’m his boss.  We can’t be involved.”
“And where…pray tell…in the rule book is that listed?”
“Well…it isn’t.  I don’t have a rule book.  I don’t even have an employee handbook.  Here, we run on the honor system.  And I can’t be involved with an employee.”
“Because of your own twisted morality.” Lisa points out.  “Laura, how many men have I tried to fix you up with?”
“More than I care to remember, frankly.”
“And how many of them have you gone out with?”
“None.”
“That’s right.  Because you weaseled your way out of every date I’ve arranged for you.  There’s always an excuse.” She looks at me pointedly.  “It’s been ten years, Laura.  You can’t tell me that you still feel obligated to my brother, can you?”
“He’s all I ever knew, Lisa.  You know that.”
“And that’s a damn shame, too, so don’t get me started on that tangent.” She says flatly.  “I think if you had gone out with other men before marrying Quentin, you wouldn’t be so damn scared to venture out there now.”
“Well, that’s neither here nor there, isn’t it.” 
“Not anymore, Laura.” She argues.  “Give yourself permission to feel again.  It’s okay.”
“But…but what if he really did think that I was his wife last night?  What if he’s not ready to move on?” I ask.  “His wife died only five years ago, Lisa.  I’ve had five extra years to mourn.”
“Five years is a long time, Laura.  Both of you are still young.  And the fact that he stayed in your room with you last night, proves that he’s ready to move on.  He would have left…no, he wouldn’t have even set foot in your room had he not been okay with it.”
I’m silent, staring at the morning sun ahead of me.  
“Has he been odd with you this morning?  Quiet? Standoffish at all?”
I shake my head no.
“Then, what does that tell you?”
“I still don’t feel right about it.  It’s not right, Lisa.  Getting involved with someone who works for you isn’t right.”
“Always giving yourself obstacles.” She says under her breath.  “When are you ever going to bend the rules for yourself, Laura?  You seem to have no problem bending them for everyone else.”
Grayson walks by with Weasel.  When he’s past us, Lisa rises, watching his behind as his back is to us.  “Damn, girl.  You don’t know what you’re missing.”
I slap her, giggling. “Would you stop ogling my staff?” 
“That’s the first hand you’ve hired that looks like that.” She points out.  
“And probably the last, with the way that this is going.” Another giggle. 
“Alright, that’s enough.  I’ve got to go.  Got a photo shoot.” 
“Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Bright and early.” She says, her voice singing.  I give her a quick hug and see her off.  Just as a truck pulls up.  It’s Matty from the lumber store in town.  
Lisa looks over at me, stopping in her tracks and doing a one-eighty degree turn right back to me.  “What’s he doing here?” she thumbs in his direction.
“Dunno.  I ordered railroad ties to fix the trough a couple of weeks ago.  He delivered them, poured it on thick like he usually does, and then he left.  I haven’t seen him since.”
“Did he short-ship or something?”
“Not as far as I know.  Louie had placed the order.”
She gives me a knowing look.  “Want me to stick around?”
Matty Herald and I went to high school together.  Since Quentin and I started going out, he was like a lost puppy, following me around.  He always had a crush on me, and it never went away.  Matty is very awkward socially.  Not many people in town like him, including his own father, who he works for.  When Quentin and I married, he laid low for a number of years, still making it his personal effort to deliver any materials Louie ordered for the ranch.  Since Quentin died, though, Matty’s presence has become more of a pleasant nuisance.  He’s asked me out on a date a hundred times, which I’ve said no to him each time, growing more and more irritated.
The man has never done well with women. He tries too hard.  If he just acted natural, and stopped trying to make out like he’s more than he is, he’d do a lot better.  Matty is the only man that Lisa does not flirt with.  
He walks out of the flatbed truck, carrying a sheaf of pink paper in his hand.  “Laura…how are you today, beautiful?” Matty is a decent-looking man.  It’s his personality that is the turnoff.  With a full head of short, well-kept dark hair and straight, white teeth, blue eyes and a lean body, he could pass for a handsome man.
“I’m just fine, and you?” I say, not hiding the icy tone.
“Much better now.” He says arrogantly.
I fold my arms over my chest.  “What can I do for you, Matty?”
He ignores my question.  “That’s a pickup I don’t recognize.  You get a new one for the ranch?”
Lisa scoffs. “You don’t have any business here.  You just came to check out the new Lead Hand.”
Matty lowers his head and shakes it a little.  “That’s a terrible thing what happened to Louie.”
“It is.  Thank you for your condolences.” I say curtly.  “I’m pleased that you delivered them personally, like you do everything.”
He lifts his head and takes a step towards me, and I step back.  “Well, I’m glad you appreciate that. I’m glad to do it.”
Lloyd and Grayson come around the corner, carrying a large bag of feed for the horses.  Once they lay the bag down, Lloyd gestures that the lumber truck is here.  They both approach.
Matty tips his head.  “Lloyd,” he says in greeting, and then he looks at Grayson.  “Well, I presume that you’re the new kid in town.”
“That’s right.  Grayson Thomas.  Pleased to meet you.” Grayson gives him a hand to shake.
“Matty Herald.  I own the lumber store here in Huttonville.”
“He doesn’t own it, he works for it.” Lisa corrects.  “His father owns it.”
Matty’s face turns slightly pink.  “I’ll own it some day.”
Lloyd cuts in, tipping his chin.  His tone is cool.  “What can I do for you?  You delivered the ties already, and they were paid in full.”
“Yes, sir.  Yes, they were.” Matty nods.  “In fact, I was just delivering the sales slip.  I forgot to give you a copy with your signature on it.”
Lloyd laughs without a trace of humor.  “You could have easily given that to me on the next order.  You know we place orders pretty often, what with all the materials we need around here.”
“That’s true.  Yes, sir.  I just thought I’d—”
“Check up on Laura.” Lisa says.  “Word gets around town pretty quick, don’t it?”
Lloyd grabs the pink sheaf of paper out of Matty’s hand. “Have a nice day.” He says curtly.
“You all enjoy your day.” Matty says, tipping his hat.  “It was nice meeting you, Grayson.”
“Likewise.” Grayson says.
We watch him trot up into the cab of the truck, wave, and pull out onto the street.
“Dang boy can’t leave you alone.” Lloyd seethes.  “I hear he’s got a brand-new car again.  That boy’s as spoiled as a lone, three-year-old grandchild.”
“Born to an Italian family.” Lisa adds for humor.  She places her hand on Grayson’s shoulder.  “You should know that Matty Herald has been a thorn in Laura’s side since high school.  Stay clear of him.”
“I’ll do what I can.” Grayson says, walking out of Lisa’s grip.  He and Lloyd head back to the pasture, and I see Lisa off.
Lunchtime rolls around, and I make it a point to sit down with the boys; something I do often, to take advantage of the time to go through what’s been done and what needs to be done.  All the guys are hungry as ever, and sweating like dogs, proof that they all have been working hard.  There is never a question with this bunch.  I’m standing at the counter, and Grayson scoots over one, insisting that I sit down to eat.  “Stat.” he teases, and I can’t help but listen.
“Fine.  But just for a minute.”
Chip barks out loud and we all get a little giggle out of it. “See?  Even he agrees that you should sit down and eat your lunch.” Grayson says.
I play along.  “I think he was barking at you for raising your voice at me.” 
“Keep quiet, or I’ll take you to the vet again.” Grayson says to Chip, pointing a finger at him, but his smile betrays him as the dog walks over and licks his finger.
“He’s a charmer.” I chuckle.  “Besides, it’s clear that going to the vet isn’t punishment.”
“It is now.” Grayson refutes, good-naturedly.  “He was not a fan of getting them stitches, that’s for sure.”
Overhearing the conversation, Grace asks me.  “You haven’t heard anything from his owners yet, have you?” 
“No.  Nothing yet.” I answer. “I’ll give it a few more days.”
“I can take him off your hands if you like, Ms. Warner.” Lloyd says.
Chip is sitting like a king, and his wagging tail is telling.  He knows we’re talking about him.
“Thanks, Lloyd.  But I’ve grown rather attached to him.  I think I’ll keep him here at the ranch.  He seems to have made himself very comfortable here.”
“Little Elizabeth is sure going to be upset.” Grace comments.  
“I’m sure it’s much better this way.” I say.  “At least this way she can visit him and take him for walks.  Myrtle would never let her keep a dog, and if we took him to a shelter, there’s no telling where he’d end up.”
“That’s true.” Grace agrees.  
As I finish the last of my sandwich, I run through some of the things that I need to be done around the ranch, in order to prepare for tomorrow’s party.  “Now, remember that you’re all invited.  So, you don’t have to hide out in your quarters while everyone is mingling and having a good time.  You’re all welcome.  Everyone is family here.  This is no different than any other gathering that we have here at the ranch.”
Grace speaks up.  “Shall I go pick up the rest of the food and things this afternoon?”
I nod.  “Yes, I have a list.  And I’ll be preparing some food in the kitchen this afternoon while you’re gone.  The things I need we already have here.”
Hours later, as I sit on the porch, watching the sun set, Chip is at my feet. I hear someone come around the corner, and I look to see that it’s Grayson.  “Hey, I was just looking for the little fella.  Thought he’d flown the coop.”
I sip my tea.  “Nope.  He’s just hanging here with me, while I watch the sun set.”
Grayson’s hair is damp.  He’s not wearing his hat, and he’s got a white t-shirt on.  Why, I don’t know, but I think he looks very attractive the way that he’s dressed.  Jeans and a white t-shirt are very striking on him.  But I don’t tell him that.  “Care for some tea?” I ask.  “It’s chamomile.  It’ll help you sleep.”
“Haven’t you had your essential oil ‘put me in a coma’ bath yet?”
“No.” I giggle.  “Not yet.  I’m going after I finish my tea.  Do you want some?”
“What…tea or a bath?” he jokes.
“Either one.” I shrug.  
“Well, seeing as I just had a shower, and I’m not thirsty, I’ll pass.  Why is it that everything you make or do smells good?” he asks, but the look on his face says that he wishes he didn’t say it out loud.  
“I don’t know.” I say simply.  “It’s probably because you haven’t been around a woman so frequently in a long time.  I thought you mentioned that you had a sister.”
“I do.” He nods, taking a seat next to me.  “Rachel.  She’s a lawyer and very busy.  I don’t see her or talk to her much, except for at family gatherings…those she can make it to, that is.”
“What kind of lawyer is she?”
“Family.  She does divorces and custody…things like that.” He explains.  “Probably why she’s not married.”
“Is she older or younger?”
He clears his throat and sits back, resting an ankle on the opposite knee.  “Younger.  But she’s way older in her own way.”
“Are you close with her?”
“Not as close as I am with my other siblings, but we talk on a semi-regular basis.  I just don’t see her much.”
“You have any female friends?” I ask.  Why I’m probing him I don’t know.  For some reason, I find the silence awkward tonight.  And for some reason, I don’t want him to bring up last night, so I’m tabling the conversation.
“Used to.  But they were drinking buddies.”
“Ah,” I nod.
“What about you?” 
“I have a lot of male acquaintances, but none that I would classify as friends.” Then I ask something that I wish like hell I could take back before it exits my mouth.  
…but it’s too late.

Chapter 13
Grayson

“Was your wife your best friend?” she asks, and then she can’t look at me.  Laura turns her head, picking at an imaginary piece of lint on her jeans.
I look at her.  “Hey,” 
She looks up.  “Sorry.  I had no right to ask you that.  It’s none of my business.”
“Laura, I’m not offended.”
“Well, you should be.” She says.  “If someone that I barely knew had asked me that, five years after Quentin died, I would have told them to mind their own business.”
“Well, you and I are different people.” I state.  “And, give me a little credit; we don’t barely know each other…I think we’ve gotten to know each other quite well.”
She nods.  “Yes.”
“Kelly and I were never friends.  We dated in high school from the very beginning.  So, no, she wasn’t my best friend.  If I were to label anyone that, it would be my brother Kurt.”  I pause.  “There.” I nudge her with my elbow.  “Now, quid quo pro.”
“Lisa has been my best friend since Quentin and I met.  She’s the reason I got so close to him.  If it weren’t for Quentin, Lisa and I would never have been best friends.  So, no, Quentin was not my best friend.”
“Well, now, see?  Not such offensive questions or answers at all.”
“No, I suppose you’re right.”
This woman is so guarded it’s disarming.  “You can ask me whatever you want, Laura.” I pause for emphasis.  “I trust you.”
“Thank you.” She looks at me.  “I trust you, too.”
She sighs.  “I should get inside.  Tomorrow is going to be a long day.”
“Sure.  Goodnight, Laura.”
“Goodnight, Grayson.”
All us boys get up bright and early to get the ranch work done before the party preparations have to start. Picnic tables that we keep way in the back of the barn are brought out, and folding tables, too, for food.  Extra garbage bins are brought out from storage and placed around the tables.  The ladies take care of the decorations like balloons, and some streamers are hung from some of the trees.  It doesn’t take more than a couple of hours.
Laura, Grace and Wendy start bringing out coolers filled with ice, full of drinks, and I notice that there is no alcohol.  I assume that someone has been tasked with that deed for later.  We head inside for lunch, and then Laura disappears upstairs. When she re-emerges, she’s wearing the most fetching little dress.  And she’s let her hair out.  I have to look twice when she comes into the kitchen, just as I’m placing my dishes in the sink.  
“Wow,” Is all I can say. Her dress is light blue, which brings out her eyes.  It has spaghetti straps, and the neck of it comes down just enough to frame a breath of her cleavage.  A tiny droplet necklace hangs from her neck, and the dress is caught just above her waist with a slim, black belt.  Then it hangs freely, landing just above her knee.  I’ve never seen her feet before, as she’s always wearing boots, but her toes are perfect, and they’re displayed daintily in a pair of leather sandals.  “You look…wonderful.”
She blushes. “Thank you.  Don’t get used to it.” she points.  “I turn into a pumpkin again at midnight.”
Her hair is long and in soft waves, caressing her back.  She’s got it pulled up on each side with combs that match her hair color.  Not a stitch of makeup is on her face, except for a small smattering of clear lip gloss.  “You clean up real nice, Laura.” I say, smiling.
She draws in a deep breath, and I sense that she feels awkward.  “We should start seeing guests show up anytime.  I’ll start bringing the food out.”
“Okay.  I’ll go get changed and lend a hand.”
“Oh, you don’t have to change clothes, Grayson.  I’m the host and the guest of honor is my brother; it’s expected that I look the part.”
“You don’t honestly expect me to wear my work clothes to a party, do you?” I give a soft chuckle.  “Don’t worry.  I don’t own a suit or a tux, so that’s not happening.” I wink.
“Okay, then.  But it isn’t expected.” She says, and the grin on her face is so sweet.
An hour later, the ranch is filling with people.  When Clint arrives, I see Laura’s face brighten from afar.  God, she’s luminous.  Her brothers seem to bring out the best in her.  Will comes in from behind and slaps Clint on the back.  “I got you something real different this year for a present.”
“Oh yeah?  I’m almost afraid to ask after last year’s stuffed bobcat.” Clint scoffs.
They are surrounded by similar-looking people whom I imagine are all related to Laura.  There are so many of them, I can’t keep track.  I see Lisa, and she gives me a little wave, as she comes over to chat with me.  I feel the hair on my neck stand up.
“Hey there.  You look rather dashing.” She comments.
“Thank you.  You look nice, too.” I say, but I don’t actually look.  This woman gets spurred on by you breathing next to her.
“You know, I have a little secret to tell you.” Her voice isn’t the usual purr, like she’s trying to come on to me, which makes me relax a notch.
“Oh yeah?  What’s that.” I ask, as I see a truck pull up out front.  The truck has a trailer attached by a hitch, and it’s carrying what looks like a dunk tank, with a picture of Clint’s face plastered on the front.  I look over at Will, and he has his arm around Clint, holding his other arm way out, presenting him with what I’m guessing is his birthday gift.
Clint is shaking his head, laughing so hard his face is red.  So are the rest of what I’m guessing are the Kelsey family.  The whole crowd is in a flutter of laughter and whistles as the driver of the truck exits the vehicle and starts removing the dunk tank from the truck.
“Oh, Lord, Will outdid himself this time!” Lisa laughs.
“He sure is a card.” I comment.
After a beat, she directs her attention back to me.  “I know someone who likes you…” she says, lifting her brows. She’s rather impressed with herself.
“Are you talking in third person here?” I ask condescendingly.  “Because it’s pretty obvious that you like anyone of the male species.”
She’s not rattled by my snide comment.  “Laura likes you.”
I look at her for a second, and then my eyes slide over to Laura.  She’s still laughing, which suits her.
“Laura’s my boss.  I’d never cross that line, ma’am.” I refuse to be another one of her matchmaking schemes gone awry.  
“She would never, either.” Lisa states.  “That’s why I need to intervene.”
I scoff.  “There’s no need for an intervention, Lisa.” I say, hoping that my use of her first name will indicate the levity of what I’m trying to say.
“But there is, Grayson.”
I’m getting irritated.  “Look.  I’ve been here a week.  I came here for a new start.  I’m not about to stamp that out by making a mistake in my first week.”
“But it’s already done, Grayson.” She says, as if mocking me.  “She told me that you two spent the night together the other night.” she raises a hand defensively.  “I know it was innocent…but was it?  She said you had your arm around her.”
“That’s because in her sleep, she pulled me to her.” I seethe.  “I didn’t lay a hand on her that wasn’t forced.  She…must have thought I was Quentin.  There was no harm done, and that’s the truth.”
She looks at me pointedly.  “She was saying that it was the other way around.  That you pulled your arm around her, and she figured that you thought that she was your beloved wife.”
I think about that for a second.  “Well, then, see…there’s no harm done all the same.  We both thought we were each other’s deceased spouses.”
She turns around as we both watch the dunk tank being carried over by four men.  It’s empty, so the tank itself is just awkward, not so much heavy.  Will has the hose dragged out from the barn by Simon, who is all too pleased to help out.  The smile on his face is telling.  As the tank is positioned, the hose is inserted at the top.  “Gonna be mighty cold in there, Clint.” Simon says matter-of-factly.
Lisa addresses me after a little giggle.  “The problem is…Laura was hoping that you were holding her…not your dead wife.”
“What?” my eyes dart to her. “You’re lying.”
“She told me herself yesterday morning.” Lisa nods once.  “Said she hasn’t slept that well in years.”
“That’s a lie.” I say firmly.  “She…” I look over at her, and she sees me from the throng of family.  The smile she gives me is contagious.  After I smile at her, my gaze goes back to Lisa for a quick second, and I see her satisfied grin.  “Shit.” I swear under my breath.
“Told you.” Lisa shrugs and walks away.

***

“Dang, Laura!  We ought to do this for every birthday!  Have neighbors line up and take a cover charge for this!” Will shouts, as he aims another ball towards the target beside the tank.  Clint sits on the platform inside, looking like a drowned rat, and none too pleased.  “We could do it for charity.  Look how many of Clint’s patients would love to dunk him!”
“I’d like to see you get in here, Will.” Clint comments from inside the tank.  “Or you, Laura.  And get all your hands to throw for you.  See how many people would like to see you all cold and wet and waiting for the next punishing fall into icy water.”
“But I’m in a dress.” Laura retorts pathetically, trying to hide her smile.
“That’s the weakest argument I’ve ever heard.” Clint says.
Will throws a ball, and Clint plunges into the freezing water, screaming like a girl as his head emerges from the surface seconds later.  “Alright, little brother!  You’re next!  I’m done!  My bits are damn near frozen!” Clint says, climbing out of the receptacle.
Shaking his head, Will says.  “Any takers?”
Suddenly, two men come and take Will, lifting him above their heads like he’s just won the Superbowl, and drop him into the tank.  He’s soaking wet but smiling as his head bobs up from the surface.  “I’ll get you two.” He mutters, but there is a smile on his face.  Clint walks over my way, toweling his head.  “Nice to see you again, Grayson.” He says.  “Glad you haven’t worked here long enough to have any interest in dunking me in there.” 
“I wouldn’t do it anyway.  Maybe if my own brother was up for it.”
He chuckles.  “I’m going to go get out of these wet clothes.”
I nod.  
Laura walks up to me.  “Are you having fun?”
“I don’t believe I’ve ever witnessed a dunk tank before, except for at the county fair once, when I was a boy.”
“Will is famous for coming up with unique ways to both have fun and get a little bit of sibling revenge.”
Laura’s smile fades suddenly.  Her gaze is over by the food table.  
I turn around to see that same man from the lumber store, who Lisa warned me about, is helping himself to a plate of food.  Lisa trots over.  “Who invited that loser?”
“Not me.” Laura says.  “He must have heard about it from someone in town.  I mean, it’s no secret, we have them so often.”
“Well, this is the first one he’s ever shown up to.” Lisa observes.
I chime in.  “You want me to make it his last?”
Lisa is about to take a step towards the food table.  “I’ll deal with him.” 
But Laura stops her.  “No, you won’t.  I’ll deal with him.”
Just as she’s about to walk over, Will lands beside him, says something to him, and two seconds later, Matty sets his plate down nonchalantly, and walks back to his expensive car.
“Good ol’ Will.” I chuckle, and then smile.  “You want me to start the barbecue?” I offer.  “People seem to be eating all the finger foods.”
“Sure, that’s a great idea.  I’ll run in and grab the hot dogs and buns.” Laura says, shaking the whole Matty situation off quickly.
A few minutes later, I’m manning the barbecue, while Laura and Grace are setting buns on waxed paper on the table, opening them so the hot dogs can be easily laid on them.  Wendy brings out the condiments and sets them on the table.  
As I man the barbecue, I get to meet lots of Laura’s family, and many of the people in town.  It’s kind of nice to be acquainted.  I’d forgotten how nice it is to be in a small town.  After about an hour, Lloyd comes over.  “Hey, Grayson. Go grab a hot dog and take a load off.” 
“No, I’m okay.” I say, even though my stomach is rumbling from the smell of hot dogs and burgers.  I’m eying the leftover potato salad on the table, too, and I’m eager to grab a plate before Grace takes it away.
“Boss’s orders, man.” Lloyd says from behind his hand.  
I look over, scanning the crowd for Laura.  She’s talking to Clint, who is freshly clothed and dry, looking much happier than he did after being in the dunk tank.  He looks over my way and starts walking towards the barbecue. 
Lloyd sees him.  “Hey, Clint.  You up for a burger or a dog?”
“I’m starved.  I’ll take anything.”
I hand him my untouched burger.  “Here you go, man.”
“Thanks.”
Lloyd hands me another burger and I nod in thanks.  Clint and I load up our burgers and I make sure to get a good dollop of potato salad.  “So, how do you like it here, so far?” Clint asks conversationally. He starts chewing, waiting for my answer, and he gestures with his head for me to follow him.  
“I like it just fine.  Laura’s great to work for, and the boys are really swell.”
“Yeah?  You enjoy working with the horses, too?” he asks as we find two vacant chairs.  
“Love them. Grew up with them, in fact.”
“You grew up on a ranch as well then.”
“I did.  My brother still owns the ranch out in El Paso.”
“I loved it, too.  But after I started high school, I started getting the nose for biology.  Before I knew it, I was talking my parents into sending me to medical school.”
I don’t know how much is safe to share with Clint.  But I see how affectionately Laura regards him, and something tells me that it’s safe territory.  “I did, too, as a matter-of-fact.”
“Did you end up taking a bunch of biology courses in high school?”
“You could say that.” I admit.  “Took them in University, too.”
Clint hesitates.  “Look, man, I feel bad for this.  I’m not going to lie to you.  Laura told me that you’re a doctor.”
I look at him and he nods. “It’s okay, man.  I’m not one to judge.”
“I appreciate that.”
“And don’t be mad at Laura for telling me.  She’s a horrible liar by default.  I asked her what your story was.  It’s my fault.”
“Can’t blame you there.  I’d look out for my sister, too, if some stranger from out of town was suddenly living under her roof.”  I pause. “I’d want to know everything about him, too.”
He pats my shoulder.  “You’re okay, Grayson.  She seems to be very impressed by you.”
“She treats all her staff very well.” I agree.  “Eats with us.  Treats us all like family.  She was real torn up about Louie, too.  It’s very honorable how she’s helping Myrtle out.”
“That’s Laura.  She’d help anyone out if she could.”
“That’s the truth.”
Clint changes the subject.  “Were you at all unhappy with the set up you had back in El Paso?”
“What do you mean?” 
“Like…with your practice.  I understand that you had your own office.  Did you like working alone?”
I see where this conversation is headed, but I let it go.  Clint seems good-natured.  “I liked it just fine.  It was tough when I first started.  But then, that’s the way when your license is fresh, you’re newly married, and you’ve still got your education to finish paying off.”
He chuckles softly.  “I hear you there.  I was lucky.  I didn’t have any of those things to worry about.  I’m not married, and my parents paid for most of my education.” He looks at me.  “My daddy always told me to pay it forward if I ever could.  Since I was so blessed not to be saddled with the kind of worries that you had.”
I figure I’ll level with him.  “What are you getting at?”
He takes another bite of his hamburger, chews and swallows.  “You ever think about going back into medicine, I’ve got plenty of space in the office.  I’d welcome the help, in fact.”
“And you wouldn’t be set off at all by the fact that I’m an alcoholic?  Laura mention that?”  I don’t hide the slight chill in my tone.
He nods once for emphasis.  “She did.  But you’re clean now, aren’t you?”
“For a year.”
“And how much do you want a drink right now, Grayson?”
I look at Laura, and for the first time, I realize something important.  “After I rolled up the carpets in El Paso, that’s all I could think about.  When my brother Kurt dragged my sorry ass into rehab, I swore I’d never put another drink to my lips, even though every cell in my body wanted to.  I figure my body still wanted it, and my mind still wanted it, and then since packing up and abandoning ship, moving here, frankly, the thought makes me sick.  Never thought I’d feel like that, but I do.”  What I want to say out loud, but I say it only in my mind, is…now my heart doesn’t want it.
“There’s the words of a healed man if I ever heard them.” Clint says.  “You ever want to roll out the carpets again, be sure to let me know.”
“I appreciate that.”
He pats my leg as he finishes his burger. “I should go mingle, before they all come over here, and then they’re all both of our problems.” 
“I appreciate that, too.” I chuckle.
He pumps my hand with his once and then walks away.  It’s strange, but that handshake felt a lot like the beginning of a business proposal.

Chapter 14
Laura

As the day starts turning into twilight, Will approaches me.  “Hey, sis.  You think it’s time to bring out the tunes?  Get some dancing and dosey doein’ going on around here?”
I ignore his question. “What on earth did you say to Matty Herald to make him up and leave so quickly like that?  And so quietly, I’ll add.”
He shrugs modestly.  “I said some stuff that I’ve been wanting to say to him for years, but mostly that if he doesn’t leave my sister alone, that I’ll see to it that he has to eat that hot dog that he had in his hand, through his ass.”
I laugh out loud, but then my smile slips.  “Just what I need.  Now, how am I supposed to get lumber and supplies from the lumberyard?”
He looks at me pointedly.  “Sis, do you really think that he’s going to give up his commission in exchange for his dignity?  I highly doubt that.  His car is all he has, and someone’s got to pay for that.”
“I hope you’re right.”
“I am, you’ll see.” Will changes the subject.  “You want me to get the tunes out?”
“Sure.  You can go grab the speakers out of the barn.”
Overhearing, Grayson offers to help.  “Sure.  Let’s go on and bring everything out.”
Twenty minutes later, two of my brothers, Will and Clint, are behind the table, looking like two DJs in high school.  Guests are dancing to all types of music.  While I mingle, making sure everyone has everything that they need, Lisa approaches me.  “Hey, you want me to bring out the hooch now?”
My first instinct is to look for Grayson.  He’s over talking to Lloyd and Johnnie.  His crisp white linen shirt and black jeans make him look so handsome I haven’t been able to stop looking at him all day.  Without a hat, with the humidity today, his hair has little curls in all the right places. It looks touchably soft, which is punctuated each time he rakes a hand through it in conversation. He’s even wearing dress shoes, versus his usual cowboy boots or work boots, depending on the job at hand.  
As I look his way, it’s almost like he senses my gaze.  His head turns my way, but I avert my gaze back to Lisa, before he notices that I’ve been staring at him.  “Sure, you can bring it out.  But make sure that nothing gets out of hand.”
“I think we passed the point of out of hand when your brothers threw Will into the dunk tank.” She points out.
“Fine.  Just…”
She raises her hand. “I know exactly what you’re thinking.” Her voice is flat.  “He’s a big boy, Laura.  If he’s going to drink, he’s going to drink.”
I purse my lips.  “Sometimes I hate you.”
She puts her arm across my shoulders, kissing my cheek. “Yeah, but most of the time you love the crap out of me, right.”
“Yeah.” I wrap my arms around her.  One of my neighbors comes around with a camera and takes a picture of us in our embrace.  
“I’ve been taking all kinds of pictures, Laura.  I’ll post them all on Facebook and tag you in them.”
“Thanks, Betty.  You’re a dear.”
Lisa turns to me.  “You want me to take some family shots while I’m here?  The camera is in the car.”
“No, I think we’ve all tortured ourselves enough tonight.  Maybe for the next one.”
She shrugs as a slow song comes on.  We don’t even notice, until Clint comes over and asks me to dance.  “You mind giving the birthday boy a dance?” he asks me.
“You mean you don’t want to dance with me?” Lisa offers.
“I’ll catch the next one.” he says, winking at her.
“I’ll hold you to that.” Lisa says flatly, as if she means business.
As we dance together, Clint says.  “So, I spoke with Grayson.”
“I figured that was why you wanted to dance with me.”
“I offered him a spot at the clinic if he wants it.”
I pull back so we’re nose to nose.  “Are you serious?”
“Well, I’m not drunk, or even close to it, so yeah.”
“And what did he say?” I can’t hide the ghost of a smile forming on my face.
“He just said thanks and that he’d think about it.  I’m not really sure, though.  It seems to me like he’s questioning his own…stuff.”
“Like what…stuff?”
He leans in, pulling me closer.  “Oh, Laura.  Let it be.  If the man’s ready to take the leap, he will.”
When he says this, I wonder if he’s talking just about Grayson’s desire to move on in many respects.
“I suppose you’re right.”
“I know I’m right.”
I slap him in the back of the head playfully, and he feigns being hurt by rubbing the spot.  “Still a bull, aren’t you.”
“Quiet or I’ll do it again.” I giggle.  
“That’s a fine thanks I get.” He says facetiously.
“Thanks for what?” I mimic his sarcasm.
“Well, if I’m not mistaken, your Grayson here, hasn’t been able to peel his eyes off you all day.” Clint states.  “You’d have to be blind not to see it.  Now, you know that if he isn’t happy slopping horses and tending to this here ranch, and he wants to go back to his old life in El Paso, why, he’ll just pack his things and be off.  This way, he’s got two reasons to stay.”
I’m speechless.  And I know better than to argue with Clint.  He and I are alike on so many levels, I would never question his astuteness.  As the song comes to a close, I can see Grayson making his way towards me.  Small, short steps, inching his way, making it look less obvious, and I wonder what he wants.  When the song ends, Clint kisses my cheek.  “Now behave…but not too much.” He winks as he walks away, right into Lisa.
I see Grayson next to me, as another slow song comes on.  “Did you need something?” I ask cordially.  
A cute, semi-smile forms on his face.  “I was going to try and make something up.  Not sure how appropriate it is to ask my boss to dance with me, but I figure if I use this line, you’d have a harder time saying no.”
“It’s not inappropriate at all.  Louie and I used to dance all the time.”
“Well, I’ll take it.” Grayson says, taking a step towards me.  As his arm snakes across the small of my back, and his other hand takes my hand in his, and rests it on his chest, I feel an unfamiliar pull in my chest.  Something I haven’t felt since way back in high school.  My hand is at the back of his neck, and I can feel all his little curls brushing against my skin.  He smells like wood, pine, and fruit.  Breathing in, I feel myself relax.  Something about this man relaxes me.  With his cheek next to mine, he’s bent down a little to match my height, and he sways perfectly, in time with the music.
“I’m hoping you don’t swat me up the back of the head like you did to Clint.” Grayson comments.
I pull back, so our faces meet.  “Have a smart comment and I might.”
His eyes search mine as he grins warmly.  “You’re a force to be reckoned with, Laura Warner.”
“Don’t you forget it, Grayson Thomas.” I say softly.  Grayson’s gaze slides down to my lips, and then he slowly moves his cheek forward, grazing his skin to mine, as we dance.  
“I hear Clint had a conversation with you.” I murmur in his ear. 
His gaze finds mine again.  “Is that why you slapped him?” he teases.
I roll my eyes.  “Not exactly.”
“Was he teasing you?”
“When aren’t my brothers teasing me.” I state, smiling.
His hand gently caresses mine as it lays on his chest.  His pectoral muscles are solid yet soft.  While the other hand stays respectfully at the small of my back, as he allows his thumb to skate up and down an inch, giving me delicious little warm shivers.
“You want me to beat him up?  I could take him.” he says, good-naturedly.
“Na.  He’s a good guy.”
“Can’t disagree with you there.” He says and pulls me closer.  His body is so warm and inviting, it feels like we melt together as one.  His feet move in time with the music.  When the song is over, he gently kisses my cheek.  “Thanks for the dance.”
“You’re welcome.  Do you want to help me with the cake?”
“Sure, I’ll give you a hand.”
He follows me into the house.  All the lights are off, so I turn the kitchen light on.  It’s so quiet you could hear a pin drop.  “Is it in the fridge?” Grayson asks, as I search for the candles in the drawer by the sink.  
“Yes, very bottom.” I answer, pulling the box of candles out.  There is a lighter in the same drawer.  Grayson sets the cake on the counter, and we try to make light work of removing the large plastic dome off it.  It’s jammed on the base like it’s meant to survive a mine blast.  “My lord, why in heaven’s name do they make these things so snug?” I comment.
“I don’t know.” He grunts, trying to pull the top away from the bottom, as gently as possible.  When it finally comes free, it happens with a loud pop, that startles me.  I squeal and Grayson finds the sound funny, because he smiles at me and starts laughing.
“What’s so funny…” I ask facetiously.
“The fact that you scream like a girl.” And I’m about to have a mouthy retort, when his eyes slide to a spot on my face.  “That, and the fact that you have icing on your face.” Using his thumb, he gently wipes it off, and licks it off his thumb.  
My eyes can’t stay off his lips as he licks his thumb clean.  Catching my gaze, Grayson divides his glance between my eyes and my lips.  An expression of physical intent that I haven’t witnessed in over ten years.  My heart is pumping, my hands are shaking with nerves of both anxiety and excitement.  His hand lifts and his fingers brush the side of my face, as he leans in, and I know, with every beat of my heart, that he’s going to kiss me.  
When suddenly the front door slams.  “Laura?” It’s Will.  “You getting the cake?”
“Yes.  In here.” I say.  Grayson gives me a look that I can’t decipher.  I’m not sure if it’s relief that he didn’t have to go through with it, or relief that we didn’t get caught, or maybe it’s frustration, guilt, I’m not sure of anything right now, except that now I know it’s true…there is something between this man and I.  Something that I’d been trying to deny, but it is, in fact, real.  What I do with that knowledge is beyond me.  And do I do anything about it, is another question rolling around inside my head.  
“You got candles and everything?” Will asks as he enters the kitchen.
“Yes.  We’re all set.” I answer, reaching for the box of candles, opening it, and then placing them strategically on the cake.  
“Alright, I’ll go get everyone sitting down.” Will says, and I wish like hell that he doesn’t walk out the door, leaving us alone again.  
Grayson, at least, has the grace to change the subject.  “I’ll go get the door.” He says, trotting out ahead of me.
After we eat cake, the crowd starts to thin, as people begin leaving.  By the time it’s dark out, all that is left is a few neighbors, the hands, Lisa and Will and Clint.  Clint walks up to me, after helping for about ten minutes with clean up.  “Laura, I hate to leave you with this, but I do have to work tomorrow morning.  Early.”
“Yeah, yeah.” I say, acting like I don’t believe him.  “Go.  You need that extra rest, now that you’re a year older and all.” 
He gives me a quick hug, and salutes everyone before leaving.  Lisa uses the same excuse, only citing that she has a photo shoot early in the morning.  “I’ll send you the pictures I took tonight in the morning.” 
“Sure.  Thanks.” She says, before smiling her vindictive smile.  She looks over at Grayson, but he’s helping Lloyd pull the garbage bags out of the bins.
I lift a finger in warning.  “Don’t.”
She winks.  “I’ll see you later.”
“See you.” I say, kicking her playfully as she walks away.
She waves but is otherwise unscathed.  
An hour later, I’m upstairs in my bedroom, bathed, and ready for bed, when I feel chilly.  Switching my fireplace on, I grab my paperback, and lay in bed, waiting for sleep to come.  As I try to push thoughts of what happened in the kitchen tonight out of my head, I realize that my gas fireplace isn’t working.  Walking downstairs, I try to find the manual in the kitchen drawer, where I keep all the other manuals, and as I’m searching, I hear a soft knock at the front door.
Walking to the door, I see that it’s Grayson and Chip.  I open the door and Chip trots in like he owns the place.  “He was scratching at the door, and he’d already done his business, so I figure he was looking for you.”
Is he the only one who was looking for me?
Grayson’s eyes move to my hand, where I’m holding a manual for my oven.  “Your stove not working?”
“No.  My fireplace.  Upstairs.  Just trying to find the manual for it.”
“I can take a look at it if you want.  Are you cold?”
“Very, actually. I even took a bath and that didn’t help.”
“Are you feeling okay?” he takes a step towards me, and he places his hand, palm down, on my forehead.  “You’re not running a fever.”
“I get cold when I’m overtired.  That’s one of the other reasons why I take a bath every night before bed.  Otherwise I’m too cold to sleep.  But, tonight, I’m extra cold because it’s so late.”
“You’re not used to keeping these hours.” 
“No.”
“Let me come and take a look.” He nods.
I step out of the way so he can enter, and I follow him upstairs.  Chip is already on my bed, with his snout rested on the quilt at the bottom of the bed. Grayson fiddles with the switch, and then kneels so he can see what’s going on beyond the glass.  “The pilot light is out.  Let me see if I can get it going again.” He says, bending down onto his side.  My eyes go to his rear end, and I try like hell not to look at it, but I can’t help it.  He has the nicest, roundest little bum I’ve ever seen.  You could park a car in a shadow of Quentin’s hind end.  
He rolls over onto his back to speak to me.  “You want to try the switch again for me?”
“Sure.” 
After switching it on, I hear the roar of the flames.  “Oh, you’re the best!” I gush.  
Rising, he dusts himself off.  “I don’t believe anyone’s ever said that to me before.” He says with a little chuckle.  “Feel warmer now?” he asks, and his voice is warm.  I’m not sure which one is making me feel better.  
“I will be.” I can’t help the smile.  Then I realize how much more often I smile since this man has come into my life.  
He dips his head and then he looks at me.  “You okay with Chip?”
I look back at the dog, just as the rope around my waist, holding my robe closed, opens a little.  When I face him, the rope has opened completely, and my silk pyjamas underneath are showing.  Grayson has the grace to turn his head.  “I didn’t see a thing.” He jokes, as if I’ve exposed my breast while breastfeeding an infant.
Tying the rope again, I snuffle a laugh.  “You’re a funny guy, Grayson.”
“Is it safe to look?” he says, looking at the ceiling.
I slap his arm.  “Hardy har.  No, now I’m naked.”
“Yeah, me too.” 
I laugh out loud, smacking him again.  “Are you always such a clown?”
“Just when my boss starts stripping in front of me.” he says, finally giving me eye contact.  “Should I call HR and report this as sexual harassment?”
I want so badly to kiss him, to shut him up.  To prove a point. But most of all, just to kiss him.  His lips are so full and soft-looking.  Inside my head I’m saying, ‘no, but this would be classified as sexual harassment’, and grab him by the front of his shirt, pull him towards me, and kiss him passionately, but I’m such a coward.  I’d never do that.  My eyes can’t stop looking at his lips as he speaks.  
“Anything else you need, Laura?” he says softly, as he realizes that I’ve ignored his question.  I try to shake myself out of the trance, but he’s like a goddamn magnet.  As much as I try to think of a way to pull myself away, to think of something else to talk about…I can’t think.  The question that he’s asked, again, inside my head, I’m saying, ‘You.  I need you.’ But I can’t find the courage to say it aloud.
Surprising me, he takes a step forward, closing the gap between us.  His arms snake around my waist, and his eyes are on mine.  “There…now, that wasn’t so bad, was it.” he murmurs.
“Was it?” I ask him, thinking that he has the same trepidation about taking that first step as I do.  
He shakes his head no, swallowing. I watch his Adam’s Apple bob up and down, and then I watch his impossibly blue eyes turn even bluer as he gazes at me.  “I’m starting to feel things for you…Laura…and I’m not sure if I’m supposed to be feeling them.”
“Because I’m your boss, or because of our pasts?” I ask softly, as my hands gently stroke the hair on the back of his neck.  I don’t even realize that I’m doing it until it’s too late.  His eyes hood slightly from my touch.
Another swallow, and I start to think that it’s a nervous thing.  “Both, I guess.”
“Well, as far as me being your boss, unless the…contact is unwelcome, it’s not against any rules, as far as I know.”
He caresses my back with his hand.  It feels so good I want to cry.  
“And the other?” 
“Ten years is a long time, Grayson.”
“And how long have you been talking yourself into saying that.”
I look at him, giving drama to my next statement with a pause.  “About a week.”
Drawing in a deep breath, he pulls me closer to him, and he rests his forehead on mine.  His eyes are closed.  This is the most intimate gesture I’ve ever felt from a man.  “I never knew how ready I was for the next step until I met you.”
“But you’ve only had five years to my ten.”
“Time is irrelevant, Laura.  It’s…you.”

Chapter 15
Grayson
This woman brings something out in me that no other woman has before.  With Laura, I’m not afraid of anything.  When I met Kelly, she had to make all the first moves. I was terrified and so awkwardly shy.  If it weren’t for her taking the plunge, she and I would never have ended up together.  But with Laura, I can’t help myself.  Even when I know I shouldn’t, because she’s my boss, I figure, if her feelings are reciprocated, everything will fall into place.  One thing’s for sure, my heart is in the right place.  And by God, if I’ve learned anything from all the Alcoholics Anonymous inspirational quotes, it’s that you’ll never steer down the wrong path if you follow your heart.
Holding Laura in my arms feels so wonderful.  What’s even better, is that she seems to feel exactly what I’m feeling.  As I rest my forehead on hers, I want to drink her in.  She’s a lovely woman, and I’m lucky to be standing here with her.  
“That’s the sweetest thing anyone’s ever said to me.” she whispers, as she tilts her head sideways, and plants a soft kiss on my lips.  Her lips are so soft and warm, it takes everything in me not to kiss them again.  I’m falling so deeply in love with Laura, that I want to tell her, but I’m not sure if she’s ready to hear it.  
After her lips gently stamp mine, and I barely have a moment to respond, I say.  “I mean every word of it.”  her head is still tilted, and her eyes are still on my lips.  I wish with every cell in my body that she’ll follow through and kiss me again.  My parted lips wait eagerly, and as I watch her lips part, I close my eyes, and feel her soft mouth on mine again.  
Our kisses grow deeper and more passionate, as we stand by the fireplace, making a little fire of our own.  Her hands rake through my hair, pulling me closer to her, and my arms wrap tighter around her.  The warmth from her body fills me from head to toe.  Lifting her feet off the floor, I carry her over to the bed.  Chip jumps down from the bed and heads downstairs.  Carefully, I lay Laura down, resting my body on hers.  Her kisses are still strong and needy, so I know I haven’t crossed a line yet.
When she pulls her robe apart, I take that as a cue.  Rising, I remove my shirt, pull my shoes and socks off, and watch her face in the process.  Laura regards me with an air of sensuality and need, glancing down my chest and abdomen.  She slides her arms out of her robe, and pulls it away from her from underneath.  
“God, you’re a sight for sore eyes, Laura.”  I breathe, unable to believe that such a beauty is in my presence.  Lowering myself onto her, I cup her face in my hands, kissing her, making love to her with my lips, as she gives the same efforts with hers.  Her hair is pooled all around her, and her silk pyjamas are sexy yet tasteful, as they cover everything, but act solely as a second skin to her body.  Her womanly parts are evident under them, allowing me to explore without exposing her.  It’s a game of kiss, touch, and look, until she begins to arch her back each time my lips come off hers.
When my lips meet her neck, her hands skate down my chest, giving me thrills that I haven’t felt in years.  Laura smells amazing as my nose takes in her scent, while my lips kiss down the length of her neck.  When I reach her throat and make my way down her chest, her chest starts to heave, and I’m about to stop, but then I feel her hand slide over my nipples, as though guiding me to mirror her actions.  
Her fingers on me sends delicious messages to the rest of my body, as I sheath my teeth with my lips, and gently nip her.  With that, her hands fumble down to my zipper, and she desperately struggles with the tab.
“Hey, hey,” I say to her.  “Easy.  Take it easy.” My voice is silky, comforting, as I rise and undo my pants.  She watches me pull them off, and then, as I take my briefs down, she bites her bottom lip, and it’s the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen a woman do.  Palms down, I push my hands up her thighs, under her nightie, slowly revealing Laura’s whole body, like a curtain rises to reveal the prize at a gameshow.  When it’s peeled off entirely, I help her up to the head of the bed, resting her head on the pillow, and begin my trek of leaving kisses all over her body.
The kisses don’t end until she begs me to, with her mouth.  When I can’t handle her soft, needy kisses on my body anymore, her back meets the mattress once again, as I create the most physical bond with her that I can.  There, we explore the far reaches of lovemaking, until Laura’s final, longing cry, as she feels her release with me.  We lie there, on top of the blankets, warmed by our bodies and the fireplace, making love throughout the night.  When we’ve rested enough and can’t stand to lie next to one another without feeling the other’s touch again.  
By morning, when the sun is beating through Laura’s window, I rise and close the blinds.  “Any idea where Chip went?” she asks me.
“Downstairs is my guess.” I answer honestly.
“He would have been crying to go out by now, I think.” She says, peering over at the alarm clock on the nightstand.  It’s almost six o’clock in the morning.  
“I’ll go look for him.” I say, pulling my underwear and pants on.  Laura watches me with this cute little grin on her face.  “You’re insatiable.” I say with a chuckle.
She’s naked, with half her body exposed over the blankets.  She stretches and I watch, waiting for her to finish.  “You’re cruel.  Do you want me to go find your dog, or what?”
Laura’s satisfied giggle is contagious.  I lean over and kiss her lips before heading downstairs.  Chip is nowhere to be found.  The front door has been left unlocked all night.  Walking to the staff quarters, I see Chip sitting out front with Lloyd and Johnnie.
“You boys are up awful early.” I comment.  “It’s Sunday.  Hell, even God took a day off.”
They’re quiet, sipping coffee from the carafe in the common area.  Peering down at Chip, I ask.  “How’d he get out here?”
Johnnie swallows a mouthful of coffee.  “I was up in the night looking for you.  Your toilet was making some funny noises, keeping us all up. When I couldn’t find you or the dog, I went looking.”
We exchange a look, and I know that he knows, but he’s decent enough to be discreet.
“Thanks.  I…Laura was worried about him.”
Lloyd, on the other hand, says.  “She didn’t seem that worried about him, from what I hear.”
Johnnie elbows him, but Lloyd can’t help himself.  His shoulders vibrate as he laughs, trying to look the other way.  
“Alright.  Get it out of your system.” I mutter, checking Chip’s bandage.  “Now, I hear anybody making any comments to Laura, and you’ll have me to answer to, you hear?”
“Dang, Grayson.  You ought to hang up a sign when you and Laura are at it.  What’s it say?  ‘If the trailer’s rockin’, don’t come knockin’?” 
“Shut up, Lloyd.” Johnnie seethes.  “I been around a lot longer than you.  Ms. Warner ain’t like that at all.”
“Yeah, but Grayson here is.” Lloyd giggles.
“You hungry?” I ask Lloyd.
“Yeah, I could eat.”
“How about you tell me how my fist tastes then?” I say coolly.
That works.
“Err…I was just teasing.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve heard enough.  It’s nothing to joke about.  Not another word, Lloyd.” I say pointedly and walk away.  Chip follows me as I go into my quarters, shower, and head back into the house.  Laura is still in bed, all tucked in like a taco.  Climbing in next to her, I wrap my arms around her.  “Hey, sleepyhead.  Is Grace coming in this morning to feed the men?  We’ve got a couple live ones out there.”
Drawing in a breath, she stretches, and I cop a quick feel.  She turns over.  “Oh, you’re all cleaned up.” she says with disappointment.
“I can get dirty again, darlin’…after we feed the men.”
“Grace and Wendy don’t work on Sundays.  They know that.  I usually let the boys raid Louie’s old quarters and use the kitchenette.  With all the fussing over Clint’s party, it slipped my mind.”  
“That reminds me.” I say.  “I have to fix my toilet again.” I look at her.  “Lloyd and Johnnie know what went on here last night.”
“Is that what happened to Chip?”
“Yeah,” I pause.  “But don’t sweat it.  I already put Lloyd in his place for his lewd comments.”
“That’s okay, Grayson.  I’m a big girl.  I can handle it.” she stretches again, and I kiss her neck.  “The boys aren’t used to this kind of human behavior.  They’ll get used to it.”
“So, you figure they’ll have to get used to it, huh.” I ask, testing the waters.  I’m pretty sure that we care deeply about each other, but one with a wounded ego can never be sure.  
“They better.” She wiggles her eyebrows.  “I plan on keeping you around for as long as I can.”
I kiss her lips. “Oh, yeah?”
“Yeah,”
“Alright then.” I caress her bottom.  “I’ll go get breakfast started.  A man will fuss a lot less on a full stomach.”
“I’ll be down shortly.” She yawns.
“Sleep, Laura.  You didn’t get a whole lot of sleep last night.” I softly chuckle.
“Neither did you.” She points out.
I search her eyes and kiss her again.  I speak between kisses.  “Yeah, but it was totally worth it.”

***

Laura’s showered and dressed just as I’m filling up the plates.  I haven’t called the boys in yet, so when she approaches me, she wraps her arms around my neck, and we kiss like nobody’s watching.  “Nice apron.  Red is your color.” She comments, pulling back, looking as dreamy-eyed as she did last night.
I’m wearing a red apron that I found hanging beside the refrigerator.  I figure it was way more appropriate than the pink one, or the other one with the hearts all over it.  Having only the jeans and shirt clean that I’m wearing, I figure it was a good call putting the apron on.  It’s also the reason why I haven’t called the boys in yet.  “Yeah,” I chuckle.  “I could use more clothes.  Don’t have too many to spare these days.”
“You want me to take you to get some later?”
I give her a knowing look.  “Now, there’s a sure-fire way to kill all the romance that we just established.  I think I can handle that on my own, but thanks.”
Giving me a little peck on the mouth, she walks away.  I watch her behind. Man, has she got a great set of buns.  “I’ll go call the boys in.”
“Walk backwards on the way back in.” I say under my breath, whistling to myself as my girl walks out the front door.
Aside from the odd wink, Laura and I are able to stay focused and professional while we eat with the boys.  Cleanup and exercising the horses are all that’s on the agenda for today, so, once I help Laura with the dishes, we get started.  I wait until the boys leave the house, acting like I need to talk to Laura about something, but she’s not stupid.  I close her study door, and pull her close.  “God, that was the longest goddamn breakfast ever.” I say, as though I’ve been holding my breath.
She giggles.  “Why, Grayson Thomas, have I created a monster?”
I kiss her heartily but keep it chaste.  “I think you have.” I grab her rear with both hands.  “I should go.  The boys were able to keep their mouths shut during breakfast, but if I take too long saying goodbye, they’ll talk.”
She kisses me again.  “I’ll see you at lunch.”
I wink at her, slapping her behind playfully, and walk out the door, placing my hat on my head.  The day seems to drag on, minute-by-minute, and what’s worse is, right after we just finish cleaning up from lunch, Lisa stops by.  I try to hide, taking Weasel out on a run, but she’s still here when I return, and her and Laura are up on the porch, sipping tea.  Laura smiles at me and I can’t help but smile back as I walk up the stairs.
“I’m going to go run some errands, like we spoke about earlier.  I won’t be long.” I want so badly to kiss her, but I know that with Lisa here, I can’t.
“Well, aren’t you going to at least say hello, Grayson?” Lisa chides.
“Hello, ma’am.” I say, tipping the brim of my hat with my index finger.  
“That’s better.” she says righteously.  “What are you going to buy, Grayson?” Lisa raises a hand.  “And the only reason why I ask is because I know just about every store owner in town.  Done everyone’s wedding pictures…some divorce pictures, too.” 
The chuckle I force is soft.  “Just some clothes is all.  Nothing much.”
She gives me an evaluating glance up and down, and it makes me feel exposed.  I want to pull my arms across my chest…and other areas.  “Well, Grayson, there are plenty of stores that would just love for you to walk into them.  You fixing to spend a tidy sum, or are you working on a budget?”
“I’ll give you the credit card, so you can replace the shirt that got ruined when you helped Ned with his arm.” Laura says, rising.
“That’s okay, swee—” I catch myself before I say it.  “Err…Laura.  I can manage.”
But it’s too late.  Lisa giggles.  Laura blushes.  We all know that I was going to call her sweetheart.  Shit.
Laura tries to pretend she didn’t hear Lisa’s giggle.  “No, I insist.  You wrecked a perfectly good shirt tying his arm off.  I owe you a new one.”
“Better not argue with her, Grayson.” Lisa winks.  “Or your sweetheart isn’t going to be so sweet to you.”
Sighing, I look at Laura. “Does everyone in town know about us now?  Dang, we might as well post it on a billboard.”
Lisa waves.  “Oh, Grayson, it’s no secret that you two have been sweet on each other since the day you started.”
We both look at her and say simultaneously. “That’s not true!”
Then our gazes meet, and we can’t help but smile at each other.  Laura pulls the credit card out of her pocket and hands it to me.  I take a step towards her and kiss her lips.  “Wha, hell, if everyone knows already, there’s no sense hiding it.” I kiss her again.  “I’ll see you later.”
“See you, Grayson.” Lisa says in a singsong voice.  
“And don’t be looking at me for one of those, because only Laura gets them.” I warn jokingly.
“Oh, I’m very sure about that.” Lisa smiles and then winks at me.  I can feel them both watching me walk towards my truck, and I look back.  Sure enough, both their eyes are glued to me.  
I shake my head.
As I drive into town, I stop at the first men’s clothing store I see.  Inside, I select half a dozen pairs of pants, shirts to match, and I head into the change room. You get the idea.  After a half an hour of adjusting sizes and such, I have a good helping of clothes ready to be paid for.  While I’m at the checkout, I have to look twice. None other than Matty Herald is waiting in line ahead of me. 
“Heyyyy.” He addresses me, like we’re old buddies.
“Afternoon.” I say cordially.  He’s got a stack of clothes, way fancier than mine, and when he’s called up to the checkout counter, he pulls his wallet out, thick with bills.  As the man behind the counter walks away, to restock bags, he says to me. “It impresses the ladies when I have a wad of cash.” He winks and makes a clucking sound with his mouth, like he knows it all.
“Sure you want to be attracting those kinds of girls?”
He waves, disregarding me.  “And for the record, I do own the business that the ladies said I work for.  My daddy gave it to me.  He’s retiring next year, and then it’s all mine.”
“It’s all the same to me.” I say nonchalantly.  “So long as Laura keeps getting her lumber and materials, it doesn’t matter to me whose name is on the fine print.”
“Ms. Warner, you mean.” He says to me, almost chiding.  As if I should be addressing her that way.  Like I shouldn’t dare to call her by her first name, the way that he did just the other day.
“Not that it’s any of your business, partner, but she likes to be addressed by her first name.  At least, by people she likes.” I say, hoping that this dickwad will take a hint and shut up while he’s ahead.  The salesman stuffs Matty’s things into a bag and takes the cash that he’s so proud to hand out, counting it in front of him as if there is a female present in a man’s clothing store.  
When he’s finished cashing out, Matty takes a step towards me, as the cashier glares at me to come to the cash, even though we’re the only two people in the store.
“I’ve known Laura for a lot longer than you have…Grayson, is it?” Matty says.
“That’s right.” I say, as my fists ball up.  The loser doesn’t have the intelligence to notice.
“Anyway, she and I go way back.” He blathers.  “Y’all know that her husband’s dead, right?”
I nod, glaring at him.
“Well, she and I…we got a…thing, you know?”
“No.” I seethe. “I don’t know.  And if you’re smart, you’ll be sure not to share anything about Laura’s personal life with a complete stranger, now, won’t you.” I state plainly.
He smiles, acting like he’s reading between the lines, but I know he’s too stupid to do that.  When he’s about to open his dumb mouth again, I lift my finger, pointing at his face.  “You’d be wise to stop while you’re ahead.”
He puts a defiant hand on his waist.  “Yeah, and just what in hell are you going to do about it?” Matty is shorter than me by half a foot.  From lumber work all his life, he’s pretty healthy looking, but, even in my years as a doctor, even as an alcoholic, I still found the time to keep in shape.  The boys have found me doing chin-ups, push-ups, and crunches in the stable.  It’s an inherited thing, too.  So, like my brothers, I don’t have to work hard at it.  And working at a ranch all my life, it comes natural, too.  
Matty’s body is from years of hauling wood and other materials around, but his mouth works quicker than his brain, so I punch him flat on the lip before he even realizes it.  The clerk at the counter is quick to order us to leave, as Matty cries out in pain, touching his bleeding lip.
“You get out of here before I call the sheriff!” the clerk shouts.
I look down at Matty, pointing my finger at him.  The expression on his face is like he didn’t ask for the blow he received.  My voice is laced with conviction and warning.  “You keep your mouth shut about Laura, or the next time, I’ll knock you out permanently.”

Chapter 16
Matty
Daddy waits for me in the back office.  He’s crunching the numbers through from today, as he does every day at closing time.  My brother Derek and I help run the place; Derek behind the counter, me with deliveries and taking private orders, and daddy with the books.  Mama takes the floor and we have a couple of part-time staff to help during daily peak times and peak seasons.  All in all, it’s a pretty decent set-up here.  
What daddy doesn’t know is that I’ve been cooking up the books a little.  The place makes good money, but daddy’s got a lot of it tied up to pay for the mortgage on both our house and on the warehouse that we work under.  So, when paychecks get printed, I’m not going to lie, they fall short.  Luckily, daddy lets me do all my own paperwork, so when a customer buys stuff, I pick a few good ones, and fudge the numbers.  Been doing it for years and daddy still hasn’t picked up on it.
How else do you think I can afford my car?  I don’t dress like a pauper, either.  And I have a penchant for nice things like jewelry, watches, things like that.  The women fall all over the place for it, too.  This one girl I took out last month, she couldn’t wait to go out with me.  She’s new in town, see.  She was visiting someone from here in Huttonville, so she didn’t know me.  Anyway, I took her out to dinner, bought an expensive bottle of wine.  Then, she was all over me when we went for a walk down by the waterfront.  We went back to her place and had us a little howdy-do time, if you catch my drift.  Then she went back to whatever place she’s from.  My point is, I wouldn’t have been able to afford any of that if I hadn’t fudged the numbers last month.  Costs are even higher with chicks who don’t have a place of their own, like me, because then I have to take them to a motel.  
Daddy doesn’t like it when the folks over at The Arches tell him that I’ve been coming around, either.  They order stuff for their suites from us a lot, so daddy knows when I’ve been messing around.  I can’t afford the big hotel that just opened here a couple of years ago.  Anyway, I saw that Grayson asshole over at The Arches earlier last week, as I dropped off an order.  I knew he was from out of town, as he stuck out like a sore thumb, sitting in the restaurant alone.  What an idiot.  Nobody does that unless they want people to talk.
Anyway, when I heard that this new guy was working over at Laura’s I put two-and-two together and figured it out.  It pisses me off because he’s got that look in his eyes, like he thinks he’s better than you.  After the few encounters that I’ve had with him so far, I don’t like him at all.  Not one bit.  It’s no secret that I’m completely head-over-heels in love with Laura. She knows it.  Everyone knows it.  Hell of a woman, and hell bent on keeping her beloved husband’s legacy alive.  She’s not dated a soul since he died, and I respect that.  Not to say that I haven’t tried to ask her out a dozen times or two over the years, but one day she’ll say yes.  I just know it.
A woman like that; independent, self-sufficient, got it in her head that she don’t need a man, I like it.  Let’s face it though, she does need a man for the heavy lifting around the ranch, otherwise why else would she have all the guys working for her.  Now, all the other guys I get along well with, especially that Lloyd.  You’d never know it by the way that he tries to get rid of me so fast, but he digs me.  Laura’s brother, Will, he’s just funny.  He tried to threaten me at this party that they had last night, but I just laughed and walked away.  Like he could actually see to it that I have to eat out of my own ass…what a card!
Laura, she’s also filthy goddamn rich.  If I ever get a piece of her…and a piece of that…wha hell…I’d be in hog heaven.  But none of that’s going to happen with that Grayson fella hanging around.  Hell, he came in and right decked me in the face today!  Broad daylight and in a men’s clothing store to boot!  I had to tell daddy that I got hit with a two-by-four so he wouldn’t find out, when he asked me why I had a fat lip.  Dang son-of-a-gun hurts like hell, too.  One of these days I’ll punch that guy right back for it. 
In the meantime, daddy’s checking my chits for today, looking them over and over, like something ain’t right.  This is one of them jobs that I was telling you about that I fudged over.  One of the marinas is putting together new docks for the boats, and it was one hell of an order.  It was easy to mess with the numbers on that one.  I’m careful to only mess with the larger ones, that way daddy can’t tell.  Usually, if I distract him with something, he goes back and signs off on them, adding my commission, as if he lost his place and doesn’t have the time to retrace his steps.  That’s a smart technique I picked up on years ago.
Sometimes I wonder what it would have been like to be with Laura back in the day.  She and Quentin were joined at the hip in high school, so there was never much chance to wiggle my way in between them.  When they got married so young, word first got around town that it was a shotgun wedding.  That was my doing.  You like that?  I was pretty impressed with myself, I must admit.  To this day, Laura’s still wondering why people offered her their condolences when more than nine months passed after they got married, and no signs of a baby came.  Sometimes she’s not all that bright.  Quentin was okay.  You could tell that they were real close, though, and sometimes it made me sick.  
When he died, I hate to admit it, but part of me was doing a happy dance.  I waited…about a year…just long enough to be decent, and I started asking her out.  After being with a man like Quentin, she must have been hot for a man, and I figured I would be just the hotness that she was looking for to warm up her cold bed.  I’ve never touched her.  But I’ll admit to hiding in the bushes by that little pond she made, watching her skinny dip late at night.  She does that a lot, by the way.  You would think, what, with all those ranch hands hanging around, that she would know better than to pull a stunt like that.  Sometimes she’s a little naïve.  
That’s where he died, you know.  I think that’s why she goes there so much.  It’s like her little sanctuary.  She brings a horse a lot, too, but not always.  She’ll sit there for hours sometimes, quiet, alone.  There’s been a time or two where I’ve thought about poking out of the bushes and asking her if she’s okay. I don’t, though, because I know that she’ll freak out and call me a stalker or something. Then, word’ll get around town and I’ll have to pick another town to date chicks again.  Bad enough I have to venture out as much as I do already.  
“Matty?” daddy calls.
“Yeah,” I shout from the stockroom.
“Come here a second, please.”
“Coming.” I put down the box I was unloading, and go to him.
“How many two-by-fours did you deliver to the marina today?”
I shrug.  “I don’t know…what did I write down?” I play dumb.  Works every time.
“Your numbers and my numbers don’t match.  Are you sure you didn’t transcribe the numbers incorrectly?”
What?
Mama is behind daddy, looking over his shoulder.  “What did the inventory system say?”  She asks.
“Inventory system?” I ask.
“Yes.  I had someone install it last week.  He’s been testing it out for me for weeks.  Had it custom-made and everything.” Daddy explains.  “Your mama suggested that we get one done years ago, since I’m spending hours each day manually adding up figures.  Derek does an inventory count daily, so we have all the data that we need.”
“Well, this is the first I’ve heard of any inventory system.” I feel a chill up my spine.
“I know how you hate to talk about technical things, son.” Daddy says.
“Your daddy figures it’s costing him way more money in time to keep the books up manually, when it only cost a couple thousand dollars to create this state-of-the-art inventory system.” Mama says.  “Now, starting tomorrow, you don’t even have to write your orders up for signature.  They’ll be printed off.”
“Oh…great.” I say nervously.
“I’ve also hired an auditor to go through historical data, to upload into the system, so that we can have a more accurate picture of shrinkage, and how much money we’ve lost in the last year.”
“Sounds…great.” I paste on a smile, thinking about how many times in the past year that I’ve messed up the books.  I know that the funds will not go unnoticed, it wasn’t piddly chump change.  “You sure you…trust this…auditor?  I mean, don’t they get paid for how many mistakes that they can pinpoint?”
Daddy chuckles.  “It’s not like a typo hunter, Matty.  Don’t be silly.  Now, tell me, what happened with this order?”
Mama takes a look. “Isn’t that the marina order?”
“Yeah.” I answer.  Then I change the subject.  “How…long will it take this auditor to look at the books from last year?”
Daddy shrugs, giving me a puzzled expression, like I’ve just asked him how many fingers and toes he has.  “He’s been working on it for a few weeks.  I should have an answer probably today or tomorrow.  That’s why I’ve been able to take the time to reconcile daily numbers for the past few days.  He’s doing all the grunt work.”
“Why do you ask, dear?” Mama says.
“Just…curious.” I shrug, trying for nonchalant.  
Daddy’s face relaxes as he takes another look at my record from today.  He turns around and exchanges a look with Mama.  “Sit down, dear.” Daddy says.  Mama closes the office door.  She’s never done that before.
“What’s going on?” I ask, with a nervous chuckle.
Mama takes a seat beside Daddy.  “We know what you’ve been doing, Matty.” Mama says.  “We thought we’d give you a chance to come clean.  We thought that if we told you about the inventory system, that you’d confess.”
“Confess what?” I play dumb, gambling. 
Daddy has been wearing his reading glasses, perched up on the bridge of his nose.  He removes them.  “Matty, I’m too old and tired for these games now.  I know that you’ve been changing numbers to suit your pocket for a while.  Years, probably.”
“This so-called auditor tell you that?” I ask bluntly, forgetting my tone. 
“No, he confirmed my own findings.” Daddy admits. “I’ve had a hunch for a while, but as you can imagine, it’s difficult to come to terms with the fact that your son is a thief.”
“What?” I shriek. “I’m not a thief!”
“And now you’re a liar, too!” Daddy shouts, rising as I rise.  Mama rises, too.
“Don’t you speak to your father that way!” Mama hisses.
“Oh, this is bullshit!” I whine.  “Yeah, sure, I screwed up a couple of numbers over the years, but nothing like what you’re making out like I did.”
Daddy crosses his arms over his chest, in a stance that I’ve always taken as ‘don’t cross me’.  “If you knew that you entered them incorrectly, why didn’t you fix them or let me know that they were incorrect?”
“Because…ah, hell!  This is bullshit!  Pure bullshit!” I smack my hand on the desk defiantly.  “I didn’t do anything wrong!  With the pauper’s wages I get paid here, how else do you expect me to survive!”
Daddy sits down.  “Get out.” He says, quietly, making my hair stand on end.
“What?” I shriek.
“Get out I said.” He gives me a cold, icy stare.  “Give your house keys and your store keys to your ma and get out.”
“Daddy!  Come on!  How else do you think I bought my car?” I whine.
“Well, then that was the smartest thing you did, seeing as that is what you’ll be living in.  You are no longer welcome in our home.”
“What?” I pull at the hair on the sides of my head.  “Are you serious!”
Daddy looks at me like he’s never looked at me before. “Dead serious.”
I wait a second, as if he’s going to cave.  When he doesn’t, I lift my arms.  “Fine.” I hand Mama the keys as I was told.  “Can I at least get my things from the house?”
“Your mama has already packed your things up.  They’re in the yard.” Daddy explains.
“You…you knew that you were going to kick me out?” I seethe.
Daddy doesn’t answer my question.  “Go get your things and say goodbye to your brother.” He says, getting back to work.  
I look at Mama.  “Daddy’s made up his mind, Matty.” She shrugs, shaking her head.  But she doesn’t seem to be rattled.  What a fine family I’ve got, eh?  Walking out, I slam the office door behind me.  
Derek, behind the counter, startled by the bang and seeing the look on my face, says.  “Dad figure you out?”
“Yeah, and you’re next, so watch out.” I scoff as I slap my open palm angrily against the bar on the exit door on my way out.  
And the first thing I think of is how great it would be to camp out at Laura’s pond…

Chapter 17
Laura

We order pizza for the guys, while Grayson and I enjoy a lovely meal, just the two of us.  He’s been working around the ranch since he came home from shopping.  I’ve seen him a little here and there, but when he comes into the house, all cleaned up and dressed like he was at last night’s party, I smile.  
He’s carrying a bag of food in his hand.  “Wow, is all this for me?” I ask.
“Who else?” he grins, kissing me on the mouth.
“And I fixed your fireplace, so your pilot light won’t go out on you anymore.” He adds, giving my rear end a little rub, as he lets his hands trail down to my butt.  The hug turns into an opportunity for him to warm me in places that I didn’t know needed warming.  
“I’m not sure that I’ll need my fireplace anymore.  Seeing as now you’ll be keeping me warm at night.” I wink.  Then I look down at his attire.  “Is this new?”
“Yeah.  It’s some of the stuff I bought today.”
“You do know that you’re supposed to wash it first.” I say flatly, giving him a look.
He waves.  “I slop horses all day. Do you really think I’m worried about that?”
I lift a brow.  “Alright.”
“I’ve got a surprise for you later.” He says, pulling the food out of the bag, preparing it for cooking.  
“More surprises?  Gosh, Grayson, if you set such a high bar for yourself, how are you ever going to top it?” I smile, teasing him.
He kisses my lips.  “It’s just a little surprise. Don’t get too excited.” His voice is low and sultry.  
“I gave the boys the night off.” I say, between kisses.  
“So, I get you to myself all night.” he says.
“Of course.” 
After we eat and play with Chip for a while, Grayson suggests that we go for a ride.  He takes Weasel, I take Trixie.  Trixie rubs her snout on Grayson as he’s placing the saddle on Weasel.  “Are you sure you don’t want to take her instead?”
“Looks like you’ve got some competition, sweetheart.” He winks.  
I grin, walk over, and kiss him softly.  
“I think I can compete with her, seeing as I probably smell a lot better.”
“I wasn’t talking to you. I was talking to Trixie.”
I giggle.
“Are you ready?” he asks with a sexy grin on his face.
“Sure.  I’m excited!” I gush.  “Nobody’s surprised me in a long time.”
“Then it’s long overdue, darlin’.”
As we trot off the ranch, out into the grassland, Grayson has Weasel in a strong gallop, and I get Trixie to the same pace, while the horses start to play together, making us both laugh.  “I didn’t know they liked each other so much.” I shout, over the noise of the horses whinnying happily.
“Maybe we should pair them up more often.” Grayson suggests.  “Whoaaaa.” He says to Weasel, as we break into a soft trot, heading towards the end of the clearing.  The pond is visible from where we are, and I see a dark speck of something in the distance.  Two specks as we get closer, and finally, as we pull right up into my little man-made sanctuary, I catch on to my little surprise.
Grayson has prepared a makeshift campground.  Complete with sleeping bags, tent, fire pit, and chairs.  There’s even a cooler off to the side.  Observing, I smile shyly at him.  “Could you be any cuter?”
“Well, I could try, but I figured you’d like this.”
“It’s very thoughtful, I must admit.  I’ve never spent the night out here.”
“Sleeping under the stars.” He looks up at the sky.  “Seems pretty romantic to me.”
“It is.” I point to the fire pit.  “Where did you get that?”
“Well, I figure that you wouldn’t want me digging a hole here, so I picked this up, so we can take it away, and not leaving anything behind when we’re done.”
“Brilliant.”
“I thought so.  Picked this up earlier when I was in town buying the clothes.”
“How can you afford all this?  I haven’t even paid you yet.”
“Borrowed some money from Hawk.  He knows I’m good for it.  I’ve loaned him money before, so it’s a wash.”
“Grayson?” I ask, dismounting from Trixie.  “How come you never went back to the ranch, you know, after you gave up your medical practice?”
He dismounts from Weasel, and we each take a seat on the comfortable chairs in front of the fire pit.  “Partly, it was pride.” Grayson explains.  “But it was also because I felt like I was giving up.  I didn’t have my head on straight then, Laura.  That’s pretty clear.”
“And your brother Hawk isn’t upset that you left El Paso to come work on another ranch?”
“Hell, no.” Grayson says adamantly.  “He’s got enough of us Thomases working for him.  The less family blood there, the better.  In fact, Hawk’s been trying to pawn Kurt off on me.”
“Really?” I giggle.
“Ah, he’s just joking with me, of course.  But, no.  Hawk doesn’t get upset easily.  Especially over things like that.” He starts arranging a bag of firewood that he brought from the ranch, into a teepee in the middle of the fire pit.  “Besides, he knows I needed to get out of El Paso.  He knows how many times I tried to dry out, and he knows that if I’d stayed at home, I would have started drinking again.  It would just be a matter of time.”
“I think you should give yourself more credit, Grayson.” I tuck bits of newsprint from the bag in between the slats of kindling, helping him.  
“That may be so.  But I don’t ever want to head down that road again.  It’s an odd thing to say, but, I already feel like I’m a different person since moving here.”
“Well, I think you are.  It’s only been a short while.  But you know what they say; what a difference a day makes.”
“That’s true.”
Grayson pulls a lighter out of the bag and lights the newsprint, watching it catch on the kindling.  When a healthy flame is produced, he starts piling larger chunks of wood on the fire.  As it begins crackling happily, we both sit down again.  Drawing in a deep breath, taking in the beautiful scent, I say.  “This is so nice.  I’m really glad you thought of this.”
“You like it, do you.” He says, placing his hand on my back.  We’re sitting close enough that our legs are almost touching.  He starts rubbing my back, and then massaging my neck, and I feel so at peace I could sleep.
“You see…this…is why I think the simple life is best.” I comment.  “I don’t own a television, the horses keep me exercised, and I keep all my staff under my own roof.  Almost like my own little family.  I don’t need contact from the outside world, just to connect with nature.”
He grins at me.  “Deep.” 
I giggle and punch him playfully on the shoulder.
“Of course, you don’t need a television.  With all the nosey neighbors and town folk, you hear just about everything by way of conversation.  Heck, Lisa is like a foghorn with gossip sometimes, too.  And Lloyd, well, if he doesn’t know something, there’s something wrong.”
“This is true.” I snuffle a laugh.
“Although, I must say, I’m surprised that my little run-in with Matty this afternoon hasn’t hit the press yet.”
I look at him pointedly.  “Your little run-in?”  
He nods.
“What happened?” I ask, turning slightly, so that I can watch his expression easier.
“I figure you should know, just because, well, I think you ought to lower your opinion of him just a little bit.” He pinches his finger and thumb together, and I detect irritation in his voice.
I roll my eyes.  “Trust me, Grayson.  You’ve got nothing to worry about with him. He may come off strong, but he’s harmless.”
“Laura, that boy is pure trouble.  Now, I know that you’ve known him a lot longer than you’ve known me, but…I don’t go running off at the mouth about you the way that he does, in fact, I don’t know anyone who runs their mouth off about anyone like he does.  There’s a thing called discretion that that boy isn’t too familiar with.  Here’s hoping that after today, he’s become better acquainted with the concept.”
My jaw drops.  “What happened?”
“Let’s just say that he had some pretty choice words to spread about you.  I wiped those words out of his mouth good.  Warned him about saying any more.  I’m sure the clerk at Ben’s Clothing wasn’t too pleased over it.”
I give him a warm grin.  “Trying to save my honor already, are you.”
He looks at me and searches my eyes.  “I’d do anything for you, doll.” And the way that he says it, brings a lump to my throat.  
“I believe you.” 
Sliding a finger down the side of my cheek, he kisses me softly on the lips.  “All this time, I never thought I’d be able to look at another woman again the way that I look at you.”
“Time can be a wonderful thing, Grayson.”
“I guess it can.  And I guess timing is everything.”
As he leans towards me, I feel the warmth of his lips as they reach mine.  He plants a soft kiss on my mouth.  The way that the fire is casting a warm glow on his face, he looks almost angelic.  He’s removed his hat, and his soft little curls frame his face like a set of custom drapes made to bring out the innocence in such a clear display of masculinity.  Eyes, bluer than the sky on a clear day, and lips as soft-looking across from his chiseled cheek bones as they feel against my skin.  Grayson Thomas is the most beautiful man I’ve ever known.
The night sky is a soft grey.  The grassland emits a faint whisper as the evening breeze softly kisses each blade.  Chirps from tiny crickets and tree frogs balance the monotonous noise of the wind.  Complete darkness hasn’t befallen us yet as Chip lays beside the tent, with his snout wrapped delicately in his own paws.  The horses stand happily, grazing on blades of grass, being pleasantly tickled by the warm draft.  It’s the perfect night. 
Grayson’s lips meet mine once again, and then a dozen more times, before he pulls me into his lap, draping his arms around my waist.  Our kisses turn hungry as his hands find the hem of my shirt and slide up my needy skin.  Suddenly, it’s like I have an itch that only Grayson can scratch.  With a quick motion, he pulls his shirt off and begins unbuttoning mine as I explore every inch of his abs and pecks, as if seeing and feeling them for the first time.
As he removes my shirt, his lips are on me, trailing kisses all over my skin, as though I’m covered in sugar.  
His voice is husky with need when he says.  “Let’s go in the tent.”
I follow him inside, as he takes my hand.  We remove the rest of our clothes quickly as we stand on the ready sleeping bag.  Cupping the back of my neck with his hand, he draws me to him, kissing the length of my neck, as my hands skate all over his body.  “Lay down.” he murmurs in my ear.
He hovers over me, gliding his lips over mine, and with every second, I feel more of him making contact with me, until we’re joined as one.  For hours, amid the crackling of the fireplace, the humming of the insects, the gurgling of the water, we make love.  After little sleep, we seem to have newfound energy in our love for each other and find ourselves searching for the other’s touch time and time again.  When we find our release, both of us carrying our own unique rhythm that somehow meshes into one, the cries from the tent stir something outside.
“Chip!” Grayson barks breathlessly, turning his face away from me.  “Quiet down!”
His breathing is ragged as he breaks away from me, grabbing his pants.  Chip continues to bark.  “Is something wrong with him?” I ask.  Then I hear the horses whinny as if someone is out there.
“Stay here.” Grayson says, leaving the tent.  I stick my head out and see him pulling his shirt over his head.  He looks over at me.  “Laura, I said get back into the tent.” He gestures at the fact that my breasts are exposed.
“It’s probably a raccoon or a possum.” I say, trying to calm him.  Grabbing my pants, I pull them on and grab one of the pillows to cover myself so I can grab my shirt.
Chip barks loudly, baring his teeth.  I hear a growl from him as I pull my shirt on and do up the buttons.
“Who’s out there?” Grayson demands, raising his voice.
Chip growls again and barks.  “You better come out if you know what’s good for you.” He says, heading to the brush area a few yards away.  Chip is on his feet, barking as he follows Grayson into the brush.  We have a lot of animals out here, so I’m sure it’s just a fox or some other small creature.  
I hear Grayson’s boots crunching on the floor of the brush.  Twigs snapping against his footsteps as he walks.  The flashlight option on his cell phone beams rays of light before him, poking in and out of the area.  Tempted to follow him, I pull my boots on, but by the time I reach the woods, Grayson and Chip emerge.
“Anything?” I ask.
“I didn’t see anything.  Something was definitely running though.  Had Chip been a hound, we’d have probably found whatever was in there.”
“The animals are probably used to wading in the water at night when we’re not around.  We’re on their turf tonight.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” He gives me a quirky smile.  “All the noise coming out of that tent, whatever it was, likely thought there was another animal in there, mating.”
I wrap my arms around his neck.  “Well, we were mating.”
His voice is low.  “Yes, we were.” His lips meet mine.  “Sorry if I…killed the mood.  I didn’t want my girl to get attacked by some woodland creature.”
“You didn’t kill anything, Grayson.” I kiss him again.  “I’ve had a lovely time.”
We feel droplets of rain start coming down.  “Now, shoot. Where did that come from?” Grayson almost whines, looking up at the sky.
“I don’t know.  Help me get everything packed up.” 
We trot back to the campsite, and it starts to pour.  Over the din, Grayson asks me.  “Do you want to ride it out in the tent, or do you want to head back?”
I wish that I’d been better prepared, with what, I don’t know, but at least with something.  “If it’s okay with you, we’ll head back.  Try this another night.”
He nods as a bolt of lightning strikes, startling the horses.  “Shoot!  Leave all the camping gear here.  I’ll put the fire out and we’ll get these beasts back to the stable.”
As we hop on to the horses, I look towards the wooded area where Grayson and Chip went to look and see what caused the upset.  
…I could swear I see someone standing at the mouth of the brush.

Chapter 18
Grayson
As much as I was reluctant to do it, Laura convinced me to move my stuff into the house with her.  It’s no secret that Laura and I are together. So she easily twisted my arm.  I’ve been very nicely rewarded, I must admit.  Waking up next to her every morning gives me great incentive.  Kissing her good morning this morning, a week after our failed campout, I ask her if she wants to give it another try tonight.
“It’s Saturday.” She shrugs.  “Sure.”  
My hand slides up her backside and she draws in a deep breath, pulling her hands up my chest.  When they wrap around my neck, I gently force her on top of me, kissing her hungrily.  Her naked body on mine instantly wakes all parts of me up, and things are about to get very interesting, when I hear a knock at the front door, and a female voice call from downstairs.  “Laura?  You up?”  It’s Lisa.
“Shit.” I whisper, hitting my head against the pillow.  Another few seconds, and Lisa would have had way more to spread around town.  “Don’t you ever lock your door?” I ask, under my breath, through gritted teeth.
Laura giggles.  “You’re cute when you’re sexually frustrated.”  She climbs off me, yelling towards the door.  “Yes, I’m up.  I’ll be down in a second.”
“I’ve got some bagels and stuff for breakfast.” Lisa calls in a singsong voice.  “And your brother’s right behind me.”
I hit the bed with my palm face down.  “Jesus Christ, are we having a parade?”
Another giggle.  “It’s Saturday.  It’s always like this on Saturdays.”
“Next time, if I could please see the schedule?” I say, walking to the bathroom for a shower…a cold one.  Laura follows me, hugging me from behind…naked.  “A lot of help you are.” I say smiling, pulling her in front of me.  
“I’ll make it up to you later.” Laura says, gesturing towards the soaker tub next to us.  “You…me…suds…that’s it.”
“What about making love under the stars…you not up for that again?”
“We can do that.”
We both shower quickly, and Laura braids her hair while I shave. When we get down the stairs, the place smells like a bakery. 
Lisa hugs Laura and Lisa turns to me with a smile. “Morning, Grayson.  Sorry for the coitus interruptus.”
“There was no coitus going on.” I say, failing miserably at hiding my disappointment. 
Clint’s face is pink. “T…M…I.”
“Oh, he’s a tiger without his Saturday morning lovin’, isn’t he.” Lisa comments.
I’ve never wanted to hit a woman before. 
She sees the look on my face. “I’m sorry, Grayson.” She says kindly, and I realize that she’s being trite. Lisa hands me a fresh bagel. “Here.”
“Thank you.” I tip my head. 
“I take a little getting used to. I’ll take it down a notch.” She says, and I soften. 
“A little.” Clint scoffs. “I’ve known you for as long as Laura has, and I’m still not used to you.”
“It’s okay.  I’m just a little…grouchy is all.” I add.
“How about some freshly squeezed orange juice?” Lisa asks, and I look at Laura, expecting either one of them to tell me that the oranges are in the fridge, when Lisa hands me a glass of orange juice. “I just made it now.”
I’ve never wanted to hug a woman before. “Wow.  Thank you.”
Laura, who is buttering bagels for me and Clint, turns around. “It’s worth it when she comes around on Saturday mornings, isn’t it?”
I must admit. I’m converted.  “Absolutely.”
“Now, you two sit.” Lisa says. “Have I got a story to tell you.”
“Here she goes.” Clint says, using a knowing tone.
Pulling a chair out for Laura, I kiss her on top of her head. “Uh oh. The foghorn is at it again.” I chuckle, good-naturedly.
Lisa is impressed with herself. “I was over talking to Julian at the clothing store.”
Laura interrupts. “The men’s clothing store?”
“Of course.” She shrugs. 
“What were you doing at Ben’s Clothing Store?” I ask her, knowing exactly where the conversation is going. 
“Julian said you gave Matty Herald a fat lip last week?”
I shake my head, chuckling.  Feeling a lot better now that I’ve had freshly squeezed orange juice and I’m working on a bagel. It’s not quite as sweet and fulfilling as having Laura, but if this is all I’m getting for now, I’ll take it. 
Lisa continues while Laura chows down hard on her bagel. “And just when were you planning on telling me this, Grayson?” She asks, as though she’s fully entitled to know. 
“Never.” My voice is flat. “Didn’t know there was a law.”
“Well, everybody always tells me everything.” She says it like I should know this. 
Clint raises a finger in the air.  “I don’t.” 
Laura, ignoring her brother, chimes in playfully.  “Yeah, Grayson. Get with the program.”
I smile and kiss her. 
“Anyway, Julian was telling me that Larry and Sophie Herald kicked Matty out of the house later that same day.”
Laura cranes her neck back. “Kicked him out?  What for?”
Lisa is enjoying herself way too much. “Apparently he’s been messing with Larry’s books. Says he’s been doing it for years.” She waves.
Laura’s face falls. “Poor Larry and Sophie. They’ve owned that lumber store since before those boys were born.”
“Well, they did the right thing then.” I say, adding in my two cents. “I’d a done the same thing.”
“Really? To your own flesh and blood?” Lisa probes. 
“Hell yeah.” I swear.  “Kids today don’t know the difference between a hard, honest day’s work and getting things handed to them. My own father fired one of my brothers once.”
Lisa might as well have a bag of popcorn in front of her. She looks like a horny woman watching a juicy movie at the theatre. “Really. Do tell.”
Laura blurts out a laugh. “You two.”
Clint is growing bored. “Hey, Lisa. You want to go out again?” He teases, trying to divert her attention. 
She looks at him like she’s not taking the bait. “Drop dead, Clint.”
He smiles, finishing chewing on his bagel, and walks toward the mouth of the kitchen. “I just came over to say hello and see my sister. It’s too early for this soap opera stuff for me. I have to go to work.”
Laura rises. “Okay, Clint. Nice to see you.” She walks over and kisses his cheek. 
Saluting him from the table, I say. “See you later, Clint.”
“Take care, Grayson.”
When the front door closes, Lisa is on me again like white on rice. “So…tell me.”
I chuckle with an air of frustration. “There’s nothing to tell, really. One of my brothers needed a reality check and my daddy gave it to him. That’s all. Nothing to tell.”
The disappointment on her face is palpable. “Well, aren’t you mister excitement.” She sighs. “I guess that’s what I get for interrupting you two love birds.”
Laura, sensing the stalemate, speaks up. “Got any more hot gossip?”
Lisa face brightens. She gasps. “Oh, I forgot to tell you the best part!”
I roll my eyes. 
“Matty is missing!”  She’s so pleased with herself. 
“Missing.”  I repeat, like it can’t be possible. Like she’s making it up. 
Clapping her hands together, she smiles, shaking her head. “Yep. Larry and Sophie tried to get in touch with him, to bring him back, and they tried the usual spots, like The Arches, but he’s nowhere to be found. They even told the Sheriff.”
“Well, I hope he’s okay.” Says Laura, ever the hopeful. 
“I hope he got what was coming to him.” I say. “Just why in the hell would they want to take him back?”
Lisa shrugs. “Guess they had a change of heart.”
“Or they were stupid enough to co-sign his loan for that car. Probably realized their faux pas.  Hope he didn’t memorize any of his daddy’s credit card numbers.  Matty could be halfway to Canada for all we know.”
Laura places her hand on mine.  “Matty’s not like that.”
“Don’t be foolish, honey.” I say politely.  “If he was cooking his daddy’s books, he’d do just about anything.  Trust is trust.  Break it and it’s gone forever.”
“He’s right, Laura.” Lisa says.  She sighs.  “Well, I have spread enough joy for today.”
“Have you got a photo shoot?” Laura asks.
“Yes.  And I’m meeting with Jenny Rolston.  She asked me to redecorate her house.  Mark left her.” Lisa explains.
“That was quick.  Shoot, they were only married for a few months.” Laura comments.
“She found out that he cheated on her with Tracy Kerrington a week before the wedding.” Lisa’s eyes are dancing.
My face goes into my palms.  My deceased wife was a reporter, and yet I know more about this town than Kelly would ever have known. 
Laura picks up on my chagrin and addresses Lisa.  “Okay, sweetie.  Let’s talk over lunch tomorrow, okay?  I’ll take you out.  My treat.”
Lisa’s face brightens.  “I’m so in!”  she turns to me as she walks towards the door.  “See you, Grayson.”
“Thanks for breakfast.” I say back.
When Lisa leaves, we start collecting up the rest of the food, to serve to the hands.  “I’ll go round them up.  They’re probably starving.” I offer.
“Thanks, babe.” Laura leans in and kisses me.  She tastes sweet, like the orange juice.
“Anything for you, darlin’.”
As I set to work while the boys eat their breakfast, I get to thinking about things.  Since Laura and I got together, so much has changed.  My hand goes up to my throat, where my wedding rings once sat, like my own personal shrine on my body.  There was once a time when I would have rather died than not wear those pieces of jewelry around my neck.  But, somehow, it’s the furthest thing from my worries.  
The craziest thing is in my head since Clint’s birthday party.  It’s like my brain has rewound some years, and I keep thinking back to the way that I did when I had my medical practice.  Stupid things like facts that I read from medical journals, and notes from past patients that I recall from patients who would probably sooner have me dead than be on my patient roster again, after what happened.  I love being here and working with Laura and the boys, the ranch and the horses, but it’s like my brain has already made up my mind.  It’s like that part of my subconscious is awake again, and fathomable.  Whereas, even a couple of weeks ago, I would have shaken such thoughts off.
Then when I think about Laura, and how much life has changed for me since we met, I realize that I couldn’t live without her now.  The thought of her not with me is very unsettling.  The thought of me not being my best is also unsettling. Being around a motivated, smart, hard-working woman, who knows what she wants, reminds me of how I was when I was with Kelly.  Nothing could stand in my way, and I was always striving to be my best.  Not that working at a ranch is beneath me, because that’s an ingrained part of me since I was a young boy, but I suppose that deep down, I know all those years in medical school count for something.  And I know that if Laura was doing something just to settle, that I would encourage her to do what’s right for her in her heart.  So I know that if I make a bold move and accept Clint’s offer, that she’ll understand.  
But I decide to go one step further.  The stable is quiet, as all the horses are in the pasture.  Dialing Kurt’s number, I can feel my heart pound in my chest.  I know that I’m doing the right thing. I know that I’m going to make Laura proud.  
Kurt answers on the first ring.  I hear a horse whinnying in the background.  “Hey, there, stranger.” He says warmly.  “I thought that you’d crawled off the face of the earth and died.  What’s happening?”
“It’s all good, man.  No complaints.” I chuckle.
“How’s Huttonville treating you?”
“Very well.”
“Really.” He says flatly.  “So, you like working out on the ranch?”
“Yeah, it’s pretty awesome, actually.  The people I work with are great.  The town is just like my roots, only there are a couple of bad eggs out here, that I’m quickly becoming acquainted with.”
“Nobody’s giving you any trouble?”
I frown.  “Not a lick of it.”
“Sounds like hog heaven to me.” he scoffs.
“How’s mama and Hawk?”
“Fine.  Both driving me nuts, as usual.”
“I figured.” Time to dive in. “You looking to bust out of there some time?”
A pause. “What did you have in mind?”
“Laura…err…her brother’s made me an offer.  He’s a doctor, see, and I’ve been thinking some.”
“About going back into medicine.” He states.
“Yeah,” A pause.  “Now, Laura’s last Lead Hand, well, it’s a long story, but the last thing she needs right now is to be worrying about replacing me.”
“So you want me to come out there to Huttonville.” He follows along.
“If Hawk can manage.  And if you’re looking for a change of scenery.  It’s no bother if you’re not up for it.  I just figure I’d give it a shot.  Last thing I want is for Laura to have to worry about that.”
“This Laura…what’s she like?”
“She’s fantastic.” I look for other words to describe her, but I have to bite my tongue before I say the famous, four-letter ‘L’ word.
“Yeah?  She good to work for?”
“She’s the best.  Treats us like kings here.”
“How’s the living quarters?”
“Good.  Err…better than there, for sure.”
“Yeah?” he seems impressed.  “You’d have to move all your grub outta there pretty fast.  Where are you going to stay?”
Uh oh.  “Err…I’m staying in the house.” 
“In the house?  She’s letting you live in there with her?” he’s flabbergasted.  “Wow, you must be one hell of a Lead Hand.  That’s unheard of.” He pauses.  “Wait a minute…you’ve been there…what…a few weeks?  And you’re already…living in the house with her?  Did you tell her about going back into medicine?”
“Not yet.”
Another pause.  “Am I missing something here?  Something don’t add up.”
I sigh.  “I’m…seeing her.  Laura and I are…together.”
He laughs. “See, I knew there was more to this story.” I can hear the smile on his face.  “Well, I’ll be damned, Grayson.  Good for you, man.”
“Thanks.”
“Never thought I’d see the day.” He chuckles, good-naturedly.  “So you don’t want your sweetheart getting her feathers all ruffled before telling her that you’re not working for her anymore.”
“Now you’re talking.”
“It’s also probably a little awkward…now that you’re technically…sleeping with your boss, right?”
“Don’t be a jackass.  It’s not like that.  I’m in love with her.”
A pause.  “She know that?”
“Pretty sure.”
“Alright.  I’ll go tell Hawk and Mama.  You want me to keep the part out about Laura?  Mama’ll go ape shit if she knows you’ve met someone, and she hasn’t met her.”
“I’ll bring Laura up to meet everyone soon.”
“How soon do you want me there?”
“I don’t know.  I’ve got to talk to Clint first.  I’ll be in touch.”
“Sounds good, bro.  Happy for you, man.”
“Thanks.”
Now I’m stuck.  My hands are shaking with excitement, but I don’t know who I should tell first…

Chapter 19
Laura
The moonlight is shining down on the water, making it sparkle.  Grayson has the fire roaring with the perfect heat and flame, keeping us warm on this clear summer night.  We left the horses at the ranch, and opted to walk to the site this time.  Grayson brought all the gear over earlier today, so it was just a light walk, without all the load to carry as well.  It was set up and ready to go; even the campfire, once we arrived.  Of course, Chip came along, since he follows us both everywhere.  
As the crickets begin to chirp, Grayson rubs my back.  “This is lovely, isn’t it?  Just you, me, the stars.”
Poignantly, as though picking up on the omission of his name, Chip barks.  “Don’t forget him.” I laugh.
Chip is next to Grayson, so he reaches down and scratches his head.  “I wouldn’t forget about you, buddy.”  
Tail wagging, Chip sits up, resting his snout on Grayson’s leg.  “I suppose he’s ours now, huh.”
“Since I never heard a thing from all those notices, yeah, this is his new home.”
“Shame that someone would just let a fine animal like this run away.”
Reaching over, I pet his head.  “Who knows where he came from, Grayson.  He could have hitched a ride on a cargo train for all we know.  He could have come all the way from Canada, Russia, or anywhere.”
“That’s true.”
Chip inches his way between us, so we can both pet him.  “Wow, he certainly loves you.” Grayson says, as Chip’s snout slides over my knees.  
I smile, scratching his head.
“Hard not to.” Grayson says softly.  When I look over at him, his eyes are hooded.
“Why, Grayson Thomas, are you trying to tell me that you love me?” I smile warmly, petting the dog still, yet my eyes are on his.
“Why, yes, I am, Laura Warner.” He says, matter-of-factly, but he keeps his voice soft.  
Leaning over, I kiss his lips.  “I love you, too.” I murmur.  Another kiss.  “But...don’t let it go to your head.  You’re still my employee.” I wink and plant another kiss on him.
He can’t help but grin, winking back.  “Not for long.”
My brows raise.  “Really?  Loving me and leaving me, are you?” my words say I’m serious, but Grayson knows that I’m just playing along.
“I’m not going anywhere…except into town.”
“This wouldn’t have anything to do with you paying Clint a visit today, would it?”
Grayson scoffs, shaking his head, chuckling good-naturedly. “Man, is nothing a surprise in this town?”
I shrug.  “Well, I don’t know the details, but when Clint told me that you’d stopped by, I figured that it was to ask his permission for my hand in marriage, or to take him up on his offer.” I sigh.  “I figured…we’ve only known each other for a few weeks, so it has to be the latter.”
Grayson tips his chin up.  “What if I just wanted to say hello?”
“He was just here this morning, babe.  You said hello then.”
He draws in a deep breath, looking at the fire.  “And you knew about the offer.”
“Of course.”  I explain.  “We don’t keep secrets in this family.”  I look at him until his gaze meets mine.  “Are you upset?”
He cups my face with his hands.  “Takes a lot more than that to upset me.  I think you know that by now.” He kisses me. His kisses are long and tender, but chaste.  “There is one thing that you don’t know.”
“You ate the last bagel this morning.” I guess playfully.
“No, but I heard the boys fighting over that.” He licks his lips.  “My brother Kurt is coming to take my place at the ranch.”
I’m impressed.  “Really.” My neck cranes back.  “Another Thomas under my roof?”
“That’s right.”  I nod.  “Least this way, you don’t have to worry about hiring someone else…at least…not for a while, anyway.”
“And he’s willing to come out here?”
“He’s on his way. Should be here by morning.”
I look at the fire.  “Wow.  I’ve got to hand it to you, Grayson.  Even my family wouldn’t drop everything for me.”
“What are you talking about?” My voice raises an octave.  “Your family, and your friends, I might add, are the stuff you can only read about in books.  Will’s over here almost daily, hauling stuff around for you, Clint has been here every day between shifts at the hospital and at his own clinic. Lisa is here all the time, your entire family showed up for Clint’s party, and Clint, bless him, barely knows me, yet he trusts you enough to trust me, a known alcoholic, to work with him in his office.” He shakes his head, scoffing.  “And that’s just since I’ve been here, Laura.  I can’t even imagine how supportive all these people have been for you since Quentin died and before.”
“I didn’t…”
Grayson raises his hand.  “Let me finish.  And none of them have raised any red flags to me, either.  A stranger from El Paso, barging in, sleeping with their sister, taking over the ranch.  You have a noble family, Laura.  You should be proud.”
My hand moves to his leg, I give it a squeeze, and then slide my hand up and down his thigh.  “I didn’t mean to downstage my family, Grayson.  I know how great they are.  I know how great Lisa is.  What I’m trying to say is that...well, maybe you’re right.  Maybe sometimes I take for granted how great they really are.”
He kisses my temple.  “I don’t think you take them for granted, love.  I just think that sometimes you’re too busy to see how much support they give you.  It’s not your fault.  This is a buzzing place night and day.  I’ve learned that part already.” I blush, remembering this morning, and our almost ‘oopsy’ when Lisa arrived unannounced.  “I suppose that’s the price you pay for having all that support.  Spontaneity gets thrown out the window some.”
My voice is laced with need when I say, “We can have all the spontaneity we want now.” 
Grayson’s eyes search mine.  His voice is husky.  “Ever made love next to a fire?”
I shake my head no, leaning in.  “M..Um.”
His head is tilted, and his lips are touching mine when he asks.  “Like to try?”
I answer by enveloping his bottom lip with my lips.  He kisses me fully on the lips, making up for the lost kisses this morning, as a soft moan escapes from my throat.  Grayson is an incredible kisser.  He could ask for anything in exchange for one of his swoon-worthy, insides-turn-into-instant-pudding kind of kisses. Two minutes later, we’re laying on the sleeping bag, in front of the fire.  Chip has lost all interest in us, and is sleeping soundly on the grass.  
Grayson’s body hovers over mine as he peels his shirt off over his head.  My hands, like they’re almost independent from my body, touch every inch of his chest, abdomen and back, as his eyes search mine.  “I love you, Laura.  I mean it.” He says softly.  The conviction in his eyes tells me that for the first time since he lost so much of himself when Kelly died, he has not only learned to love himself again, but he’s also learned to love another.  It’s such a huge leap for him, and not only am I so proud of him, but I’m also so proud that he’s come so far in such a short time.  All this knowledge is almost telepathically shared with me through his eyes, and the message is received, so deeply, that I feel a tear fall down the side of my cheek.  He sees it and rests his head on my forehead.
“I love you so much, Grayson.  I’m so lucky.  You are a true gift from God to me.  And I’m so thankful that such a wonderful man has walked into my life.”
He lifts his head off mine. His voice is a whisper.  “Now, stop it.  You’re going to get me started.” 
I chuckle, brushing a finger down the side of his face.  He glances at my lips, and gives me the most all-consuming, feel it from the top of my head to the tips of my toes kind of kiss, making me melt more than the heat from the fire beside us.  His lips trail down my jawline, and keep going down my neck, as his hands cup the sides of my breasts.  I’m already starved for his touch since this morning’s interruption, so I pull my shirt over my head unceremoniously, and toss it blindly, missing the fire by an inch.  
His lips explore my flesh as I writhe under him, forcing my hands down to his fly.  He lifts, giving me access, but his lips don’t leave my skin.  My hand can’t wait to caress him behind the zipper, and as I do, he pushes his pelvis up to aid me, and a sexy grunt comes from his throat.  As my hand slides in behind his underpants, Chip leaps onto all fours.  His ears are perked up, and he begins to growl.
Grayson lifts his head to look at him.  “What’s up, boy?”
“Maybe it’s unsettling to him…that we’re making love?” I venture.
“He’s not even looking at us, babe.” Grayson says, following the dog’s gaze.  “There’s something in the woods again.”
And it’s like dominoes.  One thing happens rapidly following another.  Chip leaps into the air, barking like a rabid animal, just as a twig from afar breaks underfoot, and the distinct sounds of someone running through brush becomes amplified in the quiet of the night.  Chip bolts towards the sound, Grayson dashes upward, taking off at lightning speed after the dog, and I throw my shirt over my head, following them.
“Stay back, Laura!” Grayson shouts at me.  “I’ll get the son-of-a-bitch!”
Chip is barking, Grayson is chasing down whatever is in the woods, or whoever, and I should be afraid, but somehow, I’m not.  
“I see you, you rat bastard!  Get back here!”  I hear Grayson yell. “You’re trespassing on private property!”
I start running back to the ranch, dousing the fire first.  As I’m running, I’m also dialing the sheriff’s number.  After I explain to Sheriff Ralph Ferguson what is going on, he says that he’ll be at the ranch as soon as he can.  Ralph and his family live closer to town, but only a five to seven minute drive away.  I consider waking Lloyd, in case Grayson runs into trouble, but I don’t want to cause unnecessary upset.  
Pacing on the front porch, I see Grayson running towards me, Chip beside him.  He’s out of breath and still shirtless.  Thank God he had the sense to do his pants back up at least, as Sheriff Ferguson pulls up a second later.  “What was it?” I ask, hugging him as I meet him at the bottom of the stairs.  I hand him his shirt, and he slides it over his head.  “Tried following the son-of-a-bitch, but the woods got so goddamn dark, I couldn’t see him after a while.  
Ralph exits the car and approaches us.  “Hi, Ralph.” I say.  “Sorry to bother you this late.”
Ralph waves.  “S’alright, Laura.” He looks at Grayson, as Grayson introduces himself.  “Nice to meet you.  I’ve heard some things about you.”
“I hope they’re all good, but who knows in this town.” Grayson comments.
“Did you see who the trespasser was, Grayson?” Ralph asks.
“Naw, he was too far away, and it was too dark.  Definitely male though.” Grayson’s thumbs are resting in the loops of his jeans.  “Laura and I were out having a fire by the clearing.”
Ralph nods.
“Chip here starts barking like someone’s in the bush, and lo and behold…” he trails off.
Ralph shakes his head.  “Ain’t much I can do at this point.  Unless you got a look at the guy.”
“How about if I’ve got a hunch?” Grayson says.  I look at him curiously, and my expression mirrors Ralph’s.
“I had a run-in with Matty Herald the other day.” Grayson admits.
“I heard about that.” Ralph volunteers.
“Now I hear he’s missing.” Grayson continues.
“Y’all think it was him?” Ralph asks.  “Why would he be hiding out in Laura’s bushes?”
Shrugging, Grayson says.  “Dunno.  He holds a torch for Laura, that I do know.”
“You think it’s him?”
“I can’t be certain, but that’s what my gut tells me.”
“His folks have reported him missing.” Ralph says.  “I’m sure the whole town knows about that.”
Grayson and I both nod. 
“That fancy car that he drives shouldn’t be hard to find around town.  Nobody’s seen him.  But it’s possible that he’s come back from wherever he was.”
“Even if it is him, Ralph, I wouldn’t worry too much.” I interject.  “Matty wouldn’t hurt anyone.  He might be in trouble with his folks, but he’s harmless.”
Ralph nods.  “Y’all want me to have a couple of troopers have a look in the woods in the morning?  It could have been some kids in there drinking or smoking dope for all we know.”
“I can take a look.” Grayson offers.  
“Y’all be sure to let me know if you find anything.” Ralph orders politely.  “I’ve got to keep proper paperwork and all, mind.”
“Definitely, sir.” Grayson says.
The next morning, as Grayson and I search the woods, other than a few scraps of garbage, we don’t find anything.  “I bet you it’s him.” Grayson says.
“Matty, you mean?”
He nods.  “We’ve left the fire pit out.  I bet you he’s using it at night for warmth.  Bringing his own gear though.  It’s too far out from the ranch, we’d never know unless we were out here.  And the nights when we have been out here, I always bring the stuff out ahead of time, so he’s got notice.” He looks back at the path we’ve travelled.  “I bet you he’s had quite the little peep show the few nights we’ve been out here.  Little pervert.”
“Grayson, you don’t know that.” I chide gently.  “Even Ralph said that it could be just some teenagers raising hell out here.”
“They’d leave beer bottles or some evidence.  Teenagers are pigs.  They don’t clean up after themselves.”
“Maybe it’s just a vagrant.  Someone just having a hard time.”
I hold her tight and kiss her temple.  “Always the hopeful, you are.  That’s one of the things that I love the most about you.”
We head back to the ranch, and there is a strange pickup truck parked on the side of the road.  “That Kurt?” I ask.
Grayson nods once.  “That would be him.” 
We look, and there’s a man talking to Simon by the pasture.  He looks over and sees us, his smile is Grayson’s.  “Heyyyy, brother.” He pats Grayson on the shoulder, and then they hug each other.
“Thanks for coming.” Grayson says.  “I see you’ve met Simon and the boys already.  This is Laura.” He turns to me.
Kurt is the same height as Grayson, with the same hair and the same face shape, but he has a different, slightly younger-looking, face.  He’s a little skinnier, but just as muscular as Grayson. “Pleasure to meet you.” He says, shaking my hand.
“The pleasure is all mine.  Thank you for helping out on such short notice.” I say, smiling.
“Oh, heck, it’s nice to get away from Hawk and my Mama.  They get under my skin so much this was the perfect opportunity to get away.  I love them and all, but man, it ain’t easy being around that much family all the time.”
“Our family, that is.” Grayson corrects.
“Simon here tells me that you had a spot of trouble in the woods last night?  Some vagrant hanging around, having himself a camp out?” Kurt asks.
“I think it’s more than a vagrant, but I can’t be sure yet.” Grayson explains.
Lloyd, overhearing, says.  “Who do you think it is?  Not Matty Herald?”
Grayson frowns.  “It could be.  But Laura says if it is, we should be relieved.  He’s not going to hurt anybody.”
Lloyd waves.  “Ah, he’d just go home if he were back in town.  He wouldn’t be camping out.  He’d just sleep in his fancy car if he were that desperate.”
“Maybe so.” Grayson says, then he addresses Kurt.  “Let me show you around.  I see that you’ve met the horses already.”
I interject.  “Grayson, maybe give him a hand with his things.  He’s probably tired after driving all night.”
Kurt gives me a half-smile.  “I’m fine, ma’am, really.  Stopped for some shuteye about halfway through.  Didn’t bring much, either.  Aside from clothes.  Us Thomas boys don’t keep a lot, as you know from Grayson here.”
“That’s true.  Okay, go on ahead.  I’ll fix us something to eat.”
Surprising me, Grayson kisses me, full on the mouth, in front of his brother and Lloyd.  “Thanks, darlin’.” He says, caressing my side with his hand.
“Oh…you’re welcome.” I breathe.
Never in my life has a man made me turn into a puddle on the floor before like that.  Never in my life has a man ever made me so happy.  And soon I’ll realize just how much that this man has changed my life, in more ways than I could fathom.

Chapter 20
Matty
It’s a free world, see, and I’ve got a right to go wherever I choose, so long as I don’t cause trouble.  My folks are looking for me, but I’m done with them.  I’ve got a new plan.  I’ll be making more money than I could ever have made working for that piece of garbage warehouse my folks had me working in.  See, I’ve got the looks that drive women wild.  Had I realized how goddamn handsome I was years ago, I’d a got into modeling or something.  The chicks here in Dallas tell me I’m magazine hot, and I believe them.
I’m staying here and there, and coming back into Huttonville, plotting my next move.  Derek, my brother, knows where I’m at, but he ain’t telling my folks.  He’s good like that.  I got a new phone, and I canceled the old one, so old Larry and Sophie are just dialing to an out-of-service number now. They have no idea.  They think they can toss me to the curb and then beg me to come back a day later?  I don’t think so.  I’ve got my pride, you know.
Sure, I banked some of daddy’s cash a while back, so I’ve been drawing from that, but I’ve got a better plan in place.  One that will garner me enough cash that I can skip town forever.  Haven’t decided where I’m going to yet, but I’ll get there.  I hear chicks out in Hawaii are gorgeous.  Maybe I’ll go there.  Haven’t decided yet.  One day at a time.  Chicks are kind of stupid, too, you know.  They see my car and me, and they think I’m rich and hot, and they don’t know anything about me, but they put out all the same when I take them out.
Derek and I have a plan.  He knows I only call at night, when mama and daddy are asleep.  Or I text him and he lets me know if it’s safe. The coast is clear this morning, as I dial his number.
“Matt, buddy, what’s going on?  Sheriff Ferguson was over here late last night talking to mama and daddy.  Were you out routing through Laura Warner’s ranch last night?”
“Yeah,” I chuckle.  “Outran Grayson like nothing you’ve ever seen.  But then, it’s kinda hard to run with your pants trailing down your legs.  I caught them just about to make it last night.”
“Really?  Did you see anything good?”
“I saw Laura’s tits last weekend.  So goddamn nice I can’t get them out of my head now.”
“Wow.” Derek is impressed.  “So, when are you gonna make your move over there?”
I cluck my tongue.  “Soon.  I’ve got lots of bread left.”
“Mama and daddy’ll take you back still.” 
“I’m so done with that, Derek.  If this plan goes through, man, I’m set.”
“Ever think about taking your ever-loyal brother with you?”
I snuffle a laugh, like he has to be kidding.  “You?  Yeah, okay, that’s happening.”
“Y…you won’t take me with you?  Seriously?”
I sigh.  “Derek, you’re the best brother I could ask for, man.  I mean, you’ve covered my ass time and time again, but man, you’ve got to understand.  This is too hot to be for you, too.  You haven’t got what I got, man.  You’ll be dead weight.  I’ll send you money, man, I swear I will.  I gave you my old phone, didn’t I?  And I promise to call you as much as I can, okay?”
Derek is a good kid, but man, he’s ugly and stupid.  And what’s worse is, he’s such a suck up with my folks.  He’s never lied to them, but he’s withheld the truth a lot for me.  All the time I was stuffing daddy’s money into my pockets, he knew about it.  He just never said anything.  I left my old phone in a secret place for him.  It’s better than the one he had, and I had to buy a new one and get a new number, to keep my folks off my tail.
“I gotta go, kid.  I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Yeah, see ya.”

***

Derek
My brother Matty is the biggest liar that ever lived.  He thinks he’s so all that, but he’s not.  Yeah, I’ve kept my mouth shut for him for the last little while, because I looked up to him, but now…now he’s just a lowlife piece of garbage.  I figured he would give me something in return for my support in his endeavors, but no, instead he’s leaving me high and dry.  Don’t get me wrong, the setup I have here is not so bad.  When Matty got promoted to sales, I went behind the cash and took the floors, instead of just stocking shelves.  One day, when I’m finished school, I can help daddy with the books, but maybe I might do something else, too.  Like start my own company.
Matty thinks I’m stupid, but I’m a hell of a lot smarter than he is.  For starters, I go to school.  He dropped out of college.  I kept track of all the stuff he swindled, and I’d been planning on using it as blackmail on him, but now that he’s left, that plan is for naught.  But I have other plans with that.  He thinks that I don’t know a lot of things, but I do.  Last night, when Sheriff Ferguson was here, I listened to the conversation, but I said nothing.  I figured it might not be Matty.
I hear a knock at my bedroom door.  “Derek?” It’s daddy.
I’m just studying for an upcoming test.  I’m taking a summer course; my program is accelerated.  “Yeah, come on in, dad.”
He opens the door and sticks his head in.  “I’m heading down to the store to meet one of the auditors.”
I lift my head from my book.  “On a Sunday?”
He tilts his head to the side.  “He’s a good kid.  Doesn’t mind.”
“Need any help?  I’m just about done here.” I offer.
“No, you study.  That’s more important.”
He’s about to close the door, when I stop him.  “Daddy?”
“Yeah.” He sticks his head back in.  
Closing my book, I look at him with conviction, like I’m about to tell him that I’ve got six months left to live.  “If you can spare a minute, come sit.”
“I’ve always got a minute.” Daddy says, and the way he looks at me, it’s like he already knows what I’m going to say.
Larry Herald is probably the hardest working man in Huttonville.  The best part is that he’s proud to do it.  He’s a man who loves what he does and it’s evident each day.  He has given my brother and I every opportunity to be successful, whether it’s at his shop or not.  
I start.  “Daddy, I’m not proud of what I did.”
“This got anything to do with your brother?” he asks with a deep sigh.
“Yeah,”
“I had a feeling Matty had roped you into something.”
Reaching into my desk, I scoop out the stack of receipts that I’d photocopied and kept a record of, indicating the true numbers, and the numbers that Matty adjusted incorrectly.  “Here.” I say.  “This will help the auditor.”
Daddy takes them and observes.  After looking at the first one, he’s caught on.  “You knew about this the whole time?”
I nod.  “Yeah.  It turns out you weren’t the only one that Matty was stringing along.  Looks like we both got screwed over.”
“Do you know where he is?”
“Here and there.  He’s back and forth.  It was him routing through Ms. Warner’s bushes last night, though. That I know for sure.”
Daddy rakes a hand through his hair, and then he gives me a look that says, ‘level with me’.  “Forget that he’s your brother.  I want you to put yourself in my shoes, Derek.  What would you do if he was your son, pulling a stunt like this?”
The fact that daddy is asking for my input, gives me a sense of pride.  Daddy doesn’t ask many people for their opinion, at least not anyone without a degree in some University designation.  “Did you cancel all your credit cards?” I ask.
“The day he left.”
“And he has no other ties to you financially?”
“Not a drop.”
“Let Sheriff Ferguson know what’s going on. Cancel the search party.” I say.  “Let him come in on his own accord, when his plan goes south, and then make him pay back everything he took before giving him a job…as a stock boy.”
Daddy smiles.  “What kind of plan does he have, Derek?”
“One that’s sure to fail.”
“Do you know what it is.”
I shake my head.  “Nope.  But if it’s all his doing, he won’t go far with it.”
“You’re one smart kid.”
“At least you have one of them, daddy.”

***

Matty
It’s been like three weeks, and I haven’t heard from my brother.  I’ve tried calling him and texting him, but he doesn’t answer.  It’s my old phone, but I’m thinking that maybe there is something wrong with it.  I can’t call anyone else in town, because then everyone will know.  I got a job and a place to stay now, so things are looking up.  It’s not a dump, but it’s better than living in my car or camping at the Kelsey Ranch.  I’m flipping burgers and waiting tables at some armpit of a diner just outside of Huttonville.  Nobody knows me here, so it’s cool.  
Laura and Grayson are as tight as hell, which makes me want to puke.  What’s worse is that his brother is living there, too.  You won’t believe this, but Grayson’s a goddamn doctor!  He’s working with Clint, Laura’s brother, and I don’t know what in the hell kind of medical University gave him a license, but holy crap.  How do you go from working at a ranch to being a doctor?  I’d sure like to know who he paid off to get there.  That’s what I’ve got to do.  
 Worst part is, it’s almost like I don’t exist anymore.  At first, this was kind of cool, because my folks had all but an A.P.B. out looking for me.  I had to lay low or play Russian Roulette, which was kind of fun.  But now, I don’t even have to hide my car or wear a disguise anymore, because…nobody cares.  Not even my parents or my own brother.  They’ll all care when I have it all.  Once I get what I want, they’ll all be after me like white on rice.  Especially Laura.  When I get what I want, when I accomplish what I’ve set out for, when I achieve the goal that I’ve set out for, they’ll all notice me. 
I’ll be king of the goddamn world…

***

Grayson

Laura had a smock made special for me.  It was a present for me for my first day in the doctor’s office.  It’s only been a week, but so far it’s been great.  Like riding a bicycle almost.  Technology is a little different though.  I don’t fill out prescriptions by hand anymore.  Clint has this great digital signature software that places your signature at the bottom of each prescription that you produce.  It even works for diagnostic orders and anything else that would require a doctor’s signature.  
There’s a medical convention coming up in a couple of weeks that Clint and I are going to.  And I’m set up to attend a couple of seminars.  The medical journals come digitally now, so my phone is full of reading material that I’m catching up on at night or between patients if time permits.  So far I don’t have any of my own patients yet, but we have a note up on the wall suggesting that I’m new and accepting new patients.  Right now I’m spearheading the walk-in clinic, which is great.  Clint’s also twisted a few arms over at the hospital, and I’ve done a few shifts there as well.  Every week I’m going to rotate with Clint, working in various departments.  Last night I covered the Emergency Department, and man, I forgot how much of a rush that can be at times.  
As I pull up to the ranch, I see Laura dismounting from Trixie.  Kurt, I can see over in the stable, rubbing down Weasel.  Laura sees me as I approach, and she smiles.  God, her smile lights up my heart.  “Hi, baby.” She says, and I catch her as she takes a step off the horse.  She’s in my arms; her legs are draped over my forearms.  Her arms snake around my neck.  
“Hello, my love.  How was your day?” I kiss her full on the mouth.  
“Mmmm…much better now.” She purrs.  “When I saw you the other day in your smock, I just about melted.”
“Remind me to bring one of them home, then.”  I wiggle my eyebrows.  “How about tomorrow night I come to bed wearing nothing but that?”
She lifts a brow.  “How about if I wear nothing but that?”
I kiss her, letting it deepen, unbeknownst to whoever is watching, even though I know that Kurt is almost in earshot.
“Mmm…I miss you wearing your Stetson.” Laura comments.
“Come on upstairs. I’ll take everything off and leave just my hat on.”
“Ooooo…you drive a hard bargain.”
My face is low and husky.  “Well…not yet.”
She smiles. “I can fix that.”
“Oh, I know you can, baby.” I look around.  “You busy?”
Her head tilts to the side. “We can’t make love in the middle of the day, Grayson.”
“Why not?” I kiss her neck.  “Besides, it’s not the middle of the day.  It’s almost supper time.”
“Is it?” Her voice changes.  She’s suddenly in work mode again.  “Let me down.  Shoot, I have to go help Grace in the kitchen.”
I put her down but hold her close.  “Laura, honey, you worry too much. Grace is fine.  I’m fine.  Kurt is fine.  Everything is fine.”  I kiss her lips.  “The world is not going to fall apart if we go upstairs for a while.”
“I know that, Grayson.  But we can’t do that with people in the house.” 
My grin spreads to her face as I lean in and rest my forehead on hers.  “Alright, you win.  But you’re all mine tonight.  No arguments.”
“Deal.” She says, and then she kisses me sweetly.  “Love you, baby.”
“I love you, too.” I pat her bottom.  “Now, get in there and help out, geez…I mean, you leave the poor girl in there all alone?  What kind of a deadbeat boss are you, anyway?” I smile, teasing.  I give her a wink.
She smacks me playfully, and I pat her bottom again, as she walks away.
I walk over to Kurt and he lifts his head from scrubbing under the horse.  “I thought I was going to have to get the hose.” He says without looking at me.
“The horse that dirty?” I ask, not catching on.
“No, for you two.” He says, grunting as he bends over.
I chuckle but decline any comment.  
Suddenly, I see Lisa’s car pull up.  “Uh oh.  Here comes trouble.” 
Kurt looks up.  “She’s a weird one.”
“Only around you, man.” I point out.  “The first time I met her, I thought she was going to straddle me right in the living room.  She’s all over Clint, too.  When you come around, she runs and hides.  It’s too weird.” I say.
Kurt’s face scrunches.  “She doesn’t act like that at all around me.”
“She doesn’t act like that with anyone now that you’ve come around.” I scoff.  “Either she’s taken on a new leaf, doesn’t like you, or she really likes you.”
“I’ll bank on one or two.  I don’t get any vibe from her that she likes me.  In fact, she’s pretty quiet, so I’ll say that she doesn’t like me.  Fine by me.  A woman is the last thing I need in my life.”
Leaning on the post by Weasel’s pen, I say.  “If you ask me, I’d say that having a woman is highly underrated.”
He gives me a look.  “You would.” 
I chuckle.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“With a woman like Laura, I can see how you’d feel that way.”
“Thanks, man.  That’s why I love her.”
“And you better be sure and don’t make her wait too long before…you…you know…dum, dum, duh dum…”
“Wha…you think I should marry her, do you?” I rest one ankle over the other in contemplation.
“Wha…yeah.  A woman like that doesn’t wait forever for guys like us.”
I look him up and down.  “Since when are you such an expert?”
“I told you that Mama and Hawk were driving me nuts.  Watching goddamn Doctor Phil and Oprah and girly shows like that.  Messed with my head.” He scrubs the horse with more vigor, seemingly getting his frustrations out.
I laugh out loud.  “Hawk?  Hawk watches Oprah?”
He lifts his head.  “All those dang talk shows.  They record them on the goddamn PVR and watch them when all the horses are settled for the night.  Drives me out of my goddamn mind.” He chuckles. “I was so bloody happy that there ain’t no television in this house.  If I have to watch another minute of that crap…I’ll lose my mind.”
I pat him on the back.  “Oh, man…then you’ll be damn relieved that Lisa doesn’t talk much around you.  She’s worse than Hawk and Mama put together.” 
His face straightens.  “You let me know when she leaves.”
I blurt out another laugh, shaking my head as I walk away.
God, have I missed having Kurt around…

Chapter 21
Laura
Lisa walks in the door as I’m helping Grace with dinner.  She’s peeling carrots and then I chop them and toss them into a pot.  “Laura?” Lisa calls from the mouth of the kitchen.
“Oh, hi, Lisa.” I say, turning around.  “Staying for supper?”
“No…err…can I talk to you in private?”
I look at Grace.  “I’ll be right back.”
“Take your time.  I’m almost finished.” Grace says as I remove my apron and hang it over a kitchen chair.
Following Lisa into the study, I close the door behind us.  “What’s up?”
“Well, nothing’s up, I just didn’t want to talk in front of Grace.”
“Why not?”
She gives me a knowing look.  “You know that I don’t like her very much.”
I smirk.  
“What’s that look for?”
“You know that you never had a problem with Grace until Kurt arrived.” I lift a brow, testing her.
“Don’t go there.” She warns, lifting a finger.
“Why not?” I taunt.
 I hear a knock at the door.  “Laura?” It’s Grayson.
“Come on in, honey.  It’s just Lisa and I in here.”
He opens the door and cranes his neck.  “What are you two doing hiding out in here?” he walks over to me and kisses me on the mouth…twice.  My belly starts to tingle.
“Just talking.  What’s going on?”
“Nothing.” His eyes slide over to Lisa.  “What are you two plotting in here?”
Lisa is nonplussed.  “We’re not plotting anything in here, Grayson.  Just enjoying a little privacy is all.”
“Really.” Grayson isn’t convinced.
“The boys okay outside? Did Kurt have any trouble with Weasel?” I ask Grayson.
“No, he’s fine.  Just finishing up.  Weasel seems to like him.” he looks at Lisa.
Her brows knit together. “What?”
“Just wondering if it’s catching.” His lips are a thin smile, like he’s trying to hide something.
“Wondering if what’s catching?” Lisa’s voice has raised an octave.  She knows exactly what Grayson is talking about.
“Quit teasing her.” I say.  He gives me a wink and leans over to kiss me again.
“Oh, would you two get a room!” Lisa barks, irritated.
Grayson’s smile is so cute as he pulls away from my lips.  His face is still close enough that I can feel the heat from his skin on mine.  “I’m going to go and give—”
Grayson is cut off as Kurt walks in the door.  “Err...excuse me.” he says, looking at Lisa, but I know that he’s either addressing me or Grayson.  She looks at him, but her eyes divert away quickly.
“What’s up, bro?” Grayson says.
“Sorry to interrupt.” Kurt says, still looking at Lisa, even though her eyes are glued to me.
“It’s okay, Kurt.  What can I do for you?” Grayson says.
“I think Lloyd’s…sick.” Kurt gestures with his thumb towards the back.  “He’s puking his guts up like nobody’s business out there.”
“Where is he?  I’ll go take a look.” Grayson says, trotting out the door, we all walk quickly, in his wake.
Sure enough, Lloyd is bent over, throwing up in the grass by the pasture.  As we approach, the wave seems to pass.  He looks over as Grayson comes up behind him.  “You alright, there, buddy?” Grayson asks, touching his forehead with the back of his hand.
“Hurts like hell.  Burns.” Lloyd says, holding his stomach, still crouched over.
“You want some ginger ale?” I offer.
He shakes his head no.
Grayson glances at the pile of vomit on the grass.  “You eat something red, partner?”
“Not that I remember.  Laura, you remember us eating anything red?” Lloyd asks me.
Thinking for a moment, I try to remember.  “I don’t think so.” I say with uncertainty.
Grayson makes a ‘hm’ noise.  “Might be a little blood.  You feel well enough to come down to the clinic?  I’ll take you myself.”
“If I can bring a plastic bag.  I sure don’t want to puke in your pretty truck.” Lloyd scoffs.
“Don’t worry, my friend.” Grayson pats his shoulder, and then addresses me.  “Darlin’, you mind running in to get a grocery bag?  I’ll take him over now.”
“Sure.”
As I walk by, I notice that Lisa and Kurt are standing right next to each other.  They are only a hand width apart.  It’s the first time since they met that they’ve stood that close to each other.
When I return with a bag and a glass of water for Lloyd, Grayson kisses me again before leaving.  I walk away quickly, not wanting to break the spell between Lisa and Kurt.  But just as I think that, they separate, wordlessly.  Lisa is following me as if totally embarrassed.  Her face is red and she’s scurrying on her feet to stay as close to me as possible.  “What in the hell is wrong with you, girl?” I say through gritted teeth, trying to keep my voice down, so Kurt can’t hear.  
“Nothing is wrong.”
“Then why are you walking away from that man like he’s got serious body odor?”
We get into the study and close the door.  Lisa sits down and puts her hands on her face.  “I don’t…know.”
Concern suddenly registers on my face.  “Does he give you a bad vibe or something?  Really, I’ve never seen you like this around anyone before.”
Removing her hands from her face, she sighs. “No, he doesn’t give me a bad vibe at all.  And that’s the problem.”
“Why is that a problem?”
“Because, Laura, all my life, for as long as I can remember, men have been like a moth to a flame for me.  I want to see them, touch them, talk to them, straddle some of them, you get the picture.”
“Uh huh.  I get it.  Not in the lewd way that you do, but I understand.” I giggle.
“And he…he just…” she’s staring at a spot on the wall, searching for the right words.  “He’s so…sweet.  And when he’s around, I don’t know what to say.  I can’t crawl all over him like I’ve done with every other man I’ve met.  Something in me is like…not repelling me from him, but…”
“Just the opposite?” I venture.
“Maybe.” She shrugs, her eyes still look lost. “But I’m too afraid to find out.”
“Do you want me to set the two of you up?” 
Her eyes widen.  “God, no!  Oh, Lord, I’d rather die!”
“Well, how else are you going to know?”
“I don’t know.” She says with a heavy sigh.  “But I have to figure out how to talk to him first.”
Kurt walks in the front door.
“You can start now.”

***

I’m helping Wendy clean up the dishes from dinner, making sure to save a plate for Grayson and Lloyd, when I hear them come in the front door.  Lloyd has more color in his face.  “How are you feeling?” I ask him.
“Better.  Grayson here says I’ve got a bleeding ulcer.  Got some medication and I’ll be fit as a fiddle in a day or two.”
Relief washes over me.  “Oh, thank God.”
“He’ll be fine.  Just need to adjust his diet some.” Grayson says.  “And a few other things that we talked about.  Nothing serious.”
“Are you hungry?” I address them both.
Grayson comes over and kisses me.  “Depends what’s on the menu.” He winks.
“Pork chops with brown rice, carrots, cauliflower and green beans.”
“I’ll take some of that.” Grayson says.
“I’ll have a little, too.” Lloyd says.
“Better to stick with just the rice and vegetables for tonight, my friend.” Grayson counters.
“I was afraid y’all were gonna say that.” Lloyd says, the disappointment evident in his voice.
I kiss Grayson’s head when I bring him his plate.  “Thanks, darlin’.” He gives my rear end a rub.  “Kurt back in his quarters?”
“I think so.  The boys mentioned something about playing cards.  I think that’s what they’re doing tonight.”
A few hours later, I’m laying in the tub, feeling myself drifting off, when I hear Grayson come upstairs.  He knocks softly on the door.  “Come in.”
He enters and closes the door behind him.  “You look cozy in there.” His smile is warm.
“I could sleep in here I’m so comfy.”
“You look tired, darlin’.  You feeling okay?”
“Just exhausted.  This is helping.”
He sits on the edge of the lion’s foot tub, crossing one ankle over the other.  His arms are resting on his chest.  My whole body is immersed in suds, and my hair is still braided, but the braid is wound in a circle on top of my head.  “Why don’t you hire someone to look after your books part-time?  A student or something like that.  You’re so busy here at the ranch all the time, I worry you’re overworked.”
“Trust is a fragile thing, Grayson.  Plus, then what would I do all day?  I’ve got enough help with the horses and the grounds, plus Wendy and Grace.  If I don’t do the books, how am I going to keep myself busy?”
“You’re always doing something around here, sweetheart.  Seriously.  You work fourteen-hour days six days a week. It would do you some good to step back a bit.”
“I just love living with a doctor now.” I tease, lifting my toe out of the tub, getting his arm wet.”
“Baby, I’m serious.” He says, with a gentle edge in his voice.  “You could spend more time with the horses.  Think about it.”
“And what will I do when you’re working crazy shifts at the hospital and at the clinic?  If I haven’t got my work to do, I’ll just be sitting here, pining for you.”
With that comment, he lifts off the tub, takes off his clothes, watching me with his sexy, sultry, smouldering look, until he’s completely naked.  God, is he a sight to see in the buff.  “You want to drain some of that water out so we don’t have a flood?” he murmurs.
“Are you going to join me?” my voice is silky.
“I had intended on doing that.”
Without taking my eyes off him, I pull the plug with my toe, and watch the water level lower slightly.  When it’s at a more desirable level, Grayson slips in behind me, wrapping his arms around my wet, soapy body.  “Mmmm…bath time is much more fun with company.” I purr.
His lips find my earlobe, and he gives it a gentle suck, and then he trails kisses down my neck.  “Well, that’s interesting.” He whispers in my ear.
“I can tell.” I chuckle, feeling his growing interest behind me.  
“Ever made love in a bathtub?” Grayson asks.
“Can’t say that I have.” 
“Me neither.” He murmurs, as his hands explore my warm, slippery body.  My back arches from his touch as he guides my knees upward, and helps us form our intimate bond.  The water sloshes in a gentle rhythm, in sync with our lovemaking, as Grayson takes me to the depths of our desire and love for each other in a relaxed yet satisfying new way.  When we both find our release, I turn my head as he angles his head downwards, and we kiss tenderly, a dozen times.  “That was really interesting.” He says, still winded slightly.
“Is that the word of the day?” I tease, chuckling.
“Could be.” He says, holding me close.  “I love you, darlin’.”
“I love you, too.” I lean up and kiss his lips once more.  “I need to get out of this tub.  I’m already a prune.”
“Best tasting prune.” He says, getting up out of the tub, and picking his clothes up off the floor.  We finish getting ready for bed, and we both slide under the covers together.  His arms pull me close as our naked bodies connect.  “What do you think about offering riding lessons?”
“Here at the ranch, you mean?”
“Yeah.  Ever thought about it?”
“We used to up until about a year ago.  But then interest waned when all the kids grew up.  After that we only focused on breeding and competitions.”
“You should try it again.  And offer adult classes as well.” Grayson suggests.  “You’d be surprised how many patients I’ve talked to that don’t know how to ride a horse, or their kids, for that matter.”
I turn to face him.  “Ever thought about opening up your own practice?  Maybe have an office here at the ranch?”
His face brightens.  “Well, no, I hadn’t thought of that.”  He snuggles in closer.  “You’d let me do that?”
“Why not?  After Edgar’s accident, and Lloyd’s trouble today, it wouldn’t hurt to have a doctor on site.  Plus, this place is big enough.  We could build you an office beside the barn or on the other side of the staff quarters.  It wouldn’t take long.”
He pauses, looking at me.  His eyes search mine.  The lamp on the nightstand is the only thing illuminating our faces.  “You ever think about getting married again?  You know…some day?”
I crane my neck back slightly, but try to buffer my reaction.  “Until I met you, the thought never entered my mind.”
“And now?”
“Well, we haven’t known each other for long, but, yeah, I could see myself getting married again.  What about you?”
“Life is full of possibilities, darlin’.”  He swallows, sliding his thumb up and down my back, in a soothing, loving motion.  “But sometimes, when I look at you, that’s all I can think about.”
I gasp with emotion.  Tears prick the backs of my eyes.  “God, Grayson.  That’s the sweetest thing you’ve ever said to me.”
“I say what I mean, and I mean what I say, Laura.” He says softly.  “And I love you.  God…damn, do I love you.” 
Tears are flowing out of my eyes.  He lifts his hand, wiping my tears with his thumb.  “That’s all I ever want to see coming out of those eyes…happy tears.”
I can’t think of anything more to say.  I can never top his words, and I just want to take him in, all of him.  My lips kiss every inch of his face, playfully, as he chuckles, he tickles me, and we’re both laughing, giggling, playing in bed, until he pins me down and starts kissing in the places where he was tickling before.  Succumbing to his touch, we make love again, and then we fall asleep in each other’s arms until the early morning.

Chapter 22
Clint
Grayson is doing his rounds at the hospital this morning, so I’m pleasantly surprised when my sister Laura pays me an impromptu visit.  As I sit at my desk, completing charts from the morning’s patients, one of the receptionists sends me an instant message, telling me that Laura is here to see me.  I message back to send her in.
“Hey,” I say as she pops her head in.  “Come on in.  Grayson’s at the hospital this morning.  You just missed him.”
She comes in and closes the door behind her.  “How’s he doing?”
“How long have you been waiting to ask me that?”
“Since he started.” She admits sheepishly.
Sighing, I put my pen down and look at her.  “Well, rest assured, he’s doing perfect.  Better than I expected.  It’s like he hit the ground running.  He hasn’t asked for a lick of help, either.  The man is a born doctor, Laura.”
“I offered for him to open a practice at the ranch.  He hasn’t given me an answer yet, but it’s only been a couple of weeks since I mentioned it.”
“He’s free to do that if he likes.” I frown.  “But to be fair, he seems pretty happy here.”
She lifts her hand and places it on top of mine on the desk.  “Oh, he is, Clint.  He loves it here.  It was my idea to open one at the ranch.  He may put it right out of his mind for all I know.”
“As long as he’s happy.” I say.  “You’ve got to love what you do and where you do it.  If he prefers his own practice, he has my blessing.  But I welcome him here all the same.”
“I knew you would say that.” She smiles warmly.  “Will was over earlier.  Did he tell you that he’s got a girlfriend?”
This piques my interest.  “No.  Have you met her?”
“No.  I don’t think it’s serious yet.  But serious enough that he told me about her.”
“Hm.  I was going to stop by this morning before work, but the alarm panel went off earlier, so I had to divert and come here.  I figured I’d come by after work today, since I’m not at the hospital.”
“Is everything okay with the alarm?”
“Yeah.  Something set it off.  Who knows.  We don’t have any narcotics or cash here, so if someone was trying to break in, I’m not sure what it was for.”
“Needles, data, scammers will collect just about anything that they think is worth money.”
I’m sensing that Laura has something else to tell me, but she’s taking her time.  So I gauge her.  “How are things with Grayson?  You two still getting along well?”
“We had a conversation a couple of weeks ago about marriage.” She states, nodding.
“And it took you this long to tell me that?” I scoff.  “I bet Lisa knew in a heartbeat.”
She’s staring at her hands, almost nervously.  “No, actually.  I haven’t told Lisa.  I’m afraid that she’ll blurt it out and embarrass the hell out of Grayson.  For all I know he was just testing the waters.  It could be months…years…before he mentions it again.”
Bending down, I try to look in her eyes.  There’s something else in there.  I can tell.  “Hey.” 
She looks at me and purses her lips.  “Clint, I need you to do something for me.”
I sit up straight, taking her hand in mine.  Concern is registered on my face and in my voice. “What, Laura.  Anything.”
She swallows before answering.  Her tone is serious, like she’s admitting to a serious fault.  “I think I’m pregnant.”
My hand is still holding hers, but I sit back slightly.  “How far along?”
“My last period was…” she looks at the ceiling, doing period math.  “…I don’t know, probably six weeks, eight weeks ago.  Before Grayson was here, for sure.”
“Well, hell, Laura.  He’s been here, what, about that long.” I sigh and look at her.  “You up for this if you are?”
Her lips thin and she bites her bottom lip, as her eyes fill with tears.  Sniffling, she wipes a tear away that travels down her cheek.  “I know I am.  I…got so old looking after the ranch, and after Quentin died…I forgot to have kids.” Her voice cracks.  “Always wanted them.  Never had a chance.”
“And you’re afraid that if you are pregnant, that all of this marriage talk is out the window, and Grayson’s tires’ll hit the gravel before you can blink.” I state.
“Something like that.”
I look at her and shake my head.  “Really, Laura.  I think you need to give the man just a little bit more credit.”
“He’s an old-fashioned guy, Clint. He’d want to be married first.”
“He’s not that old-fashioned, Laura.  You two have been living together, and clearly having sex for a long while now.” I point out.
She wipes her eyes with her hands, releasing her hand from mine.  “Maybe you’re right.  But I’m still afraid.”
“There’s nothing to be afraid of, sis.  Grayson loves you.  Hell, the man adores you, worships the goddamn ground you walk on.  He’s not going to leave you for anything, especially if you’re having his baby.”
I rise, pulling an unmarked pill bottle out of the drawer by the small examination bed I have in my office.  I hand her the bottle.  “You know what to do.  Bring it back here.  There’s only one way to settle this.”
She gets up and takes the bottle.  
“Don’t forget to put a towel around it.” I warn playfully.  “You’re my sister, but I still don’t want to be touching your piss.”
That gets a slight smile.  
Five minutes later, Laura returns with a full bottle, complete with a paper towel wrapped around it.  I place a strip of paper in it that detects a certain level of pregnancy hormone in it.  She sits in the guest chair, not able to look at me, while I dip the paper in.  After the test is complete, I dump the urine down the sink, and dispose of the bottle and the paper, and wash up.  Taking my seat in front of her, I clasp my hands together in front of me on the desk.
She looks at me expectantly.  “Well, are you going to hold me in suspense?  What is it?”  I detect a hint of a smile on her face.  
“Is that a…smile I see?” I tease.
“No, it’s not.” She lies, unable to stop it now.
I play along.  “You already know, don’t you?”
“Know what?  Why would I waste your time coming all the way down here if I already knew?” She’s almost giddy.
I shake my head.  “Man, have I got dirt on you now, sis.  By golly, I could place a call to Lisa, and the whole town would know in an instant.”
Her eyes bulge, but her eyes are dancing.  “You mean it’s positive?”
“It is.”
Her hands cup her nose and mouth as she gasps.  “Oh my God!  Are you serious?  It’s positive?”
I nod once.  “Positive.”
Her hands still cup her face.  “Oh my God!”
“My sister’s going to have a baby.” I gush, toying with her.
“Oh my God, shut up!” she says, unable to hide her excitement.  “How am I going to tell Grayson?!”
“Well, when he gets home tonight, all exhausted and miserable from the misery that is the Emergency Ward, give him the great news…that he’s going to be a daddy.”
She smacks me, absent-mindedly.  “Oh my God, shut up!” she gasps.  I’m chuckling at her reaction, and I’m so glad that I get to be the first one to see it.  
“I’m going to be an Uncle.” I add.
Another smack.  “What are you hitting me for?” I laugh.
“I don’t know.” Her hands leave her face, which is as bright as a one thousand-watt lightbulb.  “I have no idea.  I’m…numb.”
“Well, hold on to that feeling now, because in about nine months time you’re going to be the total opposite of that.” I point out.  “That reminds me.  I’ve got to set you up with an ultrasound and with an obstetrician.  Do y’all want Doctor Keegan or Doctor Smith?”
“Which one is better?”
“Smith.  She’s the best of the best.  Keegan’s great, too, but his bedside manner I’ve heard isn’t great.  He’s good-looking though.”
“Just what I want in someone who’s delivering my baby.” She says facetiously.
“So, when are you going to tell Grayson?” I ask, as I email Doctor Smith.
“Well, tonight.  My gosh, I’m not going to keep this from him any longer than I have to.”
“Are you going to be able to keep it under your hat until then?  What about if Lisa comes around?  Or the boys?”
“I’ll hide out in my office for the rest of the day.”
“They know where to find you, Laura.”
“I’ll figure something out.”
“Okay.” I scrawl the name of the prenatal vitamins down on a sheaf of paper and give it to her.  “Pick these up on your way home.  Start them immediately.  They’re vitamins and they’re vital. No messing around.”
She nods.  “Gotcha.  I won’t keep you.  I know you probably have patients waiting.”
“Well…not yet, but soon.” I admit.
“Okay.  I’ll see you later.” she says, rising.
“Hey,” I say, rising with her.  I take a step towards her, opening my arms.  “Congratulations, sis.”
Fresh happy tears start appearing in her eyes.  She embraces me as I pat her back.  “Thank you, Clint.  You’re the best brother I could ever have.”
“Yeah, but I’m not your favorite.  Will is.”
“You’re all my favorite.” She says, and then she kisses me on the cheek.  “I’ll see you later.”
“See you.  And be careful.”
“I will.”

***
Laura
My hands are shaking with joy and excitement as I drive to the pharmacy.  I can’t hide my smile as I choose the proper vitamins and take them to the cash register.  The girl behind the counter looks at me and reads my mind.  “This your first?”
“Yes, it is.” I beam.
“Congratulations.” She smiles.
“Thank you.  I just found out.”
“Does your husband know?”
My smile slips a notch.  “He’s not my husband, and no, he doesn’t know yet.”
Her smile slips a notch, too.  “Oh, well, that’s okay.” She pulls her hand up to her mouth, as though ready to tell me a secret.  “This isn’t one of them frozen egg type of deals, is it?”
I shake my head, and my smile returns.  “No.  This is the old-fashioned, natural kind of pregnancy.  And Grayson and I have discussed marriage, so I’m sure it’s not far behind.”
“Grayson?” she asks, patting a finger on her chin.  “Now, where have I heard that name before.”
“He’s a doctor.” I name the clinic where he and Clint work.
“Oh, yes!  Doctor Thomas.  But he tells everyone to call him Grayson.” She’s pleased.  “Oh, he’s a fine man.  Fantastic doctor.” She pats my hand.  “Good for you.”
“Thank you.” I grin warmly.  “I should go.”
“Congratulations.” She says again.
“Thank you.”
As I drive home, the muscles in my face are literally aching from smiling so much.  I can’t wait to tell Grayson.  It’s all I can think about.  Things are going through my head, like how I’m going to tell him, and what I’m going to say.  How I’m going to survive all day is beyond me.  Maybe I’ll tell him at lunch.  He usually comes home for lunch, so maybe I’ll just spring it on him then.  At this point, I figure, I can’t wait any longer than that.  It’s only a couple of hours away.  
Pulling up to the ranch, I don’t remember ever feeling this happy.  The boys are all out, exercising the horses.  Lloyd is relaxing today in the staff quarters on Grayson’s suggestion.  He seems to be feeling much better, but Grayson says a day or two of rest won’t hurt him.  Then, out of the blue, a thought occurs to me.  Maybe I should propose to Grayson.  We both know that we want to get married.  There is no fear there, that he’s going to run to the hills after a marriage proposal.  I mull the idea around in my head as I gather my things and head inside.
 The place is pleasantly quiet, as Wendy and Grace are both out picking up supplies, and all the boys are busy outside with the horses.  As I walk into the study, I set my keys and purse on the desk, and suddenly someone comes up behind me, grabbing me aggressively.  A hand forces itself over my mouth, and I feel the barrel of a gun on my temple.  “Scream and I shoot.” The voice whispers coldly into my ear.
My hands are shaking, but this time it’s not from excitement.  I learned how to shoot a gun from my father, when we all used to go hunting with him.  The metal is cold against my skin, and I feel the slight shake of the man who is holding the gun. I chide myself for never taking self-defence classes like Lisa had recommended.  It was as a fun thing to do on a Saturday night when we were younger, but it would have been a handy skill to have during a time like this.  
All I can think about is that there is nobody here to help me.  Grace and Wendy should be back soon, but if the girls walk in on this madman, there’s no telling what could happen.  And suddenly I fear for anyone who walks into this room.  Finally, my worst fear comes into my mind.  My baby.  This new life that is all nestled safely inside my belly, may never see the light of day.  And it’s all that I can do to try and think of an escape.  
As this lunatic holds me close to him, gripping my mouth shut with his large hands, I look around the room.  There is a letter opener inside my desk; metal, sharp.  That could prove helpful.  There are no firearms in this house, but there is one hidden under one of the shelves where we keep the feed in the barn.  How I’m going to get out there is beyond me.  I pray that Will or Kurt will come in with one of their requests, but then I pray that they don’t, for fear that this killer will shoot and then ask questions after the fact.
I think of Grayson, too.  What if he does come home early for lunch, and this shooter gets him first?  I can’t even fathom the idea of anything happening to my love, this man, whom I’m going to make a father in mere months.  I can’t let anything happen.  I can’t let this freak ruin all the things that I’ve worked so hard for.  I try to break free, so I can see his face at least, and know what I’m dealing with, but he’s strong.  
“Relax.  I don’t want to shoot you, but I will if I have to, Laura.”
A ‘v’ forms between my brows.  That voice.  He called me by my first name. This is someone I know.  I know the voice.  I know who it is before I even turn around to face my assailant.
…Matty Herald.



Alright, so there’s a cliffhanger…I warned you!

To find out what happens with Laura and Grayson, and to find out if Matty Herald gets what’s coming to him, you’ll have to read on.

Best part is, in the next book of the series, ‘No More Lies’, we get to hear Lisa and Kurt’s story.  It’s a good one!  You don’t want to miss out!

Learn more in ‘No More Lies’.  To pick up your copy, click here.

Deleted Scene

Want to know the story of how Grayson and Kelly, his first wife, met?  Flash back and check out this deleted scene!  This FREE exclusive DELETED SCENE is not available for purchase.  

To get your exclusive FREE Deleted Scene, click here.


Keep in Touch!

Join my free newsletter and know about new releases.  

It’s absolutely free, there are no strings attached, your information is completely confidential, and you can unsubscribe any time.  

All you need is an email address.

To join my newsletter, just click this link and enter your email address.

Did you enjoy this book?  You can make a big difference.

Do you know what the difference between an author that sells a few copies of their book a month and a New York Times bestselling author is?

The answer is clear and simple:  REVIEWS

Don't believe me?

Take a look at any NYT bestselling author and a regular author (like me) and see the difference in the number of reviews.

The fact is clear:  reviews lead to sales.  Sales lead to bestseller charts.

One other simple fact is that many advertisers won't look at a book unless it has a minimum of 50 book reviews.

That's where you come in.  I need your help.

Honest reviews of my books help bring them to the attention of other readers.  

If you’ve enjoyed this book, I would be very grateful if you could spend just five minutes leaving a review (it can be as short as a like).

Thanks very much,

Sandy

Here is a link to leave your review on Smashwords


Author’s Note
Thank you so much for reading ‘No More Tears’.  I had this series in my head for a while, but there were so many others that I needed to finish in production first.  This book literally flew out of my imagination and on to the pages!  No More Tears was written in a record twelve days!  No, that’s not a typo!  I began writing it on July 21, 2020 and finished today, August 2, 2020.  Granted, I’m still out of work due to Covid-19, so I have plenty of time on my hands, but still!  That’s a record for me!

This story is the product of many readers’ input from my last series, ‘The Magic at Cog Hill’.  From reviews and other feedback, I learned that some readers loved the aspect of a small-town story, so I went with that.  They also loved the fact that those stories are bite-sized, and not tipping the scales at over 80K words like most of the books in my other pen name.  So, I decided to make this a serial series, but in keeping with the shorter, more popular, 60K word books.  

Readers also wanted to see more romance and heat between the characters, so I went with a medium-sized heat level, instead of the sweeter romance like the other series.  Swearing was also kept to a minimum (which is difficult when you’re writing about alpha males who are cowboys!  But I managed!)

These are all new characters and an all new setting, and I very much enjoyed writing this book.  I should go now…on to book 2!

I really hope you enjoyed this book.  If you would like to know when I have a new release, sign up for new release updates.

Want to learn more about me?

Link to my website.

See me on Twitter
See me on Facebook
See me on BookBub
See me on Blogger

…or drop me a line via email.

Thanks so much for your support!

~Sandy


