Noelle’s Rock

(A BWWM Holiday Romance)

THERESA HODGE

PUBLISHER’S NOTE
COPYRIGHT

This is a work of fiction and licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the authors imagination or are used fictitiously, and establishments, events, or locales and resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
© Theresa Hodge, All Rights Reserved
DEDICATION


I dedicate this story to my daddy Alfonso Bickerstaff, who is no longer with me… The Rock of the Bickerstaff Clan. Until we meet again…










Chapter 1

Noelle

A Cold Lonely Night

I’m blinded by heavy tears falling from my eyes as I rush from my apartment building. I can hear my boyfriend, Victor, calling for me to come back inside out of the cold to finish our discussion. I am so consumed with self-pity and anger that I had rushed from the building out into the cold, wintry night in only a pullover sweater and jeans.
I thank goodness that I did have the forethought to at least slip my feet into my favorite pair of ugg boots before exiting the building. I look up at the night sky as snowflakes begin to fall. If I didn’t hurry to open the car door, the tears would surely freeze onto my cheeks.
I can hear footsteps behind me on the sidewalk as I press the button on the wireless remote to open the doors to my sky-blue 2012 Honda Accord. My car lights automatically blink on as I look behind me to see Victor running up behind me. He is shirtless as well as shoeless; I notice his long legs make quick work of the distance between him and me.
I quickly let myself inside the car, and the doors lock automatically behind me. A loud thud sounds at my driver’s side window. I jump in fright as I look up into Victor’s handsome but very angry face.
“Open the door, Noelle, and come back inside. It is too cold for you to be out here without a coat on. Are you trying to kill yourself?” he asks with anger in his voice.
“Look who’s talking,” I scream through my car window. “You are the one who is standing out here in the cold without a shirt on, or shoes for that matter,” I wipe more tears from my eyes with the back of my hand.
I can tell this makes Victor even angrier as I point out how silly he looks standing in the cold, half-naked in nothing but a pair of loose fitting D’Marge jeans.
“Go back inside, Victor. I need some time to clear my head without you around,” I yell loudly to get my point across.
“You are acting childish, Noelle, instead of acting like the twenty-five-year-old woman you are,” 
I glare angrily at him through the window before starting my car. “I am acting like a responsible woman. You are the one who is acting like a child. You don’t want to man up to the situation that we both created together. How dare you ask me to get an abortion just because you aren’t ready to become a father,” I shout as fresh tears form and spill down my cheeks. “You don’t have to worry about me and my baby. I will handle this situation from here on out. You can pack up your shit, or do whatever you want to do,” I say before the sound of squealing wheels gave Victor no time to reply.
I look back in the rearview mirror to see my boyfriend, or should I say ex-boyfriend, throw his hands up in defeat before marching back towards our apartment building. I reach for the knobs to the heater to crank up the heat as I begin to shudder from the intense cold.
I now realize how foolish I was to leave home without putting on my coat. I can feel chill bumps appear on my arms beneath my sweater. I don’t think out a plan or even the direction that I am heading in. I just need to get away from Victor. How dare he ask me to abort our unborn child?
He knows that I’m virtually alone in this world except for him and my best friend Shelby Munroe. It’s Friday and Shelby is probably with her boyfriend, but I decide to call her anyway from my car phone. Shelby’s cell phone rings four times before she answers it.
“Hey, Noelle. What’s up kiddo?” she says in a light voice.
I sniffle as I think about the reason that I am calling my best friend. I turn my windshield wipers on because the snow starts to fall even harder than before.
“What’s wrong?” Shelby questions me as her voice immediately changes to concern.
“I…,” I begin to speak before I hear a gruff voice in the background.
“Who is on the phone, babe? I need you to come back to bed and finish what you started…like pronto.”
I can tell that I have interrupted Shelby’s alone time with her boyfriend, Erick. I feel bad because I know that she and Erick spend most weekends together when he is not out of town on business.
“I’m so sorry, Shelby. I didn’t mean to interrupt you and Erick. I will see you in the office on Monday,” I say in a hurry as I try to end the phone call.
“Wait,” Shelby replies quickly. 
I can hear her speak in a low tone to Erick before I hear the bed springs squeak loudly. Shelby giggles before I hear her tell her boyfriend to “stop that” and warns him to have a little patience.
“I am back,” she says and I hear a door close.
I figure she walked into the bathroom to give herself some privacy.
“Now, tell me what is going on. I can hear that something isn’t right from the sound of your voice.”
Shelby knows me about as well as I know myself. She is the closest thing that I have to a real sister, or family for that matter. Shelby and I are as different in appearance as night and day. My brown, caramel skin and my chocolate brown eyes that clash with her porcelain, fair skin and clear, blue eyes have never stopped us from loving each other as well as having each other’s backs since we became roommates in college.
Through those long, sometime tedious, four years in university, we became the best of friends and much more. Even after college, and three years later, we’ve grow even closer. For that very reason, I am not going to ruin her weekend with Erick. 
I decide that my problems will keep until Monday when I see her. “It’s nothing,” I fib. “I just wanted to see what you were up to?”
“Are you out in the cold at this time of night? I can hear traffic, and where is Victor by the way?” 
“Ahh…Victor is in the store paying for the gas,” I fib again. No way did I want her to get upset and come running to my rescue. She would leave Erick just to make sure I am ok, and I don’t want that.
“Are you sure you are fine?” she asks again with doubt in her voice.
I breathe inwardly to keep my voice steady.
“I am great.” I even smile as if she can see me through the phone. “Tell Erick that I said hello, and enjoy your weekend. Here comes Victor now. I love you guys.”
“We love you too,” she replies. “I will call you tomorrow, okay?” 
“Okay,” I agree before disconnecting the call.
I look down at my gas hand and am thankful to have a full tank of gas. I don’t know where I am going, but I continue to drive around aimlessly to clear my head. I can’t go back to my apartment tonight, and I can’t go to Shelby’s place and disturb her and Erick.
I know it wouldn’t be a problem for Shelby because she has extra bedrooms in her large condo. I just can’t bring myself to be a third wheel. I have very little cash with me, but I have two high limit credit cards inside my handbag. Maybe I will check into a hotel.







Chapter 2

Noelle

Let It Snow…Let It Snow…Let It Snow

I suddenly look around at my surroundings and realize that I am in an unfamiliar area. How did I get here? I look around at the rustic roadway surrounded by tall evergreen trees as the snow continues to fall.
I gaze at the big, beautiful flakes of all sizes and shapes as darkness surrounds me. I flash my lights to bright as I look around for a place to turn around. The trees become thicker which leaves me literally no place to go but forward. My heart beats against my chest as I suddenly grow afraid. I begin to feel isolated and alone as my imagination begins to play tricks on me.
I start to think of every scary movie that I have ever watched and how each character is picked off one by one by some crazies or unseen force. I become so lost in my thoughts that I don’t notice a wide-eyed deer cross my path until it’s too late.
I hit my breaks on the slick road without thinking before I begin to swerve. I panic and forget which way to turn my wheel as my car begins to slide across the narrow roadway. I begin to scream loudly knowing that I will surely crash into a tree.
I miss the big white-tailed deer by mere inches. I try to regain control of my small car before it slides into a ditch and comes to a complete halt. My chest is heaving heavily as I try to get my breathing under control. 
I look out my driver’s side window only to realize that the door is wedged up against a tree. I know it will not budge, even if I attempt to open the door. My hands release the steering wheel from their death grip to cup the nonexistent swell of my belly.
I breathe a sigh of relief that my seat belt held me immobile, keeping me from crashing my head through the windshield. I unbuckle my seat belt to reach for my cell phone. I have absolutely no bars to attempt to make a call. I know I can’t stay here if I want to get out of this ditch.
Hopefully someone lives nearby so that I can make a telephone call to my towing company. I slide across the seat to the passenger side to open the door. My booted feet dangle over the side of the car because it has landed at an angle in the ditch. The ditch also seems to be much deeper than I at first realized.
I slide my butt to the edge of the seat before jumping down into the ditch on unsteady legs. I reach back to grab my handbag and use the mini flashlight I keep on my car key ring to light my way. As I pull myself out of the ditch, the knee area of my jeans becomes damp from the layer of fallen snow that has accumulated on the ground. I am left standing on a dark, lonely roadway.
I flash the sliver of light beaming from my mini flashlight around me as I take in my surroundings. The wind picks up, blowing the soft, falling snow into my eyes. I peer through the darkness before I slowly begin walking in the direction that my car was heading.
I begin to shudder from the biting wind as I grow colder. I walk faster when I hear a sound in the trees. I can hear leaves crunching to my left. I begin to run until I notice a dim light making its way through the trees and dark night.
I breathe deeply from the exertion caused by my short sprint. As I inhale, the cold air soothes my lungs. I see an opening through the trees. On closer inspection, I see it is a driveway leading up to a large house. I can’t see too many details of the house in the darkness, but my spirit perks up at the first sign of help. 
By the time I make it up the long, winding driveway that seems to go on for miles and miles, I am cold, wet, and trembling. I arrive at the big, wooden door and peer at the knocker under the lighted porch. The knocker is brass and carved in the face of a lion.
I shudder at the frightening lion with its mouth open and its teeth bared. I take a deep breath before I raise my hand to grasp the brass knocker and rap the knocker against the door. I look down at my wet boots; I realize the wetness from my Uggs has soaked through to my thick socks.
I wiggle my stiff, cold toes inside my boots and wrap my arms around myself to ward off the chill. It is so quiet and isolated out here. I feel like this house is in a place different from any other part of the world. As I look behind me into the darkness, I wonder who in their right mind would want to live out in the middle of nowhere? I shudder at the thought.
I wait a few seconds and begin to knock again. I nearly jump out of my skin when the door suddenly jerks open, and a tall man around six foot three glares at me as if he detests the very sight of me intruding on his existence.
“What do you want?” he growls out as he peeps over my shoulder as if he is expecting someone else, besides me, to be standing at his door at this time of the night.
“I…I,” I stutter and tremble from fear just as much as from the cold, windy weather.
“Spit it out,” he growls again as I look up into his violent-blue eyes.
His eyes are the most unusual mixture of color I have ever seen. His longish, wavy, silky, black hair is tousled over his head. His face sports a neatly trimmed moustache that attaches itself to an equally neat close-cut beard. He would be one fine, handsome man if he could wipe that frown off of his face. I begin to forget about the cold as I stare into his beautiful eyes.
“I am not standing here all night while you make up a plausible answer explaining why you are knocking on my door at this time of night. It is almost midnight, you know,” he adds as if I am keeping him from something very important.
“I am so sorry,” I finally gasp. “My car went over into a ditch when I tried to miss a deer a few miles back. May I use your telephone to call a towing service? I promise I will be out of your hair in no time at all.” I talk really fast. His hard stare is causing me to feel slightly uncomfortable. He looks me over as if deciding if he believes my story or not.
“Why are you out this far from the city, anyway?” he asks without answering my question. “No one ever comes out her to my property unless invited by me.” 
I am freezing by this point, and I am slowly losing my temper because of his attitude. Doesn’t he realize I am a woman in distress? A frown forms on my face as I attempt to inform about his rudeness.
“Look, Mister…whatever your name is. All I want to do is use your telephone. If there was any other way to avoid asking for your help, then I would do so, but as you can see I am wet and about to freeze to death,” I add for dramatic effect.
He peers out into the darkness once again before he pulls his large muscular frame away from the door-way to allow me inside. His odd behavior makes me think that I have more to fear from him than he does from me.
“Come in,” he finally says grudgingly. “But it is too late to call anyone out this far,” he states in a sensible tone.
He closes and locks the door behind him and walks down the hall without another word. I stand rooted for a moment before I jog to catch up with his long strides.
“I can’t stay here overnight,” I say to him in a frantic tone of voice.
“You can and you will. Besides, you need to get out of those wet clothes before you catch pneumonia.”
“I’m not cold,” I lied. 
He stops in his tracks, causing me to bump into him.
“Miss, then why are your teeth shattering so loud?” he asks me with a smirk on his kissable lips.
Where did that thought come from? He is a complete stranger to me and me to him. Yet, here I am thinking about how kissable his lips are.
“You have nothing to fear from me,” he finally says. “Follow me, and I will give you something dry to put on until your clothes dry.
“I don’t even know your name.” I follow him further down the hall before I reluctantly follow him up some stairs.
“I don’t know yours either,” he says as he looks back at me with a lifted brow. 
I shudder from the heat that courses through my body from his look. His look says he is a bad ass, and he doesn’t care what anyone thinks about him.
“I am sorry,” I say, trying to clear my head of the tempting thoughts I’m having about this good-looking, tall, muscular stranger. “My name is Noelle Winters.”
We reach the top of the stairs, and he leads me into a bedroom. I assume this is a guest bedroom because the room in itself is neither masculine nor feminine. It is painted in beige undertones with darker trimmings bordering the upper and lower edges of the wall.
“You can stay here,” he orders. “I will be back shortly with something dry for you to wear.”
I watch him as he exits the room. I look over at the large queen-size bed in the center of the room. The bed looks so inviting. I yawn, suddenly realizing how tired I am. I dare not sit on the bed with my wet clothes still on though.
I walk over to the window instead and pull aside the heavy curtain to peer out into the night. The snow is still falling. It falls as if it has no intention of stopping anytime soon. I hear footsteps come up behind me. I turn around to face my nameless host.
“I still don’t know your name,” I say to him.
A troubled look enters his eyes, then it goes away in a flash. “My name is…” He pauses for a moment before he resumes speaking. “You can call me Barry Beaumont,” he finally says.
He didn’t look like a Barry to me. Some people’s names fit them, but his didn’t for some reason. I shrug off my thoughts to thank him for allowing me into his home and to thank him for the change of clothes.
“Thank you, Barry for allowing me into your home. I hope I am able to repay you one day soon for your hospitality.”
“Here is a dry shirt you can put on for now.” He hands me a shirt with a football team’s logo printed across the front. “I know it is much too large for you, but it will have to do under the present circumstances,” he adds as his eyes rake over my body.
My pregnancy is nowhere near showing, since I am only around six weeks along. My brown skin tingles from the look in his eyes. He abruptly turns away, and I frown because this room will seem so empty without his presence.
“Sleep well and there is a lock on this door if it will give you peace of mind,” he adds, sounding angry again.
“Good night,” I say softly to the closed door, since he left so abruptly.
I walk over to the door and turn the lock in place before walking over to the bed. I strip out of my clothes, even my underwear. I place them over a comfy looking chair. I am sure my clothes will be dry by morning. It is a good thing that tomorrow will be Saturday instead of a work day. I think this to myself as I pull the tee shirt over my head. The big shirt falls down to my knees and hangs loosely around my shoulders.
I get a whiff of a woodsy, citrusy cologne. I lift the neck line of the tee shirt to my nose and inhale the masculine scent. I close my eyes for a moment and see the color of Barry’s violent-blue eyes. My eyes pop open as I give myself a reality check.
Memories flood my brain reminding me why I arrived at this place tonight. I think of how I believed Victor loved me and would want to raise this baby with me that we conceived together. I think about the last time we made love, and he held me in his strong arms, and he promised to love me forever.
But tonight, he asked me to get rid of the love child that we created in a moment of uncontrolled passion and lust. Fresh tears filled my eyes once again. I flip off the light switch and crawl into bed. The bed is as soft as it looks. 
I close my eyes and let the tears flow on the pillow beneath my head in a stranger’s home. I feel so alone, but I know I must be strong for this tiny life that grows inside me day by day.







Chapter 3

Beau

Baby It’s Cold Outside

I had to leave Noelle in a hurry. I almost slipped up and told her my real name. She may be a reporter pretending her car broke down for all I know. It has been done before, but I promise myself that I will stay on my P’s and Q’s around this stranger.
She says her name is Noelle Winters. Who names their child Noelle Winters? I laugh to myself. Yet, her name does become her for she is a rare beauty. Her caramel skin exudes warmth like a radiant sun. Her skin looks so soft that it took everything in my power to not reach out and touch her.
Her hair hung in loose, soft curls around her shoulders. I am sure if I were to reach out and pull one, it would spring back into its perfect coil. Her sweet scent filled my nostrils by the time I opened the door and saw her standing there on the lighted porch.
She looked like an angel with the snow painting her like artwork, the snow being the backdrop for the perfect scene. I walked down the stairs to grab a flashlight out of my drawer from the kitchen before easing out the backdoor to do a perimeter check around my property. The snow was falling heavily, but I didn’t let that deter me.
I walk over to my four-wheel truck and climb inside before starting the ignition. I follow the path where Noelle said she abandoned her car. Two miles down the road, I came upon her lone car tilted in a snowy ditch. 
I back up my truck to make a U-turn to drive back to my house. Noelle was telling me the truth about her circumstances. I breathe a sigh of relief as I park and let myself into the house. I lock up tight behind me, but I leave a lamp burning downstairs.
I enter the bathroom and shed my clothes to take a hot shower before turning in for the night. The steaming spray from the triple head shower revitalizes me. The hot water quickly heats me up from the cold as it hits my skin. 
I reach for the bath gel and lather my entire body. I use my soapy hand to cleanse my dick, causing it to harden in arousal. Noelle’s beautiful face with her big, beautiful, brown eyes comes to the forefront of my mind. I grunt aloud as I think about how her thick, silky thighs would feel wrapped around my waist at this very moment.
I think about how her sweet, sticky nectar would feel coating my dick. My nine-inch cock stiffens and lengthens even more in length and girth. My fair skin against her darker tone would make the perfect blend as our bodies intertwine with our love making.
Her full lips look so delectable to me, which makes me wonder how good it would be to sip from her lips. I have no doubt that they would be as soft as they look. My hand tightens around my length as my hand begins to move back and forth.
I groan deep in my throat and bite back a curse as I come to the realization that I want to make love to this beautiful stranger that’s sleeping in my bedroom. And when have I ever had to resort to jacking off in the shower? I ask myself this question before rinsing the soapsuds from my body and shutting off the water to step from the shower.
I know a number of women that would be happy to have my dick buried in their pussies. I also know that since I turned thirty last month, something has changed inside me. I am tired of the gold digging women and all of the women who want to sleep with me just because of who I am.
It is not that I don’t appreciate my true fans, but the crazy groupies can be another thing all together. This is why I needed to get far away from everything for a while. For the last two weeks, I have been holed up out here where I know I can get some peace and quiet.
The only person that knows my current residence is my music manager, Dave Dillinger. That’s why I became suspicious when Noelle showed up on my door step. I am glad that she is who she truly says she is and not some desperate journalist trying to cop a story to boost her career.
I finish drying off and wrap a towel snugly around my waist. I walk out of the bathroom and towards my bedroom when I hear a loud crash come from downstairs.
I forget my state of undress for a moment as I turn in the other direction and rush down the stairs with nothing but a towel around my waist. The noise sounded like it had come from the kitchen area. I walk through the swinging, saloon-style doors of the kitchen to find Noelle squatting down on her haunches, picking up bits and pieces of glass from the floor. She looks up at me in surprise and gasps aloud. Her eyes rake over my entire body. I can see redness appear on her cheeks as she quickly looks away from me.
“I’m sorry that I broke a glass,” she says while still looking down at the floor. “I will pay for it,” she offers.
“Don’t be silly,” I say, moving forward to a little closet, hidden behind a sliding door in the corner of the kitchen, to retrieve a broom and dustpan. 
I notice how temptingly my tee shirt has risen high around her thighs while she is in her stooped position. My mouth waters at her delectableness, and I can feel the beginnings of another arousal beneath my thick towel.
I clear my throat loudly, trying to get my mind off such salacious thoughts before I embarrass myself in the middle of my own kitchen. 
“Let me handle the glass clean-up before you hurt yourself,” I direct her.
She stands instantly to allow me to sweep up the rest of the broken glass. I make quick work of cleaning up the glass. I can feel her eyes on my back. I look over my shoulder to prove myself right as she quickly looks away from me.
“I am sorry that I have caused such a mess,” she says again in a troubled voice. “I was thirsty, so I came down for a glass of water…I don’t know why I am so clumsy.”
“Like I said earlier, don’t worry about it. It is only a glass, and there are plenty more where this one came from,” I say with a smile, trying to ease her discomfort. “I also think that I can offer you something more than water. I have coffee, tea, an assortment of juices, and also some hot cocoa with marshmallows if you like.”
She returns my smile to reveal a set of perfect, white teeth. “I would love a cup of hot cocoa with marshmallows, please. If it’s not too much trouble.” 
“It is no trouble at all,” I say as I dispose of the broken glass and place the broom and dustpan back into the closet.
I gather the supplies to make our hot drinks. Noelle walks over to the breakfast bar to take a seat on one of the high stools. She watches me get the fixings for our hot drinks together. I retrieve a non-stick boiler from beneath the cabinet to heat our milk in before adding the old-fashion cocoa and stirring it in. I also add some sugar to the mixture before pouring it into two mugs and adding several miniature, colorful marshmallows from a bag.
I bring our mugs to the breakfast bar and place one mug in front of her before sitting down across from her with my own mug. I watch her take one small, precautionary sip from the hot liquid.
“This is delicious,” she says. “Drinking hot chocolate is one of my favorite things to do during the winter months…thank you, Barry,” she adds.
I feel guilty about her calling me Barry when Beau is really my name, but I push the thought of my deception to the back of my mind and decide to engage her in conversation. I feel a great need to know more about her. 
“I am glad you like it. I don’t mean to be forward, but what brings you out this way on a Friday night, this being such an isolated area and all?”
She takes another sip from her mug and looks at me with troubled eyes. I watch her carefully, noticing her reaction to my question and wondering if she is in some type of trouble. Is she running away from something or someone?
She replaces her mug on the table and bites her bottom lip. My eyes quickly follow her every movement. Her pink tongue licks her bottom lip. The swipe of her tongue leaves her lip glistening and temptingly wet.
In this moment, I want it to be my tongue that swipes her lips. My dick hardens and lengthens against my towel at the thought. My eyes graze over her upper body. I realize that she is braless beneath my white tee shirt.
My hands, which are wrapped around my mug, crave to touch her breasts. I can hear her speaking, but I don’t hear a word she says. I struggle to bring my mind away from the thoughts of ravaging this stranger’s body.
“I am sorry. Can you repeat yourself?” I ask her.
“I had a terrible argument with my boyfriend tonight. I had to get away from him…I couldn’t stay around him for one more minute,” she says as she wipes away falling tears.
My heart plummets, and I want to reach out to embrace this beautiful woman when I witness her tears. What sort of man makes his woman cry and causes her to run around at this time of night, in a brewing snowstorm at that. Whoever the dumbass is, he doesn’t deserve a beautiful woman like Noelle in his life. I don’t know how I knew this from just meeting her tonight, but deep down I know this to be true.
“What did the two of you argue about?”
Noelle looks down at her hands as she wrings them nervously. I notice her hands are also trembling.
“Are you cold?” I question her. “I can crank up the heat if you like,” I added, wanting to see to her comfort.
“No, I am fine. I am just finding it hard to tell you about what Victor and I argued about.”
“If it is too hard to talk about, I will understand. But, sometimes talking things out helps, even if it is with a stranger.”
“I guess you are right. I wanted to talk to my best friend Shelby, but she was busy, and I didn’t want to interrupt her weekend with my problems.”
Her tears intensify. I reach for a roll of paper towels and tear a section off before giving it to her. She dabs at her eyes before thanking me.
“No problem,” I shrug off her thanks. I sit quietly and give her time to tell me what is bothering her.
“I haven’t been feeling well lately. I just thought I was coming down with a cold or something. I hadn’t been able to hold much in my stomach, so I paid my doctor a visit. I found out that I am pregnant about three days ago, but I just told Victor about it tonight. I wanted to wait until I could fix us a special meal by candle light so the mood would be romantic. But things couldn’t have gone more wrong when I told him he is going to be a father.”
“How did he handle the news exactly?” 
“He jumped up from the table in a rage and said I trapped him. Then he added that I must get an abortion at once,” she says in a trembling voice.
I can feel anger rising in me from the thoughtless actions of this buffoon of a boyfriend. What man suggests his woman destroy his own seed? He doesn’t deserve this beautiful woman sitting across from me or the child she carries. Every man that impregnates a woman isn’t necessarily father material.
“I don’t know this Victor from Adam, but he is a poor excuse for a man. You deserve so much better than the likes of him. Thank God that you see his true colors now instead of later.” 
“But I have wasted several years in our relationship.”
“How old are you, Noelle?”
“I am twenty-five,” she replies. “But what does my situation have to do with my age?”
“You are very young. Trust me, you will get over this Victor character. In time…someone will come along one day to love you and your baby.”
“I love Victor, and I want him to be a father to his baby. I thought Victor really loved me too…until tonight,” she says in a tone of defeat.
“If you were mine, I never would have allowed you to walk out on me. Instead, we would be celebrating the wonderful miracle that we made together. Some men have no idea how lucky they are to have a woman in their lives who has no hidden agendas and isn’t trying to weasel money out of her man’s pocket.”
“Well, your girlfriend or wife is very blessed to have you in her life.”
“I have no wife,” I say and hold up my bare ring finger.
“Do you have a girlfriend?” she asks with curiosity in her voice.
How do I answer her truthfully? In truth I have slept with many women. Well protected, of course. I became closer to some more than others. “I have female friends,” I admit honestly.
“Is that the same as friends with benefits?” she asks outright.
“Something like that.”
“At least you are honest about that fact. Most guys I know wouldn’t admit such a thing.”
“Being honest is what separates the real men from the little boys,” I say, standing to carry our empty mugs to the sink.
“How far are you into your pregnancy?” I ask, facing her once again as she slides from the stool to stand on her feet.
“I’m around six weeks along.”
“You are in the early stages of your pregnancy still,” I state the obvious.
“Yes and before you ask, I am keeping my baby. I have a great job with benefits, and I will be a great mother to my baby all by myself.”
“I don’t know you very well, but I don’t doubt your words,” I say, respecting this beautiful young woman who stands in front of me. “On behalf of all insensitive men, like Victor, I want to apologize because there are some good, upstanding men left in the world. Your boyfriend just isn’t one of them.”
For the first time since Noelle started telling me about her situation, she looks up at me and gives me a watery smile. I wish there was something I could do to make her never cry again. She deserves so much better than her situation is dealing her. It took two people to create the little miracle growing inside of her, and it should take two to raise the little miracle into adulthood.
“You don’t need to apologize for Victor’s behavior. As of tonight, he is no longer my boyfriend,” she says as she tries to stifle a yawn.
I found joy in knowing that Noelle is letting such a loser go. I am glad she realizes she can do a lot better than Victor. If only Noelle could be mine. I shake my head trying to clear it from such thoughts. 
“I will walk you up to the guest room. It is late or should I say early?” 
“I think that’s a good idea because I need to see about my car first thing this morning when the towing business opens up. Then I can be out of your hair for good,” she says with a smile.
Why did I feel a sudden sadness enter my heart at Noelle’s statement? The thought of her leaving so soon after she entered my life devastates me for some unknown reason.
I leave a small light burning in the kitchen before leading the way back upstairs to the bedrooms. Noelle and I are quiet in our own thoughts as we walk up the winding staircase. Once we reach her bedroom door, I move aside to allow her to enter.
She faces me and looks up into my eyes. “Thank you again for the delicious hot chocolate, and thank you for listening to my problems. For you to be so gruff when I first arrived, you have turned into a great host. How can I ever repay you?” she asks as I look down into her beautiful, big, brown eyes.
“You don’t have to repay me for anything. Have a good sleep,” I say, backing off before I decide to do something that I would regret later.
“You sleep well too,” I hear her say to my back as I saunter off in the direction of my bedroom.
What the hell? I ground out before stalking back towards her bedroom. 
Noelle stands in the same spot, watching me stalk towards her. I stand face to face with her. She looks up into my face in wonderment. I place my hand against her jawline before dipping my head to capture her thick lips beneath my own.
Her lips part voluntarily to allow the entrance of my tongue. My tongue sweeps inside her mouth, tasting her sweetness for the first time. I lift my head and she moans. She opens her eyes; I see they hold a look of confusion.
“It’s true,” I mutter thickly.
“What is true?” she asks, searching my eyes for an answer.
“It is true that your lips taste as sweet as I had hoped,” I said before resuming the kiss.
My hands slide down to encircle her waist to pull her even closer to me. My tongue penetrates her mouth deeper as our tongues intertwine in battle. I can’t seem to get enough of drinking from her sweet mouth. 
I capture every moan gladly and swallow it deeply inside so it becomes a part of me to have always once she departs. Noelle gasps when my hand slides further down to cup her luscious, round ass in the palm of my hand.
She feels so soft and cushiony to my touch. I just want to inhale all of her. I want to taste all of her with my mouth and tongue. I wonder, in this moment, does her other set of slick lips taste as sweet as the set of lips that I am kissing now?
“If you were mine, I would never tell you to abort our baby,” I mutter against her lips.
I pull back once again to look into her eyes. I search her eyes deeply before speaking again. 
“I want you. Please tell me that you want me too.”
“I want you too,” she says without hesitation.
I waste no time in scooping her into my arms and carrying her into my master bedroom. I left a light on by my king-sized bed. I stand her on her feet on the thick carpet. My hands are greedy to see the gift of her body beneath that big tee shirt of mine.
I reach for the hem of the shirt and lift it to reveal the curvy, voluptuousness of her body. She has a small waistline but full hips. Her breasts are a full, but perky, D-cup size. I am a breast and ass man. Luckily, she has both and all of it is natural.
What man is stupid enough to throw away all of this? He is a damn fool. I continue to take in every part of her body. I want to commit every part of her to memory so that I can dream about her long after she walks out my door.
She covers her breasts with her hands. I brush her hands away. “You are beautiful…all of you is beautiful,” I assure her before urging her into a sitting position on the bed.
I release the towel wrapped around my waist and allow it to pool on the floor by my feet. Her eyes widen, and she gasps aloud as my nine inches springs to life. She scoots back on the bed.
“Where are you going?” I ask her before capturing one of her ankles and pulling her forward.
My pulling motion lands her on her back. This is just the position I want her in.
“I want to see if these set of lips are as sweet as your other lips,” I say, placing my hand between her thighs to cup her heat in the palm of my hand. 
Noelle moans aloud as I slip one finger into her slick heat. Her legs splay open, giving me full view of her delectable pussy.
“Mmm, Barry,” she cries out.
I cringe inwardly from the sound of the false name I gave her. I need to hear her gasp my name, Beau, in ecstasy. But what is done is done. After today, I will never see her again, so I will make the most of the time we have together.
I swirl my finger around in her slick juices as she squirms on top of the bed beneath my hand. Her moans grow louder as she nears an orgasm. I find great pleasure looking down at her as different expressions cross her beautiful face.
Her eyes are closed as I insert another finger into her snug heat. “Open your eyes, Noelle. I want you looking at me when I make you cum.”
Noelle’s eyes pop open obediently as she looks into my eyes. My hardness bobs up and down against my thigh as it throbs, wishing to be inside this woman’s heat. Her skin is like honey, and I am sure she tastes just as sweet.
“I’m cumming,” she cries out with lust-glazed eyes.
I quicken my movement inside her and crook my fingers so they are touching her G-spot. Her ass shoots up off the bed, and her thighs squeeze my hand between her legs. She stiffens as her orgasm consumes her like a hot flame.
My hand becomes soaked from her juices as she relaxes her thigh grip on my hand. My fingers slip from her pussy, and I allow myself to taste her nectar for the first time. My fingers enter my mouth while holding her gaze.
I allow her nectar to coat my tongue. The sweetness of her juices makes me even harder. I take my time and lick every drop of her sweetness from my hand. I can’t wait to be inside of her heat, but I will take my time with Noelle to make sure she is fully satisfied. I want her to remember our first time together, always.
I take one last lick from my fingers before retrieving a lambskin condom from the top drawer of my bedside table. Noelle watches me roll the condom on. The sexy look in her eyes almost drives me mad as I settle between her splayed legs.
I rest on my elbows to keep my full body weight off of her. Her hand cups my jawline before she grasps my head. She runs her fingers through the silkiness of my black hair before pulling my head down to initiate a kiss of her own.
Her mouth opens beneath mine, and our tongues dance once again in intimacy. “See how sweet you taste on my lips,” I say to her.
She moans her answer, and her hips begin to move beneath me. Her other hand moves slowly down between our bodies. Her hand stops when she feels my hardness. Her small hand grasps my velvety steel and squeezes it.
This time, I am the one who is groaning and so ready to feel her heat enclose me inside of her. I reach down to brush her hand aside because I don’t want to explode before we started good. I place myself at her snug entrance and ease inside her hot heat, inch by inch.
She wraps her thighs around my waist, giving me deeper penetration. Once inside to the hilt, I slowly begin moving inside of her. Her hips meet mine as I lead her in a lovers’ dance. My lips capture a hardened nipple between my lips and bathe it with my tongue.
My thrusts into her heat pick up speed as her walls enclose me tightly inside her snug cove. I could live inside her sweetness forever. I let loose a groan against her full breasts; my hand cups both breasts as I suck her nipples into my mouth.
Her hips gyrate beneath me faster and faster, tempting me to release this built up sexual energy inside me. My hand slides down to cup her moon-shaped ass as I quicken my pace and pound into her slick heat. She cries out my name as she nears completion once again.
The sound of her voice drives me over the edge for the first time as I empty my load into the condom. “Noelle,” I cry out in the heat of the moment before slamming my mouth against hers, ravaging it like I am a pirate stealing precious jewels.
I fall back onto the bed without releasing her from my arms. I take one hand to pull the cover over our bodies to ward off the chill. I hold her closer with our limbs still intertwined. For this little time, I can pretend that this beautiful woman belongs to me and only me.
I look down at Noelle, who has fallen into an exhausted sleep. I brush her curly hair aside to kiss the tip of her nose before closing my eyes. I breathe deeply, inhaling the scent of our lovemaking. My dick stirs, ready to explore her body once again, but I decide to let her rest peacefully.
I ease myself from her side, long enough to clean myself up and dispose of the used condom before getting back in bed. I ease Noelle into my arms once again and allow myself to fall into a deep sleep with Noelle by my side.


Chapter 4

Noelle

Merry Xmas Everybody

I awaken to sensations running through my body like never before. I feel a tongue swipe against my clitoris. A sensuous moan slips past my lips just as I pry my heavy eyelids open. I know my eyes are hard to pry open partially due to how wonderfully I slept and because of the lusty, drugged pleasure I am awakening to.
I look down to find Barry’s face nudged between my open thighs that are splayed over his strong shoulders. My hands lift to bury themselves in his thick, black hair. His hair is electrifyingly warm, as if it has a life of its own. The silky strands feel divine in my hands as I urge his lips even closer to my slick heat.
My body gyrates beneath his mouth and lips as I seek that wonderful place of fulfillment once again, all due to this handsome stranger plundering my wet core with his tongue. His tongue enters my core and swirls deliciously around and in and out. He switches back and forth between my lips and core which derives a keen sound of pleasure from my lips.
Barry’s hand slides up my belly until he arrives at my breasts. He takes one breast into his hand and squeezes it to my satisfaction before flicking my hard, pebbled nipple with his finger. This adds extra pleasure which shoots straight to my core.  
He growls animalistically into my pussy. The vibrations caused by his growl lift my ass off of the bed, which causes me to squeeze his head in a death grip between my thighs as I fall over the cliff of a waterfall into an orgasm of gigantic proportions.
Barry takes one more lick from my sensitive pussy before sliding up my body to enter me to the hilt. Our bodies move in a lovers’ dance as he thrusts into me time and time again. His lovemaking is taking me on a sexual high, and I love every minute of it. His intense stare silently forces me to look away as he makes love to me in the light of a new day. His lips finally capture mine, and I immediately taste myself on his lips as his tongue enters my mouth.
“I can’t get enough of your sweetness,” he grunts against my lips.
I capture his sweet words into my mouth as he lifts one thigh higher so he will have deeper access to my pussy. I can feel him throbbing bigger and stronger inside my walls as my walls grip his hardness in a death grip.
“Mmm,” I mummer against his kissable lips.
I love how he kisses me; his kisses are tender and gentle then become aggressively harder as he makes love to my mouth, the same way his lower body penetrates my wetness. All kinds of emotions flow through me. Victor has never made me or my body feel this intense heat.
This kind of sexual energy is new to me as Barry lies claim to a part of me that I didn’t even know existed. It is a wonderful, all-consuming feeling; yet, these feelings frighten me at the same time. I feel like it is just the two of us in one gigantic bubble where no one, or nothing, can enter.
“Give me this pussy,” he growls as my heart rate increases from the sexiness in his voice.
His voice is like music to me, which tunes my body to dance beneath him with abandonment. Deep down I feel like I have known this man for a lifetime, even if I know next to nothing about him. These emotions are warring deep in my soul as our bodies connect intimately in this age-old dance of love.
My breath rushes out as my eyes roll back into my head from the intense pleasure that is overtaking me once again. How is this man so in tune with my body? He plays me so perfectly, like an electric guitar. That’s exactly what I feel like, one big ball of energy getting ready to explode into a million tiny particles as I cry out his name.
“Cum with me, Noelle,” he says as he plummets into me over and over.
He takes a brown, dusky, pebbled nipple into his mouth and bites down on it tenderly. I cry out my orgasm as his dick jerks inside my core. He empties his seed into a condom that he must have put on while I was still asleep.
He rolls off of me only to pull me close beside him once again. I am at a loss for words after waking up in such a way. So, I lie against his side to luxuriate in his warmth. I close my eyes on an unspoken wish. I wish that Barry would be my man instead of Victor. 
I sneak a peek over at Barry. His eyes are closed. I notice how long his eyelashes are. They are much longer than my own. I admire how my darker skin complements his fairer skin. When he holds me in his arms like this, my body feels that he is no stranger to me. I snuggle closer to him; he tightens his arms around me even in sleep. I close my eyes once again to drift off, knowing that I need to get up to make plans for my ditched car.
I close my eyes anyway, promising myself that soon I will be on my way. I will just lie here for a moment and luxuriate in this wonderful feeling that makes me question the deep love that I think I have for Victor.

*

I roll over in the bed and reach out to Barry, but my hand is met with empty space. I slowly open my eyes; the house is quiet. Not a sound can be heard. I have no idea what time it is, but I do know it is a Saturday. I yawn and stretch before getting out of bed.
My body feels relaxed from the much needed rest. I blush inwardly as the memory of how Barry made love to me enters my mind. I can still feel the imprint of his fullness inside of me. I look down at my naked body and notice the bite marks on my breast left by Barry’s teeth.
The tee shirt that I wore the night before is gone, but my clothes are folded neatly on top of a chest at the foot of the bed. I look at my bikini panties and smile at the thought of Barry handling my underwear. I take my clothes and walk to the bathroom to take a much needed shower.
Upon entering the bathroom, I find a new tooth brush, toothpaste, and mouthwash sitting out for me on the double sink. I empty my bladder before brushing my teeth and rinsing my mouth. I look into the over-head mirror and see my hair looks a tangled mess.
I hope there is shampoo in the shower. I walk over to the shower to turn the water on. I step beneath the fortifying spray and notice a bottle of conditioning shampoo. I wet my hair beneath the spray and grab the bottle to pour a dollop into my hands to wash my hair.
Once I am done washing my hair, I clean my body thoroughly before stepping out of the shower. Barry has all kinds of lotions and hygiene products, even some products for women are located in his bathroom cabinet. I made use of them before adorning my clothes that I arrived in last night.
I go back into the bedroom to slide my feet into my ugg boots before leaving the bedroom. Once down-stairs, I can smell the scent of frying bacon coming from the kitchen. I walk in the direction of the kitchen and enter through the swinging doors.
Barry turns towards me with a smile, showing his perfect, white teeth. “You are just in time for a late breakfast. I was just about ready to run upstairs to wake you,” he says before returning his attention back towards the stove top.
“Good morning or shall I say good afternoon,” I say, looking at the wall clock noticing the time.
“It is afternoon but that doesn’t matter. Have a seat. Our vegetable omelets are almost ready.”
My mouth waters as I take a seat at the same breakfast bar that I sat at earlier. Barry soon slides a ceramic plate in front of me that holds two slices of bacon and a large omelet big enough for two people. I know that I am hungry enough to eat every last bite of it too.
“Do you want orange juice or coffee?” he questions.
“I want orange juice, please, but I will get it.” I get up to pour myself a glass of orange juice from the glass pitcher that he provided. “Do you want me to pour you a glass as well?” I ask him.
“Sure.”
I walk back to the bar with two filled glasses of orange juice. Barry walks over to sit directly across from me with a plate of his own. I pick up my fork, ready to delve into my food, when I feel Barry’s eyes on me. I look up to see he has his hands on the table palms side up.
“Oh,” I say quickly as I return my fork to my plate. I place my hands in his. He clasps my hands before bowing his head to bless our food.
This wonderful man just went up another notch in my heart. I took my first bite of the delicious omelet that he prepared for us. “This is so good,” I compliment him.
“Thanks, my mother taught my brother and me how to cook at an early age. She didn’t believe just because we were boys that we shouldn’t know how to cook,” he says with a smile as he talks about his mother.
“It sounds like you and your mother are close.”
“We are, but with my schedule I hardly get to see my family. Maybe two to three times a year at most.”
“What do you do?” I ask him out of curiosity.
“You don’t want to hear about me. I am boring,” he says, trying to change the subject. “Tell me about your family. I want to know everything about you.”
“There is not much to tell. I lived in a small town in Georgia with my mother. I am an only child; my father died from a massive heart attack when I was a sophomore in high school. My mother married my father’s best friend after he cheated on her. Now since I’m older, I wonder if my mom was cheating on my dad too…It’s all one huge mess.  After both of my parent’s remarried, they both started to treat me like I was a hindrance to them. Mom went on trips and left me home alone, even in the summer time when I was out of school. Dad started a new family with his younger wife, and we grew apart. I was no longer Daddy’s little girl,” I say with regret in my voice.
“I am so sorry that you went through such neglect; I know you must have had such a lonely life at home. I am also sorry that you lost your father at a young age. I am just as close to my dad as I am to my mom,” he adds. “Whenever we see each other, we always pick up just where we left off. Our time apart becomes irrelevant.”
“I was definitely a daddy’s girl before my dad left my mom and married a younger woman. I remember when he took me fishing out in his old boat. He didn’t stop doing things with me just because I was a girl,” I think back at the memory of my daddy with a smile.
“At least you have wonderful memories of your father.”
“True, but my home life was miserable without him. I studied hard in school and won a full, four-year scholarship to the university of my choosing. My mother and stepfather didn’t help me with anything. I promised myself that once I was out of their house, I wouldn’t be back.”
“Did you have any close friends in school?” he asks.
“Not really, but once I got into NYU, I met my new roommate Shelby Munroe. She became my best friend, my sister, and the family I so craved for. We are still best friends to this day,” I add.
By the time our late breakfast is over, I divulge my life story to Barry. I still know next to nothing about him except that he has a good family life that includes a mother, father, and one brother. I wonder what he is hiding, but I decide not to call him on it since I need to leave anyway. We will probably never see each other again once I leave this place.
“I need to make a phone call now,” I tell him as we put the last of the breakfast dishes into the dishwasher to be washed.
A frown appears between his thick brows. “I forgot to tell you that I called my towing company earlier, and there is no way they can get out here today. I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but we are snowed in at least for the rest of today. The snowplows won’t make it out this far until at least noon tomorrow.”
“No way!” I say, running to look out the kitchen window as surprise enter my eyes. Was I so oblivious that I didn’t realize that we were snowed in before now? “I need to get out of here,” I say before running upstairs to get my cell phone to retrieve my towing service information.
I quickly access my contact list but don’t have service to connect the call. I slowly walk back downstairs to the kitchen. Barry is standing where I left him, leaning against the kitchen sink with his arms folded across his muscular chest.
“May I use your telephone, please?” I ask him politely.
He shrugs his shoulders but has an unreadable look in his eyes. “Be my guest.”
I pick up the phone attached to the kitchen wall and punch in the number of my towing service. 
“Triple S towing service, how may I help you today?” The voice on the other end of the line asks.
“Hello, my name is Noelle Winters, and I am stuck in a ditch.”
“Where are you located, miss?”
I look over at Barry who is looking at me with amusement on his face. What is so damn funny? I wanted to ask him but didn’t. “What is your address?” I ask him instead.
“Give me the telephone,” he says, walking over to take the telephone from my grasp.
He gives my towing service the directions to my car, then he gives them the directions to his house.
“I told her that,” he says into the receiver. “Wait, let me put Noelle back on the phone so you can tell her the same thing you just told me,” he says into the receiver before handing me the phone.
I bring the phone to my ear. “How long before you make it out this way?” I ask, already feeling the answer to my question in my gut.
“I am sorry for your inconvenience, miss, but we will not be able to get out that way until sometime tomorrow. I urge you to sit tight, and when we dispatch someone to your location, we will let you know.”
I sigh in defeat and thank the representative before ending the call.
“Please, get that ‘I told you’ look off of your face,” I glare at Barry.
He throws back his head and laughs out loud. “Will it be so bad to spend more time with me?” he asks, suddenly becoming serious.
A shiver goes through my body from the heated look in his gaze. I want to say it will be a bad thing for me to become this attached to him in such a short length of time. But as he starts to walk towards me with his charismatic swagger, I can’t find the words to say so.
“I can think of plenty to keep us busy until they plow the road tomorrow. Can’t you?” 
“I don’t think it would be a good idea for us to do what we did earlier,” I say, trying to cool down the way my body responds to him.
“I thought you liked what I did to you earlier. You don’t want me to taste your sweetness again?” he asks, standing before me.
“I…I,”
“You don’t want to feel my hardness in that sweet pussy of yours again?” He takes my hand and places it over his growing hardness beneath his jeans.
I gasp aloud, and his head swoops down to take my mouth in a heated kiss. His hot tongue enters my mouth to tangle with my own. I resolve to let him love me intimately once again. He scoops me up into his strong arms, as if I weigh little more than a feather, and marches up the stairs.
My pussy grows slick at the thought of him being inside me again. This man has me under his control, and I know that I will miss him once I have to leave this place. For now, I will enjoy the pleasure he gives me, and I will pleasure him in return. For the little time that we have together, I will pretend that I am his for a lifetime and that he is mine.


Chapter 5

Noelle

Feels like a Blue Christmas After All

Two Weeks Later

“Hi, Noelle.” My best friend walks over to me. We were both having lunch in the cafeteria at Harriman and Company, where we worked as receptionists. The company is a financial service group which brings in 5.5 billion in revenue a year. Mr. Harriman’s great-grandfather founded the company, and he has made it into the successful company it is today.
“Hey, girl.” I look up with a bright smile attached to my full lips, even if the smile never reaches my troubled brown eyes; I am feeling blue, but I don’t want to show it.
“What are you doing on Friday night?” she asks as she sits down in a seat across from me at the table.
“I have no plans.” I screw up my nose, picking at my sandwich as I become lost in thought.
I think back to how Victor Wallace broke up with me less than two weeks ago and how I became stranded with a handsome stranger during an unexpected snowstorm. I think about how devastated I was, to say the least. Victor and I would have been together for two whole years if we had lasted until December. I also thought about how, in such a short time, a perfect stranger made me forget about Victor. How did I lose all abandon with Barry? The way I let myself go with him was so unlike me, and on top of that, I am pregnant with another man’s child. 
Why did I act so wantonly around him as if I was unable to control myself? How could Victor promise his love to me and make love to me the way he did only to break my heart in the end? I blink away fresh tears as I silently ask myself these questions. I try to convince myself that it was all because of Victor that I gave my body to another man without thinking anyway.
“Don’t you dare shed another tear over that loser,” Shelby says as her blue eyes clash with my brown ones.
She reaches over and wipes away the lone tear that escapes my left eye.
“I know you are right, Shelby, but Victor broke my heart. How could he do this to me after I gave my virginity to him?” I ask her with a tightness to my full lips. I allow her to think my tears are all about Victor and how he asked  me to abort our baby. I am too ashamed to tell her how I spent my weekend making love to a man I just met.
Shelby places a loose, natural curl behind my ear before she begins to speak.
“I have no idea why men do half the things they do. My older brothers can be pigs sometimes too, but I love them to pieces,” she says with a grimace. “But what I do know is that Victor is the lowest of the low for breaking my best friend’s heart. I just want you to know that you will always have me to lean on no matter what,” she says with sympathy in her eyes. “I will be there for you and my god-baby. I will not let you go through this pregnancy alone,” she vows.
“I know you will be here for me, Shelby. This is the very reason I love you so much. Ever since our freshman year of college you have been like a sister to me. I don’t know what I would have done if it hadn’t been for you and your parents letting me spend so many holidays with you all.”
Shelby knows everything there is to know about me and my awful family life. My mother went to pieces after my father left her for a younger woman. I am the only child of Fredrick and Nicole Winters. She knows how my dad died and how my mother threw me away once she married my dad’s best friend. We told each other everything, but I can’t bring myself to tell her about Barry…at least not just yet. Maybe I will once my body stops craving him.
“Earth to Noelle,” Shelby snaps her fingers in front of my face to gain my full attention.
“I am sorry. What were you saying?” 
“I was saying that I have two tickets for a concert on Friday night. Erick was going to go with me, but he has to go out of town on business. He won’t be back until sometime Sunday evening. Will you go with me?” 
“Of course I will. A concert will keep me from staring at the four walls of my new apartment,” I reply.
I think back to how Shelby allowed me to stay with her until I found my own apartment a week later. I think about how Victor pleaded with me to stay, and how he apologized profusely for the way he acted. I asked him if he had changed his mind about wanting the baby. I could tell by the look in his eyes that he hadn’t changed his mind, so I let Shelby and her boyfriend help me gather my things, and I moved on without Victor.
“That’s great,” Shelby says as she brings me out of my musings.
“Who will we be performing?” I ask her.
“Beau Barringer and his band,” she says with enthusiasm in her voice.
I frown, trying to think who Beau Barringer is. “I don’t think I have heard of him before.”
“Girl, Beau Barringer is a famous rock star. He is fine too, and all of his fans want a piece of him. He was featured in the Rolling Stone Magazine last month as one of the top artists of our time. His last hit song, ‘My One and Only,’ topped the charts.”
I still don’t know who Beau Barringer is, but he seems pretty famous from Shelby’s description. “I can’t wait to hear this Beau Barringer sing since you are giving him such high praise,” I laugh.
“Noelle, you don’t know the half of it. This man’s voice will send chills down your spine. I can’t wait for you to see him in action. Then, and only then, will you know what I am talking about.”
“I can’t wait either,” I say as we quickly finish up our lunch so we can get back to work.
We take the elevator up to our floor but part ways at the elevator.


Chapter 6

Beau

Love Is in the Air this Christmas

I arrive at the studio, where my band is already there waiting for me, to begin our practice session. The members of my band consist of Kendrick Ballard, my bass player; Benji Rhames, lead guitarist; Keith Jones, our keyboardist; and last but not least, the best at what she does, Laney Cohen who plays the drums/percussions.  I am the lead and only singer of the rock group that goes by the name of Beau Barringer and the Hot Pack Band. My instrument of choice is the guitar.
“Hey, man,” they chorus.
“What’s up guys?” I greet each one in turn.
“You are late for practice,” Laney says. “What groupie caused you to be late?” she asks with a smirk on her lips.
“Why must it be a woman that causes me to be late?” I grimace.
For the last two weeks, there has been a certain woman on my mind. I can still remember the taste of her on my lips, and I remember how it feels to be enclosed in her snug heat. I bite back a groan as I feel myself growing hard thinking of her once again.
“Earth to Beau.” Kendrick was standing in my face, snapping his fingers to get my attention. “Man, you are really zoned out today. Is anything bothering you?” he asks with a concerned expression on his face.
“Nah,” I shrug off his concern and push the sweet memory of Noelle Winters far from my thoughts, or at least I try to for the time being. “Time is money lady and gents. Let’s get to it, shall we?” I add, closing the studio door behind me.
We practice hard for four hours before we finally take a break. 
“Where are we having lunch at today?” asks Benji, who always have an appetite, but you can’t tell from the lankiness of his slim body.
“Let’s walk down the street to the Expresso Café,” Keith suggests.
“We all know why you want to go to the Expresso Café,” says Laney aloud. “You have your eye on that waitress with the fiery, red hair.”
“I do not,” he says with a sheepish grin attached to his face.
“You do to,” we all say in unison.
“Okay…okay,” he finally admits. “It seems that I have been busted.”
“This time, get her name if she is single,” I suggest to him. I know even though Kendrick faces overly large crowds when we are on tour and performing on stage, he is still shy when it comes to a one-on-one interaction with a woman. He has to have plenty of nudging in the right direction.
My friends and I walk at a rapid pace, in the thirty-degree weather, to the Expresso Café, I think of my band members and how they are not only members, but they are also my friends and a part of my extended family. 
Thank God we weren’t stopped on the way by eager fans. We each had hats on our heads and coats pulled up to our necks trying to be as inconspicuous as possible. We enter the café, and Kendrick’s eyes perk up as they land on Mandy, the waitress with the red hair.
Mandy also looks up at the same time as Kendrick removes his hat to reveal his full head of brown hair. Mandy’s smile includes us all, but her eyes are glued to Kendrick. 
“Welcome to Expresso Café,” she greets us. “Will you all like your usual table in the back for privacy?” she adds with understanding in her eyes.
“Yes,” we chorused together as she leads the way through the festively decorated café with Christmas music chiming from the many speakers built into the walls.
“What will you all have to drink?” Mandy asks as she places four thick vinyl menus on the table for us to peruse.
We all give our drink orders, and Mandy promises to be back soon with our drinks.
“Kendrick my man, it is now or never,” Benji urges.
“Think of it like this, Ken,” I say. “Think about if you were up to bat, and if you hit a home run, your team would win the World Series. You can do this man,” I say, thumping him on the back.
“Yeah, listen to the pro at getting plenty of women. If anyone can direct you to the right path, the great Beau Barringer can,” Laney teases with merriment in her eyes.
“Cut it out, Laney. You make me sound like a player or something. I am so far from a player,” I add with feigned hurt in my voice.
“Beau, we all know how you do it. You love them and leave them. I wonder how many broken hearts that you’ve left around the world? Poor, misguided women,” she adds with a sympathetic tone to her voice.
“I never lie to the women that I mess with, Laney. They all know the score with me. I tell them point blank so there will never be any misunderstandings. I am not good with relationships, and my trust is next to nil when it comes to these women. I never know whether they want me for me or just want me for who I am—some big time rock star,” I admit.
“Beau, there are some great women out there. You just have to know where to look. Look at me. I found a beautiful wife who has given me two sweet angels who look just like their mother,” he says with a laugh.
We all laugh at Benji’s comment.
“You are one lucky man, Benji,” I say to him. “Lisa is one of a kind, and you are truly blessed to have a wife like her to go home to. And those two babies of yours are as cute as they can get. I am sure that I will get there one day, but now is definitely not my time.”
“Never say never, Beau. I have a feeling that you will be swept off of your feet sooner than you think,” Laney throws her two cents in.
Mandy returns to our table, cutting off all conversations about me and relationships, or the lack there of. We placed our lunch orders before our conversation resumes.
“I will be right back,” Kendrick stands with new confidence and walks off behind Mandy.
“Go get ‘em, tiger,” Laney calls out in encouragement to Kendrick.
“I am proud of that boy,” she says as she pretends to wipe a tear from her eye.
“You are full of it, Laney,” I say to her with a grin. It is time for me to turn the tables on her. “How are you and Tony doing?”
Laney suddenly frowns. “I don’t want to talk about Tony. He is a slimeball…all men are,” she adds on a disgusted sigh.
“That is not a fair assessment. All men are definitely not slimeballs,” Benji says. “My wife Lisa can attest to that.”
“Maybe I misspoke, but the majority of men are slimeballs. Why can’t one woman satisfy most men?” she asks, casting her eyes directly on me for the answer.
I squirm uncomfortably in my seat because I know that she is throwing darts in my direction.
“Laney, for most men that are truly men and are ready to settle down, one woman is enough. I can’t imagine being with anyone else besides Lisa. I don’t even like to think about what my world was like before I met her. Sleeping with woman after woman gets tiring after a while. I would give up everything if it ever came down to choosing Lisa over this music,” Benji admits.
“Wow, see that’s the kind of love that I am shooting for,” says Laney. “Give me that one good man like you, Benji, and I will promise to love him forever and give him as many babies as he wants,” she adds on a wistful note.
I hear Kendrick’s voice penetrate our deep discussion as he retakes his seat at the table.
“I invited Mandy and a friend to our concert on Friday. I told her that I will leave tickets and backstage passes at the box office for her. She accepted,” he says with a wide grin on his face. “Plus, she gave me her telephone number,” he adds as he holds up his cell phone.
“Way to go, man.” I gave him a hearty thump on his back.
“Whatever you do Kendrick, don’t break her heart because Mandy seems like a sweet girl,” Laney warns him.
“You don’t have to worry about that,” Kendrick says. “I am a one-woman man, and I only date one woman at a time.”
“Good for you,” Laney says to Kendrick but directs a hard stare towards me.
“What?” I question her, trying to pretend I don’t know what her look is all about.
“Stop giving Beau a hard time. He will figure things out sooner or later…I promise,” Benji says.
Mandy finally comes with our lunch orders and places our steaming plates of food down in front of us. My stomach rumbles from the aromas coming from my plate. I whisper a grace and dig into my tasty food.
Everyone is enjoying their food, and we keep the conversation to a minimum so we can head back to the studio and put in more practice to perfect our selections for the concert on Friday. We finish our meal, and we each leave a hefty tip for Mandy before leaving the homey café and its Christmassy feeling behind.



Chapter 7

Noelle

Last Christmas

This time last year, I was in the Christmas spirit since Christmas is, or shall I say was, my most favorite time of the year. Victor and I always decorated the apartment together and picked out our Christmas tree together. It seems that Thanksgiving just blends in with Christmas, which makes it into just one great gigantic holiday.
I know I will be spending the Thanksgiving holiday alone this year. Shelby promised Erick that she would spend Thanksgiving with his family this time around. Of course, they invited me, but I declined. I don’t want to feel like a third wheel. They never make me feel that way, but it’s my own way of thinking that keeps me from accepting their invitation.
Now, here I am in my new apartment feeling all alone with no decorations in site. I know I must get myself together and stop feeling sorry for myself. I should just be thankful that I got rid of that loser before I invested any more of my life with him.
Shelby told me that she and Erick saw Victor out with some other woman at a gathering they were invited to two nights ago. I felt a sharp pain of hurt upon hearing the information, but I soon realized that since we are not together anymore, he has a right to date anyone that he sees fit.
“Me and my baby are all I need,” I say aloud to myself as I stand in front of the full-length mirror attached to the back of my bedroom door, rubbing a hand across my pudgy belly.
 My pudgy stomach doesn’t stop me from squeezing myself into the new pair of designer jeans that Shelby and I picked out for me when we went shopping yesterday for tonight’s concert.
My red zipper skinny jeans mold to my bubble butt like a second skin. Even though my stomach has a plumpish look to it, there is still no sign of a baby bump as of yet. My jeans are accompanied by a fitted, V-neck, clingy, silver top with sparkly, metallic ingrain in the flimsy material. I add a red belt to wrap around my waist to finish the look.
I glance at the digital clock on the bedside table. There isn’t much time to finish dressing and I wonder where has the time gone. I think of how Erick arranged a car service to carry Shelby and me to and from our outing. It’s sweet of him to always have Shelby’s best interests at heart, even when he travels out of town on business trips. Shelby is lucky to have such a good guy in her life who not only says he loves her but proves it on the daily. I am waiting for Shelby to tell me that she is engaged and is going to marry this dude. 
I can hear the doorbell chiming through my newly-furnished apartment. I slip my feet into my four-inch heel boot shoes and quickly spritz on some perfume before going to answer the door.
Shelby stands in the doorway with her blond hair bone straight with a part down the middle. Her hair frames her artfully, made-up face, which causes her eyes to sparkle like a lighted Christmas tree.
“You look magnificent, Noelle,” she says, stepping into my apartment.
She gives me a hug and a quick peck on the cheek.  I return her greeting.
“Thank you. You look gorgeous yourself,” I say, noting how her metallic, blue mini dress fits her to perfection. “Girl, those thigh boots are to die for,” I add as I look around for my purse. 
I spot it on the couch where I put it earlier. I grab my keys as well as my cell phone and slide them into my purse. I then grab my leather jacket that matches my outfit before we head out the door. The driver of the car service is waiting patiently for us in the cold, night air beside the back passenger doors to allow us entrance.
A few snowflakes are falling on my head as I wait for Shelby to get in the car first. We both thank the driver for his courtesy before he closes the passenger side door and goes around to the driver’s side to get behind the wheel. He checks to make sure traffic is clear before he merges onto the roadway.
Shelby reaches towards a hidden compartment in the car and slides a door back to reveal small bottles of water. “I wish this were alcohol,” she says before untwisting the cap on the bottle to take a swig.
“I bet you do,” I say to her with a smirk on my lips.
“Here, you want a bottle?” she says as she hands me a bottle of water from the compartment.
“Thanks.” I twist off the cap and take a small sip from the bottle. “Refreshing!” I say and then laugh.
Shelby joins in on the laughter before she speaks. “I feel bad that you won’t go with me and Erick to his parents’ house for Thanksgiving,” Shelby says as she takes a sip from her water bottle.
“Think of tonight as our pre-Thanksgiving celebration. I will be fine alone this year. I promise,” I try to convince her. I don’t want her to feel sympathy for me either, so I fix a bright smile to my lips.
“It just won’t be the same without you.”
“Stop it, girl. Once you and Erick get with his family, you will hardly miss me.”
“That is a false statement. Of course I will miss my best friend in the entire world.”
I laugh at Shelby’s dramatics. We talked so much that I am pleasantly surprised when our smooth ride comes to an end.
We arrive at the venue. The gigantic complex building is packed with lines of people ready to take their seats. 
The driver stops at a less crowded side of the complex to let us out. 
“I thought we were going to be waiting in line with the rest of the concert goers,” I say to Shelby.
“Aren’t you lucky that you have a best friend with connections,” she laughs aloud at my comment. 
“My dad got these tickets for me,” Shelby reveals. “He does business with Mr. Cunningham, who is over the city events committee. He signs off on the entertainment that is brought to the city. He gets first dibs on all the tickets. I’m just thankful that he and my dad are such great friends, and he knows how much I love a good rock concert. He gave me these amazing tickets as well as backstage passes for tonight,” she says, patting the clutch purse she holds in her hand like she has struck gold.
“Wow, your dad has always been amazing. You are so lucky to have Mr. and Mrs. Munroe as parents,” I say, feeling nostalgic.
“Pep up, girly. My parents love you like I do. You already know that they will do anything for you if you ask them to,” she says, peering into my eyes. “There will be no sadness tonight about things that happened in the past. Tonight is our night to let loose and have fun, fun, fun.”
“Well, you better not forget about Erick and have too much fun without him,” I warn her with a laugh. “I will have to thank him for our transportation,” I add.
“There is no way that I can forget about that hunky man of mine,” she states as we arrive at the ticket window, and she hands over two tickets for us to enter through the side door.
Once inside, we find our front row seats. I can’t believe how close we are to the stage. I will be front and center at my first rock concert ever. I take my best friend’s advice and shelve my troublesome thoughts about the past into the furthest recesses of my mind.
The complex quickly fills up with fans as well as some groupies, I am sure.  Shelby nudges my arm to get my attention as I look around the building.
“What?”
“I am going back out to the bar we passed by on our way in to get me a mixed drink. Do you want anything?”
I shake my head no because I don’t want to have to get up and pee in the middle of the concert. “I will walk with you,” I offer.
“No, stay here. I will be back soon.” She stands and walks off in the direction we came in.
The crowd of fans are loud and revving up in anticipation for the concert to start. Their excitement must be contagious because suddenly, I was getting antsy for the concert to begin as well. Shelby returns and settles beside me with a large, mixed, fruity drink in a clear, plastic cup. She begins sipping from a red straw sticking out of the cup.
“This drink is delicious.”
“I bet it is.”
A sudden hush comes over the crowd as the lights dim, and the announcer comes out onto the stage.
“Ladies, gentlemen, fans, groupies, and stalkers alike,” the announcer speaks into the microphone as he tries to be comical. “I want you to welcome and give a round of standing applause for Beau Barringer and the Hot Pack Band.”
The applause and the screams are deafening. I can actually feel the building vibrating from the noise. I look around me in bemusement at the excitement pouring from every individual in attendance, which includes my best friend Shelby.
She jumps up and down beside me in unrestrained excitement. She grabs my arm as a curtain lifts, and a band begins to play. The music is soulful and sounds good to my ears. The crowd becomes hushed once again as smoke appears out of nowhere. A stage suddenly comes up out of the floor. 
A tall, lone figure in all black appears with his back turned to the crowd. 
“That’s Beau Barringer!” Shelby screams loudly in my ear.
I shrink away from the deafening sound of Shelby’s loud voice. I look over at her, and she has a smile a mile wide stretched across her lovely face. I can’t wait to get a look at this Beau Barringer.
I want to see what all of the hoopla is really about. My music usually leans towards the R&B variety. My music playlist consists of Usher, Drake, Beyoncé and Rihanna. The band stops playing except for the lady drummer, who plays low beats.
I have to respect this lady drummer for holding her own in this rock band of men. Suddenly, music comes from the faceless rock star’s guitar that he has strapped to his shoulder. He plays a soulful tune for a few seconds before the figure in all black turns around and faces the crowd.
“I love you, Beau Barringer,” some unknown voice cries out.
“I love you too,” the all-too-familiar voice replies from the stage before it breaks out into song.
Chills go down my spine as I peer at the dimly lit stage. Suddenly, a spotlight hits Beau Barringer dead in the face. A surprised gasp slips past my lips, and my eyes widen in shock. No! My mind screams out, but no words escape my mouth.
This is some kind of nightmare. I pinch myself to wake up.
“I told you Beau Barringer is to die for, didn’t I?” Shelby says as she nudges me continuously.
I look at her without saying anything as she continues to stare at Beau Barringer with a starstruck look on her face like all of his other fans. I look back at the stage and blink hard. This Beau Barringer has to be a look-a-like for my Barry. That has to be it.
Wait, where did the words my Barry come from? Meeting Barry and the things we did together are like a mystical dream to me. This man performing in front of me can’t be the same Barry that I spent the weekend with a couple of weeks ago. Impossible.
Beau Barringer and his band finish one song and go into the next without missing a beat. I become mesmerized by Beau’s movements as he gyrates across the stage. He definitely has the crowd eating out of his hands, including Shelby who seems to be drooling at the mouth.
My heart beats faster as I sit down on the soft, cushiony seat with a plop. I can feel a flush coming to my face and goose bumps appear on my arms.  If it wasn’t for my pregnancy, I would have taken the mixed drink from Shelby’s hand and guzzled it down until it is was gone. Then, and only then, would clarity come to me once again.
If Barry is really Beau Barringer, then why did he lie to me about who he really is? Why did he have sex with me on the pretense of being someone who he is not? I begin to fume to myself. How dare he take my body as if he owns it and not trust me enough to tell me his true identity.
This Beau Barringer is no better than Victor Wallace. If I ever come in contact with Barry or Beau Barringer, I will have more than a few words for him. My anger begins to grow by the moment.
I can see his eyes skimming over the crowd as he performs. I know he will never see me as I glare at him with an angry twist to my mouth. Shelby is so into the performance that she has no idea of the turmoil that boils and rages on the inside of me.
I say nothing to her to thwart her enjoyment of the concert. My chance will come soon because I remember that Shelby has backstage passes after the concert. I breathe in deeply to bide my time because soon Beau Barringer will feel the wrath of me, Noelle Winters. He will most definitely feel my chill soon enough.

*

Shelby and I walk into the brightly lit room where the chosen fans have the pleasure of meeting and interacting with Beau Barringer and the rest of his band. Shelby shows excitement as we look around at several tables arranged with food. There are several waiters with trays in their hands passing out drinks. There is also a wet bar available for the already tipsy crowd.
My eyes wander around the room looking for Beau. He is settled on a big, plush, leather sofa with two stunning women on each side of him. I feel my heart drop to the floor as I take in how he interacts with these two women who look like they could be models.
One woman has long, bone-straight, black hair. She seems to be oriental with her slanted eyes. The other woman is just the opposite of the black-haired woman. This one has blond hair with dark streaks running through her wavy tresses.
A cigarette dangles from Beau’s lips. The woman with the blond hair takes the cigarette from Beau’s mouth and brings the cigarette to her red painted lips to take a drag. My blood begins to boil with jealousy at the intimacy of the scene.
“Noelle, what is wrong with you? I have been trying to get your attention for the last two minutes,” Shelby’s eyes are filled with concern by the time I finally give her my full attention.
My mouth opens and closes, but no words come out. I feel an onslaught of dizziness come over me. I grasp Shelby’s arm before my eyes close and everything goes blank. I can hear Shelby as if she is far away calling for someone to help her.


Chapter 8

Beau

I Don’t Want to Fight Tonight

Peaches and Daria are getting a little too close for my comfort as I try to relax on the sofa after my hair-raising performance on stage tonight. Peaches leans in and her too-sweet-smelling perfume is overwhelming and nauseating to my senses. 
I turn my face away from her just in time for her red, painted lips to land on my cheek instead of my mouth, but my move of avoidance only cost me to come into contact with Daria’s lips, which were ready to assault mine.
All I can think of is Noelle Winters and the sweet taste of her lips. In the past, I would have enjoyed being sandwiched between two beautiful women. This was a time before Noelle entered my life like a surprising snow storm to ruin me for all other women.
I can feel Peaches’ double D-sized implants against my back as she presses up against my back. “Let’s go to the back suite,” she whispers against my ear. I can feel the warmth of her breath against my ear just as I hear the faint cry for help in the crowded, noisy room. The cry is faint, but it penetrates clearly to my ears.
I tear my lips away from Daria and wedge myself from between the two as I stand. I look around the large room just in time to see a woman with a glorious head of natural curls fall into the arms of a blond-headed woman by her side.
The body of the falling woman instantly hits a cord inside of me, which causes me to react instantly. Although I can’t clearly see her face because most of her hair is covering it, there is an instant recognition in the very pit of my stomach.
“Hey, where are you going?” I can hear Peaches call out to my back as I hurry across the room to aid the woman who has fainted.
By the time I make it across the room, several people are standing around her in the way, and I shove them aside as I fall down to my knees to assist.
“Help my friend,” the blond-headed woman says. 
I quickly look into her tear-filled, blue eyes which show only concern.
“Stand back,” I order everyone. “Give this woman some air.”
I brush her hair aside to reveal her face. My heart stops before it erratically starts to beat again. 
“Noelle,” I gasp. Her name easily slips from my lips as I look down at my beautiful angel.
I assess that she is breathing normally, and I check her pulse. I lift her head onto my lap and gently tap her cheeks to get a response from her. Her brown eyes slowly open to meet my stare.
“Barry,” she says as her eyes fill with confusion.
“It’s me, baby,” I say softly to her.
“Here, Beau, take this,” Laney kneels down beside me with a bottle of water.
“Thank God, Noelle. You scared me to death,” her friend cries.
“What happened, Shelby?” Noelle finally tears her gaze from mine to look at her concerned friend.
“You fainted,” Shelby says as I take the open bottle of water from Laney and help raise Noelle into a sitting positon to give her a small sip of the water.
“I’m all right,” Noelle says as she tries to stand up.
“No you are not. Something could be wrong with the baby, and you need to be checked out by a doctor,” Shelby argues.
“I haven’t eaten since lunch time today at work. Missing a meal probably affected me in some way. Just take me home, and I will eat something and go to bed.”
“You know better than that, Noelle,” I say gruffly, looking into her beautiful face in concern. I take in her thick, shiny lips coated with some kind of slick gloss. I just want to take her into my strong arms and kiss her and love her until I can make her mine once again. “You must take care of yourself and this little miracle you are carrying,” my hands slide down possessively across her stomach as if the baby she is carrying is my own.
“Wait a minute. How do the two of you know each other?” Shelby looks from Noelle to me with a look of confusion.
“We will talk later, Shelby. I promise,” Noelle replies. “But right now, all I want to do is get out of here. I have embarrassed myself enough for the night by fainting in a room full of people.” An embarrassing flush spreads across her high cheek bones.
Shelby continues to look between the two of us with surprise and confusion. She stands and reaches out a helping hand to her friend to help her to stand on her feet, but before Noelle can react, I hand the water bottle back to an unusually quiet Laney and lift Noelle easily into my arms before standing.
“I will see that Noelle gets home with no problem at all,” I state.
“No! Shelby will see I get home safely,” Noelle replies in a voice of panic.
“Noelle is right, we came together, and we will leave together,” her friend says in a protective tone.
Noelle has entered my life again like an unexpected storm. There is no way in hell that I will let her out of my sight tonight. If I have to kidnap her, then so be it.
“Noelle is in great hands. I promise you that nothing will happen to your friend, if this is what causes you to worry. Stay here and enjoy yourself. I will have someone to see you safely to your destination whenever you are ready to leave,” I say to Shelby.
“Noelle and I already have a driver to see us safely home. Put her down, please,” Shelby begs.
“Like I said before, I will see her safely home,” I reply before stalking off.
“Beau Barringer, I don’t care who you are, but you better let my friend go,” Shelby says, running behind me as I carry her friend off towards a private elevator that will carry us down to a private garage.
“Thump.” Something solid hits me on my back. I swivel around with Noelle in my arms. Her arms are loosely clasped around my neck. 
“I will hit you with something harder than my clutch next time if you don’t let my friend go.” 
The fierce protection Noelle’s friend has for her is admirable, but I have no time for entertaining her friend. I look around for the men in black who are littered throughout the room for security. I nod once, and one of them stalks over to stand between us. 
“See that this lady gets everything she needs and make sure she gets to her ride safely when she gets ready to leave.”
Noelle gives a loud sigh after her lengthy silence. “Call your pit bulls off my girl, Barry…or Beau…whatever your name is,” Noelle says, glaring into my eyes.
I nod my head for him to step aside so Noelle can speak with her friend.
Shelby glares at me with the same intensity that is in Noelle’s eyes.
“Shelby, it is okay. I will willingly go with Beau. There are some things I need to discuss with him anyway,” she finally concedes.
“Are you positive because you already know I have your back? I don’t give two hoots if this man is a rock star,” she says, throwing another glare my way.
“I’m positive,” Noelle reaches out for Shelby to take her hand to give it a reassuring squeeze before letting her hand go. “I will call you tomorrow and touch base with you.”
“Okay, make sure you do that,” Shelby says as we enter the elevator. 
She stands there and watches us until the doors swish closed. Noelle is quiet in my arms as I carry her over to the waiting Cadillac Escalade stretch limousine that is waiting for me. A smartly dressed man stands beside the vehicle.
“Where to, Mr. Barringer?” The older gentleman asks as he acknowledges Noelle with the tip of his chauffeur’s hat and a twinkle in his eyes.
“Charles, this is Noelle Winters, and Noelle, this is Charles Nixon, my driver as well as a long-time, family friend from back home,” I say with affection.
“It is a pleasure to meet you, beautiful lady,” Charles says with a smile as he opens the back passenger door for our entrance.
“Hi, Charles, and thank you,” Noelle says softly as I seat her first and then slide in behind.
Charles closes the door before going around to the driver’s side to slide behind the wheel and await my instructions. 
“Take me to the hotel, Charles.” 
“Yes, sir.” Charles puts the car in drive and takes us out from under the private garage to merge into traffic. 
The heat circulates around the interior of the limousine. I finally look over at Noelle, who has slid to the far corner of her seat as her back rests against the passenger door. She is starring daggers at me. I can see that she is angry, but I don’t want to fight with her.
It has been too long since I last saw her. I can think of more pleasurable things that we could do together besides arguing. 
“Charles, take the long way around,” I instruct him.
Charles’ and my eyes meet briefly in the rearview mirror before he nods his consent. I press a button to slide a partition into place to give Noelle and I the privacy that we need.
“Why did you tell him to take me to your hotel? I want to go home,” she says before reaching over to slide the partition down. “Charles, take me home please.” She spits out her address to Charles.
“Follow my first instructions, Charles,” I say to him before sliding the partition into place once again. I can hear Charles chuckling to himself as the partition closes.
“You have some nerve, Barry…I mean Beau Barringer,” Noelle says with an attitude.
“Noelle…sweetheart, you have every right to be angry with me. I should have told you who I was before you left me all those weeks ago. But I found it hard to tell you the truth even after I found out you were who you said you were. Please forgive me, baby,” I appeal to her.
“Don’t look at me like that.”
“Look at you like what?”
“You don’t have the right to look at me all sexy with that blue-gray-eyed glance of yours. I am not like your two women tonight. They were clawing all over your body, and you were just letting them,” she says with more than anger in her voice.
Daria and Peaches come to mind. I didn’t know she even witnessed the way Daria and Peaches were trying to get me into their bed. If she really knows how I feel, she would know that she has ruined my desire to be with anyone else but her.
“You don’t have to be jealous of them. They mean absolutely nothing to me,” I say truthfully.
“Is that the way you kiss someone you care absolutely nothing for? Their lipsticks are still on your lips. I can’t believe that I gave myself to you the way I did. I am probably just another notch on your belt,” she ends on a sigh.
“You can be no further from the truth. I admit that before I met you I would have taken women like Daria and Peaches up on their offer without a second thought, but since meeting you, I no longer want to live the wild life I was living before. Noelle Winters, you make me want more, and you have no idea how much I miss you,” I say with meaning in my voice.
“See, now I know that you are lying. How in the world can you miss me, and you didn’t try to find or contact me in any way since I left you?” Noelle asks with heated accusation in her voice. “It seems as if you are a compulsive liar, among other things.”
“Damn it. Are you ever going to let me live that one little mistake down? I misspoke when I first thought you were a reporter from some cheesy tabloid out to get a story. I have trust issues, and rightly so. When you are in the spotlight, it is hard to know who to trust and who not to trust. I will say, once again, that I am sorry I lied to you, but I am not a compulsive liar.”
“What about all of the other women you have at your beck and call? I know you lie to them to keep them pacified, right?”
The more my beautiful Noelle speaks, the clearer it becomes that she is jealous. I don’t need or want her to be jealous of any other woman I have been with before her. I don’t want her jealous of any other woman, period.
I look into Noelle’s eyes so there will not be anymore misunderstandings now or in the future. 
“Noelle, I won’t lie to you. There have been lots of women. Too many really,” I say and lean my head back into the cushioned seat. “This is who I am…let me rectify that…that is who I was before meeting you, my beautiful Noelle Winters. I know you won’t believe me, but after my tour ended, the first thing that was on my agenda was to find you again. But fate reunited us before I found you myself. Now that we meet again, I am never letting you go.”
“Before I say I forgive you, I have a question,” Noelle says with tears in her big, beautiful eyes. 
“Ask away. I will do anything to make it right with you.” I want to reach out so badly and pull her warm body into my embrace, but I wait to hear her out instead.
“The real reason you didn’t want me to know who you really were after we had sex was because you knew deep down you would never see me again, right?”
Noelle deserves the whole truth if we are going to make us work. I decide the truth is better than a lie, even if it hurts.
“When you first left, I told myself that was it. We had our couple of days of passion. I wanted to immerse myself in practice and preparing for my tour with the band. I had no intention of ever seeing you again. Then the dreams started. I started seeing you in my dreams at night. I would wake up hard and throbbing to be inside of your hotness. I craved to feel your slick heat surrounding me as we made sweet love. I swear I could even smell your scent and taste the sweet stickiness of your juices on my lips and tongue.”
“Enough!” Noelle exclaims. I notice the hot flush to her cheeks in the dim interior of the limousine.
My eyes narrow on her beautiful, brown face. I notice how succulent her breasts look pressed against her shimmering blouse. I notice how her jeans encase her thick thighs like a second skin. My mouth begins to water, and I breathe deeply as if inhaling the scent of infinite sweetness.
I watch her watching me. Her brown eyes are like burnt, shiny marbles, filled with passionate desire burning deep into their embers. My nostrils spread with the hardening of my rising desire beneath my zippered, black jeans.
“Come here,” I order her.
“No,” she whispers.
“You dare defy me?” I ask with a smirk.
I didn’t give her a chance to answer. I am as quick as a lion devouring its prey. I reach for her and settle her in my lap into a straddle position. My big hands cup the softness of her well rounded ass and pull her center closer to my hard rod.
I can feel her heat eat through the material of our respective jeans. This only makes me want her more. Blood is raging and pumping through my veins as I look into her heated gaze. Our lips meet with one accord. My tongue plunges past her sweet, succulent lips. Our wet tongues meet in an excited greeting once again. 
We explore each other’s mouths at leisure with the promise of more pleasurable things to come. I become swept up in Noelle’s pleasantly, sweet scent. Her scent is sweet and delicate, unlike the scent of Peaches’ nauseatingly, heavy-scented perfume.
Everything is perfectly balanced with Noelle. She fits in my arms perfectly as if God just formed her for me and only me. Her mouth is as sweet as honey as I continue to sip from her mouth and lips with the need to own her for more than one fleeting night.
My hands begin to itch and lead me to explore her soft, curvy body at will. She moans between slow, dragged-out kisses as we continue to sip from each other’s lips, giving life to one another through the exchanging of breaths.
I receive the exchanging of our DNA with gladness, and my heart swells to gigantic proportions as I fall deeper into this gem of a woman. She is ensnaring me without her even knowing how much she affects me.
Noelle begins to grind downward onto my stiffness. My hips lift automatically to meet her downward grind with my upward thrust. I groan beneath her soft, thick, kissable lips. My hand cups one beast in my hand. I can feel her pebbled, hard nipple through her clothing.
My lips move to her breasts, and my teeth bite through the material that is covering her nipples. Noelle moans so sweetly and throws her head back in pleasure. My mouth is leaving a wet spot on the clingy material of her delicate shirt, but I pay it no mind as I move to her other breast and give it the same attention that I gave the first one.
Our lips met greedily once again as the world closes around us, and we feel like the only two alive in this present moment. Our heated kiss went on and on, and the limousine filled with our heavy breathing as we fog up the cold windows. I need to finally come up for breath, and I am sure Noelle does too.
I pull my lips slowly back and stare at her full, kissable lips. She looks so sexy and wanton before me. Her lips are slightly swollen from my deep, drugging kisses. My hand raises to her hair, and I run my fingers through her soft, textured curls.
Her scalp is warm to my touch as I massage it. Her eyes close, and she moans as if I am making sweet love to her. “Can we start over?” I ask.
Her eyes pop open. She looks deeply into my eyes. It feels like she is looking directly into my soul and I into hers.
“Yes,” she finally replies.
Our faces are so close together that I can feel her sweet breath on my lips.
“My name is Beau Barringer, and I am a rock star,” I say in a way of reintroducing myself to this angel of a woman right before my very eyes.
“Hi, Beau Barringer the rock star,” she says with a teasing smile. “My name is Noelle Winters, and I am a lowly receptionist in a major company,” she smiles even wider as she continues to tease me.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Noelle Winters, but there is nothing lowly about you.” 
Noelle’s smile becomes even wider as she reveals a set of perfectly white teeth. Her smile slowly disappears as my head moves slowly closer to hers. Our lips met once again in understanding as the fire builds between our bodies and hearts alike.


Chapter 9

Noelle

My Grown-Up Christmas List

I can’t believe I’m seeing Beau. I never expected to see him again once I left his home out in the middle of nowhere.
As I drove away on that snowy, Sunday evening of what seems like a faraway dream, Barry, as I knew him then, watched me as he stood in his baggy jeans and sheepskin coat to ward off the chill. He watched me drive away with a forlorn expression on his face. It was the same forlorn feeling that I felt in my heart, but I knew I had to leave and head back to the real world instead of some fairy tale I made up for the weekend with a passionate, sexy, and handsome stranger.
The elevator doors swish open, bringing my mind back to the present moment. I look up to notice that the private elevator that Beau and I are traveling in has carried us straight up to a lavish suite on the top floor of this expensive hotel.
The penthouse level’s private elevator opens up to a gigantic lounge area. We take some stairs down to the main floor, covered with deep, soft carpet. There is a huge, decorated Christmas tree on display with its multi-colored lights twinkling in reverence to the coming, festive season.
“Wow, Beau. This place is beautiful. But why are you staying here instead of your house in the country?” I ask him.
“I need to be on hand and not too far away when I am performing; I also need to make myself accessible to the band if something pops up. Besides, we have another performance in two days in another city, and my band and I fly out tomorrow night.”
“That makes sense,” I say but feel my heart plummet when he says he will be flying out tomorrow night. I feel a sense of loss already.
“Don’t look so sad, baby,” he tilts my chin and looks into my brown eyes. “I will be back sooner than you think, and I won’t stay away from you again since I have finally found you.” He looks deep into my eyes with a look that I can’t define.
“How are you feeling?” he asks suddenly as he leads me over to a comfortable looking couch.
“I am feeling better.”
“I know it’s late, but I will feel a lot better after a doctor checks you out.” He walks over to a telephone and starts punching in some numbers. “This is Beau Barringer in the top penthouse suite, room 2052. Will you please send the hotel doctor up at once?” he says into the receiver of the telephone.
I jump off the couch in surprise. “I am fine, Beau,” I say as I walk over to him. “It is too late to be calling a doctor to check me out. I promise that I felt light headed because I didn’t eat much today. Plus, it was a shock seeing you on stage tonight,” I admit truthfully.
Beau gives me that sexy, penetrating stare once again. My body becomes warm all over from his heated gaze. I don’t even think he realizes the affect he has on me.
“I still feel the need to have a doctor check you out. Don’t worry, sweetheart. I will make it worth his while,” he adds before resuming his conversation. “Yes, thank you,” he speaks into the receiver once again. “Can you also have some soup and sandwiches sent up with a glass of milk? Great,” he says before replacing the receiver.
“Beau!” I say, crossing my arms across my ample breasts. “I told you I don’t need a doctor.”
My stomach takes that moment to grumble aloud. My cheeks flush a deep hue of berry against my brown skin tone.
“You must take better care of yourself. As long as I am around, you need to get use to me taking care of you. That’s just who I am,” he says, walking over to me and pulling me into his embrace. He squeezes me tightly, but not too tightly, against his chest.
My hands instantly spread across his chest as I look up into his eyes. His head comes down as his lips softly brush against my lips. His lips continue to brush butterfly-like, teasing kisses across my plump lips. My arms encircle his neck as my fingers brush through the silken strands of his hair near his neckline.
I breathe in his viral scent. The scent is of his cologne as well as his own scent of magnetism that draws me deeper into his strong presence.
There is a knock at the door that breaks us away from our intimate kiss. I moan with disappointment. Beau looks into my eyes and gives me a sexy smile before sauntering over and pressing a button to allow the doctor’s entrance.
A short, heavy-set man, with hair the color of corn silk, walks into the room. Round spectacles sit on the edge of his nose. “I am Dr. Denton,” he says, extending his hand in greeting towards Beau.
Beau clasps Dr. Denton’s hand in his own as he stands tall over the short doctor. “I am so sorry to disturb you, but I need my lady checked out. She fainted earlier tonight, and she is in the very early stages of pregnancy,” Beau tells the doctor as he walks further into the lounge. “This is Noelle, by the way,” Beau quickly adds.
“Hello, Noelle,” Dr. Denton says. “Let’s see what’s going on with you. Do you have a bedroom that I may give her a check-up in?”
“Oh, yes. Right this way,” Beau says, taking my hand into his as he leads us into a gigantic, luxurious bedroom that is occupied by a king-sized bed as well as a sixty-inch, flat screen television. I also notice a pair of sliding doors that lead out onto a patio. I can see a million lights sparkling through the dark night from the many tall buildings throughout the city.
“May I have some privacy, Mr. Barringer?” asks Dr. Denton.
Beau looks at the doctor as if he wants to stay, but I turn to Beau and tell him that I will be alright with the doctor checking me out alone. He nods his head once before walking out of the room and closing the door behind him.
“Lie back on the bed, Miss Winters,” Dr. Denton instructs me before going into his black, leather bag.
I follow the doctor’s instruction, and he takes my hand in his first to check my pulse. Dr. Denton has a serious look on his face as he then checks for my heart rate.
“Your pulse and your heart rate are normal, and that is a good thing. Are you taking your prenatal vitamins as instructed and keeping your primary doctor’s appointments as you should?” he questions as he lifts my shirt to press around my stomach with gentle hands.
“I am doing both.”
“Good…good,” he says. “How far along are you exactly?”
I continue to answer all of the doctor’s questions. He finishes his check-up and replaces his medical devices back into his black, leather bag. 
“I am sorry Beau bothered you, Dr. Denton,” I say as I pull down my shirt and sit up on the bed.
“Don’t be sorry, Miss. It is always smart to err on the side of caution than not,” he says in a reasonable tone of voice.
“I guess you are right,” I give the friendly doctor a bright smile.
“Don’t forget to see your primary doctor at your earliest convenience to alert him or her of your fainting spell,” he cautions. “And remember to eat right as well as get plenty of rest. Drink plenty of fluids as well. You not only have yourself to think of now, young lady.”
“Thank you doctor, and I will take your advice to heart.”
“Goodbye,” he says before he walks through the bedroom door and closes it behind him.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Beau says, entering the bedroom a few minutes later. “The doctor tells me that your vitals are good.”
“Yeah, they are,” I reply, noting the look of relief that spreads across Beau’s handsome face.
The hotel sent up the soup and sandwiches while the doctor was checking you out. I thought we could eat in here so you could be comfortable on the bed.”
“That’s fine,” I say, kicking off my boot heels and sliding back onto the big, comfortable king-sized bed.
Beau’s eyes spark flames as he looks as at me on the bed. He starts to speak but stops as he turns abruptly on his heels and walks out of the room, only to return seconds later with a trolley.
He rolls it beside the bed before removing the silver cover over the tray. My nose inhales the delicious aroma of the tomato soup and the cheesy, grilled cheese sandwiches. My belly chooses that moment to sound off an angry grumble once again.
“Dig in, Noelle” he says as he kicks off his bad ass, harness-style boots. “Wait,” he says before enclosing my hands in his as he bows his head to say a quick blessing over our food.
The more I am with this man, the more my heart endears itself to him. I take my first bite of the warm, grilled cheese sandwich. The cheese leaks out onto my chin, and I begin to laugh. I take a napkin from the trolley to wipe my chin, but Beau instantly stills my hand.
He leans over and swipes his hot tongue against my chin to remove the bit of cheese. I know my brown eyes darken even more as I start to tremble, not from being cold but from the instant heat that pools like molten lava between my thighs.
Beau picks up a spoon and dips it into the bowl of tomato soup to feed me. He stares into my eyes as I take my first taste of tomato soup that is flavored with fresh basil. I close my eyes at the delicious taste of the soup and the desire that spreads through me as Beau continues to feed me.
“Mmm, this soup is so delicious,” I say by the time he feeds me the last spoonful. “You should have eaten some instead of letting me eat it all.” I’m feeling slightly guilty but full nonetheless.
“I have a taste for something sweet,” he says as his nostrils flare open with desire. “All I have been able to think about is the smell of you and the taste of your sweet stickiness on my lips,” he says, standing to push the tray away before coming back to the bed.
I can only stare into his smoky, heated gaze as he has me entranced in a passion-filled haze. 
“Feel what you do to me, Noelle,” he says, taking my hand to place over the crotch of his black jeans.
I can feel his hardened length pressed against his zippered jeans, begging to be set free. I need to feel the length and girth of his hot steel in my hands once again. I gaze into his eyes as I unbuckle his belt engraved with a big letter B on the buckle. 
I trace the letter slowly with my fingers first before sliding the zipper down.
“Wait, Noelle,” Beau growls out as if he is being tortured. “I want to see you undress first.”
“I have an idea. We can undress each other,” I suggest in a soft voice. 
Beau removes all of my clothes, except for my pair of barely there, nude panties. He takes one finger to hook beneath the waistband of my panties and finally slides them extra slowly down my legs. The heat in his gaze is burning me inside and causes me to become extra slick between my pussy lips.
Once my panties drop to the floor, Beau assists me with stepping out of them before he bends to scoop them up into his hand. He instantly brings my panties to his nose to inhale my scent. I watch him as he closes his blue-gray eyes and luxuriates in my feminine scent.
He lets out a deep and guttural groan before opening his eyes once again. Beau’s eyes glaze over with fiery desire. It is the same desire that reflects in my own brown eyes.
“Get on the bed and spread ‘em,” he orders in a half growl.
My body shudders from his demanding tone of voice. My breasts are feeling heavier as my nipples strain to be touched and manipulated. I have no desire to disobey Beau’s demand, for I know his demands will give me the ultimate pleasure that my body has been missing.
My eyelids grow heavy from my desire for Beau. I await Beau’s kisses and touches as we take in the subtle differences between each other’s bodies. He follows me to the bed at last, and sensuous sighs escape my lips repeatedly. Beau’s hand splays across my stomach before he bends his head to place a kiss on my slightly, pudgy belly. His tongue dips into my navel and swirls around.
My hands entangle themselves in his black hair. A moan escapes from between my lips as he pushes me gently into a lying position on the bed. His lips travel further south, as he places a warm thorough kiss on my mound.
“I missed the taste of your delicious flavor on my lips,” he mummers against the intimacy of my mound.
Beau nudges my thighs further apart and drapes my legs over the wide expanse of his strong shoulders before he sets out to prove just how much he missed my sweet heat. He takes a swipe with his rough, wet, hot tongue to get his first taste of the night.
“Mmm, your pussy tastes better than I remembered.” His voice causes shock waves to vibrate directly to my core. 
I am so ready for Beau to partake of what I offer. I can feel my liquid desire leak from my core as it leaves a slick trail down the split of my ass cheeks. Beau wastes no time following the sweet nectar’s trail as he scoops up every drop with his long and talented tongue.
He plays my clit just as well as he played his electric guitar tonight, if not better. Beau’s tongue continues to delve into the slick folds of my wet lips. I look down between my plump thighs and commit the beauty of his head between my thighs to memory.
The beauty of it all sends me over the edge to a glorious orgasm, as Beau makes delicious love to my heated center with his lips and mouth.
“Damn it, Noelle,” Beau growls, looking at me between my golden thighs. “Baby, this pussy is like an aphrodisiac. I will never get enough of tasting you. I want all of you to belong to me from now on.” 
“I want the same thing, Beau,” I moan aloud.
I don’t know if it is the passion which makes me speak this way or if it’s the love that I feel entering my heart for Beau. If it’s love, how can I fall out of love with Victor this quickly and fall in love with Beau? I silently question myself, even through the tortuous pleasure that Beau is giving me.
Beau slides up my body but bears most of his weight on his upper arms. His lips are slick from my juices as his lips settle onto my own. I allow myself to taste my own juices as his tongue enters my mouth, and we once again exchange each other’s DNA.
Beau’s lips are pliable and heated against my own. His kisses become more demanding as his cock lies stiffly against my upper thigh. My hand travels down his leg to enclose his length in my hand. He is so big and throbbing that my hand can’t enclose all of him.
My fingers trail down to the head of his penis. I can feel pre-cum escape onto my fingers. My mouth waters as I imagine the taste of him. I tear my mouth away from Beau’s delicious kiss to push against his shoulders.
“Lie on your back,” I say, wanting to take charge of the situation for a while.
Beau’s heated gaze looks down upon me, as if he doesn’t want to stop kissing me. I lick my lips, and he quickly catches my tongue to tug it into the warm crevices of his mouth. We begin kissing again with abandon before Beau rolls with me in his arms to land on his back, but I am on top this time.
I once again tear my mouth from his lips and slide down his body until my face is directly in front of what my mouth desires.
“No, Noelle,” Beau says quickly as he tries to sit up.
I quickly take his hard steel into my hands and squeeze him intimately before massaging his length between my cupped hands.
“My goodness,” he growls and falls weakly back onto the bed with a thud.
“I want to taste you just as intimately as you tasted me,” I say in a sensuous voice, while allowing the heat from my breath to brush against his hard dick.
My tongue slips from between my lips to encircle the head before licking the length of his lightly, tan-colored shaft. Beau’s moans become loud as I take most of the length of his erection into my mouth. Beau’s pre-cum is sweet and slightly salty as I allow it to slide down my throat.
His hands attach themselves to my head to entangle themselves in my natural curls. My head begins to move up and down in a slow motion as my mouth sucks around his hot, hard length. His moans urge me to accommodate him further down my throat.
I allow my throat to relax itself so I don’t gag. My other hand slides down under his sac to squeeze his pink balls gently in my warm hands. Beau’s hips jump off the bed as he gyrates beneath me. I can feel him swelling even larger in my wet mouth, as more of his pre-cum seeps onto my tongue.
“Noelle, baby, please stop. I don’t want to cum this way. I need to feel your heat around me when I cum,” he pleads.
I suck him into my mouth once again, and swipe the length of him for good measure, before I release his throbbing member from my grip. I crawl up Beau’s muscular, toned body to place a kiss on his lips.
“What are you trying to do, kill me?” he grunts.
“We don’t have a condom,” I sigh against his lips.
“I have a clean bill of health,” he says, looking seriously into my eyes.
“So do I,” I admit. I grow slicker between my legs as I feel his hardness at my moist center.
All I need to do is lift my hips, and Beau’s hard length will be snug inside my walls. I can feel him throbbing beneath me. I moan and hump against his length.
“Fuck!” he growls out before his big hands encircle my waist to lift my hips.
My hand encloses around his hardness and directs him inside my hotness. I slide down his length little by little as I become accustomed to his size and length once again. I feel stretched beyond my capacity, but he feels so good inside of my moist heat.
We both begin to move slowly in unison. My downward hip movement is met by his upward thrusts. I lean down to settle one heavy breast against his lips so he can take my pebbled, caramel drop into the warmth of his mouth.
His rough tongue laves my nipple. The swipe of his tongue across my sensitive nipple sends delectable shock waves straight to my very core. I begin to gyrate faster, moving back and forth and swiveling my hips around and around like some kind of exotic dancer.
“Fuck!” my rock star growls out as he thrusts into me faster and faster. 
A secret smile blooms on my lips, like this impending orgasm that is rising inside my core, like a large tidal wave crashing to the shore. Beau bites down on my nipple; the pleasure and pain sends me straight over the edge as my smile turns into a surprised gasp.
My surprised gasp turns into a long, pleasurable cry as my eyes pop open to clash with Beau’s beautiful stare. We both catapult into a universe made just for us. Tears stream down my face as my body trembles with such great pleasure, unlike any I have known before.
Beau shouts out my name as he throbs to gigantic proportions inside my walls before bursting inside of me and splashing the inside of my walls with his hot seed. My searing juices mix with his seed before I fall down exhausted onto his chest.
Beau cradles me gently as he pulls a woven quilt on top of our bodies. He doesn’t move me from our joined position as I try to get my breathing under control. I can hear the rapid beating of his heartbeat against my ear. That same heartbeat tempts my eyelids to become even heavier as his hands rub tenderly against my back, lulling me into some much needed sleep.
Deep in my subconscious, I can hear the low timbre of Beau’s voice. His deep, soulful sound penetrates my soul. “I love you, Noelle Winters. I will never let you go since I have found you again.”
I fall deeper into a satisfied sleep as Beau continues to hold me in his arms. I draw comfort from his warm body against my own, even in sleep. I feel safe in the comfort of his embrace, a feeling I never felt in Victor’s arms. 
Beau’s scent even penetrates through my drug-like state of mind. Our heartbeats beat as one. My mind screams my love for him as I drift further into a pleasurable, sex-induced sleep. We are still connected as the two of us exist in a universe filled with the newness of our love for one another. 


Chapter 10

Beau

Happy Christmas (War is Over)

I wake up with a smile on my face and the most beautiful woman in the world by my side. Noelle looks so beautiful with her lips slightly parted and little soft snores coming from her mouth. I can find delight in waking up to her every day.
It doesn’t matter to me that this beautiful, sleeping woman is carrying another man’s child. Victor’s loss is definitely my gain, and any child of Noelle’s I will love as my own. I know I must take things slow with her if I don’t want to scare her away. But for the first time in my life, I am ready to settle down at the ripe age of thirty. I never thought it possible for me to have this feeling of wanting to settle down before I met Noelle. I have never trusted anyone else enough to want to build a relationship.
I gently lift her arm to slide myself from beneath her. I know she needs her sleep, especially after the long night of  love-making sessions that lasted until the early morning. I feel guilty for satisfying my lusty urges with her body over and over again. I just can’t seem to get enough of her.
I can feel myself becoming aroused once again. I bite back an expletive as I turn on my heels to walk silently away into the penthouse’s large bathroom to take a shower, but first I take the time to brush my teeth and floss.
I dress in old, comfortable jeans and a button-down shirt. I don’t have to meet up with the band until much later to squeeze in a session at the studio before our flight leaves tomorrow night. I walk over to my old, leather, beat-up guitar case that I take on the road with me wherever I go.
This old guitar is the first guitar my pops bought me as a Christmas gift, just before I hit it big four years ago. I attach the strap of the guitar to my shoulder and walk barefoot on the plush, carpeted floor over to the big, comfortable-looking, leather chair directly across from the bed Noelle is sleeping on.
Lyrics are running through my head as I watch Noelle sleep peacefully like an angelic being. The more I watch her, the more the words come crashing through my brain. My fingers slowly strum across the guitar strings. My eyes never leave Noelle’s sweet, beautiful face as lyrics of my love for her escape my lips with a will of their own.

The first time I ever loved like this,
Like wishing on a faraway star
Out of reach, but there you are.

Like a promise
Or an impossible dream,
It seems
I must make you mine.

Because the first time
Is the last time

That I will ever love like this.
After seeing you,
I knew

This is the first time I’ve ever loved like this.

Believe these words from my soul.
It is my gift to the woman I love,

Because this first time
Will be the last time

I will ever love like this…

I strum the last cord as the last word slips past my lips. I never take my eyes off of the beautiful woman before me. Noelle stretches with her arms high above her head and yawns before her eyes slowly open to see me watching her.
“I thought I was dreaming,” she says as she sits up in bed. She seems oblivious of the sheet sliding down her breasts, leaving her scrumptiously exposed to my heated gaze. “The song is beautiful, but it is so different from the music you performed last night. This song is kind of a soulful ballad,” she adds.
“I guess you can call it that. This song came to me while I watched you sleep. It needs some work, but this is your song, Noelle.” I can feel my cock stiffen as her nipples harden and point towards me as if they are begging me to kiss them.
I lay my guitar aside and stand. Our eyes never stray from one another as I disrobe along the way. My clothing drops to the floor in a trail as I make my way towards the king-sized bed. Noelle’s eyes glaze over with unrestrained desire as I walk towards the object of my passion.
“Wait,” Noelle says as she attempts to get out of the bed. “I need a quick shower, and I need to brush my teeth,” she adds as redness appears on her cheeks.
I pounce on her before she leaves the bed. I pay her words no mind because I know that I have fallen in love with this beautiful woman, who was made just for me. I love this woman, morning breath and all. My lips meld with hers as I sweep her into a passion-filled kiss.
Her mouth opens beneath my own, and our tongues tangle wetly and hotly as they play and parry. Noelle moans softly, and her body begins to squirm beneath my own. My lips reluctantly leave hers to capture a budding nipple between my lips. 
I take my sweet time loving on her beautiful, brown breasts and dusky nipples before sliding further down her body to get a taste of her marinated, molten, sweet heat. I inhale the musty, sweet scent of her as if to commit it to memory. The scent of her femininity causes me to lengthen and throb with an unfulfilled need that must be met.
Noelle squeezes her thighs tight with my head between her supple thighs. She begins to tremble with her orgasm as she screams my name. My tongue scoops every bit of her sweetness into my mouth before I swallow her deliciousness down my throat.
“Beau,” Noelle moans as I slide up her body and enter her wet heat.
“I love you, Noelle,” I groan as I begin thrusting inside her in earnest.
Her walls grip me so snugly that I have to fight back from cumming too soon. She wraps her thighs around my back to imprison me between her thighs. Our bodies dance as one as we war our way towards fulfilling each other’s desires to the fullest.
“Ahh! Beau, I am cumming.” Noelle’s sexy cries send me over the edge with her as I release my hot seed, like lava, into her fiery heat.
My hands cup her rounded ass cheeks to pull her closer as I thrust into her one last time as we simmer in the afterglow of love’s ecstasy. 

*

We step outside the hotel later that day. Charles is meeting us out front so that I can get Noelle back to her apartment, and I am going to meet the band later after I see Noelle safely home. I have Noelle glued to my side as I spot Charles across the way.
“Mr. Barringer, can you tell us who this lovely lady is that you have on your arm?” A reporter steps out of nowhere to hold a tape recorder under my nose. Behind him is a cameraman filming us as we try to walk towards the waiting limousine.
I look down at Noelle, and she has the “deer in the headlights” look on her face. I pull her closer to my side and hold up my hand to shield her from the bold reporter. “I am sorry about this, baby. Just keep your head down and ignore them. This is par for the course for these tabloid reporters,” I assure her as I thank God it is just one reporter and a cameraman so far.
“Mr. Barringer, when did you decide to get jungle fever?” the bold reporter says with a chuckle.
I clench my jaws tight as I try to control my temper. I don’t want to let Noelle see me lose control, but I won’t let anyone disrespect the woman I love by reducing what we just shared to mere rubbish.
Noelle gasps loudly and stiffens at my side. I have had enough of this reporter, and I will not allow him to demean what Noelle and I mean to each other any further. 
I can see Charles moving the limo closer to us. He puts the vehicle in park and trots over. 
“Get Noelle inside the limo, Charles. I have to handle this reporter.”
“Yes sir, Mr. Barringer.”
I let go of Noelle’s hand and urge her towards Charles. Once she is inside the safety of the limo, I turn my attention to the sleazy, tabloid reporter who is out to make a buck. I glare at him in anger before I knock the tape recorder out of his hand and stomp it with my booted feet.
I jerk him by his collar and lift him off of his feet. “Don’t you ever disrespect the woman I love. You got that?” I growl out between clenched teeth as I fight to get my temper under control.
The journalist’s face turns red as I release him. He stumbles and almost falls down before he rights himself. I turn towards the cameraman and stalk towards him with intent. The cameraman outweighs me by maybe a good sixty pounds, but I have the advantage of height and quickness. Plus, my anger sends adrenaline through my blood. 
“Turn the damn camera off,” I growl to the cameraman as I come face to face with the short, burly man. 
The nervous looking cameraman seems to back off quickly and shuts the camera off. “I am your number one fan, Mr. Barringer, and I am just doing my job,” he says nervously when my expression doesn’t change. “I will be in the van,” he says to his partner as he high-tails it out of there, leaving the furious reporter behind.
“That was uncalled for. You will hear from my lawyer, Beau Barringer,” the reporter continues to fume as he sputters with indignation.
“Yeah…yeah,” I say before reaching into my back pocket to remove my leather wallet. I grab five large bills and drop five hundred dollars in cash at the reporter’s feet. “In the meantime, buy yourself another recorder, but stay far away from me and my woman. You got that, buster?” I say to him so there will be no more misunderstandings, before walking off to join Noelle and Charles in the limousine.
“Sir, I thought you were going to punch that reporter good. I haven’t seen you this angry in a long time,” Charles says as he navigates into the busy evening traffic.
“Are you alright?” I question a flustered Noelle.
“I am fine,” she replies softly. “Today makes me realize that reporters will be following you everywhere just because of who you are. When we are alone, everything seems so normal. How do you live like this without any sort of privacy?” 
“It was hard at first, but I got used to it. But what I will never get used to is obnoxious reporters like the one we just ran into.” I reach across the leather seat to enclose her hand in mine.
Noelle looks down at our intertwined fingers and sighs. My heart plummets because I feel she is thinking too hard. She finally looks back at my face, and a sad look enters her golden eyes.
“Don’t say it. I don’t want to hear whatever doubts you have about us,” I warn her with a sinking heart. I feel what she is going to say before she even says it.
“Beau, please don’t take this the wrong way. I just want you to think about what I am going to say. I am pregnant with another man’s child. We seem to forget that fact when we get caught up in our little universe. I will start to show pretty soon, and I don’t want to worry about a reporter popping out of the bushes every time we are together…I think we should end things now before I get hurt in the cross fire of your lifestyle. I have to concentrate on having a healthy baby and being the best mother I can be.”
I reach over and unbuckle Noelle’s seatbelt to pull her into my lap. I hold her tight and squeeze her like I never want to let her go. “I don’t give a damn if you are pregnant by another man. You are my woman now, and I don’t ever want to hear you talk that way again. This baby,” I say as I place my hand across her stomach, ”is a part of you. Therefore, I will love your baby and be there for you and your baby because I love you. Do you hear what I am saying to you?” I add vehemently. 
Tears form in the corner of Noelle’s eyes and leak down her cheeks. I kiss away each of her warm, salty tears with my lips. I am who I am by profession, but this part of me,” I say as I place her hand over my rapidly beating heart, “belongs solely to you. I am not going anywhere, so never try and push me away again. You got that, sweetheart?”
Noelle stays quiet for a moment as her eyes search mine deeply. I implore her with my eyes and with my soul to agree. I can’t walk away from my angel, and I can’t let her walk away from me. After an intense moment, she finally speaks.
“I got it,” she replies as she gives me a watery smile. “I love you, Beau Barringer. Things happened so fast, but I really do love you.”
My heart soars at Noelle’s declaration. I capture her lips beneath my own as my heart rejoices at our new-found love for one another. Now that she has finally agreed to be mine, my soul sings and wars no more.


Chapter 11

Noelle

Mr. Turkey

There is no turkey with gravy and cranberry sauce for me. I sit in front of the television set with a big bowl of popcorn and a mug of steaming hot chocolate as my eyes focus on A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving. I am missing Beau so badly right now. He promised me that he would come to me as soon as he made it back in town after his last night of performing, which was tonight in another city.
My cell phone rings and brings me out of my musings of Beau. I look at the caller I.D. and smile as Shelby’s picture pops up on the screen.
“Hey, Shelby. Happy Thanksgiving,” I say into the receiver of my phone.
“Happy Thanksgiving, love,” she replies excitedly into the phone. I can hear noise in the background and the distinctive sound of Erick’s voice.
“Erick says Happy Thanksgiving too. He also says that you should have come with us instead of staying by yourself on a holiday that’s meant to be spent with friends and family.”
I grimace slightly at Erick’s words as I think of my mother and father. Both of them have other families now, so I know I won’t be missed at either of their homes. My mother and stepfather are probably on some far away trip, and my father is more than likely enthralled by his wife and the family they have made together.  
“Tell Erick that I wish him the same, and tell him I appreciate him inviting me to spend the holiday with his family, but I am feeling kind of drained and need to catch up on my rest.” I didn’t dare tell Shelby that I didn’t want to feel like a third wheel.
“Well, in any case,” Shelby sighs aloud because she knows me like the back of her hand. She doesn’t call me out though as she conveniently changes the subject, “have you heard from your gorgeous rock star today?”
“Hey, I hear you,” Erick says aloud to Shelby in the background.
“Cool it, babe. You know you have no worries. I have eyes only for you, my darling,” Shelby coo’s to pacify Erick.
I laugh aloud at Shelby and Erick. They are so cute together, and I see first-hand how much they love each other.
“You two are adorable.”
“You and Beau are just as adorable, if not more so,” Shelby sighs again into the telephone. “I can’t get out of my head how he carried you away after you fainted,” she giggles.
I join Shelby in laughter. “You know what I can’t get out of my head?”
“What?”
“I keep seeing you ready to battle Beau if he didn’t put me down. It took his security guards to hold you at bay, or you would have beat him to a pulp. The headlines would have read, ‘Little Shelby Munroe takes down the big bad wolf, Beau Barringer,’” I laugh uncontrollably at the thought.
“Humph,” you are damn right. No one takes advantage of my Noelle.”
“Now, get off of this telephone, and go enjoy Erick and his family,” I say, sobering up.
“First, tell me what you are eating for dinner,” she says with suspension in her voice.
I look down at the bowl of popcorn in my lap and the half-filled mug of hot chocolate and smirk. “I will grab me something in a bit. I may order a pepperoni pizza a little later.” 
“Shame on you. You have to eat better for my goddaughter or godson. You should have come with us. If I wasn’t two hours away, I would come and haul your ass here,” she huffs.
“I can hear Erick calling you to dinner. We will talk when you come home on Sunday. I’m going to miss going shopping with you on Black Friday tomorrow, though.”
“Me too, but we will make up for it next weekend. I promise,” she says before ending the call.
I look at the television screen and watch the credits roll across. I have missed the ending of A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving. My stomach grumbles loudly, and I pick up the bowl of popcorn when my doorbell suddenly chimes. I untuck my legs from the sofa and place the bowl of popcorn on the table in front of me before walking to the door.
I see a tall woman, with a dark complexion dressed in chef’s apparel, loaded down with bags in her hands. I apprehensively open the door to confront this stranger.
“Hello, you must be Miss Noelle Winter’s?” asks the woman with a friendly voice.
“Yes,” I respond, wondering why she is at my door.
“I am Chef Sandra Ramsey. Mr. Beau Barringer arranged for my services today to fix you a personal Thanksgiving feast. He must really love you considering the amount he paid me to do this of all days,” she says bluntly. “May I come in?” She holds up her bags.
My cell phone begins to ring again. I stand back to allow Chef Sandra in. “Of course, come on in,” I say and close the door behind her.
“The kitchen is through those doors,” I point her in the direction of my small kitchen as I run over to answer my cell phone.
“Hello,” I say in a rushed voice without checking to see whose calling.
“Hey, baby,” Beau’s baritone voice speaks through the phone’s receiver, sending chills down my spine.
“Beau!” I gasp in surprise. 
“Has your surprise arrived yet?
“I can’t believe you did something so extravagant. No one has ever done anything this grand for me before,” I say, still in shock.
“I wanted to do something special for you since I can’t be there with you for our first official holiday as a couple.”
I still can’t get use to the idea that Beau and I are a couple. I pinch myself sometimes to make sure I am not dreaming. 
“I miss you, sweetheart,” Beau says. His voice brings me out of my musings.
“I miss you too,” I say softly.
“How much do you miss me, Noelle?”
“I miss you more than you will ever know. I was sitting here feeling sorry for myself, and then I hear your voice. I am no longer feeling so alone now,” I admit.
“Damn, baby. I hate that I am so far away from you. Tell me what I can do to make it better.”
“You calling me and you sending Chef Sandra here is more than enough. I still can’t help but wish that you were here in the flesh,” I say, twisting a soft curl around my finger tip.
“You make me want to ditch my responsibilities and high jack a flight out of here tonight. Just ask me and I will do it for you. All you have to do is give me the word.”
“Would you really do that for me?”
“In a heartbeat, baby. I will do anything for you and that’s a promise.”
I can feel tears in my eyes. Happy tears of the love that I feel from Beau. Happy tears of the love that I feel from him. I can smell the delicious smells of Thanksgiving permeating throughout my apartment as the aromas seep through from the kitchen.
“Come back to me safe and in one piece, my rock star.”
“Always, my angel. Always,” Beau replies. “I really need to get a move on, even though I don’t want to let you go. Throw me a kiss.”
“Muah.” I blow him a kiss through the receiver of the cell phone.
“Mmm, so sweet,” Beau says in a gruff voice. “Enjoy your meal, sweetheart.”
“I will, and I will think of you with every bite,” I promise before ending the call.
The herb-roasted turkey breast with apple cider gravy; the cornbread stuffing; the bacon-wrapped green beans sprinkled with crispy fried onions; and the mini, buttermilk, chocolate tarts composed one of the most scrumptious meals I have ever eaten. With every bite of the delicious morsels, I think of Beau.
I thank Chef Sandra for preparing my meal before she takes her leave. I note that she even leaves the kitchen spotless. A smile plants itself on my mouth for the rest of the evening and into the night.
I walk into the bathroom and rush through my shower because I can hardly keep my eyes open. I yawn deeply as I slip a night gown over my head before sliding between the sheets of my bed. I wonder if Beau is still on stage performing. If so, I know he is bringing much delight to his many fans. I stifle another yawn before I drift off to sleep, with Beau settled deep within my thoughts and in my heart. 


Chapter 12

Noelle

Bah, Humbug

It’s Black Friday, and a mob of people run around snatching items off of shelves like there is no tomorrow. It is only one day after Thanksgiving, and it has already been forgotten, along with the leftover stuffing. I should have come out earlier instead of waiting until noon to get some shopping done. Then again, maybe it wouldn’t have made a difference from the look of things.
The Christmas music follows me from store to store. Christmas trees are fully displayed with beautiful lights, and garlands are strung up in great supply, making the shopping mall one gigantic winter wonderland scene. Someone bumps into me, which causes me to bump into someone else.
“Excuse me.” The words barely past my lips before the woman in front of me turns to glare in my direction.
“Watch where you are going,” she says in a not-so-friendly tone.
“It wasn’t my fault, ma’am. Someone pushed me into you,” I reply looking behind me, but whoever pushed me is long gone.
The mean lady peers over my shoulder and gives me a pinched-face expression. I glare back at her before she rolls her eyes and marches onward without saying another word. “Scrooge!” I say to her back but not loud enough for her to hear me.
I shrug off the attitude from the disgruntled shopper and continue to peruse the items throughout the stores. Hmm, shall I get a live tree this year? I ponder the question in my head before walking towards Shelby’s and my favorite shoe store. Well, one of our favorite shoe stores. 
Now why did I come out in this mess?  I guess I just needed to get out and do something to keep from missing Beau. I silently answer my own question truthfully.
Maybe I will stop by my favorite Chinese restaurant and get me an order of egg rolls and some egg drop soup to go with it when I finish shopping. I wait my turn in line to pay for this pair of boots that Shelby was admiring the last time we were together. I want to get them for her Christmas gift, along with her favorite fragrance.
I have absolutely no idea what I will get Beau for Christmas. I smile from the inside out every time I think of Beau. I feel like a high school girl with her first crush. After paying for my purchases, I stop off at a maternity department store called Mommy’s Maternity. I need to get a starter set of maternity clothes so I can get prepared for my changing body shape.
My hand splays over my belly as I think about the tiny life growing inside of me, as I take the escalator to the second level in the mall. My stomach grumbles aloud. I look at the time on my thin, wristband watch. It is almost three thirty in the afternoon and a whole seven hours since I ate breakfast.
I am starving, but I join a group of people watching skaters that are skating on an ice rink located in the center of the second level. I smile as a figure in a white polar bear suit spins around with one leg high in the air. 
There are other people dressed up as cartoon characters, bringing the animated characters alive for the kids. I walk closer to the skating rink to get a better look at the performance. I smile and lose myself in the show until someone bumps into me again from behind.
A familiar voice apologizes instantly. My spine stiffens before I turn around and look up into the face of my ex-boyfriend, Victor Wallace. Victor looks down at me with a surprised expression of his own before he quickly looks around, as if he is searching for someone. He looks at me again without saying another word. There is a funny-looking expression on his face that I can’t quite figure out.
“Hey, honey.” A woman comes up to stand beside Victor with a little boy, around one year old, in her arms.  “Here, Victor. Take V.J. He is getting heavy. I told you we should have brought his stroller in,” she says.
My eyes go from Victor to this beautiful woman, who seems to be older than he is. It takes her a minute to notice me watching her. Victor reaches for V.J., who willingly goes to him. 
“Dada,” says the little boy, who I now see is a replica of Victor, all the way up to his curly hair.
“Did I interrupt something?” The woman asks, looking between Victor and me.
“No, not at all,” Victor replies as he tries to take control of the awkward moment.
My emotions begin to boil over as I try to comprehend the couple before me with the small child that looks so much like my ex-boyfriend. I hope my eyes are playing tricks on me, but I know they are not when the appalling truth is hitting me smack-dab in my face.
“Samantha, this is Noelle Winters, an old friend. Noelle, this is Samantha Lambert…my girlfriend,” he says slowly.
“Your girlfriend,” I say in shock as I feel my cheeks begin to flush. “How long have you and Samantha been dating?” I inquire as I feel sudden anger build up inside my entire body. I can feel my fingernails digging into the palm of my hand as I grip the shopping bags a little too tightly.
“We have been together off and on for a little over a year, right honey?” Samantha looks at Victor for confirmation.
Victor looks like he would willingly sink down into the earth if it would open up and swallow him whole. He looks at me with pleading eyes, as if begging me not to bring up our past. I cannot believe that he has reduced the years we have shared down to me being an “old friend.” I can’t even wrap my brain around why he is acting this way and why he is disregarding the fact that I may, or may not, still be pregnant with his unwanted baby.
“I see,” I finally say before Victor shuts me up by speaking to his girlfriend.
“Sammy, will you take V.J. to get pictures with Santa Claus? I will be over to join you in a few minutes,” he promises.
“It was nice to meet you, Noelle,” Samantha reaches for V.J. again and takes off to go do Victor’s bidding.
I watch a shapely Samantha walk away, without returning her sentiment, with their son in her arms. I finally turn towards Victor with anger as well as hurt brimming from my eyes.
“Before you say anything, I can explain,” Victor says in a hurry.
I look up into the face of my boyfriend since college and wonder why I never figured him for a sleaze-ball before now. Here I am, a twenty-five-year-old woman, and I was deceived by his philandering ways. How could I be so stupid?
“Is she the reason you asked me to get an abortion?” I ask, getting straight to the only point that really matters.
Victor can’t hold my gaze as he looks down at the floor and begins to fidget.
“Answer me, Victor. I deserve at least that much.” I breathe in deeply as I try to fight back the pressure building behind my eyelids. I’ll be damned if I let one tear fall in front of Victor’s cheating ass.
“Noelle, my situation with Samantha is very complicated. She is married but has filed for a divorce. Since I met her, her marriage has had nothing but problems. She works with me at Mead Biotech, and we started out as friends. I felt sorry for her, and I was just a friend, someone she could tell her problems to. We grew closer, and we only slept together that one time in the beginning…I promise you,” he stresses as he tries to appeal to my senses.
“Victor, how you two got together is irrelevant to me at the moment. You still haven’t answered my question. Is Samantha the reason you want me to have an abortion?” I ground out between clenched teeth. Victor’s answer means everything to me. His answer will tell me how I will proceed with our, or should I say my, baby’s future.
Victor lets out a harsh breath as he looks into my eyes. His handsome face and his muscular physique no longer appeal to me. He is no longer the man I thought he was. He is weak, and I don’t have any respect for this man who I thought was my friend and boyfriend.
“Yes, Samantha and Victor Jr. are a big part of it. I love you, Noelle, but I am no longer in love with you like I used to be. When Samantha told me she was pregnant, something shifted inside of me. The feelings I used to have for you shifted to her. I don’t mean to hurt you Noelle, and none of this is your fault. All of the blame lies with me where it belongs.” 
“Why didn’t you tell me any of this before? Why did you string me along for almost a year after you found out she was pregnant? You are as wrong as two left shoes for the way you’ve handled this, and on top of that, you introduced me as an ‘old friend.’ How dare you, Victor?” I point a finger at his chest with each word.
He puts my hand in his. ”I am sorry. I don’t know what else I can say. I was, and I am, wrong. You deserve so much better than this fucked up situation.”
“You agreeing with me doesn’t make it any better. You admitting to loving someone else doesn’t make it any better either.”
I so wish Beau was here so I could talk things over with him. I need his strength to settle the emotions that are running like wildfire deep in my soul. The festive feelings and delight of the holiday season have dimmed and leave me feeling dull as well as lifeless.
Victor still holds my hand in his. I tug it away angrily. I look up at him again with disgust in my eyes. He is no longer my friend or my boyfriend but a stranger left in the shell of a human body that I once loved and centered my world around. Wasted years…Good riddance too.
“Go to your girlfriend and child, Victor. I wish you well,” I dig down deep to get those words out.
“What about the baby?” he asks as he looks down at me with uncertainty in his eyes.
I note that he doesn’t say our baby. He says, “the baby” like it is a thing and not flesh and blood.
“My baby and I will be just fine. You don’t have to worry about a thing, just go on with your life and forget we ever met or shared a past,” I instruct him.
I can see the relief spread across Victor’s once handsome face. It is strange how something I once saw beauty in can change right before my very eyes. I can no longer stand to be in Victor’s sight.
“If after the baby is born you need me to sign any papers giving up my legal right, I am down with that,” he says. “Just let me know. I still have the same cell number.”
Victor just goes down another notch in the respect department. Then again, he has made it easier for me to never have him in my life again.
“That’s great,” I finally mutter in a sad voice. “Goodbye,” I say, turning quickly away to save face.
I don’t want him to see the lone tear that falls from my left eye. It doesn’t matter how hard I try, the tear forces its way out anyway. I have lost all appetite for the Chinese food I craved earlier. All I want to do is to get out of this busy mall in one piece before this dam of tears bursts.
“Noelle,” Victor calls out as I walk away.
I don’t dare turn around. I keep walking with a straight spine and my head held high. That is until I made it inside my car. Now I am sitting here with tears streaming down my cheeks like a waterfall. I cry not for me but for my innocent, un-born child. I cry because his or her sperm donor doesn’t want any part of his her life, just like my parents don’t want any part of mine.
“You will never be a burden on me, little one,” I speak aloud to my baby as my hands rest protectively across my stomach. “I am going to be the best mother that I know how to be, and I will love you more than anyone ever can,” I add before wiping my tears away.
I reach inside of my handbag for a tissue and clean my nose as well. I breathe in deeply and draw on unknown strength with each breath that I take as I get my emotions under control. Turning the key in the ignition and merging into the late afternoon traffic, I drive towards the safe haven of my home.


Chapter 13

Noelle

If Only in My Dreams

Victor enters my dreams like an unwanted, explosive rush. My dream is filled with a kaleidoscope of colors. I can see Victor and his new woman with their new child. They seem to be a happy family without a care in the world.
They are building a snowman as snow falls around them. They are unaware that I watch them from afar. I watch how Victor dotes on his little look-alike, V.J. He treats him like a proud father should. My baby takes this moment to kick inside my womb to make his or her presence felt.
My hands instantly cup my swollen belly, which is stretched to its limit, beneath my maternity shirt. I feel sorely alone as I watch Victor, happy with his new family. I feel alone and desolate where I stand with the snow falling all around me. I shudder from the cold as their jolly laughter reaches my ears like the melodious music of the Christmas season.
This winter day is as familiar to me as the day when my dad walked away from my mother and me to begin a new family with a more glamorous and youthful version of my mom. This frigid winter’s day reminds me when my mother allowed my stepfather to enter our lives, and I became a virtual stranger in my own home.
Now here I am on the outside looking in, like my many unwanted memories of yesterday. “My love will be enough,” I whisper into the coldness of the day. I watch as whispers of vapor stream from my lips only to evaporate like mist. “I will never allow you to doubt my love for you,” I mutter inwardly as I send loving, telepathic thoughts to the safe haven of my womb.
Suddenly, I feel strong arms encircle my thick waistline from behind. The coldness that once cloaked me and penetrated to my bones fades immediately as it is replaced by warm, fuzzy feelings, similar to hot chocolate seasoned with peppermint with a dollop of whipped cream sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. The coldness evaporates. I am left all toasty in its stead.
“You are far from alone,” the gruff, baritone voice whispers in my ear. “You and your little one have me,” the sexy, warm voice reiterates.
I look over my shoulder and up into Beau’s alluring, smoky gaze of assurance. His eyes are filled with the promise of truth and love. A smile blossoms on my full, thick lips with hesitancy, like rose petals blooming with radiance under the rays of the sun.
Beau is like the beauty of the sun in my moments of desolation. With his embrace, he fills up my void with love, kindness, and strength. He is like my shelter, shielding me and my baby from uncertain lonesomeness and an uncertain future of sadness.
Beau’s head bends slowly but with expectancy. Our lips meet and all else is forgotten. The laughter from Victor and his family fades away into nothingness. I am left in an intimate embrace as he weaves his dominance into my presence that excludes everyone and everything. His lips lay claim, and he seals his promises with a deeper kiss as our tongues entwine and swirl sweetly with one another. A humming sound begins in my ears… 
Wait. The humming sound that penetrates my dream is actually the doorbell pulling me from the beauty of my dream and Beau’s kiss that feels so real. I force myself awake from my drug-like state. My eyes peer at the glowing light coming from my alarm clock by my bedside. I note the time is a little past one in the morning.
I arise slowly from the bed; I stretch with my arms high over my head and stifle a yawn before flipping on the light switch. I walk to my front door with sleep still holding me within its grasp. I yank the door open, without thought of checking to see who is on the other side.


Chapter 14

Beau

Mistletoe

It’s been two whole weeks since I have seen Noelle face to face. Talking to her on the telephone almost every day is not the same thing as holding her supple body in my arms or kissing her sweet, thick lips…kissing both sets of her sweet lips. I can’t stop thinking of Noelle as I head out to her apartment straight from the airport.
It’s early, a little after one in the morning, but I must see her. I must take in the beauty of the woman I love. I missed her so. When I reach her apartment, I ring her doorbell with the impatience of a lover who is ready to be inside the warmth of his woman once again.
I am surprised when she opens the door without finding out who is standing on the other side. I could be a serial killer or a rapist for all Noelle knows. I take in her natural beauty as she sleepily rubs her eyes before she looks up at me.
Her expression changes to one of instant surprise as she jumps into my arms and wraps her arms around my neck. I am happy to see her, and I am ecstatic that she is just as happy to see me, but I must reprimand her for opening the door as she did.
I carry her inside. She is still clinging to me as I kick the front door shut with my booted foot. I make a beeline for her sofa before sitting down with her still in my arms. Noelle is now in a straddling position across my lap. I note how her frilly, short, cotton gown has risen up above her thighs. I instantly harden beneath my jeans.
“When did you arrive back into town? I had no idea it was you ringing my doorbell at this time of the morning,” she admits. Noelle finally releases the tight grip around my neck to peer into my eyes.
I drink in Noelle’s angelic face and the brandy sweetness from her brown eyes. Her lips look soft and kissable, but I must speak with her about her carelessness before I allow myself to sample the sweetness from her honeydew lips.
“Why didn’t you check to see it was me? Didn’t you peer through the peephole to see who I was before opening your door?”
Noelle looks at me sheepishly before she softly replies.
“No, but…”
“Don’t ever do that again,” I say to her with a gentle chiding in my voice.
“Don’t ever do what?” she asks me with a smile on her lips. She is playing dumb towards my reprimanding.
I must stay on track and focus, lest the sweetness from her lips pulls me into its rapture. I clear my throat to bring myself under control.
“Don’t ever open your door before checking to see who it is on the other side first.” 
“I know what you meant, silly,” she finally says as she squirms in my lap.
“I am serious, Noelle. It is dangerous out here, and you need to be more careful.” 
“I promise to be more careful in the future,” she sighs. “But you are the one to blame for my forgetfulness. You woke me from a dream of you kissing me,” she says with a heated look in her eyes.
“Did you, now? Show me how I was kissing you in this dream of yours.”
Noelle wastes no time and presses her soft lips to my own. My mouth instantly opens to receive the sweetness of her mouth. My tongue captures hers and sucks it in. Her mouth is just as sweet as I remembered. The moist heat from her mouth radiates straight to my dick as it lengthens beneath my jeans.
The heat that I feel between Noelle’s thighs radiates through me with a raging need for me to reacquaint myself with her body.
Noelle’s hands stroke across the broadness of my shoulders and the soft leather of my bomber jacket.
“Take this off,” she says against my lips.
I allow her to help divest me of my leather jacket before I stand with her in my arms. She directs me to her bedroom. I take note of her bed and deliberately stride towards it. I place Noelle upon her unmade bed. Our glances never waver from each other as she watches me relieve myself of my clothing and boots.
“I missed you more than you will ever know, sweetheart,” I say to her as I join her on the bed.
“I missed you too. The phone calls in between only made me miss you more.”
“How is the little one doing?” I ask her as I lift her frilly, cotton gown over her head to reveal the scrumptiousness of her body.
“The baby is fine. The doctor says we are both doing great.”
“Has the doctor given you any restrictions?” I ask her because I am concerned about her well-being and the health of her baby. 
“None whatsoever. The doctor stipulates that I get plenty of exercise and eat healthy, nutritious meals.”
I place a soft kiss upon her belly. Her reaction is instantaneous as she brushes her fingers through my hair. I close my eyes for a moment to relish the massage her fingers are giving me. I become infused with the scent of her sweetness as it drifts towards my nostrils. My lips continue to plant soft kisses across her stomach and on her supple thighs.
“Did you really miss me, Beau? Even in the light of all your groupies and fans?” she asks with uncertainty tinged in her voice.
I peer up at her, and my heart swells even more with love for this woman. Doesn’t she know that I have eyes for no one besides her? All other women fizzle out like a flat soda when it comes to her.
“Other women mean nothing to me. I wouldn’t have been able to say that before meeting you. I had no reason to mean it until now,” I try to express this to her as best I can, for I need her to believe my heartfelt words. “Do you believe me when I say these words to you? I am not Victor,” I add.
“I know you are not Victor,” A sadness enters her eyes when she speaks of him.
My heart plummets for a moment before it rights itself once again. Did she still love Victor? Is that what her look is about? I promise myself I will get to the bottom of whatever is bothering her, but for now, I have a taste for something that only Noelle can satisfy. I vow that I will purge Victor from her mind and any memory of him from her body.
“No more talking,” I growl as I feel a feral need to establish myself deep in her soul.
Noelle bows her head in understanding as the corners of her lips lift in a sexy smile. 
My mouth begins to water when I nudge her thighs apart, and I urge her to lie back on the bed amongst the soft pillows. I reach for one of the pillows to place it beneath her well-rounded ass so I can feast on her honeydew, slick heat.
Noelle complies with my urgings without any protests. It seems she has missed me tasting her sweetness just as much as I have missed tasting her sticky, sweet nectar of delight. The first touch of my tongue to her small bud causes a moan to drift past her lips.
My tongue swipes up and down her sweet heat as I entreat more delicious moans to conjure forth from deep in her throat. Her moans set a fire deep in my soul as I please the woman that I love with my mouth.
Her taste is the equivalent of a love drug, highly addictive but pleasurably so. I worship her pussy as it deserves to be worshipped. My tongue swoops into her cove and scoops the precious jewels from her lubricious, sweet ambrosia. The moist heat of her juices coats my tongue, and I savor the spicy, delectable yumminess of her flavor on my palate.
I can, and will, become a connoisseur of Noelle’s appetizing aroma and taste as she continuously feeds me this addictive flavor. Her moans are becoming louder with each swipe of my tongue, as well as with every gentle nibble of my teeth against her heated, shaven flesh.
If I died sampling Noelle’s snatch right now, I know without a doubt I would die a happy man inhaling and tasting the sweetness of her love haven. Noel wails loudly as I grip her pliable ass in my hands to pull her even closer to my devouring mouth.
Her orgasm gushes rapidly into my waiting mouth. I become drunk off of her confectionary syrupy. My mouth is glossy from her delectable delight as I climb up her malleable body. My lips connect with hers as I force my tongue into her mouth so she can join me in tasting herself on my lips.
Noelle’s body squirms beneath my own as my shaft lies heavily against her thigh. Her thighs spread further apart to accommodate my hardness against her heat.
“I want…I need you so much,” she gasps out as her body trembles from the effects of the gigantic orgasm she just experienced.
My length throbs with need against her heat. I grind against the slickness between her thighs to torture myself just a bit before entering my final destination. 
“When I look at you…I see beauty personified.  You are the embodiment of a naturally, beautiful woman,” I say, taking in her unruly, curly hair that frames her face like a halo. My hands tangle themselves in her hair as my fingers bury themselves in its luster. “I not only need and want you, but I love you with all that is within me, Noelle Winters,” I say to her before slowly entering her heated walls.
She wraps her legs around my waist to imprison me in her being. Unlike a convict in prison walls, I happily become her inmate and she my warden. My girth plunges into her slick heat with precision. 
I play her body like I play my guitar. I fine-tune every nook and cranny of her honey cove to sing in harmony with each thrust of my shaft. A growl embeds itself deep in my throat as I throb inside her, readying myself for a release of my own.
“Cum for me, Noelle,” I order her, switching roles as I become the warden, drawing her into my prison of undeniable pleasure and lust.
On demand, Noelle doesn’t disappoint me as her eyes clash with my own. Her mouth jerks from mine as she gasps and forms a surprised O. 
“I got you, love,” I growl out as I bite back an expletive.
I can feel her walls tighten and spasm around my hardness; she flies apart once again in pleasure as I continue to plunge into her over and over again. 
“I’m cumming, Noelle,” I spit out as I thrust into her for the last time. My seed breaks forth like a dam to splash without control against her walls. She sighs triumphantly beneath me as the last of my spasms dissipate into a pleasurable haze.
I roll over onto my back with us still connected. I brush her hair away from her face to reveal a satisfied but sleepy smile. I pull the covers over our bodies before placing a kiss onto her lips. The long plane ride finally catches up to me as Noelle and I happily drift off to sleep in each other’s arms.


Chapter 15

Noelle

God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen

A week has passed since Beau came home from his tour. We spent our time between my apartment and his getaway house whenever I wasn’t working, and he wasn’t in the studio. Beau and his band are currently putting the sounds together for their upcoming New Year’s album.
Everything has been relatively quiet and idyllic. I haven’t even been spending much time with Shelby, except at work. She is beginning to pout about it, so I promised her that I will attend her Christmas party next weekend, and I will help her go shopping for a spectacular outfit that will knock her boyfriend off of his feet.
“Thank you for coming with me today,” Beau says, drawing me from my reverie as I walk beside him.
“I can’t think of any place I would rather be,” I tell him as the elevator doors open, and we arrive at the children’s ward at St. Catherine’s Hospital for terminally ill children.
“Thank you for coming today, Mr. Barringer,” says a striking woman coming forward with her hand outstretched in greeting.
“No problem,” Beau’s smooth voice sends chills down my spine. I can also see he’s having an effect on this striking-looking woman as well as she eats him up with her roving eyes.
“My name is Greta Malone, and I am head of the activities department her at St. Catherine’s,” she divulges, all but ignoring me as her eyes skim over me and latch back onto Beau.
“Miss Malone, this is Noelle Winters,” Beau says as he notes the beginnings of a frown on my face.
“Nice to meet you, Miss Winters.” Greta gives me a curt nod before returning her attention back to Beau.
Greta Malone’s smile is so wide, I fear her face will crack or her lips will split from her apparent lip injection as she looks up in wonderment at Beau’s handsome face. “If you will follow me, the children are already waiting and excited to meet the great Beau Barringer,” she says with a giddy laugh.
I purse my lips. How unprofessional is that? I roll my eyes as she beckons for us to follow her.
She has an extra sway to her hips as her butt sticks out from her fitted business suit. Her butt is probably inflated from surgery as well. Jealousy overcomes me as I witness the attention she is giving Beau. She even has the audacity to look back at Beau with flirtatious eyes to see if he is checking out the sway of her hips.
“Look, darling,” Beau stops in his tracks and points towards a sprig of mistletoe hanging from a doorway we just entered.
My musings drift away as I look up in the doorway where Beau is pointing. I look back at Beau and notice the twinkling glint of amusement in his eyes before he sweeps me into his arms like Rhett Butler swept Scarlett O’Hara into his arms on the old classic movie Gone with the Wind.
Beau’s lips lock on mine. I gasp as he tilts me back and kisses me hotly, not caring who sees us. My gasp allows his tongue access to my mouth as he swirls his minty tongue against mine. I am breathless by the time he lets me up for air.
My cheeks are flushed as some nurses and a few doctors give Beau a round of applause. I look over Beau’s shoulder to see Greta looking on with a pinched look around her mouth and a hard stare in my direction.
“If the two of you are through putting on a show, you can follow me.”
At least this time she sounds more professional.
Beau gives the audience a wave and a cocky grin as he wraps his free arm around my waist. I feel as if I am walking on cloud nine from Beau’s exhilarating kiss. 
I touch my throbbing lips gently. I can feel the slickness between my thighs that Beau’s kiss caused. His delicious scent surrounds me as we enter the spacious room, where he will be performing for the terminally ill children.
The doors swoosh open as Miss Malone allows us to enter. I notice some parents are seated on the carpeted floor, as well as the children. There are two beautifully decorated Christmas trees in each corner of the wide, expansive room. Garland, with twinkling lights, is strung around the room as well. The room gives off a festive feeling, even with the presence of so many sick children.
My eyes swell up with emotion as I think of my own unborn baby. I say a silent prayer that my baby will be born healthy with no ongoing health problems. Beau is greeted with the excitement and screams of the children. He takes time to look in each of the children’s faces and waves to those that are gathered to see him.
I watch him take a seat on the high stool in the center of the room. He removes his favorite guitar from his old, battered guitar case and straps it across his broad, muscular shoulder. I take a seat on the floor with everyone else and cross my legs in Indian style fashion.
“I am humbly grateful for each of you here today,” Beau’s smooth voice soothes the crowd. “If you know the songs, please feel free to sing along with me. I need all the help I can get.” He looks over at me and gives me a quick wink.
Beau Barringer is too sexy for his own good. My body reacts instantly to his teasing wink. I turn to look at the sweet, happy faces of the children once again. I suddenly feel a little hand on my leg, and I look down at the face of a sweet, little boy whose head is bald. He is probably going through chemotherapy. The little boy appears to be about three or four years old. I give him a smile before I beacon him to climb onto my lap.
The little boy feels as light as a feather in my arms. I settle him in my embrace as the first strums on Beau’s guitar penetrate the room with their beautiful sound. I whisper a prayer for a miracle that each child would be healed before Beau’s rich baritone voice begins to sing. 
I shiver from the sound of his warm, gravelly voice as he sings the Christmas song, “God Rest Ye Merry Gentleman.” Everyone listens intensely to Beau, including me. His soulful voice resonates the spirit of Christmas throughout the room.
This Beau is so different from the rock and roller I saw performing in concert. This Beau is calm as he strums his guitar with surety. He has a gentle smile on his face as he takes in each of the children in the audience. Lastly, his eyes latch onto mine.
I can see the glow of love flowing from his eyes as they rest on me. My respect level and love go up another notch for Beau. I think of how he takes time out of his busy schedule to spend time with these beautiful, sweet, sick children.
I know he will make a wonderful father someday. In this moment of wishful thinking, I wish he was the father of my unborn baby. I wish that this is Beau’s seed growing on the inside of me. My life would be so much better if this were true. Beau’s voice fills me with hope for a wonderful future.


Chapter 16

Beau

The Nutcracker

Noelle looks so beautiful tonight in her clingy, sequined dress that I had specially ordered from Bloomingdales. I wanted to surprise her with a night at the theater.
This being our first official date, I need to make it special for her. Noelle means much more to me than a quick roll in the sack. I need for her to feel it and know it without any lingering doubts about my intentions.
I am getting more attached to her than she realizes, but I must stay in control, lest I scare her away. I didn’t plan on falling this hard or fast, but it happened anyway. I have never felt this way about any woman that I’ve dated in the past. Noelle is the first woman to steal my heart besides my dearest mother.
I look at her across the elegantly, set table that has her face glowing because of the specifically placed candles. She has the most beautiful smile on her face as she looks towards the stage. Her perfectly displayed food, arranged like artwork on the fine china, seems to be forgotten while she is enchanted with the ballet.
I look towards the stage as Act 1 begins. Herr Stahlbaum and his wife are giving a Christmas Party. Clara and Fritz, their children, are greeting the guests. The actors portraying the parents distribute toys to the children. Dr. Drosselmeyer arrives suddenly to entertain the happy children with his magical tricks and wind up dolls.
“Thank you so much for all of this,” Noelle says softly, gaining my immediate attention.
I smile and feel total contentment from making her happy. 
“I remember the first time we met, you said you always wanted to see The Nutcracker as a child. It was in my power to make it happen, so I did it,” I say before reaching across the table to take her hand in mine.
“I will never understand how you got this whole theater just for the two of us.”
I bring her hand to my lips and brush a kiss on the palm of her hand before replying.
“Never doubt my abilities to make things happen. When it comes to making you happy, this is all the incentive I need.”
I am not trying to be cocky or arrogant, but I am just stating the facts. My sole purpose is to make Noelle happy and to make her forget the sadness and loneliness she felt as a child growing up. How parents could throw away a relationship with a daughter as beautiful and intelligent as the young woman sitting before me is far beyond my thought pattern. And how could Victor throw away a chance at co-parenting a child with her is also beyond my reach of thinking. Their loss is my gain. That’s one thing I know without any doubts whatsoever.
Noelle blushes as I look at her with intensity exuding from my eyes. After tasting and seeing every inch of her body, I can still feel a shyness about her that she takes great pains to hide.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” she finally asks.
“Do you really want to know?” 
“Yes,” she says in a low tone of voice, as I can barely hear her over the music of the Nutcracker.
“I am thinking about stripping you bare and placing you on this table. I am thinking of throwing your succulent brown thighs over my shoulders to feast off your sticky honey.”
I can feel myself hardening beneath my dress slacks as I describe in great detail what I crave to do to my beautiful and sexy Noelle Winters. I can see that I surprise her by the way her mouth sets in a surprised O. I can see also how my words affect her by the hardening of her nipples underneath the sequined silkiness of her dress. My mouth begins to water, and I am sure that my eyes are dilating from my want to lick her nipples and suck them into the warm cavity of my mouth.
“Beau!” Noelle gasps with a sexiness that makes my dick jump and pulsate beneath my slacks.
I chuckle because I am finding pleasure in knowing my little angel is as hot and bothered as I am. What a pleasurable predicament to be in. I adjust myself as my hardness strains uncomfortably against my zipper.
“Maybe we should finish our dinner before it turns cold,” I suggest.
“Oh!” she says before looking down at her plate of untouched food. “I think that’s a great idea. Maybe I better pay attention to the stage as well, considering they are already into their second act,” she surmises with a teasing glint in her eyes. “I don’t want you to think I don’t appreciate your generosity.”
“Point taken, my dear lady,” I say with a smirk before giving the ballet my semi-undivided attention, because there is no way that I will allow myself to not feast on the beauty before my very eyes.
We eat our dinner for a while in silence. I look across at Noelle as she finishes up her meal. She has a crumb stuck to her shimmering, glossed lips. I reach across to wipe it away with the pad of my thumb. Noelle’s eyes instantly clash with my own, her warm brown to my icy, blue.
Fire and ice collide, which causes immediate desire to radiate between us as it creates an inclusive haze of wantonness that surrounds us in its lust-filled web. Noelle opens her sweet mouth to capture my thumb between the warm, velvety softness of her mouth. She sucks on it as she would suck on my cock.
It takes everything in me not to cum on the spot. My cock throbs with a neediness that is hard for me to control. Noelle has that effect on me; she has a tendency to make my emotions spiral out of control every time I am in her presence.
Her tongue circles around my thumb. I growl aloud as I think of plunging into her dripping wet canal of love.  
By the end of act two and several glasses of champagne, sparkling grape juice for Noelle, I am ready to take her home to my bed. I am ready to be inside of her warmth once again and to feel the beat of her heart as it becomes in sync with my own.
“Excuse me, Mr. Barringer, will there be anything else you need for tonight?” asks the head waiter from the catering company that I hired for tonight.
Noelle jumps and pulls her finger from my mouth. She looks guilty at being caught being naughty. I chuckle aloud, but I give Noelle’s hand an encouraging squeeze before replying to the waiter.
“That will be all for tonight, and thank your company for a job well done. There will be something extra for each of you in the payment you receive,” I say, feeling generous.
“Thank you, Mr. Barringer. Enjoy the rest of your night,” the waiter says before disappearing, giving us the privacy I crave.
The last act of the Nutcracker ends. The music swells towards a crescendo as it comes to its conclusion. Noelle begins to stand, and I follow suit as we give the performers a standing ovation. The curtain closes, and my night becomes complete as I take in Noelle’s excitement.
“I am finally in the Christmas spirit,” she says as Charles seats us in the waiting limousine. “I don’t even have a Christmas tree up in my apartment and Christmas day will be soon upon us.”
“That can be easily remedied. I will have a tree sent over first thing tomorrow, and we can decorate it together,” I offer.
She claps her hands in excitement like a small child that’s been handed the most expensive gift.
“You will do that for me?”
“I will do that and more for you, Noelle. Doubt me not,” I reply before pulling her across the heated leather seat into my lap.
I can’t keep my hands to myself as we are enclosed in the warmth of the vehicle. Noelle looks up at the sunroof of the limo. My eyes follow the direction of her gaze.
“It’s snowing again,” she gasps. “The snow looks so beautiful falling down on the sunroof.”
“You know what looks more beautiful to me than anything in this world?” I ask her as I tilt her head so her lips are level with my own lips.
“What?” she answers as her eyes darken even more than they had before.
“You are,” I reply before my lips swoop down to initiate a heart-warming kiss.
Noelle’s mouth opens beneath mine to allow my tongue instant access to mate with her own. I can taste the sweetness from the sparkling grape juice on her tongue, which makes the sweet cavity of her mouth all the sweeter.
My shaft instantly hardens and lengthens beneath Noelle’s soft ass as my dick once again jumps to attention. My hardness is uncomfortably harnessed beneath my black dress slacks. It strains to be set free.
Noelle squirms against my throbbing dick. I suck her bottom lip into my mouth to nibble on her bottom lip. She moans as she strains to get closer to me. My hands roam over her body until they reach the rise of her voluptuous breasts.
Her nipples grow even harder as I flick a finger back and forth against the harden pebbles of her soft breasts. My tongue craves her to be naked so it can flick back and forth across her nipples. My hand travels down to the hem of her dress. 
Her dress has risen up high against her supple thighs. My hand nudges her thighs apart as my wandering fingers seek the heat between them. I slip a finger beneath the silkiness of her panties. I can feel the hotness like a furnace that radiates from between her thighs.
I groan in torture beneath her lips as I twirl my tongue hotly with hers before slipping a finger into her heat. Her nectar instantly coats my finger with its sweet stickiness. She moans louder as my finger plunges into her heated cove.
She grinds her ass against my tortured cock as she strains towards the orgasm that I so want to deliver her. I add another finger to mix with her juices and hook them at an angel to touch her G-spot. I swallow her cries as she falls over the cliff of pleasure.
My fingers are soaked from her love juices. I have found great satisfaction in giving my angel pleasure. My fingers slip from her wet heat, and I bring my fingers to my mouth to lick off her delectable juices. She watches me in fascination as I lick my fingers clean.
“I want to taste you,” she says with fiery desire simmering from her warm, brandy eyes.
My cock jumps against my slacks at the thought of my hardness between Noelle’s plump lips. Noelle looks back at the tinted partition to assure herself we still have privacy in the limousine before sliding from my lap to land on her knees.
I have become speechless as she slowly unzips my slacks and relieves my stiffness from my briefs. Her eyes never leave mine as her pink tongue encircles the engorged head of my penis. My penis looks almost angry with its need to relieve itself.
I lose a sense of control when she slowly begins to lick the base of my shaft and rolls her hot tongue around all its sides. I breathe in deeply and expel my breath as Noelle entrances me in her spell. Her tongue once again slides up the length of my hardened shaft.
Pre-cum seeps forth and slides down my shaft. Noelle’s tongue reaches out and captures it.
“Mmm,” she moans before swallowing the first drops of my cum. “Delicious,” she adds before placing a gentle kiss on my penis head.
Once she takes me all the way into her sweet mouth, my head rears back onto the soft, heated headrest, and my eyes close in pleasure to allow myself to feel the full effects of what Noelle is doing to me. The wetness from her mouth as she bobs her head up and down is driving me insane with desire.
Her hands aren’t idle during the whole process; they add extra friction as she squeezes and twists around my great length. Her hands continuously stroke me in sync to her head movements. My hands find their way to her hair, which she had previously straightened for tonight.
She takes one hand to gently caress and squeeze my heavy balls. My hips gyrate in an up-and-down motion when she touches my extra sensitive balls. Her hands eventually make their way under my shirt to caress my toned six-pack abs.
My eyes fly open as she makes the mmmm humming sound in the back of her throat. My eyes once again clash with hers. The heat from her eyes causes me to throb and pulsate as cum rushes up from my balls, readying itself to spill forth like a rushing tide.
“Stop, Noelle,” I grind out between clenched teeth. “I’m about to cum,” I warn her.
She smiles temptingly, with her mouth still filled to capacity with my sleek, hard steel. She sucks me harder and faster and squeezes my balls more firmly. The sexy way she looks at me and the way I look between her plump lips dashes me over the cliff as my hot seed spills from me into the warm cavity of her sweet mouth.
“Arrgh, fuck…fuck…fuck!” I grind out in a suspended intoxication of pleasure before my naughty little Noelle drains me dry.
My breathing is erratic, and my heart is drumming in my ears as I try to bring myself under control. Noelle has made me as weak as a noodle. She kisses the head of my now semi-hard cock before tucking it back inside my briefs and zipping my slacks.
I pull her up beside me and hold her tightly to my chest and rapidly beating heart.
“You know that you are never getting rid of me, right?” I mummer against the top of her head.
“Good,” she says softly as she snuggles more deeply into my arms.
My heart beats even faster with unrestrained joy knowing Noelle wants me in her life as much as I need her in mine. Even with the many fans and the glitz of the limelight, Noelle is the only thing that brings true beauty to my life. Before Noelle, I thought I had everything I could ever dream of. Since Noelle has entered my life, I see what I have been missing all along.


Chapter 17

Noelle

Love Is in the Air

“Look at that goofy grin on your face,” Shelby says, walking up to my desk to snatch a Christmas cookie from the jar of cookies I baked last night to share with my co-workers.
“I do not have a goofy grin on my face,” I vehemently deny.
Just before my best friend Shelby walked up to my desk, my thoughts were filled with intimate thoughts of Beau. That man sure knew how to turn my body inside out just by looking at me with one heat-filled gaze.
“Yes, you do,” she says before reaching for another decorated Christmas cookie from the glass jar.
I slap her hand away from the cookie jar but not before she has her cookie in hand.
“Don’t eat anymore cookies, or you will ruin your lunch,” I scold her like a small child.
“Good practice,” she says with a teasing grin. “Keep that tone of voice for your baby when it reaches its terrible twos and you will make a great mommy.”
I look at my blond-headed friend and shake my head at her before I return her grin.
“We aren’t eating in the cafeteria today,” she says. “We only have about ten more work days before the building shuts down for the holidays, and it can’t come soon enough for me,” Shelby expels with a sigh.
“Me either,” I agree. “Where do you want to go for lunch? Keep in mind, we only have an hour for lunch, and we don’t need to go anywhere too crowded.”
“We can go to that little deli around the corner from here. That way, we can walk and enjoy the Christmas decorations,” she replies with glee in her voice.
“That’s a great idea, and I could use a little exercise anyway.”
Shelby continues to sit on the edge of my desk and banter away. Her voice begins to fade to the background as I remember the way Beau made love to me on more than one occasion. I can still feel the imprint of his stiffness on the inside of me as I recall how he plunges deep inside my core. The images are vivid as a feel wetness gather beneath my panties.
I can actually conjure up the feeling of how he feels as he thrusts into me over and over again, as he satiates my pleasure. I can feel a silly grin spread across my lips as I remember him growling into my ear. ”Cum for me, Noelle.” 
The way he growls my name caused me to instantly spill forth cum and coat his hardness with my essence.
“Earth to Noelle,” Shelby’s voice finally penetrates through the lusty haze of my brain.
She is snapping her fingers across my face to gain my attention.
“Girl, just as I thought. You have it bad,” she says with a giggle.
I blink my eyes to clear away the illicit thoughts and grin because I know my friend has me pegged dead to rights.
“You are right, Shelby. I am so far gone when it comes to Beau. What am I going to do about it?”
“What do you mean what are you going to do? You are going to relax and let nature take its course. Plus, you are going to fuck the shit out of his fine ass like you’ve been doing,” she adds with a knowing look in her eyes.
“Shelby!” I gasp.
“Don’t Shelby me. You know that’s what you were just thinking about anyway. I think about Erick’s fine ass the same way,” she admits and a blush stains both of her cheeks.
A serious look overcomes my face as I look off into space.
“Don’t overthink things, Noelle,” Shelby advises.
“But what if we don’t work out? I am far from the glamorous type and so different from the women Beau has dated in the past. What do I do when he grows tired of me, or what about when my pregnancy starts to show? I will gain weight and become fat, maybe even unappealing in his eyes. What then?” I ask, giving in to my doubts and fears once again.
“Stop it, Noelle. Don’t find problems where there aren’t any. Beau Barringer may be a rock star, but he is unlike any performer I have ever met. He is down-to-earth and very humble. Remember when he chose you, he didn’t choose you blindly. He knew what he was getting into from the very beginning,” she says, referring to me being pregnant with another man’s baby.
“I guess you are right.”
“There is no guessing or speculating about it. I speak the truth,” she adds with certainty in her voice. “So stop doubting and be confident in building your relationship with Beau.”
“You are right,” I say, feeling my heart expand with the love I feel for Beau Barringer. “I am truly in love with him. The love I thought I had for Victor in the past doesn’t compare to what I feel for Beau. I now know the difference between infatuation and true love.”
“I am happy for you. You deserve all of the happiness that life can offer you. I never did admit it to you, but I never really liked Victor anyway. I only went along with him for your sake,” she admits.
“I never knew you didn’t like him. You should have told me. Maybe you could have opened my eyes to see what you saw.”
“I knew he would eventually reveal his true self to you in time if I was right about him. I didn’t know for sure why I didn’t like him, but there was always something about him that rubbed me the wrong way.”
“Victor has another child,” I say to Shelby bluntly before I change my mind about telling her.
I had been holding this secret inside myself because I felt deceived and let down about Victor wanting me to have an abortion.
Shelby’s eyes widen in surprise and she gasps aloud.
“What? How do you know this?” she asks as her surprised look instantly turns into a frown.
“I saw him and this woman with a child a few weeks ago on Black Friday at the mall. You and Erick were out of town visiting his parents over the Thanksgiving holiday.”
Shelby gives me a disappointed look. I cringe on the inside because Shelby and I never keep secrets from one another. She is more than a friend to me and more like a sister. It doesn’t matter that we are of a different race, the love and bond that we have shared over the years deems us sisters nonetheless.
“Please don’t be mad that I didn’t tell you.”
“I am not mad…a little disappointed maybe, but I’m far from being mad. Why did you wait so long to tell me this?”
Tears appear in my eyes, and I look away.
I feel Shelby’s hand on my chin as she turns my head to meet her stare. 
“Don’t look away like you have something to be ashamed of. Now, tell me why it has taken you this long to confide in me.”
“I am ashamed,” I admit. “I don’t want to feel ashamed, but I am. Victor wanted me to abort our child, and then I found out he already has a child by this older woman, who was married at some point. Victor says she was his co-worker, and she was having problems with her husband. He says he only slept with her one time before she became pregnant. Her husband left her because of it,” I say all of this in a rush as a salty tear leaks from the corner of my eye.
I take the back of my hand to quickly dash the tear away because I am so through with crying over a man who could care less for me or his unborn child.
“I am so sorry.” Shelby slides off my desk and comes around to kneel beside my chair to embrace me in her thin arms.
“Guess what their little boy’s name is?” I say into the fragrant scent of Shelby’s hair.
“What?” She pulls away from our embrace to peer into my dewy, brown eyes.
“His name is Victor Jr., but they call him V.J. for short. He is the cutest, little, chubby-faced boy. I guess he is one-year-old,” I say with a whimsical sigh.
“That bastard has kept this child a secret for this long?” she asks in an angry voice. “Victor is as low as low can get. He should have told you about his mess up sooner. I can’t imagine how you felt when you saw them together like that. Again, I am so sorry because you have endured so much growing up.”
“I will be fine…My baby will be fine,” I assure her.
“You are damn right because you have me, Erick, and now Beau. Plus, mom has already hired a designer to design your baby’s nursery. She wanted it to be a surprise for your Christmas gift from her and dad, so don’t tell her I have ruined the surprise,” she says, wiping a tear from my cheek.
“I won’t. I promise.”
“Let’s forget Victor and forget that he is the sperm donor to this sweet, little baby you carry,” Shelby says, placing her hand over my now slightly rounded stomach.
“I’m up for that,” I say. “He promises to sign the papers giving me all rights to my baby.”
“That is the best thing he can do for you and the baby. I can promise you that this little boy or girl will never have to suffer anything as long as god-mommy is around,” she declares.
My stomach takes that moment to growl aloud. Shelby stands, grasps my hand, and pulls me to my feet. 
“Grab your coat and purse. Your baby is ready to get fed,” she says with a laugh. “I am treating you to lunch.”
I grab my coat and purse and follow Shelby down the hall to her office, where she can get her coat and handbag before we take the elevator down to the first floor and out the building into the cold, winter air.
We make small talk while walking the few blocks to the deli. We admire the festive decorations along the way. Shelby and I drop some money in a large bucket as the Santa for the Salvation Army rings his bell.
My spirits lift with each wintry breath I inhale. I feel so much better since Shelby and I talked. I know that when Victor signs the papers giving up his rights to my baby, it will be the biggest gift I can ask for, now or in the future.


Chapter 18

Beau

Christmas Gift

Just let her sleep, my inner voice tells me as I watch Noelle sleep so peacefully with her head against my chest. She is just as beautiful to me when she is sleeping as she is when she is awake. Her mouth is slightly open, and she snores softly in her sleep. I even find her snoring adorable.
My hand traces the slight roundness of her stomach beneath her night shirt. My heart swells with love for her and her unborn baby. I promise myself that I will be here for Noelle and her little, innocent baby every step of the way.
I realized from the very beginning, when Noelle confided in me about her situation, that she comes as a package deal: To love Noelle will mean I will have to love her baby as well, and I don’t have a problem with this at all.
I want to be in Noelle’s life for the long haul. Noelle means just this much to me, and I hope she realizes it, if not now then in due time. I untangle myself from Noelle’s grasp to ease out of the bed.
We have been spending more and more time out here at my getaway home than in her apartment, especially on the weekends. I take one more look at my sleeping angel before heading to the bathroom to shower.
After my shower, I head downstairs to prepare breakfast for Noelle and me. I prepare cinnamon toast, sausage links, scrambled eggs, and fruit. I pour a glass of cold milk for Noelle and orange juice for myself before putting everything on a tray to take back upstairs so my lovely lady and I can eat breakfast in bed.
I set the tray down on a table before walking over to a still sleeping Noelle. Her pregnancy has been causing her to sleep more lately. I ease my tall frame onto the bed to place a soft kiss onto her pliable lips.
My tongue slowly enters her parted lips as I kiss her awake, intimately. Noelle’s eyes slowly open to stare into mine. I pull back and smile down into her exquisite face.
“I couldn’t help myself,” I say to her. “You look so adorably tempting when you sleep. I couldn’t let the chance past me by without kissing you awake.”
Noelle’s drowsy eyes stare into mine as a smile appears on her lips. Her hand touches my face as she traces my jawline. I capture her hand in mine and bring it to my lips to kiss the palm of her hand before tracing kisses towards her inner wrist.   
“You can wake me up with as many kisses as you like. I will never grow tired of your kisses.”
“And I will never grow tired of your sweet kisses or your delectable body.”
A frown appears on her beautiful face all of a sudden. My hand touches between her brows to smooth her frown away.
“Why are you frowning, my love? I can’t have you frowning on my watch,” I say to her in a serious tone of voice.
“As the months go by, my body will change. How will you feel about me then?” she asks me with uncertainty in her eyes.
“Noelle, do you honestly think I am that shallow to be turned off by the changes that will occur in your body? I can honestly say that I look forward to the changes during your pregnancy. I even look forward to the midnight cravings you will undoubtedly have. I am here for you in every capacity. I am here for you for the long haul,” I say with my hand against her cheek. “Please don’t doubt my intentions towards you or your baby.”
Tears appear in Noelle’s eyes and leak down to her cheeks. I kiss every one away as fast as they fall.
“How did I get so lucky for you to enter into my life when you did?” she asks me with the question in her eyes.
“We are both lucky because I hit the jackpot when you knocked on my door that night your car went in a ditch,” he says with laughter in his voice.
“You were mean and grumpy, and you frightened me a bit.”
“I thought you were a reporter, remember?”
“I remember,” she replies with a smile on her full lips. “I also remember how you gave me a bogus name,” she attempts to glare at me angrily but fails when I suddenly tickle her belly.
Noelle goes into fits of laughter as I continue to tickle her.
“Stop it, Beau,” she finally gasps between giggles. “You tickling me can’t be good for the baby.”
“In that case, I will stop,” I say before capturing her lips in a hot kiss to make up for me tickling her. “It’s time to eat breakfast. I hope it hasn’t gotten cold from you trying to seduce me,” I say to her in a teasing voice.
“Who is trying to seduce who?” she asks sitting up in the bed.
I smirk at her before getting up from the bed to retrieve the food on the tray so we can feast on the breakfast I prepared for us.
“This looks so delicious,” she says, reaching for a piece of fruit in the clear, glass bowl.
I watch the way Noelle pops the piece of fruit into her mouth and chews. She even chews sexy. I see a bit of juice on her lip from the fruit. I bend over and lick the juice from her lips.
“Mmm…delicious,” I groan as my dick instantly hardens.
Noelle’s eyes travel from my face down to my muscular chest and beyond. She smiles when she sees the tented bottoms of my pajamas.
“Feed me this delicious breakfast first, and then I will feed it,” she says, pointing at my hardened state.
“Is that a promise?” I lift a fork to place a bite of scrambled eggs between her lips. 
“I don’t make promises I don’t keep,” she answers me with a heated look in her eyes.
“You are going to be the death of me. Do you know that?”
Noelle laughs aloud as I continue to feed her. I use the same fork to bring a bite of scrambled eggs to my own lips. Noelle watches me. I can see the look of desire that flares instantly in her eyes. She picks up a big, juicy strawberry and places it between her succulent lips and leans over to offer me a bite of the fruit that she holds in her mouth.
My blue eyes clash with her brown ones as lust wars between the two of us. I lean over to take a bite of the fruit that she so temptingly offers me. Our lips mesh together with perfect halves of the fruit inside our mouths.
Our tongues duel as we exchange bits of fruit and juice. I pull away from Noelle to quickly dispense of the tray before sliding my pajama bottoms off to leave them pooling on the floor.
“I. Want. You. Now.” I say to her in a guttural voice. “Take. Your. Night. Shirt. Off. Now.” I direct her as I stalk back towards the bed.
Noelle wastes no time in removing the night shirt. Her now curly hair is like a halo around her beautiful face as she takes in my body. I continue towards her.
My desire throbs like molten steel as it hardens even more than before. I lie on my back, and my dick points straight up towards the ceiling. 
“Come. Here.” I order her and pull her body across my chest.
She gasps in surprise when I place her wetness so that it straddles across my chest. She instantly reaches for the headboard to keep her balance.
“I am ready to feast on dessert,” I mutter against her plush thigh and place a kiss on both thighs. I become delirious as the scent of her heat assails my nostrils. Her scent is like a consolation prize for the addict in me. I have become addicted to the taste, the scent, and the feel of Noelle’s sweet and succulent pussy.
I lift her effortlessly to place her already dripping wet pussy over my bearded face. My tongue wastes no time in entering her slick core to get a taste of her ambrosia. My eyes close in contentment as her juices coat my tongue.
Noelle’s moans turn into sultry sighs as my tongue and mouth make sweet love to her. Her hips are like a dancer’s, as she grinds down onto my mouth and lips. My mouth receives all she gives me…the more she gives…the more I crave.  
The pleasure I aspire to give Noelle brings me immense pleasure in my soul. Her juices continue to drip into my mouth like a running faucet, and I continue to swallow as she supplies her sweetness for my unquenchable thirst.
Her lusty sighs are like sweet melodies to my ears. I reach one hand towards her full breast to twist a hard nipple between my fingers. Noelle dances faster against my mouth while my tongue plays her pussy like an instrument.
Her wetness finds its way down my chin as it mixes with my close-cropped mustache and beard. Her love juices supply me with the nutrients that I need to survive as she humps my face under the tutelage of my mouth and tongue.
“Beau!” she cries out as her body trembles and shakes from my orchestrations. 
“Cum for me again,” I urge her with my lips meshed against her slippery, nether lips.
Noelle gyrates and grinds against my mouth as I hold my tongue stiff inside her fiery core. She screams her pleasure one last time before she goes limp and slides her way down my chest leaving a trail of her sticky juices, marking me as her territory, which I gladly accept.
I flip Noelle onto her back but take the brunt of my weight on my forearms so I won’t crush her with my body. Her legs instantly wrap around my waist, leaving me room to plunge into her slick heat. I bury my face in her scented hair as I thrust into her while trying to hold onto the last of my control.
With each pummeling thrust, I release a pleasurable but torturous groan. Noelle’s heated core surrounds my throbbing flesh, enclosing me snugly in her heated walls. I bite down onto her shoulder, gently but firmly, as I mark her skin with my love bite.
Noelle croons softly and undulates her hips, matching me thrust for glorious thrust as I pummel inside her fragrant heat over and over, again and again before it becomes too much pleasure for me to bare. A guttural growl slips past my lips as I warn Noelle of my impending orgasm.
Noelle screams as she releases another orgasm. At this exact moment, my throbbing cock releases my seed deep inside her to splash hotly inside of her walls. My dick jerks and jumps until I have no more left to give. 
My breathing is erratic as I pull Noelle to my side, once I roll over to my back.
“Woman, I told you, you are going to be the death of me,” I tease her as I try to get my breathing under control.
I look down at Noelle when I don’t get a response. She is snuggled up against my chest with a satisfied smile on her face and passed out. I place a kiss on the top of her head before covering our bodies so we don’t become chilled. I close my eyes and enjoy the feel of Noelle’s warm body against my own and allow the love I feel for her to fill my soul.


Chapter 19

Noelle

Wintry Wonderland

Beau, Shelby, Erick and I are walking through the annual Christmas festival the city puts on every year. The cold weather and the snow didn’t stop the crowd from getting out and enjoying the variety of festivities that our city is known for during the Christmas season.
Beau and I are walking hand in hand. Beau is, once again, in his trademark of all black, and he is looking sexy as all get-out. He has a black cap pulled low on his head while trying to remain incognito amongst the crowd.
His thick mane of dark hair is hidden beneath the cap, but if any of his fans took one look into his dazzling, smoky, sapphire-blue eyes, they would instantly recognize him as the great Beau Barringer. 
I am feeling happier than I have ever felt in my life being with Beau and my friends. Christmas music is continuously piping through perfectly placed speakers high up on the buildings and poles. Lights are twinkling everywhere with an array of artfully decorated Christmas trees as far as our eyes can see.
“I’m cold,” Shelby says as she looks back at Beau and me bringing up the rear.
She winks and smiles at me before pointing to a vendor who is selling hot chocolate up ahead.
“Who is up for some hot chocolate?” she asks as she pulls Erick with us following along.
“I have my hot chocolate right here,” Beau teases me as he whispers this softly in my ear.
I shudder from his heated words. I think about how he loves to taste me intimately and can’t seem to get enough of tasting me. I look up at him and watch his ice-blue eyes glaze over with heat.
“Behave!” I say to him because I know we would cut our outing short if I let him have his way.
He gives me that confident smirk, knowing that he is getting to me.
“Come on, then,” he says grudgingly. “I will treat us all to hot chocolates,” he says to me before speaking to the man who is selling the drinks. “Four hot chocolates all around,” Beau says.
“Big spender,” Shelby says with a giggle.
“Thanks, man,” Erick says. “The next treat is on me,” he offers as we continue our way through the festival.
I blow on my foam cup of hot chocolate before taking a tentative sip.
“Ouch!” I say before licking my upper lip with the tip of my tongue, trying to soothe it.
“Did you burn yourself, honey?” Beau asks as he looks down at me in concern, and I touch my fingertips across my lip.
I look up into Beau’s eyes and momentarily lose myself in his mesmerizing stare; I find myself doing this most of the time. I can’t get use to how his eyes seem to constantly change colors. His eye color switches to a smoky blue with a hint of sapphire when we are making love. His chameleon eyes hold me captive whether we are alone or in a crowd.
“Yes,” I say as a tremble goes through my body. I can feel heat building between my thighs and wetness pool in my center.
Beau’s head descends; my lips part to receive the softest of kisses. His tongue sweeps across my lips before his tongue delves into the moist cavity of my mouth. His tongue tastes of marshmallows and hot chocolate with a hint of sweet cinnamon. I moan beneath the onslaught of his gentle kiss.
“Are you two going to have to get a room?” Shelby quips as she and Erick wait patiently for us to catch up.
Beau slowly pulls his lips away from mine. I can see the heated look in his eyes matches my own. He chuckles from Shelby’s statement and takes my hand into his to resume our stroll.
“Noelle is so sweet that I can’t keep my lips off of her,” he says before giving Shelby a wink.
“I feel the same about my lovely lady,” says Erick before sweeping a surprised Shelby into a hot kiss.
By the time Erick lets Shelby up for air, she looks flushed with a dazed look in her eyes.
“Who needs to get a room, now?” I tease my best friend.
Shelby fans herself before she replies.
“From the look of things, we both do,” she says with a laugh. “It’s only around thirty-five degrees, but I feel mighty hot all of a sudden.”
We all laugh as we continue to enjoy each other’s company as well as the Christmas festival. I am glad that no one recognizes Beau. I don’t want to share him tonight with his fans. I want him to be just Beau my boyfriend and not the performer because this is who I am most comfortable with. When I really get quiet and think about how big of a star he actually is, I become intimidated and unsure of our longevity as a couple. Although I keep these thoughts to myself, I still have them all the same.
“A penny for your thoughts?” Beau whispers against my ear.
I look up at him and smile. I make sure the worry is wiped from my eyes before replying.
“I am just enjoying being with you and taking in the scenery. I am loving this time of the year because I have you.”
“Keep saying things like that, and I will have to cut this outing short and take you home.”
“Is that a promise?” I ask, fluttering my eyelashes flirtatiously.
“That’s not only a promise, Miss Winters, but that is a fact.”
“Hey, love birds, I am going to separate you two for a while,” says Shelby as she grasps my hand.
“Where are you taking my woman?” Beau questions Shelby.
“Not too far, we will stay in sight,” she replies as she pulls me along, leaving Erick and Beau staring after us.
“Girl, that man of yours is something else. He is sending out so much heat that it will melt this snow before it hits the ground.”
“He really does.” I had to agree with her because Beau was as deliciously sexy as they came.
“Look at these homemade wreaths,” Shelby says, changing the subject.
“Those are beautiful. I think I will get Beau one for his door. He has a Christmas tree but no wreath…This one will go beautifully on his door.”
“I like this one,” Shelby says, picking up the one that is adorned in white doves.
“I like that one too,” I agree with her before making our purchases.
“Hi, Noelle,” I hear a familiar voice behind me as I reach for my shopping bag that contains my wreath.
I turn and look directly into the face of Victor.
“What the hell are you doing here, Victor, and why are you speaking to Noelle?” Shelby turns and mean mugs Victor.
“Well, let’s see Shelby,” Victor says, returning my friend’s hostile look. “First off, the last time I checked, this is still a free country. Therefore, I may go anywhere I damn well please. Secondly, I am speaking to Noelle and not you, unless by chance your name has changed to Noelle,” he says with a smirk.
“Ha, ha,” she says, but no humor is in her voice. “Go away, Victor. Noelle wants nothing to do with you after you did her the way you did. I am so angry with you.”
I can feel that the tension between my best friend and Victor is about to escalate, so I decide to intervene. I didn’t expect to see Victor again until the papers were ready to sign. Since he was the one who suggested I have an abortion, I have never thought of this baby that I am carrying as ours.
“I can handle this, Shelby, but thank you,” I say to her with an I got this look. “What do you want?” I ask Victor.
“You look good Noelle…real good,” he says as his eyes take in my body from head to toe. His eyes finally rest on my slightly rounded stomach that can be seen clearly beneath my fitted sweater, which matches a pair of colorful leggings and my leather, black, knee-length boots. “You being pregnant with our baby becomes you.”
“You do mean my baby, don’t you?” I ask him, ignoring his compliment.
“No, I mean our baby.”
“Victor, I don’t have time for your games. Let’s not pretend that you want to have any part in this baby’s life. You clearly asked me to get an abortion. Tell me if I am wrong,” I continue in an exasperated tone.
Victor looks off into the distance as if he is in deep thought before he speaks.
“Noelle, I made a mistake. I am sorry I ever let those words escape out of my mouth.”
Shelby grunts beside me. I know she wants to speak, but I hold up my hand to silence her. Her eyes hold the look of an angry tigress. I know she is ready to tear Victor to shreds with her words.
I look around before looking at Victor once again.
“Where is your girlfriend and child?”
“Samantha…Sammy left me,” he stutters as a pained look flashes across his face. “And she took little V.J. with her.”
“What do you mean she left you?”
“Her husband wanted to reconcile with her and make their marriage work. He even told her that he is willing to accept V.J. into their family, even though he knows that I will still be a hands-on father to my son,” he says this with sadness lurking deep in his eyes.
“Aww, I see. So, let me see if I can get this right. Since Samantha…Sammy, or whatever you call her, has abandoned you…you are now ready to be a father to my baby,” I say, feeling resentment build inside of me.
“Samantha leaving me isn’t the only reason I want to be a present figure in our unborn baby’s life, Noelle. The last time I saw you on the Friday after Thanksgiving…I have been feeling some type of way. I will say again that I am very sorry that I suggested you terminate this pregnancy. I don’t know what got into me.”
“You know exactly what got into you,” Shelby finally speaks after holding her words in for so long. “You thought you had your little side-piece family all wrapped up into one neat bow. You didn’t want the additional responsibility of raising a child with Noelle, so you abandoned her and this innocent, little life growing on the inside of her. You are nothing but trash and lower than low in my eyes,” she lashes out at him with her spew of carefully orchestrated words.
“For a white girl, you sure are acting ghetto,” Victor threw the insult at Shelby.
“Stop it, Victor. Your remark isn’t even called for. Shelby is not only my best friend, but she is like a sister to me. If you insult Shelby, it’s just like you are insulting me, so don’t go there,” I warn him.
“I’m sorry,” he says, throwing the apology Shelby’s way. His mouth apologizes, but his eyes still hold an unapologetic look.
“Whatever.” Shelby throws up her hand in dismissal. 
“You know what, Shelby, this is between Noelle and me. You can stay the fuck out of it.” Victor doesn’t try to hide his anger and frustration.
“Like Noelle says, we are family, and her being my family makes it my business.”
Victor lets out a cruel laugh. 
“Get gone, little Miss Snow White. When did Princess Jasmine and Snow White become sisters?” He lets out a cruel laugh.
Shelby lets loose a bunch of expletives before she lunges at Victor, but she is caught up in the circle of Erick’s arms before she makes contact with him.
“Shelby, baby, calm down.” Erick pulls Shelby away as she struggles to get out of his grasp to lunge at Victor again.
“What the hell is going on here?” Beau comes to stand in front of me, facing Victor in a combative stance.
“I don’t know who you are, but I’m trying to have a conversation with my baby mama,” Victor replies, crossing his arms across his chest.
“I am Noelle’s man,” Beau states his relevance in my life.
Victor’s eyes widen in surprise before a sneer forms around his mouth. He looks down at me with disappointment in his eyes.
“So this the way you doing it now, Noelle. I haven’t been out of your life but a minute and you’ve decided to cross over to the other side?” he says in an insulting tone of voice and throws a menacing look towards Beau.
“Victor,” I try to say before Beau cuts me off.
I look over at Erick and Shelby. She has calmed down a bit, but she is still looking at Victor as if she wants to strangle his neck.
“Oh, so this is Victor, your ex-boyfriend,” Beau says as he accesses Victor and sizes him up.
“Yeah, but what’s it to you?” Victor questions Beau as he gives Beau the once over and tries to size him up as well.
“Let’s go, Beau,” I say, stepping between Beau and Victor because I can feel trouble brewing.
Beau shrugs my hand off of his shoulder and steps toe to toe with Victor. They are around the same height and both hold a stance of dominance. I could feel tension beneath Beau’s shoulders before he shrugged me off.
“I don’t know what you and Noelle were talking about, but I advise you to stay as far away from her as possible. She doesn’t need you or the stress you bring in her life. Since you don’t want to be a daddy, you don’t have to be. Noelle and her baby have me, and I promise you I am not going anywhere,” Beau puts his cards on the table as he lays claim to me and the baby.
Victor’s eyes become cloudy with anger. I can see he is not going to back away easily by his rigid stance.
“Who the hell do you think you are giving me orders? You don’t know me or anything about the relationship that Noelle and I have. It would be wise for you to back off and leave Noelle and I to straighten out our differences in peace. Besides, whether I go anywhere or not, the fact doesn’t change that this is my baby growing inside of her womb,” Victor says proudly, directing his stare towards me as if he has every right to lay claim to my baby after he is the one who messed up.
I roll my eyes at him because I know he says these things to get to Beau. He has some audacity to act as arrogant as he is. His words make me angrier by the minute.
“Come on, man,” Erick says, coming to stand beside Beau. “He isn’t worth it.”
“Erick is right, Beau. We are bringing attention to ourselves. Bickering with this idiot will bring exposure to your identity. Don’t give him the power to ruin our night,” Shelby says, looking at Victor with deep resentment in her steely-blue eyes.
Beau looks up and realizes that a small crowd has gathered and is looking on our group with interest. Someone points and screams loudly in the crowd.
“I told you that is Beau Barringer! I would know the color of his eyes anywhere,” the young woman screams.
“Damn it! Beau grates out as the two young women boldly make their way over to us.
“Can I have a picture with you, Beau?” she asks in an excited voice. “I told Katelynn that it was you. She owes me twenty dollars for losing the bet,” she babbles away as she poses besides Beau and smiles brightly for her friend to snap a picture.
How rude is that? This young woman didn’t even wait for Beau to answer as she squeezes her body between us and pushes me aside.
“Sadie, it’s my turn now,” says her overly enthusiastic friend.
Her friend promptly switches places with her before plastering herself against Beau. Katelynn quickly snaps a picture or two before asking Beau for his autograph.
Victor looks at me and arches his brow before letting out a chuckle.
“Who is this guy? By the looks of the crowd gathering, you would think he is a superstar,” he says in a sarcastic tone.
Shelby didn’t give me time to reply. 
“That’s exactly who he is. Beau Barringer is a super rock star, with number one hits across the charts. So as you can see, you don’t stand a chance.”
Victor takes another look at Beau as he continues to sign autographs for his fans in the crowd. Then his eyes slide back to me.
“I know you, Noelle.” He takes my elbow and pulls me aside.
I went willingly because I didn’t want to cause a scene. Shelby follows closely behind as if she is my security guard. I look back at her and assure her that I will be fine, so she walks back to Erick’s side to whisper something in his ear.
Erick looks towards Victor and me to let me know he is keeping an eye on us in case Victor tries something. He and Shelby are just alike when it comes to having my back. I forcibly pry Victor’s hand from my elbow and put a little distance between us.
“Say whatever you need to say, Victor. I don’t have time for this as it is, and for the record, you don’t know me as well as you think you do.”
“Oh, but I do,” he replies with certainty. “I know that you have never liked crowds or being the center of attention. You have always been a low-key type of person with a tendency for being shy. Your shyness is one of the endearing qualities that drew me to you. Now, tell me…how are you going to be with a rock star who will be in the limelight most of the time? He will have women throwing themselves at him right and left…not to add dropping their panties like flies. There is no way he will ever be faithful to you, Noelle,” he adds in a self-righteous tone of voice.
I look at Victor, and I feel nothing but disgust for him. Seeing him has totally ruined a perfectly pleasant night. I look over at Beau and pretty, sexy women are indeed flocking to him like flies. I can feel jealousy rise up in me. He seems to have forgotten about me as he smiles down into their pretty faces.
“See what I mean? Come with me. We can go get something warm to eat and get out of the cold,” he says in a voice that is beginning to grate on my nerves.
“Victor, how can you act all holier-than-thou by saying Beau won’t be faithful to me? Beau is not like you. Unlike you, he knows how to keep it in his pants,” I try to say in a confidant voice. Even though my jealousy is getting the best of me, I still try to hide it from Victor. I don’t want to give him any ammunition to cause trouble between Beau and me.
“How many times am I going to have to apologize for my one and only fuck up?”
“Your apologies aren’t going to cut it…not now. Maybe I could have forgiven you if you had come to me and told me about you stepping out on me. Maybe I could have even forgiven you for getting another woman pregnant. But what I can’t forgive you for is asking me to kill my child,” I say with sadness entering my heart as I think about the night I told him I was pregnant with his baby.
“Noelle, I am…”
I hold up my hand to cut him off. I shake my head at him to let him know not to say that he is sorry again. I have nothing else to say to Victor as I walk away. I can feel his eyes boring into my back. I am suddenly feeling tired. I know Victor is partly the cause of it. Talking to him has exhausted me mentally, as well as physically.
“That’s all for tonight, folks,” Beau says after taking one look at me walking towards him. 
The fans weren’t pleased, but Beau made his way over to meet me before taking me in his arms. I lay my head on his strong shoulders and take in his scent. My doubts about his loyalty to me vanish for now. 
Beau and I say our goodbyes to Shelby and Erick. Beau promises that we will get together again soon. I give Shelby and Erick a hug and a kiss on their cheeks before parting ways. I look over my shoulder, and Victor is still standing in the same spot I left him in. He has a look of heartbreak on his face. I don’t have time to worry about Victor’s feelings because in reality, he has brought whatever he feels on himself. I am with the man I love, and that is all that I need to worry about as I walk away hand in hand with Beau by my side.


Chapter 20

Noelle

What Do the Lonely Do on Christmas?

Victor has been blowing up my cell phone since the night I saw him at the Christmas festival. I know the only reason that Victor wants me and the baby back in his life is because he is feeling lonely since his girlfriend walked out on him.
Victor says that he knows me, but he also forgets that I know him as well. He has never been any good at coping alone. He is an attention hog, and that is one thing that I am now willing to admit that I disliked about him.
Giving attention to a significant other is fine under normal circumstances, but he used to get jealous when I was spending time with Shelby. He would even get out of sorts if I worked longer hours when I had a project deadline.
Sometimes when you step away from a situation, you can see it clearly. I am now seeing all of Victor’s true colors in all of their vividness. My cell phone begins to vibrate once again. I realize that I will eventually have to speak with Victor to see if he is still on board with signing over his parental rights.
I am feeling uneasy about him doing the right thing, especially with the way he was acting the last time I saw him. I just pray that he will have the decency to keep his promise. Beau is in the studio with his band putting the finishing touches on his new album, which will be coming out the first of next year.
He is trying to finish the project so that we can spend an uninterrupted Christmas together; he wants to take me to meet his parents on New Year’s Day. I am nervous and excited at the same time. He promises me that both of his parents and his brother will love me like he does.
He introduced me to his parents over skype once, and they both seem like nice down-to-earth people. They didn’t even show a reaction about Beau dating outside his race. His mother said I had to be a special someone if Beau chose me, because she knows her son.
My cell begins to vibrate once again. I breathe in deeply before pressing the connect button.
“Hey, Victor,” I greet him in a sullen tone of voice.
“Hi, Noelle. Do you have to sound so sad about hearing from me?” he asks.
“What do you want?”
“I need to see you. We really need to talk,” he replies.
“You are right. We really need to talk. I want to know if you are still willing to give up your paternal rights to my baby.” I get right to the point.
“I don’t want to talk about something so important over the telephone, Noelle. Where are you?” he asks.
“I’m at my apartment. Why?”
“Are you alone?”
I sigh inwardly before answering Victor’s question.
“I am alone, but what does that have to do with you answering my questions right now?”
“I want to come over to your apartment. I am not too far away now,” he admits.
“No! You can’t come here. How do you know where I moved to anyway? I never gave you my new address.”
“I googled it. The internet is a world of information. You know this already.”
I ignore Victor’s know-it-all tone of voice. I can imagine him smirking as he talks to me over the phone. I want nothing more than to wipe that smirk off his face. His tone of voice is, once again, getting on my last nerve.
“Since you are close by, you can meet me at this little café. It’s about five minutes away from my apartment building. The café is called Rico’s. Do you know where it is?” I ask him.
“Yeah, I know where it’s at. I was about to drive by it as we speak. I will get us a table and order us something to drink. Do you want anything special to eat?” 
“No, but I will take a hot chocolate with extra marshmallows though. Give me about twenty minutes to get there,” I tell him without awaiting his reply before ending the call.
I look down at Beau’s shirt that I have on and my pair of fuzzy slippers. I hurry down the hall to the bathroom to take a quick shower before quickly changing into a pair of stretchy, high-wasted, dark-colored jeans; a brown, cashmere sweater; and my brown, leather boots to combat the windchill and the cold, falling rain (which I am sure will turn to snow by late evening).
Hopefully, Beau will make it in before the snow starts. He has been working later and later in the studio. This is why I feel more comfortable in my apartment instead of far out in the middle of nowhere in his big house where I am alone. I muse to myself about these things as I make my way out the door to meet with Victor.

*

By the time I walk through the doors of Rico’s, I spot Victor at a back table inside of the medium-sized café. I am surprised that it isn’t too crowded since it is the holiday season. 
“Welcome to Rico’s. Will you be dining alone today?” asks the waitress, whose name tag reads Thana.
“No, I am meeting someone, and he is already here,” I point to Victor as he stands to beckon me over.
“I will be over to take your order shortly,” Thana says with a smile.
  I return the waitress’s smile but inform her that my drink of choice had already been ordered. 
Victor quickly pulls out a seat for me to sit and helps me slide my arms out of my coat before placing it on the back of my chair. Once I sit, he helps push my seat up closer to the table. I feel uncomfortable when he bends and sniffs my hair. I look back at him and throw him a look of disdain. He backs off with a slight smile attached to his full lips before retaking his seat across from me.
“I can’t help myself. You smell so delicious. You smell of cotton candy, the kind we used to eat when we went to the carnival last summer. You remember, I won that gigantic bear for you? Do you still have it?” he asks, trying to bring up old memories.
“I remember, and I threw the bear in the garbage along with a few other things you gave me over the years.” I am straight forward in admitting the truth.
A hint of sorrow flashes through Victor’s eyes. I don’t mean to hurt him, but I am still holding on to the effects of his ill treatment of me and my unborn baby. I am honest enough with myself to know that I am hurt, and I resent him for wanting a child by another woman but not by me. I feel warranted in having these feelings, and I don’t see myself apologizing for these feelings anytime soon.
“That is cold, Noelle. I still have the mementoes that you gave me. If you give me a chance, I want to make up for the hurt I have caused you,” he says, giving me a hopeful look.
“Tell me…if Samantha hadn’t reunited with her husband, would you be sitting here right now talking to me at this very moment?”
Victor begins to fidget in his seat. His gaze slides from looking me directly in my eye to land somewhere over my right shoulder instead.
“I would have found my way back to you eventually…I am sure of it,” he says as if he is trying to convince himself.
I know he is lying because he can’t even look me in my face when he says this to me. I remain silent until he finally decides to look me directly in my eyes again.
“You are a terrible liar. I wish you would just be honest with yourself and realize you just don’t want to be alone. I know you must see that I have moved on, and I’m not still crying my eyes out over our breakup. I admit that it hurt me like hell to walk away from you…but I got over it. And I have Beau to thank for that.”
“Don’t kid yourself, Noelle. I did some research on your Mr. Rock Star, Beau Barringer, and he is nothing but a playboy. You will be old news before New Year’s Day. I guarantee you,” he says with a harsh chuckle. “Besides, of all the women I saw him surrounded by, there was never a black woman. The closest he came to a woman of color was with some Asian woman. Look at this,” he says as he unclips his cell from his waist band. He scrolls through his cell phone, and I can see he is satisfied by the wide smile that appears on his face. “Read this article,” he hands me the phone across the table, and I am curious enough to reach for it.
The first thing I see is a picture of Beau embraced by a beautiful woman with ash-blond, feathered, shoulder-length hair. Her green eyes peer up into Beau’s face, and he looks lovingly down into hers. The article speaks of their impending engagement.
I greedily read on as my heart drops to the pit of my stomach. Why hadn’t Beau ever mentioned a Courtney Nicks to me?  My doubts and insecurities about his commitment to me creep into my heart like a thief in the night.
I try to control my emotions from getting the best of me. I am sure if I were to fall apart, it would give Victor immense satisfaction. Hurt people, hurt people. If I can be as miserable as he is, then his job is done. So, I draw strength from deep inside to quell my tumultuous emotions from getting the best of me.
After reading the article to the end, it says that Courtney and Beau had separated for some unknown reason and have been separated for almost two years, but they were reuniting, and she would be on his new album. They will be doing two love songs as a duet. The writer of the article went on to say that they are sure that America will be smiling again once the Universe brings these two perfect people back together to make the most romantic, rocker couple the world has ever seen.
I have had enough. I should have stopped reading before now, but it seems I am a glutton for punishment. I slide Victor’s cell across the table. He is sitting there with his arms crossed over his chest. His eyes look deep into mine, and he is still smiling. I so want to reach over and slap that satisfied smile off of his face. But I don’t, so I formulate my words before I speak.
“You don’t even know Beau. All you know is what you read on the internet or in some sleazy tabloid,” I say in a defensive tone. “Beau is humble, and he is kind. He loves me and I love him, and there is nothing that you can say that will make me change my mind about him,” I state in a matter-of-fact tone of voice. “I don’t see color when I look at Beau, and I know he feels the same when he looks at me. We are just two people who accept each other for who we are.”
“Then you are a bigger fool than I thought. The facts are right here in black and white. Courtney Nicks is fine as hell, even though I don’t do white women, I would fuck the shit out of her. Get a load of that ass on her. She would put Kim Kardashian to shame,” he says with a cruel laugh. 
I can feel myself getting angry from his harsh words. I push back my seat to stand.
“I don’t have to listen to your nonsense! You are hurting because you lost your girlfriend to her husband, and I can see that she was never really yours from the beginning. Now you tell me who the bigger fool is, Victor?” I question him angrily.
“I’m sorry that I said those things to you.” he says with a defeated sigh. “Please, sit back down. I have truly made a mess of things, haven’t I?”
I breathe in slowly and then exhale. Victor’s dark eyes plead with me to sit back down. I slowly retake my seat, but I am still simmering with anger, as well as harboring doubts about Beau’s commitment to me. Plus, Beau being around his old flame again doesn’t sit well with me. He didn’t even warn me that an ex-girlfriend will be doing studio time with him. The only people he ever mentioned were the members from his band. I silently fume at the thought of Beau keeping this from me. But I push those feelings aside because I can see that Victor’s apology is sincere.
“I remember we were friends in college before we even started to date,” Victor reminisces.
“I remember as well. Maybe we should have remained just friends then we wouldn’t be sitting here today with so much animosity between the two of us.”
Victor hangs his head in shame before looking up into my eyes once again. I can see that his remorse is real, as is his pain. My heart softens a bit for his predicament, as well as my own.
“Will you be staying a part of your little boy’s life, Victor? He is an adorable little boy, and he does look just like you,” I say, trying to push thoughts of Beau and Courtney aside.
“I most definitely will. I have made arrangements through the court to get him every weekend and every other holiday.”
“That is great. You are doing the right thing by remaining a stable force in little V.J.’s life.”
“Why are you being so nice to me all of a sudden? I know it’s only about you wanting me to sign away my parental rights to our baby,” he looks deeply into my eyes to gauge my reaction to his words.
“I am not going to sit up here and lie to you. I do want you to give up your rights to our baby, but that’s not the only reason that I am being nice. You made me recollect our genuine friendship from the beginning. Without you and Shelby, I don’t know what I would have done my freshman year in college. I left home feeling unwanted and unloved, but you and Shelby completed me once we bonded.”
“Do you forgive me for my foolishness, Noelle? I don’t know what the hell I was thinking when I asked you to abort our child. I didn’t know how to tell you that I had fallen in love with someone else, and we already had produced a son together; he was a toddler by the time you got pregnant. That night when you first told me we were going to have a baby was the night I was going to breakup with you,” he finally admits the truth.
I remain quiet as I take Victor’s words in. I am learning that regardless of whether I was with child or not, Victor and I were over, regardless.
“I don’t mean to hurt you, Noelle,” Victor says, breaking in to my musings. “I love you and will always love you. If you can forgive me, I will be a father to this child as well.”
I can feel that Victor is trying to make up for what happened in the past and do the right thing. Everybody makes mistakes and undoubtedly lives to regret those same mistakes. Who am I to keep Victor away from our child if he truly wants to do the right thing? Besides, this little baby that I am carrying inside me already has a little brother. Who am I to keep them apart? I silently question myself as so many emotions war within me.
“Victor, if you truly want to be a father to our child, there is no way that I can legally stop you. But having a relationship with our child means we will be co-parenting, but that’s it. We will be respectful and civil towards one another for our child’s sake, but I am with Beau now. You will have to accept and respect his presence in my and our baby’s life for this to work. Do you think you will be able to accept that?” I ask him in a serious tone.
I can see a pulse jumping in Victor’s right temple as he mulls over what I said. If he has high hopes for us reuniting, I wanted to be upfront about my expectations because Beau isn’t going anywhere. This is something that Victor is going to have to live with if he means what he says about being a father to our child.
“I have no other choice but to accept it…Right?” His dark eyes try to appeal to me with unspoken words.
“This is the way it has to be. Beau is a relevant part of my life, and I don’t want it to be any other way.”
“If it means you will forgive me, and we can eventually be friends again, I will accept this Beau Barringer in your life. It will take some getting used to, but I am willing to try,” he relents. “But if he ever hurts you in any way, I will be here for you in a heartbeat. I owe you that much, and I promise you that I have learned a valuable lesson. I won’t hurt you again.”
“Thank you, and I will forgive you in time…I’m just not quite all the way there yet,” I admit honestly. I know Victor is saying that if it doesn’t work out between Beau and me that he will step in and be my man, in a roundabout way. 
“I will take what I can get. Your hot chocolate has gotten cold. Let me order you another one,” he says, raising his hand to signal the waitress. “Do you want something to eat?”
My stomach suddenly grumbles loudly. A blush rises to my cheeks, but I suddenly feel ravenous. My sudden appetite is initiated by the delicious smells circulating around the restaurant. Victor laughs aloud as the waitress comes over.
“Order anything you want. It’s my treat. I don’t want my baby starving,” he teases with a glint in his eyes.
“I can order anything?”
“Yes, anything,” he answers.
The waitress is waiting with her pen poised above her pad. 
“What can I get for the two of you today?” she asks in a friendly tone.
“I will take a double mushroom burger with extra Swiss cheese but no onions, large steak fries, and apple pie with two scoops of vanilla ice cream.”
The waitress takes my order without skipping a beat.
“What will you have, sir?” She directs her attention towards Victor.
“I will have the same but keep the onions on my burger, and I will take the apple pie with no ice cream,” he replies.
“What do you want to drink?”
Victor and I give the waitress our drink orders. When the waitress leaves, Victor and I look at each other and burst out laughing. The ice and animosity between the two of us instantly falls away. It’s like we went back three years, where we’re sitting in the college cafeteria contemplating how we’re going to make our mark on the world; those days were carefree and fun. I knew in that moment that everything would work out for the best, for all parties involved.


Chapter 21

Beau

Complications

As of late, every night I get home, Noelle has been asleep. I know something is bothering her, but when I ask her she says it’s just her hormones. I know it is something deeper than that, but I promise myself that I will make it up to her as soon as my album is complete.
We only have two more songs left on the album, and they are the two songs that I am dreading the most. Today, I will be seeing Courtney Nicks again after almost two years of separation. Courtney and I were a couple in the past. She was everything I thought I wanted in a woman; we were one in the same.
She had my love for music and my passion for the music business as a whole. She was young and a new upcoming rock star in her own right. Eventually we grew apart because of our grueling schedules. She would be on one part of the globe and I on the other.
Our schedules were adding stress to or relationship that eventually spilled over into our performances. So, we parted as loving friends with a deep affection for one another but still just friends.
I never brought up Courtney to Noelle. I don’t know why, but now, since I will be seeing Courtney again, I realize I should have. Before entering the studio, I unclip my cell phone and speed dial Noelle’s phone. It goes straight to voice mail. 
“Hey, Babe. I just want to say that I love you, and I know we haven’t been spending that much time together, but the business with this album is about to be a wrap, and I will be all yours,” I say before ending the call.
I breathe deeply, inhaling the cold air before stepping inside the studio doors. The producers, my manager, and my band are already there. But my eyes are drawn to Courtney, who is getting her picture taken from some photographer representing some magazine label.
Courtney sees me step through the doors. Her green eyes alight on me, and she screams my name as if she is happy to see me. She says something to the photographer and makes her way towards me, where I am standing rooted to my spot.
Courtney is still as beautiful, if not more so, as she was two years ago. Her hair is a littler darker with highlights running through it, but she is still Courtney—with the bright, green eyes and the beautiful smile.
“Beau!” she says before jumping into my arms.
I barely have time to drop my leather guitar case before my arms, with a mind of their own, open wide to receive her. Her exotic, flowery, signature scent fills my nostrils. Old memories of her in my arms and our bodies twisted together as we made love try to penetrate my mind. I quickly push the memory out because of my newly found love for Noelle.
I release Courtney, and her body slides down mine. She looks into my eyes, and I know memories of us together are also lurking deep in her memory.
“It’s good to see you, Courtney,” I admit to her.
“It is good to see you too, Beau. You don’t know how much I have missed you over the years…I have missed us,” she says before taking my face in the palm of her hands.
My eyes instantly go to Courtney’s pink, glossed lips. They are shimmering wetly. I have time to pull back, but I don’t. Her soft lips plant themselves on mine. It is a closed-mouth kiss but a kiss all the same. A flash from a camera causes me to remember where I am as I pull away from Courtney.
“This is just like old times,” my manager Dave Dillinger says as he comes up and pats me on the back. “I told the photographer to snap that winning shot of the two of you. This picture will help send this album up the charts. I can see many awards in your future,” Dave goes on as emotions from a not-so-distant past war in my soul.
“Let’s get to work,” one of the producers calls out. “Time is money you know. It’s time to get this show on the road.”
I didn’t reply to Dave’s thoughts on the album. Courtney loops her arm with mine as we make our way to the soundproof booth, where my band members are waiting. Laney comes up to me and quickly pulls me aside.
“Don’t be a fool and fall back into your old ways. Noelle loves you, and all of us really like her. Don’t let a past that didn’t work out cause you to mess up a beautiful future,” she warns me.
“Laney, you have nothing to worry about. Courtney and I are just distant friends. I love Noelle, and I know she is the only woman for me.”
“Okay, if you say so. I just know that you and Courtney never really said goodbye. I know you both just drifted apart because of your careers. I am talking to you as a friend and as a woman who sees that Courtney still sees you as more than a friend. You should have heard the way she talked about you before you got here. It’s like she’s still in love with you…It seems as if two years apart doesn’t matter to her. My advice to you is to let her know up front that you’ve moved on so there won’t be any misunderstandings or complications in the future.”
“I get what you’re saying, Laney…I really do. Thank you for being a caring friend.”
I look over at my other band members, and they send me knowing looks. I know they will tell me what they are thinking later, but now is not the time. Courtney is waiting for me to begin our duet, so I stroll over to take my place behind the mic. She looks over at me and winks.
My heart rate speeds up, and my palms become sweaty. Damn it. Courtney Nicks is truly a complication from my past that I need to deal with before I make an ass of myself and ruin the best thing that has ever entered my life, which is Noelle Winters.
We finish the two duets titled, “The Right Way to Love Me,” and “A Love Unresolved,” after the fifth take. As we sit in the studio and listen to the album in its entirety, I have to agree that this will be one of my best albums. 
The duets between Courtney and me are flawless and add to the validity of an award-winning album. 
“That’s a wrap,” the producers claim.
“Yes indeed,” says Dave Dillinger. “I have rented out Club Capri for Friday night. I expect you all to be there. There will be photographers present to get plenty of pictures for promoting the album. Beau, I need you and Courtney to revive your romance and sell it to the public like never before.”
“Dave, you know that I am with Noelle,” I finally speak up. 
I don’t want to have any part of Dave’s publicity stunt, even if it will help with album sales. Noelle has been hurt enough in the past, and I won’t be the one to add to her pain. I know my unsettled feelings towards Courtney will only lead to someone getting burned if I play with fire.
“Who is Noelle?” asks Courtney, coming up and cutting into Dave and my conversation.
Dave looks at me and shakes his head no. I glare at him before giving Courtney my full attention.
“Noelle Winters is my girlfriend.”
“Oh,” Courtney says. I can see the disappointment and sadness in her eyes as she looks into mine.
“They haven’t been dating for very long,” Dave cuts in.
Courtney suddenly smiles as if Dave’s comment gives her a chance with me after all.
“That’s good to know. Now I may stand a chance to win your love back,” she says, stroking the back of her hand across my close-cropped beard.
“The chemistry when you’re on the stage performing sizzles strong between the two of you.” Dave adds to the complicated feelings that arise like a sudden storm on the inside of me. I have to say something to put a stop to whatever is going on. It’s like my inner being is being pulled into two different directions.
I step back from Courtney and try to put some distance between us. Her hand drops to her side. My eyes go to the plunging neckline of her one-piece, leather jumpsuit. Her small feet are incased in leather, stiletto boots.
“Noelle and I may have been together for only a short time, but the love I feel for her is very real. Speaking of Noelle, I need to get home to her,” I say before bidding everyone a good night.
I grab my guitar case on the way out the door. Laney and the other band members catch up to me.
“We are going to go grab a nightcap at the bar down the street before heading home. You want to come with us?” Benji asks.
“I don’t know. I really need to head in,” I reply, even though I could really use a drink or two right about now.
“Come on, man,” Kendrick joins in.
“Okay, one drink and then I’m out,” I relent.

*

By the time I make it home later that night, Noelle is already asleep. The one drink I promised myself had become numerous shots of tequila. I am now feeling the effects from the liquor, coupled with the long hours in the studio.
I had quit smoking long ago, but tonight I even smoked a couple of cigarettes, again reverting back into my old habits. I divest myself of my clothes on the way to the bathroom. The smell of cigarettes hangs heavily to my clothes as I put them in the hamper.
I will have a cleaning service come by to pick up my clothes and have them cleaned tomorrow. I make a mental note to myself before jumping in the shower and adjusting the water to a comfortable temperature. The spray from the showerhead is fortifying as I reach for my shampoo to wash my hair. I then use the same scented body wash to scrub clean.
I step from the shower and use a large, fluffy towel to dry off before donning a pair of pajama bottoms and nothing else. I climb into bed close to Noelle and pull her against my chest. Her bottom automatically toots out and settles against me.
My hand lies on her slightly rounded stomach, and I close my eyes. Noelle’s soft snores fill the room, and I smile because she swears she doesn’t snore. My love for her fills my heart, and her soft body against mine lures me into a peaceful night’s sleep, right beside the woman I want to spend a lifetime loving.


Chapter 22

Noelle

Who Says Love is Easy?

I wake up to Beau holding me in his arms. Our legs are intertwined, and our hearts beat rhythmically as one. My finger traces the length of his neatly-cropped moustache and beard as I stare lovingly at his too handsome face.
What will I do if Beau leaves me for another woman? My fingers trail down to the fine hairs on his muscular chest. How will I cope alone after he has made me fall so deeply in love with him? 
Tears fill my eyes, and I blink them away. When my eyes finally clear of the unwanted tears, I find Beau is awake and watching me. He is looking into my eyes. His blue gaze feels like lightning striking my soul. I can’t stand the intensity in his gaze. I so want to ask him about the article that I read a few days ago, but I am afraid of the answers. In this moment of uncertainty, I wonder what is best: knowing or not knowing.
“Why do you look so sad, Noelle?” Beau asks as he brings his hand tenderly against my cheek.
“It’s nothing,” I reply and roll over as I attempt to leave the bed.
“No, I’m not letting you off the hook that easy. Something has been bothering you for days. I know I have been MIA, but I am here now, and I want you to tell me what’s bothering you.”
I take in a deep breath, trying to control the rapid beating of my heart, before turning to face him once again.
“Talk to me, babe,” he urges.
I lick my dry lips to moisten them. Beau instantly follows the movement of my tongue. I can see heat flare in his eyes instantly, and his nostrils flare wide. A shudder begins at my spine and spreads through me from the heated, fiery look in his eyes, but I bank down the fire that is building inside of me as strength finally takes the place of fear; I finally say to him what’s bothering me. 
“Beau, who is Courtney Nicks to you?” I ask him in a soft voice, barely above a whisper.
I make myself look deep into his eyes so I can decipher whether he tells me the truth or not.
Beau remains quiet for a minute. A surprised look enters his eyes, but he quickly recovers. His eyes never waver from mine as he takes time to formulate his answer.
“How do you know about Courtney?”
I was not expecting him to answer me with a question of his own.
“It doesn’t matter how I found out about Courtney. Why are you taking so long to answer my question?” 
Beau exhales loudly and slides up in bed to rest his head against the wooden headboard.
“Courtney and I go way back. We first started to date when she became a newbie in the music industry. We seriously dated for a while until our hectic schedules eventually tore us apart. We drifted apart but remained distant friends. I haven’t heard from her in almost two years. The producers wanted her to grace my album with two duets that we would sing together. That’s it,” Beau says as if it’s just that simple. But I can see something, which I can’t put my finger on, lurking in the depths of his now sapphire-blue eyes.
“Why haven’t you mentioned her in the past? You led me to believe that you were never in a long-term relationship before me. Now I am understanding that you and another woman were in a serious, lengthy relationship. I have bared my soul to you, telling you about my family life back home and how I felt about my breakup with Victor. I read an article about you and Courtney. I had to find out in an article about how much you two loved each other and that you will be rekindling your romance while doing this album together.” My words rush out. Disappointment is evident in my voice. 
“Don’t be like that, Noelle. The only woman I have ever had a serious relationship with is you. I can’t help what happened in the past. The main thing is that you are my here and now. You are my future,” he stresses.
“Really, Beau?” I question him with a doubt-tinged voice. “Life and love as we know it aren’t that easy.”
“Noelle…baby, l know that we haven’t known each other for years. It may even seem like we have moved too fast in our relationship, but you can trust my love and commitment to you. Do you trust me, baby?”
“I want to trust you. I really do. Please, don’t do anything to make me not trust you, Beau.”
“I promise I won’t. Come here,” he says, pulling me against his chest. “I love you, Noelle Winters,” he declares, placing a kiss on top of my head.” Stop finding problems where there aren’t any. The stress can’t be good for you or the baby,” he adds before placing a hand protectively over my stomach.
“I love you too, Beau Barringer,” I return his sentiment of love as I look up into his eyes.
Our lips meet warmly as he thrusts his tongue between my lips to intertwine his tongue with my own. We seal our confession of love for each other with a kiss that warms me through and through.
Beau pulls away from me and looks into my eyes. 
“We are having a celebration on Friday night in honor of finishing the album. It’s at a renowned private club called Club Capri, and I want you to go with me. I will arrange a stylist to do your hair and make-up. I will also have someone send you a complete outfit over, including shoes and accessories. I don’t want you to worry about a thing.  On second thought, invite Shelby and Erick too. I will arrange the stylist to handle Shelby’s hair and make-up as well,” Beau generously offers.
I feel better knowing that Shelby will be with me at this affair. I am still not comfortable when Beau changes into his high-profile persona. I know that if I am planning to be with him for the long haul, I must do everything in my power to get use to his lifestyle.
“Thank you, honey. If you want me by your side, then I am here. I will do anything to support my man,” I say, snuggling closer against his chest.
My heart is suddenly feeling lighter from Beau’s assurances. Even if my doubts still plague the back of my mind, I feel I must trust Beau and our love for each other if our relationship is going to survive the test of time.
“Is that a fact?” he asks, looking at me with lust-filled eyes.
“Do I need to prove it to you?” I begin to feel a slickness gathering between my thighs.
“Feel what you do to me,” he replies before taking my hand to feel his lengthy hard on beneath his pajama bottoms.
My mouth waters as I feel the length of his hot steel beneath my hand. My hand itches to feel itself wrapped around his hardness. I slide my hand beneath his pajama bottoms and release his morning erection for my hungry eyes to feast on.
Beau groans when my hands wrap around him and move in an up-and-down motion. I can see pre-cum appear on the tip of his penis. I place my lips against his penis head, and my tongue slips out to lick the drop of pre-cum into my mouth.
I enjoy Beau’s taste, which is a little bit salty in my mouth, before kissing around the head and down his length as I slowly tease him with what’s to come.  Beau is moaning from the ministrations of my hands as one hand glides beneath his hard shaft to grasp his balls.
I finally allow my mouth to take several inches of his hardness. My mouth stretches wider the more of him I take in. Beau begins to gyrate as his hand grips my hair and twists it around his wrist.
The up-and-down movements of my head intensify; my hand still grips and squeezes his balls to add extra friction to the pleasure my mouth is giving him. I savor every bit of him as my jaws open and suck around his stiffness.
“I want to taste you,” Beau growls out between clenched teeth. His voice is deep and laced with an unrestrained desire.
He instantly maneuvers me around without me removing my mouth from his hardness. I can hear my panties tearing away from my body before he places the lower half of my body over his mouth. I almost jump out of my skin from the first swipe of his tongue against my protruding clit.
“Mmm…I crave the taste of you all day every day,” he mutters against the slickness of my plump pussy lips. “No one has or ever will make me feel the way I feel for you.”
I moan with unrepentant pleasure as the stiffness of his tongue between my wet, sticky lips brings me to the brink of ecstasy. Beau grasps my ass and forces me completely down onto his mouth. He attacks my love tunnel with even more relish. He acts like he can’t get enough of me, and the feeling is the same for me. I grind my sticky love juices all over his lips and face as an orgasm consumes me like a heavy rainfall.
I can feel Beau throbbing and pulsating, growing bigger in my mouth as he continues to eat me out like a starving man. I relax even more as he slides down further into my throat and releases his hot load. I drink of him and swallow everything he offers me before letting him plop from between my lips.
I am totally satiated and blissfully pleasured by the time Beau turns me around to lie against his muscular, broad chest. We have no words as our heart rates return to normal, and he holds me close in his loving arms.


Chapter 23

Noelle

Tonight’s the Night

Beau has out done himself. He splurged and got Shelby and me a suite of our very own in one of the most expensive hotels in the city. I feel like a princess as I lie on the table getting a massage by the two masseurs that Beau provided for Shelby and me. Although Shelby comes from a rich family and grew up with a silver spoon in her mouth, she is humble and appreciative of Beau’s generosity.
This is what I have always loved about my best friend: she doesn’t have a snobbish bone in her body. Even though I grew up in an upper-middle class home, Shelby has never made me feel any different. Shelby has had nannies and maids all of her life, until she went away to college and moved out of her parents’ home.
“This is so sweet of Beau,” Shelby says, cutting into my thoughts as she lies on the masseur’s table across from me.
“I think so as well.”
“Are you excited about tonight? I know that I am. Club Capri isn’t a club that is easy to get as a patron,” she admits. “Nothing but A-list performers will be there, I am sure,” she adds with a knowing grin plastered to her face.
“I’m sure there will be,” I suddenly become uncomfortable with the thought because I know that Courtney Nicks will be there. I also wonder how Beau will act around her with me present.
“What’s wrong? I don’t like the sound of your voice.”
My friend knows me so well. If something is bothering me, it doesn’t take her long to pick up on it. It’s the same way with me. I can always tell when something is eating away at my friend. I know I can talk to Shelby about anything, and she never judges me.
“Are you feeling well?” she questions me again with concern etched on her face.
The masseurs finish up, which I am glad for. I don’t want to have this conversation with an audience around. We thank them for a job well done. When Shelby and I try to give them a tip, they assure us that Mr. Barringer has taken care of everything. Shelby escorts them to the door as they gather their supplies and leave.
Our manicures and pedicures are already done. The stylists will be up in an hour to do Shelby’s and my hair and make-up. 
“We are alone now, so spill it. Tell me what’s bothering you so we can fix it. I don’t want anything putting a damper on tonight for you. This is a happy occasion celebrating your man’s success.”
“You’re right, Shelby. I should feel excited about tonight,” I say, walking over to the snack table the hotel has provided. 
There are little cute sandwiches, vegetable sticks and dip, as well as a bottle of champagne for Shelby. Beau is so sweet; he was sure to include a bottle of sparkling apple cider for me. I pick up a miniature sandwich and take a bite before taking a seat in one of the comfortable chairs.
Shelby pours herself a glass of the expensive champagne before taking a seat across from me. “Tick…tick,” Shelby says with a teasing grin.
“I am feeling fine…it’s just that…” I let my voice trail off so I can formulate my words to try and not sound like an insecure shrew.
“What is it? You know that you can always tell me anything. Now isn’t any different,” she says in a gentle tone.
Maybe if I admit my fears aloud to her and get them out in the open, they won’t seem so big after all. Maybe Shelby can convince me that I am overreacting, and I can lay my doubts to rest once and for all. I take a deep breath and let my words spill forth.
“Beau has an ex-girlfriend who is in town, and he didn’t tell me about it. I had to find out through Victor.”
“Wait, why are you still talking to Victor? I thought we agreed the best thing for you to do is to cut that slimeball out of your life?”
“Well, you might have to get use to that slimeball being around because he wants to be a father to his baby, but that’s another story that I will have to tell you about later.”
“I’m going to hold you to that because I don’t like Victor being back in your life, not one bit,” she says, taking a sip from her champagne glass. “Now, back to Beau’s ex-girlfriend. What does she have to do with you and Beau?”
“Beau led me to believe that he has never been as serious about anyone as he has been with me. But the article online tells a different tale.” I reach for my cell phone and pull up the article that I had bookmarked earlier.
Shelby reaches for my cell phone and reads the article. I give her time to take in what the article is implying.
“Hmm, looks like he was very serious about this Courtney Nicks. I see she is famous in her own right.”
“That’s what I don’t understand. If he was so in love with this woman, why didn’t he tell me? I have told him everything about me. He didn’t even tell me that they will be performing two duets in his upcoming album. They are love songs at that,” I add.
“I know Beau loves you, Noelle. Magazines always try to make things sound worse than they really are. You can’t believe everything you read,” she says laying my cell on the table in front of her.
“You really think I have nothing to worry about?”
“I am positive that you don’t,” she says, picking up a newspaper that the hotel provided.
She looks at the front page and then suddenly closes it in a hurry. She looks at me quickly and then looks away as she stuffs the newspaper down inside her chair. She then drains the contents in her champagne glass.
“Let’s see what’s on television,” she says in a nervous voice. “We have about twenty minutes to waste before the stylists arrive for our hair and make-up.”
“Shelby, what is wrong with you all of a sudden? Don’t think I didn’t see you trying to hide that newspaper. Give it here,” I extend my hand.
Shelby shakes her head no. Her hair falls loosely, covering the worried look in her eyes.
“Okay,” I say. “Have it your way.”
Then I catch her by surprise and lunge for the newspaper. I snatch it up from between her seat where she wedged it.
“Noelle!” she shouts.
“Shelby!” I shout back with a laugh. “Now let me see what you don’t want me to see.”
My laughter dies a quick and sudden death as I look at the black and white images before my eyes.
“Now remember what I said earlier, Noelle. Newspapers lie just as much as magazines do,” she says in a pleading voice.
“Shelby, how the hell is a picture going to lie? It is true what they say: a picture is really worth a thousand words,” I say in a trembling voice.
Tears slide down my cheeks as my eyes drink up the image of Beau’s lips plastered against Courtney Nicks’. They are clinging together in a lover’s embrace. The headline reads, “Lovers reunited after almost two years apart.”
I feel sick to my stomach. I’m feeling sicker than I have during my whole pregnancy. I have been one of the lucky ones; I haven’t even experienced one bout of morning sickness so far. But looking at this image has me throwing the newspaper down and fleeing to the restroom as if my life depends on it.
Shelby’s concerned voice calls out to me, but I can’t answer her as bitter bile rises in my throat. I barely make it to the stall before everything I’ve eaten that day empties from my stomach. Shelby comes and kneels beside me as she holds my hair back. I feel a cool cloth on my forehead that she must have stopped and got along the way.
“Breathe, sweetheart,” she says in a soothing, gentle voice. “Just breathe through it.”
“He lied to me,” I say as tears, mixed with my snot, run down my face.
“Here,” says Shelby, giving me a toothbrush with a minty toothpaste already spread across the top of it.
I brush my teeth and rinse my mouth out with the mouthwash Shelby has already waiting for me. She remains quiet and goes over to the large shower to adjust the water to a comfortable temperature before she urges me to take off my robe. She insists a refreshing shower will make me feel better.
“Everything will be alright. I promise you,” she says before walking out of the bathroom to give me the privacy I need.
I let my tears mix with the water from the shower as the water rinses them away. Beau has now hurt me a thousand times worse than Victor ever could. I let the shower wet my hair as my heart continues to break. I can’t get the image of Beau kissing another woman out of my head. The same lips that kiss me so intimately are on another woman’s lips. 
I am so full of sorrow and anger at the same time. I know I need to get my act together because I have more than me to think about. I have an innocent baby who I am carrying that I must think of first and foremost.
“The stylists are here,” Shelby calls from behind the bathroom door.
I shut off the shower and dry off with a big, fluffy towel. I take a hand towel to wrap around my wet hair, slide back into my robe, and step out into the room where Shelby and the stylists are waiting.
“I’m not going, Shelby, but I want you to go on when the car arrives to pick us up. I want you to go and enjoy yourself because Erick will be there already waiting for you. Please don’t let what is going on with me stop you from having a good time tonight.”
“No! I won’t go without you. What will Beau say when I arrive alone? He will be livid with me. I know what you saw in the newspaper looks bad, and I totally understand you being angry with Beau. But don’t give away your man that easily, Noelle. Fight for what’s yours.”
“Shelby, I can’t compete with Courtney Nicks. I look towards the stylists as they pretend to get their supplies together, but I know they can hear every word.
Shelby sees the direction that I am looking and walks over to speak quietly with them. They walk out of the room and promise to give us at least ten minutes alone but remind us that time is ticking.
“Come over here and sit down for a minute, Noelle.”
I comply with Shelby’s request, but she isn’t going to change my mind.
“I am your friend…and your sister. I am not going to steer you wrong. If you really love Beau, be by his side. I have never dated anyone famous, but I know there will be women that will flock to him like bees to honey. You better thicken your skin because these skanks aren’t loyal to anybody. All they see are dollar signs, and they are waiting in the wings to take your place.”
“Shelby, Courtney Nicks isn’t a skank. She is someone that Beau has had feelings for. They have a past. I am sure that when she looks at him, she doesn’t see dollar signs. She’s already famous and has her own money. They are two of a kind, and he and I are as different as night and day.”
Shelby frowns at me and shakes her head in disappointment.
“I never would have thought that I would see the day when my strong best friend would give up and walk away with her tail tucked between her legs.”
I can feel myself getting angry. The anger that I am feeling towards Beau’s betrayal is being redirected towards Shelby.
“I am the one who is hurting! You are supposed to be on my side, Shelby. Why are you defending Beau and his actions?” I ask her as tears threaten to fall once again.
“I want you to fight for Beau, if it comes down to it. I feel he loves you and will never do anything to hurt you. I see the way he looks at you when you aren’t looking. His looks haven’t given me any indication that he’s leaving you. Confront him about the picture after the party tonight, but don’t just not show up for him when he’s expecting you to be by his side,” she says, wiping a salty tear away from my cheek.
“Girl, if I didn’t love you like a sister, I wouldn’t take your advice. I will go, and I pray I will be able to hold my peace until I get Beau alone later,” I relent.
“Okay, girl,” Shelby gives me a dazzling smile. “But whatever you do, you must remain calm. I am sure photographers will be there getting pictures, and I don’t want your picture on one of those rags,” she giggles before crossing the room to allow our stylists back in to do their magic and make us presentable for tonight.


Chapter 24

Noelle

The Choice is His

Shelby and I arrive at Club Capri in style. My red, draped, clingy, knee-length dress fits me perfectly.  My small baby bump is unnoticeable since the clingy dress drapes over my curves. The back of my dress is designed with see-through lace. I complement my dress with four-inch, Liliana Riva heels. I spritz my neck, wrists, and pulse points with Midnight Wishes perfume. I love the way the perfume has a dark and appealing sent, especially designed for night life. Over time, the scent transitions into a delicate, floral smell and lingers with a sultry, woody scent.
Shelby is beautifully dressed in a black mini dress with kimono-style sleeves, accompanied by a wide, colorful, Elastene belt. Her Paprika Julio-s, leatherette, six-inch stilettos go perfectly with her skintight mini dress. 
Shelby and I walk into the club, and Beau’s assistant is already on the lookout for us. He escorts us to a table that is assigned to Beau. Erick is already seated at the table, along with some other VIP’s. Some I recognize and some I don’t.
Erick stands up from the table when Shelby and I arrive. I can tell he is pleased by how beautiful Shelby looks from the flare of desire that rises in his eyes. He greets each of us with a hug and gives a kiss to Shelby on the lips before seating us.
Everyone makes quick introductions and greets us politely as we are seated. Shelby and I return their friendly greeting.
“Where is Beau?” I turn towards Erick and ask him.
The music is blaring hard rock and roll. I look around to see if I can spot him. 
“He was here waiting for you to arrive, but his manager needed a word with him. He said something about needing him to make a special appearance for the photographers,” Erick replies before returning his eyes to Shelby.
I can see a blush begins to color Shelby’s cheeks as he notices the intense look that Erick is bestowing on her.
“What do you ladies want to drink?” Erick asks us finally, pulling his eyes away from Shelby to include me in his question.
“I will take a ginger ale,” I say, hoping it will settle my still queasy stomach.
“Surprise me,” says Shelby.
Erick stands up and promises to be back in a jiffy as he makes his way over to the bar.
“Smile, Noelle. Don’t look so worried. Everything will be fine. You will see,” Shelby says, trying to soothe my worries.
“I hope so,” I reply as Erick comes back to place our drinks before us.
I take a sip from my drink just before the lights dim and the music stops. I can see a spotlight appear on the large stage that is in the center of the club. Beau’s manager, Dave Dillinger, steps forward and walks up to the microphone.
“I personally want to thank each of you for coming out here tonight. I have a surprise for you that will make your Christmas brighter,” he says with a chuckle. “By special request from the higher ups, the people that make it possible for me to get my bread and butter,” he chuckles at his own lame joke. “Beau Barringer and the beautiful and sexy Courtney Nicks will be performing two duets from Beau Barringer’s new and upcoming album titled, This Is It!”
There are a barrage of whistles and hand claps as a curtain parts behind Dave to reveal Beau, Courtney, and his band, already waiting to perform. Dave quickly steps down from the stage as the band begins to play. The music fills the club with the first strings from Beau’s guitar.
He looks more handsome than ever dressed in Armani Sterling-bleached, black jeans. The black and white, long-sleeved, Armani shirt matched his jeans perfectly.  Black, chunky-heeled, Valentino, badass boots encase his long feet and added to his overall look. Beau’s only jewelry is the black face of his gold, Oyster Rolex on his wrist.
I reluctantly tear my eyes from Beau to get my first look at Courtney Nicks. I can’t help but notice how Courtney’s breasts spill out of the plunging neckline of her short, leather, tight-fitting dress. There are fringes at the hemline of her dress that swish when she moves. She has on black, Christian Louboutin, red-bottom heels to compliment her dress.
She faces Beau and looks up into his face as they croon the love song to each other, as if they are the only two in the room. Shelby’s hand covers mine to give it an assuring squeeze. I look away from the stage momentarily and look into my friend’s eyes. 
I tear my eyes from hers and look back at the stage to torture myself. To see Beau and Courtney so enraptured with one another is slowly killing me inside. I can feel a burn behind my eyelids as I attempt to hold back hurtful tears.
By the time they make it through one song, they immediately go into the next duet. Courtney’s hand reaches out to touch Beau’s cheek tenderly. They look into each other’s eyes; her other hand presses against his other cheek before she brings his face down to end the performance with a kiss. The kiss lingers before Beau pulls away. 
I have finally had enough, but I stay and look on as the man that I love just sang his heart out to and with another woman. I am tortured beyond imagination as I think of my life without Beau’s newfound love.
The last words of the love song linger in my ears, even amongst the applause of the audience. Beau looks out over the audience. His eyes grace my face for the first time. He looks at me with dazed eyes before a clarity returns.
I know he can see tears spilling down my cheeks. He has embarrassed me by making me come here to witness this monstrosity. 
“Come on, let’s go,” Shelby’s words pull my eyes away from the stage. “I am so sorry I made you come here. I had no idea…” Her words linger unfinished.
Erick stands from the table with Shelby and looks at me with concern. I can feel another bout of nausea coming on. 
“What do you want to do, Noelle? We will see that you get home safely if you are ready to go, or I can go up there now and kick Beau’s ass for you,” Erick says with anger in his eyes.
Erick’s voice seems far away. I stand too quickly and become light-headed. I look up at the stage, and Beau steps down, coming my way. He leaves Courtney on stage as he continues in my direction.
“Noelle,” I hear Shelby call my name.
I grasp the edge of the table. My tongue becomes too thick in my mouth to speak. I can feel myself swaying. I hear someone at our table gasp before everything goes black.


TO BE CONTINUED…
BOOKS 2, 3, 4, AND 5 IN THE NOELLE’S ROCK SERIES IS AVAILABLE.


