NOMA’S AWAKENING
by
Thabi Majabula
Published by Thabi Majabula at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Thabi Majabula
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination and should not be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons (living or dead), actual events, locale or organizations is entirely coincidental.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
GLOSSARY
OTHER BOOKS BY THABI MAJABULA

CHAPTER ONE
I will never forgive you for this, Samuel, never, vowed Noma. She was at the well, fetching water in the early evening. The children had only eaten one meal that day, and they had not been to school. Thinking about this made her furious. I will never forgive you for this, Samuel, never, she vowed again.
Her last goat had died, as a result, she no longer had access to milk for her two elder children. It had been their staple relish, and without it, she would have to watch her children die from starvation.
“I will never forgive you for this, Samuel, never,” she said out loud.
“MaDube, is everything alright?” a voice asked. Noma realised that the other women at the well were looking at her strangely.
“I’m fine,” she said. She finished filling her two drums with water, then she pushed the wheel barrow home.
Home was a dilapidated hut. It was going to cave in on her and her children, killing them all. I will never forgive you for this, Samuel, never, she vowed. She had tears of fury in her eyes. She stopped, to wipe away the tears, then she pushed the wheel barrow close to the door of her hut.
The children were quiet. She could not see them. She entered her hut. The children were lying down quietly beside each other, under one blanket. The youngest, Mduduzi, was lying between the elder two.
Noma sat down beside them, Mdu was asleep, but she could tell by their breathing, that Thandi and Sipho were still awake. After a while, she could tell that they had fallen asleep.
She went to sit outside her hut, leaning against its wall. She could see her parents’ homestead a short distance away from her hut. It was early evening. Children were playing under the moonlight. Noma could smell meat being cooked. The children were called to the kitchen to eat. The dogs went to lie outside the kitchen door.
I’m going to have to swallow my pride, and ask my parents for help.
“I hate you, Samuel, and I’ll never forgive you,” she whispered as tears of fury slid down her cheeks. Her parents had offered her help several times, but she had refused. Now, there was no alternative, but to accept it, unless she wanted her children to die.
“Samuel, when I die, I will find you, and I’ll kill you again,” she muttered. She carried the barrels of water into her hut, then she lay down beside her children.
“Mama. Mama, wake up,” she heard. She opened her eyes. Thandi was seated beside her, looking at her with excitement in her eyes.
“Gogo says you have visitors,” said Thandi.
“Visitors?”
“Yes, everyone’s waiting for you,” said Thandi, then she ran out of the hut.
Noma sat up, and looked round the hut, it was empty. The children had folded their grass mats and blankets, and put them away.
Noma used some water to clean herself up quickly, then she put on her best dress. It was faded, and she had patched it many, many times. She looked at herself in her small mirror.
She was five foot five, full-figured, and looked as if she ate like a queen every day. She neatened her appearance, then she looked at her hair. It looked like a bird's nest. She could not remember the last time that she had had it plaited. She picked up her last, and best doek, and tied it neatly on her head, then she walked quickly to her parents’ home.
“Your guests are in there,” said Ma, meeting her at the gate. They walked toward the living hut.
“Who is it?” asked Noma.
“Just go in, they’re waiting.”
Noma entered the hut. She sat close to the door. The sun outside was very bright, and for a few seconds, she could not see who was in the hut. She gave a general greeting.
Her eyes adjusted, and she smiled, seeing familiar faces. No-one smiled back at her. She looked at Baba. He was watching her, then he looked away.
“What’s going on?” she asked.
“Your in-laws have come to fetch their children,” said Noma's Babomkhulu. Noma’s heart started thumping.
“What children are you talking about?” she asked.
“The ones you stole when you left their homestead.”
“I did not steal any children!”
“The Celes paid amalobolo, the children belong to them. You should never have left with them.”
“The only children I left with are mine.”
“You have no children, the children belong to the Cele clan. Pack their bags, they’re going now.”
Noma’s blood felt cold in her veins. She shook her head.
“No. No. They’re not going anywhere. Who’ll take care of them? Who’ll feed them? Who will love them?” she asked.
“Your only concern is to pack their things,” said Tina, one of Samuel’s sisters.
“No-one is taking my children!” Noma shouted.
“Thula! You kidnapped those children,” said one of Samuel’s aunts.
“How can I kidnap my own children?”
“You don’t have children! Children belong to the father.”
“Their father is dead. I’m the one looking after them.”
“Their Babomncane is here to take care of them.”
“That is my job, I’m their mother.”
“They say they miss school on some days, that they eat one meal a day, and they are in rags. It’s obvious you’re a very negligent parent,” said Maxine, another of Samuel’s sisters.
“I am not negligent!” gasped Noma.
“We’re taking our children. How could you steal them?”
“I did not steal them!”
“I always told Samuel that he’d made a big mistake when he married you. You are uneducated, uncivilised, and you have no ubuntu. I can’t imagine what he ever saw in you. Let’s take our children.”
Noma looked at the rest of the Cele clan, they all had a resolved look in their eyes. She looked at Joseph.
“Babomncane, please don’t do this,” she said.
“We haven’t come to reason with you, we’ve come to take our children,” said Joseph.
She went to kneel before him.
“Please don’t take them from me, they are all I have left.”
“I offered to marry you, and you looked at me as if I was a dog, a dog!”
“Have you come to take revenge by stealing my children?”
“The Celes cannot steal what is theirs,” said Babomkhulu.
“Give me a little more time with them, please. Let me wean Mduduzi, at least. He’s too young to be without his mother,” pleaded Noma.
“You should have thought of that when Buti offered to marry you,” said Tina.
“We have a long journey ahead of us,” said Joseph to his sisters.
They stood, and left the hut.
“Where are they going?” Noma asked Joseph.
“To fetch my children.”
“No, no!” screamed Noma. She stood, and rushed out of the hut.
She found Samuel’s sisters in her hut. One was gathering the children’s clothes. One was putting shoes on Sipho’s feet. One was carrying Mduduzi. He was crying, stretching his arms towards his mother. Noma made to take him, and Tina moved him away from her.
“What’s going on, Mama? Are we all going with the aunts? Are we coming back?” asked Thandi. Noma was crying, running after Mdu, who was being kept away from her. She made to hug Sipho, Maxine picked him up, and kept him from her. Noma turned to Thandi, she was picked up by Joseph. She watched as her children and their meagre belongings were taken to the waiting cars.
“Mama, Mama, get your shoes, we’ll wait for you,” Thandi said, as Joseph helped her into a car. Mduduzi was screaming as loudly as he could, still stretching his arms out to Noma.
“Let me hold my baby,” she screamed.
Joseph and his family climbed into the two waiting cars, and drove off.
“Mama! Mama!” shouted Sipho. He was leaning out of a car window, stretching a hand out to his mother. Noma was running beside the car. She had tears streaming down her face.
“Come, Mama, come,” shouted Thandi. She too, was stretching a hand out to Noma. She leaned too far out of the window in an effort to help her mother, then she was pulled back into the car as it speeded up.
Noma was left behind, and still she ran. She could see all her children crying, looking out of the car window at her. The dust made by the cars on the road went into her eyes, hurting them. She continued to run, until she tired.
She stood in the middle of the dust road, weeping. She fell to her knees, then on her belly, still crying. Eventually, the tears stopped. She sat up, then she stood, and wandered about aimlessly.
When she tired, she rested. She finally arrived in her home after dark. She sat on her pile of blankets. She heard approaching footsteps.
“Nomalanga, Nomalanga, are you there?” asked Ma. Noma did not have the strength to reply. She heard Ma’s footsteps receding, and lay down, feeling numb.
She was hungry when she woke up. There was no food in the hut. She sat up, and drank some water. She freshened up, then she sat on her blankets. She looked round the hut, it was very empty.
Her eyes started watering as she remembered the events from the day before. She wiped the tears away angrily. I will never forgive you for this, Samuel, she thought.
She spent the next few days sitting and sleeping in her hut. She would not talk to the people who visited her.
A week later, she sat up.
“That is it! No more sitting around doing nothing,” she said. She freshened up, dressed, and looked at herself in the mirror. She shook her head, seeing how much weight she had gained. She had never eaten as little food as she had eaten in the past year, yet she had gained weight. She smiled thinly. At least the weight made her look less as if she had the incurable illness. It suited her five foot five frame. She looked at her face. She had been pretty once, but marriage had wreaked havoc. Samuel had been right, no man would want her.
She packed her few possessions into a bag, and started walking. She did not remember when she had last eaten. Her body was weak, and she had to force herself to put one foot infront of the other.



CHAPTER TWO
She rested a while, then she continued to walk. The sun rose. She heard a bus coming her way. It drove past her, then it stopped slightly ahead of her, at the bus stop. There was no one there, it idled. Noma walked past it, it hooted. She continued to walk.
“Noma, Noma, Nomalanga,” a voice called. Noma stopped, and looked back. A man was leaning out of the bus, looking at her. She had never laid eyes on him.
“Let’s go,” he said. She turned away from him. The bus drove up beside her, and stopped.
“Noma, let’s go,” a woman said. Noma turned to the bus, and smiled.
“Hi, Lindi,” she said.
“Let’s go,” said Lindi.
“I have no money.”
“I’ll pay,” said Lindi. Noma climbed into the bus, and followed Lindi to her seat. They exchanged greetings, then Lindi focused on the people beside her, laughing and talking to them. The bus arrived at its destination, and everyone alighted.
“Where are you going?” asked Lindi.
“I came to look for a job,” said Noma.
“Where will you stay?”
“I don’t know.”
“Come with me.”
Noma was very glad to accept Lindi’s offer. She had been enthusiastic when she had left home, but as the bus had driven further and further away from familiar places, she had started asking herself if she was doing the right thing. She had no place to stay, and she would die from starvation.
A man approached Lindi, and hugged her. Lindi introduced him as Ceasar. She and Ceasar took her luggage to a car. Noma followed with her luggage. They all climbed into the car, and drove off. Noma wondered when Lindi had gotten married, she had not heard about the wedding.
She gasped as they drove through a big gate, onto a beautiful driveway. It led to a fantastic home, the type that Noma had only seen in magazines. The car stopped, and they all climbed out. They unpacked Lindi's luggage, then they walked into the house.
Lindi showed Noma to a bedroom.
“Is he your husband?” asked Noma.
“No.”
“Who is he?”
“A man. Get cleaned up, and come for supper.” They ate in the lounge, watching people in a box.
Lindi and the man became amorous, touching and kissing in ways that Noma found embarrassing. She bade them goodnight, and went to her bedroom. She tossed and turned on the strange bed. The amorous noises being made by her hosts made it more difficult for her to fall asleep.
Next morning, Noma, cleaned her room, and herself, then she went to make breakfast. Her hosts were very pleasantly surprised. Ceasar went to work after breakfast.
Noma and Lindi cleaned the house, it was fairly clean. Afterwards, they sat reading magazines, watching TV, and listening to the radio. They had sandwiches for lunch, then in the late afternoon, they cooked dinner.
Ceasar arrived, and they all had dinner. Next morning, Noma mentioned to Lindi that she needed work.
“What are you qualified to do?” asked Lindi.
“Nothing.”
“Then you have no chance of getting work.”
“Don't say that.”
“I'm trained to be a PA, and I can't get work, what chance do you think you have?”
“I have to try.”
Later, Lindi dressed well and told Noma that she was going out. As soon as she left, Noma went knocking on neighbour's doors, looking for work. She returned home just after dark, exhausted.
“Where were you? I've been here ages,” Lindi said testily.
“I went to look for work.”
“Did you get it?”
“No.”
“Unlock the door.” Noma unlocked the door, Lindi went to sit in the lounge, clearly exhausted. Noma quickly made sandwiches for them both. Lindi ate hers quickly, then she looked at Noma.
“You're useful to have around. I was dreading getting up to find food,” she said. Noma cleared away the dishes, then she started making dinner. When she was done, she went to shower. She felt better afterwards.
She went to the kitchen. Lindi and Ceasar were eating.
“Sorry, Ceasar was too hungry to wait for you,” said Lindi.
“That's fine,” said Noma. A plate of food had been dished up for her, and it was covered. She washed her hands, and sat down to eat.
Next day, she went further afield, looking for work.
“Where did you go all day?” asked Lindi, when Noma returned home.
“I was looking for work.”
“Get cleaned up, then you can come and eat.”
Noma and Lindi were in the kitchen, as Lindi dished up the food that she had cooked, when Ceasar returned from work.
He was in a filthy mood. Everyone sat at the table. Ceasar complained about the food, the way Lindi maintained the house, and about sexual dissatisfaction. Noma was embarrassed beyond words, she wanted to die.
“You know what to do if I'm not satisfactory,” said Lindi. Noma looked on in horror, as Ceasar threw a plate of food at Lindi. Lindi ducked, then she stood. Ceasar stood too, and approached her. He slapped her, she kneed him in the groin.
They punched and kicked each other. Noma stood, then she screamed in shock and horror. Lindi and Ceasar stopped fighting, and looked at her. Ceasar released Lindi's hair, and left. Noma sat down abruptly, her knees felt too weak to hold her.
When she started breathing normally again, she realised that she was alone in the room. She found Lindi in the bathroom, bathing the places where she had been hurt.
“Why do you stay with him? Let's get out of here,” said Noma. Lindi looked up from the wound that she had been cleaning.
“Where would we go?” she asked.
“There's got to be someone you know.”
“I know you, and you know no one. I'm staying here. Go if you like, but I'm staying.”
“You deserve better than this.”
When Lindi was done, Noma helped her to the room that she shared with Ceasar. She tucked her into bed, then she went to her own bedroom.
She sat on the bed, wondering what would happen when Ceasar returned.
A car drove up to the house, after midnight, then Noma heard footsteps approaching the house. She could tell by their sound, that Ceasar was drunk. He stood a long time, outside the front door. Noma assumed that he was having trouble unlocking it.
She left her bedroom, and approached the front door.
“Don't open it,” said Lindi. Noma noticed her, a few paces from the front door. They stood waiting.
Ceasar eventually let himself into the house. He looked at Lindi, and walked to his bedroom. Lindi followed him, and Noma heard their bedroom door closing. She stood a while, ready to help Lindi if she needed help.
She returned to her bedroom some time later, having heard no sound from her hosts’ bedroom.
She woke early next morning, made breakfast, then she left. She spent most of the day looking for work, in vain.
“Where were you?” demanded Lindi, when Noma returned home.
“I was looking for work, we have to get out of here,” she said.
“You're so optimistic. It's sweet. The only way you’ll get a job, is by knowing someone. Work for Ceasar.”
“He can get me a job? If he gets us both jobs, we can leave.”
“What they have on offer, I'm not willing to take.”
“What are they offering?”
“Cleaning and tea making.”
“I'll take it.”
“I'll see if he'll arrange an interview for you. He doesn't want anyone he knows working with him. He once helped a cousin work with him, and the cousin embezzled, giving him a bad name. Now, he refuses to help people.”
“Oh,” said Noma.
“Don't lose hope, I haven't spoken to him yet. You look tired, I'll get you something to eat.”
Ceasar arrived, they all had dinner, then they watched TV.
“Noma wants to make tea in your office,” said Lindi. Noma's heart was pounding as Ceasar looked from Lindi, to her.
“You're looking for someone to do that, she's looking for a way to make money. She speaks English, she can read and write, but she's not trained to do anything,” continued Lindi.
Ceasar was watching Noma steadily. He studied her from the top of the head to her feet.
“She's a terrible dresser,” he said. Noma felt as if he had stabbed her.
“She'll wear a uniform when she's working, and I'll lend her something decent for the interview,” said Lindi.
“If you can get her to my office tomorrow at ten, I'm sure the human resources person will interview her.” Lindi kissed Ceasar's cheek.
“Thank you so much,” she said. He kissed her deeply, then the two of them left the lounge. Noma could hear them making up very noisily. She went to sit outside, to get away from the noise.
She returned to the house when she noticed that their bedroom light had been switched off, and she could no longer hear their sounds.
Next morning, Ceasar left for work. Lindi lent Noma some clothes, then they caught a taxi to Ceasar's office. Noma asked for the human resources person, then she was lead to her office.
When she came out of the office, she was smiling.
“Did you get it?” asked Lindi. Noma nodded. They went to eat at a restaurant, to celebrate.



CHAPTER THREE
Next morning, Noma woke early, made breakfast, then she went to catch a taxi to work. She was glad that Lindi had shown her the way to work the day before.
When Ceasar arrived, he was surprised to see her. She had been at work for over an hour, cleaning before the people who used the offices arrived for work.
She was exhausted when she left work at half past three.
“How was work?” asked Lindi.
“Tiring, but I'm glad to have it,” said Noma.
Ceasar arrived for dinner.
“I didn't expect to see you at work that early,” he said to Noma.
“I want to make a good impression.”
“I thought we'd go in together.”
“I start very early, it's best that I use taxis.”
Noma felt less and less tired as she got used to her work load.
The last day of the month arrived, and she was paid. She was very proud of herself. She went to buy grocery to help Lindi out, then she bought clothes, shoes, and some sweets for her children.
She had paid for everything, when she remembered that they did not live with her, and that she did not have access to them. She started crying uncontrollably. The store manager took her to his office, then he let her use his phone to phone Lindi to fetch her.
“What is the matter with you?” Lindi demanded in the cab that was taking them home.
“I bought all this for my children, then I remembered that I'm not allowed to see them,” said Noma.
“You've known that for some time.”
“Yes. It's just that I always dreamed of working, and giving them things that other children take for granted.”
“Who do your children live with?”
“Their uncle, Samuel's brother.”
“Samuel?”
“The man I was married to.”
“I never met him.”
“You didn't miss out on anything.”
“Nomalanga! How can you say that?” They arrived at their home, and climbed out of the car.
Noma showered and tried on her one new dress. She was buttoning it up, when she looked at her breasts, and started crying. Lindi ran into the room.
“What's the matter?” she asked.
“I don't have milk for my baby,” wept Noma.
“You don't live with him.”
“I know!” wept Noma.
“You haven't had milk in a while now.”
“I know, but today, it just feels terrible to not have milk for Mdu, and not to see him, or the others.” Lindi held Noma until she stopped crying.
Later, Lindi told Ceasar about fetching Noma home.
“Were you married?” asked Ceasar. Noma nodded.
“What happened to your husband?” continued Ceasar.
“He died.”
“I'm sorry.”
“So am I. If I’d died, his mother would have seen to it that he maintained the children. As it is, I'm useless as a parent. How can I call myself a parent when I can't provide the most basic things for them?”
“Where are your children now?”
“With their uncle, I assume he gave them to his mother to raise. I don't see him having the time to look after them, and he has no wife to do it for him. If he did have a wife, I'd worry that she was abusing them. I miss them so much.” She had no tears, all she felt was a deep pain.
She hardly slept, and at work, she operated on automatic pilot. She stopped trying to make friends, and kept strictly to her work. At home, she was miserable.
“I don't understand why you're sad now. You said you'd been separated from your children for almost two months. Why are you only sad now?” asked Lindi. Noma shook her head, having no answer.
Several weeks later, the human resources manager called her into his office.
“What's wrong with you, Nomalanga? You're losing weight, and the others complain that you ignore them when they talk to you,” he said. Noma shrugged.
“I need you to tell me what's wrong, maybe I can help you.”
“If you could get my children back from my former in-laws, I'd be very grateful,” said Noma.
“What are you talking about?” Noma told him the story.
“I'm sorry to hear that. There's not much I can do,” he said.
“I know. My work is not suffering. That's the important thing,” said Noma, then she returned to work.
She started forcing herself to eat, even if it was a little bit, she hoped that people would stop looking at her as if she had the incurable disease.
She returned home from work one evening, and found a car parked in the driveway. She went into the house and gasped when she saw the guest in the lounge with Lindi.
“Babomncane?” she said to Joseph. He stood, shocked to see her.
“Mamkhulu, what are you doing here?” he asked.
“I live here.”
“I don't understand.”
“I live here.”
“Are you married? Already?” Noma opened her mouth to contradict him.
“Yes, she's the lady of the house. She lets me stay here, but I'll have to leave soon. I've outstayed my welcome,” said Lindi. Noma looked at her in shock. Lindi gave her a don't-say-a-word look.
“Joe has to go, I'll see you out,” she said, trying to get Joseph to leave.
He could not take his eyes off Noma.
“Why wouldn't you marry me? Were you already seeing this other man?” he demanded.
“No!” said Noma.
“How can you be married this soon?”
“It was love at first sight. Let's go. Her husband will be furious if he finds you here, he doesn't like me to have guests,” said Lindi, trying to usher Joseph away from Noma.
“Where are my children?” asked Noma.
“Safe, where a whore like you can't get to them,” spat Joseph.
“What are you talking about? I'm not a whore.”
“Your children have hardly left your bosom, and already, you're in the arms of a man. You wanted to be rid of them, so you could be with a man. Didn't he want them?”
“How can you say that to me?”
“Get out, unless you want me to get into trouble,” said Lindi.
“I want to see my children,” said Noma.
“Never!” said Joseph. Lindi managed to get him out of the house, and into his car.
Within seconds of his departure, Ceasar drove into the driveway. He rushed into the house.
“Did that car just come out of my gate?” he demanded of Lindi.
“Yes.”
“Who was it, and what did he want?”
“It was Noma's babomncane. He came to tell her about her children.”
“Is this true?” Ceasar demanded.
“Yes. He came to tell me that I have no access to them,” Noma said, then she left the room.
She lay on her bed, looking at the ceiling, feeling numb. She refused to eat, she could not sleep, and she was glad not to be working the following day.
She left her room after midday, and found Lindi in the lounge.
“Thanks,” she said.
“For what?” asked Noma.
“Co-operating with me last night.”
“What's going on?”
“I'm taking your advice.”
“My advice?”
“I'm leaving Ceasar.”
“Oh!”
“Joseph wants to marry me.”
“I didn't even know that you knew him.”
“I met him several weeks ago. We meet when you're at work. I didn't know he was your babomncane. I'm going back to my parents' home. Joseph will marry me from there. I'm leaving now.”
“What?” asked Noma. Her heart was pounding.
“Joe is fetching me. He'll take me to the buses, I'm never coming back.”
“But...”
“I doubt Ceasar will throw you out. Continue to cook and clean, and you should be fine. You'll have to add laundry to your list of chores.”
“Lindi...”
“Here's Joe now,” said Lindi, getting to her feet.
In a daze, Noma helped her to take her luggage out to the car. Joseph glared at her, then he packed Lindi's luggage into the boot of his car. He gave Noma a last glare, then he climbed into the car.
Lindi hugged Noma, thanked her, then she climbed into the car. In disbelief, Noma watched as Lindi left her alone, with a strange man, who had no obligation whatsoever, to let her stay with him.
What am I going to do, she asked herself as she returned to the house. She sat in the lounge repeating that question to herself, and getting no answer.
Eventually, she went to cook dinner. After that, she ironed some clothes, and went to sleep after ten at night. Ceasar had not returned from his outing.
Next morning, she was still alone in the house. Ceasar returned in the evening. Noma went to hide in her bedroom, when he drove up to the house. She heard him enter the house, then he went to his bedroom.
“Lindi, Lindiwe,” he called. After a while, Noma heard him opening wardrobe doors. He was slow at first, then he became frantic.
Noma went to the kitchen, and pretended to be cleaning. Her heart pounded as she heard Ceasar approaching the kitchen.
“Where's Lindiwe? And where are her things?” he demanded.
“She left,” said Noma.
“When's she coming back?”
“I don't know.” Ceasar gave her a long look.
“She'll be back. She wouldn't have left you here if she was going for good,” he said, then he left. Noma heaved a sigh of relief.
She put dinner on the table, then she called him to eat. It took her a long time to sleep. She did not know how she was going to tell him that Lindi was not coming back.
He started coming home late every night. She only saw him at work. She stopped cooking dinner for him, because he never ate it. She felt awkward doing his laundry, but she did not know what she would do if he sent her away.
One morning, she found an envelope addressed to her on the kitchen table.
“I pay Lindi twice a month, since you've done her work, here are your wages. Ceasar,” Noma read. She counted out the money, it was thrice what she earned.
She looked about, expecting Ceasar to appear and tell her that he was joking. He did not appear. She returned the money to the envelope, put it back on the table, then she made breakfast. She looked at the envelope a last time, then she left for work. Over the next few days, the envelope stayed where she had left it.
She wanted to take it, but she was afraid that Ceasar would expect her to sleep with him. Two weeks later, another envelope joined it. She decided to take the money.
One evening, Ceasar returned home with a woman. They greeted Noma, then they went to Ceasar's bedroom. The noises that they made told Noma exactly what they were doing. The woman visited twice more, then she was replaced by another one.
Noma was relieved that Ceasar had no intention of sleeping with her. After four women had been to the house, she started to wonder why Ceasar did not find her attractive. He had never looked at her with desire, or tried to propose love to her. He clearly had a strong sex drive, why did he not approach her, she asked herself. She concluded that she must be very unattractive.
That thought saddened her. She thought of Samuel. He had been her only lover. She felt more sad realising that she could not remember how it had felt to be in his arms, or to be in bed with him.
One evening, Ceasar arrived earlier than usual. Noma included him in the meal that she was cooking, and they ate it together.
“I want to break up with Lindiwe,” he said.
“Oh!” said Noma.
“I have all the sex I want, and all I pay for is a meal or two. She's too expensive. I don't want her back. Write and tell her.”
“Er...”
“Or do nothing. When she returns, I'll tell her,” he said. Noma became uncomfortable as he watched her closely.
“You should find yourself a husband. Looking at you, anyone can see you're the type to marry, not the type to be played with. Your cousin has the marrying look too, but she cheapened herself by sleeping with me without marriage. I don't know why women do that. It's uncalled for. Is the fact that a man smiles a reason to fall into bed with him? You'd never go to bed with a man unless you were married to him. If I wasn't already married, I'd marry you.”
“Ceasar!” gasped Noma.
“I'm going to find you a husband, you're wasted here.”
“I'm not looking for a husband!”
“You should be. You need a husband, and children. Get your children back, get a husband, and get on with your life.”
“My former in-laws won't give me back my children.”
“Have you tried to get them back?”
“What's the point? They look after them better than I can.”
“Are you sure?”
“They have more resources.”
“If you could get them back, would you want them?”
“Of course!”
“I'll help you. I'm a lawyer. I can look into it.”
“How much will that cost?”
“We'll talk about that later.”
“I won't sleep with you.”
“I'm not asking you to. Give me your details, and the details of your in-laws,” said Ceasar. Noma told him her full name, Samuel and Joseph's names, then she gave him Joseph's address, and that of his mother. After that conversation, they reverted to their nodding acquaintance.
Noma started dreaming about Mama. Several days in a row, she dreamt about her. She wrote her a letter, and posted it. Once that was done, she stopped dreaming about her.



CHAPTER FOUR
At work, she realised that she was starting to look forward to seeing Mr Mnguni. He was a six foot two, soft-spoken, giant of a man, with a great smile, and a laugh that made Noma laugh. She considered him amazing, she had not wanted to laugh in years, but she laughed with him.
He took time to talk to her, and treated her as if he respected her. Soon after realising that she liked Mnguni, she realised that the other cleaners were starting to look at her oddly, and whisper about her. She could not understand why. One of the security guards told her that the other cleaners resented her because of her friendship with Mnguni. Noma could not believe it. She decided to be cool to the kindest man that she had ever met.
She took to cleaning his office first, to avoid seeing him. She took him tea when he had clients, and when he did not have clients, she asked one of the other cleaners to take him tea.
She was cleaning his office early one morning, when he arrived. They exchanged greetings, and she studiously ignored him.
“Have I offended you?” he asked. She looked at him in surprise.
“Have I offended you?” he repeated.
“No,” she replied.
“Then why are you avoiding me?”
“I'm not,” said Noma, looking away from him.
“I don't mean to offend you.”
“I know. It's just that...I work here,” said Noma, wringing her hands. Mnguni thought about her words, then he nodded.
“I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable,” he said, then he left the office. He became very business-like towards her. He would joke with the other cleaners, but never with her. She missed their camaraderie.
She was surprised when Ceasar brought him home for dinner. She set the dining room table for two, then she invited the men to eat. She took her food to the lounge.
“What are you doing here?” asked Ceasar.
“I'm giving you privacy.”
“We want to eat with you, come,” Ceasar said firmly. Noma took her plate to the dining room. She tried to stay out of the conversation, but her companions made sure to include her. Often, she found Mnguni watching her.
After the meal, she took the dishes to the kitchen. She told herself to stop hallucinating. She was the only woman at the table, that's why it seemed as if she was the centre of focus. It was an illusion, and she needed to see it as such, instead of setting herself up for disappointment.
She washed the dishes, bade the men goodnight, and went to sleep. Ceasar started bringing Mnguni for dinner more often. He always insisted that Noma dine with him and his guest.
One Saturday afternoon, Mnguni arrived to see Ceasar.
“He's not here,” said Noma.
“Can I wait for him?” asked Mnguni. Noma let him into the house. When she gave him tea, he insisted that she join him. She felt grungy, as she was wearing cleaning clothes. She decided that it would be too obvious if she changed. She also decided there and then, that she would use some of the money that Ceasar had paid her, to get some good clothes for herself. The rest would go into sending the children to school. She did not know when she would see them, or where she would pay the fees, but she felt good knowing that she was in a position to provide some things for her children.
A car stopped outside the front door. Noma went to the kitchen to get another cup for Ceasar. The doorbell rang. She frowned, Ceasar had never forgotten his house keys before. She went to open the door.
“You crazy woman! I never would have thought it of you!” shouted Joseph.
“Babomncane?” said a startled Noma.
“How could you do this?” demanded Joseph.
“What have I done?”
“You're having me and my family investigated! How dare you enquire into the well-being of my children! They are with me, it stands to reason that they are alright,” shouted Joseph.
“Is everything alright?” asked Mnguni from behind Noma.
“So you're the husband that put her up to it. Let me assure you that this woman will never get her hands on my children. Never!” vowed Joseph, then he left.
“Who is he?” asked Mnguni. Noma turned to look at him, then she closed the door.
“Is he your husband? You didn't tell me you had a husband,” said Mnguni.
“He's my late husband's brother.”
“What children is he talking about?”
“My girl, and my two boys. He and his family took them from me.”
“Are you trying to get them back?”
“I think so.”
“Come and sit down,” he said, putting a hand on her lower back. She felt warm, and cherished, after Joseph's harsh words. She sat down, and Mnguni sat beside her.
“Tell me about your children,” he said. Noma smiled.
“Thandi's ten. She can out-talk anyone. I think she'll make a good lawyer. Sipho's seven. He's so thoughtful, and does the sweetest things quietly. He'll melt any heart. Mduduzi's my youngest. He's almost two. They took him before I'd even weaned him,” she said. She stopped smiling, then she ran out of the room, feeling tears approaching. She stood crying in the kitchen. She put a hand over her mouth to silence her sobs, but it did not help.
She was surprised when a pair of arms held her close. She clung to the person holding her, weeping until she was exhausted. She made to draw away from the embrace, the arms round her tightened, she subsided.
After a while, she drew away, and glanced at Mnguni. He was watching her. She went to the bathroom to clean her face. She found Mnguni in the lounge.
“Are you alright?” he asked. She nodded.
“I have to go,” he said.
“Ceasar’s not back yet.”
“I'll see him another time. Thank you for the tea.”
“You're welcome,” said Noma, as she led him to the front door. He nodded at her, and left. She wondered why he had not brought his car.
She closed the door, and started thinking about her children. Were they alright? Feeling powerless, she started washing the dishes. She needed to bash something. She stopped washing the dishes in case she broke them. She went outside, and took her frustrations out on the weeds.
Ceasar returned as she set the table for dinner.
“Have you spoken to the Celes about my children?” she asked.
“Why do you ask?”
“Joseph came to tell me that I'll never see them. He was furious. What did you say to him and his people?”
“Nothing that he didn't deserve to hear. Don't worry, I'll take care of this.”
“Why? You don't owe me anything.”
“Let's eat.”
“Ceasar...”
“End of discussion.” During dinner, Noma told Ceasar that Mnguni had been to see him.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” she asked, as Ceasar gave her an odd look.
“His wife died six years ago,” he said.
“That's too bad.”
“I'm glad to see that he's letting himself move on. He has two children that he's raising himself.”
“That's noble. Most men would leave them with someone else.”
“Not him. He's always been very hands on. He even changed nappies. That's where I draw the line. He's a good man.”
A few days later at work, one of the security people told Noma that she had a guest at reception.
“Come outside with me,” said Lindi. Noma followed her, then she hugged her.
“How are you?” she asked.
“Fine, and you?”
“Good.”
“I'm getting married.”
“Congratulations!” said Noma, hugging Lindi again.
“Thank you. Your parents want to see you. They said to tell you to go this weekend.”
“What do they want?”
“Joe told them that you and your husband are trying to take the children from him.”
“Do you know where my children are?” asked Noma.
“Yes.”
“Will you tell me?”
“No.”
“Lindi!”
“It would be disloyal to Joe. He's my future husband, and I want my marriage to work.”
“Can you tell me if they're alright?”
“They're fine.”
“Will you be looking after them?”
“Me?”
“You're marrying Joseph.”
“The only children I'll look after are my own. I have to go before Ceasar sees me. Go and see your parents. They’ve nagged me until I'm exhausted,” said Lindi, then she left.
Two evenings later, Noma was dining with Ceasar.
“Why aren't you eating? You didn't eat last night, and you're not eating tonight. What's going on? Are you worried about your children? I told you I'd take care of that for you,” he said.
“My parents want to see me this weekend. They're upset about you investigating the children's well-being.”
“I'll take care of it. Eat your food, you'll need your strength.”
“Do you miss your children?”
“Sometimes, but for the most part, I'm quite happy without them.”
“I don't understand that. I thought I'd die the day mine were taken from me. If there's a way to get them back, I'll use it.”
Noma could not sleep on Friday night.
She woke early on Saturday morning to cook food to take with her on her trip. Everything was ready by five o'clock.
“Let's go,” said Ceasar.
“Go?” said Noma.
“To your parents' home. I'm your lawyer, I'm going with you. They won't mess you around with me there to protect you. Is that everything you're taking? We need to go, he's waiting for us.”
“Who?”
“Mnguni. I hope you don't mind, he's bringing his children with him. He has no babysitter.”
“I don't understand.”
“Let's go.” They drove out of Ceasar's gate, and stopped at a gate two blocks away. Ceasar hooted. Mnguni appeared from the house, carrying a cooler box. He was followed by a preteen boy, and a teenage boy.
Ceasar popped the boot open. Mnguni put the cooler box in there, then he climbed into the car, beside Ceasar. The two boys had climbed into the back with Noma. She had greeted them, then she greeted their father once he was in the car. He introduced his sons as Buhle, he was the elder boy, and Bongani.
Ceasar started driving. They were all quiet. Bongani fell asleep. Noma put an arm round his shoulders, and helped him to put his head on her shoulder.
After ten, they arrived at Noma's parents' homestead. Noma gasped.
“It will be fine,” said Ceasar, parking the car outside the homestead.
“Those are the cars that took my children. I want to know if my children are here,” said Noma, making to climb out of the car.
“No!”
“But...”
“Mnguni and I will go in. Stay here with the boys.”
“But...”
“Trust us,” said Mnguni, looking at Noma. She looked from one man to the other.
“I want my children,” she said. The men climbed out of the car, and walked to the homestead.
Noma looked about for a distraction.
“I used to live in that hut. Let's go and see it,” she said. She climbed out of the car, and the boys followed her. She entered the hut and looked about. It was the same, only more dilapidated. It was amazing that it was still standing. She noticed the boys. They looked about, disgusted by the cobwebs, dust and other signs of non-habitation.
She invited them to sit down with her on her old blanket. They sat a while in silence. They were startled by the sound of something falling. Bongani had leaned back, and tipped over a makeshift shelf. It had fallen, with a bible. Bongani picked up the picture that had fallen out of the bible. He looked at it, and handed it to Noma.
“My children!” she said, with tears in her eyes. The picture had been taken at church. Mdu had been about three months old. Thandi had been holding him, his eyes had been closed against the sun. Sipho had been looking away from the camera.
“Sipho was looking at me. I told him to look at the camera, but he insisted on looking at me, because he said I was pretty,” she said. She kissed the picture, and pocketed it.
“Tell me about yourselves,” she invited. Bongani spoke about school, his friends, and hobbies. Buhle was more reserved. He relaxed as Noma asked him about his hobbies. He stopped talking when he realised that he had invited her to his next parents' consultation. He looked at her in disbelief.
Noma was also surprised.
“I'd love to come,” she said.
“You can come to mine too, then you'll see how clever I am,” said Bongani.



CHAPTER FIVE
“Nomalanga! Wena Nomalanga!” Ma called, as she panted into the hut. Noma stood quickly.
“What’s going on, Nomalanga? Where do you get the idea that it's alright for you to marry without telling us?” Ma demanded.
“Ma...”
“Don't deny it! Your Babomncane pointed out your husband. Do you know how embarrassed we all are? Your father will blame me. What have I ever done to you, that you'd do something so stupid? Come with me, everyone’s waiting for you. Who are you?” Ma demanded of Bongani.
“I'm Bongani Mnguni. This is my brother, Buhle,” said Bongani.
“Come,” Ma commanded. Noma and the boys followed her.
The living hut was full of people. Noma sat close to the door, and gave a general greeting. No one responded.
“Nomalanga! Nomalanga!” shouted Babomkhulu.
“Babomkhulu,” said Noma.
“What kind of person are you? Your husband is hardly cold in the grave, and you're married to someone else.”
Noma opened her mouth to speak.
“It's more than two years, Buti. She respected the mourning period,” said one of her paternal aunts.
“Be that as it may...”
“She's human. I think it's better that she's married. At least she's not out there in the city, living in sin with some man. Do you prefer that?”
“Of course not!”
“Then let's deal with the issue at hand. BakaCele, what exactly is it, that brings you here?”
“I'm in charge!” thundered Babomkhulu.
“Then get on with it! I have a long journey ahead of me, I can't sit here while you make mountains out of nothing.”
“Wena Sindile...”
“Buti, let's get on with it,” said Baba.
Babomkhulu glared at aunty, then he turned to the Celes.
“What is it that you want from us? You have your children, there's nothing else that we owe you,” he said.
“Control your child,” said Joseph's Babomkhulu.
“What are you talking about?”
“She wants to steal the children.”
“She does not want to steal them! She simply enquired about their welfare,” said Ceasar.
“You see, you see! What does she need a lawyer for? She must want to steal the children. Why didn't she just ask us how they are? This is a private affair, there's no need for lawyers. MaDube, call off your lawyer. I command you to call him off. I'm talking to you.”
“Can't you hear that you're being addressed?” asked Noma's Babomkhulu.
“Babomncane Joseph told me that I’d never see my children. I needed to find out how they are, since he wouldn't tell me, or let me see them,” said Noma.
“Joseph, is this true?” asked Babomkhulu Cele.
“They are our children,” said Joseph.
“Did you tell her that she can't see them?”
“What if I did?”
“Why didn't you just tell her how they are?”
“You said we must keep them from her.”
“Let her see them. It has to be better than having the police pay us regular visits to check up on them. Will you let her see the children?”
“Yes.”
“MaDube, will you call off your lawyer now?”
“That depends,” said Ceasar.
“I'm talking to my daughter-in-law!” shouted Babomkhulu Cele.
“She authorised me to speak for her. She’ll call me off, if she has written permission to see the children, and if the permission tells her when, and how often she can see them, and under what conditions. If she’s denied access to the children, I’ll keep sending people to check on them.”
“Why are you doing this, MaDube? Why? We treated you as one of the family for ten years. How can you turn on your family?”
“She was forced to seek a lawyer when you took her children from her.”
“It was the best thing for them!”
“You didn't even let her wean her baby! Your callous treatment forced her to seek my services.”
“We did not come here to be sentenced by a little boy!” thundered Babomkhulu Cele.
“When and where can she see the children? Will they be escorted?”
“MaDube, you can ask us these things yourself. You don't need a fancy lawyer to humiliate us.”
“I'll need to talk to the person living with the children, so we can arrange dates and times for my client to see them. Who do they live with?”
“Me,” said Joseph.
“I'll need to meet your lawyer, and ...”
“No.”
“But...”
“Babomkhulu, you know I'm getting married. My bride refuses to raise children who have a living parent.”
“Then get rid of her!” said Babomkhulu Cele.
“I won't do that. Someone else will have to take the children in.”
“Must we discuss this now, infront to MaDube's lawyer? Who knows what plot he'll come up with?”
“We have to discuss it now, because I'm not taking the children with me when I leave.”
“Have you gone mad? Those are your children! As the only boy in the family, you are obligated to look after your late brother's children.”
“I'll have my own.”
“Joseph...”
“Taking the children was actually sis Maxine's idea. She should take them home with her.”
“What?” asked a shocked Maxine.
“Take the children home with you.”
“My husband will never agree to that.”
“My future wife won't have them either. Babomkhulu, you have to make other arrangements.”
“That is not going to happen! Those children belong to us, and you have to keep them. This new wife of yours must look after them, or go back to her people,” said Maxine.
“Don't you dare tell me how to run my life! I'm not the father-of-Melusi that you can pull by the nose.”
“Joseph...”
“Children! We'll sort this out later,” said Babomkhulu Cele.
“It has to be today. We need firm dates for when my client can see her children,” said Ceasar.
“Don't rush us, mfana.”
“The lawyer can make problems if you don't work with him,” said Joseph.
“Why didn't you marry maDube? None of this would be happening, if you’d done that.”
“I asked her, she refused.”
“You didn't try hard enough!” There was a long silence.
“Mother-of-Samuel, will you take your grandchildren home with you?” asked Babomkhulu Cele.
“Do you not see how old I am? Do I look like I have the energy to run after children?” returned Samuels' mother.
“You are their grandmother.”
“You are their grandfather.”
“I'm not a woman.”
“You have a wife.”
“No.” There was another silence. Noma's heart was pounding. She looked at Ceasar. He gave her a calm-down look.
“Cele, what are you saying? What will happen to my grandchildren?” asked Baba.
“We need to talk. We'll step outside,” said Babomkhulu Cele. He and his clan stepped outside. Noma looked about the hut.
“Mother-of-Nomalanga, whose children are those, and why are they here?” asked aunty.
“They are mine,” said Mnguni.
“Wena mfana, how dare you marry our child without our permission!” shouted Babomkhulu.
“You're married, Baba? Do we have a Mama now?” asked Bongani, sounding excited. Before anyone could respond, he threw himself into Noma's arms.
“At last I have a Mama!” he said happily. Surprised, Noma put her arms round him, and looked at Mnguni. He looked as stunned as she was.
“The issue right now is my client's access to her children. The issue with Mnguni can be sorted out later,” said Ceasar.
“Heyi wena...” said Babomkhulu.
“The boy is right. We need to know what will happen to those children. I'm a mother and I'd want to die if my children were taken from me. If the Celes can't make up their minds, Nomalanga should get her children back. They shouldn't be passed about as if they are orphans when they have a mother, and a new father,” said aunty.
“The children belong to the father.”
“Not if he's not going to look after them. Priscilla, take your sister's new sons out to the other children. This is no place for them,” said aunty. Priscilla led the boys out. Noma noticed that everyone was watching her.
The Celes returned to the hut, and sat down. Babomkhulu Cele was clearly uncomfortable.
“What is it, Cele?” asked Babomkhulu.
“The children of these days put us at odds with our culture,” said Babomkhulu Cele.
“What are you talking about?”
“My son Joseph should look after his brother's orphans, but because his wife pulls him by the nose...”
“She does not pull me by the nose!” said Joseph.
“…he refuses to take care of his responsibilities. Now, I must behave like a callous old man by returning these children to their mother, and hoping that she will look after them. It is our responsibility as the father's family, I know, but none of us are in a position to look after them. I wish the ground would swallow me, and spare me from seeing my children turning their backs on their culture.
“I am ashamed to live in a time when I cannot take responsibility where my son has been irresponsible. If I could, I'd take the children myself.
“Dube, please do not think badly of us for returning the children. We are trusting that your new son-in-law will look after them well.”
“What new son-in-law?”
“Mnguni. Didn't Joseph say that he was your child's new husband?”
“Yes, I did,” said Joseph.
“Mnguni, I hope you can look after my grandchildren,” said Babomkhulu Cele.
“Of course I can,” said Mnguni. Noma was annoyed that she was overlooked. The children being discussed were hers, after all!
“We cannot return amalobolo for the children,” said Babomkhulu.
“How can we expect that of you under these circumstances? This is the saddest day of my life.”
“Don't blame yourself.”
“But I do. If I had raised my children well, they would not be disgracing me, or themselves this way. I must go now, Dube. I can't sit here, and look any of you in the eye. Perhaps the rest of my family will stay, I have to leave. Maxine, take me home,” said Babomkhlu Cele. He looked, and sounded exhausted.
Maxine, her two sisters, and Babomkhulu Cele, made their goodbyes, and left.
Ma and Priscilla left the hut. Noma made to follow them.
“You're not going anywhere,” said Babomkhulu. Noma sat down again.
“I don't know who to rebuke, you, Nomalanga, or you, Mnguni. Do your people know that you married Nomalanga?” asked Babomkhulu.
“Not yet,” said Mnguni.
“Are my children here?” Noma asked Joseph.
“I'm not finished!” shouted Babomkhulu.
“Let her go and see her children,” said aunty. Noma left the hut hastily, and followed the sound of children's voices.



CHAPTER SIX
She stood watching the group of children as they played. Her eyes watered as she realised how much taller her children had grown.
Sipho was drawing something on the sand, Mdu was imitating him. Thandi was giving instructions to the rest of the children, including Mnguni's children. They all made a circle round whatever Sipho was drawing, and took turns jumping over it. Sipho looked up after his jump.
“Mama!” he screamed. He ran to Noma. She knelt down and held him tight. She noticed Mdu just behind Sipho, and drew him into the embrace. She kissed both her boys, wetting their cheeks with her tears. Mdu wiped the tears off his cheek. Sipho wiped Noma's tears off her cheeks. Noma cried harder, realising how much she had missed her children.
“Hi, Mama,” said Thandi. Noma released the boys, and hugged Thandi. Thandi withdrew from the hug, and studied Noma. She nodded, and returned to the game.
“I missed you, Mama. I want to live with you now. I never want to live without you again,” said Sipho.
“I don't want to live without you either,” said Noma. Thandi ran to her.
“Are you married to his father?” she asked, nodding at Bongani. Noma’s mouth opened and closed soundlessly, as she was uncertain of her reply.
“That makes them my big brothers. I like that,” said Thandi, before returning to the game.
Noma noticed Sipho and Mdu standing infront of her, watching her. Mdu was studying her. Noma could not believe how much he had grown. He put his hand in Sipho's, and Sipho squeezed it gently.
“I have to go and help Gogo. Go and play with the others,” said Noma.
“Are you leaving us?” asked Sipho.
“No!”
“If you go, I'll find you.”
“I won't go without you.” Noma stood, and walked away. She turned, her sons were watching her. She smiled, and blew them a kiss. Sipho smiled, and relaxed. Noma noticed Buhle watching her. She waved at him, he turned away without responding.
In the kitchen, Noma was sent away. She stood watching the children a while, then she returned to her hut.
She had just sat down, when someone entered the hut, and sat down also. They were both quiet.
“Bo was very young when Mama died. If you break his heart, I'll never forgive you,” said Buhle. Noma could think of nothing to say to that.
“Those three children that you hugged, are they yours?” asked Buhle.
“Yes,” said Noma.
“Will you all live with us?”
“We'll see.”
“You'll hurt Bo if you show that you love your children more than you love him.”
“I don't want to hurt anyone.”
“Baba still misses Mama. If you hurt him, you'll have to leave.”
“And what happens if I hurt you?”
“You can't hurt me, because I don't love you. You can't get hurt if you don't love.”
“That's true, but it's also very lonely, if you don't love.”
“It's better to be lonely, than to have your heart broken.”
“Your father loves you.”
“I know.”
“Do you love him?”
“He and Bo are the only ones I love. How old are you?”
“How can you ask me that?” gasped Noma.
“You don't look old enough to have a child as old as that girl. You must have been twelve when you had her.”
“I was eighteen.”
“I'll be eighteen in three years. I will not be having a baby then. Had you even finished school when you had that girl?”
“I had just finished matric.”
“Do you love Baba?” Noma's jaw dropped in shock.
“Sisi, what are you doing here? It's time to eat. Bring your son with you,” said Priscilla, then she left as suddenly as she had arrived.
Noma stood, and left the hut. She could hear Buhle's footsteps behind her. She stopped and watched as he went to join the other children.
She could hear spoons meeting plates at regular intervals, as she entered the living hut. She sat down. Priscilla gave her hand-washing water, then a plate of food. She smiled at Priscilla, and Priscilla smiled back. Noma felt as if her world was starting to tilt the right way. It had been a long time since she and her sister had smiled at each other.
Noma's eyes landed on Mnguni. He was watching her. Her heat skipped a beat, and she looked away quickly. She had thought that Mnguni's look had been one of liking. She was not going to hope for the impossible. She had her children and her sister back, that was more than she had had when she had woken up that morning.
She started eating. She looked up. Babomkhulu was watching her.
“I watched your new son following you to your hut. You've taken him and his brother to your heart. That’s the only good thing you've done. Marrying their father without our permission or blessings, however, is unforgivable,” he said.
“Let her be, Buti. She has enough problems as it is. If her new in-laws decide not to accept her children, what will she do?” asked aunty.
“Mnguni, tell your people about marrying our child, and have them come and meet us. You don't get married alone. That is not our culture. You marry for your clan, and the clan should be involved before, during, and after you marry.”
“Have you seen your children?” asked Joseph.
“Yes,” said Noma.
“Does it look like I hurt them?”
“No.”
“Then why did you send me a team of social workers? You knew I'd take good care of the children.”
“I've already told you that she was responding to the inhumane treatment that you and your family meted out to her,” said Ceasar.
“We were kind to you, and you repay us with social workers.” said Joseph to Noma.
“You disinherited her after her husband's death, then you sent her and the children away. You then claimed them as if they had been stolen, when you had sent them away with their mother. Don't you dare talk of having been kind to my client!” said Ceasar.
“You should have talked to us, Nomalanga. Why didn't you talk to us? We would have asked the Celes to let you see the children,” said Babomkhulu.
After lunch, Noma helped with dish collection, then she helped with the washing up. Buhle brought her a sleeping Mduduzi. She thanked him, and took Mdu to Priscilla's hut.
She was coming out of the hut, after putting Mdu down, when she became aware of someone beside her.
“It's time to go,” said Mnguni. She looked at him, then away.
“What's the matter?” he asked. Noma walked off to her hut. Once she was inside, she realised that Ceasar had joined her and Mnguni.
“What is it?” asked Mnguni.
“I don't have enough money to provide adequately for the children. Perhaps I should stay here and ...”
“That’s not going to happen. You have a job, you'll manage, and where you don't, we'll help you,” said Ceasar.
“You don't owe me anything.”
“I want to help you.”
“So do I,” said Mnguni.
“But...”
“I thought you wanted the children?” said Ceasar.
“I do, but...”
“Then stop complaining and see what you can do, now that you have what you wanted. Get your children, let's go.” Noma made her goodbyes to her parents, and the extended family, then she, her children, and Mnguni's children, joined Ceasar and Mnguni in the car.
Sipho sat on Mnguni's lap in the front passenger seat, Mdu was in Noma's lap, in the back seat, Thandi sat beside her, Bongani was beside her, and Buhle sat at the other door. They were all quiet for a long while.
“Are you our new Baba? Our other one died. We've been hoping for a new one. Babomncane said we couldn't live with Mama because we had no Baba. Now that you're here, we can live with her again,” Sipho said to Mnguni. Noma's heart was pounding with shock.
“Are we going to a new school, Baba? I didn't like the school I went to when we lived with Babomncane,” said Thandi.
“We'll see,” said Noma. She did not know how she was going to tell the children that she did not have a new father for them.
“When did you get married, Mama? Do you have pictures? Why weren't we there?” asked Thandi.
“I'm just glad to have a Baba. Not having one isn’t nice. I hope you'll stay with us, Baba. Our other Baba worked far from home. Will you live with us?” Sipho asked Mnguni. Noma wanted to die from embarrassment. The car stopped.
“It's time to get out,” said Ceasar. Noma had not realised that they had reached his home. She was glad that there would be no time to answer Sipho. The front door opened, startling Noma and Ceasar.
“Cecilia!” said a surprised Ceasar, to the woman who was approaching him.
“Surprise!” said Cecilia, putting her arms round him.
“Daddy!” shouted two girls, as they rushed out of the house, towards Ceasar. He released Cecilia, and hugged the children. He straightened, and looked at Cecilia.
“We're here for good. A wife belongs with her husband, not with her mother-in-law,” she said.
“But...” said Ceasar.
“Your mother agrees. She's the one who said we should come here.”
“She needs looking after! How could you leave her?”
“Hello, Cecilia,” said Mnguni.
“Thabani, hi,” said Cecilia. Her children hugged Mnguni, and started chatting to the other children.
“How are you? How are things?” Cecilia asked Mnguni.
“I'm sorry, you'll have to go with Mnguni, perhaps you can come back after I've persuaded Cecilia to return to my mother,” Ceasar said quietly to Noma. She felt as if her world was collapsing around her. She had no home, not much money, and three children to feed.
“Get your things, I'll drop you all off,” said Ceasar. Noma walked into the house as if in a dream. She packed her belongings, and returned to the car.
“Who’s this? And what’s she doing taking my things?” demanded Cecilia. She approached Noma, and made to grab her bags.
“Those are her things. She's been looking after the house for me. Now that you're here, I don't need her services,” said Ceasar.
“You didn't tell me you had a woman living with you.”
“She was not living with me.”
“She had her things in my house, she was living with you. Wena, this man is my husband, and if you...” Cecelia was saying to Noma.
“She's our new Mama,” said Bongani.
“What?” asked Cecilia.
“She and Baba are married.”
“Then why was she living here?”
“She's going to her own home now. I'll take her and her family home, then I'll be back,” said Ceasar.
“If you ever try anything with my husband...” Cecilia said to Noma.
“She won't! The only woman I want is you,” said Ceasar. Cecilia gave Noma a nasty look, then she made her goodbyes to Mnguni and his family.
Noma put her belongings in the boot, and climbed into the car. They soon arrived at Mnguni's home. Everyone alighted and unloaded the car. Ceasar gave Noma an apologetic look, and left. Noma watched as the children ran into the house. She picked up her bags, and followed slowly.



CHAPTER SEVEN
The reception area was empty. She closed the front door, and leaned on it, wondering what she was going to do.
“What's the matter?” asked Buhle.
“Nothing,” said Noma, straightening.
“Why do you look scared?”
“Come, I'll show you around,” Mnguni said to Noma. He took her big bag, and led the way. She followed him gladly, as he gave her a tour of the house.
“This is great, Mama. I finally have my own bedroom,” said Thandi. She was exploring her room, excited to be there. Sipho and Mdu were sharing a bedroom. Buhle and Bongani each had their own bedrooms. There were two other bedrooms, and the main bedroom. Noma stood at the threshold, as Mnguni entered the room, and put her bag down. He took the one in her hand and put it down, too.
“I'm hungry,” said Sipho. Noma turned to go to the kitchen, then she looked at Mnguni. He nodded slightly. Noma noticed Buhle watching them. She went to the kitchen, looked at the food available, and started cooking.
Buhle and Bongani joined her, asking how they could help. Noma was very surprised, and told them not to worry.
“We all help in the kitchen,” said Bongani. Thandi and Sipho arrived, and Bongani sent them to set the table, then he supervised them, as they had never done it before. Buhle was cutting the vegetables that Noma had taken out of the fridge. Mnguni arrived, holding Mdu's hand. He asked what needed doing, and did it. In a short while, the food was ready, and everyone sat down to eat.
Afterwards, Noma bathed her sons, and put them to bed. Thandi bathed, and Noma said goodnight to her. On an impulse, she knocked on Bongani's door. She entered when he invited her in.
“Are you alright?” she asked. He nodded. She approached him, then she kissed his cheek. He smiled at her, she smiled back, and left. She knocked on Buhle's door. Getting no response, she turned away.
“We need to talk,” said Mnguni. He was a few paces from her, watching her.
“Come,” he said, leading the way out to the garage, and into his car.
“Buhle's suspicious. He'd have listened at the door if we'd talked in the house,” he said. Noma nodded.
“We need to use the same bedroom. If the children were younger, we could get away with using separate rooms, but they are aware of things, except Mdu. I won't force myself on you. The room is big, and so is the dressing room. I can sleep there, if that will make you feel better,” Mnguni said.
“I'll sleep there,” said Noma.
“Okay. You have to stop looking so scared.”
“I have no money, and no home. My children will starve to death.”
“They needn't.”
“What do you mean?”
“Marry me.”
“What?” asked a shocked Noma.
“Marry me, then you'll have a home for the children, and we'll work on the other things.”
“Mnguni...”
“My name is Thabani. How can you call me Mnguni when we're rumoured to be married?”
“Thabani, I can't marry you.”
“Think of the children. If you leave, where will you take them? What will you feed them? How will you send them to school?” Noma looked away from him.
“We'll register to marry in a few days. You'll have to find another job,” he said. She looked at him, surprised.
“Why? I need this job.”
“Get something better, somewhere else. I can't have my wife serving me tea at work.”
“How will I get another job? I got this one because I had connections.”
“We'll make a plan, Langa.” Noma was surprised again, no one ever called her that.
“I've been married, and my world collapsed around me when Samuel died. I'm not doing that again!” she said.
“Okay, don't get upset.”
“I can't lie to the children.”
“Neither can I.”
“What do we say when they ask if we're married?”
“We'll tell them that we have to legalise things. I think they should be at the ceremony.”
“No! What if we don't work out? Being at the ceremony will give them hopes that may be dashed. I don't think they should suffer any more pain, any of them. A divorce will hurt them all.”
“We won't get divorced.”
“You don't know that.”
“It's time to sleep.” Noma followed Thabani back to the house. She bathed in the ensuite bathroom, then she lay on the dressing room bed. She did not think that she would sleep.
She was woken by a child's cry. She jumped out of bed, and rushed to the room that Sipho and Mdu were sharing. Mdu was twitching on the bed, the way Sipho would do, when he needed to relieve himself at night. Noma picked him up, and took him to the bathroom. Afterwards, she sat on his bed, and rocked him to sleep. She put him to bed, and turned to leave.
Thabani and Buhle were watching her from the doorway. Buhle left. Thabani waited for Noma, and followed her to the bedroom. She nodded at him, and went back to her bed.
After breakfast the following day, Noma unpacked for herself and her boys, Thandi had unpacked for herself. She made lunch with the help of all the children, then Thabani brought takeaways for dinner.
On Monday morning, Thabani introduced Noma and her children to his helper, MaNkosi. MaNkosi was shocked speechless to hear that Thabani had acquired a wife, and three other children, in the space of a weekend.
Noma kissed her children, then she kissed Bongani. She hesitated, before kissing Buhle. He moved away from her quickly. Noma followed Thabani to the door. She felt a small hand slipping into her own.
“I'm coming with you, Mama,” said Sipho.
“I'm going to work,” said Noma.
“I'm coming with you.”
“They don't allow children.”
“I'm coming!”
“Sipho...”
“If you go, I won't see you again.”
“I'll be back. I promise, I'll be back.”
“I don't believe you.”
“Sipho!” Noma gasped in shock.
“Mama and I will be back. You're our children, we have to come back,” said Thabani. Sipho looked from him to his mother, clearly not believing a word that he was hearing.
Noma knelt down.
“Have you ever seen me without these on?” she asked, touching her earrings.
“No,” said Sipho. Noma took one of her earrings off, and handed it to him.
“Keep this one for me. I have to come back and fetch it, I'll look silly with only one earring,” she said. Sipho nodded, and took it.
“When will you be back?” he asked.
“Before supper.”
“Okay,” said Sipho, then he returned to his seat. Noma sighed with relief, and followed Thabani out to the car.
Work was very busy for her.
“Ready to go?” asked Thabani, at the end of the day. Noma picked up her handbag, and followed him to the car. She noticed the security people peering into the car to see her as Thabani drove off.
“Stay home until you find another job,” said Thabani.
“What?” asked a shocked Noma.
“People are whispering about you.”
“What are they saying?”
“They found out that you lived with Ceasar, now that you live with me, they call you all kinds of names.”
“I didn't do anything with Ceasar.”
“I know!” shouted Thabani.
“Then why are you upset?” Thabani responded by driving faster. Noma was relieved when the car stopped at his home.
“Mama, I've been waiting ages,” said Sipho, hugging her.
“I told you I'd be back.”
“I kept your earring safe for you.”
“Thank you.” In the house, Noma hugged all the children. Buhle moved away from her quickly.
She freshened up, then she went to dish up the food that MaNkosi had cooked. When everyone came to eat, she realised that her sons had been bathed, and changed into pyjamas. They had not had pyjamas when they had lived with her.
“What's the matter?” asked Thabani. Noma wiped away her tears.
“I'm glad to see everyone,” she said. Thabani said grace, then everyone started eating.
After dinner, she put her sons to bed. She was surprised when Thabani joined her and the boys. They hugged him, and Mdu insisted that he pick him up. Sipho fell asleep immediately, Mdu would not let Noma take him from Thabani.
She went to say goodnight to Thandi.
“I want to say goodnight to Baba. Where is he?” asked Thandi.
“Here I am,” said Thabani. Noma kissed Thandi, and left. She knocked on Bongani's door, and entered the room.
“I'm glad you're here. We need to talk,” he said.
“Oh?” said Noma, surprised. She went to sit beside him.
“Buhle's really nice. He acts like he doesn't like it when you kiss him, but he does. Do you like him?” he said.
“Yes, I do.”
“I'm glad. I want to sleep now.” Noma stood, tucked Bongani in, kissed his cheek, and left. She met Buhle.
“Are you going to sleep?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said. Noma kissed his cheek. He pretended to side step her, then he left. She noticed Thabani watching her. She bade him goodnight, and went to sleep.
She was woken by hearing her name called. She opened her eyes. Thabani was standing beside her, dressed for work. Noma sat up, and looked at the time.
“I'll catch a taxi, don't wait for me,” she said.
“I'll wait.”
“You'll be late.”
“I'll wait,” said Thabani, then he left the room. Noma showered and dressed quickly. She rushed to the kitchen. The children were eating. Thandi told her that Baba was in the study. Noma kissed the children, then she went to the study.
“I'm ready,” she said. Thabani looked at her, then he started packing away his laptop and papers. She turned towards the door.
“Just a minute,” said Thabani. Noma stopped. Thabani approached her, and handed her his laptop bag. She took it, then she gasped as he undid her blouse buttons.
“You missed a few,” he said, as he did them up again.
“Now we can go,” he said.
“Thanks,” she said awkwardly, then she followed him to the car.
When the week ended, Noma resigned. She woke late on Saturday morning. She freshened up, and discovered that she was alone in the house. She found a note addressed to her on the kitchen table.
‘Langa. The children and I have gone to church. See you later. Thabani.’
Noma made herself breakfast, then she made lunch for the family. When she finished, she decided to make dinner as well. Thabani and the children arrived after two in the afternoon.
They greeted Noma and sat expectantly at the kitchen table. Noma dished up the food, and watched as everyone ate it appreciatively.
She was surprised when Mdu wriggled out of her arms, and went to Thabani. He sat him on his lap, and fed him, and himself, from two dishes.
“I can take him,” said Noma.
“We're fine,” said Thabani. Mdu made it clear from then on, that Thabani was his chosen parent. He wanted him to take him to the bathroom, help him to eat, and it was him that Mdu talked to most of the time.
After lunch, the children washed the dishes, while Noma and Thabani sat in the lounge.
“I hope you'll come to church with us next week,” he said. Noma looked at him in surprise.
“I think church will help the children to trust more. Sipho will feel better knowing that even if we're not there, there's a power that he can trust in,” continued Thabani.
“Take the children, I'm too angry with God to be ready to go back to church,” said Noma.
“Why are you angry with God?”
“He doesn't look after you when you need it.”
“What do you mean?”
“My children have starved, been denied a father, and suffered by being called names. I prayed, pleaded, begged and fasted, God did nothing. For all I know, He found it funny.”
“I doubt that.”
“I'm not going to church,” Noma said firmly.
“I'm sorry to hear that. God helped me when Zintle died. Without God, I'd have killed myself after her death.”
“Oh!” 
“We need to register to get married. Can you get time off?”
“I don't need it, Friday was my last day.”
“You didn't tell me.”
“The nasty talk about you, me and Ceasar was too much for me. I'll find another job, I hope.”
“Good luck. What's that in your hand?”
“Buhle's career guidance book.”
“Do you mind if I turn on the TV? There's a soccer game I want to watch.”
“Go ahead. I hope you're okay with Mdu's demands.”
“We have a connection, don't worry,” said Thabani, then he focused on the game.
Noma went to look for the children. They were watching TV in the other lounge. Mdu was sleeping beside Buhle. Noma picked him up and took him to his bed.
Later, she was reading Buhle's book on her bed, when she heard a car arrive. Curious, she went to the lounge.



CHAPTER EIGHT
She found Thabani with a man who was clearly his brother, two boys, and a woman. Buhle and Bongani were chatting to the two boys, who were in their late teens.
“Mama, come and meet Babomkhulu,” said Bongani, drawing Noma by the hand. She looked at the guests, they were all looking at her in shock.
“Hello,” she said.
“Boys, excuse us,” said Thabani. The elder boys greeted Noma, and left with Buhle and Bongani.
Noma was surprised when Thabani took her hand in his.
“Let's sit down,” he said. The two of them, and their guests, sat down.
“What did Bongani mean when he called you Mama?” the man demanded of Noma. She looked from him to Thabani, wordlessly.
“Buti, this is Nomalanga Dube, my wife,” said Thabani.
“What?” asked Buti.
“Langa, that's buti Jackie, and that's his wife, MaKhoza,” said Thabani.
“Hello,” said Noma. The guests just stared at her.
“What do you mean she's your wife? When did this happen? What do you expect us to tell the Masekos? You know they had hopes that...”
“I made no promises to anyone.”
“Where is she from? Who are her people? Who met them with you? Do our parents know? How do you know that she won't add to the pain your boys have already suffered?”
“My sons are my concern, worry about your own sons.”
“Thabani! What's gotten into you? How dare you speak to me that way!”
“I'm a grown man, not a boy, I can take care of my domestic issues without help.”
“Excuse me,” said Noma, then she left the room. In the kitchen, she paced the floor, cursing under her breath.
“What is it?” asked Buhle. He was standing at the door, watching her.
“Nothing,” said Noma.
“Don't let Babomkhulu bully you, he's always finding fault with people,” he said, then he left.
Noma made tea, and took it to the lounge. The conversation had been heated between the brothers as she approached. They both kept quiet when she entered the room. She served the tea, invited everyone to partake of it, and returned to the kitchen.
She made snacks for the children, and took them to them in the other lounge. They were all quiet as she put the snacks on the table. They started talking again as soon as she left the room.
She returned to the lounge, and poured herself some tea, then she sat down beside Thabani. The brothers left the room after finishing their tea. Noma collected the cups and saucers, excused herself, and went to the kitchen.
She sat down at the table, with her eyes closed. She had fooled herself into thinking that she and Thabani would get married, and everything would be fine. That was clearly not going to happen. His family would kick up a fuss, and rightly so. He would send her away, and she would watch her children starve to death on the street. She wondered who she could ask for help.
“Where are you from?” asked a female voice. Noma opened her eyes. MaKhoza was looking down at her.
“What do you want with Babomncane? You appear from nowhere and marry him without his family's knowledge, you must be up to no good,” continued MaKhoza.
“I'm not...”
“Are you pregnant? Did you tell him it's his child, when it's obvious that he can't have known you long enough to have put a child in your belly?” continued MaKhoza. Noma gasped.
“If you've come to abuse his sons, rest assured, there will be consequences, and you won't like them. None of us will sit and watch you take advantage of a man who was devastated by the loss of his wife.”
“I'm not...” said Noma. MaKhoza left the room. Noma closed her eyes, then she started washing up. It was easier than trying to find a solution to her problems.
“Mama, Baba said to call you,” said Thandi, then she left. Noma dried her hands, and made her way to the lounge. She noticed Thabani and the guests at the open front door. She joined them and they trooped out to Buti's car. The children, all seven of them, were chatting amiably, standing a little apart from the adults.
“Buti and his family are leaving,” said Thabani. Noma bade the guests goodnight. Buti and his wife just stared at her. Their sons bade her and Thabani goodbye, and climbed into the car, after their parents, then buti Jackie drove off.
The children returned to the house.
“We can leave in the morning,” Noma said to Thabani.
“You're going nowhere,” he said.
“Your family...”
“If you leave, I'll find you and bring you back. This is your home now. Let's go in, you're getting cold,” he said, taking her hand.
She noticed Buhle standing at the front door.
“I hope you told him off, Baba,” he said. Noma and Thabani entered the house, Buhle closed the door, kissed Noma's cheek, and left. She held her cheek, staring after him. Thabani nodded at her, and returned to the lounge.
Noma went to dish up dinner, then she called everyone to eat. After dinner, she bathed her sons, then she and Thabani saw them to bed. Later, they saw Thandi, and the older boys, to bed.
Next morning, she woke up early, and made breakfast. The children said they would make dinner, if Baba would take everyone out for lunch. They all went to McDonalds in the afternoon, and returned home in the late afternoon. The children started cooking. Buhle had sent Noma out of the kitchen, insisting that he and Bongani knew what they were doing. Thabani was working in the study.
Noma watched some TV, then she wondered how she and her children would survive. Thinking about that made her unbearably miserable. She looked through the phone book for schools for her children. She would use the coming week to get them into schools.
“What are you doing?” asked Thabani. Noma looked up at him.
“I'm looking for schools for the children.”
“They'll go to school with Bongani.”
“Isn't he in a private school?”
“So?”
“So, I can't afford that.”
“I can. I've already spoken to the principal. Take the children's school reports in this week, then get them uniforms. I have an account at the uniform store, use that.”
“Thabani, I can't pay you back.”
“Have I asked you to?”
“No, but...”
“The children are coming.” Buhle and Thandi brought food, the rest of the children brought the rest of the food. Everyone sat before the TV, eating. After dinner, the children were seen to bed, then Noma lay on her bed, wondering what she was going to do.
There was a knock on the door. She sat up.
“Come in,” she said. Thabani came in, and sat down on the dresser chair.
“What were you saying in the lounge about paying me back? I never want to hear such talk from you again,” he said.
“But...” said Noma.
“You're my wife. I don't expect my wife to pay me for taking care of my family.”
“But we aren't your family.”
“You're my wife, of course you're my family.”
“Your family...”
“My family will get used to you. They have no choice, because I won't be separated from you. Goodnight,” said Thabani, then he left the room.
The following day, Noma went to the school that her children would be attending, to speak to the principal.
The day after that, she took all the children uniform shopping. They lunched at a restaurant, and returned home exhausted. MaNkosi had taken three days off. Noma had to cook, bathe her boys, and do other chores.
When MaNkosi returned, Noma started job hunting desperately. The rest of the week, and the following week, yielded nothing. In desperation, Noma phoned Ceasar, and asked him to help her to find a job. He said he would phone her when he had news for her.
Thabani returned home from work in an odd mood. Noma watched him cautiously, she hoped that he did not have a terrible temper. He went to put his work things in the study, then he joined her in the lounge.
“Why are you phoning Ceasar?” he asked.
“I wanted to talk to him.”
“Talk to me. Whatever you had with him is over. What did you talk about?”
“That's private!”
“If it was private, he wouldn't have told me that you’d phoned him. What did you talk about?”
“Do you expect me to ask you for permission before doing anything?” Noma demanded. She noticed that the children were at the door, watching them.
“Are you calling us for dinner?” she asked. Sipho nodded. The others turned away without responding. Dinner was a quiet meal. Noma and Thabani saw the younger children to bed.
“We need to talk, come,” Thabani said, leading Noma out to the car.
“What is it?” asked Noma, irritated by his strange mood, and the fact that he had snapped at Mdu.
“I want you to stay away from Ceasar. He's a married man, you know that,” he said. Noma looked at him in surprise.
“If I didn't know better, I'd think you were jealous,” she said.
“I am jealous.”
“Of what?” asked Noma, shocked by his words.
“You and Ceasar. Stay away from him!”
“He's my lawyer!”
“I'm your lawyer now.”
“Thabani...”
“I love you. I don't want you talking to anyone but me about your problems.” Noma stared at him in shock.
“Is there someone you love?” he asked. Noma shook her head.
“Keep it that way, until you can make room in your heart for me. Don't phone Ceasar again. What did you talk to him about?”
“Finding a job.”
“We'll sort it out.”
“It has to be soon, Thabani. If I have to spend one more day alone with all the children, I'll kill them. Have you ever spent a day alone with all of them?”
“I've taken them all to church several times.”
“They must respect you because of your size. They think nothing of me. Thandi is especially trying. If she wasn't mine, I'd return her to her parents.”
“I'll talk to her.” Noma sighed.
“I'm not telling tales,” she said.
“I know. We'll work things out. If we don't return to the house, Buhle will be telling the others that we're getting a divorce.”
They walked into the house hand in hand. Bongani gave them a big smile, bade them goodnight, kissed Noma's cheek, and left the entrance hall. Buhle nodded at them, said goodnight, and left.
Next morning, as Noma dressed, Thabani joined her in the dressing room. She stilled, her heart pounding. He greeted her, found his clothes, and dressed as if they dressed together every day. Noma decided to follow his lead.
“Why didn't you sleep?” he asked. Noma looked at him. He caressed her lower eyelids.
“These tell me that you didn't sleep,” he said.
“We need to leave,” she said.
“I told you before, no one is leaving.”
“You complicated things when you said you love me.”
“That simplifies things.”
“How?” she demanded.
“I want this relationship to work, and I'll leave no stone unturned in ensuring that. I’ll do it for me, you, and the children.” Noma looked away from his steady gaze.
“We're getting married tomorrow,” he said. Noma looked at him.
“Have you changed your mind? You can't do that. Think of the children,” he said.
“I was thinking of them, but your feelings complicate everything. I've been married Thabani, it's hell.”
“It needn't be.”
“How can it not be, when your husband works away from you, tells you he regrets marrying you, and has to be forced by his mother to provide for you and his children? How can it not be, when you live with demanding in-laws that you can never please?”
“I live with you, and my family doesn't live with us. This marriage will not be an unpleasant experience.”
“It could be bad for you. What makes you think I'm not a gold digger, or that I won't abuse your children?”
“I'll protect my assets, and I know you won't abuse my children. The signs would be there already if you were planning to do that. Also, Buhle's very good at reading people, and since he likes you, I trust you with my life. Don't worry, Langa. We'll work things out.”
“Why do you call me that?”
“Because you’re the sun that brightens my days and my life.”
“Oh!” said Noma, thoroughly take by surprise.
“Are you okay to get married tomorrow?” he asked.
“Yes.”
Next morning after her bath, Thabani joined her in the dressing room.
“This is for you. I'll wait in the lounge,” he said.
“Wait,” said Noma, as she opened the clothes bag.
“I can't accept this!” she gasped.
“Of course you can.”
“It's too expensive!”
“Is a man permitted to buy his wife gifts?”
“Yes.”
“These are gifts to my wife. We need to leave in thirty minutes. If we're late, we'll have to register for another day,” said Thabani, and left.
Noma looked at the four dresses that he had given her. They were all beautiful. She chose one, and put it on. She looked at herself in the mirror, and gasped. She looked gorgeous. She picked up her handbag, and went to the kitchen.
“Mama, you look beautiful,” said Sipho.
“Thank you,” smiled Noma.
“Are you going on a date with Baba?” asked Bongani. Noma looked at him in surprise, then she nodded. She kissed all the children, and joined Thabani in the study. He looked her over.
“You look beautiful,” he said.
“Thank you,” smiled Noma shyly.
“Let's go,” said Thabani, opening the door for her to lead the way to the car.
The marriage ceremony was quick. Ceasar, and his wife Cecilia, were the witnesses. Afterwards, the bridal couple and their witnesses went to lunch at a restaurant.
“That was nice. Thank you,” said Noma, when Thabani was driving them home. He smiled at her, and her heart beat quickened.
“I'm sorry, I don't have a wedding present for you,” she said.
“Don't worry about it. I'm introducing you to my family tomorrow, then we'll go and talk to your family. Is that okay?”
“Yes.”
“You don't sound sure.”
“Samuel used to play around. He died from Aids. I might have it,” she said sadly.
“Let's go for testing.”
“Testing?”
“There are places where they take your blood and tell you within an hour whether or not you have Aids.”
“Can we go there now?”
“I thought we could do it another time.”
“I want to know now. If I have it, it's not too late for you to get rid of me.”
“I don't want to get rid of you!”
“Samuel got sick over a week long period, then he died. I think his family sent me and the children away, because they didn't want any of us dying on their hands. They accused me of infecting him. He had been my only lover,” she said.
They went for testing, and two hours later, they came out of the testing centre. Noma felt as if she could fly. She had held Thabani tight when they had been told that they were both healthy.
She hummed as they drove home.
Lunch had been made by the housekeeper. The family ate together, the housekeeper left, and Noma insisted on cooking dinner alone. She made a very special dinner, set it up in the dining room, and used the best plates and crockery.
“Are we celebrating?” asked Buhle.
“Yes. Baba and I were legally married this morning,” said Noma.
Next morning, she woke to find Thabani supervising the children in cleaning the house. She started cooking. She was exhausted when she finished. She freshened up, and dressed in one of the dresses that Thabani had bought for her.
She looked at herself in the mirror. She looked good. She put on a doek, hoping that Thabani would not let his family persuade him to dump her and her children. She liked him. She had liked him even before they had moved in together. She heard several cars arriving, and sat on her bed abruptly, feeling cold with fear. She heard several voices talking, then she heard Thabani talking. She took a deep breath, and went to join him and his family.



CHAPTER NINE
She made to sit on the floor as a sign of respecting her in-laws, but Thabani helped her onto a couch beside him.
He introduced his parents, three sisters, his brother Jackie, two paternal uncles, and three paternal aunts. Noma's heart was pounding as she looked at the room full of people, who were all looking at her with hostility.
She gave a general greeting. There was a strained response from some of the family members. Noma felt even colder. Thabani put his hand on hers. She squeezed his hand, excused herself, and went to the kitchen.
She was surprised to find Buhle and the other children preparing plates, and sorting out cutlery and glasses.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“We're here to help you. Are you taking the food in now? Should we take the hand-washing water in?” asked Buhle.
“Yes, please,” said Noma. She wanted to cry. She had not thought that anyone would be kind to her on that day.
“The plates are ready, if you dish up, and tell us who the plates are for, we'll take them in,” said Buhle. Noma nodded, washed her hands, and set to work.
Buhle and Bongani took in the plates of food, while Thandi and Sipho took washing water and towels for the guests. Mdu tagged along, also carrying a towel.
When she was done, Noma dished up for the children, then she went to supervise them in the lounge. They had organised things well. Everyone had food, cutlery, and a glass beside them. Noma poured water and juices for the guests and Thabani, then she left the room.
She sat with the children as they ate in the kitchen. She was too tense to eat. Mdu started crying. Noma picked him up. He struggled out of her arms, calling for Baba. Sipho took his hand and led him out of the room, and returned alone.
When everyone was finished eating, Noma started washing the dishes. Buhle told her that he and the others would fetch the dishes from the lounge.
“Your child is asleep,” said a woman. Noma turned to see Thabani's sister, Nancy, at the kitchen door.
“Thank you, I'll go and fetch him,” she said. She dried her hands, and approached the door. Nancy blocked her way.
“Excuse me,” said Noma.
“What do you want with my brother?”
“I want us to raise good citizens, and be good friends.”
“Go back to wherever you came from. How do you have the audacity to abuse my nephews infront of the whole family? You don't even pretend to not abuse them. You clearly have no respect for Thabani, or any of us.”
“Sisi...”
“I am not your Sisi! Pack your bags, and get out of here.”
“If Thabani tells me to do that, then I will, until then, I'm going nowhere.”
“You're very rude.”
“Will you let me pass?” The women glared at each other, then Nancy made room for Noma to pass. Noma noticed then that Thabani's other sisters, Zoleka and Thandiwe, his sister-in-law MaKhoza, and one of his aunts, had all been listening to her conversation with Nancy. She walked past them to the lounge.
She found Thabani coming out of there, carrying a sleeping Mdu.
“I'll take him,” she said curtly.
“What's the matter?”
“Nothing!”
“Has someone harassed you? Tell me who it was and I'll...”
“It's nothing! I'll take him to bed,” Noma said, taking Mdu. She turned away, and felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked at Thabani.
“It will be fine,” he said. Noma nodded, instead of snorting in disbelief, as she wanted to, then she took Mdu to his bed.
She returned to the kitchen. The women that she had left outside the kitchen, were seated at the kitchen table. They had been joined by the other two aunts. The dirty dishes were piled at the sink, and some were on the floor. Noma felt tired looking at them, and wanted to howl, because they were waiting for her to clean them.
She greeted the women as she walked to the sink. She started cleaning the dishes.
“Have you no manners? How dare you greet your elders as you walk past them? Don't you know that you should stop, and pay us proper attention, instead of behaving as if there are more important things than your husband's aunts? If we don't like you, and I assure you, we don't, Thabani will send you out of here before sunset,” said one of the aunts.
Noma dried her hands, sat on the floor, with her head bowed, and gave a general greeting.
“It's too late for that. You're bad mannered, you abuse the children, and you want to take my brother's money. I'm telling Thabani to get rid of you,” said Zoleka, the eldest of Thabani's sisters.
Noma wanted to shout back, but she held back, telling herself that a daughter-in-law had to be patient.
Bongani walked into the room.
“Mama, can I go and play at Keith's?” he asked.
“Be back in an hour,” said Noma. Bongani was halfway out the back door as she said that.
“You are not their mother. You can never replace Zintle. She had ubuntu, good manners, and many other wifely qualities that you clearly lack. Let's pack this creature off before we leave,” said Nancy.
A cell phone started ringing on the fridge. Noma stood quickly, and beat Zoleka to it. She grabbed it, answered it, and asked the caller to hold. She called Thandi, who ran into the room. Noma told her to take the phone to Baba. Thandi ran off.
Noma returned to her place on the floor, by the sink. She was itching to scrape food off the plates, and do the washing up. She was looking forward to sleeping. It will probably be my last night here, if the aunts have their way, she thought.
“Where is the father of your children?” asked one to Thabani's aunts.
“He died,” said Noma.
“From what ?” asked Zoleka.
“Aids.”
“You see! She's come to kill Thabani off. Get this whoring creature off the premises right now. What’s the matter with Thabani? Can't he see she brings death? Get her, hold her, let's get her out of here,” said Zoleka, grabbing one of Noma's arms. Nancy grabbed the other one. Noma resisted as the women tried to get her to her feet.
Buhle, Thandi and Sipho came into the room just then.
“Mama? What are you doing to Mama? Let her go. Let her go!” shouted Sipho, as he put his arms round Noma's neck, almost choking her. Buhle ran out of the room, Thandi stared on in horror.
“It’s alright, Sipho, I'm fine,” said Noma.
“Let Mama go!” commanded Sipho. He was picked up by one of the other women in the room.
“Mama! Mama!” he screamed, stretching his arms to her. Noma struggled to her feet, reliving the experience of having her children taken from her. Sipho had screamed just like that, when he had been taken. She tried to free herself, without success.
“What is going on here? Let her go! Let her go!” shouted Thabani. He pushed Nancy away, and she fell on her bottom. Zoleka released Noma, not wanting to suffer the same fate.
Noma stood quickly, and grabbed Sipho from the woman holding him. He held onto her tight, crying.
“It's alright,” she said, holding him close.
“Buhle, take Thandi and Sipho away. Now!” shouted Thabani. Buhle took Sipho from Noma, and he and Thandi hurried away.
“I want you all to leave, now!” Thabani said coldly.
“This whore is the one that's leaving. She's come to kill you off with Aids. Did she tell you her last husband died from it? Are you prepared to be a casualty of her whoring ways?” demanded Nancy.
“How dare you speak that way about my wife! You are all leaving, and you'll never be allowed back here.”
“Thabani...” said an aunt.
“How could you sit there, and sanction this act of viciousness? Will you be happy to hear that your own daughters have been treated this way?”
“It was...”
“I don't want to hear it! Out!” shouted Thabani.
“Thabani, what's going on here?” asked his mother.
“The girls and I were playing a rough game, the children misunderstood, and called their father,” said Noma.
“What?” asked Thabani, looking at her in disbelief.
“Your sisters were showing me something.”
“What would that be?” he demanded, folding his arms across his chest. She could not utter the lie that she had been building up to. She put Sipho down, and pretended to fix his clothes to avoid answering Thabani.
“It was arm wrestling that went wrong,” said an aunt. Noma could feel Thabani’s eyes on her, she looked at him.
“I'm fine. It was a misunderstanding. I'm supposed to be bringing dessert soon. Go sit down, don't worry,” she said. Thabani gave her a long look, then he gave the rest of the women in the room a nasty glare, before following his mother back to the lounge.
Noma nursed her arms in turn, then she took out the dessert dishes.
“This woman could have had us all thrown out of here, permanently, but she didn't. Zoleka, Nancy, you must stop this nonsense of trying to destroy her marriage. You having no husband, Zoleka, doesn't give you the right to destroy other people's marriages,” said one of the aunts. Zoleka gasped in outrage.
Buhle, Thandi and Sipho returned to the room. Sipho went to stand protectively beside his mother, as she dished up ice-cream. She bent to kiss his cheek, then she gave him a small cup of ice cream. He took it, and sat beside her, eating it.
“What are you children doing here? Get out. We're having an adult conversation,” said Nancy.
“Baba said we must help Mama,” said Buhle.
“I said get out!”
“Baba said we must help.”
“Wena mfana! Do you know that I hit insolent children?” demanded Nancy.
“No one but Thabani and I have the right to discipline these children,” Noma said in a deadly tone.
“They have our blood in their veins, not yours. You see aunty, she's taught my well-behaved nephews to talk back to adults. They never used to do this. Let's get rid of her,” said Zoleka.
“Wena Zoleka, are you going to defy my instruction?” demanded aunty. Zoleka looked away from her.
“Take the ice cream to the lounge, please,” Noma said to Buhle and Thandi. They each took a tray, and left the room.
“Nancy, Thandiwe, help your new sister-in-law,” said aunty.
“I'd rather die!” said Nancy. Then why don't you, Noma asked in her head. She almost laughed out loud. She was surprised when Thandiwe took a tray and left the room. Buhle and Thandi returned for more plates. Noma served the people in the kitchen, and dished some ice cream for the children.
Thandiwe returned, sat down, and ate her ice cream as the aunts ate theirs. Nancy and Zoleka did not eat theirs. Buhle, Thandi and Sipho took theirs out of the room.
Noma started cleaning and washing the dishes. All she could hear were spoons meeting bowls. She felt as if the people at the kitchen table would bore several holes in her back, with their tension and animosity.
“Thank you, MaDube,” said an aunt.
“You're welcome,” said Noma. Everyone left the room. Noma turned to make sure that she was alone, then she hunched her shoulders, and closed her eyes.
She had never been as afraid as she had been when Zoleka and Nancy had been handling her. Zoleka had grabbed a knife, which she had been brandishing menacingly.
Maybe I should leave. I don’t want to subject myself or my children to violence, she thought.
She heard approaching footsteps, and straightened, opening her eyes.
“Thanks for the food Mama, it was great,” said Sipho. Noma was touched, she felt tears in her eyes.
“Look what I made for you,” continued Sipho. Noma turned to look at him.
“Bend down,” he said. She bent, he put a garland round her shoulders. She kissed his cheek, unable to stop the tears from rolling down her cheeks. She was very touched.
“Sit down, Mama,” said Buhle, pulling a chair out for her. She sat down gratefully, then she made a concerted effort to pull herself together, wiping the tears quickly. She did not want the children to see her crying.
Thandiwe returned to the kitchen.
“They're calling you,” she said. Noma nodded, and followed her to the lounge. She sat beside Thabani.
“Thabani wants to talk to your people about paying amalobolo, is this what you want, too?” asked one of Thabani's uncles.
“Yes,” said Noma, looking at Thabani, uncertainly. He took her hand in his. She looked away from him, wanting to cry, because she was touched. Uncle asked for her father's details, and said that they had gone to school together. Minutes later, he made the family's goodbyes.
Everyone stood, Noma went to the kitchen, and asked Buhle, Thandi and Sipho to carry food parcels that she had prepared, outside to the cars. She gave them out. Everyone was surprised. They took what they were given, including Zoleka and Nancy, then they climbed into their cars, and left.
Noma turned to the house, and Thabani blocked her way. She looked at him in surprise.
“Whatever they said, whatever they did, you’re not going anywhere. Do I make myself clear?” he demanded. She looked away from him.
“Langa?” he said. She could feel the tears about to fall. She liked being called Langa, it made her feel cherished. She turned away from Thabani.
She felt a hand on her cheek, drew in a deep breath, and looked at him.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Me?” asked Thabani, thrown by the question.
“Your family's obviously not happy about this. I'll take the children, and you and your family can mend relations,” she said. She swallowed as Thabani, a man who laughed most of the time, became angry.
“I don't want you to leave! How many times must I say that?” he demanded.
“But...”
“You’re my family, you’re my heart! If you want to kill me and see the boys go to an orphanage, then by all means, leave.”
“Don't say that!” gasped Noma in horror.
“Then don't ever bring up the topic of leaving again. Do you understand?” he demanded.
“Yes.”
“Good,” he said, then he walked away. He turned when he was at the door.
“That was superb food,” he said. Noma started crying, she could not help it. She watched as he approached, concern written on his face.
 He put his arms round her.
“I'm...fine...I'm...touched...that...you...liked...my...food. I wanted...you...to be...proud of me,” she said between sobs.
“Of course I'm proud of you,” he said, kissing her forehead. He wiped away her tears, and kissed her gently. They broke the kiss, he looked at her, and kissed her again. She leaned against him as her knees gave way beneath the pleasure that he was evoking in her body.
“Baba?” said Mdu. Noma and Thabani broke the kiss, and their embrace, hastily. They kept their eyes on each other, then they looked at Mdu. He was a few paces behind Thabani. He raised his arms. Thabani picked him up, then he looked at Noma with concern.
“Why’s he burning up?” he demanded. Noma put the back of her hand on Mdu's forehead, he threw it off, and hid his face in Thabani's neck.
“It must be his teeth. I'll give him some pain medicine,” she said, walking into the house. She could hear Thabani following her. In the kitchen, Thabani had to hold Mdu firmly as he resisted being given medicine by Noma. She gave the teaspoon to Thabani, and Mdu took his medicine without a fuss.
“He'll be fine,” Noma said to Thabani, who was clearly worried.
She returned to washing the dishes.
“You look great,” said Thabani. Noma smiled at him shyly.
“What's he doing?” he asked. She turned from the sink. Mdu was trying to get at dirty plates on the floor. Noma picked him up. He struggled. She gave him to Thabani.
“He must be hungry, I'll dish up some food for him. Do you mind feeding him?” she asked.
“No, I don't mind.” Noma gave Thabani the food and returned to the dishes. Thabani and Mdu brought his empty plate to the sink, then they left the room. Noma was exhausted when she finished.
Bongani returned.
“Sorry I'm late, Mama. What's for supper?” he asked.
“If you don't come home when I tell you to, I won't let you go out again,” Noma said tiredly.
“Sorry, Mama. I won't do it again,” said Bongani. He kissed her cheek, and she forgave him on the spot.
“I'm hungry,” he said.
“We're going to buy something cooked, Mama's too tired to cook. Are you coming Bongani?” asked Thabani, entering the room.
“Yes, Baba,” said Bongani.
“Mama, are you coming?”
“No,” said Noma.
“Mdu's asleep. I'm taking all the other children. We'll be back soon.” Noma nodded.
After they left, she went to soak in a hot bath. She felt better when she came out. She found her family eating in the kitchen.
“Sorry, the children couldn't wait,” said Thabani.
“That's fine,” said Noma, sitting down. Her food had been dished up. She started eating, and Thabani followed suit. She was touched that he had waited for her. The children washed their dishes, said goodnight, and left the kitchen. Noma finished eating, Thabani washed the dishes.
“Thank you, for the meal, for not eating without me, and for being nice to me and the children,” said Noma.
“You're my family. Come, you need to rest,” he said, leading her out of the kitchen.
In the dressing room, he took her clothes off. She was too tired to be self-conscious. He put her nightie on her, tucked her into bed, and kissed her cheek. She fell asleep immediately, smiling.
When she woke up next morning, Thabani had already left for work. She felt like a terrible and negligent wife. That was not the way that she wanted to start her married life.



CHAPTER TEN
Later that week, she was called in for several interviews, then she was offered a job as a trainee receptionist.
She went home to cook a special meal. Her family congratulated her when she told them what they were celebrating.
Schools opened, and the children went to school. Mdu was the only child at home, and he preferred to play with MaNkosi, or be on her back.
Thabani asked for Noma's father's postal address, and wrote him a letter about going to talk about amalobolo.
A week later, he told Noma that a date had been set, and that they would all go, with some of his uncles, and Ceasar.
On the day in question, Noma woke early. She had prepared food for the trip the night before. She packed it into containers, then she woke the children.
The elder three cleaned themselves up, then Noma bathed Sipho and Mdu. Mdu would not let Noma dress him, Thabani had to be called in to do the job. Noma sat on Sipho's bed, watching the two of them, feeling tears in her eyes.
When Mdu was dressed, he ran out of the room.
“What's the matter?” asked Thabani. Noma shook her head, and wiped away the tears on her cheeks.
“Tell me what the problem is,” said Thabani.
“Mdu hates me.”
“He doesn’t hate you.”
“He hates me for not protecting him when he was taken from me.”
“He's too young to have those kinds of feelings.”
“Then why doesn't he want me touching him? His skin crawls when he sees me, and have you seen the way he wriggles so aggressively away from me? He hates me the way his father hated me. What if he's Samuel, come back from the dead to make my life miserable again? What if...” Noma was stunned into silence by Thabani's kiss.
The kiss ended, she opened her eyes. Thabani was leaning over her, she was on her back.
“Baba? Are we going? Oh! Sorry,” said Buhle, then he left the room. Thabani kissed Noma again, then he sat up. Noma sat up too, hearing Thabani and herself panting. Thabani stood, and walked towards the door. He turned to look at Noma.
“Mdu is not Samuel, he doesn’t hate you, and he’s not here to make you miserable. Do you hear me?” he said fiercely. Noma nodded. Thabani held a hand out to her. She stood, put her hand in his, and led the way out of the house. She locked it, and joined her family in the car.
As they drove out of the gate, Noma noticed that there were several cars parked along the road. They all turned to follow Thabani's car.
“What's going on?” she asked.
“It's my family,” said Thabani.
“Why are you taking so many people with you?”
“To show them how very serious I am about you and our marriage.”
“Oh!” An hour into the journey, Mdu, who was in Bongani's lap, started making sounds of discomfort. Noma unpacked some food for him, and he almost leapt into her arms. She was surprised. She fed him, and he slept comfortably in her arms. She told the rest of the children where to get snacks, and they ate happily. She offered Thabani some food, he declined. Noma herself was too nervous to eat.
Thabani stopped his car outside Noma's parents' homestead. Noma and the children alighted as the other cars in the convoy stopped closeby. Noma greeted those who were out of the cars, then she led the children into the homestead.
“Nomalanga! How can you get here so late? You should have been here ages ago, to cook for your in-laws,” said Ma. The children greeted her, and she looked at them as if she had not noticed them arriving with Noma.
“Oh, hello. Go and play, children,” she said dismissively, and drew on Noma's hand, leading her to a hut.
Noma’s paternal aunts, cousins, and women from the neighbourhood decided to bombard her with information on how to be a wife.
“I have been married before, I know what marriage is about,” she said.
“Then how did you become a widow? Do you know that your former in-laws accuse you of killing their son? Are you going to do the same to this boy? You are going to give the women in this family a bad name. We'll be called bad luck, and no one will marry any women in the family, is that what you want?” demanded an aunt.
“Of course not. I didn't kill Samuel. Truth be told, he could have killed me with...”
“A man never kills a woman. A married woman simply dies, a married man is always murdered by his wife. Make sure this one doesn't die on you.”
“But...” Mdu ran into the hut, demanding Noma's attention. She picked him up, and left with him. She kissed him for getting her out of there. When she had attended to him, she went to help with the cooking.
“The aunts are waiting for you,” said one of her cousins. Noma looked at her, close to tears.
“Alright, I'll tell them something. Don't mind their words, Noma. They’re spouting what they were told long, long ago, when they were girls,” said cousin Bella. Noma nodded.
The negotiations took a long time. Noma's heart was in her throat as she watched Thabani storming out of the negotiating hut. He was followed by Ceasar and one of his uncles. The conversation they had was short, quick, and full of gestures from Thabani. His uncle calmed him, and they returned to the hut. Noma heaved a sigh of relief.
She wondered what her family had said to annoy Thabani. He did not upset easily. She hoped that they would sort out the problem, and come to an agreement that enabled her to stay in her marriage.
Her stomach flip-flopped as she remembered the way that Thabani had kissed her that morning. She remembered the feel of his weight on her, and the feel of his masculinity on her lower belly.
“Are you alright?” asked Priscilla as Noma panted with excitement. Noma nodded.
One of her nephews came to say that lunch could be served. It was a very late lunch, being served after four in the afternoon.
Noma helped by dishing up the food. She could not eat. After six, the Mngunis were seen going to their cars. Noma went to talk to Baba.
He was sitting with the other men who had come for the talks. She sat down, and gave a general greeting.
“Nomalanga, you are here?” said Baba.
“Whatever you did to that boy, keep doing it. He almost came to blows with his family over you. They're afraid you'll kill him the way you killed the father of your children,” said Babomkhulu, as he put snuff into his nostrils, one at a time.
“I did not kill him!” gasped Noma.
“Don't kill this boy. His family will kill you for taking him away, and then killing him.”
“I'm not going to kill him!”
“They're concerned you abuse his sons. Put a stop to it, unless you want that boy sending you and your children back to that dilapidated hut of yours.” Noma stared at Babomkhulu in shock. She could not understand why he would believe terrible things about her.
“Say bye, Nomalanga. I want a word with you in private,” said Baba. Noma made her goodbyes to the men, and followed Baba outside.
“I'm happy for you, my child. This time, you found a man who loves you. I never liked the other one,” Baba continued.
“You never said.”
“I'm glad he didn't kill you off with his womanising ways. Keep this one happy, and you'll have a long and happy marriage. He genuinely cares about you. You should have heard him defending you from his family's attacks.”
“Why did you let me marry Samuel when you didn't like him?” she asked.
“He had you giddy, you couldn't see, or hear reason. I did tell you not to marry him, but you were determined to take your chances with him. Why didn't you come back home? I'd have been happy to have you back. I hated seeing how miserable you were each time you came to see us.”
“I didn't want to be a woman who failed at marriage.”
“You never fail alone. Go well, Nomalanga. I wish you the best.”
“Thank you, Baba,” said Noma, deeply touched.
“Don't keep your husband waiting. Bring your family to see us sometimes. Go now.” Noma nodded, and left.
“Mama, we're waiting for you,” said Bongani.
“I'm coming now. I just have to say bye to Gogo,” said Noma. She made her goodbyes to Ma, then she joined her family.
“Are you alright?” asked Thabani.
“Yes. Are you alright? You seemed...”
“We need to go, I don't want to fall asleep as I drive.” Noma resolved on the journey home, that she would learn to drive in order to relieve Thabani when the family was travelling long distances.
When they arrived home, she saw the younger children to bed, then she went to help Thabani out of the car, he had fallen asleep in the driver's seat. She walked him into the house, and to their bedroom. She stripped him, and put him under the shower. He stood unmoving, as she washed him quickly. She dried him off, tucked him into his bed, and sat beside him, watching him.
“Langa,” he said softly. Noma smiled.
She woke early next morning and made a special breakfast. The family appreciated it. The children washed their dishes, and left the kitchen.
“Did my family say something to upset you yesterday?” asked Noma.
“I don't want to talk about it,” said Thabani.
“Did both families accept the marriage?”
“I don't want to talk about it!”
“I want to apologise if my family upset you.”
“Langa, stop it,” Thabani said firmly. Noma looked away from him.
“What do you want for lunch?” she asked.
“Whatever you cook will be fine,” he said, leaving the room.
Noma was furious that Thabani had refused to talk to her.
When she finished cooking, she realised that she would not need to cook for the next three days if she froze the food that was not eaten that day.
Thabani joined her.
“I'm sorry, I shouldn't have shut you out. Your family didn't annoy me,” he said.
“I'm glad. Don't be mad at your family. They have a right to be concerned. I'm a stranger to them, they're right to worry that I might treat you badly.”
“You won't.”
“You and I know that, they’ll find out in due course. Don't waste time being mad at them. Focus on our family. We have children who need time and attention. You're doing a great job attending to all of them. Samuel...”
“Samuel what?”
“Samuel was always irritated by the children. He thought they should rarely be seen, and that they should never be heard. In the few months we've been here, you've given my children the kind of confidence he and I could never give them.”
“We did it together.”
“You and your boys did that.”
“All the children belong to both of us. We're doing a great job with our children. This food smells good. Why did you cook so much?” Noma shrugged.
“If you call the children, I'll dish up,” she said.
The children washed up the dishes, on Thabani's insistence that Mama was too tired to do it.
Noma went to her bedroom to get a magazine. There was a knock on the door, she invited the person knocking to enter. Thabani entered.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yes. Are you? You were exhausted when we returned last night. I'm sorry I wasn't able to relieve you as you drove.”
“Don't worry about it. How did your family treat you? I saw you talking to your father.”
“He likes you, he thinks we have a good chance at being happy together.”
“I agree with him.”
“So do I.” Thabani smiled. Noma approached him, and leaned up to kiss him. He put his arms round her, and kissed her thoroughly. They held onto each other panting, after the kiss ended. Noma released Thabani, and went to sit on the bed.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, joining her. Noma showed him the learner driver's book.
“That's an old copy, get a new one from the shops one of these days,” he said. Noma nodded.
“What is it?” she asked, as Thabani gave her a long look.
“You look just like your mother, and Thandi looks just like you. I'm married to a gorgeous woman,” he said, almost to himself. He leaned into her, and kissed her again. She ended up on her back, with Thabani's lower body between her legs. He moved his hips, and she gasped, moving with him, with the aim of enjoying fully the pleasure that he was creating.
She gasped as he kissed her throat, then she felt him caressing her breast. She gave a little scream as the pleasure increased in her body.
She wrapped her legs round his thighs as he kissed her chest, and removed her top from her breasts. He caressed them, then he kissed them in turn. Noma threw her head back, as her body shuddered with the kind of pleasure that she had never experienced.
Afterwards, she lay panting beneath Thabani.
“That's never happened to me before. And we're still dressed! You must think I'm a sex maniac. I'm not, really,” she said earnestly. She frowned, Thabani was smiling.
“That's never happened to you? Ever?” he said.
“Never.” His smile grew wider, then he leaned down and kissed her again. She put her arms round his neck and kissed him back. She lay panting after he rolled on to his back, panting too. She turned to look at him. His eyes were closed.
Noma covered her breasts, then she leaned on her elbow, watching him. She caressed his cheek. He opened his eyes, and watched her. She ran a finger between his eyebrows, done to his nose, then she outlined his lips. He kissed her finger.
“Why have you covered your body?” he asked.
“I...” she said shyly.
“You what?” She could not respond. He put a hand behind her neck, and brought her mouth to his. She kissed him. They were startled by the ringing of the doorbell. Noma broke the kiss. Thabani frowned.
“Talk about bad timing,” he said, sitting up. Noma sat up as Thabani left the room. She tidied her clothes before the mirror, then she left the room.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
She decided to make tea for the guests, to soften them towards her.
“Langa, come,” said Thabani, holding a hand out to her. Noma put the tea tray on the table, sat beside Thabani, her hand in his, and greeted the guests. It was a man and a woman. She looked behind her when she heard loud laughter from the children.
“These are my friends, and now, our friends, Mary and Neo Mosotho. Mary, Neo, this is Langa,” Thabani said. Noma was surprised that he sounded proud. She greeted Neo and Mary, then she handed out the teacups.
“Drink up,” she said.
“Sit down, drink with us,” said Mary.
“I must give the children something to eat, then I'll be back,” she said.
“We brought you another five mouths to feed,” said Mary.
“No problem,” said Noma, leaving the room. She found the children in Buhle's bedroom. She greeted the guests, four boys, and a girl, ranging in ages between six and eighteen. They all stood to greet her, she smiled, and went to get their food ready. She called the children to the dining room, then she went to join the adults.
“Thabani was about to come after you,” said Mary. Noma smiled at Thabani as she poured herself a cup of tea. She offered the others refills, and they accepted gladly.
She sat beside Thabani and listened to him and his friends talking. They surprised her by including her in the conversation. Later, she invited the Mosothos to dinner.
“We don't want to put you out,” said Mary.
“Don't worry, she cooked enough food for an army. It's as if she knew you were coming,” said Thabani. Noma smiled, and took the tray to the kitchen.
“Can I help?” offered Mary.
“You're a guest,” protested Noma.
“I'm a guest who brought you seven mouths to feed without telling you. What can I do? I want to help. Did you cook all this food?”
“Yes.”
“Why?” Noma opened her mouth to speak, then she changed her mind.
“When I'm cross with Neo, I plant things,” said Mary. Noma smiled.
She and Mary dished up the food, and Mary took it to the lounge. Noma called the children to fetch their food from the kitchen. They came in noisily, washed their hands, took their food, and left the room. Mdu was sleepy. Noma picked him up, washed his hands, and took him to the lounge with her. He immediately wriggled to go to Thabani. Thabani opened his arms wide, smiling at him fondly.
Noma put Mdu in his arms, and sat down. Thabani focused on feeding Mdu, then he took him to bed. When he returned, he sat down to eat.
The Mosothos made their goodbyes after dinner. Noma called the children to the lounge, and the Mosotho children introduced themselves to her, then the guests left.
“Your friends are nice, and they made me feel like I matter. How come they weren't suspicious of me?” asked Noma.
“Because they know how important you are to me,” Thabani said, then he kissed her.
“Are you coming in?” asked Buhle. Noma and Thabani broke the kiss, looked at each other, then Noma led the way back to the house. Buhle closed the door, said goodnight, and went to his bedroom.
“I'll check on the others,” said Noma.
“I'll come with you,” said Thabani. Noma smiled, and led the way to the younger boys. Sipho was fast asleep. Mdu was twitching in his sleep.
“I'll take him to the loo, wait for me, then we'll see the others,” said Thabani. Noma nodded. She sat down on Mdu's bed, and watched Sipho. He had always been a deep sleeper. Thabani and Mdu returned. Noma stood, Thabani tucked Mdu into bed, then the two of them went to see Thandi. She was crying.
“What's the matter?” asked Noma. Thandi threw herself into Thabani's arms. He held her, and looked at Noma, who was worried. Thandi did not cry unless something was terribly wrong.
“Tell me what's wrong,” said Thabani. Thandi cried harder. Thabani indicated for Noma to leave the room. She left reluctantly. She decided to go and check on Bongani, it would stop her imagining worst case scenarios while she waited for Thabani to tell her what Thandi had been crying about.
Bongani was fine, and fast asleep, as was Buhle. Noma went to her bedroom. Thabani joined her shortly afterwards.
“Do you have tampons or pads for Thandi? She's having her first period. Will you go and talk to her?” he asked.
“Of course,” said Noma, relieved that it was nothing life-threatening.
She gave Thandi pads, and told her how to use them. Thandi was embarrassed. Noma told her that it was nature, and that she had no reason to be embarrassed. They were going to buy the right size for her the next day. Thandi said that her stomach did not hurt, then she asked Noma to excuse her.
Noma waited in the lounge a few minutes, then she went to check on Thandi. She was in bed, reading.
“Are you alright?” asked Noma.
“Yes. Goodnight,” said Thandi. Noma returned to her bedroom.
“Is she alright?” asked Thabani. He was in pyjama shorts. Noma nodded, unable to speak. It had been years since she had seen a naked man, and the sight was taking her by surprise.
“When will you join me in our bed?” asked Thabani.
“Er...” said Noma, taken by surprise again.
“If you're not ready for intimacy, I'll wait, but I want to sleep with my gorgeous wife. Will you join me?” Noma nodded, then she quickly went into the dressing room. It gave her time to catch her breath and change into her sleep wear.
She walked into the bedroom, feeling shy, and sorry that she did not have something more glamorous to sleep in.
“What's the matter?” asked Thabani.
“Nothing.”
“Don't you want to sleep with me?”
“I don't like this old thing.”
“Take it off...wear one of my T-shirts.”
“Really?”
“Find one in the drawers.” Noma returned to the dressing room, found aT-shirt, and put it on. She looked at herself in the mirror. It was too big, but it was not as tattered as her nightie. She returned to the bedroom.
“Feel better?” asked Thabani.
“Yes. Thanks.”
“Come.” Noma climbed into bed beside Thabani. She felt shy, he was watching her. She moved about, getting a feel of the bed.
“It's big, and very comfortable,” she said. Thabani was leaning on his elbow, his head on his hand.
“Ready to sleep now?” he asked.
“Yes.”
“Can I hold you?” Noma smiled, pleasantly surprised. Thabani kissed her, switched off the light, and put his arms round her. They shifted until they were comfortable. Noma fell asleep with a smile.
She woke early, and watched Thabani sleeping. In a while, she freshened up, then she went to prepare breakfast and lunches for school.
She woke the children a while later, then Thabani came to eat breakfast. He kissed Noma, then he sat down. She put food before him, then the children arrived to eat. Noma kissed them all, then it was time for them to leave. She waved them off, then she went to check on Mdu. He had just woken. She cleaned him up. MaNkosi arrived, and Mdu went to her.
Later in the day, Noma took some of the money that she had saved, and bought herself a sexy nightie, and clothes for work, and relaxation.
She returned home before sunset. MaNkosi had cooked dinner. Noma thanked her, and dismissed her. The children were doing their homework. Thabani returned from work, and everyone ate. Noma washed up. In the dining room, she found Buhle staring miserably at a book before him.
“What's the matter?” she asked.
“I don't understand any of this, and tomorrow, I'm supposed to give a presentation,” Buhle said miserably. Noma sat beside him, and read the question that he was supposed to answer. She read his chemistry text book, and explained some things to him. She felt like flying when he looked at her as if she had switched something on in his mind.
“Thank you, Mama,” he said. Noma smiled, and checked on the other children. They said their homework was done, and she saw them to bed.
Noma started working the following day. She found it stressful at first, but it was better than staying at home.
The children's consultation days arrived. Buhle's chemistry teacher was especially pleased by the way that he had improved. Bongani had always done good work, but in the new term, he had upped his game. Thandi and Sipho were said to be trying hard.
The weekend after consultation, Thabani took the family for pizza. Afterwards, they all returned home in a fabulous mood.



CHAPTER TWELVE
Noma phoned Lindi.
“Why didn't you want my children?” she asked.
“I didn't want Joe seeing them daily and being reminded of you.”
“Oh. How are you?”
“Good, how are you?”
“Fine. Why didn't you invite me to your wedding? My parents tell me you had a big one.”
“I don't want Joe thinking of you.”
“I don't want him doing that either. I'm happy where I am.”
“When are you having a big wedding?”
“I don't know.”
“Your mother said she wished you'd have one, she said both times you married, you didn't have a feast.”
“Oh!”
Thabani returned home from work in a good mood one evening. He joked with the children at dinner, helped with the washing up, and insisted on seeing the children to bed early.
He joined Noma in the lounge, and kissed her deeply.
“What's going on?” she asked.
“I won a big case, then Mary and Neo asked if they could have the children over this weekend.”
“Oh.”
“I think it's a good idea.”
“Mdu...”
“He'll go too.”
“He's too young.”
“You and I need time alone. They'll all be fine. Can they go?”
“Yes.” Thabani kissed her again.
That Friday evening, they drove the children to Mary and Neo's home, and returned home after dinner.
Next morning, Noma was making breakfast, when she felt Thabani's hands on her waist. He turned her to face him.
“Hi,” he said.
“Hi.” He kissed her, then he sat down. She put food on the table, sat down, and started eating.
“Why aren't you eating?” she asked.
“I want you.”
“Oh!” said Noma. Her heart was pounding with excitement. Thabani stood, helped her out of her seat, and kissed her. He broke the kiss, took her hand, and led her to the bedroom. He kissed her, then he stripped off his clothes.
Noma followed suit. She was excited by his focus on her movements. He kissed her, and helped her.
He kissed her again, when she was naked. She realised that she was on her back on the bed. Thabani was kissing her breasts in turn, and caressing between her legs. She was too excited to be embarrassed to be touched that intimately. She caressed his back, and shuddered with pleasure.
She opened her eyes, Thabani was kissing her belly, and lower. She gasped, and tried to move him off. He looked up at her, then he kissed her intimately. She gasped, the pleasure running through her body was unlike any that she had ever experienced. In a short while, her body shuddered again with pleasure.
“Are you alright?” asked Thabani. Noma opened her eyes, and nodded. Thabani kissed her, his kiss tasted different. She caressed his manhood, and broke the kiss, marvelling at his size. He sat up, and she noticed him picking up a condom. She had seen one, but she had never seen it used.
She watched Thabani putting it on, then he kissed her again. He lay between her legs, and joined his body to hers. She felt her body stretching to accommodate him.
He stilled when he was all in, they watched each other, panting. He started moving. She felt one of his fingers caressing a spot above where she was joined to him. Her body moved with his, then she closed her eyes as the pleasure again threw her over the edge. She lay panting, feeling Thabani shuddering with pleasure.
She put her arms round him. He collapsed on her, then he lay beside her. She lay on her side, watching as he caught his breath. She kissed him. He opened his eyes, and smiled, she smiled back.
He climbed out of the bed, Noma was disappointed. He returned from the bathroom a short while later, and climbed into bed beside her. She put her arms round him, planted a kiss on his neck, and sighed happily.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“Yes. Are you alright?”
“I'm fantastic.” Noma raised her head to look at him. He looked like the cat that had caught the fattest bird. She smiled, and relaxed. In a while, she kissed him, then she went to shower. When she came out of the bathroom, Thabani was in the dressing room, dressing. He had just showered too.
“Now, I'm ready to eat,” he said.
“How long are we using condoms?” she asked. Thabani looked at her in surprise.
“Why do you ask?”
“Because I'd like to give you a baby.” Thabani frowned.
“You don't want my baby?” asked Noma. Her world seemed to have gone from bright to dead in seconds.
“The timing is wrong,” he said.
“Timing?”
“The finances don't allow for a baby right now. If we have one, the children will have to go to schools that aren't as good as the ones they're in now, and we'll have to buy less healthy food, and probably move into a smaller house. We might have one, when we have more money coming in.”
“But...”
“You already gave me three children.”
“They don't have your blood in their veins.”
“They have your blood, Buhle and Bongani have my blood. I'm happy with the five we have. We can talk about having more later, much later.”
“Our mothers will be nagging about a baby if I don't give you one in the next nine months.”
“That's our business.”
“Try telling that to the mothers!”
“I don't want to think about them, I want to think about that delicious food you put on the table. Let's go and eat,” he said, taking her hand.
They spent the day watching TV and reading magazines. After dinner, Noma started kissing Thabani. They were in the lounge. In a short while, she was straddling his lap, taking off his shirt, and unbuckling his trousers.
She felt his hand caressing her intimately. She shuddered with pleasure, and collapsed against him. He raised her head, and kissed her. She opened her eyes, and became embarrassed by her actions. Thabani kissed her, over and over again, until she lay on his chest, feeling as if she was in a rosy haze.
She put her hand on his trousers.
“I can't. The mind is willing, but the body won't cooperate,” he said. She looked at him in alarm.
“I'm forty-five years old, Langa. I want to make love with you, but my body can only rise once a day now,” he continued. Noma became more embarrassed. She made to get off Thabani's lap. He put his hands on her waist.
“What's the matter?” he asked.
“I'm all over you like an insatiable woman.”
“I like having you all over me.”
“You do?”
“You can touch, kiss and cuddle me any time. I may not always rise to the occasion, but I definitely like having you all over me.” She kissed him.
Next afternoon, Noma was looking through a magazine, when a picture fell out.
“Who are these people?” she asked. Thabani looked at the picture, and did a double take.
“Where did you get that? Give it to me, I'll get rid of it.”
“No! It's Buhle's. Who's this woman? Buhle looks just like her. Is she Zintle?”
“I don't want to talk about it.” Noma looked at Thabani, then she put the picture away, and flicked through the rest of the magazine. Thabani switched off the TV, and stormed out of the room. Noma wondered how she had upset him.
He returned in a few minutes, threw the magazine out of her hands, drew her to her feet, kissed her, and led her to their bedroom. He kissed and caressed her, making her mad for him. They stripped each other, then they were lying on the bed, their bodies joined, moving frantically.
Thabani shuddered with pleasure, then he collapsed on Noma. After catching his breath, he lay beside her. She put her arms round him. He gave her a long kiss. She broke it, as he caressed her intimately, then she shuddered with pleasure.
“Are you alright?” he asked. She nodded.
“I got carried away, sorry. And I forgot to use a condom. I'll get you the morning after pill.”
They showered, then they went to have sandwiches.
“Tell me about Zintle,” said Noma. Thabani stopped chewing and looked at her. He put his sandwich down. It was clear that he had lost his appetite.
“You never talk about her,” said Noma.
“Yes, I do.”
“Not as often as I talk about Samuel.”
“It's not a competition.”
“Was she tall, or thin? Did she work? Did...
“Alright! We met at university. From the moment I laid eyes on her, I knew I wanted to be with her. She dated sophisticated men. I decided to impress her with knowledge. I studied like a madman, and she started noticing me.
“We started dating when we left university. We married two years after that.”
“Were you happy with her?”
“Yes.”
“Did she work?”
“She was a prosecutor. I had invited her to work with me, Ceasar, and the others, but she had declined.”
“How did she die?”
“She killed herself.”
“Oh!” gasped a shocked Noma.
“Everyone thinks she was poisoned, what they don't know, is that she did it herself. I found her suicide note one morning in my jacket pocket. I rushed to her office as soon as I read it. I was too late. She only had time to say she was sorry, then she died.”
“I'm so sorry.”
“She was pregnant. She had been having an affair for eighteen months.”
“Oh!”
“She didn't know she was pregnant. She had told her lover that she was leaving me, he wouldn’t leave his wife. She didn’t want to live without him.”
“Oh.”
“I found out about all this, from her note. She had stopped loving me, but the one she loved didn’t want her. I found out about the baby after the post-mortem, I knew it wasn’t mine because she got pregnant while she was away on business. I burned the note the night she died.
“A year after her death, the boys and I moved into this house. I sold the other one with everything in it. Everything in here, I bought for our new home, and our new life. I only kept some of Zintle's pictures for the sake of the boys.
“I wanted a fresh start, and I got it. I even got you, and three other children. I don't want to talk about this again.”
“Okay,” said Noma. She sat in Thabani's lap, and put her arms round him. He was stiff at first, then he held her tight.
“Tell me about you and Samuel. When did you meet?” he asked. Noma released him, and returned to her seat.
“He was my teacher. We met when he taught me maths in standard eight,” she said.
“When did you start having a relationship with him?”
“In the middle of that year.”
“Langa!”
“I was excited to have caught the teacher's eye. He would leave me notes in my books, and give me gifts. Sometimes, he'd ask me and my best friend, Barbara to help him in his home. He would send her on errands, and talk to me.”
“Did your parents know you were involved with your teacher?”
“He said he'd speak to them once I finished matric. As soon as I wrote my last exam, his family met my family, he paid amalobolo, and I went to live in his parents' home.”
“Where was he?”
“He went to work in Cape Town.”
“Couldn't you go with him?”
“At first, he said his mother needed help. When two of her daughters returned from their marriages, Thandi was two. When I brought up the subject of going to live with him, Samuel told me that he didn't want his new friends seeing him with me because I was a backward, ignorant, and rural creature.”
“No!”
“I cried for days after he said that, then I pulled myself together. I told myself that at least I was married, and had done things respectably. He told me to leave many times, but I knew the children would starve if I left, so I stayed. If his mother hadn’t insisted, he'd never have sent us money.
“He died in another woman's home. His brother fetched his body home. I was so mad at him for putting me through all that pain, and then for dying, on top of everything.
“I came to Durban after the children were taken from me. I needed something to do while I waited for death.
“I couldn't believe it when you talked to me at the office. A sophisticated, educated, handsome man was taking an interest in me, when I'd been told I was too rural to be interesting.
“It had never occurred to me that I'd remarry, yet here I am.”
“I didn't want to remarry either, but meeting you changed all that. I couldn't believe how beautiful you were the first day I met you. You greeted me in that sexy voice, and I was lost.
“I took every chance to talk to you, then you became even more sad. Ceasar would talk to me about you, saying how he admired you, and how you were trying to get your children back. The worst part was when you stopped talking to me. I was sure you'd found a man. Ceasar told me you had no interest in men. That's when I invited myself to his home for dinner.
“I asked him to invite you to join us. He could see I was mad about you. You didn't notice.”
“I did, I thought I was deluding myself.”
“That day when I came and he wasn't home, I knew he was out.”
“Oh.”
“I wanted to spend time with you. When your parents mistook me for your husband, I played along. I wanted to help you get the children, and for you to notice me.
“I was happy to have you all come and stay here.”
“I was mortified. I didn't want to cause problems for you and your children, or for me and mine.”
“Everything's worked out very well.”
“Yes, it has. Are you done eating?”
“Yes.”
Noma cleaned up, cooked dinner, then they went to fetch the children.
That week, she received her driving licence.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN
The following Saturday, she helped the children to dress for church, then she walked them to the car.
Buhle was sitting in the front passenger seat.
“Where do I sit?” she asked.
“Are you coming to church, Mama?” asked Bongani.
“Yes, I am.”
“I'll move into the back,” said Buhle. Noma sat beside Thabani, and he drove off. She smiled when he took her hand in his, and squeezed it.
At church, several women whispered about Noma. She watched as Thabani and other deacons set things up.
One of the women who had whispered about Noma introduced herself, and asked her who she was. Noma told her that she was Thabani's wife. The woman gasped, then she went to tell the others. They all stared at her, then it was time for the service to begin.
After the service, a woman approached Noma.
“Thabani's mine. I won't let a rural hick like you steal him from me. He'll drop you, and come back to me,” she said, then she left. Noma stared after her.
“That's Thembi Maseko. She's been boasting for three years that she's been warming Thabani up for marriage to her. Watch yourself, she and her family are not to be messed with,” said another woman, then she left.
Over the next three church services, Thembi told Noma that her days as Thabani's wife were numbered. Noma was furious, but she did not tell Thabani in case he confirmed the woman's words. She wanted her marriage to work.
Thabani started working late. He would not talk about his case, and Noma thought that his behaviour was strange. He asked Noma to drive the children to and from school in his other car, as he left home very early, and returned late.
He also stopped eating the food that she cooked, always claiming to be full when he returned from work. When that had been going on for two weeks, Noma went to his place of work one evening.
Security let her into the building. She heard voices in his office, and opened the door cautiously. Thabani and Thembi were discussing cases, seated at his desk, and eating. Noma felt her blood boil with fury. She entered the office, banged the door shut, and they looked up at her.
“What are you doing here?” asked Thembi. Noma walked to her, forcibly stood her up, frog-marched her out of the office, and banged the door shut on her.
“How dare you cheat on me!” she shouted at Thabani, as she approached him. He was now on his feet.
“I am not cheating on you!” he shouted back.
“Then what is that woman doing here? She told me several times that you're her husband.”
“What?”
“What am I supposed to think when...”
“Leave my man alone!” screamed Thembi from the open office door. Noma felt her blood boil. She approached Thembi and punched her. She was preparing to punch again, when she felt Thabani's arms round her waist, as he drew her away from Thembi.
“I'll sue you for assault,” shouted Thembi. Noma struggled out of Thabani's arms, and glared at him.
“Choose,” she said.
“What?” 
“Her or me, not both of us. Make your choice, now,” she commanded.
“You! Always you, Langa, you know that,” he said, looking at her as if her command was a no-brainer.
“Thabani!” gasped Thembi.
“I love Langa. She's the only one I want.”
“You don't even know her! How can you dump me after three good years? Why didn't you end things with me when...”
“I did end things with you. I told I'd not be seeing you again several months ago.”
“I thought you had cold feet! I didn't think you'd replaced me!” They stood watching each other. Thembi grabbed her things angrily, and left.
Noma turned away.
“Are you going home?” asked Thabani.
“Of course. Unlike you, I know we have children.”
“That's not fair.”
“No, it's not. Neither is it fair to stay away from your family and...”
“I'm sorry.” They watched each other. Noma nodded.
“See you at home,” she said. She was surprised when Thabani parked his car beside hers as she climbed out of it at home. He climbed out of his car, and kissed her. She was dazed when the kiss ended.
“I'm sorry,” he said.
“Okay.”
The children were pleasantly surprised to see Thabani at dinner. He saw them to bed with Noma, then he followed her to their bedroom.
“I've never seen anything as sexy as you fighting for me,” he said.
“I...” He kissed the words down her throat. In a short while, he was seated on the bed, fully clothed, with Noma straddling his hips, also fully clothed. Their bodies were joined, and they were heaving and moving together frantically.
Noma bit his shoulder to stifle her cry as pleasure overwhelmed her body. She leaned her head weakly on his shoulder, and felt his body shuddering with pleasure.
“I keep forgetting the condoms,” he panted weakly.
“I'll take a tablet,” she said just as weakly.
One afternoon after church, they found Thabani's family waiting for them at home. Noma was glad that she had cooked lunch and dinner the night before. All the food was used to serve Thabani's parents, three aunts, Mr and Mrs Jackie, and Thandi and her husband.
The aunts joined Noma in the kitchen. She gave a quiet groan, and sat on the floor.
“Get up, MaDube, sit with us,” said one of the aunts. Noma sat at the table with them.
“When will you give us a grandchild?” one of them asked. Before Noma could reply, another aunt was talking.
“It’s your job to provide a child, and prove that amalobolo did not go to waste. Until you give us a child, all you're doing, is wasting space.”
“Hello, everyone,” said Thabani, entering the room. He sat beside Noma, and held one of her hands.
“This is a women's meeting,” said an aunt.
“Carry on,” said Thabani.
“Yeyi wena...”
“Whatever you have to say to MaDube, she'll repeat to me. I'm here to save her the effort by hearing what you say first hand.”
“We want to talk to our daughter-in-law.”
“I'm not going anywhere.” Noma opened her mouth to ask him to leave.
“He's right. It takes two to make a baby. Thabani, we want a child. We're here to tell your wife to make a child. If you're avoiding her in the bedroom, put a stop to it. This woman's been here months, her stomach is flat, and she hasn't gained weight. Do you need help making a baby?” asked an aunt.
“No!” said Thabani.
“Then what's taking so long?”
“We'll have one when we think the time is right.”
“It is God, not you, who decides when you have children.”
“Was it God who decided that you should have an abortion?” demanded another aunt.
“Shut up!”
“This is between them,” said the eldest aunt.
“In our culture...” said the talkative aunt.
“In our culture, we live in huts, with our extended families, and we have no cars, and no electricity. All of us live only with our nuclear families. Let's leave these two to do what's good for them. MaDube, if any of these aunts, or your Mamazala troubles you about children, or anything else, tell me, and I'll sort them out for you.
“We should thank MaDube for looking after Thabani's orphans, instead of focusing on what she hasn't done. Let's go,” said the eldest aunt. The aunts left. Noma kissed Thabani hard.
“What was that for?” he asked.
“You came to support me. I didn't know men did that. In my last marriage...” Noma stopped herself.
“Thank you,” she said. In a short while, Thabani's family left.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Next evening, Thabani left for Cape Town. Noma missed him terribly. A visit three nights later from Lindi and Joseph made her less lonely.
Thabani returned a few days later. The family was jovial at dinner, then Thabani went to shower. Noma saw the children to bed.
She found Thabani in bed.
“You had a visitor?” he asked.
“A visitor?”
“Thandi's Babomcane.”
“Oh, yes.”
“Why didn't you tell me?”
“He came to see the children.”
“He should have arranged it with me!”
“What are you so upset about?”
“The man wanted to marry you! I don't want him meeting you without my knowledge.”
“Okay, okay!” said Noma, raising her palms. The look of displeasure left Thabani's face.
“I missed you,” she said.
“Come here, and I'll show you how much I missed you,” he said. She smiled, and climbed into bed beside him.
Next afternoon, as the family lunched after church, Noma noticed Thandi glancing at her often.
“What is it?” she asked.
“I want to use Baba's surname.”
“What do you mean?” asked a surprised Noma.
“I want to use Mnguni as my surname.”
“Why?”
“Because my friends at school don’t understand why my big brother has a different surname from me.”
“You can change it when you become an adult.”
“I want to change it now!”
“You have to wait!” shouted Noma. Thandi looked away from her, clearly displeased. She brought the topic up over a month long period.
“Maybe we should do something about Thandi's request to change surnames,” said Thabani one evening. He and Noma were in their bedroom.
“She's too young to know what it means.”
“She's been talking about it for a month.”
“She'll forget.” Thabani did not look sure of that.
“Are you happy being married to me?” he asked.
“Of course.”
“Happy enough to marry me again?”
“What do you mean?”
“Let's have a feast, with plenty of people, plenty of meat, good music, and lots of happiness for you, me, and the children.”
“Oh.”
“You don't want to do it?'
“Of course I do.”
“Then why do you look as if...”
“Samuel said...”
“Yes?”
“He said no one would want a woman with children.”
“He was talking rubbish. I want you, and your children, and a big feast, and big rings for both of us.” She put her arms round him, and held him tight.
“Is that a yes?” he asked. She nodded.
Thandi kept talking about surname changes.
“If it's alright with you, maybe we should look into changing Thandi's surname,” Noma said one evening. Thabani nodded.
“I'll get their Babomncane to gather his uncles, then my uncles and I will meet them,” he said.
“Do you mind Thandi using your surname?”
“Of course not.”
“Maybe the boys need to change surnames too. Mdu never met Samuel, and Sipho was too young to remember much about him.”
“Don't worry.”
Noma sat up most nights, sewing, wanting her project to be a secret from the whole family.
The night before the wedding, she put the finished product with Thabani's wedding outfit.
‘A wedding present for my wonderful husband,’ she wrote on the accompanying note. She smiled, pleased with herself, and the gift.
Next morning, she woke very early, cleaned the children, then she went to the wedding venue. She was happy with everything. She returned home to get ready, then she was driven, with Thandi, to the wedding venue.
She smiled as Thandi talked nonstop, proud and excited to be Noma's bride's maid. The boys had already left with Thabani, as they were his best men.
Noma's Baba was already at the church.
“You look fantastic, Noma,” he said. Noma smiled. Baba walked her down the aisle to Thabani. He turned to look at her, and she smiled. She was glad to see him, and she did not care who knew it.
He took her hand, and the ceremony began. Everything went very well, then finally, Noma and Thabani were alone in their home.
“You look fantastic,” said Thabani.
“Thank you, so do you. You're wearing the waist coat I made you,” she marvelled.
“Of course. I love it. Thank you.”
“You're welcome.”
“You should sleep. I'll help you out of your dress.” Noma showered, then she slept.
The following weekend, Thabani and his family met Joseph and his family. Thabani returned home exhausted.
“How did it go?” asked Noma.
“The Celes were against it. We compromised, thanks to Ceasar. He said the children should use both surnames. The Celes were unhappy, Ceasar talked them into it. The children will be called Cele-Mnguni. Is that alright?”
“Of course. Thank you for doing this for them,” Noma said, putting her arms round him.
Thabani told the children the news at breakfast. Thandi was not happy to have a double barrel surname, until Thabani pointed out that she could call herself Thandi Mnguni, even if her documents were double barrelled. She thought about it, then she hugged him.
In the evening, Noma organised dinner early, then she encouraged the children to go to bed early, saying that they should rest for school. She went to shower then she sat on the bed.
Thabani opened the bedroom door.
“I've been waiting for you,” she said, getting to her feet. She started undressing. Thabani watched her, and gasped when he saw the wispy lingerie that she was wearing. She looked at him, he liked it, a lot.
Noma's anxiety left, and she approached him. She undid his shirt buttons, then she took all his clothes off. She led him to the bed, kissed and caressed him, then she joined her body to his. They moved together frantically, then they shuddered with pleasure.
Noma collapsed on Thabani's chest, then she lay beside him.
“Where did you get these illegal pieces of material?” asked Thabani.
“I thought you liked them.”
“More than you'll ever know.” Noma kissed him.
“I love you, I want you, I like you, and I'll always be faithful to you,” she said.
“I love you, I want you, I like you, and I'll always be faithful to you, too,” said Thabani, then he kissed her deeply. When the kiss ended, Noma lay in his arms, sighing happily.

###
GLOSSARY
Amalobolo - Money or cattle paid to bride’s family by groom’s family as thank you for raising a woman who will bear children and grow their family
Baba - Father
Babazala - Father-in-law 
Babomkhulu - Uncle, father’s older’ brother
Babomncane - Uncle, father’s younger brother
Buti - Brother
Gogo - Grandmother
Mamkhulu - Aunt, mother’s older sister or Babomkhulu’s wife
Mfana - Boy
Mkhulu - Grandfather
Mkhwenyana - Son-in-law or husband
Sisi - Sister
Wena - You
Yeyi - Hey


Thank you for reading this ebook. I hope it transported you to an interesting realm and brought you joy.
OTHER BOOKS BY THABI MAJABULA
Becca’s Treasure
Complete Family
Connecting
Fixing Things
It Ends Now!
Lerato’s Heart
Letting Go
Lungile’s Surprise
Molly’s Match
Sandy’s Challenge
Sylvies’ Love
Where Themba’s Heart Belongs
Xoli’s Reluctant Groom
