Not Again Polly.


By Christine Wood


Copyright © by C Wood 2020


Any resemblance to people, events and places,
Written within the pages of this book is purely coincidental.
As this is a work of total fiction.

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to from where you purchased it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Forward: I am a hopeless dyslexic, and please bear that in mind when reading.
Also remember that UK & US are minefields of miss matched grammar.




Chapter 1:


I stepped off the plane into the glaring sunshine, the heat and the bright blue skies. It was so wonderful and oh, so different from the clouds and misery I’d left behind, but I pushed the bad thoughts to the back of my mind and decided to concentrate on happy thoughts, which didn’t last long, because it seems like I’m being herded along by the madness of my fellow travellers and their impatient actions, as they shoved and pushed me along with them, heck stop with the rushing and pushing folks. They are getting on the shuttle buses, it seemed to be a matter of great urgency that they are first to wait for their bags. The buses were arriving in number to take us to the small airport building and there were plenty of seats available, so I wasn’t in any sort of a hurry, they weren’t going to leave me behind.
I stopped to take in the beauty, please folks, relax and enjoy the little things in life. You have to love the British attitude of rush, push and get to the front of the queue, at any cost. I had my hands full with my hand luggage and my camera, ready to take photos, in the melee of the push and shove, I came close to losing it at and my temper at one point, as it was almost knocked from my hand in all the chaos, but luckily it was caught before it slipped from my grip. I then stood to the side to escape the mob, then turned around and snapped away at the beautiful scenery and all as I walked backwards. In doing so I bumped into something or someone, so I turned to apologise to the something or someone. Who was in fact a hunk of a man and one whom I could only described as God like? He was so frigging stunning. Oh, silly Chloe, you’ve almost killed a male model. He grimaced as my heel pierced his smart shoe. Ouch, that had to have hurt. Oops there goes another foot Polly, first impressions he’s a God and second? I’m a dork.
“I am so sorry; I should have been looking where I was going.” He was drop dead gorgeous: the tan, the clothes, that killer smile and the heavenly smell that emanated from his person, was one of a walk in the fresh morning air in heavy woodland. It was intoxicating and fresh, his smell, as with the man himself, is beautiful. I am waxing poetical about a man’s body whiff, when I really should live in the here and now, and not in my damned books and watch where I am walking.
“It’s okay, really it is fine, please don’t worry about it. I don’t need my feet for anything important.” I blushed. “Here, please let me help you onto the bus. You really should look where you’re going and not where you have been, Miss…” Did he just bloody well tell me off? Shit he did. What a great start to the holiday, just what I needed. He held my hand for a moment to steady me up the step, but in that one short moment, his touch sent bolts of electricity straight to different parts of my excitable body, the sexy bits especially, and I lost my footing and fell into his arms, okay God stop he knows I am a clumsy dork, no need to guild the damned lily. He laughed and put me on the bus.
I’d detected a slight accent when he’d scolded me under his breath, perhaps Greek with a hint of something else which was hard to place, Australian perhaps, but sexy Oz not Crocodile Dundee Oz... There was no mistaking the attitude he had, because the model had just told me off, in whatever his sexy assed language was. I turned to find him watching my bum and smiled as I saw his face, cheeky I thought, that was a nice smile though. He laughed and jumped on board. He pulled me inwards with him and sat me in the seat, like I was an errant child, he smiled and then off he went to talk to the driver. Wow, his behind was just as nice as the front. Snap out of it Chloe, now. 
We pulled up and were unloaded off the bus at customs for passport control. I showed my passport to the police officer and smiled. Yep that’s me; convict Denton coming on vacation to your Greek island paradise. Lock up your eligible bachelors I’m on the prowl… I wasn’t really, but I had always wanted to say it, and had I had a drink or two maybe I may have, maybe next time I say to myself. He handed my passport back with a sexy smile, do all Greeks have that drop-dead model look here? Wow, it seems I’m Greek God watching on this holiday then. Off I went in search of my luggage and more Gods, British Gods are found in their plentiful supply, alas they look like Buddha, with their bellies over their underused summer shorts and the ‘shrunk in the wash tee shirts’ oh lord I was spoilt for choice there seemed to be loads. I laugh as I head to the carousel for my bags.
Deep joy awaited me at the baggage carousel… The hordes were grabbing anything that passed and rudely, so again I am pushed and shoved, so they can get to their own bags and be off. It was then that I noticed mine, great my luggage had started a bag war with another couple of bags. I grabbed at the tangled bags and as I did another two bags tumbled off. I fumbled with a luggage strap that had tangled with the others, and at that moment a tanned hand helped me, his bag was tangled too, looking up I saw ole blue eyes Greek Adonis helping me to get the straps untangled.
“Thank you again, I’m not usually this clumsy, I promise.”  He just laughed and freed the bags. He picked up his luggage; his was expensive and much travelled from the look of it. So yes, I was right, he’s definitely a model. He freed his expensive Bally duffel bag. I only know this because Simon had a few of those and I knew they’d cost him a packet. Wow, he had a nice packet, I mean package, I mean luggage! Fluff-in-heck, I cuss, well his mid section was right in my eye line and couldn’t be avoided, in my defence, it was a nice view though.
He untangled a mock tiger skin suitcase from my Gucci; I smiled and hoped he didn’t think that I was the owner of the Hello Kitty strapped tiger bag. Not that I’m a travel bag snob, but my bags, like my shoes are my weakness and I’d lost custody of my favourite travel luggage in the divorce. These were brand new and damned expensive and I didn’t want to lose them too. Thankfully, the other passenger came for her bag, it was her bag strap that was to blame. The extremely flustered owner of the tiger bag came to aid in its rescue, a very timid blonde haired woman, watched by her nagging mother. I felt so sorry for the poor timid woman.
“Thanks for that, I’m so sorry, Mother always insists we put the damn things on the bags, like anyone else has a mock tiger suitcase, they are gross, and she is convinced the damned things real tiger skin! I did tell her fur should only be on an animal, but will she listen, sorry I waffle when embarrassed and these bags are embarrassing.” I smiled at her; it did stand out, and there certainly was no need for the bright pink Hello Kitty baggage straps. With our luggage now untangled and the Greek God thanked; the woman with the fake tiger bag almost fainted when Adonis handed over her luggage. He was a tad gorgeous, who could blame her?  I went in search of my other bag and then to find my transfer. I managed to get the lone bag as it limped around the now empty luggage belt, great I am last out and the rep looks frazzled.
“Ms Denton?” I nod. “Ah yes here you are, Miss Chloe Denton, you’re on coach one. You’re stopping at the Hotel Vasilis; please enjoy your stay here on Christos.” After thanking the girl, my bags and I headed outside for the coach. My bags are loaded, and I entered the small coach, it was already full when I got on board with just one seat left next to Mr Adonis. Oh lucky me, thank you Greek Gods, I now have one of your own to sit and look at.
“Do you mind if I sit here?” I pointed to the empty seat beside him. He got up and allowed me to take the window seat. “Thank you so much, that’s very kind of you, because I like to see where I’m going and where I’ve been.” Right back at you, you see I can be cutting too.
As we made small talk, not my best subject, he smiled at my curt replies. Then he gave me an audio tour of the island, talking me through the sights we were passing. There was sheer beauty around each turn. Like most Greek Islands it was filled with old churches; whitewashed homes trimmed in blue, olive groves and goats, there were hundreds of bloody goats, their milk makes cheese and it is made here on the island and it’s called Feta. I knew that but hearing him tell me about it, it made the journey more palatable. The mountains and rocky desert-like valleys were just like the scenery from a Martian film. It is breathtaking and damned hot and sticky.
“There are some beautiful sights to see on the island and plenty for you to take photos of and the scenes change all the time. There is a set of ruins that the tourists love to visit; it’s at the far end of the island and there are quite a few old Greek houses, windmills and churches. The weekly traditional barbeque and Greek dancing is a necessity for you to see; it really is fantastic. That it is in the old arena, on the west side of the island, the hotel does a coach there on a Wednesday. That too is popular with the tourists.”
He looked and sounded sexy, with his dark hair, with just enough stubble on his chin, to be damned sexy, he had piercing blue eyes and wow a body to die for. I heard some of the conversation, really, I did. There was something about a coach and a dance thing and it all happened on Wednesday, I had nailed it.
“I’m here for Lord knows how long. It’s a working holiday. Well, at least I can work at my own pace and enjoy this island paradise. The travel books made it look good, but now I’m actually here, wow… They didn’t do it justice at all. I will have plenty of time to see the island, thank you for the tour. Do you come here often?” I knew that sounded like a longwinded, cheesy pick up line as soon as I said it.
“I do, but this is my first time back this year. It’s a wonderful island to relax and unwind on.” We suddenly hit a bump in the road and I’m unceremonious thrown into his arms. Why did he look so wonderful and fresh, had we not been on the same flight, the same bus and then land here on this coach? I’m looking as if I’d been intimate with a swamp and the hedge that surrounded it, whilst he was fresh, clean and damn fine. His smell, as he held me for the briefest of moments, was sweet, woody, leathery and wildly intoxicating, I’ve been there and smelled the smell before, but up close and personal his smell is so much better. Lord he smelt of man and sex, oh hell a warm feeling in that private place is happening, he’s making my sex pulse wildly. Well Chloe, one can only hope.
“I’m so sorry.” I looked into his eyes, as he stared back. I sat back quickly, the static between us felt funny, a nice funny, but I definitely felt something good about this funny happening.
“It’s not your fault the roads here are awful and is not helped by this old coach. The hotel is around the next turn, if you take photos might I suggest you do it from up here?” The view as we turned was breathtakingly amazing; it was like the bay had been carved out and the cove edges were cradling the excellent hotel in their arms, the bluest of seas is washing up on the clear white sands, oh, it is definitely a beautiful sight. The hotel was large, with a roof top pool that looked so inviting and from a here it looked like it and the sea were one. Bliss sheer bliss, I think I oh-wowed quite loudly.
“Do you like it?” Had he watched me as I gasped at the beauty lay before me?
“Oh wow, it’s such a pretty place, the hotel looks like it was meant for that space, it’s heavenly.” He smiled as we pulled up, he shook my hand and hoped I had a nice holiday and then disappeared into the hotel.
I was the only one being dropped off, so my bags are collected by a friendly porter and I went to check in, where my passport and my credit card details are given. The porter was handed my key card and he showed me to my room, carrying my luggage to my suite. Yes, indulgent but given I could be here for a month or more, so I needed the luxury and comfort. I gave him a tip, which he declined. Perhaps the tips are all included? I don’t know why he refused, it has never happened to me before, was it not enough, crap I will have to ask. I don’t want to insult them.
Dropping my bags on the bed, I have a look around at what is to be my home for the near future. Big and comfortable couches were the main focus of attention in here. The television is in a whitewashed frame, it’s made to look like a mirror or a picture. The light white washed wooden furniture is beautiful, modern yet rustic, including the large dresser, which had everything hidden within, including a fully stocked mini bar, with a selection of teas and coffees from everywhere, my favourite's chamomile and green tea are there too. There are fresh flowers in gigantic globe vases, adding a splash of colour and elegance to the room.
The floor to ceiling easy opening doors gave the room that total wow factor, it doubled the size of the room and the fine muslin curtains, which dressed the windows, gently float inwards with the warm breeze as I opened the doors. They led on to a balcony, which wrapped around the whole building. This too was tastefully furnished, complete with lanterns and cushions, the separating of the guest’s rooms, wasn’t your typical wall or iron railing. It was a double line of Grecian urns, each planted with different tall lush grasses in them, the sound as the breeze hits them, has a very calming effect, that and the sound of laughter and the waves breaking in the distance, would make working out here a fantastic open-air office.
Already impressed I headed to the bedroom, here too there are floor to ceiling windows, with the same window treatments as the lounge. The white-washed bed is taking centre stage in here. I couldn’t help it and found myself diving onto it. Oh yes, it’s comfy and out of this world nice. A walk in the closet finds the furniture in here, again is white-washed and wooden. I unpack my bags, which are full of new clothes. I just hope I have packed enough.
That done, I went for a shower and this too was sheer luxury, and I have stopped in a good many five-star hotels, but this one is definitely top of the list so far. The stone tub is taking centre stage of the wet room. The shower over the bath came from the ceiling through the largest showerhead I’d ever seen. I stripped for the shower, I needed to be fresh and clean and ready for my first dinner in public in quite a while, the coach here made for a sweaty start to my holiday, a more pleasant a journey would be hard to find, I wonder where the God disappeared to?
I turned it on and stood under it and wow it was sheer bliss, the water pressure altered easily with a simple press of a button, and with the soothing music playing on the speakers, I had at last relaxed totally. I’m clean and ready for anything else this day cared to throw at me, including a hunky Demigod. I’m on holiday so I’m allowed to dream. I dressed for dinner, casual evening dress the brochure said. So far, they hadn't been over selling this place and the trip advisors had this hotel spot on. Polly’s choice was fantastic, so I will have to email her later and thank her for making me book it.
We’d booked it to help me get away from the crappy past few weeks of my now complicated life, and all that was down to the three years of bloody lies and pain. Then, like I needed yet another reminder, my memory raced to that day that changed my life, it was a day filled with horrific betrayals and it was like nothing I have ever felt before. All this happened as I dry my hair and stare into space, the hypnotic breeze of the wind moving the muslin curtains, the blast of the air from the dryer and the sheer tiredness I am feeling has me at six’s and seven’s. I’d looked up and caught my reflection in the large mirror, my hands pull at the skin around my dark puffy eyes, and God I looked rough. I’d aged and the bags under my eyes weren’t as forgiving as they could have been. They looked as tired as I felt, was it any wonder though?
I’d been on the run for the past few weeks, the past month of which had been an enforced abandonment of all of my homes. I’d been forced to stop in seclusion in a hotel room, nice really, but that was a squat compared to this. I’d decided I needed to get away from London completely. I’d had to find yet another escape to place. They were forcing me out again, out of yet another country. Having already moved from America to London and then forced to flee from both of my two London homes. I’d had little or no choice what with the blasted news crew and paparazzi permanently camped out at my homes. My neighbours hated me too because of the strangers I’d brought to their doors.
They arrived at the door that my cousin Polly and I shared, then the second door, the flat that was once my husband’s house here, those neighbours banged loudly on my door too because their buzzers and bells were rung at all hours. Their doors too were banged on by the paparazzi running the halls looking for my flat. They were waiting to find me and to tell them my side of the story. Give them time and it will die down Polly said, but it didn’t, it got worse. All I could do at the time was cry and think to myself, why had all this happened to poor ole me?
Everything in my life turned horrifically upside down and back to front in one horrid weekend, when my farcical three year ‘film script life’ collapsed and thus ended the sham of a marriage to Simon Green, the star of the hit television series Danger Man. Simon was also Americas favourite heart throb, super stud actor and the studios top earning film star. On that fateful weekend my marriage ended and in doing so it changed my life completely. What was it with their need to intrude into our lives, this I never understood? The reasons the press and the public were always following us I’d found out, much to my horror and amazement, that one of the many pitfalls of being a film star's wife were the groupies, the hangers on, the paparazzi and television crews.
The paparazzi were the worst, with their constant need for photos, and creeping into every corner of our lives, just to keep the public up to date on our really boring lifestyle, this was something I could never get my head around. Why did the American public need to know what I bought from Wal-Mart, or in fact why did I shop there? Did they need to know I was considering plastic surgery? I wasn’t that wasn’t what I was doing at the hospital at all. I hadn’t signed up for all this when I married him, and I wouldn’t have, if I’d been told the truth either...
He told me he was called Thomas Adders, which was in fact his real name, it turns out that was the only truthful thing he said to me during our time together. He told me he was a schoolteacher from Boise Idaho, there on vacation. I hadn’t a clue that he was a film star, not that he actually looked like a film star or like the famous Simon Green at all, as he’d changed his appearance. I later found out he’d done it just to get into character for the television film he was making.
I was there getting over from the death of my parents in a traffic accident, they were killed as they returned home from my wonderful fun filled birthday weekend. I was in university studying English literature and languages at the time of their deaths and they had been to see me, because I couldn’t make it home because of my studies, it was something that I blamed myself for all the time, if they hadn’t been to see me they would be safe, had I gone home as they asked, they would again be safe. My guilt led to a severe case of depression, and I had to take time out to deal with my grief. I was on a sort of extra long summer break, one where usually I would have been somewhere exciting with my parents and we would be diving in either a set of dark and murky caves or into the depths of a sunken ship off somewhere nice.
 I hadn’t gone anywhere, because I was still struggling with everything, the loss the grief the guilt and it was made worse for being in the house alone. My freaky fun loving tactless, yet caring say as she sees it, Cousin Polly came to stop for the company, but I was still so depressed, so Polly picked me a holiday, she found me a great place and a good deal, she booked it, packed for it and shipped me off, because it would cheer me up she said. I had a month in the sun and had to relax she said, and whilst there I had to get myself laid, she said, just bloody well enjoy myself and let loose she said. I tended to do everything she said, because she knew better than me how to enjoy herself. I headed off, that time to the island of Corsica, because it looked like a place, she said I’d get some action. I promised her I’d get right on it and seek out the same said action.
I met Simon at the hotel we were both stopping in, when he accidentally tripped and stumbled onto my lounger, whilst not looking where he was going, as he was reading a book, me? I was asleep on the lounger and he drenched me with the drink he was carrying, a tall glass of really cold milk and I laughed as he said, and I thought he had done so in all honesty, ‘it’s no use crying over spilt milk,’ we laughed and joked as I agreed, he then offered to take me to dinner to compensate. It turns out he was still rehearsing, as this was how the murderer, he was to play actually met his victims, spilling milk on them and then joking about it… It was a good job that was all he rehearsed on me, because I didn’t fancy playing one of the victims he drowned and staged to look like a flower beneath the lake his home stood next to.
We spent all our time together after that and for the whole of the month we were inseparable, I had a wonderful time with him, he wined and dined me, we talked, and we laughed. Most of our time together was spent discussing books, life and the troubles of the world, then after a rather boozy night out, we decided to get married. We were, according to him perfect companions and friends and he was right, I hadn’t stopped smiling since the milk incident and I hadn’t taken a pill all holiday, it seemed our laughter was the best anti-depressant for me. So that’s what we did; we ended the holiday married and what was it Polly said? “Marry in haste, repent at leisure.” She said that I wanted, no I needed my head examined, but he made me laugh and smile again. I was so happy, because I wasn’t alone any longer. 
We’d married in a beautiful ceremony on the island, on our last day. Then he whisked me back to my new home, in Hollywood. When we arrived back in America, I’d grabbed an abandoned newspaper as we waited for our luggage, opening it and looking at it, I was, to my utter surprise looking at our wedding photos. They were plastered all across the front and back pages. Who was this Simon Green? I had married a Thomas Adders, and why was I plastered all over the papers? Shit, why was the airport suddenly awash with people, complete with cameras and their stupid flashes, which blind me and why were people screaming at us for an interview?
Thomas was gone and in stepped Simon, with his arm tightly around my waist. His assistant came to meet us, Jordon West, his very camp assistant. He gushed at Simon’s choice of wife, and told me he would be my new gay best friend, and me? I was shocked, surprised and mad as holy hell that I had married a person who had done nothing but lie to me all the holiday. There I was in America, married to someone I thought was a school teacher and the next thing I’m facing a flash mob of photographers all wanting to know details of his secret bride, as you can imagine the ride home was loud.
I was in shock, total shock and stood in a multi-million-dollar mansion married to Simon Green, a super stud actor, according to the newspaper, I read and fumed over. I had yet to see any supper stud anything. The few times we had tried and failed to make love he didn’t enjoy it. He actually told me he didn’t after a failed week of my trying to and failing miserably to seduce him. Not that I wanted to have sex with him, I just thought that was what he would want from me. Then much to my relief, he finally admitted it wasn’t just me it was him.
He had a problem in the bedroom department, and that he had two fantastically weird phobias. Gynophobia and Genophobia, I had to look them up, I thought he was gay and was just bullshitting me, but no, they were actually real phobias, ones he should have mentioned before promising me children. He picked a fine time to be telling me what the serious problems he had were, especially when we’d just got bloody married, the bloody fear of having sex and the abnormal fear of women, these sex problems he blamed on his weird upbringing.
He had in his own words, been pre-programmed to hate it and he believe it was morally wrong. He laughed and said that’s why he was an only child, because they did as the bible said, they were to do, they were be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and they did and neither of them liked it and as a result, they produced Thomas/Simon, as a consequence of not staying pure for God. They decided it was a sin, and he was the son of the devil. They then decided it meant they were to produce things from the earth, and became farmers, poor dirt farmers, feeding their congregation and the community as the bible said they were to do, they were rich in God’s love and were given a bountiful harvest each year, for their devotion to the Lords ministry. Which poor Thomas had to plant and harvest and care for each and every day of his childhood, according to Simon, who for some strange reason did not like his parents? When he told me about them, I almost asked did he visit them often in the mental hospital.
He blamed all his problems on them, his super strict mother, and a fire and damnation preacher for a father. It was such a wonderful time to let me know of that particular problem, after we were married. I understood some of it, but not all of it, as if I hadn’t already guessed there was something wrong. He was so frustrating, as he wouldn’t seek help for it. He over-compensated me in other ways, getting me gifts and flowers every day, but he still was affectionate, there were lots of hugs, but no kisses. We were fine as long as I didn’t kiss him back, we were more brother and sister, rather than man and wife.
I actually settled for that, because it felt warm and nice. I felt loved and wanted. Jordon and I had a blast and Simon, he is fantastic as a best friend and cuddle giver. I wanted for nothing and my life was near perfect apart from the no sex. No, that was still a no-go area. Simon did say if I felt the need, I could take a lover to eliminate my anxiety and I laughed. That was until I found out he was serious, but as I had never felt the urgency for that kind of intimacy. Some of my friends had, Polly included she was always on about it. I wasn’t that keen to try the old sex thing either. Maybe it was because I’d not yet met the right one, or perhaps I was broken, who knows? I really hadn’t had any experience with the opposite sex, as my parents were super strict, and I attended a girl’s catholic school and was sheltered from the horrors of the world, like you wouldn’t believe. Polly did ask if I was gay once, but no I’m not because I didn’t like women that way either.
The first year of our marriage I spent a lot of my time trying to adjust to married life and being Mrs Simon Green, television interviews magazine shots, the publicity machine that was Danger Man went into overdrive to protect their main man after a while I really thought all I surmounted to was arm candy for the studios sexy actor, they hardly ever said hello Chloe, it always started out as “here she is, the wife of the star of television and big screen, Mrs Simon Green,” that was the way they introduced me all the time, so I went with the flow and Chloe was lost in the life I had been brought into, here in his world he was the master, I was just his cute sidekick.
The world he inhabited was nothing like you could ever imagine. Parties, film premieres, press conferences, trips to exotic film award shows, premieres in Lord knows how many countries. He spoilt me, he really did, he treated me with love, respect and kindness in everything he did. Although the sex was still non-existent, he still made me feel cherished. He always had me with him, and I was always right there by his side. The trying for the promised child it was never mentioned in that first year. Obviously, you need to do one to get the other, but I knew I wasn’t for leaving it as long as my mother had done, even if there was a good reason for the late arrival into the world of me, one Chloe Koslov.
I enjoyed the way the world worked and how easy it was to get lost in the now, and you do sometimes forget to focus on your dreams, hopes and aspirations, and you can and do put off and forget about what’s important to you, but I was not for losing my dreams of having a child or family. I didn’t want to wait as long as my mother and my father had done. They had focused on their studies and teaching all their lives, both meeting late on in life. Their story always made me smile a happy smile and think of happy thoughts, well it did for nineteen years anyhow…
My father was Russian, and he had travelled to England when he was in his thirties, to teach Russian History at Cambridge and that’s where he met mum, she was teaching languages there too, they fell in love later on in life and married, I always thought thirty- seven was way too old to fall in love and still have children, mum too thought she was too old to have children. They apparently practised all the time, that was a gross fess, it was ‘too much info mum’ I said, as she imparted that nugget to me. Two oldies having sex, and yes, they still did all the bloody time. It took six years of trying to get me, as they told me all the time, I was their surprising little miracle.
Mum thought she was too old to have a child at forty-three, they had decided it wasn’t to be and had returned to Moscow, where they had me. I was fussed over like you wouldn’t believe. I was a spoilt only child. I was born in Moscow, when my father had returned to teach at Moscow State University and we lived in Russia for a long time, and I was only taken back to England, when my mother decided I needed to be educated in the west, this is the only time I ever heard them argue, ever. Mum won, and they began teaching in Cambridge again. I had such a happy childhood, full of laughter and adventures, and we lived happily until their horrific death on my nineteenth birthday. That once happy day was now ruined by sadness. I missed them terribly and the things we did together. I am sad again, and sitting in my over-the-top posh hotel room, crying at the horrid things flooding my mind, I’m sad, even in this beautiful place.
I dab my eyes dry, flick the dryer up a notch and stare at Chloe Koslov in the mirror. Had all my time been so shit with Simon, I could have been less angry. I wasn’t angry it had ended, far from it I was relieved, it was how it ended that angered me. It hadn’t all been bad, my life with Simon, well it was damn near perfect and happy-ish. He was a loving and giving man, he encouraged me to fulfil all my dreams and hobbies, and I had lots of things to do other than be Mrs Green. There was not a lot of down time for Simon between films, their varied locations and the ‘Danger Man’ series he did back home, but I was always with him. I had to fill in the time between filming of the movies he did, and the television series he had, the man was a workaholic. Simon called it ‘Chloe Time,’ the short gaps between his stuff, during these all too infrequent gaps he would indulge my needs and my desires, as a reward for helping him with his.
I’d started scuba diving again, when I first arrived in America, at a local dive school in LA. He was busy at home doing ‘Danger Man’, so I could do this as he did that and whilst here at home. I was seven when I started diving, I started with snorkelling and then I progressed to scuba diving, we loved it my parents and me. They encouraged me to enjoy all life’s opportunities, whether big or small. They made sure I was always entertained, I excelled at doing sports, my piano lessons, and learning languages and of course. I excelled in my study’s. Polly calls me Nerdy Knickers for a reason. The holidays were always spent diving wrecks or photographing ancient ruins in the many places we visited, each fun filled holiday was a wonderful time and a learning experience.
I thoroughly enjoyed scuba diving, and I had completed all the courses possible and through the B.S.A.C and P.A.D.I. I am fully qualified to teach, I’m a Master Scuba Diver. This Simon didn’t like me doing in case I drowned. He hated deep water, but he allowed me to do it, without an argument because he knew I was passionate about it and really good at it! Yes, he had me watched to ease his mind. He then put his fears to the side and worried to himself the whole time I was away, so I know he cared for me deeply. And there they are, yet more bitter thoughts, so if he cared, why had he done this to me?
Jordon, he joined me on a few dives. He really was my second best friend; Jordon, Simon and I went everywhere and we did everything together. Apparently, gay men make the best assistants. He made for a great friend and held my hand through many tears and tantrums. I did ask Simon when we first got to LA, was there something I need to know about them. Guessing early on that Simon was gay. I’d often watched the closeness of the two, when they worked out or had meetings in the office at home, the joking and the fake arguments when arranging Simon’s tight schedules, was sometimes exasperating and I’d step in and tell them to kiss and make up.
When choosing his wardrobe Jordon knew him so well and had a sixth sense of what would work and wouldn’t on Simon. If we were in others company Jordon never left me out of any conversation, he was amazing, and I never envied their friendship, because Jordon was by my side as my best friend too. Simon promised they were just really good friends, he was the brother he’d never had and best friend he always wanted growing-up, and I allowed myself to think they were just that, only friends.
Well he was our close friend and was for the two and a half years he was with us. Then he suddenly left the house six months ago, and he was out of my life and had returned home, saying he’d been offered a job, one that was too good to turn down. I laughed, he had met a rich fella and he didn’t think I knew, but the gifts he got were expensive and very tasteful and the fella had so obviously set him up somewhere swish. I got the occasional email, but he’d sort of cut ties. I lost my best shopping buddy, he had good taste in frocks, so clichéd, but he had. I missed him more than Simon did.
I also had Jordon to thank for my career as an author, because he’d put me in touch with a few studio people and helped by kick starting my writing career there, he’d read my book and loved it, thank you Jordon. I’d needed something to do, when away on location and stuck in the trailers, it wasn’t as glam as I thought it would be. I was good at writing, and I’d always had a penchant for short stories. My head was always in a book and my fingers forever tapping away at stories on my laptop.
Los Angeles is swimming in would be writers, here it really is a case of its not what you know but whom, it is only with that or perhaps the rare occasion someone happens upon dumb luck and happenstance, do you get the good jobs. It was something I was actually good at doing and had many small jobs under my belt already. I didn’t ever use Simon’s name to get a job. I wrote under several pseudonyms and my work was steady, but the income was very sporadic, so it was a good job I didn’t need the money. I only did it anyway for something to do or I would have to spend hours doing nothing between shots and bad weather, when we were away at one of his film locations.
It was on one of the first shoots here where Jordon had read my novel and passed it sneakily to Gerri, who then passed it to her publisher, it was a ‘not what you know but whom’ thing at work that time. Gerri was a pal of Jordon’s too. I wrote a lot and usually out in the middle of nowhere on Simon’s cool film locations, the last one was in Russia. I loved the spy film he did there. I also had fun speaking Russian again, and doing the translating for the cast and crew. I’d hike in the mountains for hours, with a minder armed with a gun. Apparently, there are black bears everywhere.
It helped to get away from the trailer too, because I didn’t get on with Simon’s new assistant either. He’d ruined my trip away with his nastiness and things he did to annoy me, his constant need to be putting me down and being, sorry for want of a better word, an antagonistic bastard. Why Simon brought him with us I didn’t know, because he was a complete and utterly arrogant arsehole and useless at his job? That bastard's name was Barry Hayes, that man was a slime ball. He was totally crap at being his assistant, forever forgetting things and messing up Simon’s clothes. I wish I’d fed the fucker to that big arsed black bear that chased him when he came with me on a hike now.
Simon wanted us to be friends, because he was fed up of the bitching. We argued all the time and he thought he could boss me around. Therefore, at Simon's insistence we did the hike together, just to get to know each other, to bond. The only bonding I needed to do with him was tying him to a tree and leaving him there to bond with the Russian elements and get eaten by a bear and yes I had the chance back in the woods in Russia, why did I not take it, it was the chance in a lifetime to let him be eaten by a bear, and not get blamed.
I could have ignored his screams, when it chased him, I could have walked away, but my sense of loyalty to Simon took over. Bazza Hayes would have been no great loss to society, such was my hate of the man, I should have left the little fucker, but my better judgment was impaired. I allowed my protector to shoot a warning shot and the bear ran off. In the horrific and funny hour, we allowed Barry to hide up the tree, he had crapped in his pants, now that was a good long hike back and for two hours, he smelt like a toilet.
Meshach and I, we enjoyed the long walk home. We could have taken a short cut home, but where was the fun in that? Poor Bazza, he needed plenty of cold creams on his chapped inner thighs and his tackle, and threw away his designer clothes, clothes as good as those were like putting a ten-thousand-dollar suit on a gorilla at feeding time, it was wasted on him, what he really needed were dungarees a banjo and a straw hat, now they looked better with the missing teeth and that Hicksville voice he had. “Y'all can kiss my ass," was a perfectly acceptable way for him to end all his arguments and mince off and sulk.
When we got back to the set, he was so angry at me, all did was offer my help in bringing him things to his trailer. Bazza lost the plot with my asking could he use some more toilet paper and poop cream? Simon gave me a look, and I smiled, as he told me “Y'all can kiss my ass, y’all did that, on purpose, ‘cos you’re just a bitch Chloe.” Right, like I purposely put Black bears in the woods, just to chase his arse from the toilet. I was though it has to be said, enjoying the pain he was now in and the mess he had made of himself. I was told to rot in my own little witch hell. I said “Charming” and walked away.
Simon asked Meshach did I do as Barry had said I had, and purposely led the bear to the place where he had gone to relieve himself. Meshach said no Barry had been behaving like a spoilt child all day, he said Barry walked off ignoring all his advice. He didn’t, thank you Meshach, mention the snickers bars I may or may not have dropped near his toilet area. I paid Meshach very well for that day's body guarding. He said it was a fun day out and when could we do it again? That last trip was a disaster from start to finish and something I would never do again go away with Simon, if Bazza was there.
I drift to what else I had done in those three long years, and I’m laughing because those things were now impacting on my life. Over the course of those three years, I had thrown myself into writing. I’d already written that book, which was of interest to my friend Gerri’s publishers, thanks to Jordon. Gerri, she was already published and had a phenomenal hit on her hands, it happened about the same time I married Simon, and Jordon introduced us, as our sense of humour and our writing styles were similar, yeah right. Her book was downright pornesk; mine was a sappy love story of a young girl’s first love and nothing like hers.
I had also done two small screen plays for a friend of Simon’s, as the friend was on a tight budget and he needed cheap, i.e. I was able to work for free, so did it pro-gratis, but in doing those two small things it had brought me to the attention of Sam W Foxx. He was Simon’s first friend here in Hollywood, and the one who apparently Simon often said, helped kick start his career here. Sam was head of production on the Gerri’s new book to film deal, Dark Days. The much-hyped book, of the sexual deviant Daniel Dark, and his obsession with the new girl in his life Abbey Reece, from their first meeting, he has lusted after her. The book follows them from that first meeting, and her deflowering at his hands and then the leading her into his world, and her bringing him out into hers, the hearts and flowers of love. Umm, I wasn’t sure I could do it not having done it, well having not been there and sealed the deal as they say.
I agreed to give writing it a try, after all they were still only in the talk stage with the Gerri, but hell I knew she wanted to do it, and it was all she spoke about. She had already given me the book to work on, a first edition none the less. I decided to give it a go and read it I did, and wow, reading it brought out the inner harlot in me. I loved it and my interest in sex was sparked, not with just anyone, but with my friends Wanda and Bob. No, I wasn’t a sex fiend, I had a couple of toys Gerri bought me as a gift, along with a fair few packs of batteries, when she gave me the book and lucky for me a copy of her new book, as yet to be published, but when it does let’s just say I needed the toys she jokingly gave me too.
I was to write a screenplay from the book before me, the very same book that came under a dubious subtitle of lady porn, and for good reason. The book was something very new, for the bored housewife, something for them to read at bedtime, pleasure for the neglected wife and lonely girls to fantasise about. Something to dream of, having their very own Daniel in bed with them, and boy did they. All the social media sites were awash with gossip and thoughts about them, who would play Abby and Daniel, in the upcoming film.
I needed the distraction of something other than having a bloody baby. I’d had a crappy two years of failed baby making, and my brain was fuddled, muddled and hurt, because despite trying, I couldn’t get pregnant. Simon said to find something to do to take my mind off things and the offer by Sam couldn’t have come at a better time, as our last lot of eggs were implanted and yet again, I failed. Simon said we’d try again later, like it was that easy, it wasn’t and sometimes I’d wished we didn’t even start the process…
My much craved for child had reared its head after a tactless comment on a television interview we did, after that boy Simon was firing on all cylinders, when we got home. Simon and I had a debate on the details, Jordon too was like an expectant father, when we told him we wanted to include him in everything we did, he offered his true thanks, and it was agreed we would start the process. So, I had been having injections to help with artificial insemination, after discussions with a fertility specialist, Simon said we should try at least to go down the medical pathway.
He wasn’t for trying the traditional method at all and it did not surprise me in the least. We were tested, and his tadpoles weren’t up too much, and I had or would have great difficulty conceiving the normal way. I had the same faulty plumbing as my mother. A nice way to say blocked tubes was the cause of my problems, so we went down the IVF and AI route to try to conceive. I had painful stomach injections over three weeks before collection, yet another jab thirty-six hours before collection, but this time in my thigh. The collection itself was under sedative, but the cramping after was painful and the waiting to see if it had worked, was the worst two weeks of my life.
After six failed attempts, over those last two years and that first batch of eggs were now all used. I couldn’t face another round of the injections, so our attempts were to be put on hold, after all Simon said I was still young we could try again. After the last failed attempt, I was so miserable, there was no Jordon this time to cry with me and take me out of myself, just Barry The Bastard, who was being a bitch. This man I hated, he was uncouth, he wasn’t nice, and he was an idiot. I saw people like him on a popular television programme all the time. Usually the subject matter was infidelity and weird sex stuff, you know the type of programme, ‘I married my cousin, and we’re having his brother’s child!’ Barry looking like, one of the dumb ass brothers. It was after the last attempt failed, that our lives changed, for the worse.
I stopped the dryer, because my hair now looked like it had been hanging out of the car window all the way from Land's End to John O'Groats, sheisk, I laugh aloud. After all the shit I have been through, the rewashing of my hair was nothing in comparison. I laughed out loud and brushed it into submission. Picking up my beautiful brush, I laughed remembering it cutting open Simon’s head that world-collapsing-day. Simon had thrown me a surprise ‘cheer my gal up party,’ a good old southern style barbeque which included all of our friends.
We had a fabulous time, and my spirits were definitely lifted, that was until Simon got a phone call, and his mood changed, and I entertained our guests alone. Amongst the guests, my best friend and the author of the lady porn books I'd spent a lot of time reading and in the past three months. I had spent a great deal of time with her, getting ready for my last failed attempt at motherhood, G.H.Talon, or good old Gerri to her mates. Gerri was an Australian and a barmaid, how very clichéd she’d say, an Ozzie and a barmaid and all bars should have one. She was tending the bar and I was busy serving the drinks she made.
“One of the two things I’m good at, cocktails and sex, killer combo darling.” I just laughed. Her book was the reason my friends were in use nightly, Bob and Wanda became my best friends, in fact we had been through a few batteries in the past few weeks and I’d managed to break poor Wanda too, she didn’t jiggle around anymore, and she stopped pulsing, I’d killed my friend…


Chapter 2:


The guests had, had a great day, though Simon didn’t look happy, something was worrying him, and he had forever been on the phone, on the laptop, and who with Barry his personal assistant, had been coming and going all day. With the last of the guests gone, he finally came to speak to me.
“Chloe, can I have a quiet word Babe, in the bedroom lounge please?” I followed him up to the lounge, and dressing rooms that served as a divide, between our rooms. We had separated bedrooms too. All my clothes were in the middle of being packed.
“What’s going on, and why are my clothes everywhere?” He changed from being the sweetest thing in my life, to being the biggest mistake in it, and all with the next words that came out of his mouth.
“There is an article being run in the news tomorrow and you’re going to stop at your place in England for a couple of weeks, Babe. I need to distance you from the hurt and pain you are going to have to endure in the next few days.”
“Simon, explain and do it now, you're worrying me.”
“Well they have compromising photos of me and a friend.”
“You have someone else? How you’re hardly ever alone? Get the lawyers on to them and threaten to sue them.” He smiled an evil smile; it shocked me because I’d never seen this side of Simon before.
“What’s the point, I’m so sick of living my life as a lie? I want to be free to live with my lover. Sorry Babe, but this is going to come as much as a shock to you as it will do to my fans tomorrow, but I am gay.” I was relieved. At last, no more lies with no more living a lie, for either of us. He was out of that fucking closet. He was so far in the blasted closet he could have been in Narnia, wearing a fabulous fur coat in the damned snow. It was cold and lonely place for me too, in denial. I had guessed he was gay and just wouldn’t or couldn’t come out, I thought of broaching it with him, but I figured he would eventually, then suddenly that day became that eventually day.
“Who is the other man then? You could have told me, it’s not as if we had that sort of marriage, is it? I asked you when we first married, and you lied, why? You’re my best friend. Really you should have said something before now, you idiot.”
“The good roles don’t go to gay guy’s Babe. I married you because there was already speculation I was. Chloe, I only married you to hide the fact, that I was and am gay. You dear Chloe, I used as my straight guy cover Babe. An unpleasant fact in Hollywood, gay guys don’t get the meaty roles Babe, and I so want that part of Daniel Dark, it would make me big, bigger than any other part I have had. I need to get it, and the part was written with my name on it.” I don’t think so, I thought as the madness continued and the maid packed my bags.
When I write it, you would be the last person I would picture playing Daniel. Given his phobias, we may as well have given the part to his body double, because this role was all touch, feel, up close skin and body action. Well sex with a woman usually is all touchy feely and even he wasn’t that good an actor. I’d witnessed the horror when he came near my naked body, and if he calls me Babe one more time, I will swing for him, did he take a gay talking pill with his last gin and tonic?
“I am being outed, whether I like it or not. You’re going to be taking some flak, I would like to tell them that you’re happy with your life, and we are happy as we are, you don’t need this Babe, really you don’t.” His concern seemed rehearsed, as if he had spent the afternoon learning his script.
“Who is the person in the photos Simon, tell me?” Barry came in and held him tightly. Oh hell no, how did I miss that?
“Have you told the fag hag she’s out, and I’m in?” He didn’t just say that.
“This is what you were bonking? Well good job your phobias don’t include Cacophobia, because you’re not that meticulous in men friends then. What were you thinking of Simon? He is definitely the bottom of the barrel material. You’re always saying he’s useless at being your PA, seems not everything he does is crap work then?” I was angry at his choice of boyfriend, go figure. “Well why do I have to leave, why? I can stop here, and we can continue as before. We have never had a marriage as such.”
“Simon and I want to get married, and well we have to think of the children, our surrogate is pregnant with our children. That’s why bitch; you’re out and I’m in. Simon was only staying until he found out the much dreaded news, to see if you were in fact having his child and wada-yah-know? Something you can’t give him, but I can bitch, and I don’t have any disease's bitch! What’s Ccc-acco-phobia-whatsaia? I have a clean bill of health, Simon had me checked over with his top man.”
“Obviously, he had to get you checked out, but he’s still waiting for the brain scan results, it seems the peanuts a little lose up there because you are an ugly little man, as far as I’m aware you haven’t got a uterus, so in actuality you didn’t do or give him something I couldn’t, but you found a skank to do it for you, is she your hillbilly sister cousin?” I'm stunned. I had always wanted to be a mother, and his girlfriend, had really just told me that? God did I flip, the dozen white roses he’d only just bought me, were thrown with great accuracy at the two of them, in a pitch that would have had me pitching for the Red Sox.
Smashing it against the wardrobes and spraying the pair of them in the glass, water and roses, now that felt so damn good. Then the more frenzied attack began, the contents of the centre island became my missiles of Bazza Destruction. Shoes, jewellery, makeup you name it their heads were targeted. When I’d finished, they were covered in cuts and red welts. One made quite a mess of Simon’s face; it looked like it would need stitches too. Barry, he camped around screaming and shouting for me to stop, he came at me and thud, one thump to the nose and he was flayed out in our closet.
“I’m glad you’re out of your fucking closet, really I am, now just take your girlfriend and get the fuck out of my closet, or so help me God Simon I’ll kill the pair of you, tell your moronic girlfriend, Cacophobia is the fear of an ugly person or becoming ugly, you managed both, by dating one and becoming the other, you fucking bastard. I too am happy at not being pregnant and bringing a child into the circus that your life is. You are a pair are bastards, and you Simon I will never forgive ever.” He helped his fiancée up and left me alone. I was bloody angry.
I packed my things. His stuff for his next picture was in the good luggage. I put them in two massive holdalls, carefully and calmly. All the documents from the safe I placed in my bag along with my passports and Barry’s, by accident of course, let’s see him go to Iceland without it on Monday. My jewellery was placed in its posh Gucci travel case. I had contemplated leaving it, but hell it was mine, and I’d be damned if I was leaving it for Barry.
He was often seen trying on the diamonds. Yes, Simon did spoil me, I know why now. I packed those carefully and ordered a car to pick me up. I was too angry for words, Simon had stopped bleeding and was pleading with me not to speak to the press, he would do anything, pay anything, give me anything.
“I would have given you a divorce, not a problem, but what you have just told me has cost you everything. What’s betting you’re wishing I’d signed those prenups now aren’t you? Yes, you will give me everything my divorce lawyer asks you for too. I won’t be nasty I just want what I’m entitled to, nothing more and don’t bother lying I have copies of all our statements, so don’t think about trying to hide things with turd for brain Bazza The Bitch. I hope you two will be happy really I do, because everyone deserves to be happy, but not at the expense of someone else’s feelings Simon? You have crushed all that now by telling me of your children. How long did it take her to have your child? Were you trying with her the whole time we were trying? Oh, don’t tell me, for that alone I hate you.”
“I am sorry Chloe; you really were a good friend, and great to have on my arm, you have given me everything, but Barry I love. You, you're more my sister, than a wife. Having children, you really need to be deeply in love with that person, not just love them. I do love you Babes, but I’m never going to be in love with you.” He gave me a hug and my car came. How civilised. I don’t think it hit me until I pulled up outside Gerri’s and she buzzed me in.
“Well sweetie, let’s get our girl Gloria on the case and now. We take control of this and hope he doesn’t welch on the deal pay you all your owed, he has been busy since he married you, the past three years have been his best and he was well paid, let’s make the bastard pay for all of those failed baby making months, every injection we cried over giving you. What’s betting the babies are the other poofs?” She’d had a bad divorce from her ex and was an expert in the field; he at least had left her for a woman, twenty years younger, she laughed mine had left me for a younger man.
Her hatred of Simon, she never hid from me. She never liked him and hated Barry even more, because she knew why her buddy Jordon had left us. He’d caught them together in the pool room naked and giving Broke Back Mountain a run for its money. I was with Gerri when that weekend happened. Next, I was on the phone to Gloria, my attorney, who jumped on it and released a press statement through various news internet sites and immediately, just to beat their version of crap they were releasing to the papers, they had ruined my life and I will now ruin their exclusive story…

‘Chloe Koslov Green is divorcing her husband of three years, actor Simon Green; they will remain friends, as they have been for the past three years. She wishes him well with his new partner, Barry Hayes. She sends her warmest wishes to them and their future endeavours, and happiness in all they strive to achieve in this far from perfect world, one filled with harsh realities. She wishes to spend some time alone. No interviews will be given; no more statements will be released regarding this painful subject. She has had a lot to take in and needs time to get herself in order.
A quick divorce is being sought by Ms Koslov, stating his adultery as the reason for the break-up of their marriage, friendship and happy life together, she wishes them well and now needs time to contemplate her future, again she reiterates she will never speak publicly on this matter, please give her the space and privacy she needs at this sad time. Thank you.’


I thought it was fine and I didn’t tell them about the babies, as he’d begged me not too, but they were a killer blow for me. One which was in the end something I would never forgive Simon for. That was the deepest of his betrayals but perhaps wanting to shield his children from the unforgiving and unyielding press, was something I did agree on. They hadn’t told either of their parents they were gay, that would be a nice surprise for them too, though Barry was as camp as Christmas, all tied up in frilly bows with an arse clenching camp walk. His parents must have known, I did just not about Simon and him, because he was so damn ugly and uneducated, and so not suited to Simon. Words failed me as to what he saw in him. I know, very bitter of me, but I couldn’t help it. I had lost another best friend because of Bazza.
I spent two weeks hiding out in Gerri’s home, and I was kept a virtual prisoner, they camped out wanting my statements. It got a lot worse after a whole series of his friends came out of the closet, and boy there were loads. Most had photos, and all were selling them to the highest bidder, and the offers for interviews were driving me potty. It was a bit of a surprise for Barry too, he wasn’t his one and only. The youngest was just seventeen, Simon being thirty-four, this was a little too much even for me.
I was granted a quick and painless divorce, in which he honoured my demands for the money, and he threw in the beach house we bought in Jamaica and the flat in London was now mine. I flew to London in the middle of the night, angry at being held prisoner in Gerri’s home by the press and television crews. I did it the day of the granting of the divorce. Yahoo, for a quickie divorce, I would get the final paperwork in six weeks. In six weeks, I would be free of the painful lie I had lived.
I escaped, as if I was a thief in the night. I was angry down and a tad lonely when I arrived in London. The press, well they were waiting and had followed me to my home. Over the next week, my life and that of the neighbours was made a living hell, they were all fuming with me too. I left to go to the flat, but they followed there too. The neighbours here were harassed and persecuted, they’d had enough of their bells forever being rung, to allow them access to my flat and at all times of the day and night, they wanted their goddamned interview, and they needed it badly.
Desperation set in, so to appease my neighbours, after another horrific week, I decided to camp out in a hotel for the next month. I made another quite drastic decision too. I chose to leave my old life behind, because I needed to. My name, appearance and everything would change. I wouldn’t be Chloe Koscov Green, for much longer, I became Chloe Dutton, using my mother’s maiden name. I had to change all my official documents to Dutton, with that done I then opened a new bank account and I got a new British passport, my Russian one was still Koslov and my American one was still Green, waddaya know, I had a full set.
Then wearing a brown wig to hide my recognisable long blonde hair, I ventured out alone for the first time in years, by the end of the month I was almost totally reinvented, and I had not been followed or watched, yes the press were still looking for me. My appearance was the last thing to change. I'd purchased a new phone because the newspapers and television stations were constantly ringing my old one. I need to buy new cameras too, as all my things were still on their way back from America.
Polly came around and she decided that I needed a holiday. The last one she booked didn’t end very well. A few glasses of wine later and she found the perfect retreat for the month I needed to be away.
“The hotel Vasilis is located on the beautiful Greek Island of Christos, the five-star luxury hotel, is one of two hotels run and owned by The Kaminis Hotel and Casino Group, here on this idyllic hideaway island. The Island of Christos is a privately owned Greek island paradise, where the owner Alexander Kaminis, is often seen helping in the hotel, were no expense has been spared in this hotel or her sister hotel here on the island, The Hotel Santos, which has just completed a multimillion Euro make over. They strive to exceed your expectations and strive to give you the holiday of a lifetime, were your every wish will be met and exceeded. We here at the Greek Experience, know you will be treated like Kings and Queens, in either of these two beautiful, jaw dropping palaces of elegance.   
Here where they employ only Michelin star chefs to prepare the food for your enjoyment, your taste pallets will be on high alert, as it would be in any other five-star restaurants on the planet. The fantastic Greek food here, is prepared by Takis Dante’s, who for the past twenty years, has cooked for the crown heads of Europe, you will dine like royalty. Chloe order food I’m starving and we’re getting drunker. You married a Queen Chloe, don’t do it here please?” I laughed and then ordered, as she carried on speaking.
“The hotel boasts three swimming pools; the sky-pool, a fantastic rooftop illusion pool, which gives you the appearance of swimming in the glorious Aegean Sea, it is serviced by the Blue Sky Bar, which sits atop of the hotel, where if you look down there is the illusion of the hotel being cradled in the arms of the rocks and nestled beautifully in the midst of the same clear blue Aegean Sea. There is an outdoor adventure pool with various waterslides; it is a natural sea pool, that cuts into the rocks, which surround it. Then the outside pool, for a calmer more relaxing swim, with plenty of loungers, with the added luxury of private cabanas at the poolside.
The beach is a private guest only beach; the hotel is only accessed by a private road, it boasts twenty-four-hour protection, as does its beaches. All this is for their guest’s total security. Four bars and two restaurants, snooker, pool and billiards table’s, nightclub, stables, scuba diving, jet skis, private yacht for hire, Wi-Fi, an extensive library and a full concierge service. All the amenities are of the best quality and are the best that money can buy. This sounds right up your street Chloe. Well do you want me to book it for you and how long for?”
“I think a month will be fine, I can always book extra nights should I need them. Can you book me the suite and pay Polly, and I’ll transfer the cash? I can’t wait to go now, and have a great working holiday, pity you can’t come to Polly?”
“I know, but my next assignment is in Japan for two months, and I can’t wait. Promise me no marriage this time. I won’t be happy if you get another gay guy who’s pretending to be a straight guy.” Polly is a translator for the foreign office and gets some nice foreign jobs, and as an added bonus loves Japanese men.
I’d spent the next day changing my looks, starting with my hair, gone the blonde waist length hair. Giorgio my hair stylist, will freak when he sees what I’ve had done. For three years, he has managed the time bomb, which was my unruly hair. I’m often quoted as supporting extensions; nothing about me is false, because I have my own teeth, own boobs, nails and hair, even the tan is down to hours spent in the sea. I turned out of the salon, four hours later, with a striking new look, a dyed brown, shoulder length style, complete with layers and bangs and I loved it.
Then it was off to shop for clothes. Hours I spent doing this, no personal shopper delivering racks of dresses this time. A fun day spent shopping, fun because I shopped for myself. I enjoyed shopping with Jordon, who was now in contact with me, he finally admitted to being Simon’s friend too. He, I understood perfectly: he is handsome, charming, clean, good fun and educated. Barry was a hillbilly with bad hygiene issues, bad teeth and manners to match. Barry was the reason Jordon left us; he had wormed his way into Simon’s life and neither of us knew why?
Jordon wanted and needed my forgiveness. He was discreet and was a good friend to me as stupid as that sounds. I always suspected he and Simon were lovers, but Simon lied when I asked him, that day ‘my never ask again, I don’t need to know pact’ was started in my head. Jordon had never rubbed my nose in it, and he was set up by Simon elsewhere and given a handsome payoff to leave quietly, and to his credit wasn’t one of the many ‘friends’ coming out. We chatted for ages on Skype and the phone. He and I would continue now to be friends, we were the founding members of the ‘we hate Barry group.’
My stomach rumbled, and I am back in the land of the living, daydream over, and back now in this fabulous hotel I am now ensconced in, my hair is tame enough to run the curling tongs through, my makeup is done, and I look for the first time in months, like the old me...


Chapter 3:


I decided to go down to dinner and I chose the smaller of the dining rooms, this one was beautiful, with its marble floors stretching right out to the patio, where there are typical Greek/Romanesque pillars holding up the ceilings, the grand stone arched windows dressed the fabulous views of the mountains to the rear perfectly and to the front through the massive sliding doors, is the view of the beautiful blues of the Aegean Sea. I chose a window seat, one facing that wondrous clear blue sea and I stared out of the window, it was such a beautiful, beautiful view of paradise.
Ordering, with the help of the waiter, from the fantastic menu before me, I settled on a mezze. A small taste of everything, because I couldn’t decide what I wanted. I would wash it down with a local beer, Mythos; according to the waiter I will like it because it’s very good and I take his word for it. The sounds and smells drifting through the restaurant had my senses on high alert. Had I died and been dropped in this little piece of heaven? I didn’t realise just how hungry I was, until the smells from the barbeque wafted through and hit my nose, then my belly grumbled, err excuse me.
I didn’t have long to wait, and oh lord what a platter, enough to feed an army. A selection of hot and cold delectable treats was presented to me, on a massive platter. It comprised of Greek style meat balls, fried bringals, this was aubergines in a thin batter dish, fried courgettes, pita and slices of Greek breads, olives, tomato’s, cucumber, taramosalata, tzatziki, fried calamari, Mediterranean ribs, lamb kofta and chicken souvlaki, and in the centre a watermelon and feta Salad. I drank my beer and looked out of the window picking at the food, and for the first time in almost two months I felt at peace, my head was at last not now aching. After eating, and for my shame I’d managed to make quite a dent in the platter, I decided on an early night. This day had been long, and what with the few local beers I’d had, and the ouzo the waiter had brought as part of the meal, it had gone straight to my head, whoosh it was strong stuff.
As I slid my chair back to get out, I hit the person behind me, crap... I turned around to apologise, just to see ole blue eyes, was the one sat behind me, and now he is covered in his red wine. Oh double crap. I grabbed a napkin and wiped him down and as it had pooled in his lap I didn’t think and set about mopping up the spillage. I was feeling him up, triple crap. Where was my head at? My hands I knew where they bloody were, they were busy feeling up my Adonis, my Adonis, right like I stand a chance, and he sat there and smiled, good God his smile, hells teeth his hardness was erg, impressive too.
“I don’t know what it is with you, making me so clumsy? I can promise I’m not always such a dork.” I was blushing from already covering him in the wine, but now his crotch area went into action when I wiped him down, wowsers.
“Please, join me in drinking this, and please there are no hard feelings, please allow me to pop up to my room and change, I promise I will be straight back down.” He was using euphemisms and yes, I knew he had a hard on, I felt it. He signalled for the waiter, spoke in Greek and ordered another bottle. He then disappeared, before I could refuse. The waiter had me move to the sea view terrace, with its plush couches, pillows and lamps, which were burning a sweet smelling citrus candle, throwing a pleasant subtle hue on the table too and with the soft overhead lighting, it looked quite romantic.
I settled into the couch, taking my shoes off and hugging my knees and staring out to sea. The waiter brought the wine and two glasses, he poured me a small amount which I sipped, it tasted rich and of blackcurrants. I smiled as he half filled the glass. The Greek God was behind me, as I sipped the wine. Oh, he was definitely handsome as he sat by my side and really close too.
“Thank you for joining me, are you enjoying the wine? It’s a Chateau Lafite Rothschild Pauillac 1996.” I smiled, as he sat down looking so cool in his replacement linen shirt and trousers.
“Oh, so much nicer than the 2003, of which I have a couple cases of back home, though give that a few more years, and that too will improve with age immensely don’t you think?” He looked shocked.
“Argh, you know about wine. It’s a passion of mine it has to be said, and where did you acquire your knowledge?” He took a sip of the wine, licking his lips. I am in awe of his beauty, and as I stare into his eyes, my eyes look on as his tongue licks his lip, I think I may have gulped... Snapping hastily out of my lust fest, I answered him.
“I spend a lot of time on wine tasting weekends, close to my old home in California. I also went to France, to visit the Bordeaux region of the Medoc, whilst we were there on business, and where I acquired my crate or two of my nice 2006 vintage. I have many favourites from the area, and in my wine cellar it too has many nice bottles of this within its walls, I love the way it kisses the glass leaving you watching in awe as it slides down, like fine silks slipping down a smooth leg. The blackcurrant fruitiness is the front flavour then it’s followed by the ummm cedar wood, then the pencil lead graphite secondary flavours, it adds that touch of greatness to a near perfect vintage.
It’s just pure elegance, that enriches your pallet and ummm it’s such a divine elegance too.” He smiles across at me, and I lose myself in the wine, I didn’t see this on the wine list? “I love to wander through the vineyards as I get my best inspiration for writing when I walk through their vines and block out the sheer madness of the world, and there within the row upon row of ripening juice filled grapes, I can, if I’m lucky find my peaceful place. It’s quite a relaxing weekend, you should try one if you’re ever in California.” I took another sip and shivered a little. He signalled and spoke to the waiter, who disappeared and two minutes later brought me a pashmina throw for my legs.
“Thank you that was nice of you.” The waiter scooted off. “The staff here are excellent, and nothing is too much trouble, it shocked me they won’t accept a tip. Do you stop here often? This is one of the nicest, if not the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. My month or so here is going to be a pleasurable stay.” He smiled shuffled in his seat and took another sip of his wine. I’m waffling, I do that when nervous, and yes, I’m nervous.
“I stay here sometimes, but I actually have a villa here overlooking another cove, and a cove very similar to this, but on the western side of the island, it is set into the rocks, but as this was a last minute trip I have to stop here for a few days. My friends are, as you Americans say are on vacation there.” I laugh at him.
“I am as the proverbial as the English Rose. I am well, half English, half Russian. I thought my American accent would have gone by now, a bad habit picked up whilst living there for a while. You too have an accent and one which isn’t totally Greek, or am I wrong?”
“You’re right it’s an Australian accent, when I was growing up, we spent six months here and six months there, my second home was in Brisbane. You are good at distracting me Ms Denton. My reason for being here is because my American friends borrowed my home here for a couple of weeks, they asked me to join the family in my home, but working as hard as he does, he gets very little quality time to spend with his children.
I know how much it means to them having a happy family holiday, time for both he and his wife to spend with their wonderful children, so I politely declined. Besides, it’s not a hardship living here either and I’m glad you like it. Is there anything you don’t like, I know the owner, and he loves to hear of anything his guests feel needs improving upon.” I took my last sip of the wine and he filled my glass again.
“No, you can’t improve the rooms, they are lush and wonderful and whoever designed this hotel gave every guest a picture of paradise from their windows, even the back rooms have a view of the mountains. It’s such a beautiful place.”
“So, you like it here then, here on my island paradise?” I smiled at him as he sipped more of the wine, he was toying with me licking his lip and flicking his hand through his hair.
“Why do you too consider this your Island? Everyone I have spoken to seem to think they own this island, the way the staff talks about the actual owner, he’s some sort of Demigod.” He spluttered the very nice wine back in his glass.
“Sorry for that, but I have never been called a Demigod before, but I actually think I own the island, because I do. Let me introduce myself, Alexander Kaminis, please though call me Alex.” Heck, I was the one spluttering now. “My staff talks as they do, because they too love the place, they are all local apart from the chefs and a couple of others. They do consider it their island too, as they love living here as much as I do.” Oh, hell I vaguely remember Polly talking to me about the owner, and how he is often seen helping here.
“I love it here, really I do, and I can see why you like living here. It is beautiful, I suppose you don’t get long here though, running the company?”
“No, not nearly as much as I wish I could and not as much as I did before my father’s death, five years ago. I have had to shoulder all the responsibility within the company, but this was my fathers and my first hotel together. I like to keep it looking good at all times, the other hotel we own on the island, the Hotel Santos, was my grandfathers and fathers first hotel. That too has just had a two year overall and is now as nice as this. It’s a twin and on the opposite side of the island, even down to the bay. They have just had a brand new spa installed, there is a natural volcanic pool up there; you should give it a try before you go.” His face lights up when he speaks of the hotels, they are like his children.
He tops my glass up again and we chat, about nothing in particular, the running of the hotel, the things I should see and what I did for a living, I don’t think he believes I write screen plays and novels, he was very uneasy when I said I was a writer? Then we chat about where I came from, it was just basic chit chat stuff.
“Well, it’s been nice talking to you Alex, but this wine has gone straight to my head and I need to get some sleep. Please send me a bill for your clothes. Again, I am so sorry for probably ruining a perfectly nice shirt and pair of trousers.” I looked down and the realisation for the tiredness set in, we had drunk three bottles of wine, how?
“That’s fine Chloe; the ladies in the laundry have in the past got the stains from the shirts for me, that isn’t the first time I have been covered in wine, usually though I am not helped to get the wine from my person, quite as nicely as you managed tonight.” Oh I remember; his dick is huge. I giggle, shush, don’t say that aloud for Christ sake. “Normally, it’s a result of being thrown in my face.” I laugh as he offers to walk me to my room, just as I stumble into his arms as I pass him.
“Err, they waste good wine? Why throw it in your face, are you a Lothario? My mum warned me about men like you, and you’re really good looking. Alex, were they mad, or were you bad? Oops too much wine, my brains not stopping my mouth and tongue from speaking, sorry Alex, what with having very little sleep too. I’m so sorry, clumsy Chloe strikes again, this time with my mouth.”
He smiles down at me, holds me up and walks me to my room. In the lift, I lean against him and as I do, I yawn as he carried me from the lift. Taking out a master key, he lays me on the bed. In my drunken haze, I ogle the man, as he tends to my needs. Umm, wowsers his arse, that tight arse is kind of sexy, heck, everything about him is sexy and why did I get so sozzled? He closes the doors and the windows fill with the cool magic blind, with the flick of a switch. The curtains are drawn, and he pulls the covers over me and I pass out…

~*A*~

I put Chloe to bed, she looks so sweet as she sleeps. She caught my attention at the airport, stepping back into me with her stupidly sharp heel stabbing my foot. She seems to be very nervous, but she stirred something in me, when I helped her onto the bus. Watching her backside so closely was nice, but extremely embarrassing as she turned and saw me ogling it. Then the simple touch of her hand sent me off to see the driver, just so she couldn’t see my arousal. Then it happened again tonight, as she helped wipe the mess she caused. Her hand gently stroking my crotch made it throb, and I wanted her to take it out and play with it. I imagined her taking it in her hand and pleasuring me, finishing me off in her sweet mouth lapping the end with her tongue, as she did when she ate. If I weren’t such a gentleman I’d be in her bed and her now.
Alexander shame on you, you don’t know this girl and you’re treating her like the others. Why, she seems too sweet to be true? Does she know who I am? The number of ‘guests’ who arrive here to catch my attention is a pain, the guide-books need to be rewritten minus my name. Her knowledge of the wine shocked me too; the girls I usually date just pour it down their throats like it’s cheap house wine, she savoured it as it was meant to be drunk, tasting it, smelling it and cherishing every sip, the narrative about silk down legs made me harden just a little more, and I felt the need to kiss her lips as she spoke.
It was a shock as she spoke, at just how connected to her I feel, her description of the wine was a little like the feelings that Chloe brings out in me, with her own divine elegance. Did we really polish off three bottles? I feel a little drunk too, but with my added lustful feelings for a stranger, a delicious and sweet stranger, but not for much longer if I have my way. She said I was good looking and though drunk, she was definitely interested in me, as I am in her, what is she really doing here? Is she another journalist seeking out a story, or is she telling the truth and she is a writer of books and stories as she says she is?
I take a look in her closet, it is pretty, stylish, simple and very expensive, as are her shoes, all ten pairs. She likes nice things, so how can a mere writer stay here and for a month and wear five thousand pound dresses? I resist the urge to look in her drawers, though she’s flat out and drunk, she wouldn’t know if I sneaked a peak? No, I resist and instead I set the room thermometer, so she doesn’t roast and place a bottle of water and a pack of Depon by her bed, sighing like a lovesick puppy as I head out of the door. I go to my room, next door to hers, that was a very happy coincidence too. I make a quick phone call before I turn in for the night.
“Stella, please can you get me information on Miss Chloe Louise Denton, she is a guest here, there is just something about her, and I’m not sure about it or her?” I give her the information on her passport and booking form.
“Little Lexi, my nosey little godson, one day you’re going to stop running checks on girls that catch your eye, and just fall in love, not everyone is after Alexander the Great, and his mighty empire, one day Alexander those walls will come tumbling down too.” Only Stella would dare to speak to me like this, she has been in my life from day one and one who always tells me as it is. I will always her Little Lexi, the boy who sat on her knee and crayoned on her work, as she worked for my father, she is my second mother. My godmother and confidante. I sigh, she is right, but I feel so different about Chloe and I do not know why.
“Thank you, Stella as always you are both truthful and honest. Don’t hold your breath in trying to marry me off until I’m at least thirty. Can you get Andres to do the check and run it through to my email, I will check on it tomorrow and thank you Stella, now get back to your cats, and I will see you at the weekend. I will be in touch tomorrow, and Stella I know you’re right I do. Goodnight Stella.” 
I do love her; she may be my PA, but she is family first. My trust issues with love, she does understand and the many reasons why I am, as I am. I wonder what it is like to fall in love, and will I ever have time for it, get it or know it when I have found the one? Lust and sex, yes, I’ve time for those and I’ve had nothing serious in that way either for a while. I have found that the girls who do come on to me, are in the main just interested in bagging themselves a man with money. I make a quick call to room service and order her breakfast for nine o’clock, a simple breakfast of scrambled eggs, toast, fresh fruit, breads and jams.
“Make sure there is plenty of chilled orange juice please Nik. No, none for me thanks, I have a meeting at the Santos. In addition, a dozen long stemmed red roses, what do I want on the card? ‘To an English Rose a dozen roses from a wet Greek Demigod.’ No, it’s a private joke. I do not consider myself a Demigod at all.” Someone else who tells me as it is, my father’s oldest friend and my godfather Nikolai Caras. He only works for me as a favour; I trust nobody to care for this place other than a handful of people.
I’d had a busy day, preparing for the twin’s party for their upcoming sweet sixteenth birthday, my little girls are near adults. I chat with them on Skype for a while, they are excited about coming here for the summer. I am picking them up along with Mitéra, my mother Lilli. Also coming is my pain of a sister, Sophia, they will travel back with me when I return from Geneva next week, along with my family, there will be twelve of the twins screaming friends, I’m very grateful that they are being flown home the day after. A whole week with all those girls is a no, no definite no. Besides, I want to spend time with Alanis and Alexia; it the only week I take off in the year, religiously. It is our one week of holiday fun for the three of us. I get in the shower and then bed.
Waking refreshed and in a surprisingly good mood, I’m thinking I have Miss Denton to thank for putting me in this state of mind? She was good company and for a change, she was the one doing the hiding of things in her answers, but as we had only just met, I can understand that too. I though didn’t hide a thing, usually I pretend to be a worker here. After jumping in the shower, I wonder has her report has come through. Towel on, and I load the computer in my office. Yes, it has. Good old Anders. I read and as I read, I am shocked.
Name: Chloe Louise Denton. Named changed officially on June 14th, 2011, from Chloe Louise Koslov Green; her name after marriage to Thomas Adders: Real name, of Simon Green actor; married July 29th, 2008 divorced May 2nd, 2011: Chloe Louise Koslov her given name at birth in Moscow: May 18th, 1989: To Parents Rachel Marie Denton, Languages teacher. Died May 18th, 2008, and Grigory Ilia Koslov, a world-renowned professor of Russian history. Deceased May 18th, 2008, both her parents killed when returning from her university, by a lorry driver who caused their death by reckless driving, enclosed news clippings. I read them. She was offered a substantial amount of money to settle out of court, which she refused. She wanted the driver brought to justice and for his employer to be prosecuted, he had made the driver do the run after being on the road for eighteen hours previously, she was successful and then awarded two and a half million sterling. This bankrupted the company; she was given a payment of one and a half million from the forced sale of the same company. Strong willed I like it very much; she wanted the truth and for that, I applaud her.
Education, 9 A* GCSE, different subjects Higher Education: 8A*, A levels various subjects all taken in one year. University place was awarded early. She has a partial BA English undergraduate. Due to her parents’ death, she dropped out. Financials, not yet obtainable, her divorce settlement is rumoured to be in the area of fifteen million, sterling not dollars.
She has three properties in her name: two in London and a villa in Jamaica. The valuation reports are as yet not available to us. She is currently a screenplay writer assigned to Sam W Foxx. She is fluent in Russian and French, both spoken and written. She holds several Scuba diving awards. Deep diver, wreck diver, cavern diver, ice diver, and search and rescue diver, underwater archaeology diver. She has completed all programs connected with leading her to receive her Master Scuba Diver: Both with P.A.D.I. and B.S.A.C. Google have a multitude of images and stories. She has not seen in public since her arrival back in England, from her home in America, some seven weeks ago.
I read it all and take it all in; her parents died on her birthday. Her divorce, she is financially sound, she speaks three languages, she is a professional scuba diving too. She holds dual citizenship Russian and English and because of her marriage an American passport? She has changed her appearance; her name and is in hiding, she is doing as she said she was and she’s here to work. I wonder about you Chloe Denton, are you the one to change me?
I need to get to the Santos. I need to see the new spa, and then run the road to the airport with Stellios and George, the road needs repairing. I was a little too distracted yesterday to notice, apart from the bump that lead her to my arms. I head out and spend the day being the boss, I even have to load luggage and be romanced by teenage hotel guests. I shake my head and politely tell them no. Then I go and dig the roads, its far easier than handling girls. All my tasks are at last completed. My back aches and my hands know they worked hard, today this heat is a killer to work in. The hotel is looking great at last, and the guests are happy. I return to hear the sweetest of voices, but as I go in search of it, it suddenly stops. My staff let me know she has been singing like an angel for about half an hour.
I’m going swimming and having a relaxing day today. I have too my back is killing me. I’m going to drink eat and chill as the girls say all the time, I need to chill and relax or is it chillax? I can’t keep up with their need to sneak in these silly new words, I tell them all the time to use the correct terminology in simple English, Greek or Russian, nor is text speak correct grammar. I’m told I’m getting old, only they would get away with it my two feisty little angels. They are right, I do need to chillax though.
I will be away for five days and those days are going to be stress filled, tense negotiations. It is the final contract run through and signings begin in just two days in Geneva. These are very important negotiations; we need to sign on the dotted line this week. The meetings are for the casinos and hotels we wish to build in China. These negotiations were started by my father before his death, and now some seven years have passed and we’re nearly there. I have worked hard and invested millions in the three new hotels already. I want to finish what he started.
I need more time here too; Chloe has me hooked and I don’t know why? My phone rings and I take the call, problems at the Italian hotel and Stella has to get approval for use of the jet to get a VIP back home in a hurry. I approve, as his wife has gone into sudden labour, his airline won’t let him change his flight and he doesn’t have the funds for another. I laugh, so why did he leave his pregnant wife alone and so close to her delivery date? Stella knows the way I think, as she answers.
“His brother is getting married in the Alanis Hotel, and they wouldn’t allow her to fly and he was best man. Their child was not even planned when the wedding was arranged, and she is two weeks early too.”
“Argh, find out all you can, have flowers delivered Stella and offer them a holiday when their baby is old enough to travel. Children are such a blessing.”
“And here’s me thinking the Demigod hasn’t got a heart?”
“Is there nothing you and Uncle Nik do not discuss about me and my private life? How is your romance coming on, has he asked you to marry him yet?” I hear her sigh.
“He hasn’t as yet Lexi, and when and if he does, I’m sure you will be the first to know, since when did you two have any secrets? My godson needs to sort his own love life out.”
“I will eventually, but Silvia can you do me a really big favour and send me the requests for the hotels that are to be used in that film the Americans want to use? I know for a fact he has a ring...” I laugh. He’s had the ring for five years. He just isn’t ready to settle down, he’s sixty, not ready and she worries about me?
“I will and Lexi, please enjoy the two days you have there, because the week ahead is going to be fraught. I will meet you at the airport and I’m sending the files now and Lexi, good luck! Let your heart lead you this time baby boy.” I sigh and say goodbye, my darling Sylvia, so straight and honest...


Chapter 4:


The knocking at the door wakes me, someone is in the sitting room and I note with some embarrassment, I’ve slept in my clothes, though I’d managed to take my shoes off, no I didn’t someone else did. Oh heck, I have a flash back of being put to bed, oh phooey, what the heck did I do? Alex carried me to bed, please tell me he didn’t. We did not, or did we? My head peers under the sheets and I slowly open my eyes one at a time, oh thank God my clothes are intact. I dash in the bathroom, where I take a quick glance at myself in the mirror I’ll do. I hope. Then I open the bedroom door, good it is not Alex. I feel weird that he put me to bed. I walk into a sumptuous breakfast, I wasn’t that drunk I ordered room service, or did I? I wanted to join the masses in the buffet breakfast as I have been in my rooms for weeks.
“Thank you, this is all really nice, but I didn’t order it?” The waiter smiles, as I sort of look a little dorkey. Okay, what does he know that I don’t?
“It was ordered for you, with the compliments of Mr Kaminis, is there anything else I can get you?” Yes, my memory back, please.
“No, thank you this looks so nice, again thank you, and have a nice day.” I sit down and uncover the food, it smells divine.
I’m famished, and I eat, the sea air must be doing me good. The beautiful sweet smelling red roses are a nice surprise and the note attached is sweet and has me smiling like a school girl. My headaches and stops me eating the rest of the wonderful food. I look through to the bedroom and see the headache pills. I head in and take two. Thank you, you forward thinking Demigod, these are really needed.
I must look a mess. I didn’t take my makeup off and I smell of stale wine. How much did I drink? Heck, I need to get myself sorted out. I take the nicest of showers and wash my sins away. What sins too, letting a strange man put me to bed was a sin, but what a man to sin with? I am suddenly feeling clean, refreshed and ready for more food. I decide to finish the breakfast, well the juice and the rolls, the scrambled eggs had already hit the spot, the fresh fruit was so nice too.
I turn off the air-con and open the windows. I do not remember shutting the curtains, I vaguely seem to remember a backside belonged to Alex and ogling it before I passed into the land of nod. He must think I’m a lush, oh the embarrassment. The roses, I put on the side with the lilies, which were in the room when I arrived. The smell is both sweet and strong.
I have to start on the screenplay now. I start the laptop and check my email account. I have many emails from Polly, Gerri, Jordon and Sam, the boss. I answer them all. Sam’s is to confirm the film is going ahead and that the job of writing the screenplay is being offered to me, subject to the quality of the first draft. I have no clue where to start, so I set up on the terrace as the sunshine’s to the side of me. I load the programme and start and it’s not as hard as I thought, as I have read the book so many times. My headphones are in and the playlist on my iPhone reverberates in my achy head. I sing along as I work, and the words are flying onto the page as fast as I can type, they form scene after scene.
I wish I had some point of reference other than the book, putting in a little of that would help, I think? But alas, I cannot write about something I have never done. It would be like me describing how I first walked on the moon. I’ve seen it, but never done it, so it would be a lie and wishful thinking. I have floated in space though, Jordon and I were allowed to go in a plane thing and experience weightlessness on one of Simon’s films, some astro-naughty thing he did and is still in production, it was well cool, but I’ve never actually landed on the moon, metaphorically or otherwise, unfortunately for me.
Every page of the book has to be broken down and rewritten to give two minutes of screen time, the sex scenes well those are the directors problems. Ha, one that thankfully I don’t have to write in detail. I just have to write she has the best mind blowing orgasmic crash, their spoken words in these scenes for some reason are one sided in the main, because Daniel is calling the shots and Abby takes the punishments and gets the orgasms in silence. I embellished from the book to pad out the scene making sure the scenes, that are the juiciest, are tastefully written, yet they are instantly recognisable from the book. Her silent thoughts are done in the form of voice over’s, another script is to be done for those.
The actress chosen to play the lead role will have to put her all into bringing it to fruition, her and the director that is, I do wonder if it will be what they class as soft porn? There’s nudity, plenty of sex and it reads like a sex instruction manual as I write. I don’t hear them take the breakfast things, make my bed or clean the room. I’m oblivious to the goings on as Enya sings to me, her voice soothes my soul. I sing along to my favourite track, wild child. Then my mum’s song came on and I sang along, the French song Tu Est Partout, 'You Are Everywhere,' by Edith Piaf. I finished the song and I finish in the middle of the scene. I save it, password protect it and close down my laptop. I’ve worked well, and I am going to reward myself with a swim.
I change for that swim and I rather daringly go for the skimpy red polka dot bikini I bought. I also wrap around the red lace sarong. I take my iPad for some light reading of more chapters. Plugging the headphones into my iPod, I thank God for Apple, because I’d be lost without my gadgetry. I head to the roof terrace. The views are to die for, and the gentle breezes are much needed because the afternoon sun is blazing hot. Putting my things down, I decide to swim in the cool refreshing water. My body is soaking in the sunshine, whilst my eyes are admiring those breathe taking views. Could things get any better? Maybe, if a certain Demigod were here modelling his hidden assets in a tiny pair of swim trunks?
I look around and there’s no sign of Alex, well I can dream. I am ready for a drink and an afternoon nap in the sunshine, so getting out of the pool, very gracefully I might add unlike my usual cack-handed-self. I head back to my lounger, where I reconnect to the music, just as ‘So I Could Find My Way’ starts to play. I last sang this at Mum and Dad’s funeral; it embodied everything they did for me and everything I loved about them. I forget that I am on the rooftop and sing. The words are bringing me to tears as the haunting melody wraps around me and the words fall from my mouth. I am oblivious as I sing. I’m carried along with the harmonies in Enya’s captivating voice. The song finishes, and I hear clapping?
“Bravo, I had to see where the singing was coming from? Has anyone told you, you could sing professionally Chloe?” Wiping away the tears, I burn red.
“I’m so sorry I didn’t realise anyone was listening to me. I get lost when I sing that particular song. Thank you for the breakfast and the flowers they were beautiful, and the breakfast too was delicious.”
“How’s your head this morning? Did you take the Depon that I left for you?”
“I did thank you. I don’t usually suffer from hangovers it has to be said. I can normally out drink an Irish navvy. What did you put in the wine Alexander?”
“I think the headache is because of the amount we drank, not the strength, but it was a very nice night and it ended unusually for me too.”
“Thank you for putting me to bed too, that was well above and beyond the personal service I expected. Do you do go the extra mile for your guests, do you do that for everyone?” I hope he doesn’t.
“You are welcome, and no I was a little shocked at your tiredness, maybe you were drunker because of it, but I couldn’t leave you stranded, my Mitéra raised me better than that. Now, would you join me for a drink at the bar?” I take off my iPod and throw it on the lounger. “Please, join me and bring your iPod with you.” I look at him and wonder what he wants with it? I pick it up and follow him, after tying the sarong around me. Alex orders cocktails, then takes it from me and plugs it into the sound system they have. It sounds like Enya is giving an open-air concert, it’s fabulous.
“Do you like to sing? It’s just I heard you singing earlier when I came back from the Santos. That wasn’t an Enya song though?” I blush.
“No, it was an Edith Piaf song, favoured by my mother and I like to sing along to it. Why did you like it?”
“I was just wondering who you were singing it about, who was the lucky man, your boyfriend maybe.” I have a fit of giggles.
“No, I have no boy, man or any male friend I would sing that too. I sing it because Mum used to sing it to Dad. Unfortunately, I have been hit by the anti-love bug. I gave up on finding it and now I’m way too old.” I laugh as he takes me seriously.
“Why are you so cynical for someone so young, you’re just what, twenty-three?”
“I am yes. Did you sneak a peek at my booking form? You’re misusing your authority Mr Kaminis, what are we to do with you?”
“You look about twenty-three, am I wrong?”
“No because I look about eighty-three, you charmer.”
“Me, I am charming, why thank you. You too are charming.” He said as those eyes burned into me like lasers. 
“Thanks for making me laugh, and yes I do love to sing, yes I did it with hopes of being the next Enya too. I sang in a band in university, where we sang cover versions of eighties pop groups. It was fun, whilst it lasted. Do you sing?” He laughs, as does the barman.
“If I lose a bet the staff here make that my forfeit, so no, I can’t sing and don’t unless I am very drunk. I sound like a mountain goat, and I have been told I could smash glass. I have not got a pretty sound at all, unlike you.” He orders something in Greek from the bar staff. “I have ordered us something to eat if that’s all right? I don’t like to drink on an empty stomach.”
“Thank you, that’s quite thoughtful, did you finish with the business at the Santos?”
“I did yes, there are improvements being made to the roads as we speak. That’s why I was on the bus, the coach and putting my luggage through the carousel. They were the four things I noticed from customer complaints, that the buses from the planes were dirty, the carousel scratched bags and the coaches were old and hot, then finally the pot-holes in the roads. We are fixing everything, the building teams are filling and resurfacing it as we speak! What a glamorous life I lead, the head of such a large company, filling in holes in bumpy roads.”
“I hardly think these hands have seen hard work Alexander, let me see them.” He shows me his hands and they are callused, and he has a blister too, ouch. “So, you do get your hands dirty for your guest's enjoyment, thank you for the improvements, but I suppose after you spoil them with the hotel. They have to find something else to moan about, we Brits are famous for it.”
“When you pay the price you do, to stop in paradise, it should be perfect. British or not, a complaint it a complaint and for your ears only, the majority of complaints were German in origin, sorry to disappoint you!”
“I’m glad the Germans had nothing better to complain about, because if they hadn’t you wouldn’t be here and I’m glad you’re here.”
“I am too, and to think I nearly had someone else do it.” He says as he stares. God, I love those eyes.
“How long are you stopping for?” A month, I say to myself.
“I’m here for two days, and then I am away for possibly a week. Hopefully less and then back for a week’s holiday with my girls.” He hands me a drink. “Cheers Chloe Denton, so what are you going to be up to whilst I am gone and not here for you to gain amusement from?” He raised his glass and smiled that model smile at me. Okay, it was a panty wetting smile, because my innards are melting and are heading straight out of my huhu!
“I thought I would go wreck diving, possibly the day after next. I would have gone tomorrow, but I’ve been drinking, then the traditional Greek barbeque thing you mentioned, and I will take some photos too? You’re not here for my amusement and you have been far more amused by me than I have been by you.” He laughs at me again.
“I would like to invite you to a party Chloe. My girls are sixteen on Saturday, and I promised them a Hollywood themed sweet sixteenth. I rue the day I let them have MTV in their bedrooms; it has become their only lifestyle guru. I find the help it provides is not what I would advise, but hell what do I know about the requirements of a sixteen-year old girl? Let alone two headstrong twins who are beautiful without the things they insist they need on their pretty faces. Despite me telling them they don’t need it and please don’t get me started on what passes for clothes.” He sighs as he talks about them, and I get a fuzzy feeling at his obvious love for his children, gheeze, how old is this Demigod?
“They have their friends coming from home in Athens, for a couple of days and all the family from here and our neighbours. It’s a star-studded night a black-tie affair, would you please be my date, or Mitéra, I’m sorry my mother, Lilli! Will be setting me up with her friend’s daughters again?” I am shocked, one, that he’s asked me out and two he has twin girls who are sixteen. I take a long drink as the food arrives and the waiters set a table up by the pool.
“How old are you to have teenage daughters? I thought you were just a couple of years older than me.” He splutters on his drink.
“I am twenty-seven and the girls, yes I treat them as though they are mine, but they are my beloved nieces, Alanis and Alexia. They are my life, but don’t tell them I said that, they are spoilt enough as it is. So, will you be my guest, if a date is too presumptuous of me, I won’t be disappointed if you do.”
“I will need a dress, as all my Hollywood style dresses are in transit and funnily enough from Hollywood. Can I get to the mainland from here?”
“Yes, but shop online and get it couriered here, and have them send me the bill, please I insist.” We sit and eat, yet another Mezze this time a cold one, consisting of meats, cheeses, salads, olives and dips with a basket of breads.
“I would love to come, but I can pay for my dress thanks Alex. I am fine for money, I have recently started a very well paid job and even without it I won’t ever need a man to pay my way thank you. I never have actually, and I am not starting with you, thanks.” He and I go for the same piece of bread, our hands touch and though it’s just for a moment, wow what a moment, there’s a powerful surge which goes to my heart. He smiles and allows me the bread, as I sit and stare into his eyes. He has bright blue eyes that match the sea. He stares back too, and we finally break the staring competition as Alex speaks, but my mind has glazed over with the sudden need to kiss him.
“Thank you for agreeing to come, I didn’t mean to offend you with the offer of a dress?” I snap out of my lust fest.
“You didn’t offend me Alex’s I promise you it takes a lot to offend me. I am virtually unable to be offended.” We sit and eat, and more drinks are brought to our table. The drinks are refreshing and strong, I need to pace myself. Oh hell, this is my old groups play list, much sang and practised, the iPod’s playlist now switches to eighties music. The food is wonderful, and we chat as the guests are starting to fill the loungers for their afternoon of sunbathing, ‘Walk like an Egyptian,’ comes on, and I can’t help but sing along.
“Sorry, it’s one of covers we did, but it was the dance, which was hilarious, very eighties and surprisingly a big hit at all the gigs and pubs we performed in.”
“What was your band called Chloe?”
“Heartbreak Queens, such a catchy name, don’t you think? When I joined them they already had the name, please don’t mock me. Besides I have never broken anyone’s heart.”
“I bet you have; you just don’t know you did. You have the prettiest smile Chloe, so you should smile more.” I give him a smile and continue to eat and drink. The day passes in a breeze, and I still have to upload the first rough draft to Sam’s people. I excused myself, telling him I have to work.
“Thank you for singing for me and keeping me company, but I have work to do also! I have to prep the paperwork for the Geneva trip the day after tomorrow, which I’m not looking forward to as the Chinese are difficult to negotiate with. They are very hard to please and this particular lot of delegates were horrendous last time. Let me walk you to your room and I hope you’ll join me for dinner in the piano lounge later. Please say you will Chloe?” I get my things together and the barman gives me back my iPod. Alex walks me to the lift and as we step in, I stumble on my sarong and into his arms again. This time he takes my chin in his hand as he catches me, he leans down and kisses me. Oh heck, what a kiss, his tongue gently parts my lips and searches out mine. I respond for two seconds and pull back.
“Wow, err Alex what was that for? I don’t do holiday flings and I’m sorry but...” He kissed me again, holding me close to him. I want to kiss him back he’s a proper man, and his kisses taste of the cocktails we have been drinking. He lets me go after the best kiss ever.
“Sometimes a kiss is just a kiss Chloe, a kiss for a very enjoyable day spent in excellent company. Will you have dinner with me later?” I nod yes stupidly as the lift starts again, when did we stop, why did we stop? He takes out a key and puts it back in his pocket.
“Yes, but that’s all, just dinner. Alex, I don’t do this...” My finger flits between us, pointing at him and then me. We are at my door, where he gives my cheeks the cheek kiss the Mediterranean folk seem to like doing and turns to leave.
“Perhaps you should just go with whatever happens, happens Chloe? I don’t expect you have ever just done something just because you can, something life changing? This may not be that, it could just be fun. You never know if you don’t try. I will pick you up at nine. Kalispera Chloe.”
I agree to dinner, I put my key in and disappeared in my room. He has either just said that he wants to take this further, or we should just have fun? Oh crap, why didn’t I date more in school, college or university instead of studying? I got married last time I did something because I could. Don’t kid yourself Alex I can do that, just not very well. I turn on the laptop and check the emails they need the draft as soon as possible.
I open the script and put the music on, so it floods my thoughts, instead of those of Alex running through my brain. Setting my laptop down in the afternoon sun, I type away. I have to redo their first sex scene, use my imagination. I imagine my first time with Alex. I begin to write, the music plays as my fingers tap at the keyboard and the scene unfolds, I hit a mental block and I reread the book for reference again…

He takes her to dinner, during which she has a little too much to drink, and stumbles into his arms as they rise to leave. He holds her warm body against his, they look each other in the eyes and he gives her a kiss. A deep passionate kiss, her first real kiss. She has had teenage fumbles, the drunken kisses at parties that weren’t up too much, but this is her first passionate kiss. The deep kiss, it makes her want more and to act out her fantasies.
They get the elevator to his room here at the hotel, she never imagined for one sorry minute this could happen to her, a man actually wanted her, and she needed him. He opens the door and as he does, she follows him in. The room is wondrous, large and modern. No words are spoken, as she suspects he doesn’t do small talk, after all he didn’t over dinner. They then walk through to his bedroom, so this is what he wants is it, she smiles sweetly. The drink has given her a courage she has never had before, and she acts out one of the scenes from a book she once read.
She takes off his jacket for him, and lets it slip from his shoulders onto the floor, then she begins to unbutton the shirt and as each button is opened, her other hand follows, running her fingers through the hair on his chest. Daniel fists her hair hard, pulling her blonde hair back allowing him easy access to her mouth he kisses her hard and rough. Taken aback she responds by pushing him on the bed and falls on top of him, she is being the dominant one, and he doesn’t like it. He feverishly grabs at her blouse, ripping it off her and abandoning it. His hands move to her skirt and in a flash that too is unzipped, he rolls her over on his bed and strips it from her legs, she is now on his bed in just her bra and panties.
He kisses her trim waist, nipping at it with his kisses. She moves, so he takes off his belt and ties her hands. He has to call the shots and he has to lead the dance. He watches as she wriggles, because she’s worried at the sudden imprisonment of her hands. Yet she is excited, and she is nervous as she allows him access to her body. Unable to stop him anyway as her hands are tied, this isn’t what she expected. This wasn’t what she took come up to my room to mean. She expected passion kisses and amazing sex with a guy who had picked her up in the bar. This was all too much, but part of her wanted it, needed it and wasn’t going to stop it, because this was what she wanted. Him the good looking man, who had asked her to come to his room, she hadn’t had to watch as he went to a prettier girl, the stud chose her.
He wanted to take her in a way that she’d fantasised about, in all her dreams that place where she’d always imagined making love to a complete stranger, in a plush bed after been treated to dinner and drank the best champagne, and she had. She had romanticized about making love all night and then leaving him sleeping and walking away. She finally decides to submit to him and try the things he was offering, she didn’t have to see him or do it again, this was a fantasy not reality and there was absolutely no love here, just lust and want, and that was fine…
“I will not hurt you, but you will be driven to the edge, you will beg me to stop and not mean it, the pleasure will be deliciously painful, your orgasm will rip you in two, you will beg me to stop, and not mean it. You will do as I say when I say it, is that understood?” She nods. “What I didn’t hear you?” Abby is stunned. He’s supposed to be making love to her, taking her not talking down to her, but her needs are now too much to bear, so she agrees.
“Sir, yes...”
“Good, now relax and keep still or your legs will be restrained too. We will take it easy for the first time as I need to see what your reactions to me are, we may not be compatible.” Abby’s heartbreaks into a million pieces, compatible, reactions, restrained, what had she got herself into?
He moves to the bedside table and removes a condom and a silk scarf. The condom he places on the bed, he ties the scarf around her eyes gently, then moves her to the top of the bed and hooks her arms above her to the intricate iron work on the bed headboard, she pulls on her restraints, she is tethered, she can only move, though she cannot escape! What is she doing here? She hears his zip come down and her senses are on overload as she listens for clues as to what he is planning, everything about this feels wrong, but why is it she wants it to continue?
As she hears the soft sound of them being pulled down, she lets out a long sexy groan, and as the bed dips, she sighs and as he climbs between her legs. The hot moisture between them builds, it escapes from her body as she’s imagining what he’s doing to her, and what he’s looking at. As he slips down her panties, he lets out a long deep sigh. She knows he likes what he sees and pleasing him is now all she can think of is her private place, it throbs for him as he watches her. Not touching her she comes, and she has yet to be touched.
“Nice, so very nice Mon amour, you’re so very beautiful, you’re very responsive. your pussy is so in need of this, its teasing me to play with her.” He blows along her sex as she lets out a long pleasing moan of pleasure.
Her body moves on its own; she can’t help it she hasn’t ever done this before and finds herself aroused as her body responds to his touch. He slaps her buttock on the side and tells her to be still. She does so, because the slap shocked her, it didn’t hurt but it took her breath away and just for a moment. His kisses then start invading her, then suddenly she feels something she has never felt before. His tongue, and it is now beginning to search out her sex, he traces her lush pink folds and feels the throb on his tongue. Could this woman respond to him with any more need? To Abby, it is wildly sexual, highly erotic, and as she screams her pleasure, his tongue works the soft hot folds of her private parts, lapping at her clit over and over, she feels a strange happening, will he be displeased?
Abby gasps as she comes hard for the first time at a man’s touch, she feels strange, a wonderful rush of things scoot through her mind and the feelings make her shake and mumble her appreciation, in what she thinks is in a silent scream. In fact, its loud deep and sexy, her pleasure alone has sent his cock stiff, it’s now rock hard and it too is throbbing. As her climax continues, he wants to please her more, to continue the onslaught of her orgasm, to feel her muscles spasm as his tongue probes that place over and over. She comes again, just at the touch if his tongue over that same spot, he’s found her tender spot. She’s now shaking and crying for him. He is relentless.
He likes it and sighs, his fingers take his tongues place, she feels him inside her, as they explore. He goes deeper, and she screams as the pleasure builds again, he looks at her and her arousal has him stiff and he needs to be in her. He can’t resist any longer. The foreplay usually lasts for hours. As he torments his dates with the withholding of his cock, making them wait for it! Then when he allows them to speak, they cry out for their master to allow their release, but she is different, he hasn’t punished her for moving or crying out either.
He finds her pleasure the most arousing thing he has ever seen. Her pussy is wet from a simple touch and her groans and cries as her orgasms came were pleasing to hear too. Since his cock first twitched, when she fell into him in the foyer of his building just a few hours before, his dick has been straining for release. Not usually one for masturbating, he usually has great control over his needs, that is not the case with her. He has done so twice already, now he needs and wants to be in her. Tasting her arousal on his fingers he groans. She hears the rip of the foil and tensed for a second. That time has come, and she couldn’t see it, see him, kiss him, nor hold him. He rolled it down his own length; smiling as he could see her coming again, the soft lips he has just feasted upon and played with, were warm and wet and inviting, he is all too ready to invade her.
“If anything, hurts you shout the word light, and I will slow down, shout the word dark and everything stops, are we clear? Abby are we clear?”
“Yes, dark and light, yes I understand, Sir.” She doesn’t know if this is for her, but she wants to experience it. He leans into her laying on her; he enters her in a sharp, forceful movement. She cries out as the pain literally rips through her body. She is whimpering as he pounds into her. No touches, no kisses, he’s like a machine, the way in which he tore through her virginity was painful, and horrendous, she hates how this feels and as she whimpers beneath him, he moves within her, his length is impressive.
Daniel is enjoying his dick sliding in and out of her, she’s so tight and as she grips him, he feels a deep needing for this to continue its pleasant and feels so different. For Abby, it gets easier. Still painful, but as he holds her hips close, she relaxes. She comes again, this time nothing like the first two times. This one moves her to the darkness and as she tightens on his cock. He finds this the most pleasurable feeling he has ever felt. Her whole pussy closes in on his cock trapping it inside her, squeezing it and pleasing him like no other, damn he’s there already, what has she done to him? He can last for hours usually, but this girl has worked him like no other, he has felt pleasure like no other time or with any other woman.
This is tighter than anything he has ever fucked before, and there have been a lot of women who have lain beneath him as she is doing now, but none have unhinged him like her, his cock is thinking for him, it is buried deep inside her when she screams and the tight hold she has on him is released, and it arouses him to a final thundering of his hips into her the tightness contributing to the early finish, but with a deep long growl, he finally comes. 
Shaking into her until he is empty, he looks down at her for the first time, having had his eyes closed, enjoying this whole new experience she has given him. More pleasure than he has felt before, maybe too much, he wants more already… Finally, he realises she is in distress.
“Abby use the words damn it; they are there for you not me.” He pulls her blindfold off and he then sees her tears. “Why did you not use the words light or shout dark? Abby, I need to be able to trust you to do what’s good for both of us. I don’t want to hurt you; this is what my world is like.” He releases her hands from their imprisonment and sighs as she rubs her wrists and runs for the bathroom, hurriedly taking her clothes with her. It’s just then that he notices the blooded condom, and then he looks to the sheets. Oh crap, what has he done? What did she allow him to do? He slumps in a chair head in hands; he has taken her virginity in the worst possible way, no wonder it felt different she was too tight for a reason. No other had been there before him…
She is an age in the bathroom, so he goes to see if she is alright. Of course, she isn’t Daniel, he says to himself as he opens the door. She has gone and on the mirror in lipstick, just two words ‘TOO DARK’, she has left him. He wants more a whole lot more and he will have her, whatever the cost, she was the one. She was different, the feelings were different, and Daniel liked the different in this. He needed her, and he needed her soon, because he needed to be in her again. He wanted the amazing feelings back, but this time for longer and he wanted her to enjoy the pleasure he knew they would both get from their liaison, for her he would pay the highest price, that price?
Marriage, and tied to him in more ways than his dates general way, with the ropes and the cuffs. She would not be signing the contracts his usual conquests signed. The feelings he felt with her and within her were like nothing he had ever felt before. They were life changing happenings for Daniel, and he knew then he needed her to help him change. Would he get his Abby? Would she come back to his bed and allow him to do the things he needed, and to be with him and fix him? Would she agree to all that and to marry him? Yes, he would get her, if it were the last thing he did, because she was the one, whether she realised it or not, she was the saviour and the light, sent to save his too dark soul...


Chapter 5:


Oh yes that’s better. I tweak a little more and after I have read it, I send a copy to Gerri, Sam, and Polly. She will let me know if it’s suitable or not. I close the programme down after password protecting it, -ADONIS-. I laugh as I type the password. I go on-line and I shop at Harrods, after receiving an email they can courier all my items as soon as I place an order. Three evening gowns are ordered. one by Jovani, it is a whimsical floaty dress and with the layers of lilac silk, the dress has a boned bodice, with beautiful crystal beadwork on it and it is very pretty too. Floaty and nice, the tailoring of the bodice makes it a winner in my quest for the dress, bag, shoes and jewellery is ordered too.
Alexander McQueen next, the white chiffon dress is similar to the other but wow, does it look a little too like a wedding dress? Its simplicity is stunning though, choosing the gold accessories and shoes, it is ordered too. The last one is a Ports dress, black pure silk and has a fabulous lace netted top, the skirt is fish-tailed, and a bow falls down the full length of the back, compared to the other two it’s a little more refined. The dress looks so stylish and I know Jordon would say get it, girl buy it, it’s a pure sex dress. So I do, and I order all the recommended accessories for that too.
I treat myself to a whole load of new and sexy underwear, with stockings and suspenders. My killer legs in silk stockings for my Greek Demigod wow. I’m getting hot, wet and bothered thinking of him. I order another couple of sexy swimsuits and new sleepwear, it’s best to be prepared. I wonder if they will be right for the seduction of Alex, hell I don’t even think he needs any seduction? I send the extremely expensive order through and get a conformation e-mail, that my things will be couriered to me by close of business. The things I brought with me are expensive and nice, but the new clothes are damned expensive.
I’m having myself an hour-long soak in the tub, and it is bliss. What is Alex’s plan and am I his type, does he in fact have a type? I should see what his usual type is, and I need to order the girls a gift too. With my hair wrapped in a towel and wrapped in my fluffy robe I hit the terrace with my laptop on my lap and I surf the web, umm I wish I hadn’t now, because he tends to be with models. Well he is God’s gift and they look pretty, every single one of them, there are quite a few too, one is in a few shots with him many times?
She’s a French underwear model, shit she’s a Victoria secrets and Sports Illustrated model, Chloe dream on girl. You are not a contender in the winning of Alexander Kaminis, he’s way outta your league girl, you’re nothing like her, nothing at all. Alicia Bache is blonde and pretty, so he likes blondes? No strike that, leggy blondes and with boobage. Enough of the self tormenting I say to myself, I’m not in any of their leagues even if they had had a bad day and I had spent a week in a beauty salon. My dreams are now dashed, because now I know that kiss was in fact, just his thank you kiss for a nice day. Oh well, I will enjoy the company while it lasts.
Now for the girls, the fun part, but what do I get for two fun loving girls, girls who mean the world to him? I think about it and Google the must-have-things for sixteen-year olds. I don’t know what to buy the twins and as there aren’t any photos of them, I’m not sure what they look like or like to do. Well there are a few photos, but they are always dwarfed. They had two bodyguards with them in all their photos, ones that shield them in every photo. I decide on Tiffany & Co, again they can courier out to the island for me, and they will enclose handmade birthday cards and the required wrapping paper for me, they go above and beyond helpful.
I chose two charm bracelets, in silver, mixing the charms on them both. They have a Return to Tiffany tag, a must-have according to the site I Googled. Hearts with their initial in diamonds, teddy bears, silver crowns, the return to Tiffany letters, ice cream cones, a phone, a shoe, a kitten, a flip flop, two jewelled eggs, a cupcake, a locket, a blue Tiffany bus, a lipstick, a cute watch, shoes, flowers, lady bugs, cars, lollypops, and finally a plane, as they seem to spend a lot of time being flown everywhere. I seem to have been a little basket button happy, when I finished, they have cost a fortune, but hell I can afford it. I would have loved something this cool at sixteen. I had a dive off a wreck in Barbados for my sixteenth, with mum and dad, which was my sort of cool. I hit send and get confirmation of the order.
Now time to dress to impress, it’s a good job I bought several casual evening dresses with me, but I’d bought that beautiful little black Dior dress, simple stunning and very très chic and teamed with a killer pair of Christian Louboutin heels, I’d look presentable for my night out with Alex. He must feel sorry for me and is just taking pity on me. I smile as I change the shoes to my Jimmy’s and then back to my Christian’s, I try on my Alexander’s oh and then my favourite Manolo’s. Men, I find can and do make such pretty heels. I was just finishing, when I get a phone call. I had to sign for a package at the main desk, great. It must be my divorce papers, because even Harrods can’t deliver that quickly.
I go and sign for them. Nik, the manager smiles as I sign. I take them back to my room and read them. He has given me everything I wanted and much, much more, he has given me way more than half his financial assets, along with the agreed beach house in Jamaica and the London penthouse flat, I also get the New York loft apartment too. Why I didn’t ask for all of this? The money is much more than I expected too, I look and read on. I have signed a confidentiality agreement not to discuss matters other than the statement, which I released. 
He is still desperate for the role of Daniel, not a chance. The part I am writing would kill him, besides I am thinking more Alex than Simon. I am now a free woman, free and in lust with a Greek Demigod. I put them in the safe and take my bag. I take a look in the mirror, not quite a Victoria’s secret model, maybe a pretty Marks and Spencer’s one? The diamonds are real, and they sparkle against the black of the dress. I’m an elegant little mouse, tottering in my Christian’s. I finish my hair, it’s easier to do now there’s not so much of it.
Laughing at my reflection, I answer the knock on the door. He’s here and looking drop dead fit and I’m back to being, a gawky kid again, because I have not used that word since I was in junior school and I had a crush on John Russell. He does look good though, in his black trousers and a simple white silk shirt, with his just showered hair and slicked back casual look. It works well against his sculptured jaw and those blue eyes staring into mine. He clasps my chin and kisses my mouth, sure I want to resist but can’t, so I kiss him back. I feel his tongue caressing mine and I hold on to him tightly around the waist. Wow, now that was one nice hello.
“Kalispera, you look pretty Chloe, so very, very pretty.” Oh, so pretty… I feel a West Side Story song coming on, I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright… Pretty damn disheartened is what I really felt, just pretty? He takes hold of me around my waist with his strong arm holding me tightly against him. He leads me to the lift, and we head to the basement piano lounge. I’ll take pretty, I guess. The windows are to the front sides in the basement and lead on to two different patio areas, separated by an impressive marbled walkway to the beach.
One side is very traditional and is in the style of an authentic Greek taverna, it comes complete with a band of Greek musicians playing their traditional instruments and they are busy playing Greek folk songs in there. To the rear of the basement, is a nightclub, which he tells me is the place to be, and one I have to see? I’m not that into disco’s, it has to be said. I like to listen and appreciate real music, take me to any club with a good live band and I’m happy. The other side of the marbled walkway is more of a Manhattan Loft kind of look. The sounds don’t seem to clash either.
The marbled vacuum between the different areas down here works in keeping the rooms relaxed and individual, I’d hate to think of the sounds clashing and to have to fight each other to be heard. The Manhattan Room, how did I guess the name? It comes complete with a grand piano by the far door. A member of staff approaches Alex. Apparently, Dion the pianist is running late because his ferry is stuck on the mainland, the member of staff panics and Alex smiles.
“We have a very full house tonight Sir and the travel advisors are in too! This couldn’t have happened at a worse time. I’m so sorry this couldn’t be helped. The ferry is running late due to engine failure and he was at his aunt’s funeral on the mainland.” Alex doesn’t panic he says to put the pre-taped music through the system. I do the stupidest thing ever and offer to play for him, just until the pianist gets here?
“You play? I thought you just sang?” I smiled at him. Now why would he know that about me? 
“I am very good, I had lessons and could have studied classical piano, but I loved the literature in the books. I always had my nose in as a child. That’s why the group had me join, because I play keyboards and can sing, not because I’m a stunning blonde. Yes Alex, my hair is blonde, and it is just dyed brown, so people take me seriously and not just see me as a dumb blonde bimbo. If I don’t cut the mustard, put the music on and I won’t be offended. Take a seat at the bar and be my groupie Alex. What’s the playlist is it classical or is it Barry Manilow, blah-blah and boring stuff?” He laughed.
“The list is up to you look around and judge the age and play for them. The usual guy plays the pre-set playlist. I think he doesn’t approve either of our very blah-blah playlist. So Aello, play what you like and surprise me?” I look around at the audience and it is made up of mainly older people, a mixture of in love, older couples and a group of elderly women.
“Oh good, no smack my bitch up then?” We both laughed as he takes my purse to the bar and I sat down. The mic was on and the piano had sheet music in the seat. I take a selection out, as I looked around the room for song inspiration, average age forty to sixty, so a mix from the sixties. I can do the sultry voice. “Good evening and welcome to the Piano Lounge at the beautiful Hotel Vasilis, I’m Chloe and if you have a request, the papers you have on the table are for just that thing, write it down and I’ll attempt to play it for you, thank you.”
I started with, ‘A world without love.’ My fingers knew the words to this after all it was one of Polly’s break up tunes, and it was played a lot, she loved daddy’s old vinyl collection of albums. Closely followed by, I can’t give you anything but love baby, then, love grows where my Rosemary goes, and why do fools fall in love. My songs seem to be getting mushy. The people are tapping along and singing. Couples dance, it’s so sweet watching oldies croon and dance. Miss Dusty next, you don’t have to say you love me.
I hadn’t had any requests, but people were listening and seemed to be enjoying it, a drink was sent over from Alex, I drank a little and placed it on the piano, now that’s and thought, something for him? Sung like Miss Patsy, this all time Karaoke favourite. He smiled across at me made a phone call and watched as I sang it to him. Crazy, I may be a little too, over him. The room clapped, and Alex is grinning, time to loosen the mood. Daddy’s cheer me up tune. Alex put one finger up and showed me his phone, smiled and disappeared.
“Ladies and Gentlemen feel free to dance to these next ones. Then I’m taking a short break. Next for you there’s a gonna have to be a whole lot of shaking going on, and then there will be that’ll be the day that I die, then I’m finishing with a good old, shake rattle, and roll.” I had a blast, really, I did. I’m not afraid to belt out the tunes when I had too. When I sing, I’m a very different Chloe. I can belt out a rock and roll tune, sing in French or croon to Enya. The song starts, and the floor is filling, and lucky for me the entertainer is here, I play one last one whilst he gets ready, noting the songs on the piano, he smiles and sorts the next lot out. He whispers his thanks.
“Much better than the stuff they have me playing, lift music I call it. Hello I’m Dion, resident pianist.” He thanks for saving his ass. “Having the boss’s girlfriend cover my backside is great, lucky for me he’s in a good mood because you were here to cover me.” I smile he just called me Alex’s girlfriend. I don’t want to dash my illusion, so I don’t correct him. I liked the sound of it though and what a glorious illusion.
“My last one for tonight is ‘that will be the day’, then I’ll be leaving you in lovely Dion’s capable hands, thank you, and I’m Chloe, and for one night only.” Off mic, I tell Dion what Alex told me, “Oh and do the songs you think the audience will like. Alex agrees with you the elevator music is out.” I sing the last one in a duet with Dion, so much fun. I slip off the seat and into a guest’s hand, as Dion plays ‘rave on’ as I dance with the persistent guest, as it would have been rude not too. As the song finished, I am breathless and heading towards the bar, a woman slips me her card as I pass. She is a talent scout here on vacation, she apparently, does a lot on cruises. I smile and say I’ll let her know. Alex looks happy enough and has a drink waiting for me. I sit down breathless and I show him the card I have just been passed, as he continues to smile.
“You, Aello can work in any of my hotels too, and I will match whatever she offered. You really saved the day for me Chloe, how can thank you?” He laughs.
“You can take me to dinner as promised, but can we go upstairs and eat on the terrace please? I actually enjoyed singing for my supper.” We finish our drinks, and he leads me out of the basement door and towards the beach. Taking off my Christian’s we head towards the beach. He holds my hand tightly, then suddenly pulls me to him. Kissing me and as if his life depends on it too. My shoes and bag are dropped in the sand, as I kiss him back and lord can he kiss. His hands slide down my back and pull me in. Our lip's part as his tongue searches out mine. His hand comes slowly up my back and into my hair. Wow, the kisses make me light-headed. Bob works wonders, but this is like nothing I have ever felt before, oh yes please… He pulls back and sighs.
“Dinner before we... Let’s just enjoy the rest of the night.” He wanted to say something else, and I can guess what. I watch as he bends down and picks up my shoes, bag and kisses the exposed thigh on the way up. Oh hell, I am on a collision course to disaster, again. Our table is in a quiet corner, with spectacular views out to sea as the waiter showed us the table. 
Alex again orders the very nice wine from last night. He has expensive tastes in both wine and women. We don’t speak, though the sexual chemistry is running through us both. Mine, is between my legs and damn well making me feel decidedly horny for the Demigod that I am about to sit down to dinner with. Whether he senses it or not, he holds my hand on the table, picking it up and kissing my upturned palm.
“Take a chance on me Chloe? I can see in your face that you’re not sure, and you don’t trust me, do you? You don’t think this can go anywhere. Please Chloe, I see it in your face, you think I am using you, and this is just holiday fling? It’s not Aello, I swear. I don’t know what you have done to me Chloe. You have unmanned me, normally I don’t do this, and I know you think I do but I don’t though. I can assure you I am not the playboy people make me out to be, please don’t believe everything you read about me, most of it is utter bullshit.
The other fraction of it there may be some truth in it. I am after all a young and unmarried man, so of course I have had girlfriends. I have a past, but you Chloe, whether you believe this or not, is up to you. You get to decide on where, if anywhere, you want this to go? From the moment when you walked into me, I have felt differently about you, something inside me just clicked. Please will you try to make this work? It won’t be easy, my work, your work, you have secrets too I think?”

She has no idea I saw her Googling me this afternoon from my balcony and I hate to be judged on what people see in the papers or on the net, she needs to know me. I can’t tell her I have had her checked out, damn it I really need to listen to Stella more. Alex what is she doing to you?

Oh hell, I’m going down the holiday romance path again, what do you want with me, and why me Alex? I want to run and hide, if he knew my secrets he would leave. Tell him before it goes further and it’s his choice then. I put my hand over the one he is holding and take the plunge.
“I...I... I do have secrets that have ruined… No, that’s wrong. The secrets didn’t ruin my life. They just made my life take a different path that’s all. I’m not sure I’m enough for you Alex, I don’t look like the others! Yes, I Googled you, not knowing anything about the handsome stranger I had allowed into my room, and one who put me in my bed and one who keeps on kissing me. I well, I just don’t know if I can give you my trust and do the things you seem to want. I haven’t had a normal past, well I haven’t had much of any past if the truth were told, but the last three years Alex… There are things you need to know and after I explain them it’s up to you?”
Dinner is brought to us, as I begin to explain. The excellent lamb dish arrives at our table. Alex thanks the waiter. He takes my hand and asks me to continue. I explain everything, and he listens to everything. Then when the meal is finished and wine drunk, he sits back and smiles. Why do I think he knew about it all, he doesn’t look as shocked as I thought he would be? I was married to a gay dude for three years and dumped so he can marry his boyfriend? That would shock me if I heard that for the first time.
“What we did in our past stays there Chloe. I’m not asking for marriage, just a commitment to give this a try, have fun and enjoy each other’s company. See where it leads it maybe we don’t go anywhere, who knows if we don’t try? I don’t think you’re going to be disappointed Chloe. Oh, and I am definitely not gay, but you will find out, if you still want to continue with whatever it is you started by stepping on my foot? I know this is happening fast too, this is really not how this usually happens for me either Aello.” He kisses my hand and leads me to the lift. We are wine fuelled again, but this time the sexual tension is oozing out of every pore we have. “Shall we use your room or mine Chloe. I have never done this before?” I’m shaking because oh lord this is really happening, it isn’t a dream and we are in the lift.
“I can honestly say this is something I have never done before either Alexander. My room please, as my things are there. I just don’t know if this is what you really want?” He takes me in his arms and kisses me again and I nestle into his chest as the door opens, he uses his key to open the door. The room is beautiful with the candles, the roses, the champagne chilling, the lights turned down and the music playing in the background. “I was that much of a sure thing then, Alex?” I laughed, as he pulled me towards him.
“I did all this when you started to sing. I had them put the things in my room, and then when you sang and looked straight in my direction whilst singing the song, Crazy, I thought I saw something? I made a mad dash up here. I’m just glad you chose your room Chloe.” He poured me a glass of champagne.
It topped up the wine we had with dinner and the cocktails in the bar. I drank the glass quickly. I’m too nervous at the idea of things turning bad or worse, this being the best thing that happens to me and losing it when he’s finished toying with my affections. Given the last time that I tried to seduce a man, he turned out to be gay! I may be a tad nervous too. This one has had models and film stars in his bed, and as I look into his eyes, I choose to do as he asked and take a chance. Besides, the feelings of want coursing through my body are too fierce to ignore.
Now, oh hell do I make the first move, how do I make a move on him? I poured another glass as he sips the offered glass, he’s looking just as nervous. I put mine on the table and leant over him taking the glass from him and placing it on the table next to mine. Here goes nothing and well if I fail this time, it is in my DNA. I have a predisposition to turn normal men gay, individuals who are sex on legs are driven by my pathetic attempts of seduction, to be turned off from bedding women forever. 
Oh hell, don’t let him be gay, I want and need this man in my bed. I want that part of me gone, I want to do something fun just because I can. I want, I need, I intend to give into him and allow myself the pleasure I think he will give me, he looks nervous and I panic. I leaned in for a kiss, pulling my body up into his lap, kissing his neck, smelling him, and listening to the pleasing sounds of need as he groaned in my ear. His hot breath on the back of my neck, as he returned the kisses causes cold shivers to race throughout my body, tossing my head back to allow him to kiss me, he kisses my neck, and I murmur my satisfaction.
My tingling fingers are wrapped around his waist, my lips are kissing his neck and are searching out his mouth, it’s found, and I’m met by his smile. As I kissed him gently, pulling his lip between my teeth, and letting it fall. I slide in my tongue tracing his perfect smile with it and as his head falls backwards, he lays down. I sat on top of him straddling his waist, opening his shirt one button at a time. Kissing the space exposed as yet another button is opened, I get closer to my goal. All the time he watches, his body is fantastic, trim and perfect. He obviously uses the gyms in his hotels.
I continue kissing his chest and finding his nipple, I kissed it and he murmurs his approval. My God, this was turning me on too and my sex pulsed wildly. His legs came up as he shuffled more onto the sofa, his hands are now caressing my back and travelling to the hem of my dress. Finding it, he pulled it up slowly and without thinking I lift my arms as he pulls it over my head and throws it to the other couch. I was now almost naked and straddling a Demigod, oh hell yes.
“You are so perfect, you fit in my hands and you my Aello, are meant to be here.”
“I want to be here with you, oh yes Alex, just you.”
“I want and need you Chloe. We’re here, you want to be here and Aello here you will be with me all night long.” His soft hands on my back made me gasp, and as I kissed him, he sat up, he stood up and I’m suddenly hanging off him. My legs then wrap around him, as he carried me to my bed. He put me on the side and undressed himself, the shirt is already open and is easily abandoned, and the belt of his pants undone, and it is thrown on the floor. I giggle… Great, he isn’t tying me to the bed then. “Did I do something you find amusing, is it the manner of my undressing funny, Aello? I think you should take over. It seems I make you laugh.” He is handsome when he sulks.
He smiles and my sex throbs. I know this is going to happen and with him, my Demigod is hot. He opened the button of his trousers and my hands are unzipping them and as they fell to the floor, I let out a sigh, there is a near naked Adonis in the room, yes... Taking off my bra, he sighs as he holds my breasts in his hands and kisses my already erect and hard nipples, he pushed me gently back on the bed. I’m filled with a strange anticipation, fear even. I don’t know what was going through my head, other than please let this be good, let me be good enough.
“You look nervous Chloe, we can wait. Just hold each other, sleep, or whatever makes you happy? Boreíte na epiléxete.” I put my arms around his neck, he’s between my legs and looking down at me, whilst his arms keep his body from mine. Well almost all of his body, I feel him, and his hardness is against my leg and it feels wonderful. I shiver in anticipation.
“I want this, please Alex. Please make this right for me. I need to know it wasn’t my fault the last time. I don’t understand Greek, but hopefully you were telling me this isn’t a onetime thing?”
“No God no, it is not a one off. I don’t do those things. I promise I want this too Aello. I was only asking you to choose, and Aello means whirlwind, you are my crazy Aello. All this has been just that Chloe, a mind-blowing whirlwind. No, we take it at your pace and for however long it lasts. These are all new feelings for me too, they are leaving me breathless, and I have a deep need for you. What have you done to me? I need you Chloe relax and enjoy the evening, I intend to, because I want to be here with you and in here with you.” His finger skims the silk of my panties. Oh God me too, what do I have to lose?
Well, apart from that important one thing. I pulled him down to meet my lips and he’s kissing me, he lowered himself on top of me. The drink has given me a strange confidence, mild mannered Chloe? She was gone, and in her place, fuck-me-now Chloe. His kisses made their way down my neck, his tiny nipping kisses are laid down my whole body, until he reached the apex of my thigh. His fingers removed the tiny pair of lacy black panties. Moving across me with kisses and down to my sex, umming as he did, oh he’s definitely umming. His lips were kissing my sex and it gets hotter and moist, the feelings as I felt his warm breath on it make me lose control, it makes me mutter his name over and over, as my hands fisted within his hair. The noises coming from him and from within me are strange, exciting and are doing things to me like nothing ever has before.
I am putty in his hands, as his tongue strokes that place. The one place that if you touch yourself, sends your head to the most wonderful place on earth, or is it to a tiny piece of heaven? Bob sent me almost there many times, to as near to heaven as I could stand, but I always pulled back, unable to stand the pleasurable pain. Those feelings are multiplying as Alex hits that spot repeatedly, my body wriggling under him, my inner voice telling him to stop my mouth telling him.
“Yes; yes, oh yes. Please God yes.” I shook into him as he suckled and kissed, his fingers had now invaded me and as he played with me moving them slowly in and out and around inside, he’s stroking the inner me, relaxing is fingers as I came and starting again as I quivered to a stop. “Alex, I need you now please God, please Alex now.”
He moved up my body with the kisses his tongue lapping my hardened nipples, the pleasure I’m feeling as he gives me yet another out of this world, mind-blowing orgasm. I left my mark on his back with the scratches I’d inflicted on him as I came, he groaned as I did it too. He pulled a condom from the supply in the bedside drawer, and as I watched him put the thing on I realised it was that time, tell him or not, loose it or not, he smiles as he is on top of me again, no words spoken just kisses, beautiful sexual soft and passionate kisses.
His kisses to my lips are soft and gentle; then suddenly he was in me, with one thrust, he tore through my virginity, oh the pain, the overwhelming need to shout out DARK-DARK-DARK. I held on to him tightly as his thrusts become slower and more enjoyable, his kisses deeper and nicer, and as my body got used to him, I relaxed. The whole thing became suddenly wonderful; once that searing pain vanished that is, the feeling of him inside me was now amazing.
He moved gently, sliding in and out of me. I wondered, was as good for him as it was for me? Then, oh lord, a sudden build-up of pleasure as I climaxed, and he sensed me tense as I quivered to a heady rush of feelings, a strange and wonderful feeling hot, cold and tingly. I heard his voice through the happening, yes happening wow what a word for the feeling, this amazing build-up of differing emotions. I looked into his eyes staring down at me, I shivered, shook and exploded. I came to pieces as he encouraged me to relax and enjoy it all, oh I was enjoying this amazing feeling.
“Come with me Aello, come with me please, come and come oh, God Chloe now.” I couldn’t hold back and definitely wasn’t quiet as I shouted his name.
“Alex, pleaseee argh don’t stop, I’m coming argh Alex. Oh, God yes....” As my toes stretched, my bottom clenched and my back arched into him and my hands are pulling fiercely at his hair. Yes, I felt amazing, wonderful and loved... He emptied himself and quivered, suddenly stopping and then falling on top me, he held on to me and cradled me in his arms.
“Was that all right Chloe. Are you all right?” I just lay in his arms umming. Oh, Alexander Kaminis, yes definitely positively fine, fine. Hell, it was wondrous, and I need that again, I’m definitely umming. Getting up to use the toilet, he smiled as I climbed over him to get off the bed and kissed him. I washed quickly, and as I touched myself down there, I gasp, it’s a little sore and bleeding. I wipe and clean myself then throw on the robe from the bathroom, when I get back in, he is smiling at me, staring and smiling.
“I don’t usually have sex with girls on their periods Chloe.” I looked at him and was a little confused. He pointed to the bed, as I laughed.
“I’m not Alex.” Just then the phone rang in the sitting room, so I dashed to answer.
“Chloe Denton, you’re on speaker how can I help you?” A thick Ozzie voice on the other end of the phone, it’s Gerri.
“Chloe, good God almighty girl, what the hell have you done to my book, that’s so fucking hot? I can imagine riding that bad boy Daniel as I read it, thought it was bad enough me writing it, but hell girl since when did the virgin bride get so clued up on pornesk adventures? Unless you’re getting some from the Adonis, you fancied. Fuck, I’m on my way to see him, if this is what he makes you write?” I blush as Alex listens in the doorway smiling. I know he is watching as I feel his eyes burning into my back from the bedroom door.
“Might I politely remind you Geraldine, I am on speaker and my phone is on charge. So, the first draft was fine then?”
“And then some, I just hope the actors we are seeing for read through, can do my book and your screenplay justice. You need to have it done by the weekend Chloe, well the first draft anyhow, but the pages you sent me are awesome. How’s the sun, sea and sex then? Are you get some or any of that shit? Shit, I’m on in a minute, this bloody book will be the death of me. I’m in the UK for two weeks of whistle stops. See you when we get back to crazy land, gotta go, love to the Adonis and remember sex on the beach isn’t just a cocktail, nor is a slow comfortable screw.” I blush as Alex bursts into a fit of laughter. Pointless shushing him she heard.
“Well Gerri, I’ve got to go, and I will email you with the rest tomorrow. I think my muse may have hit the spot for now, you barmaid from hell, I will see you, when the holiday is over. I can’t wait to see you again tat-ta-for-now Kanga.”
“Would say see yah again virgin bride, but I’m thinking that’s an old nickname know, sees you, byeeee Alexander.” The phone went dead, and I turned it off, voice mail is safer with Gerri. I took my time turning around my red face is still burning. I don’t turn, but I hear him move as his bare feet pad over the marble floor towards me, his arms are tight around me and his lips are kissing my neck.
“Chloe, you allowed me to be your first? I don’t know what to say other than thank you. You were untouched and that alone was the most the most perfect thing anyone has ever given me, but you should have said something, and we would have taken, or rather I would have done things differently. Though I have never done that with anyone before, that thought alone is mind-blowing.” I blush again. I seem to be doing that a lot now.
“I have never done that before, so I just hope it was all right, was I okay? I tried once with Simon, but well I told you we didn’t, being as I am missing the amazing appendages, you males seem to have. I am not sorry we did it are you? Oh hell, was it that horrid? Did I, did I not do it right? I swear if you don’t tell me what I did wrong, I’m on the next plane out of here?” I didn’t want to turn and face him until I knew. He was laughing at me. What it’s not every day you lose your virginity to an amazing Demigod?
“It was fabulous, and I want more of you. I would like a whole lot more of you, that thing you did was far from horrid, it was wonderful Aello, really amazing. I felt so close to you. Come back to bed and show me what I, your muse inspired you to write, because you’re going nowhere Aello, apart from back to bed for more. Chloe, will you get it into your head that I wanted and needed you? You were fantastic and are perfect in every way. You’re beautiful, incredible and so pleasing to be with, in every way shape or form.” I turned to face him and smiled, I wasn’t a gay maker, phew.
“It was magnificent and was undeniably life changing Alex, thank you and you’re damn right I want more too, yes please, lots more. As to the script, you have to sign a confidentiality agreement before you read it.” I laugh as he takes a pen from the bureau drawer and signs my shoulder.
“I swear that what goes on in the bedroom stays in the bedroom, the lounge, the terrace, the bathroom, the sea, and the cabanas on the beach. I swear. Oh, I now have a ‘places to do you in’ list Chloe.” I laugh as he picks me up.
I pick up my laptop as we pass, and we fall on the bed, I open the saved document and he laughs as I type in the password for now and smile again as he touches me, his hand running down my face. Bugger reading it I want to experience it again. Something makes him laugh, I look over to the page he’s reading, and then he smiles again he’d read the note to Gerri, about needing to experience this first. He reads it as I watch, his eyes flit from word to word then he fidgets, he laughs at something else.
“What he didn’t know she was a virgin? She as good as told him here, here and here is he stupid?” My turn to laugh at him now, I look at him sat on my bed naked and smile, he’s ready to go again, goody…
“And when did you realise Alex?” He smirked.
“Point taken, but do you fancy doing this with me? I have the belt, though you may have to teach me or better still lend me the books?” I hardly think he needs help in that department. I shut the laptop and take him up on his offer several times before we finally sleep.


Chapter 6:


I am slowly waking, and wrapped in a huddle of sheets, as I hear him in the shower. I’d join him, but I ache. Worn out and sore from the bedroom antics last night, I’m still so tired from the workout from his wonderful lovemaking. I sit up in the bed as he comes in the room. Wrapped in a robe, he leans down and kisses me.
“Kaliméra Aello, are you all right this morning? I have run you a bath. Now, what do you want to do? Do you want to try some more places on my list? The terrace was a little tricky last night, we will have to do that again at my villa. I know of a secret cove where I can make love to you in the sea. Where nobody will catch us, it’s my own beach. Chloe what do you think my love, it has the nicest white sand to get in all those awkward places, and rocks that I can make love to you against, all as the waves crash over us? I want to spend our last day together, phones left here with no interruptions?”
“Hell yes, can we get there fast, like now? He picks me up and puts me in the warm bubbles and smiles as he joins me. I am satisfied for a while longer and as I get dressed, he phones down for a picnic basket for our day of sun, sea and sex and oh I get to have real sex-on-the-beach. I dressed whilst he popped to his room to change, he’s back in no time at all and we head for his little speedboat. He smiles at Nik, as he leaves his phone with him, telling him he cannot be contacted until the evening, he has a basket in his hand and a smile on his face.
“That was my Godfather, Uncle Nik, he’s also the general manager of both of my hotels here and the nearest thing to a father I have. He likes you, but he thinks you are too good for me.” I smile turn and wave at Uncle Nik.
Oh, how wrong he is, Alex is too good for me. Alex walks me to the end of the jetty and helps me in the Double A. Little speedboat, my backside. It’s massive and moored alongside the beautiful yacht. My Girls, his boat he hires out, named after his nieces I hope, and not the myriad of damned models he’s dated? He really does love his nieces, should I be jealous of those too? Nope, I’m pleased he loves them and cares for them as he does, he’s a perfect family man. I laugh, no I really am in awe of the love he has for them, not jealous at all.
“I could throw you on there and we could make love all day on the sea, but we have other days and many ways to fulfil my wanton needs for you Chloe.”
I smile as he jumps in the speedboat, and helps me on board holding me in the nicest of embraces as he does, my whole body is on fire and alive at his touch. I can’t get enough of him, really I can’t. Alex signals for the ropes to be untied and as they are, he secures my life jacket, kissing me as he does, a display that has the locals clapping and smiling, so he does it again. I look at the elderly women saying things to Alex he smiles and speaks to them in Greek, and they laugh.
“They say your beautiful and want to know if my mother has met you yet? I told them that comes when she gets here at the weekend! They too think I am lucky. It seems the people of Christos like my girlfriend.” I smile.
“So, I am your girlfriend then or just a girl who is a friend?” He pulls off laughing. I sit by his side as he powers up, reversing and making a grand exit by sweeping the bay expertly. He hits the throttle and we head off for our day in the secret cove thing. I’m expecting to be in the boat an age, but when four minutes later we pull around the bend and enter a well-hidden cove that just fits the speedboat through, I laugh.
“That was hardly worth taking the motion sickness pills for Alex.” His grin is massive 
“Aello, I can make the boat move or you if you want? In fact, yes here first, you are moving me already Aello, and I see you are restless too. The bikini you have on is useless here, I want to see you in the sunshine as the Gods intended, naked and hot.”
“Alex the same goes for you. I gather you like to be nude when sun worshiping, as you haven’t got a tan line?” He smiles as his clothes I remove hastily, my eyes feast on his body. He’s down to his swim trunks, as I get naked too. I feel no embarrassment in doing so either. He has given me a confidence like never before. As we make out on the still rocking boat, he laughs as I tell him I was just joking about the pills. I hear the familiar sound of the ripping foil, and I watch as he puts it on and bite my lip as he leans down, he whispers in my ear.
“Well Chloe I like the up and down motion of this.” His quiet soundings in my ear catch me unawares, just as the thrust inside me does and as he enters me hard, he loses balance. I laugh as he holds on for dear life. I gasp at the feelings of my arousal, as the jolt sends him further into me.
Wow, it’s sending shockwaves of pleasure straight through to my brain, the feelings are out of this world. As I near climax, he closes his eyes as I tighten up around him, causing him to groan in anticipation. I clench tighter as he surrenders to me, crying out my name in echoes round the small cove. I pull him into me as he finishes. This man gets better. What did I do to deserve this? If it lasts no longer than the few weeks I am here, here in Greece, I will remember this forever. The fantastic sun, sea and my sexy Demigod, he is my very own Alexander the very great. As we lay naked in each other’s arms, I just want to sleep, as I am exhausted.
“Alex are you sure we can’t be seen, or heard, it’s just you were very vocal baby?” He buries his face into my breasts with his nose, making me giggle.
“No, these cliffs open straight out from my villa, actually they are outside my bedroom window, and nobody can get into the villa without a key code and there are guards. The beach is only accessible by boat. The family leave in the early hours, they aren’t using my room, it’s locked. Aello, you are the only person I have ever brought here for mad and passionate sex, so get in the water and I will bring the things to the beach, let’s work on that all over tan, which is for my eyes only.”
“So, Alexander how do we get the food and things to the beach?”
“I will take it through the water, is shallow here. Go get sunning yourself on the beach, we eat and drink then we make love all afternoon, if that’s all right Chloe?”
“Umm, sod my deadline I can catch up when I pine away for you to get back.” He slaps my naked backside playfully. Kissing it afterwards, the feelings are rising again.
“Damn right, I may even lock you in your room, so that you can’t tempt all the other men here to your dark and wonton side Ms Denton.” I laugh, get up and shallow dive in the water, argh it’s cold, but so refreshing and my scream echoes in the bay.
I laugh and giggle as Alex attempts the task of shifting things from the boat to the beach. Me, I walk gracefully out of the water and drape myself over the warm flat rocks that lie on the far side of the cove and dry off in the sun. Joined at last by Alex, as he shakes those dark locks over me. I pull him down for the start of his promised afternoon of lovemaking. Had he never brought a girl here? As we lay in the afternoon sun, Alex was sleeping, his body relaxed and beautiful, me? I sat and ogled the billionaire hotel owner, asleep after fulfilling his promise of an all-day lovemaking marathon on his beach in the sun, and then I too slept. His kisses waking me later.
“Aello, we have to be going, the afternoon sun is going and you, my little sunburnt rose, are in need of a swim and I am in need of this.” His fingers gently caressed the folds of my sex, he worked me into a frenzy as he toyed with me repeatedly, until I came screaming his name again and again. “Chloe, you really are fun to watch as you submit to me.” He kissed me, and as he did, I pulled him to me as I rolled him over, I was the one who now had him in my hands. He watched as my tongue followed his happy trail to his friend. I licked my lips, and as I did, I cupped his balls and massaged them.
“It seems Mr Kaminis, you are in need of a helping hand before we swim back to the boat, and you take me to dinner. Would you like that or this?” I put his dick in my mouth, as he cried for more, so I obliged. This was definitely new to me and boy was it arousing. He was so nice up close, and as he moved beneath me, he begged me for more. I took him further into my mouth, my head bobbing up and down on his length, he was close so close, and as he grabbed for a condom, I sucked harder. He came hard and fast, the warm liquid is now filling my mouth, as I swallowed the milky fluid coming from him. He collapsed back on the towel and breathed in a deep sigh, as I finished the task, which I had been so nervous to try on him.
“Wow… That was, Aello, that was so fantastic, and so not what I expected you to do for me, to me and please me by doing that. It was the most personal thing you could have done for me, and something I think I want you to do more of...” I looked at my hunky lover lay on the blanket and smiled.
“You just have to ask, and I may consider it again, was it all right? I have only ever read about that in the damn book.” He pulled me to him.
“It was perfect as were you, but now we really have to be getting back, today has been fantastic, relaxing and definitely we need to do this again, maybe we could spend the night down here, making love under the stars?” Cheesy yes, but oh it was a romantic thought. I watched as he loaded the boat with our things and I swam to meet him, as he pulled me on board, wet and hot from the days sun. We dressed and returned home, a little slower this time, we spent five minutes pulling around. “Today Ms Denton was indeed memorable, and one I will have to remember for the next few days, are you sure I cannot persuade you to come with me? We could make love in the sky next, as we have already made love in the sea?” I ummed, as I hugged my legs in his boat.
“I have to work, and you are too sexy a distraction Alexander. My too lust full, what are you my boyfriend, holiday fling, what?” He pulled me to him.
“All of the above and whatever else you want, but for now yes I am your very lucky boyfriend. What you have is Aello, a very satisfied lover and one extremely happy man and a man mad for his English Rose of a girlfriend. Does that answer that one Chloe, we are officially dating and exclusively just you and I are you all right with that?”
“Umm, yes Alex, that’s perfect and yes your girlfriend agrees, just you and me...” We were now a couple. From out of his mouth it came!
When did that happen, when did he decide that little ole me was good enough? Shush Chloe, he did and wow, he made my heart flutter. We arrived back at the hotel. Alex had to catch up on the business he had missed and said he would join me in my room later for dinner in there he would order it, and have it sent up. I was to shower and get comfortable, for a night of cuddles, kisses and life histories, because we needed to know things about each other, if we were going to make this work.
I swear I skipped, yes skipped to the lift, I didn’t but it seemed though like I was walking on air and like mum said, my heart would know if I had found the right one, and I’d found a sexy, hot, nice one too. My heart pounded, and I paused to take in the things we had done. What I had allowed him to do, he made me tingle, the thought of his hands upon my body and everything else I had done to his Demigod body. Wow, it was unbelievable. At seven, Alex knocked and came into find me sleeping on the bed apparently? He sat and watched me for a while, until he woke me with the sweetest of kisses, his lips tender and his hand stroking my cheek.
“Good evening Alex, did you get all your work finished, after your phone free afternoon?” He laid at my side his fingers tracing the line of my body.
“I did, and many calls were important too, but none as important as you. I like very much, what you make me do and do to me.” He leant in and kissed me. We were disturbed by room service. Alex sorted it, and I wandered in as the waiters left. “I ordered for us and the wine is your favourite Aello, please sit, enjoy and thank you for today.” I sit and enjoy the stifado and the vegetables, the thick lamb dish is wonderful. He watches as I eat.
“What have never seen a woman eat before Alex?” He smiles, duh models don’t eat, so this is new for him and I laugh. “Get used to it baby I like good food.”
“Mitéra, is a very good cook and her stifado is so good, this though is very good too, you like it Aello? I can’t wait for you to meet her and my girls.” I blush, for some reason he does this to me.
We have a great night sat watching the sea from the terrace wrapped in each other’s arms watching the world go by, the night ends with an early night and a fantastic night of love making until the early hours of the morning. We slept exhausted and definitely a perfect match in everything we had done, and I mean everything! Wow, I woke to the sound of him in the shower. I looked in and he had me join him. Bliss, the water was refreshing, but him washing me with the delicious smelling soap, on that oversized sponge, was so lush, lovely and so sexy. It inevitably leads to amazing sex, and gosh a hot pink flush to our skin.
“I need to pack and head off, do you want to come with me? I can arrange it, just say the word.” I ummm again. Somehow, he takes the power of speech away.
“I have to get the first couple of drafts done, please don’t worry about me, I will have plenty to do, just hurry back.”
“I don’t want to go now, but I have too. Chloe was last night all right for you?”
“Last night was absolutely, positively the best I have ever had in my life thank you. Not that I have anything to compare it to being there’s only ever been you Alex, but yes it was, thank you Alex. Now, get that Demigod backside out of my room. I’ll get dressed and walk you to the car, and then I’m spending the day doing the script.” He gave me a kiss and headed out, his clothes are thrown over his arm and he is wrapped in my robe. He looked like a sexy Christmas present waiting to be opened. Lord, he looked good in my robe. I hope he isn’t seen, what will his staff think of me?
Alex knocks on the door a short while later, with a suitcase in his hand. He’s really leaving. As the lift comes, the passion gets the better of us and I have never been as shocked in my life at what we did next… There wasn’t a word better for it other than shocked, but we were a little, err, enthused, we had hurried sex in an elevator stopped between floors. He said it would be fast and it was, but amazingly so. As we shuddered to a swift climax, we both laughed as voices were now behind the doors, after a quick tidy up, I laugh again as I have to pocket the used items.
A kiss is given, as our blushes couldn’t be hidden, the doors open, just as Nik appears in reception with the keys. We were almost busted by his ‘father’ in the lift. After a short goodbye at the door of his car, waiting patiently to take him to his jet, he kissed me goodbye and with promise to Skype to call and to text me, and then he left. I’m think I’m relieved and sad at the same time too, because I think I am going to miss him, but I also needed the breathing space. It was a little too much too soon. I was falling hard for the smooth talking Demigod, and it was a little frightening to find myself in so deep, so soon.
So, to try and a least get that alone time and breathing space thing, I busied myself with the script, and it worked, because the first draft was finished, and all by the time dinner arrived in my room. Now I had more references of my own, it was easier to write. Alex rang as promised, after his three-hour flight. What do you talk to a stranger about, the whole thing lasted five minutes, and I think he was thinking it too? His texts though were short and flirty as were mine that I sent back. The promised Skype strip was interrupted by a power cut, just as things were getting steamy! He’d managed to get me hot, bothered and needing him here to service my wicked needs. I wanted him now, because just watching him naked on screen, he’d made me wet between the legs and hornie as hell. Umm he was very nice too, who needs to talk because talking is so overrated, especially when that’s on offer?
I texted him saying goodnight, after reminding him I was away diving all day, he finally said goodnight back. With no contact the day after, apart from the text in the morning and one at bedtime. Did I say I loved his flirty, dirty texts? I did, because they are very nice and made me wish I had gone with him, because the time apart is giving me time to think, this is a dangerous thing for me to have, time alone with my thoughts.
I shouldn’t be allowed time to think really, because my thoughts are tormenting me. Thoughts like why is he with me? I’m nothing like the others, I am not good enough, and I’m not enough for him, classy enough, or worldly wise? Shit my own insecurity is my biggest headache. I have spent hours self-doubting, loathing and hating my life already this year, do I need to start again? This time over a hunky Greek guy, who made me feel like a woman, loved cherished and is so good at that old thing called sex? I go back to my plan, if nothing comes of this and it is just a holiday fling, it will make for one hell of a chapter or two in my memoirs, but will I be able to go back to not having him? I sleep, I am diving tomorrow, I need to sleep.
I wake ready to do some diving. After the shit day from hell I’d had and by shit, I meant death defying, dangerous, smelly, fractious, unpleasant, horrible, shocking, a day full of unwanted passes from drunken arses and stupid women too drunk to care. Then there was the supposed Dive Master on the boat, who was useless and knew nothing about diving. Why did Alex even employ them? They were dangerous and so unprofessional. The guests had been drinking and no equipment checks were done, I only know this because two guests were given near empty cylinders of oxygen, the brothers changing them when I was quick to point out their mistake, after I checked mine myself. I enjoyed the actual dive, though I ended up biting my tongue, when they tried to tell me I was diving for too long and too deep. 
I would hire the equipment and a boat and do this on my own without the brothers Kaminis. I wondered if they are related to Alex, I highly doubt it, because these two look like a pair of Greek Lotharios, they were not that good looking, but thought they were God’s gift, to the more desperate of the women onboard. They reeked of Greek Brandy, yes, they had been diving whilst drunk! Which is not recommended, but given I was there to advise the more serious of the guest divers what to do and how to dive properly, nobody died.
I wasn’t too worried about the women who had been drinking actually doing any diving, because the drunk women on the boat, who swooned over the brothers, who in their drunken state, kept each other entertained below decks, a deck that needed soundproofing, badly. They were too touchy feely and got the message from the minute I stepped on the boat. I though threatened to break his finger if he touched my bottom again. The day from hell finally ended with the other one asking me to join him at his villa, hell no...
I showered the dirt of the day from me and dressed for dinner, after which I had a meal in the restaurant and ate alone, taking in the view again. I spent the evening chatting to a few of the other guests who like me were in awe of the place. I was also being looked over by the staff, I just knew I was the object of their curiosity, they were, I’m sure, checking out what was the fascination their boss had in me. I answered the text Alex had sent and of course I was missing him, now he wasn’t here. He was going to a business dinner and would speak to me tomorrow.
I headed to my room tired and sort of fed up, I was in a really weird sort of mood, I think it was because I couldn’t stop thinking of Alex! Even if it was just about him being here to hold me, okay, I wanted him to do more than hold me. I pushed those thoughts to one side, as I still had more drafts to do and emails to check. I had a curious one from Simon, asking me not to be a stranger and to stay friends, was he serious? I ignored him, because I was still angry with the whole baby thing, and the press had been ruthless in digging up all sorts of dirt on him, me, my parents and anything else they could. All because they hadn’t had their statement, from either of us, so now they were making stuff up. My lawyer state side, she was on the case and doing as all Americans do, she is suing their arses. I’m here to get away from that life, well for at least a short while, and so put those thoughts and myself to bed.
The next morning my packages arrived and yeahh, the dresses were all fabulous and they made me look and feel great in them, now I just had to choose which one. I looked at the charm bracelets and loved them, they were both similar, yet different. I wrapped them neatly and wrote on their cards, with love on your special day, from Chloe x. A thank you to e-mail to Tiffany & Co was sent thanking them for their extra effort and whilst I was on-line, I stupidly Googled Alex, and as soon as I had, I wished I hadn’t. He was arm in arm with a leggy Russian model, and in more than one photo and wearing more than one outfit, so it was two different times too. Damn, I wish I hadn’t been a nosey crow now, because I sat and seethed all day.
It made writing the bust-up scenes of the book easy. I just imagined I was ripping Alex a new one, and boy was it a good scene. I wonder if Alex’s face will smart as I slap him, and I will? My anger at Alex is raging and so the pages filled in no time, and it was sent to Geri and the others. I’m mad as hell at him and myself for not going now, why oh why didn’t I go? Now he’s found someone more suited to the glamorous life he leads... Chloe you’re jealous, I tell myself, damn right I am, he was supposed to be mine. It was then at that moment I realised I’d fallen too deeply for my Demigod. Not again, why me and why so soon after Simon? The gift of common sense was evading me again. This was such hard work, why did I not just look where I was walking that day...
Damn and blast, he bloody well asked you to go Chloe, this was your own fault he asked you more than once to go with him and you had to say no. I was angry at myself, I think more than I was at Alex or was I, or was I just really confused? To add to the confusion, every couple of hours or so flowers started arriving, my room looked like a florist shop and by mid-afternoon I was sneezing badly because there were so many flowers! Why had he sent them, was he missing me? 
Had he done something bad, did he have something to be sorry for? Were these flowers sorry for cheating flowers, like those I got from Simon? Uncle Nik sorted them, laughing at the sheer number of flowers and the redness of my nose from all the sneezing. I’d cried a little too and told Nik why I was mad as hell at Alex, and as he listened to my rant, he said nothing. I have a feeling Uncle Nik does this a lot, cops the fallout Alex should get from the girls who he messes around.
The script was on its third draft and was better than ever. I was asked would it be possible to go to LA for a meet and greet in two weeks I agreed. If the next couple of days went as crappie as the last few, I would be there on Monday. I’d ignored his texts, refused to sign in Skype, ignored my phone and unplugged the phone in my room. Instead, I went walking armed with my camera, a bottle of water and my bad mood. After an afternoon of trekking around the mountain like a chuffing mountain goat, snapping touristy photos, shots of the sea coming into the cove, wildlife, mainly lizards and goats!
Ancient ruins were everywhere and so they too were captured. I took pictures of old Greek ladies smiling and chatting to their neighbours, all whilst sat at their doorsteps of their freshly painted homes, their cute white homes looked beautiful, with blue accents and blue shutters. It was just a perfect picture of the tranquillity of the life here, on a typical lazy Greek day. I really do want to do some proper diving too, as I get all maudlin watching a couple of family’s scuba diving in the bay, I snap away taking photographs of their happy faces and I realise I am missing my parents.
I get back to the hotel, head to my room and I remember I have a report to write on the diving sham Alex calls a Dive School, the brothers need to be sacked, they are a danger and if he bothers reading it, that’s what he will have to do. I wrote it all down for Alex along with all my recommendations and top of the list is his hiring a new Dive Master and quickly. He asks for feedback, this needs sorting before the roads, and before someone dies. I was disappointed at the shoddy service the men gave. I wonder though, because the women they ‘serviced’ left happily enough, they didn’t have any complaints, but then they didn’t dive, well not in the sea.
That night I promise to take his calls, as he was worried and had sent Uncle Nik to make sure I was all right. Nik made me promise to answer his next call and he promised me Alex would explain everything. Do I suspect Uncle Nik has given him my abridged version of the rant this afternoon, possibly? I await the dreaded phone call and it comes just before I head down for dinner.
“Aello, what have I done? Why are you angry with me?” And so it begins...
“Google you and see why I’m angry, I think we need to accept this is how you live, it’s not something I wanted nor needed, to fall in love with you and to be this upset, so soon after bloody Simon. You said to take every day as it came, well the last two have been good for you, but crap for me.” I could hear him swearing in Greek as he angrily tapped away on his laptop.
“Chloe, I was out with the delegates and she tagged along, at no point has she ever been nearer than her putting her arm through mine. If you look, the other people are my security keeping her from me. Honestly, my security tried to keep her from me, but she was relentless, I promise nothing happened. I take my relationships very seriously. Aello, I am being exclusive in my relationship with you, because I need you to be only mine too. I don’t and never have had more than one lady in my life at any one time, and you are mine. Chloe you are mine and I am yours. She is the daughter of a business partner of one of the delegates. She is a drug taking washed up sorry state of a young woman and needs help, but she is getting nothing. I repeat nothing from me, you have my heart Chloe you.” I wanted to believe him, really I did.
“I will see you when I get back Aello, you have nothing to fear I don’t cheat Chloe, I hate it happening to me, so I won’t ever do it to someone I am in a relationship with. Please believe me and if it worries you, I will cut the meeting short and come back? Please know I will, if you don’t trust me?” He had told me this meeting had taken seven long years to get to the signatures stage and that was happening tomorrow. For him to want to do that for me he must mean what he says, or he plays a mean hand of poker? I sighed, alright I had over reacted, I hoped.
“No, Alex stop there and finish your business deal. I’m sorry, really I am. I will see you when you get back on Saturday, keep her sorry arse, away from your cute arse. That’s mine, and just mine Alex, I don’t share either.”
“Chloe, are we all right? My Aello has me worked up and restless and I can do nothing about it, being as I am so far from you, do you really love me?” Damn I had said that too, I know the feelings I have for him already, are killing me. I want to believe him.
“Yes, sorry it sort of slipped out, but I think I do Alex. I’m missing you so much, and I’m sorry I didn’t come with you.”
“We have lots of time for talking Chloe, and if it makes you feel less embarrassed about falling in love too soon, I am equally embarrassed also.” Oh hell, did he just say he loved me without saying it? We chat for a while, when I thank him for the room full of flowers and tell him I have hay fever, but I thank him for the thoughtful gifts. Then he has to go, his meetings are late and often involve meetings taking place in bars and clubs. That was why he wanted me to go with him. I tell him maybe when he goes away again, I will try to go with him when and if he asks me again.
I go down for dinner and eat alone, watching the sunset and drinking coke, it no fun drinking alone, but the view from the terrace even at night is beautiful. A smiling and happy Nik joins me. He doesn’t say much at first, then I can’t stop him as he talks about his beloved Alex and the girls, he says it’s nice to see him so happy. He explains what is expected of a Greek wife, and I smile. We haven’t, as yet, got that far, not unless he knows something that I don’t, but having only just started this dating game, I feel that is a way down the line?
“When Lexi makes his mind up about something he is like his father, he’s very headstrong. You dearest Chloe, have him confused, happy and sad all at once.” I ask him why he thinks that, and he reluctantly tells me things I don’t think Alex would willingly volunteer to tell me? “He has only been in love a couple of times and the last girl he was serious about, gave him an ultimatum, marry me or I leave and so she left. She wanted a family and Alex has to be able to give everything to his own family, his time and his love. As it is the girls have taken so much of his time, and well he hasn’t, until he met you, been willing to commit the more needed to give to someone else. that’s why he is so confused, you challenge him and his emotions.
For his godmother and I, this is a pleasing thing to see. You challenge him Chloe, someone who is at last his equal and someone who isn’t afraid to tell him the truth, nor are you just after Alex and his money. As such a lot of the women who throw themselves at him are. But, because you think, that it is all happening too quickly, you doubt his sincerity, but let me tell you, he will move heaven and earth for you and him to work.
I think you too have these misgivings. You are unsure of him, you are confused that this has happened so fast, but love is such a powerful force to be reckoned with. You both think the same of each other and you both have been hurt by others and are afraid to trust this new love, and it is love. I know I am a wise man, we Greeks invented love, the Gods are Greek and powerful, they work best here in Greece, so I think it’s best you don’t leave.” He smiles as he is called to the Santos.
“Two days, and he’s back, give him a chance Chloe? It will be worth it he is a good boy and will treat you right, and you are already all he talks about to anyone. His mother can’t wait to see the girl who has captivated her darling boy. The girls they will be hard ones to win over. I will see you Chloe tomorrow and leave you to your thinking.” He kisses my cheek; he then runs his thumb across my cheek and says a few words in Greek and leaves me. I have learned more about my Demigod now. Two long days and he’s back.
Throughout the two days we spend hours texting, as the meetings he has are boring, he would much rather be having a meeting in my room, or the cove again. Yes, the cove again please? We flirty text all day and well into the night, I get my script next to perfect and the first complete draft is sent. I say good night to Alex as he’s off to another dinner. I cross my fingers and nervously await their replies, and hope the Russian bitch keeps her paws of him too. I have a restless night and I toss and turn all night long. I finally give up trying to sleep and have a bath and read, I fall asleep on the terrace. Waking because the cleaners have only one volume control, loud. After breakfast I am tempted to go on-line again, but I don’t.
I go for a spa treatment instead, at the Santos, when I get there, I am pleasantly surprised, and Alex wasn’t joking it is the identical to the Vasilis, though they have a spa! Err, brain malfunction, that’s why you’re here Chloe. Their spa treatments incorporate a natural volcanic pool, stinky yet apparently very good for you? Along with the warm mud pool which bubbles. It keeps blubbing, as I sit in it and the pops make me giggle, I think I like the bubbles, that’s a good word blubbing Chloe. I sit in it for ages, blubbing to myself as the air pockets exploded to another blub sound. Yep, I definitely too much time on my hands. I sit in this slushy oozing warm mud and chill, I’m told to come out when I fall asleep, too many blubs. I am about to scrape the thick smelly gloop from me, and I am told no…
“You cover yourself in mud, a thick layer of mud, and come here please.” I do, and I look and smell horrid, and as I exit the mud bath, I hastily pull up my tankini, as its full of mud and I look like I have crapped myself, hell I feel like I have too. The irate woman, who has been shouting at me all day, takes me to a stone seated area to dry off in the sun. “Sit here, you dry in sun and I be back soon, you need a drink?”
“Err, yes please, could I have a bottle of water if that’s not too much trouble?” She brings me a bottle of water. I sit and dry out in the sun, and as strange as it seems this is damned relaxing, strange but relaxing. I feel and look like a soldier of the terracotta army. The other guests are laughing as they have their photos taken. I have had a couple done and wait with bated breath to see myself covered in, for the want of a better word, mud pies.
“Miss you are dry please come and wash the mud from your body.” I am with a new girl, because the old trout has left for the day.
I scream arghh, because ouch that was brutal, they were really cold showers and then I finish the process off in a warmer pool. Which are filled with very stinky sulphur waters, yep it’s a bad egg day in here. I do feel less stressed, but have bits of mud everywhere, after a very clean warm water shower, the mud in those strange places is washed away, and even my sex has had mud in it. Perhaps, it too needed a relaxing day? I’m told Alex intends to make me feel loved and appreciated upon his return, so I guess it needs relaxing, oh hell I am a sex mad fiend...
I am definitely relaxed, as I move on to the different treatments, my hair has some sort of thing in it, my nails are buffed and polished and I have a massage, with a very nice young lady. I liked the look of the male model who was first sent over, but he gets a call and he is replaced. She made me feel like I had died and gone to heaven, oh hell I was so relaxed, and then in the beat of my heart, it all changed. She said something, but I’m too relaxed to hear her and then I get the shock of my bloody life, the nice young lady pummelled the life out of me, and I’m convinced it’s because she may fancy Alex, is she seeking her revenge on me? I get this wrong too… It’s a Turkish massage. I think I’ll stick to the Greek ones from now on. I draw the line at the next massage, which incorporates being flogged with olive branches. I leave decidedly more relaxed when it is all over.
As I head back, I snap away with my camera, where I take even more photos from the place Alex first suggested, and he’s right the views are exceptional. I go back and have dinner, I’m asked to join Dion, for a time on the piano and we spend a couple of hours playing and singing duets, before I go for dinner with Uncle Nik, who has sat and listened to me sing an Enya song on the piano, as Dion took a break. I finish as he comes back to Nik clapping, and me saying goodnight.
We don’t eat in the hotel, Nik instead we drive to a local taverna, so I sat nervously in the jeep as we head to what seems like the other side of the island, where I see a typical Greek bar is on the beach, and the bar stretches out on to it. The company here is in the main locals, who are resting after work. I am introduced, many voices say hello in Greek, obviously and kalispera is something Alex had said to me before, a few speak to me in English too. I listen to the language spoken. This should be easy to pick up. They bring me local wine and food straight from the traditional Greek clay oven.
The holidaymakers are eating here but are on the beach sat at tables, were the waves lap at their feet. We are under the trellis, vines are trailing through it and the swifts are flying in and out of their nests, which are above and in-between the rafters. I duck as they seem to be dive bombing me. I chat to Nik and he asks is everything all right now between Alex and me? I answer truthfully, and he laughs. It seems Alex said the same as me when he asked him too. We were both confused, and missing each other and neither of us it seems, are sure why it had happened so fast and why we had fallen so stupidly in love with each other?
I listened as the local band played whist Uncle Nik and I ate. I asked him why he had not married yet. I was given the look, which Alex told me I would get. He was a bachelor, who loved being single, but he also loved Stella very much. I laughed and said maybe if he wasn’t so busy with Alex’s love life perhaps, he could concentrate on his own? He laughed and said possibly and that he would wait until Alex and I are married… I choked on the olive I was trying. I quickly explained that I wasn’t ready to marry again, not after getting it so wrong the first time.
We, I think after the late evening knew a little more about each other, and as he drove me back, he sung in Greek. I need to learn this language, if only to know what they are all saying about me. I’m dropped off at gone one in the morning, as Uncle Nik goes to his villa to sleep and I head to my room, knowing a little more of Alex. I reply to the countless messages from Alex, he tells me it’s all to be signed in the morning, and he will see me later tomorrow. I cannot wait to see him these five days have turned into forever. He then phones my room and we talk for hours.
At last, Alex is due home later… I slept well into the morning, having had a wonderful night chatting to both Nik and Alex. Last night’s chat had been the easiest we’d had in the whole time he had been gone. The screenplay was coming along quickly too, and I’d had my last draft accepted and with a few tweaks, it was nearly finished. It was flying onto the screen with a greatness of ease. The book was well written, and it made things easy to transfer to a script. I lose myself in it for hours. Their sexual adventures, and erotic behaviour was not something I wanted to try for myself, but I needed to have sex and I wanted it like now. It had never bothered me before, but now I’d had it and with Alex, I now missed it. I turn my thoughts back to reading the book, damn, it draws you in time after time and a five minute read, can last all day.
Before the various scripts can go to printing, we have to run it all by legal. I also do them a list of the songs to be used in the film. I do the list for them, as I have to write into the script the many songs Gerri had picked. I thought that’s why they have a musical director, but good ole Geri though says the music she picked is music to fuck too. I suddenly start giggling like a teenager as they dance to Crazy, by Miss Patsy.
Why had I not noticed that song before? Was it why I played it that night for Alex? That too will become a hit album. As are the toys used by Daniel and Abby, those have been wiped clean from adult stores and from stores everywhere, this has become the biggest selling book in recent history, so the film is massive at the moment and the press and news are going hyper for any titbits of info, they can debate on everything, from who should direct it, to the stars they think should be playing the roles.
My shock is that Simon is still one of the front runners in the lead role. I had a conversation with Gerri and we both agree he could play a part in the film, but as Toby, Daniel’s main competitor. He is more age appropriate for that and that character is bisexual, he could play that as long as there are no scenes with naked women. We spend hours discussing Alex and she agreed I should take it day by day. Besides, I’m going to LA for the whole of next month. That will be a test and one I am dreading. I have missed him and more than I thought I would, it can’t just be the sex, or can it?


~*A*~


Waking up, and she is laid in my arms, I feel complete? She sighs as I move to take a shower. I have to be off in two hours and still have to pack and do the last few bits and pieces. Stella has made all the hotel bookings and done the transfers for me. I am going to ask Chloe again to come with me. I wash away last night’s sweat and sex; we had the best night of making love, I feel like this is leading to more, much more, perhaps even marriage? I don’t think she would, not just yet, but I have never felt like this with anyone apart from Alicia. She though chose to leave me for another man, when I couldn’t or wouldn’t ask her to marry me.
Chloe joins me for a shower, as I wash her and caress her everything starts to fall into place, she is the one for me her. She is the one I want to commit to. I didn’t think of the others like this at all, all the others were nothing compared to her. Those were the girls in a few of the photos Chloe was looking at, and the memories of her crept back in for a second. Alicia did make me happy, yet after almost two years, I still couldn’t commit myself to her, but after these mere few days with Chloe I’m seriously thinking about it. She makes me come alive when she talks, it’s not business like or money orientated, it isn’t what she can get out of life for herself with all the wealth she has amassed, though she didn’t tell me she was a millionaire, she did say the money she had was too much for anyone person, and she would like to help others less fortunate with it. 
Her needs always seem to come second to those of others. She has said living with Simon, who was afraid to come out and having had to live a lie and watch as he suffered in silence, had made her want to help others in his situation, and she is looking at working with a charity to help children, yes children. This is her greatest need, to help those children and teenagers who are thrown out of their homes just for being gay.
She was horrified and shocked, that any parent would do that to a child. She wouldn’t do that to any child of hers. As she said that I saw the sadness, she did mention she and Simon had tried for children with no luck, but I did not push her to explain. Hearing her talk with Gerri shocked me, to hear I had just taken her virginity was a jaw dropping moment, and then the realisation that I was her first, it took my breath away. This was something I have never done before, maybe that’s why I feel so close to her? Maybe that is why I think we are meant to be together? As we step out of the shower, I ask her again...
“Aello, do you want to come with me? I can arrange it, just say the word.” I cross my fingers and hope she has changed her mind.
“I have to get the first couple of drafts done, please don’t worry about me. I will have plenty to do, please just hurry back.” Worry I will, because she has me captivated, this had Nik laughing, I had found my perfect woman at last, and she was a guest at the hotel, somewhere I never expected to find it.
“I don’t want to go now, but I have too. Chloe was last night all right for you?” I smile I know she liked it, she told me she loved me in her sleep, as I lay and watched her.
“Last night was absolutely, positively the best I have ever had in my life thank you. Not that I have anything to compare it to being there’s only ever been you Alex, but yes it was, thank you Alex. Now get that Demigod backside out of my room. I’ll get dressed and walk you to the car, and then I’m spending the day doing the script.”  
Leaning into her for a kiss, she returns it with a sigh, I think I am a little soft on my lover, our kisses are sweet, light, and loving and this is all I want to do all day every day. I want to stay with her, and never leave the bedroom, but no I drag my backside out of her rooms and bump into Nik, doing the room checks.
“Alex. We have rules; there is no sleeping with the guests for a reason, my boy, what if all the staff did this, you lead from the top son, tutt, tutt, tutt.” I blush. I actually blush as my godfather catches me in a bathrobe leaving her room, with last night’s clothes in my arms.
“Nik, that woman is I think my future wife… I haven’t told her yet though and I know the rules very well, and this is an exception to the rules, I need you to forget you saw me coming out of her room. Can you keep an eye on her for the next few days make sure she eats, as she tends to forget? She also wants to go scuba diving; can you book her in with the boys for tomorrow, please? I will see you before I go, as I need help with something on Saturday.” I want to ask her to marry me, too soon perhaps, but this exceptional woman. I don’t want to lose, I won’t lose her, I can’t lose her, no I can’t, that solves that then. She is the one, no questions, no doubts, she will be the one. She will be my wife.
Before he can question me, I dash into my room, throwing my clothes in the laundry bag. I pack the travel bag and put my suits in the suit bag. I wanted her to come with me, if only to join me at night and help de stress me, which she does so amazingly well. I knock on her door and she follows me down to the car, but before we hit the ground floor, I stopped the lift and I made love to her, such was my need to have her one last time. I smile as she surrenders to me. That was the most hurried I have ever made love, she giggles like a young girl, embarrassed at what we did, it needed to be quick because Nik was out there with the keys.
As she kisses me goodbye, it’s as if I’m abandoning her. I sigh as we pull out of sight of the hotel, when I arrive at the airport my jet is ready and I find to my delight that my crew have had an enjoyable stay at the Hotel Santos and tell me it is fantastic. Rejuvenated and ready to go they wax lyrical about the place, all great words to hear, though I don’t hear them properly because my thoughts are about Chloe. It’s a three hour short flight, most of it I spent on Google, discovering things about my future wife.
We pull up to the hotel in the car they have sent to collect me, and there is a flurry of activity as they rush to pander to my needs. They are told to stop and concentrate on the other guests because I am able to take my own luggage in. The assistant they have sent is a tall and leggy blonde; she is soon replaced with a male assistant. I must remember to put that in my memos my girlfriend is not overly fond of tall, leggy blondes, one photo with her will leave my Aello mad as hell.
After a quick phone call, I tell her I’m here and safe, though we’re not good at the talking on phones yet, it all seems awkward, understandably. So, I send her a text asking for a Skype date later, and for her to be naked and in front of her laptop when I call. She texts back almost immediately, if I do a strip first, she will consider it. We exchange texts for an age, all sexy and flirty.
‘Do you fancy Skype sex later please Alex?’
‘It has to be better than no sex. So, yes please Aello!’ The text leads me into the conference in a very good mood, because all I’m thinking of is seeing her naked body on my laptop, I wonder if I can record our sessions for something to replay? Stop, too much Alexander I tell myself as I grin. Stella has organised everything so well, it’s then when I wonder what do I do when she and Nik want to retire?
I may have to have my wife organise my days for me, there’s a thought to keep us together all the time, she could come and work for me, under me and with me. I head into the first of three meetings today, as final plans are ready to be signed over, we head to celebrate and as we leave the last meeting a dinner in my honour by the Chinese, I am accosted by a drunken Natasha Andropov, a Russian underwear model, one I have had the misfortune to be linked with in the past, but nothing could be further from the truth.
When I finally get back to the hotel, it’s time for Skype sex. The strip went well, at first, I was nervous and a little embarrassed, but her words of encouragement eased the taking off of the clothes, I’m at last naked and take a bow and I am now sitting waiting for her part, as the line goes dead… Argh damn it, there is a power cut on her side, just when it was getting good too. After a quick phone call in which we both agree to try it again tomorrow, I need immediate relief in the shower, wow I laugh, I actually stripped and danced for my lover, and as I do I sigh, already she has me doing things I have never done before, I want her with me when I go away again.
I have yet another busy day, I have no time to call her as this is the most important day the finances are being discussed, and besides Chloe is diving with my cousins today. I Hope she will find it enjoyable, or else she will let me know. I send her a text like a lovesick puppy. I have had a long, expensive and very busy day. The last thing I needed was another drunken night out with the Chinese delegates, but it is all part of the course, the last night meetings and the unsociable hours and most are held in nightclubs with the foreign dignitaries, their excuse to let their hair down. The delegates are being entertained, and with them again Natasha, who is falling all over the place, she makes a grab for me again, but my security takes her back to her hotel.
I miss Chloe, all I do is think about her, Stella tells me this is love of the good kind, and to hang on to her. She cannot wait to see her. I arrange for flowers sent to her room every couple of hours, hopefully it would drive her mad. I need to be in her mind, every second of the hour. Looking at the flowers will do that, I hope, because I missed Chloe and hope she is missing me. I know she is all I think about, all I talk about. I get great sense of pride when the delegates ask if I am married?
I proudly say I am dating a girl who I am considering marrying, if she would allow it. I have a warm feeling knowing that nobody else has touched her that way. If I have my way nobody else ever will. We’ve talked more in the short time we had together than I ever did with Alicia, this is why she is different, we communicate and make love better. I laugh to myself, as I remember the last time we were together, sooooo long ago, this meeting has dragged on and on…
Waking in the morning though she doesn’t respond to her text, nor her phone, her room phone is busy constantly, it starts to get me worried. I haven’t heard from her so send Nik to her room. He phones back and warns me she is in a foul mood, he tells me why, and I am shocked she thinks I am dating someone here, how? He tells me not to be stupid, this one is the right one, and he has told her I will explain, but explain what? She has agreed to take my phone call, thanks to Nik. I phone and as she begins her rant with me, she tells me she loves me, she actually said the words I love you and I am too shocked to tell her I love her too. As the explanations and insecurities raise their heads again.
I do as she asks, and look at the images and okay yes, they are very damming photos. I give her the full tale, she listens and as I ask her does she need me to come home, she says no. I hope she knows I will do. Well, I hope she knows I will? She is calmed for a while, and at last relaxes more as we chat, I laugh as she tells me off. We chat as she calms down, hell, I need her in my arms and in my bed. She thanks me for the flowers, but tells me she has hay fever? Oh, note to Alex, no flowers. 
We have two days of great texts and calls, and I can’t wait for the longest ever week to end. She has had an evening with Nik, and I’m actually envious of their time spent together, he’d phoned and told me we think exactly the same way about things. Chloe too is asking him now when does he think he will marry? He makes me laugh as he tells me he told her, when we are married, he will consider it and again I wonder if it is too soon? We chatted until the early hours on the last night and I cannot wait to see her again. The phone calls are at last, easier and sexier.
I have to admit I am glad it was working out well, because I had jumped the gun a little and I had already made several trips to Bulgari here in Geneva and I’d picked several emerald cut diamonds to be made into the perfect ring for the woman who trod on my foot a week ago today. I paid the requested amount and smiled, Mitéra will die when she finds out I spent well over two million euros on a ring, for a woman I met at the airport and bedded the day after I met her! Even I am surprised at how quickly it happened. They will courier it to the Bulgari store in Athens, where I will be picking up the girl’s rings and I will, with the help of Nik propose to Chloe in our cove, which at this very moment is being readied for the night after the party. She first has to meet the ladies in my life and there are plenty. I laugh to myself she is going to have sore hips and a bottom to match…
We sign the final papers in an hour and then I go to pick my girls up to show her my Aello, they love the name. They are already packed, and their gowns and shoes have arrived, and they tell me they are stunning, classy and they are very beautiful. They can’t wait for the party and to meet Chloe, being teased about one’s love life by them is funny. They tell my mother of our conversation, she is in the background fuming, because the ladies on Christos have already been on the phone gossiping about Chloe, telling Mitéra she is a beautiful girl and she is just what I need. My mother is very emotional, and is afraid I will no longer love her, if I have a girlfriend. She is very smothering in her love for me and the girls, especially after losing my father. I am her world and I am being guilt tripped again. I think she too will adore Chloe, but she has to, because I do.
I have already packed and am heading to my waiting car, when I am approached on my way out by yet another Russian model. This one is different; she needs my help. I listen and though not entirely sure if it’s the best thing to do, I help. I am to take Natasha to Athens. A jet is waiting there to pick her up with a nurse on board, and from there it will take her home. Her pimp and drug dealer boyfriend has made plans to have her videoed having sordid sex with many of her father’s enemies and all in one session.
He is getting thousands from all of them to screw her too. He apparently will be shown the videos, when he challenges any of their dealings. The pimp will also blackmail her into giving him more of her money and she has no idea of the plans he has made for her. What a wonderful world for her to be mixing in and one I can help her worried friend Olga to get her out off. She has been overdosed by him to keep her compliant for the evening’s entertainment, but I am assured she will be fine and will sleep, he has given her so many drugs she’s at the point of near unconsciousness and will be easily handled by my airline staff, she assures me.
He’d left her alone and in a near comatose state, he thinks she’s safely locked away, whilst he delivers his clients their drugs. Olga with the help of a couple of her friends managed to get her safely out of the building they shared and into the airport hotel, Olga’s friends are watching her closely to await my reply. If the pimp sees the plane she normally uses he will know she is there, it will be the first place he looks. She makes a quick phone call after I agree to help her and as she arrives, they bring her to my plane in a wheelchair.
Drugged to the eyeballs I fear for her health and safety. Helped by my flight attendants to the smaller of the bedrooms, I worry and have her looked in on every few minutes, luckily for me Hellene is a trained nurse and is on the crew for today and is capable of looking after her, my cabin crew are top people and are, it has to be said, the people I see the most, so they know me well and are good at their jobs. I worry less when Hellene says she should just sleep for the entire journey.
Once she is settled in Olga disappears to cover Natasha’s modelling contracts, telling them she is ill. Mid-flight I go to shower and change and Natasha stumbles in catching me getting dressed and laughs. I pull up my trousers fast as the Hellene apologises and takes her back. An hour later Hellene shows me something that rocks me to the core.
“Sir, can I show you this?” She is showing me a video she has just taken of Natasha doing drugs in the bathroom and carries on until she passes out on the floor in there. She is alive but wasted. We put her back on the bed and await the hand over at Athens. I am angry, and I order the plane to be fully checked and cleaned when we land, looking for drugs. Natasha was checked on arrival, she was I was assured not carrying anything, so God knows where she had them hidden? I have a copy of the video and delete Hellene’s copy. Her nurse and security team collect her, and they are told she is too high to fly, so she is being checked into a clinic here in Athens for a few days. I cannot be bothered with her now, as I have done my bit.
I head home to Mitéra’s and yes, my mother is eager to see Chloe too. I have a business deal to sort out at head office first and I need to pick up Stella too. I also have to pick up the girl’s gifts from my father, from the bank. They are to get gold lockets with their names engraved on this year, he has left gifts for them until they are twenty-one, then on that day they inherit their share of the Kaminis Hotel chain, a day I cannot wait for. This year they are going to learn their secret too. Something I have been dreaded telling them for the past five years, he left that killer blow with me to sort out, after stating in his will that within a month of their turning sixteen, they were to be told the truth and are to learn everything. I still have a month.
Work is done, and I head into town to pick up the girl’s gifts from the jewellers my father used here in Athens. Bulgari, it seems I have spent a fair bit of time in jewellers these past few days. I look at the two rings and smile my girls are growing up too quickly and will soon be helping me run the empire my father and his father before him. Then I go back to Mitéra’s and wow the house is full of girls screaming. The limousine comes for them, their security is still tight around them and neither one is looking forward to the ride to the airport, they are the twins Tobias and Thomas Yezhov, two of the most important men in their lives, men who my father hired and are very loyal to me and the girls and to my father’s memory.
Tobias has already taken Depon for his headache. The rest of the family and me are driven to the airport separately. Poor Thomas, he is in there with them, and Tobias is secretly relieved as his head can’t take much more. Stella is questioning me about Chloe, whilst my mother listens in. She is still wary that Chloe will come between us, as she has never seen me this animated about a girl before. I tell them both I’m sure she is the one. After a half hour flight, we are shuttled in the newly serviced coaches to the villa, it is now free from my friend and his children and it is being readied for the party.
The planner is in full control, hired because I don’t need the headache. The flight was loud and excitable, the villa has yet more of their friends from here on the island taking up residence, they are already in the villa awaiting their arrival. I have a greater need to see to first, I need one little ladie’s company and soon. They drop me off at the hotel because I have missed Chloe far more than I thought would be possible. I will see them later at the party. I get there, and she is sunbathing on the roof, what a truly wonderful sight for my tired eyes… My Aello… Nearly naked and wet...


Chapter 7:


Uncle Nik, as I now call him, has made sure I ate and drank, sending food to my room and to the pool. He is making sure I look after myself, all at Alex’s request I suspect? I want a quiet afternoon, after the late night and busy morning. Tonight, is going to be hectic, what with all his relatives to meet, and never having had relatives, apart from Polly and her parents, I am a little worried. I am told too that Greeks are very family orientated and the spoiling of their children is normal, so I do worry about whether the twins will like me or hate me. Though Nik assures me they are far from spoilt, they are wonderful girls, who Alex and he love dearly. Still I worry they could hate me and then Alex would hate me, then there’s his mother. I feel sick just thinking about her, he’s an only child and I would think she’s highly protective of him, as my parents were with me.
I am sunbathing before Alex gets here later. The stress having him in my life has caused and in such a short time too, has been unbelievable. My man may be a Demigod, but it’s bloody hard work his being so drop dead gorgeous and stinking rich. Of course, the girls swarm to him like bees to honey. I am suddenly disturbed from my thoughts by a waiter…
“Excuse me Ms Denton, Mr Kaminis has ordered me to give you this drink, and he asked we inform you will be landing soon.” Stood in the bright sunlight, she cannot see me clearly. She blinks and takes the drink thanking me. “He also says can you be waiting naked on the bed for him, he has his needs to be met, sorry about this but he also said he means to have you wet and screaming his name before dinner, as he promised you.” I thought she would think it was funny. She almost choked on her drink and pushed me into the pool. I won’t be doing that again in a hurry.
“Alex Kaminis, you are without a doubt a romantic bastard.” I go to the edge to help him out laughing, as he looks up at me takes my offered hand, smiles and he then pulls me in screaming.
“Miss me much then Aello? I thought you’d said you wanted to be wet when I got home. I didn’t think this is what you meant or was it?” I could do nothing but laugh as he pulled me in for a kiss.
“Well, if we didn’t have an audience, I may have rectified the obvious sign you have missed me Alex. Come on we have some catching up to do.” He climbed out and then helped me out. I’d missed him more than I though and after collecting my things, we headed to my room, we were dripping water along the marbled floors to my room. The clothes we stripped off on the way to the bedroom, all between frantic kisses. Finally, we are rolling naked on the bed, those few days now seemed like weeks since I saw him last. I’d had two days of rewrites and two reads of the book with no Bob for company and Alex’s Skype sex sessions made missing him far worse.
I needed him, there was no time for foreplay for either of us. I straddled him slowly as he lifted me onto him. This caused him to go deep within me and boy he felt good. I continued riding him hard moving up and down and crying out in sheer pleasure. He caressed and played with my breast, my orgasm was building to the point of a high, loud and crude vocal euphoric scream. I tried to hold back the sounds coming from my very rude mouth, but his giving me multiple orgasms made that an impossibility. Especially when he massaged the tender nub and I couldn’t hold back any longer.
I was coming hard and fast, then wow I came, he made me erupt like a pent-up volcano. I stilled on top of him, but this time it felt different, wow we are never going five days without sex, ever again, not if I get all five days missed orgasms in the first hour. He rolled over and he continued the onslaught of my body, not allowing me to rest as he slid in me and out of me, until he too needed release.
“I need to come, Chloe have you come, please? Oh hell, yes oh God yes there you go Baby again, Aello yes, again yes, hell yes.” He exploded within me and screamed my name as he slammed into me until he stilled. God that felt different, it was different, it was all that and more! My fingers dragged down his back, and I was defiantly umming again. He rolled over to take the condom off and the feeling of why it was different was quickly explained.
“Oh hell, the bloody thing snapped or has a tear. You could be pregnant Chloe.” I sat in shock.
“I didn’t think to take precautions, Alex I’m so sorry I should have.” He looked visibly upset. I don’t panic, because he was doing enough panicking for the two of us, he wouldn’t look at me. Oh hell, the chances are slim to nothing of there being anything there to worry about. I couldn’t get pregnant before and that was with the hormones and stuff they pumped into me.
“Alex, relax, please. I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about. I haven’t been able to conceive in the past twelve months. I was told I couldn’t conceive naturally. That point, I would have needed to tell you about later on. If we go down this road more, I will need help in having your child and as you want children, you may not want me damaged that way. According to Uncle Nik, you do, so it might be a big problem with me Alex. Please don’t worry, I cannot get pregnant and I doubt I ever will?” That wasn’t a lie, Diana my doctor had wanted me to have tests done just before I came away, as she’d had the results from my American Gynaecologist and agreed I had no chance of having a child naturally.
“Chloe, I’m sorry I’m not ready to be a father yet, but I do want children, just not right this minute, not right now. We can wait and get you all checked out properly, they never said you couldn’t have children Chloe, just that it would be hard right?” He leant down for a kiss as I nodded, and he climbed in the bed with me.
I nestled as close to him as I could. As he ran his fingers over my body, our afternoon of making love marred by that one slip, thankfully the other condoms held together, or he would have been sorely pissed off with blue balls. He went to change though he was still angry at the failure of the condom, he agreed it was unlikely we had created life. Even he isn’t that good to do what drugs, IVF and AI cannot do, knock me up.
I’m getting out of the bath, when he came in looking just like that hot Greek model, the same one whose foot I’d pierced with my shoe heel, only now he’s sat on my bed looking every inch like a hunky God and one who is now pulling me to him and is kissing me, there it was at last a smile on my man’s face, the same smile he had when I turned and saw him ogling my bum as he helped me on the bus only days ago. What a difference a few days makes…
“Can you choose a dress because I can’t, I want to wear all three.” He picked the white one. He smiles, he watches as I dried my hair, curled it and did the Hollywood make up. I slipped on the sexy underwear, as I did, he sighed.
“I look forward to taking that off later Aello.” Helping me on with the dress, I felt damn sexy, if he says I look pretty, he’s heading for the pool again. “You look so beautiful Chloe.” He helped me on with my jewellery. The look was complete as I grabbed my bag and the girl’s bags. He smiled as I picked them up.
“I got them something, that’s all right isn’t it?” He nodded and kissed me again, smiling as his hand wandered.
“You look very pretty and elegant, Chloe white suits you. Aello I love you so much, whatever happens tonight remember that, because my family are a little err, what’s the word, vocal and the elder women can be a little judgmental, so relax and enjoy it knowing I love you please? Are you ready to meet the family?” I wasn’t, I was damned nervous and I’m feeling sick with worry, but heck I went anyway. The car came to pick us up, on the way there he smiled held my hand and he too looked nervous.
“I love you too and hope I don’t let you down Alex.” He leant over and kissed me, so sweetly, then feverishly and yet so tenderly, how does he do that, has he got magic lips?
“You could never do that Chloe, here we are, my home.” We pulled up to the villa and wow, it was massive. 
The gates were opened, and we were ushered in. The party was in full swing when we got there. Alex stepped out of the car and opened my door and we are greeted by a bank of paparazzi… I panic, before Alex explained who they were, I wasn’t for getting out of the damn car, they were in fact the hotel’s photographers, pretending to be paparazzi for the girls. I recognised the spa photographer. It was true Hollywood glitz and glamour, complete with the red carpet to the door. He really had pulled out all the stops into making this a wonderful night for his girls. 
When we are inside, Alex walks me into a rather large sitting room. All the things had been removed to make room for the party, unless this is how they have their lounge, filled with cream tables and chairs with big pink bows. It all looked so pretty. Alex leads me into yet another room. This room is filled with young people, all in sumptuous ball gowns and tuxedoes. They are so smart and most look like they are enjoying it.
He leads me to another room and to a table and a woman who I can only presume is his mother, as she gets up and grabs me tightly, she grabs, yes grabs me away from Alex and hugs me tightly, kissing my cheeks and smiling. She said something to Alex and then proceeded to drag me off again. I’m being man handled and he is laughing. She pulled me into yet another room, this one is a room full of ancient Greeks.
Yes, that sounded corny but there’s are a fair few old people in here. I turned and mouthed help and he only shrugged his broad shoulders and gave me that killer grin he has, though he followed us in, he was still laughing.
“This is Alex’s girlfriend at last he brings a girl to meet the family.” She does speak English then, I had to wonder. Every elderly woman grabs me, prods, and pokes at me, oh heck. The game plan with the old dears seems to be that they take my bum in their hands, work their hands up my body and they get back to my backside, then they give it a firm squeeze. All of which Alex watches and all the time I am looking at him pleading with him to rescue me. They introduced me to his great grandmother, grandmother, aunties and uncles, most of whom didn’t speak English, and I didn’t speak Greek, so we smiled a lot. He at last came to rescue me.
“Finally, you rescue me, do you know my backside is raw your aunts were feeling my backside and hips, care to explain why?” He laughed.
“To see if you can bear me a child. I know, don’t look at me like that, they say you have good childbearing hips though, so Chloe no worries.” Oh, a room full of Greek gynaecologists. “My sister has gone to pick a friend up and will be here soon, it’s a surprise apparently? Come over here with me Aello, my girls are over there.” 
They’d stopped dancing by the disco set up around the pool area, the pool is complete with a bridge over it with giant lilies and the green pads and candles floating in the pool below. It all looked so pretty with all the floating tea lights and with the Chinese paper lights gently swaying in the warm breeze, they hung everywhere. Out here looked oriental and pretty. Then two girls are suddenly seen running over the bridge, I presume to greet their uncle. With hugs and screams of delight at their magical party, my suspicions are proved right. However, the conversation was in Russian, which I thought was rather odd thing to be doing for three Greek people? They told him I was beautiful and that he was to marry this one. I blushed as I listened. He passed them a box each, which when they opened them, they cried over them. This was apparently from Alex’s father, their grandfather. A beautiful gold locket, then Alex gave them his gift, matching rings with sixteen diamonds in gold, so pretty too. I give them my gifts, as they open them, I’m suddenly very nervous.
“Oh wow, thank you Chloe. These are cool, thank you, thank you.” I’m hugged within an inch of my life again, this time they don’t grab my ass.
I guess they are the cool gifts to give then. They compare charms and Alex helps them on with them. It seems we both bought jewellery for the girls. They run off to show their friends. Alex takes me to one side and kisses me. His Uncle Stavros sees us and says something to Alex in Greek. I really need to learn the language. He takes my hand and leads me to the dance floor, are we going to throw plates? I always fancied doing a bit of that, and I did watch Zorba the Greek, with Anthony Quinn, on pay per view in the hotel, when I booked the holiday, a little prep work.
I watched them for the traditional Greek dances. Polly and I danced them in the hotel room as we ate the takeaway. We were shit hot and pissed as farts, so danced it perfectly. I am stone cold sober and about to Greek dance in front of a captive audience of Greek natives, shit I’m screwed, smiling as I do, and all watched by my stud of a boyfriend.
“Come we are dancing Chloe. That is a Greek name you know, and it is another name for Demeter.” I nod.
“She is the goddess of the harvest I believe. It means young green shoot.” He smiles and takes me to dance. Alex follows like a watchdog.
“She has a Greek heart, this one Alexander, I like very much.” We are in yet another room that leads to a massive terrace, which is hovering over the cliffs and looks out to sea. There are two massive barbeques set up, and a whole lamb and goat are cooking. The Greek music starts, and Uncle Stavros is the lead dancer. The twins holding my hands, tell me it is the Syrtos. We danced in a curving line holding hands, facing right. The dancer at the right end of the line is the leader, that was Uncle Stavros and he dances the dance well. He does something with the hankie twisting it with the next dancer. Everyone, including the girls seems to be enjoying the festivities, and after following them in two dances, much to his amusement, Alex rescues me again.
“Aello come with me please?” He leads me through a maze of rooms. We get to a bedroom and he shuts the door. He takes me in his arms and kisses me.
“I think you’re overdressed for what I want to do to you.”
“Umm you are definitely overdressed. Does the Demigod need a hand?” He slips my dress down and gently lowers me to his bed.
“No, this is going to be quick really quick, if that’s all right with you?” He kisses my neck and plays with my breasts, taking them out and playing with them. I groan as he bites harder, treating both equally. He unzips himself and I hear the now familiar rip of the foil pack and he puts on a condom, he pushes my panties to the side and penetrates me in one swift movement, gasping as he does. “Chloe, I love you. Oh Aello, I need you...” I have him in my arms, holding him, searching out his mouth.
“I love you too Alex, now shush, I’m coming oh hell Alexander, yes keep doing that please. Will your guest be able to hear us Alex?” He laughs as I shout out his name. 
“No, Chloe this bedroom is carved into the mountain side, so the walls are thick, the door is sound proofed too, so Aello scream away… Argh, wow yes Baby come for me again. We don’t have too long Mitéra will be coming to look for us soon.” I kiss him as we enjoy the closeness.
Damn he wasn’t quick at all and hell, it was nice. He slides in and then takes himself out, not all the way, then a dynamic jolt in and almost all the way out, again and again. He is now pounding into me and I love it, but the feelings were killing me, the need for more and more as I came. I couldn’t take much more of this pleasurable pain, but I needed and wanted more. Talk about dazed and confused, the feelings multiplied as I heard our skin thud together, then that feeling again that this was different, but Alex was oblivious, and he kissed and fucked me hard.
“Oh... hell, yes, yes I’m there. I’m there Baby yes, yes, yes arghhhh.” He let out a loud feral noise and we came together, as I cried his name again. He collapsed on top of me kissing me on the neck nipping behind my lobe and apologised. “Not very romantic Chloe, but I needed you so badly. Oh, and my relatives love you too, by the way.” He was still inside me when I gave him the news.
“Alex, can I ask you something, where did you get the last lot of condoms from?” He looked puzzled.
“Why?” He was going to be a whole lot angrier.
“I can feel you in me again.”
“They were from my old supply in the hotel. I will get fresh ones for later, are you all right Chloe?” Taking himself out, this one too had split. He shook his head in disbelief. 
“We can visit the doctor in the morning and get the morning after pill.” I was horrified. If I were pregnant, I wasn’t getting rid of anything.
“I hardly think there’s a chance in that Alex as I said, I have faulty plumbing, so the aunts are more than likely wrong. Alex, I don’t think I can have children, and you want them. Alex I’m damaged, that’s why Simon looked elsewhere, he too needed children and I failed him, you want a family that I can never give you too. You will leave me too.”
“I do, but we can get you the best help if that’s what you want my daring, don’t fret. We have been together for all but a few days, there’s time for that later, are you sure we don’t need to get this thing dealt with tomorrow?”
“No, I couldn’t get caught with help, and I hardly think I can do it normally, shit what a conversation to be having when we have only just met.”
“We may have just met, but I for one am glad we can talk about these things, so shush. I am sorry for the erm, mess. Let me clean you up, and we need to re-join the party, they will be sending out a search party, our quickie has been over an hour.”
“Bragging Kaminis?” I joked as he smiled and shrugged his shoulders, then he disposed of the offending item. He helped me clean between my legs with a warm flannel, kissing me as he did so. “Carry on and we will be here another hour Alex.” He laughed and helped me back on with the dress as I sorted out my hair and makeup. With a full house of Greek relatives, looking like we had just had sex was not the look I was going for. Just fucked hair… Not a good look.
“Give me a minute Aello.” I ummed as I looked at the room, it was very classy. He liked fine things and the bed was as comfortable as the ones in the hotel. The room was in fact overlooking the bay. Where we made love all day and it was not overlooked, he was right, but there was now a cabana on the beach and activity down there. Strange, are they having a party down there too? The villa was deep in the mountainside. That’s why it was so cool in here. It wasn’t overlooked either, he was right. I came back inside and looked at the photos. They were of his family and at the back a blonde girl, I’d seen her somewhere with him before? I picked it up and looked at it, just as he came back in the room. He looked shocked.
“I haven’t been back here since last year Chloe, it’s an old photo.” He took it out of the frame and tore it into pieces. “Alicia was very dear to me Chloe, but you are so very different from her and do things to me she never did, you are very different, and you are the one I want in my life. Please believe me Chloe she is nowhere near as wonderful as you.”
“Did you mean what you said Alex?” He smiled.
“I wondered how long it would take you before you asked, was it just slip in the midst of great, yet quick sex. How can I know I love you, am I sure, are we rushing this?”
“Well, did you mean it when you said it?”
“Yes, I do I love you, in the strangest, stupidest way ever, and don’t ask me to explain, because I can’t? It was the strangest feeling ever when I first met you. It was as if we have always known each other and you had found me again. I have never had these feelings, never in my whole life have I been so sure of anything in my whole life. The excitement I feel about being in love with you is hard to explain. My beautiful stranger, the same one who trod on my foot, not watching where she was going, is mine and for as long as she will have me, is forever too long? Is that answer enough, my darling Chloe?” I didn’t answer I couldn’t the tears came instead, as he kissed me.
“Oh, Alexander, I love you too, very much, and I thank God I wasn’t watching where I was going, instead of watching where I had been. Alex I can’t believe it either.” We went back to the party as he held me tightly in his arms. The party was in full swing when we re-joined them. The girls were pulling me to dance and enjoying everything. They knew I was from Hollywood, how I didn’t know, maybe they had asked Alex about me? They asked what it was like.
“Full of false tans, boobs and teeth, butt implants, Botox, designer dogs and that’s just the men. It’s not all glitz and glamour, there are some horrid things there too. The film sets are amazing, and the film studios are gigantic, some are big enough to house a city in them. Mine though, is just a small part of a bigger one. Still I got lost twice. I asked loads of showgirls, a cowboy, a superhero, and several cartoon characters, to help me find my office on my first day. I like you, was mesmerised by it all, but it’s really hard work to make it there. Their streets aren’t paved with gold, and not everyone makes it there, but when your Uncle Alex visits his hotels there, get him to bring you and I will show you around.” They laughed and enjoyed themselves, I looked on as they were frantically waving their hands in the direction of a woman and I presumed her to be their mother, as they ran to her showing her their gifts. She looked at me and came across, I thought to welcome me, oh how wrong was I?
“I don’t believe he brought his mistress to my children’s party. I have never been so embarrassed. He has done it this time and his girlfriend has just arrived to surprise him. She was resting overnight in her hotel. He brought her all the way from Geneva to be here too. I think though the surprise is yours, judging by the looking on your face? Might I suggest you leave? No, I’m telling you to leave not asking. She has gone to wait for him in his room. She is freshening up before she meets the girls, so leave before you cause a scene for my girls to witness, on this their birthday.” I looked at her in horror. He really had brought a girl here, sorry, girlfriend. After that beautiful speech, he just gave me, even wiping away both our tears after it.
Had he brought the woman from the photos in Geneva here on his jet, to be with him at their birthday party? He’d asked me before he left on his trip to come as his date, he picked me up tonight and he had me as his date, so why bring her? Why am I here? Why is the room closing in, are these people laughing at me? Oh, hell I was confused and damn angry, so I turned and ran all right, as quick as my Jimmy’s could carry me, I needed to get out, I needed air, I felt sick and damn I was lost, where was I going, I’m disorientated, I didn’t take much notice how I got here, but here I am and alone, why Alex why?


~*A*~


“Have you seen, Chloe Mitere?” My mother pointed to the door. Sophia was heading my way smiling. 
“Alexi, I have a wonderful surprise for you, where have you been?” She was being unusually nice to me, and I did not know why?
“Later Sophia, have you seen Chloe anywhere, I can’t find her?” She smiled.
“She left she had a sudden urge to leave. I’m not sure why, she had a headache I think she said? Really Alex and the surprise I have is so good too?”
“She did what? When did she leave and what did you do? I swear Sophia you try the patience of a saint, if you have upset my Aello in any way, you will be sorry.”
“She left ten minutes ago, and she seemed in a hurry too and I did nothing. You really need to sort out your love life Alexander Kaminis, dear brother.” I went in search of her, the look on Sophia’s face meant this wasn’t going to end well. She always has to stir the bees’ nest. The shoes Chloe had on were far too high to walk in, especially on these roads and with no lift back, she would be alone and struggling. I jumped in the jeep and went in search of her. I found her and in no time, but she had managed to walk a long way, though when I find her, she is shoeless and crying on the roadside. I stopped the car and went to pick her up.
“Chloe what’s the matter? You had a headache and left according to Sophia, why I could have taken you back to the hotel?” Her eyes are puffy, red and she has a runny nose, I wipe her eyes with my handkerchief and as I look down upon her sad face, she shocks me…
“Your girlfriend has arrived, you brought her back from Geneva with you, so I left, and I wouldn’t want to spoil the reunion Alex. Sophia told me I had brought shame to your home, being your mistress and I was to leave. I trusted you Alex. I am leaving, well I was but I’m lost, and I don’t know the way back?
I really believed you Alex, all the things you said made me love and trust you more. I really trusted you Alex, why did you need to bring her here, was I not enough? She has gone to make herself comfy on your bed, the bed that not even half an hour before we were happy together on, we were happy I thought, I mean I was, not you though. You best go she will be missing you.” She cries as I sit down beside her. I take her in my arms tightly. I will kill Sophia, because this is too much.
“Chloe you are my only girlfriend, I did not bring Natasha here, I simply dropped her off at her father’s plane in Athens this morning. She is a drug addict and if she is anywhere near my girls, Sophia will know about it. I have kept them safe for so long, and she brings that drugged up woman to my home, their home. Here, this is what she is, look at this. Do you think this is what I want for my family, which now includes you Chloe?” He shows me the video and tells me what her pimp or boyfriend was planning, leaving nothing out. I cry as I watch it, she is such a beautiful messed up young lady, this is something I have seen far too often in LA and something I never thought to see here. “I wish I had left her to them now. If you want to leave, then I will take you back to the hotel. Chloe you are the one I want by my side, not her?” I stand up and put on my shoes. I don’t believe it but am I really about to go head to head with a Russian lingerie model and his Greek sister.
“Take me back then, damn right I am your girlfriend and now a mad as hell one too. Back to the party, your sister and her new best friend are about to see a very different Chloe Louise Denton, tantrum over Alex, but my makeup has to be redone before I do battle. Sorry, I should believe you more.” Alex is laughing at me again.
“Why would you think I would choose her over you? Chloe you are the one for me, and never forget that. My Sister will be told, as will the drugged-up waste of a girl she brought into my home and that of my family, which now includes you Aello and only you.” We head back into the party, as I re-apply the lipstick and tidy myself up. Alex leads me to the dance floor and holds me close his arms, one around my waist, his other holding me closer and up my back. He leans in and kisses me. I see Sophia heading towards us and she taps Alex on his back.
“Alex, how dare you bring her back especially as you have invited Natasha to come too, she flew here at your request.” Alex took hold of his sister’s arm and keeping me even closer, he leads her to a room off the lounge. Natasha, she follows us closely too. When we were behind closed doors, he began a tirade of harsh words in Russian, again why bloody Russian?
“She is not my girlfriend, she has never been my girlfriend, and she will never be my girlfriend. Chloe here is my girlfriend, the only one I invited. Are we clear?” Natasha steps towards him and tries miserably to force us apart. He pushes her into the seat, before she falls over. She is drunk or worse, is she high as a kite, here in their home?
“Alexi darling, you brought me here in your private jet, you put me to bed, and we slept together on the jet. Darling, why are you being so harsh, I will forgive you with this cheap tart. Now come on show me off to your family, I have a little gift for your niece.”
“You go nowhere near them, had you in fact been my girlfriend you would have known they are twins. You keep your filthy hands away from them. As for you Sophia why would you think she was my girlfriend, and how did she convince you to bring her to our home?”
“She knew about your birthmark. As it is on your arse, how did she see it?” Oh yes Alex, do pray tell me please how she knows, I think it but say nothing. I await a reply. He holds me to him, and he looks me in my eyes and speaks to just me.
“She came into my cabin on the plane. I was getting ready to go straight to a business meeting, on landing in Athens. The attendant took her back to the room, where she passed out again and as to my sleeping with her, I have two flight attendants, who will beg to differ.” He looks at Natasha. “Did you really think we were alone on the plane? Where did you hide the drugs? Your friend Olga searched you, but doing that on a plane that my family use, was the very worst thing you could have done, bringing your filthy drugs near my girls? You snorted more of that crap, and then they put you back to bed. Just to find you fifteen minutes later passed out. So how do you think you were awake long enough for sex? Let alone imagine I would soil my hands with you, you are damaged and in need of help, even I wouldn’t stoop so low as to take a girl in your state, which is why I dropped you off in Athens, so you could get it. How did you even get here onto the island?” I’d had enough.
“I wouldn’t believe anything you said Natasha, he wouldn’t ever sleep with a drug addled whore like you.” They look shocked as I spoke in Russian to them. “I can’t believe you conned his poor sister into thinking you were his girlfriend too. After all there is no way she would have a drug user in the same house as her daughters, even she isn’t that stupid. As to you being his girlfriend, he has one, me.
Now get your skinny filthy, drug taking backside out of this respectable house, and back to your pimp of a boyfriend, who Alex had the good grace to save you from. Had you stayed he was selling you to a room full of your father’s competitors, I’m sure he would have loved to see his daughter raped and abused. From what your friend Olga said, they were going to gang rape you, Natasha.
You should be grateful that Alex has got a conscience. He and your friend Olga saved you from truly horrific fate, all at the hands of your boyfriend. Your father was saved from the humiliation of having to see you raped at the hands of his enemies. Is that and this all a big game to you? Are you messing with everyone’s heads, until they too are as truly messed up as you?” I take the phone from Alex and show his sister. Watching the video, she sees something, says she’s a bad sister and flees.
“You speak excellent Russian, Miss? We haven’t been formally introduced, so allow me. Thank you for saving me Alexander, my father will be very grateful, maybe you have heard of him, he’s called Anatoly Mattel and yes, he will be grateful, and I am in your debt, as is he. He will not forget the great kindness you did for me and to his business, please accept my apologies.
Your girlfriend is right, really you shouldn’t have helped me. I don’t deserve it, and I deserve everything I get. I am so sorry I will leave. Your plane is still at the airport I believe? I conned your sister into getting me here on it; don’t blame her. I will go back and take my father’s plane back to Moscow tonight, thank you again, and again I am sorry.”
“I’m Chloe Koslov, I was born in Moscow. Let Alex get you back to Athens, and get you some real help Natasha please?” Alex looks visibly shaken. It’s not that big a deal being Russian. Besides, I’d told him I was half-Russian, they speak Russian and why suddenly does my world seem so small and tight?
Natasha runs from the room and Alex sinks back into the chair, in what I can only presume is his study, it’s very luxurious and a fully equipped room. I snap back from study envy, and remember the altercation, then looking down I see Alex is still visibly shocked and pale. Why does this seem like it has nothing to do with my speaking Russian and more to do with something going on between him and Natasha, is she pregnant? He has the same look now as he did when the damned condom broke?
“Chloe thanks for that, I have some phone calls to make. Her father needs to come for her here. She can’t be trusted to leave and go back on her own. Please can you go and see to my girls, the fireworks start in a while and I promise to be out soon?” I lean over the desk and run my thumb across his cheek, he sucks upon it! Wowsers, then takes it from his mouth and kisses it, as he takes it out.
I do as he asks, because he looks really worried about something. I have to believe he would tell me if it was what I think it was and that look as he sucked my thumb, was not oh crap she will kill me, it was more thank God she’s here, I hope so anyway. I find the girls comparing charms with their friends. I smile as they say theirs are much better than the ones their friends have. They chatter away, each liking the others charms and ask if they can swap bracelets. I laugh and say yes.
“Chloe, these are wonderful thank you.”
“You’re welcome Alanis?” She laughs.
“I’m Alexia and I have blue eyes, she is Alanis and has green eyes, other than that we are almost the same. Let’s get something to eat. Uncle Stavros is telling the tale about how and why we Greeks invented the barbeque. He’s quite funny, he thinks the Greeks invented everything from music to electricity.” We go and eat, and the customary shot of Ouzo follows.
“Efharisto, I hope I said thank you correctly girls?” They both nodded, and still more is brought to our table and I’m told to drink it. This is strong stuff, similar in taste to Pernod, with its warming aniseed after taste. As I drink, they shout “Ya sas...” I ya sas their ass straight back. Apparently, it’s not my ass, its cheers? Sophia comes and looks for Alex I tell her he’s in the office. The fireworks are starting, and they take me to the terrace at the front of the house, where we danced earlier. The girls explain why the fireworks are out at sea.
“The ground here is tinder dry and would cause fires. The only way to have fireworks is out on boats.” We watch the fantastic display as the oldies shout sounds like whoop-ass, but that’s probably wrong too. There is a commotion in the house, but I keep the girls busy with watching the fireworks, I not sure what’s going on? Either way, the girls don’t need to see it any of it. Minutes later Alex is carrying Natasha out of the building and into an ambulance, followed by Sophia, who gets in the back. The girls and me, are at last joined by Alex, who slips his arms around my waist, puts his head on my shoulder, and at last he relaxes. He felt so tense when he came back to me. What’s the deal with Natasha?
The night is full of laughter, and fun as Alex asks me to dance. I can’t resist, so we dance a smoochy dance, which ends up in an equally smoochy kiss. The Ouzo and wine have gone right to my head. I see flashes of light and joke with Alex that the fireworks are starting again. He shouts in Greek to the two bodyguards, who take the girls inside. I realise they are paparazzi. I panic they have found me here how? Alex speaks angrily to the person on the phone and takes me inside too.
“I am sorry Chloe, they are the bane of my life. I have kept the girls out of the public eye for so long, given, who I am and who their grandfather was, I have to keep them safe. They are always trying to get photos of them. I hide them away from everything, and now they are here. Not for long, I will find them and have them thrown from my island, damn it.” Hell, the girls are in danger because of me. They have followed me here, but how did they know?
He excuses himself to sort it, and I go in search of the girls, they are laughing as their friends all go to bed. The girls want to show me where we are going to sleep tonight. I follow, and we are followed by Hansel and Gretel, their pet names for their burly security, Thomas and Tobias. One dashed up and checked the area, he says it’s fine. The other stays at the bottom of the stone steps, as I follow them up, we find a row of loungers are in a line along the terrace. They push two of the biggest ones together, and we star gazed. They point out the stars and talk, they talk, and they talk. I have Alexia in my arms asleep as Alanis wraps her arm over me and she too follows her sister into the depths of sleep. I close my eyes and wait for Alex to return to me...


~*A*~


I go in search of my girls all three have disappeared. Hansel points to the roof and I’m followed up by my mother. The sight that greets us is beautiful. My girls are asleep, and Chloe is holding them. Wrapped tightly together they sleep, such a sight makes my heart glad, and mother too has a tear in her eye. I send Tobias for covers and blankets. They aren’t going to freeze up here, as the night air is warm. I send mother, Tobias and Thomas to sleep and set the lounger over the gap at the top of the steps, and I watch them as they sleep, drifting off as I do.
“Alex, shush, Alex wake up, wake up.” Awakened by Sophia; she is smiling as she too sees the girls.
“I owe her an apology, how wrong was I? We need to talk Alex you have guessed that she is my sister? Alex, Natasha is my sister and she blames me for dying, and for causing our father to hate her. He told her I died Alex, he told her I ran away and that I was killed because I was bad, that I was a whore. Oh Alex, he’s made her life so miserable. We have to sort this out Alex and quickly. I need to save my sister.” Taking my sister down the stairs, we talk and work out a plan.
“We need to keep Natasha safe and clean. She will be in the private room at the hospital, she will be kept there under locked and secured conditions, and until she is clear of all the drugs, she will not be allowed to leave. Then we tell your father you are alive and that his granddaughters are safe and well, and then we tell the girls our whole sorry life story. I need to tell Chloe too. All this has to be done without Mitéra knowing; this will upset her more than anyone.” She agrees but asks me not to tell Chloe just yet. I agree, but she will have to know and soon. Sophia goes to bed, and I go back to the roof, where the girls are still asleep...


Chapter 8:


“Good morning Chloe, we slept on the roof and look who’s been guarding us, sleeping beauty.” He looks stunning laid across the lounger.
I want to lie at his side and kiss him awake. Instead, the girls do it their way, cold water over his head. They scream as he gets up and chases them. They look to gain so much happiness at the simple act of waking their uncle with water. I laugh they are not spoilt at all. Nik was right they are wonderful girls. They escape his clutches to go and get themselves washed and changed. Their friends are being shuttled back, and they head off to say goodbye to them. I stare into the eyes that are looking down into mine, he leans down and kisses me. It is a much needed kiss, on both parts it seems, as he withdraws he smiles. God what I wouldn’t give for more right now.
“Aello, you looked so peaceful I didn’t want to wake you. Breakfast is in the dining room, and your presence is required. There are clothes on my bed for you and help yourself to the things in the bathroom. I have just organised their friend’s flights and transport home, and now the rest of the day is your day. Anything you want just say the word and its yours?”
“I can give you the morning Alex, but I have to do the last draft of the screenplay sorry, but hopefully then we can have a few days of uninterrupted holiday time. Then you have to get back to being a hotel magnate, and I will have to get back to the film, they need me in LA yesterday, but I have promised them I will be there next week and not before.”
“We can make this work Chloe. I will make this work.” He leads me down and I follow him to his room.
“I think we need to shower first, and then go to breakfast.” I liked that idea better, much better. We were definitely clean when we finally got out of the shower, shrivelled and pink, his kisses and the sex were wonderful. Finally dressed we head into breakfast.
“Kaliméra everyone, I hope you all slept as nicely as we did?” He speaks to the rest in Greek, as the majority can’t or don’t want to speak English, and why should they? First thing I need are Greek lessons, I should pick it up easily enough and there are Greeks a plenty in Hollywood to teach me. Stella, his PA, translates small pieces for me. It’s mainly just asking how they all are and answering more questions about me. Stella smiles when he says something. She just smiles when I ask what that was it all about, as the oldies have all clapped. He smiles at her too, is it something to do with work?
“Alex, I promised the girls I would take them snorkelling, they want to be taught properly, as their last teacher was next to useless.” He chokes on his coffee.
“I was their last teacher, just wait until I see them. I know the perfect place and I will show it to you after you eat your breakfast, whilst we’re there I can show you my favourite piece of the world, a place where until very recently, was the best place to be.” He winks.
“Fine, but don’t eat anything too heavy, just a small amount. I will see if they have a basket and we will take it and eat it there. Go bring the girls whilst I wrap some things, the kitchen is where?”
“Follow Mitéra’s singing. She is happy for some strange reason?” I get up and follow her voice to the kitchen, he’s right she is happy, as are the two elderly women with her.
“Chloe, you’re up, did you sleep well up there? Alex insisted we left you, what must you think of letting you sleep up on our roof? God knows what you will think of us!”
“It was glorious up there, almost as nice as the view from the top of the hotel, now that is the best view in the world and is as near to perfection as I have ever seen. Whoever decided to put the hotel there had great forethought, it’s like it was specially made to fit that perfect piece of paradise?” She began to cry, what did I say or do, what? I do the only thing I know what to do and I give her a hug. What else can I do to make things better? I think upsetting your boyfriend’s mother is a pretty big no-no. I didn’t think I’d said anything bad, or did I? Alex comes in, as we are in a mid-hug. “I seem to have upset your mother Alex, have I upset her? What did I say to make her like this?” He asks her in Greek what I’d said, and he smiles at her reply.
“You, told her that the person who put the hotel there, put it in the middle of paradise, which was why father, my father built it just there, so that every guest could see paradise from their windows, much as you said to me earlier in the week, he was a very good judge of what his guest wanted and had the eye for seeing the greatest beauty in everything he did.”
“Oh, I’m sorry I didn’t say it to make you cry, it’s just the best place in the world.” She smiles at me.
“I’m glad, you like it then. The day I had Alexander he took him there when he was just hours old, then he named him and showed him where he would build their piece of paradise. I tell him his father was an old romantic. I hope now he’s in love, he knows how much it meant to his father, and why he gave the best bit of the island to the best bit of himself, his son.” What, he’s told his mother he loves me? I want to cry now.
“Mitéra, I know Father loved me and one day I will build my son a hotel with just as much love as he did for me. Now Chloe needs to pack some things for a picnic, so that when we get out of the water, the girls don’t starve to death.” He gives me a smile that makes me wants to dive in and kiss him.
His mother shows me the store and it’s huge and as big as a small restaurant’s fridge. I’m handed a picnic basket and I fill it with packets of biscuits, cakes, sugary things to get their energy levels back quickly. I end up putting in a whole heap of drinks and snacks. The girls join us as we head to the pool house and its massive. The closet in the women’s side had every type of swimsuit imaginable. I change into a tank top and swim shorts. The girls, well they come out in something looking like nothing more than scraps of material.
“I don’t think so girls. You are young ladies not street walkers, a sensible costume or you stop up here. There’s no need to make yourself look cheap and nasty, you’re both stunning. Even in a full piece costume, the boys will know what’s there. You don’t have to give your Uncle Alex a heart attack just yet. I’m quite fond of him.” The girls giggle and change.
“You are just fond of their uncle? I’m going to have to work harder. Last night you loved me, this morning you loved me, and you defiantly loved me in the shower. I’ll have to find out which buttons to push to get you to love me again?” He gave me a wicked grin as the girls came back in one-piece swimsuits.
“You know what buttons to press Alex, and so do I, umm we have many buttons to press later Demigod. Right girls those are much better. So where is this fantastic place then?” Alex smiled as the girls pressed a lever, a secret passage opened up, with steps leading down.
They put on a light, whilst Alex shuts the door behind him. He leads me down the hundreds of stone steps. Alex explains they were here when he had the house built, when they put the pool house in they had moved a rockslide, and his builder found them, and they kept them hidden and to this day there are just a handful of people who know of their existence.
“They lead to a wonderful series of caves and some of them have yet to be explored. I get requests all the time, but as these steps lead to the house, I refuse all requests. Apparently, there are some really deep caves and just the ones trained can dive down to the depths of some of the deeper ones.”
“Oh I’d love to give those a try sometime.” He smiles, as I rave on about the fascination I have for cave diving. “We have them in England and cave diving is a passion of mine. I think I may do more of that if I fail in Hollywood. Our caves though tend to be freezing cold and under mountains and follow the underground water table and I love it.” He leads me to the bottom of the steps the girls pushed a door open, and a set of shelves which ingeniously hide the doorway, opens up into a cave, which heads to the ocean to the cove were the hotel is, there is a small gap, just big enough to fit a small boat under, but the waters were crystal clear, and lapping against an indoor stone slab carved from the cave walls, equipment to the rear included all manner of diving apparatus, someone else likes diving?
“Oh hell, yes, this is wonderful, and you have this literally on your back doorstep, do you know how lucky you are girls and how lucky you were Alex? I would have never left this place, if I had this here, all the time, wow.” Alex laughs, I am so amazed and excited by it all and so envious of Alex’s piece of paradise.
“Over there are masks, snorkels and scuba gear, but for now we snorkel. If you behave, we will see about taking you out on the boat and doing some diving with the cousins Kaminis.” I scream at Alex and shake. How could I have forgotten?
“No, no, no they never go out with them, they are dangerous. Promise me Alex that they are never allowed to dive with them. They are a pair of untrained morons. They put people in danger with their lack of boat safety and the lack of general diving knowledge, and all on that death trap, they call a boat. Their equipment is substandard, most is outdated and all of it needs checking. They have no clue as to wreck safety and are a danger to your guests. Alex they are a lot more dangerous than stinking potholes. Please don’t endanger their lives, promise me?” He looks at me and is fuming. I don’t understand, I am only telling him of the danger they would face.
“The equipment is brand new every year Chloe. I think you are mistaken?”
“I don’t tell you how to run a hotel, because I wouldn’t have a clue where to start, but diving I know about. The respirators and the cylinders are at least five years old, not a bad age usually, if they are checked after every dive, then serviced at least at beginning of the season and once more during the season, then stored in a dry area in the winter. Not left rusting in that laughable thing they call a boat.
The other equipment on board, I would say all needs replacing as a matter of some urgency and that too is at least five maybe, even six years old? They are all faulty in the main and they have no service records on them. They are unchecked when they first allow your guests to use them too. If they are professionally serviced and correctly cared for, they can last for years. No equipment on that boat is good enough safety wise. Had I not known what I was doing, many of your guests would have been in danger.” He looks angry, but I continue he can get experts in when I finished explaining, this was part of my course, so they will tell him the same thing.
“The whole boat smells of rotting wood, in fact I would say it needs to be scrapped as soon as possible. They drink whilst on board and allow guests to dive who have been drinking heavily. They make nice with the women and entertain them Greek Style below decks, I refused their offer to see what they meant by this. Even if I were single, there wasn’t enough Metaxa on the boat to make me drunk enough for that. One even offered to show me his villa, if the boat didn’t do it for me. I again politely refused, something I don’t think they are used to, women saying no. I felt quite dirty after a day on there. If they are your cousins, then shame on them, because they are swindling you Alex and you their cousin. I would recommend you shut it down and get another crew in, one who knows what they are doing. They don’t Alex, I promise you, I wrote it all down, but we’ve been busy since you got back, and I forgot. Thankfully they haven’t got anyone booked in for the next few days.” He looks like I have floored him.
“As soon as we get to the hotel, can I have your report? Aello, what would I do without you?” He smiles and looks at the girls who are in the water.
“Right you two grab these.” I throw the gear at them, flippers, mask and snorkel. I insist on a thorough talk through with a show and tell. Only when I am happy do I allow them to practice, it takes them a few attempts, but they are good to go in the lower caves, Alex joins me.
“Explain what you do know of the caves Alex?”
“The first one is like this, only no external exits apart from the one eight-foot entrance, we are seeing below the water level, the entrance is five meters in length. It opens out into a larger cave and well I will show you that one, which is my favourite one. The next two are a deeper dive and are out of bounds for the girls. I can just manage to get to them without tanks. They lead off in two different directions, one to the right, which is safe and is roped. It leads into a wondrous cave with stalactites and stalagmites.” I gaze into his eyes as he talks, the girls laugh. “The one to the left is dangerous, it cannot be dived without scuba tanks and diving gear, ideally a dry suit as the waters are colder down there.”
“Right girls follow your Uncle Alex, and I will follow closely by your side, remember keep calm and steady your breathing.” They giggle and get way too excited, so I rein them in and as Alex dives I watch his behind closely, such a task, the girls love it as they catch me going a little moo-eyed at their uncles ass. We dive to the first cave and it’s a simple cave, with clear water and a shallow ledge, the twins are pretty good swimmers and just needed to calm down, apparently thy think I am cool? After Alex checks I am alright, he kisses me, and it starts them off again, giggling.
“Get used to it Girls Chloe is here to stay. Now, if it’s okay with you I’d like to show you the best cave I have ever seen. Chloe follow me through if you please?”
“Okay, what’s got you all excited? Is their gold and a pirate stash?”
“No, we Greeks don’t have Pirates, we prefer they are called entrepreneurs, now girls behave.” He dives again and ogle.
“You like our uncle?” They say, as they dive leaving me watching as they dive. No, I love your uncle with my whole heart and it’s a very scary happening. Deliciously scary and I am not worried at all. I apparently collect long term relationships on holiday. I am not going to say husbands, but if he were to ask me, I would snap his hand off. I dive and follow the girls through to the next cave. Alex it seems has a particular liking for this cave, I surface to see and hear a cave full of echoing screams. I look around I am truly amazed at what I see. Wow.
“Welcome to the Hotel Alexander, it was opened nineteen years ago, back then that stubborn and business minded eight-year old Alex, he wanted to run away and live here. I hated leaving for Australia every year and set this up. Do you know it took me all summer to get these beds in here? The mattresses were the hardest thing. They took forever to dry, too. The bed frames were the first ones from my grandfather’s first hotel, I was quite determined that they were down here for my next season. I stopped at trying to get drawers and wardrobes down though.”
“How did you get them down all those steps?”
“I didn’t, I hadn’t built my villa then, and these were brought through the bay and through that small opening in the first cave. I did it mainly at night, so as not to arouse suspicion of my opening competition for my father’s new hotel. He knew what I was doing though, and I am sure he and Nik kept an eye on me.”
We were in fits of laughter at the thought of the little boy, successfully getting the three beds down here with all the sheets and pillows. The hotel sign is wonderful and is handwritten by the hunk in front of me, and when he was just eight years old. Hotel Alexander, he looks at his first little empire and smiles. The girls are out and are on the beds, so I take a dive to the lower level and do it easily. The girls though may struggle, it will be easy enough for them in the gear though, perhaps we will do it next time? I shine the torch and it’s a little chillier in here. As Alex says, it is a beautiful cave, but I can’t wait to do the others, I go back and see that the girls are getting bored.
“Let’s get back to the first cave and we eat. Thank you for showing me your second hotel Alex, it’s worth booking in for a night’s stay?” He grins again.
“I think I may have a vacancy for you, you will be my first official overnight guest down here. The girls have only ever gone in the first cave I told them there were monsters in the hotel cave.” He winks and kisses my neck.
We follow the girls through, and as they set off, he grabs their legs and pulls them back through the gap, racing to beat them to the food, they scream and splash water. I watch them at play. He really is just a big kid at heart. We all race to the food cave. It’s exhausting being childlike again, but so much fun. Whilst eating our sandwiches and drinks, there are noises from people in a dingy outside.
We finish the sandwiches and swim out to the entrance, leaving the snorkels and things where we picked them up. I’d check the air supply and the tanks, and they look fine and the regulators are new and are all in good working order. Our phones and clothes are in the pool house and we are leaving the picnic basket here too, for collection later, or for much needed energy snacks for our cave stopover in Hotel Alexander.
We swim out to meet the dingy. It’s a rental and they have seen the private property signs and are heading away. They are already heading back to the jetty. We swim to the shore and head to the hotel. We had travelled a fair way down the steps and not realised it. What I would have given to have this as my playground growing up. The twins come to the hotel to see their Uncle Nik and phone for their minders. I have to complete the final draft and get it to the powers that be. I say my goodbyes to the girls, as Hansel comes for them and Alex follows me to my room, will we enjoy an afternoon of sex? Will I put of the task of finishing the screen play? I desperately want to stay with him, and I think that’s why I have been putting it off. He is very businesslike, and I doubt any hanky panky will be taking place, until he has dealt with his cousins, he looks determined?
“That was a nice morning thank you, now as soon as you get your work done, the sooner we get to enjoy the rest of your holiday. Can I take the report you have for me please, Aello? I will sort that out too whilst I am here. Are your recommendations here too?” He kisses my neck, and as he reads the report, his face drops.
“They are, and all three crews are pretty good and are available. They are all qualified Alex, they have everything I look for when I dive, and two of them I have dived with in LA and I would trust the girls to be taught by them, and they all hold the right Greek water licences. This one is run by an Australian Greek family, like my fabulous boyfriend. I think you would like them; they are so nice and easy going and the women would be treated well, they are very friendly, but not that way.”
“You know them personally Aello?” He looks jealous.” Were they friendly with you?”
“I think you know the answer to that, Alexander. I dive with many people I haven’t had sex or made out with anyone but you. Now, put the green eyed monster back in his cage.”
“Sorry, I went a little mad for a minute, I be a little possessive of you, if you hadn’t guessed that already. I want you to myself Aello?”
“There is no need for you to worry like that dummy, because you are more than enough for this lady.”
“Good, I love you Chloe so much and I’d hate to have to lose a body or two in the deep caves...” I laugh as he kisses me. I have never had anyone be jealous over me and it’s kind of hot.
“Good luck, when you confront the brothers Alex, because they look like they could be trouble? Please ask Thomas or Tobias to go with you. Alex please watch your back. I think they are not above playing dirty tricks to get their own way.”
“I will be careful. My cousins are idiots and yes I will take security with me, they never played fair growing up, I hardly think they will play fair now.”
“Will I see you later, and if so don’t forget my things please?”
“These reports are very well written, so much so Chloe that you could do it, you run my diving schools, they are very profitable, and I would see to it you had all the new shiny things you need to make them better?”
“Alex are you serious?”
“Totally, we have them at all the top hotels in the chain. You could be the Dive Master for me? It would mean working under me, a lot.”
“It would, would it? I will think about it, but for now the next few months are already mapped out for me. How about after this darned film is finished, we seriously look at me working under you a lot?”
“It sounds like the ideal plan, now, how about later we try some simple type tasks together? Like bed unmaking skills?”
“I am sure that sounds like fun, go and see to your empire and I will see to mine. Did I tell you I really, really like you a lot, in fact I would say I love you a lot.”
“Good, I seem to have found the love button. Now, I have to cousins and a crapheap of a dive school to scuttle. I may even do that and have her buried at sea to dive on.”
“Good idea, it won’t take a lot of doing.” He gives me a knee trembling kiss, we are interrupted by a worker asking for his help.  Oops, he got caught kissing a guest at my door. As an act of almost defiance, I get another of his kisses, as he leaves me to get on with my work. I catch up on all my emails and start hopefully my final draft.
I have a little more understanding about some of the things in the book now, but the equipment issues are a mind field. Gerri promise to give me a talk through the things she’s had to learn. She actually went to several clubs for ‘research’ and she became involved in the scene, and delved right into writing more of her kinky lady porn and is now very much into doing it too with her toy boy lover, who is by her own very lurid accounts, a damn good screw? I didn’t know what my face looked like when she told me that, and it was on our first ever meeting too, would think I looked shocked? That’s when I told her all about Simon and us never having done it, earning me the nickname VB or Virgin Bride.
I spend all afternoon typing and retyping. I complete the writing and start placing it all in the right context, with the newly added voice over pages, I read it through, and I am standing at two hours and twelve minutes, two minutes over. So, with a few less in and out motions perhaps, it could be just right, this is probably not the case, as I know I have to be on set lot for re-writes? I send it to the right people and then I password protect the valuable screenplay. I hit send and off I go for a shower and change for dinner. I go to the small dining room and wait for Alex. I don’t have long to wait as he walks in looking like the man I fell in lust with. He orders a bottle of our wine and walks over, throwing himself in a chair.
“I have had the worst day Aello… The brothers have been scamming me since the year father died and you were right on everything. The right government department has shut them down. I’m public enemy number one at home, because I am not buying them another boat and setting them up again. Our grandmother now is saying that I am being unreasonable, and I should be helping family, its family money. Like hell it is, they work just as much as they need to and no more. I work for the girl’s future not theirs. I support them enough and their children are fed and clothed by me. I pay their bills and put a roof over their heads me, not their fathers.
The cousin’s father, my Uncle Nektarios, he gambled away his inheritance which would have become theirs. My father had to bail out the Santos, after our grandfather, Santos Kaminis, signed that hotel over to him before his death. My father had many hotels of his own by this time, and he never doubted his brother’s abilities to make it successful. He was good at the job, and he made the Santos a hugely successful hotel. So successful, my father was giving him other hotels to run, and own eventually. Nektarios was determined to do as my father had done and succeed.
The more money he made though, the more he drank and gambled away, like his sons do now. My father only ended up owning it because of the mess my uncle left behind. My father bought it from his creditors, as he’d signed it away after losing a bet. I can’t let her know how much they have cost me already. She doesn’t even know why my father owned the Santos. We told her he had bad heath issues, not that he was a penniless, chronic drunk and he died of liver disease in Athens, away from here, here were his boys were still living. My father, he then took over my cousin’s care and the care of their family, as they grew older and married, they were given a large amount of land and the boat to help them get started and as they had more children he added to the villas for them both.
They had inherited their father’s lazy approach to work, his gambling, their misuse of women and drinking problems. Now, they are leaving me with the fines the hotel faces, as it is they won’t be as large, because I contacted them first. Neither have qualifications because they don’t need them apparently, the only courses my father paid for were rehabilitation ones, the boat was bought as a fishing boat, so they could start to feed their families from the sea. My father was far too lenient with them and I was far too lax in my checks on them, because I trusted them Chloe, they used me, and I trusted them, and the boat isn’t even insured they forged the damned paperwork, such was my trust in them I never thought they would do this to me.”
“I’m sorry; I should have said something earlier. What can I do take make you feel better?” I pad over to him and wrap my hands around his neck, he looks down and smiles, kisses my nose and smiles as we just stand looking into each other’s eyes, it’s so romantic and I’m so in love, yes, am I confused, definitely yes, do I want more? Hell yes, he pulls back and kisses my head sighing as he does.
“Tell me you love me Chloe and that you have finished your book?” I can gladly tell him I do, and I have.
“Oh, yes I finished it, and I really do think I love you Alex, I know I don’t want to leave you next week, but I promise I will try to make this work. I promise to really try my best to make it work, make us work, I mean we work now, I mean...”
“...Think you love me, really? I will have to work on that becoming you know you love me. Chloe, we will find a way to make it work. I have hotels all over the world and I have to be wherever they need me, but I also pay a board of directors, heads of departments and hotel managers. They all earn good money too, so they are going to have to start earning their enormous salaries.
I intend to spend as much time with you as I possibly can, to make us work, and I agree we work fine. Now to the subject of cheering me up, you need to make up for the power cut, I believe I was robbed of seeing your promised striptease. I figure you owe me that at least, perhaps you could start there, for now?” I am shocked and pleasantly surprised that this is something serious and not just a fantastic holiday fling, and fantastic is an understatement.
“Well, was it my fault the power went out? I was robbed of seeing more too, but okay I owe you that much. As to you doing all the changing, I think it’s a shared thing. I’m contracted to the screenplay and my hands are tied, but I will quit after this one, if you can give things up so can I. Besides, it’s not as if I need the money. I have enough to last me three lifetimes.”
We drink another bottle of wine, when Nik sends over food. We eat and talk. I don’t think that I fully realised just what this was going to take to work, his hotel empire is huge, and he is a hands-on-boss.
“Can we go to bed please, I want to make love to you all night and sleep in late, then take my girls to the spa tomorrow and have lunch and take a drive to see the island, or swim in the sea and do holiday things?”
“That sounds like a plan, your room, my room or back to your villa?” I say as my hands wander.
“My room, we need to have sex in that bed too, then in every hotel I own. Please?” He grabs at my hand, as it seems to have a very arousing effect on him.
“You have some fantastic plans Mr Kaminis; I think I may be a little bit drunk?”
“I know I’m really drunk, so you must be too. Come on let’s get you to my bed, Chloe.” We go to his room and I must be drunk, because his room is next to mine. He has been next door all the time, really?
He opens the door and lets me in. I’m swept up into his arms as he carries me in, putting the do not disturb sigh on the door. His room is like mine, but there are more personal effects in here, like photos… Loads more of Alicia and they looked so happy, why did they split up? Why has he still got them around his room and beside his bed? I can’t believe I am seeing this. I look around the room and it’s a fucking shrine to her. I’m looking at photos of him looking happy with another woman, a woman who he has fucked on this very bed, the one he is going to fuck me on, hell no. Then I see the final insult to me, in the form of a life size canvas of him and her above the very bed they did it in, she will be watching as he fucks me…
He goes to the toilet, I get off the bed, and then I somehow stumble to my room and lock the door. I put the lock on too, so he can’t get in with his master key and lock the windows, then put the blinds down and close the curtains. He knocks, and I ignore his pleas and continue crying into my pillow. He hasn’t a clue what I am angry about, I could let one pass as a happy memory, but photos of her all around his room and a big one of them frolicking on the very beach he made love to me on all day long, saying I was the only one he took there, hell no. I am not falling for that, this is just another holiday disaster, and I am the same fool only a little older and none the wiser.
“Aello what has changed why are you being like this? Chloe tell me, what have I done. Please let me in?”
“Stare at the pictures in your room. I particularly love the one in our cove too. If you love me so fucking much and me alone, then tell me why do you have her picture on every wall and surface in your rooms? There’s enough photos for you to look at and reminisce about the one that got way in your shrine like room. Then when you’ve done that, get back to me on why you think I would be upset, because I’m a little more than upset, I’m fuming, not angry. Alex, your room at the villa I understood, but your fucking room here is a shrine to her, just leave me alone...” I plug in my iPod and block him out. I fall asleep to the tunes that play loudly in my ears, they drown out his knocking on the door and I finally all cried out I go to sleep.

~*A*~

I really am drunk, happy but very woozy, getting back from the toilet she has left the room, she isn’t here, was there a change of plan and we’re in her room, did I not hear her? Trying the key card, it isn’t working, and her door is locked. It’s manually locked with the bolt. Hell, what’s she playing at? Knocking gets me nowhere, and I am now begging her to let me in and I have never begged a girl before. 
“Aello what has changed why are you being like this? Chloe tell me, what have I done, please let me in?” What I hear in reply wounds me to my core, damn it Alex.
“Stare at the pictures in your room. I particularly love the one in our cove too. If you love me so fucking much, why do you have her picture on every wall and surface in your rooms? There’s enough photos for you to look at, and reminisce about the one that got way, then when you’ve done that, get back to me on why you think I would be upset, because I’m a little more than upset, I’m fuming not angry. Alex, your room at the villa I understood, but your fucking room here is a shrine to her, just leave me alone...”
The pictures, oh hell Alex you stupid bloody idiot. My, ‘I’ll do it tomorrow,’ has come back to bite me in the backside. She is crying, and I know she is heartbroken, because I can hear her sobs, but she is ignoring me. I will let her sleep it off and go around in the morning. She needs to know I love her, and so much so that I have a ring in my pocket for her.
“Please, Chloe forgive me?” She ignores my pleas, so I go to my room and throw away all the photos.
She was right, I had a lot, there were far too many and in most were hugging or kissing. I should have done it before, but I just came back here for a day, then I met her, and I’ve stopped longer in her room than my own. Damn it, why didn’t I just say her room, I see the canvas and shiver, she had a very valid point and it was too much, I can see that now. I take down the photo canvas and smash it, this was the final insult to my Chloe, seeing this happy photo, a life size canvas of two people in love, frolicking on the sand.
They were two different coves in two very different places. That picture was of a photo shoot we did together, when the male model fell ill, I stepped in to save her shoot, so she sent it to the hotel as a reminder that I too could make it a model and follow her around the world. She wanted me to leave my world and join hers. Nik had placed it above the bed in hopes I’d see it and go running back to her. Alicia has never been to my island, because she was always away. I followed her for well over a year, but we were always both too busy, never would I have given work up for her.
That was I think the end of us as far as I was concerned, she wasn’t willing to keep on doing the separation thing, nor would either of us give up the work we loved doing, to be together. After a few discussions about marriage, where finally she gave me the choice, marry her and have a family right away, so she could go back to modelling for a few more years, and I would then raise the children with nannies and hired help, then when she retired I could go back to work.
I neither wanted to be told I had to marry her, nor when I, sorry we, would have children, or that I would be the only one raising them. My hotels were just as important to me as her modelling, besides I wanted my children’s mother to be there with them raising them, as mine had with me. I also was told the time spent with the twins and my mother would be cut drastically, she was fed up of playing second fiddle to the brats.  
She left me to my thoughts and went back to the afternoon’s photo shoot and that was where she met her new model boyfriend, he was the one she nursed better and the one I stood in for. After the ‘marry me or else’ chat, I went straight back to work. She then tended to both his needs and mine, well she did for a while. She was keeping us both hooked until one gave her a band of gold. He now raises their two girls alone, as she continues to work. I was the lucky one who escaped and was glad of it too. Then Chloe walked into my life three years later and right away I knew she was the one, I have no doubts, or worries that she was the one I was looking for. I can only hope it’s not too late. The phone rang, and I rushed to answer it...
“Chloe... Oh hello Stella what can I do for you?” I feel dejected and saddened, because my heart yearned for it to be her. I listen to Stella and she seems to be crying, who has made her cry? Uncle Nik, my mother?
“It’s sad and bad news Alex there’s been a flash flood in India, the years of drought and during the night there was a sudden downpour of rain, which has crippled the region, the dry river banks were too hard to take it in, when it did the river bank crumbled for miles, the damage to the Royal Summer Palace Hotel, has been devastating. It was on its bank there; it has been flattened and people are dead.” I forget my problems here, because I have too as many people have died in my hotel there. I am needed and as soon as possible.
“Right, have the planes set for the rescue plan, both company jets. I will have the one here fuelled and be ready to take off, I need to get my things and will head straight to the airport.”
“Do you need me to do anything Alex?”
“Just clear us for landing, I presume we are able to land?”
“Yes, and I have already initiated all the emergency plans, your plane is ready and waiting. Good luck Lexi and please be careful it’s bad out there.”
I take my bag passport and wallet and leave a note for Chloe. I ask her to wait for me until I get back. I write that I will tell her of my idiotic reasons for not getting rid of the photos and all about Alicia when I return or call, and that she is not to give up on us, because I haven’t and that she is the one with my heart and future in her hands. I also tell her that Alicia never came to the island. She is to ask Uncle Nik how many times the family actually met her and where they met her, which was in Athens and just the once, when she had a job there.
My family had to go and see her, because she refused to go to meet them. I push it under her door and head off, as she isn’t answering her phones or the door, so I can’t tell her in person where I have disappeared to. I see Nik in the lobby and have a hug fit to burst, I’m leaving him in charge of work and my soon to be wife…
“Nik keep an eye on Chloe and have someone get rid of the photos of Alicia in my room please? Actually, can you do it please, shred them and burn them? Tell her I will be back as soon as I can, but anything she wants whilst I’m away. Can you make sure she has it Nik? Anything and I mean anything, even if that means a flight away from here.” 
I headed for the airport, the girls are going to be devastated, but this is something that needs doing and something they too will one day have to do, be in the thick of our family business, which means its good and bad happenings. This though is bound to be bad, because there are deaths to deal with. I will try to make them see this and perhaps take them away when I get back? We will need time to discuss their story too. A peaceful holiday is what is called for, perhaps with Chloe too if she has forgiven me by then.
I land in Dimapur Airport, India, after a nine-hour flight, of which all the time and my thoughts were with and about Chloe. She still isn’t answering her phone and I need her too. She is still behind locked doors. Nik has been up to her room and she is still ignoring everyone. I set my mind to the task in hand. The Royal collapsed as a result of the floodwater, along with the detritus that came with it, from its journey down the dry rivebanks and streams. The floodwater flowed down from the mountains and hills, where it crashed down, it stripped the trees from the hills, then the water and the trees. They headed straight at the building, there was nothing to stop the water it was going wherever it wanted, even the once beautiful hotel was not for stopping the raging waters, which left devastation to the whole region.
There is a worldwide outcry for relief, The Red Cross gladly take the two plane loads of goods, water and tents, though there is very little we can do until the flood waters recede and we can get in and see what has to be done and where we can help. There is no chance of saving anything; it’s a matter of a massive cleanup and an even bigger rebuild. I have had the best rescue teams flown over, with rescue helicopters and dogs, to help us search for the many bodies, they do well grasping the odd person from the murky freezing cold waters, or from the odd root top or from cleared hill tops.
I watch as the whole mess takes place from the relative safety of a hotel room. I had to take rooms at a hotel near the airport as it is still an hour over land to the disaster zone and the rescue services don’t need well meaning armatures hindering their relief and rescue missions. I have little choice but to sit and wait it out. I do finally get through to the hotel.
“Chloe, please do not hang up, please just listen to me first. I’m in India and I don’t know how long my phone will last. I’m sorry about the photos, they should have been long gone, but I can honestly say I have spent more time in your room than mine. I only went into shower and change. I always meant to get rid of them, but I just forgot. I really do love you Chloe.”
“I need time Alex, this has knocked my confidence and I am just so confused and sad sitting here waiting for you to break my heart some more. So, I’m going to LA, as they want me there in a couple of days. We both need to know this is what we want. I’m sorry but seeing you with her, not in one photo and not just in a couple of places, you had them everywhere, you slept with me and went back to look at her photos.”
“I did not go back to stare at her photos, I went in to change clothes and I was eager to get back to you, not reminisce over a woman who I am no longer interested in. I swear I am not in love with her I doubt I ever was, because the feelings I had for her are nothing to what I have for you. Chloe, please don’t do anything rash. I will come to LA when I have finished here, but I don’t know how long the rescue work here will take, but please wait, I love you.”
“I know you do Alex, but I can’t and won’t be hurt again. I do love you, really I do...” The line goes dead, and I can do nothing, the cell service here is next to useless and the power supplies cannot handle the influx of extra services needed by we westerners. Five days is what all the experts say it will take the water to recede, and another few day’s to get the equipment in.
I have hired, bought and borrowed as much heavy lifting equipment as I can, as have some of the other larger employers in the district. I have been told by the rescue expert who flew out with me, that this is merely a look for and a retrieval of body’s mission, as there is no likelihood of any survivors at the hotel because it is just rubble. I hang my head and pray he is wrong, but the hotel was the first hotel at the bottom of the hills and was the first major impact, so I fear he is right, besides most of it is in the river, it once stood proudly and elegantly next to.
I contact the hotel at home, Nik says she has left and he has given instructions to the hotel she is stopping in, which is one of mine, that she is to have the best rooms and anything she has is on me… Of course, I then realise her film company is using all my hotels. I relax a little when Nik tells me she really does love me. Our phone link here is at best patchy, but when I get to the hotel area it will be non-existent, would that we had the satellite phones I wanted.
We would have been fine, but they are lost in transit or in with the relief packages. Everything is a mess, my crew all stop with me, they have been told they can go back, but chose to stay and help. One crew goes back to ferry supplies into the country. I await my fate with Chloe and hope we survive this relatively minor hiccup. Well it is in comparison to the devastation I am witnessing here at least.


Chapter 9:


I put the phone down, as Alex said the phone call didn’t last that long, long enough to tell him where I am going and where he can come and get me. I pack my bags and book a ticket first to Athens, then to LA. At least I didn’t marry this one. I can’t even joke about that because I would have done had he asked yesterday. All the photos though, they were just too much for me to take for now. I take my bags to the waiting taxi and start my journey to forget. Nik kisses me as I leave and tells me to think about things and know Alex loves me. I tell him I know the feeling.
Nearly sixteen hours I spend travelling from Athens to L.A.X. and as I stroll through to get my bags, I am pleased to see I am ignored by the waiting photographers, they don’t recognise me. Thank heaven for small mercies. I head in a taxi to the hotel the studio is putting me up in for the next two weeks. It’s one of Alex’s hotels, why am I so shocked, he has many hotels and in many places? I unpack and look at the beautiful gowns I have brought back with me and I cry. Will he come for me? Time will tell, but I pray he does.
The film is all anyone is talking about and as I unpack, I watch the television and it’s on every channel, the speculation on Dark Days and the made-up hype is wild, confusing and way above laughable. They are already saying Simon has already been cast, as well as Elizzabet Blur, his co-star in Danger Man, and yes there was also speculation he and she were bunk up buddies. Rumours are rife that they will actually make love in the film. Hahaha, there has always been an ongoing story line that they are on again off again lovers, in real life and in the Danger Man plot.
She and he were the real reason for my bad mouthing him in our breakup. Laughable gossip mongers and wishful Danger Man fans, who loved their chemistry, idiots who thought what they saw was real, how wrong were they? When all along he’d fallen for someone on set, he’d actually fallen for the fucking catering guys gofer, Bazza Hayes. He was under mine and Jordon’s noses all the fucking time. It seems he buttered way more than Simon’s bread rolls, because as Jordon and I were blissfully unaware, that during our jog each morning Simon, he’d get his food delivered. It seems Simon’s sudden love of the catering vans was not just for the Sloppy Joes and coffee…
I go on yet another shopping trip. This time they want the old Chloe back, the bubbly blonde, with the wow factor. I spend three hours with Giorgio, who is way above happy to get his hands back on my hair, he loves the style just not the colour, it’s a pity because I was getting used to it too. My nails are done as I wait, and he has worked his magic. Chloe Koslov is back, in all but name.
That’s too much of a slog to put right, even if I tell the folks here I’m now Dutton, they will still call me Chloe Koslov-Green, it seems my past will not elude me here, and I dread the inevitable who, what, why questions I know I will be asked. The film doesn’t need negative press. So, I have to be bright bubbly and upbeat. Easier said than done whilst my heart is somewhere in India, fixing his broken hotel. Damn I hate love, but love Alex with all my heart and I do love him, because I’m missing him like mad, even thinking about him makes me cry, it’s all I seem to do too.
I hit the shops and buy the required new clothes, as it seems my things from Simon’s is lost in transit, much like Alex. I have an hour to change and get to the studio. Today we are talking through the possibilities of casting, good old Gerri made it part of Sam’s buying the rights, that she got some say into who will play her beloved characters. We have everyone’s files in front of us.
After three hours of talks, Sam still wants Simon. I have to remind him he doesn’t touch female skin, other than arms, faces and hands. In all his other films, they use a body double and that won’t be possible, not with the full-frontal nudity, including soft breasts and thighs, there will be more skin on display, than he could handle. The girl who plays the role of Abby is going to be open to her leading man, and in more ways than we could cover with a body double. The part he is suitable for is Toby Makin, it’s still a meaty role and one he is more suited to. He actually doesn’t have sex, he likes the physical torture, he beats and whips his subs.
He finally agrees, Daniel Dark is to be offered to Gerri’s favourite on daytime on screen dalliance,  Logan Nobel, star of the hit television series My Brother's Keeper, where he plays the guardian to his four small brothers and works as an escort to pay their bills, so Gerri knew he had passed her strict drop dead criteria of muscles, sex appeal and be younger than Simon, but with no massive film role’s under his belt yet, he is a risk, but Geri wrote this book whilst watching the soap he was in and fell in lust with him. So, she is indulging her fantasies, she built the story around him and his amazing body, he definitely has the body she writes about.
The role of Abby Reece is to be offered to the former Disney child star Bohemia Bright, who is now a would-be pop princess. She is a rather risky choice for the part, but one we think she will be suited to. Hopefully, people will see her as young and vulnerable little thing Abby is. The other characters are easier to cast, as there haven’t been many applicants. We looked at various fan sites, and we get their opinions too and when we are finished, I think this could be a winning line up. Gerri is very happy, apart from having Simon in her film, but she realises he’s a good actor and that I am fine with seeing him on set.
The mock pages of a scene from the script I’d written, as the studio never sends the original script, but the screenwriter, me, does a mock-up script, and one that won’t even be in the real film. This way they also get to see who sells theirs to a newspaper, those were sent by couriers for the proposed cast to read through, before their casting sessions, the ones to be offered the parts to may not even have the chemistry to pull off this highly erotic and sexual film. They may not gel in the read through, so they would not gel on set, so we are seeing quite a few more aspiring actors and actresses too. That done, I head back to the hotel to get some sleep as the jet lag has finally caught up with me and I sleep the clock round.
I now have nothing to do for three days, so I finish my book. My working title is ‘So Muddy the Waters.’ I’d hit a bump in my creative flow, but now the words are there, and they fly onto the page. I now have references of my own and love the sexier scenes and writing them is much easier having had Alex in my life. I say had and hope he still is in my darned life.
Though it’s not my story, there are aspects that have touched my life. As I write, it gets steamy, thanks Alex for giving me that. I can’t stop and don’t stop, the light in the room goes from dull to light, from bright to dull and then darkness. I have been typing for a straight thirty-six hours. As I sigh and put the last words to paper, it’s finished. Tomorrow I start the screenplay for it. At midnight, I decide to answer my emails.
Finding an email from Sophia, one where she is thanking me for the kindness I had shown her daughters and for their wonderful gifts. She also feels sad for any part she may have played in me leaving Alex. She was a grade A bitch, nice to see she thinks it’s all about her, when really, it’s all about me, my insecurities and a few hundred photos of a blonde bombshell. She tells me he is devastated. Things are going on there that she cannot discuss yet, not until Alex gets back from India, but as soon as he does, all will be clear. She begs me to give him a second chance. I hadn’t done anything but think about him and being here this past week had made me miss him more. I thought of him all the time.
I Googled Alicia and noted she has a husband and two small girls who look exactly like her, and they are happy and have been for almost three years they married about two months after she split from Alex, so he was dumped? Go figure, another idiot throwing him away. I wasn’t throwing him away though. I was giving us time to think and time away had done that for me. I definitely knew I loved him and missed him. I phoned him every day, but there was nothing, no pick-up or even hang ups, I left voice mails and still nothing came back. He isn’t even on Google, the nightlife must be shit in India. He has twelve hotels there, and I have been too busy to look for him, but he will be back because he promised me, so I wait.
I answer mail from Polly, and she has extended her contract, for four more months. I have had it for today, I am too tired and too emotional and so I sleep. I spend a lot of time sleeping, crying and hugging my pillows. I am going diving tomorrow. I need some hours logged in my book. Whilst there I will tell my worries to the fishes, they listen forget and swim on, perfect listening buddies. I sleep again. I head into the dive centre, it’s been ages since I have been here, and my locker is as neat as I left it. I take my kit and head out with the lads for a dive and there are a few new faces, and some are staring.
“I get it all the time I look like Chloe Green married to the poof? Is that who you thought I was?” They smile and head out with the rest.
The lads here all call me Commie. After an incident with a Russian deep-sea fishing vessel, were I threw them a tirade of abuse in Russian, using legal jargon and very uncouth swearing insults, as a result they left the dive site and I got my beloved nickname. So, Chloe doesn’t rear her mild-mannered head here much. I have a fantastic time and plenty of diving time logged. If I’m still here in a week, I have booked a deep dive. I’m so looking forward to that, because I need a distraction. Going it alone is tough, there is nobody to have dinner with, so again I am now eating alone in my room, déjà vu is a killer. Still I make good progress on my screenplay for the book. I have had enough of my own company and sleep...
It is the first of a few big days today, it’s the first of the script reads, with the chosen cast and Gerri says she feels like an expectant father, as she is pacing the floor. She and I eventually sit in the other room watching and listening through a two-way mirror, we chose well. Abby is perfectly cast, as is Daniel. I have to laugh watching them say my cheesy lines from meeting Alex for the first time, especially the old cheesy one; this is nice do you come here often. They are perfect and go straight to legal to sign their contracts. I shuffle uncomfortably in my seat because the next actor who is due in is making me nervous.
As the screenplay was written using the pseudonym of Rachel Roberts, my actual anonymity has worked well so far, and for the time being this is fine, when the shit hits the fan we are ready for the obvious backlash of me writing the play will get, i.e. did Simon get me the gig, did I not cast Simon as Daniel through spite, like I have that pull, but the questions will be asked of that I am sure. Simon walks into the room and I notice a change in him straight away.
He looks really ill and he has lost weight. He is no longer the super stud and good-looking man I married, nor divorced. I left him in perfect working order, what has Bazza done to him? I ask the reader to see if he needs a doctor. A no is the answer, he’s just had a bout of bad stomach flu, thanking her for her concern, he sits and takes the script, the person he is reading to maybe star struck. I tell her to pull it together and he reads his lines perfectly. He then falters and grabs his side in pain, and as he does, he takes a bottle from his pocket and takes a dose from within it, gulping the water to wash the pills down.
“I’m fine folks, it’s just gas, a simple bout of indigestion. I’ve had a bad meal out, and this is the fish’s revenge.” Now I worry, that’s Simon speak for he’s not been eating, and I can see something’s worrying him. He does the read through perfectly and Sam wants to offer him a contract. I ask Sam to get him a medical for the insurance, because he does look seriously ill, he agrees, and Simon agrees to go. He looks happy as he is offered the part, but it all depends on the outcome of the medical, as he walks from the room, he looks in the direction of the mirror. Did he know I had watched him?
The others are all perfect, so Sam has his cast and crew. Gerri and I are given our work schedule for the next week, it’s a long list of the usual meet and greets. With the cast all signed, we are to be the first in the line of fire for the press, the big question will be who is playing the juicy parts, which we cannot reveal, so that’s going to be a downer for them, then for me there will inevitably be the questions more personal to me.
I’m not looking forward to my interviews, as I know it’s going to be all questions about my divorce, I will have to keep calm and stay collected because they can push my tantrum buttons easily here, as they have done before and I am sure they will do it again. They can be very sly and slip in their mean questions, especially as we are on live television, so I have to be on my guard.
The first one for me is this evening and it’s a solo interview. Gerri too is doing her first run out for the film, at least she is now a seasoned pro at it because of that damned book, but she loves it really and is known as Queen G on set. I get into hair and makeup, I am quaffed and buffed, and I panic, I don’t go in front of the cameras that was Simon’s department, and one he shielded me from. I’d never let him down though on the red carpet and knew how to duck an awkward question out there, but this was up close and in my face personal.
“And we’re on in 5-4-3-2-1... ‘Hi tonight we have with us the screenwriter, of the film that’s all set to go into production within the next three weeks, the highly anticipated and often talked about Dark Days. Just who will be playing those super sexy roles; polls are rife as to which actor is going to get to play the Über sexy Daniel Dark. We have here with us today one person who may know and maybe she could let us in on the secret that the whole world is going mad with speculation about, who is playing who? That person is the films screenplay writer Rachel Roberts and hang on to your hats for her question and answer session. Hi Rachel and how are you today?”
“I’m fine and fresh from an in-house meeting and that casting sessions.”
“So, who’s playing who?”
“I’m sorry to disappoint you all, but I am sworn to secrecy, however, the full cast will be revealed in two weeks and at a star-studded charity ball, in aid of the American Red Cross’s, help for victims of the terrible flooding in India.” Damn… Is that why Alex was in India, the flooding? I haven’t read the auto prompt before, this information was given to the television studio as we came on the air, and I am a little shocked. “The gala will raise money for the devastated area and the guests will be treated to a star-studded night, and they will be the first to hear the news of the cast, so the number flashing across the bottom of your screen is for the buying of a table. We’re looking at raising a million dollars for a very worthy cause.”
“Right so give us the gossip, are they all known stars then?”
“No, not all are, but the cast is totally perfect for the film roles, adapted from this excellent and liberating book by me and yes, I had fun writing it too...”
“The biggest surprise for us though is that the Rachel Roberts is really Chloe Koslov-Green, surely?” They cut to a break. I calmly talk to the interviewer.
“I am no longer Mrs Green and unless, like the person who was sent the not to discuss a list, you too can’t read either. I suggest you stop that line of questioning now. The man I was once married to, was a man who had absolutely no bearing whatsoever on me getting the screen play for the film. So please don’t waste your breath, because a segment of no comments won’t make for good viewing, now will it?”
“Right that’s telling me.” We are back on in 5-4-3-2-1…
“Well Chloe how did you get the gig then? An unknown writer just happens to be asked to write a script for the eagerly anticipated book to film deal ever, did it just land in your lap, come on tell us how you landed that deal Chloe?” Oh, she’s being a bitch, right I know how she’s playing, so I will too.
“I have worked under many different pseudonyms, for obvious reasons. I want to be taken seriously for the person I am, with my own capabilities and talents, not for who I was married to or who I may or may not be sleeping with. I’m sure you had the same questions thrown at you, after all you’re married to the producer of this show, and though you know you got the part through your hard work alone, it doesn’t stop people thinking you slept your way to get it. And my answer to the obvious next question is I didn’t have to sleep with anyone to get the job, chained or unchained.” She laughs with me. She mutters bitch under her breath… I feel better…
“I hear your new boyfriend is the supper sexy Greek billionaire hotel magnate, Alexander Kaminis, who is pictured here doing his relief-work in India. I believe it’s been a gruelling couple of weeks for him, trying to rescue trapped guests at his hotel?” I look on stunned, as he is in the thick of it, digging and helping. He looks sick. I watch as the images show the conditions he is working in and my heart swells with pride. This is the reason he hasn’t contacted me. Why did I not check in with Nik?
“He is? I wouldn’t believe everything you read in newspapers, the next thing I will be marrying a man I met on holiday and oops, I’ve done that and got the tee shirt as they say. Do you think I’d be stupid enough to do it twice? I don’t know if I would be, but you never know, I may be that stupidly in love that I may have to consider it. Mr Kaminis is dedicated to his hotels and I applaud his need to be there personally. Alex actually going to the disaster site says a lot about the caring kind man he is.
His helping and getting his hands dirty and aiding in their rescue, speaks volumes about the man he is. Instead of writing the cheques and sitting in a comfortable office and getting others in to sort out the horrific conditions out there, he’s in it at the deep end. The loss of life will hit him hard, and the destruction of his hotel will be difficult on Alex. I know, because he loves his hotel and he take’s things to heart. That man there deserves a round of applause. I applaud his selfless actions, he’s a man I would be proud to be associated with.”
“So… Is that a yes or a no then Chloe? You seem to know a lot about him?” Not as much as I thought I did.
“It’s an, if I told you that, you’d be as wise as me. Now about the book and film, if you actually have any more questions about the film or the book?” She knows I mean it about the no comments.
“What’s it like working with Geri?”
“Bloody hard work, Geri knows things that can make your toes curl and wow, she does. When we get together her cocktails are the strongest mind-blowing concoctions in the world, and her sex talk takes some beating. She’s not number one for nothing. Her follow up book due out at Christmas folks, makes Dark Days look like a day in Kindergarten.”
“Have you had a sneak peak then?”
“I have and from what I’ve have read, the ladies of the world have another bedtime friend to read.”
“Does the book have a name then?”
“Darker than Dark, it is her best work and such a powerful sequel to an already liberating book for women. I was in the airport lounge coming back to America, and was asked by a woman which books I would recommend she read whilst she was waiting for her plane, and without opening my mouth half of the shop, and yes they were all the women, threw her Dark Days, and told her to get herself some lady porn. So enough said, we all need a good bedtime read.
Hell, I read the books for tips and pointers, and I bet half the male population is getting more bedroom action since the book came out? I can safely predict a baby boom; in oh I don’t know, let’s say within nine months of the premiere, and after the ladies get their first look see of the film. In fact, there have already been significant increases worldwide in the giving of the names Daniel and Abby to babies already born in the last couple of months. After all the books have been out ten months already?” The audience laugh and clap, I’m thinking they know what I mean.
“A last word Chloe, are you enjoying life with your dark days now in your past?”
“Without the dark days, I wouldn’t be able to see into the light that is my life now, and one that has a lot of hard work in the upcoming months, as we go into production in three weeks. Don’t forget phone the number and get the first exclusive look, into the much awaited full cast release party, and do your bit for charity.”
“5-4-3-2-1… And we’re out.” I have my mic removed and take the make-up off my face. The interviewer asks for more dirt, and I just walk away, my phone rings. My thoughts are now of Alex and those photos.
“Well done Chloe, that was great, and thanks for the push on the new book. Do you fancy doing the screenplay for that? I had a woman with her thumb so far up her arse, she must be coming in her pants with every step she takes. Cocktails in the bar meet you in ten minutes.”
“It’s a date see you there.” I jump in the car and I’m driven to the hotel. I’m too tired to drink, but hell that was a tough first interview, and I have two weeks of them left, and the ball to go to. Oh heck, I see Gerri and she has the drinks already.
“I’m sure I got black balled Geri. I swore on live television almost calling her a firkin idiot when she asked me about Simon. How the hell do they know about Alex, and why didn’t he tell me he was living and working in those sorts of conditions? He was going into a disaster zone. The note I got said he was fixing a problem at one of his Indian hotels, that was the message I got, not that he was in danger.” She shows me the papers and Alex and I were in a smoochy kiss at his villa. Thankfully, they had focused on us and not the twins. “Argh well, they got my good side. I had a great night I went head to head with the model and won. Here’s to two weeks of sheer hell.” I let out a deep sigh as I looked at the photo. I still loved him, what am I stupid?
“Cheers Chloe, here is to the drinks and all I put in them. I’m thankful you’ve popped your cork, so now never let it dry out. So, how’s the book coming along Chloe and have you got it published yet?”
“I finished it yesterday, they already had the first half weeks ago and they got the second half last night and came back with an offer this morning. I don’t know whether I want all this now. I just want Alex. I haven’t heard from him in over a week. Given that he’s off saving his hotel and staff in those dratted floods. I don’t suppose he’s had time to think about us much. I’m going to my room and try and see if I can find out what the hell’s going on, I have this nagging feeling something is really wrong. I’m off to bed these are too strong, and I need to eat. See you at ten, we’re working tomorrow.”
I phone the Hotel Vasilis and speak to Nik, who assures me Alex is fine, but just out of contact for a couple of weeks and is working to retrieve bodies of his staff, and he won’t be returning until he has found the eight missing hotel employees and a guest. I sigh, at least he is safe. Nik tells me he will contact me as soon as Alex contacts him. They have another hotel not affected by the floods, some hundred miles from the disaster area and he will be returning to that as soon as his work is done. He has tried to contact me, and I have to explain that I have lost my phone. I didn’t though, I think it was stolen, but I’m unsure of where and when. I give him the new number and tell him to tell Alex I love and miss him. He laughs at me.
Two more weeks had gone by and still I have heard nothing from Alex, despite messages left at the Hotel Vasilis. They won’t give me the number to the villa, despite me telling him I am Alex’s girlfriend and in America. Apparently, they gave the number to his girlfriend and she was a member of the gutter press and wanted a story. So understandably they are not for telling it to me, I leave my number and ask that they pass it on to Alexia or Alanis, as they too have just my old number. The press and paparazzi bastards are ruining my life again. Nik had been gone for a week on urgent business, and I do know if Alex is out of the country, he is second in command. If only I had Stella’s personal number because no one at head office had got back to me from there either.
I try to keep focused on the task in hand. I throw myself into the work and promoting the film because one of the backers has dropped out, and Sam is flapping. I offered my help, but it would take double or even treble what I have. We have to do a great job in bringing as much good publicity to the film as possible. That’s not a hard job given that everyone is clamouring for interviews and meet and greets, so we are thrown to the lions and are promoting it to every television show that will have us.
This keeps my mind partially from focusing on where the hell my wayward boyfriend is. What’s the adage no news is good news? No news is making Chloe twitchy… Today is our last meet and greet, it is also the day of the ball and the great cast reveal, but Sam had asked me to call in the production office first. I knocked on the door and went in, to find he was sitting in a meeting with Simon.
“Chloe are you all right? I have missed you and our talks in the evenings.”
“It’s nice to see you too, to what do I owe this pleasure then?” He looked pale and ill. I’d go as far to say, he looks like death warmed up.
“I am not well and Chloe… I’m not going to sugar coat things well... I have end stage pancreatic cancer. I was diagnosed the week after you left, after what we did to you, I think this is God’s punishment. I am going back into the hospital now and have just a few days left. I have told everyone who means anything to me what’s happening, and I have sorted out my affairs and I want you, my dearest friend and my wife to know too. I have put off telling you for so long and now you know I see the look everyone has when I tell them, pity and sadness, so stop that right now.
I’m telling you now, because we have legal papers for you to sign. Barry left me after the diagnoses and he, well it the truth be told, and he couldn’t run fast enough. The babies were a fictitious tale, one that involved Barry getting money from me. It’s his damn sister, who is pregnant, and they hoped to pass her children off as ours. They were using me for my money Chloe. My life isn’t worth living now, I messed everything up and this is my reward for thinking I could have my cake and eat it. My life was wonderful with you. I should have stopped with you, my best friend, my wife, and my conscience. Can you, will you, ever forgive me Chloe, please, say you will, but I don’t deserve it.
That’s enough of that begging from me, now I have something I have to ask you to do for me... I’ve asked you here today to witness my living will. I do not want heroic measures used to save me or keep me alive. You are the only person I know who will honour my wishes. Sam here is going to witness this. I thought of stopping in the house, but you are all I see in the house. You were the best thing in my life and my best friend, and I treated you so badly. Before you say you’ll look after me, the answers no, I have decided you can come and see me in the hospital, but that’s it.
I want you to have everything Chloe, I know you are going to say no, but it’s what I want, and besides I gave you more than you asked for, giving you the rest is small change.” He wasn’t letting me get a word in edgeways and he was getting it all out before I interrupted him, as usual, because as he says I’m his conscience. “So, sign this and get to the last of your interviews and then have a dance at the ball for me, and then perhaps you could come and see me in your posh frock? Your things are still in the house. I never packed them, and they won’t need to be moved, that house is yours too. I am as they say, putting my house in order. Come on sign stop keeping a dying poof waiting.”
“I... Thomas Adders… You are an arsehole, why did you not tell me before. I can’t stand around and do nothing. You need second opinions and better doctors...”
“Just sign the bloody paperwork, I have done all those things and the best the money can buy, and still I’m dying. Get off and I will see you later, I’m at the big hospital here, the nice posh one Cedars Sinai. Now sign so I can die in comfort and not here at Sam’s desk. Thanks for the part, but I’ve had to turn it down. Even a dead man can’t shag a good-looking bloke, would that I could darling.” I signed the paperwork and Sam witnessed it. I was in shock at how much I cared for my Simon, especially after what they did. I wasn’t taking all this in. He gave me a hug when his transport came for him, he made me promise to come in the posh frock after the gala and read him some lady porn. I did, and I would, then I slumped in the chair and looked at Sam.
“How long have you known Sam? The heads up would have been nice. You know you should have told me that he needed me?”
“I found out the day he got diagnosed, because he is my oldest friend and best friend, of course he told me, and forget about that idiot he left you for! He ran out on him, empted the safe and never looked back. He’s been alone in that bloody house putting it back how you had it, making it a shrine to his best girlfriend ever. I got him a nurse in to see to his medical needs and she found him on the floor the other morning. He actually only has a day at the most left, and yes it will be over that quick. He’s in a great deal of pain and sleeps a lot. They have him drugged to the eyeballs.”
“So why not tell me, hint that I needed to go see him, I would have been on the first plane back.”
“He was the reason and he didn’t want to upset you more and just be a pity friend. I begged him to and then you flew to Greece. He got worse and even then, he said no because he’s been such an idiot, but he’s said it over and over, it was his punishment. The stupid old queen was determined you weren’t to be upset, and to see him like this. He knew you would be sad and angry, and he loved you so much he didn’t want you unhappy or to see you worried.” I cried more than a few tears sat in Sam’s office.
“That’s why you wanted to give him the part, so he could go out on a high?” He smiled. “Right, well let’s get this show on the road, last interview and then the ball to attend. I will see you later, I have research to do and alternative cures to find. I will be damned if I give up on him now.” Sam sighed and nodded his head. I gave Sam a hug and went to do the bloody interview. Phoning Geri on the way, she insisted on coming to the hospital with me after the ball was over. I head into my last interview, I am stunned and saddened and feel very sick and ill too, like this was someone’s idea of a massive joke! How I wish it was, but it isn’t, it’s my shity life as usual...
“5-4-3-2-1... Good morning America... Today we have Chloe Koslov-Green doing her last interview before they go into production next week, for the upcoming film Dark Days. Hello Chloe, how are you feeling, are you glad this is all over?”
“Hi Cathy, nice to be here today, and yes it’s been a tough old slog doing these interviews, for what is a mind blowing, life changing book. I was given a fantastic opportunity to write a screenplay for the film, which I have done, and I think it’s going to be great, because the book was fantastic to start with. Tonight, is the long awaited night, it is the night of the ball, at which we are revealing the cast for it, that’s at the American Red Cross Ball. I am staggered to say we have raised an amazing eight million dollars from table sales and one lucky person in the audience is going to get the once in a lifetime opportunity to meet the cast and the writer before anyone else, and that one lucky audience member Cathy will choose in one moment...
But before she does that, I have a statement to make, unscripted and from the top of my head. This will be my one and only statement. I will never speak again on the subject of Simon and our crazy life together. So, don’t waste your precious time asking. Over the past fortnight, your counter parts have asked countless times Cathy for a comment on my marriage to Simon Green, well here goes, you get the exclusive…” Silence fell, and she looked pleased as punch, me? I’m shitting bricks as Geri often says…
“It was an unconventional friendship and I will admit yes, it was a loving friendship, born out of an unnecessary need for Simon to continue the lie about his private life. I would have said he thought he had to lie about who he is, but being gay is something you are, not what you choose to be, and you shouldn’t have to hide that fact either. For God’s sake, and yes I said God there, because of certain groups and religious do-gooders and God-botherers out there, those same self serving idiots who have made staying in the closet a safe option, made Simon coming out impossible, so he married a friend and we had a great friendship.
Now let me tell you godly folks out there, he up there, he made everyone as they are and as you so rightly say all the time, God is all knowing and almighty, you claim God doesn’t make mistakes, so Simon being who he is, and gay was not a mistake, a freak or anything else I have heard him called in the past few months. We are living in a multi-cultural, multi-faith and a multi-be-whoever-the-hell-you-damn-well-want-world. Simon didn’t choose to be gay he simply was, and as Lady Gaga says, he was born that way. It’s like saying you, all you heterosexual couples, or you Cathy, or me, we chose to be straight, but we didn’t, that’s just who we are, and it’s never questioned, its considered the norm and nobody gives a crap whether it is normal or not. Sorry, there was a swear word there. Gay isn’t a condition, it’s not a lifestyle choice, it’s just who a person is.
What being gay turned him, Simon, into was a bloody good liar, and that’s a damned shame, because for years he has had to live life as Simon Green, Danger Man, action hero, super stud and straight man. If he was to continue to be offered and to get the best roles in films. He had to pretend for years to be something he wasn’t, straight. Now that is good acting, because we got thousands and thousands of personal gifts from his adoring female fans, which thank you he still loves getting. I married him because he made me laugh and enjoy life, he made me feel wanted and loved, he always did and still does. That other thing in his life though, that was what finally pulled him from me, as I knew it would. To any person having to deny who you really are is hard, in this day and age there is no justification for others to judge people’s life choices. We don’t get to choose to be gay or straight it’s who we are and folks I’m mighty glad the world is a melting pot of religion, colours and sexual orientations; we are what we are, human.
Inevitably Simon needed to do what he did, because he needed to be himself, as all the lies were killing him slowly. I always knew what I was getting into and what I was getting in return, a fantastic friend, companion and having fun whilst it lasted. I’m grateful to Simon that he finally realised we both needed more than friendship, so he ended it. He only ended it because his outing couldn’t be stopped, something I actually found abhorrent, the need for the press to do that to anyone, how they sleep at night surprises me. That you made him come out, why, what the hell difference does it make to you, you, you or you whether Simon was gay, he is still who he is a fantastic actor.” I pointed at the silent faces in the audience.
“Shame on you shameless members of the gutter press, what sad lives you must have, to stoop so low, that you get paid and seem to enjoy trying to ruin good people’s lives, just to sell a few more gutter rags, you sad, sad people, with your sad life and crappy jobs. With Simon’s secret now out, it has also allowed me to be free to live my life again, and to go out there and maybe find love too. Simon and I will always be friends always. He was a great husband, only ever showering me with kindness and love. However, that said, he was the only gay one I wanted or needed, yes needed. I needed the love and support of my best friend, we helped each other and so with great thanks too for the thousands of offers to be my next gay husband, thank you, one was more than enough...
As to the allegations he slept around. He didn’t and doesn’t, contrary to the stories out there and the photos, he had just two friends whilst we were married and two only, the last one an ass, the other was his lover. He was my best friend too, yes friend to us both, but a lover to just Simon, the only thing we didn’t share. Contrary to the press reports, we never had a torrid sex filled marriage and shared multiple partners, we never had that kind of relationship it was just that a friendship. It made me laugh the rubbish some people print. Simon had friends as everybody does, but the others just hijacked this wonderful man, hoping to get their fifteen minutes of fame.
I hope you got what you needed from your thirty pieces of silver. I hope too you keep some back, as I have an excellent legal team working on the both the teller and the seller. Karma and the legal system here in America are excellent, you will pay for the lies, you’re all as bad or worse than the person who outed Simon, soon you’ll be sorry for your actions. I may be a tad upset viewers about certain things…” The audience were cheering and clapping, I was red and angry.
“I wish Simon all the very, very best and he will always be my best friend and will always have a place in my heart forever and a day. That is all I will ever say on the subject. I think I covered all the bases and should hopefully keep the wolves at bay for a while. Right, Cathy let’s get the interview over and done with. I have a ball to attend, but first we need to go to break. Cathy and I will be right back after the short break, keep tuned in and we will be right back, we still have one lucky audience member, who is going to a ball later…”
“5-4-3-2-1... And were on a break five minute’s everyone.” Cathy was stunned and then very chatty.
“If you ever want a job here, let me know. I’m so glad you said those things. Simon was always a good friend, secretive, caring and there are a few of us out there who knew his secrets, but kept them for him, they weren’t ours to share. Share some more with me, is he up for Daniel then? I can’t go tonight, tell me, please, please, pretty please? Geri wouldn’t tell me either.” I shook my head no. 
“That’s all you’re getting Cathy and that’s because I hijacked your segment, you won’t be disappointed he’s a keeper, your brother’s keeper!”
“My Brother’s Keeper, oh what as in Logan Nobel...? Oh hell, yeah, I can see him as Daniel, phew get me an access all ass pass, please, I mean areas Chloe. I need the exclusive behind the behind story, phew hijack away, it will have boosted my ratings. I got the bloody exclusive everyone and his man wanted, and for that I thank you, the secret is safe with me… I may read the book again, we’re back on…”
The statement was the basis of the interview that completed, and I was on my merry way. I had my dress already, and the Jimmy’s were ready too, the beauty salon and Giorgio are in my hotel room, and the place is bedlam. All this for a moment of hype, I needed to get to Simon and make sure he wasn’t just over-reacting. I had Googled the cancer he said he had, nothing struck me that he had it whilst with me, apart from being tired all the time. He was right it was a quick to end cancer, and there was very little I could do, and the alternate treatments were beyond weird and wonderful, some were down right bizarre.
“Well what do you think Geri? “I did a twirl.
“Damn Chloe, may turn the main character lesbo in the next book, ‘Dark and Twisted Sister?” I laughed because when an idea popped in her head, it was her next book. “Let’s get this pomp and ceremony out of the way and go see your gay ex then.”
Gerri and I stepped out into the glare of flashes and questions. We walked the carpet answering questions and signing autographs. We were sitting shoulder to shoulder with film stars, heads of fortune 500 companies and the press. I sat at the crew table all be it the top crew. Sam held my hand as I shook. I was so nervous about going to the hospital, but a promise is a promise. Sam got on stage where he made the much hyped and anticipated release of the cast and boy did the room exploded as he introduced them one by one.
My phone vibrated... Alex... Three weeks and I get a text at last. Aello I will be with you soon, I’ve not forgotten you, have you forgotten me? I texted back, who is this? He replied, a Demigod in need of a whirlwind in his bed. We flirty texted all through the show, and I had a final text as Alex texted goodnight and said he would see me soon. I was indeed happy dancing again.
“The next two people out, are the two brave soul who both are going to be seeing a lot more of each other over the next three months and well without further ado I give to you Abby and Daniel, Bohemia Bright and Logan Noble.” The room was full flashes, raised voices and the customary shouting out of questions. It was my time to leave, followed closely by Gerri. Let them do the questions for a while; we’d done our bit. Our car came, and we stepped inside. For a gobby Ozzie, she was so quiet tonight. After an all too short journey, we were here, and my bravado had gone. I was afraid, I can’t do this, but I have to though. I go to the desk.
“Thomas Adders, which room is he in please?”
“He is in 4377 fourth floor, use the lifts to the right.” I think I thanked her, but I was a million miles away as we got in the lift. Finding the nurses’ station empty, we went to find his room, it too was empty, and the bed stripped.
“The patient, where is he?”
“He died an hour ago. Go see the nurse over there.” I went back and waited for a nurse. I was in shock, stood in a posh frock, in a hospital with a now silent gobby Ozzie, hugging me. The nurse came back…
“Thomas Adders, what happened to him? He was expecting me tonight.”
“We told him not to go out again, he said he had to go, well it exhausted him. He collapsed and died an hour ago, he was a fighter though, but he was so pitifully weak and so very ill. Are you a relative?”
“Yes, I’m his wife, I think, no I am his wife and friend, was it quick?”
“Yes, it was very quick in the end, he had a DNR order on him when he got back, so we honoured his last wishes. I’m sorry for your loss, really. Thomas was a wonderful man, we often joked how he looked like the actor, Simon Green. Oh, he laughed at that. Can I have your name please I have a letter for his wife.”
“Chloe, Chloe Koslov-Green.” Her mouth was open as she realised, for the past however long he was here she had been treating, the Simon Green. I thanked her for looking after him and went down to the waiting car, on the way I opened the letter.

Dearest Chloe, the worst is behind you, now live. My lawyer has everything sorted. I want no monument to my vanity, gorgeous, as it would be though. No, I just want my ashes scattering on your roses in the back garden. By the time you get this they will have dealt with me, so no fussing, no crying queens, no crying Chloe, just promise me to live. Bye-Babe see you and not any time soon Thomas xxx

“Well that was short and sweet. He wants to be put on my roses in the garden. He must be joking, the cat from next door cocks his legs under those bushes every day, he did once joke though about coming back to haunt it.” We headed back to the hotel because I had to pack and go home, to the now empty house. We are finished for now, Gerry and I have a few weeks off, and then it’s into pre-production and on the job re-writes for the screenplay, after the cast do their reading rehearsals.
Home is the weary traveller, who is both happy and sad at the same time. I waddle on my heels to bed. I am all cried out and had no more tears to shed, because quite simply there’s nothing left to cry. Two further days go by and I hear no more from Alex, this is strange and surprising, because he isn’t answering my calls again. What’s going on, has he lost his new phone too? Gerri is in the air and heading for another bloody book tour of Great Britain and Ireland, the lucky cow.
I am alone and left moping around the empty house for a few more days. My closets are back to being perfect, because my rooms were exactly as I left them, minus the roses the glass and the mess. With no funeral to sort and with no work for three weeks I was alone with my scary thoughts, oops that place is not a good place to be. This was a hell of a nightmare week for me because I didn’t know where Alex was, and his side aren’t getting in touch either.
It started with bad news. Then I got good news, Alex’s texts the night that Simon died, but nothing more. I cried yet more tears and I have heard nothing all week, I’m having some wine whilst I whine... I got a really nice bottle of wine from my cellar, a really nice bottle of Chateau Margaux 1995, the inky dark liquid was very good indeed and such a good drinking companion, I finished that one quickly, so I had another bottle, it would be rude not to. I was so, so drunk when I went on Google… Had I not learned before it was bad, I certainly learned my lesson when I fired up Goliath, my home computer...
I typed in his name, he has been absent for well over a month, the news has been very sparse on here about my wayward boyfriend in that past month, so I am surprised to see him on Christos with her, the Russian and arm in arm with his sister and all this week too. Well Mr Kaminis, I wonder where you are, are you keeping her warm and are you happy? Fine, I would like to know why I come second to a sloppy, screwed up, drugged up, skinny knickers model, and oops yes, I decide I need an answer and now. What the hell had happened in a week for this complete change in him? From the fuck me texts and I want you now, I need to feel you, I can’t live without you, wait for me Aello? To this, this cosy family picture, my head is a mess again and all thanks to Alex.
“Well fuck you Mr Kaminis, stop with your fucking Russian drug whore.” I cry myself to sleep in a drunken stupor. Well, that was after I fired off an email and a few drunken texts to the lying scumbag Greek Lothario. I surface late the next afternoon and was still so very drunk. I sit and drink coffee in dark glasses. Oh hell, I don’t remember anything apart from crying a lot for some reason.
I shook taking my headache tablets, my body was in some sort of need for more bloody wine, no way, I feel like someone is killing me on purpose. I spent the day nursing the worst hangover ever. It turns out I opened another bottle of wine and finished that too. The evidence, three bottles and a whole lot of potato chips and half-eaten sandwiches are scattered all over the posh lounge.
I even tried to make a cake, there was evidence of a cake everywhere, but Berta couldn’t find it, until she went to put the glasses in the dishwasher, and it was baking in there. Damn fine it looked… Not really, it was a broken chocolate and egg cake, with a whole lot of flour and sugar layered on top of it, and then I had to wonder just how long did I actually sit waiting for that cake to bake? After a heck of a lot of shouting making my headache even more, the shouting was mainly at me from Berta. I tried to ignore it all as I put my head in the freezer, to calm it down, but it didn’t work, and Berta got lippy, shush headache. I have a hangover in progress. I got the ice thingy-ma-jig for the top of my head and suffered. She, the shrew Berta, she took pictures and had them framed. I will fire her when I sober up, if I ever sober up?
Logan and the rest of the crew now have in their possession their scripts. They are presently in rehearsals and busy doing their script read-through until the end of the week. It had taken me two full days to recover. I lost three whole days in total and swore never to drink again. When I got back to normal, I went to my office to work and my computer was on, when I checked, oh hell I’d sent God damn drunken emails, and a lot. I had dumped Alex by text and email. I cried when I realised what I had done. I had dumped him, was I mad? I did a quick history check on my computer and no it seemed I had good reason, I wasn’t mad, I was angry again, because of the photos of him and the Russian. My third bottle of expensive wine was drunk, when I saw those three happy smiley faces. I am glad I knew he was the reason for that then. I am shocked, perhaps drunken Chloe emails were fine then, but why did I feel like absolute crap? My heart still broken from Simon, and now the Greek had twisted in the knife too, damn.
I open the emails and I have one from Sophia. He is on his way to see me urgently and with news, news he wants to share with me. His plane lands at nine in the morning at LAX. Yes, I’m seeing Alex in the morning. I go to bed early… I will go and meet him and tell him I love him as I do, or will I have it out with him? I will look like a million dollars and look my best, so he knows what he threw away, if that’s what’s coming my way? Or I will look good as he runs into my arms as he tells me he loves me? I didn’t sleep an awful lot that night, if he got the emails, then he could be coming to make up with me, I guess, or was he coming to tell me they were an item, and I had been the one dumped? My over tired brain and that old lack of Chloe Confidence was a killer. I stared for hours at the images and tormented myself into a mess. They did look happy, they looked damned happy.
Waking good and early to get there, I washed and changed into the good look, the look of see what you’re missing, that look! It is complete, and I think I look hot. Grabbing my bag and I go to meet him, finally! I have ten minutes to get to arrivals because of the damn traffic. I wait and wait when suddenly there’s a flurry of activity as he comes toward arrivals, along with him are a massive number of photographers and a bloody news crew is following him too. I then notice why they are here… He is with the Russian bitch. He can’t see me, but I have the view from hell as I hide behind a column. Natasha is with him and all over him like a rash, and I cannot believe he’s brought her here. I was being dumped for the drug taking knicker model. Then I hear the words that rip me in two.
“What about the engagement?” I slide down the column and my ass hit’s the cold floor and my head swims.
“I have yet to receive a reply, but she makes me so very happy, I hope she says yes.” I am on the floor, hiding behind a fucking potted palm tree and a fucking column, as they pass me by, full of laughter and merriment. My God how stupid was I? I want to get out, but she stops to answer the press’s questions. She is nothing more than an attention seeking, drug addled bimbo. Do I get up and rip her head off her shoulders?
“Will the lady be saying yes?” The screams for them to answer questions is drowning out his beautiful voice, his lying cheating voice. Arghhhh.
“She… Will… Yes...” The screaming drowns out the rest of their loved-up announcement. They travel to the pickup point and I’m left on my arse in LAX, they were followed by the damn press. She must be good in bed, the she has accomplished is unbelievable, from drug taking whore, to fiancée in under a month is quick and heartbreaking. I feel so stupid, angry and mad and yes sad. Yet he still sent me the texts a week ago damn him, they were and are well suited, the drug whore and the sex craved Greek Demigod, who, I’d actually dumped by text and email, so why I am so confused and upset at his engagement? Why, because I still loved him that’s why. I looked like crap and I felt like crap. I was heartbroken, in the airport hiding behind a pot plant, in a posh frock. I’d be damned if I’m going to get papped crying over them, I was getting the hell out of there and as quickly as I could


Chapter 10:


I take a taxi home. A home Alex knows nothing about, so he can’t find me here. I tell him to wait as I pack my bags and head straight back out. I have had it with love, I’ve had enough of trying, and I’ve had enough of being hurt. The first flight out when I get there, I will catch. I will be on the first plane out of there that I can get a seat on. I arrive at the airport and look at the departures for a flight that I can actually get on. As I look at the departure boards, the next flight out is to Thailand. I’ve never been, so why not? I find the air carriers desk and book myself a one-way ticket to Thailand. I show my passport pay my fee and head through to departures.
I am surprised at how easy running away is and as I go to ther lounge for a drink I read up on my trip, the board said nothing about the eighteen hours in a flipping plane seat, I’d have to do. Sleeping pills did the job, those and a totally exhausted brain meant I slept most of the way there. I landed early in the morning and I still felt like crap. I threw my bags in the back of a cab and headed for my hotel. I had booked a suite at the luxurious Riverside Hotel in Bangkok, a week here was just what I needed. An email is sent to Geri and Sam, telling them not to worry all scripts would be done over the web, they have Skype everywhere.
I spent the first day crying tears I didn’t think would fall again, at the loss of Simon and the betrayal of Alex! My life for all the money I had was so sad. I am angry, and I feel bloody used. I lose myself in the fine tuning of my book as per request of the publisher. The screenplay was smoking hot, the locations needed for this one nice and sunny. I fancied shooting it in the Caribbean sunshine.
I did the tourist things, I sunbathed, swam and did some diving and yes, I loved to dive in those crystal-clear pools, with their hidden crevasses and all beneath sun kissed mountains, in lush warm water. I managed to lose myself for a few hours doing that. The hotel was lush and so, so expensive, I don’t know what I was worried about? I had it and now needed the pain gone, so I tried the drowning in luxury thing. I spent a fortune on being pampered, on nice meals, and on wondrous day trips, especially the one where I saw tigers and monks sleeping side by side, now that was a pleasant trip and there were many photos taken.
It helped in masking the pain for the first week, and then my feet got itchy. I booked a trip to do a whistle stop tour of Australia, flights, hotels, transfers all done through my agent here. All I had to do is turn up at the airport and follow my get back to the happiness trail. My photos I uploaded, after being cropped and edited on the flight to Darwin, six hours a much better flight time. I hadn’t picked my phone up in nine or ten days, there were messages from Alex, probably letting me know in advance of his engagement, all trashed without reading. I did the same with his emails junked and emptied every day, I hit empty every day, because that’s how I felt empty and lost.
I only replied to Polly, Geri and Sam, and Sam’s were about doing the screenplay changes, it all worked out better than expected, they would say the scene needed this and that and I’d work around it. Besides Gerri was more than capable of helping them out, she was there anyway, and for now they didn’t need many changes doing. The sex scenes were being filmed first, hence Gerri being there, I couldn’t help the director in that area, this was Gerri’s baby and her expertise was what he needed. None of those would need to be changed, the book was particular in the positions used in their sexual acts, and they were accompanied by drawings too. My scripted words, those great scripts I toiled over consisted of Daniel saying do that, do it this way, because his words were one sided in the main, and Daniels spoken words read like an instruction manual for directing traffic, put this there, stand here, don’t do that.
They had the Ozzie sexpot there too, apparently, she was needed too! The poor director had never seen a cat of nine tails, a saint Andrews Cross or a flogger, which he thought was a fly swot and yes, he dropped it pretty damn quick, when he was told what it was, the man according to Gerri, knows more than he’s letting on. Gerri came prepared and brought a pair of sexpert’s in to show Logan and Bohemia how to work her intricate scenes safely. The ropes and chains can cause harm apparently, this was all done by Gerri and her merry band of kinks, and much to the director’s relief, something she was good at it. I bet she’s having fun. Her emails are quite explicit and she’s shocked to find her perfect man Logan is gay. I laugh and type back welcome to my unforgiving world. I would be back to do the rest in six weeks, the length it will take for the Ozzie to show them her dark side.
Changes in my scenery are so needed. I will get in plenty of diving, my appetite back and though I wanted to drink, I decided to stay healthy and keep fit. I remembered the hangover from hell all the time. I had yet to decide what charity to support with my book. I was toying with a children’s hospice, the one I contacted had said yes straight away, so with that decided their first cheque was sent, two million dollars. A crazy mad figure and once it was published there was the promise of more. St Thomas Children’s Hospice in California, it sort-of jumped out off the page. I’d read their email with tears of joy, they could stay open and help more children and families. The next email was from the Kaminis Hotel Group. A survey of my recent stay in their hotels, The Hotel Vasilis, The Royal Hotel and The Riverside Hotel, oh my he did have hotels everywhere. I filled it in, in a non-too serious manner, besides his hotels were perfect, it was him I had an issue with, and anyway nobody actually reads these.
“So Mr Kaminis, what do I say about The Hotel Vasilis? It was a tiny piece of heaven, the only let down the quality of service and communication from your CEO. It was quite shocking. The Royal, in Hollywood, was another pleasant stay, but not as pleasant as the Vasilis, the company at the Royal though, was better than the company at the Vasilis. The Riverside Hotel is a truly beautiful hotel, it was so peaceful, and a relaxing time was had. Here I made new friends. Do I have any, complaints? Yes definitely, your complementary condoms, more are needed in the rooms. My new friends needed them.” I hit send, remembering that bloody night when the neighbours knocked on the door and asked me for my supply.
It shocked me, but I handed them over grinning. At least someone’s getting some. They were not really my new friends, they were my loud hotel room neighbours, two very rampant and young honeymooners. On one of the few times that they ventured out of their rooms. I’d had a few conversations with them. We chatted about everything, mainly sex related when they saw Geri’s book. They were people after Gerri’s heart it seems. They were into kinky sex and lots of it. I wore ear plugs at night. They were quite the flexible pair of exhibitionists. I am not a peeping tom. I was just not quick enough to get inside before they started to make love out there. I think they forgot they were doing it on the shared patio. I was hiding in my chair typing my book, I was unable to move in case they saw me, boy that went in the book. Lucky people, at least someone was getting some action, because it certainly wasn’t me.
The next dive holiday was three days in Cairns, the diving here was excellent, the underwater camera I bought was great. I did me some talking to the fishes and some diving on the Great Barrier reef wow. Why had it taken me so long to do this one? Brisbane next and two days of diving Julian’s rock and the surrounding trenches and caves oh, such bliss, the fishes, they listened again but don’t give me the answer to life’s questions. I swam into caves were I saw sleeping turtles. What a sight that was, it was fantastic and what a happy place to be. Gaining more dive hours and seeing such beauty, was well worth a visit. The Royal Hotel here lived up to its name such luxury and the food it was to die for. As I was going to be diving every day, I drank no alcohol, but totally used all their facilities to be relaxed and pampered, because no matter what I did I still had bad memories of Alex and his damn Russian and hated the fact that I’d lost out to the drug using lingerie model.
I am off to see Sidney next and his opera house, all touristy and so worth a visit. I had decided on no diving on this art of the trip, as the last dive, it took too much out of me. I was so tired after it, so reluctantly I decide to stay top side for a few days. The hotels I stop in are wonderful, I am truly surprised at how many of them are Alex’s? This next one isn’t his. I book the best one in whichever port of call there is. I must let them know his Royal here, is only the third best. I’m having a little fun with the hotel person who replies to my emails. We are now having a debate on what constitutes enough condoms. I’m fine with Bob, so none needed, but he doesn’t need to know that, besides he could be a she. I plummet for he because he types in a masculine way, there is no girly advice, so I stump for male of the species.
I accept that a dozen is about right, condoms that is, and daily checks are needed to see the supply has the date checked. He agrees, but says restraint is always the best course of action, its then I type in ‘what are you my mother’? He or she says just a concerned hotel employee. I have to agree, that abstinence can be safe, but so boring, has he given it a go? Now that I have had sex, I’m missing it. I’m missing the man who gave me the memory’s too, like mad. He messages me straight back. He is abstaining now and recommends it. I say tat-ta-for-now and log off.
My six weeks were flying by, literally, because this country is massive, and flying is the only way to about here quickly and I’m doing that again today, right over the outback, fan-bloody-tastic as Geri said it would be. I’m heading for a week of camping in the outback. I must thank her for not mentioning the spiders, snakes and all the other critters I had to check for. Getting back to Mother Nature is good and wonderful, my arse it is. Okay, it may have been had it not got big bloody biting snakes and spiders poisonous ones to boot, and all manner of ugly crap, the ugly fuckers were eaten by the guides for dinner, and it was our dinner too. I thank God I’d been wise enough to have packed my crisps.
I will remember this week forever and I can brag and tell people I have been on walkabout with an actual aboriginal guide and eaten some disgusting things, live things and bloody God damn dirty things. It’s a small wonder I haven’t come down with Witchetty Grub poisoning or lost at least two stone, my crisps ran out on day four. A week is more than enough for me, we are told that the aboriginal boys do this for up to twelve months, they have to learn to live off the land and reunite with the spirits of the ancestors, keeping the stories they are told alive.
Nope, desperate as I am to escape my own reality, this is definitely not for me, and I have had enough for now of drinking billy tea and eating goddamned live worms. Nope, I need comfort, good food and a weeklong soak in the bath, and sleep for another week... I lost yet another phone too, blast it, it seems I lose them all the time, thinking about it though I didn’t lose it I know where it is, well the last one anyway. The last one is on the log I sat on whilst throwing up the grub, it looked like a yellow marshmallow and yet it tasted disgusting. I can safely say it was the vilest thing I have ever put in my mouth.
England beckons tomorrow and I catch up on emails whilst I am ensconced in sheer luxury, no spiders no snakes and on tap room service, bliss. They want me in LA in four days. I have a couple of appointments in London, and if I don’t get any sleep, I can just about do it all. Besides, I can sleep on the plane. My pen pal from the Kaminis Group has sent me several e-mails, they accumulated due to my walkabout in the bush, because the reception on my phone was non-existent for some reason? I look to see what he is telling me off for now. ‘Thank you for stopping at three more of our hotels, I hope the condoms were plentiful enough, and you are continuing to enjoy your holiday?’
That sounded like he thought I was on a bonking holiday. I fire of a reply. ‘Sorry I hate to disappoint you the condoms were for my over enthused neighbours; they were on honeymoon. I am not feeling the need since the last time in the Hotel Vasilis, but thanks for asking. I am not a sleep around kind of girl, sorry to burst the bubble. Well I am, in the lovely hotels you have, but just for that purpose, sleeping.
I’m sad to say the hotel stops are finished for a while. I have a great deal of work to do. I don’t recommend your opening an outback hotel either. The place is full of critters and having spent a week in the outback, I needed the luxury of your Pearl of Perth, you need to change the name, it’s not nice enough for it. I will be back in America for a while, but alas I’m not stopping in your hotels as I have a home there, so goodbye my person of interest and tat-ta-for-now.’ I hit send and pack.
The last leg of my six weeks here had been the three days in Perth, where a new phone is purchased, and I wonder how long I will have this one? I sleep a lot here and I’m so tired doing nothing all day, I need to be kept busy. I have started another book and done a couple of re-writes to my script, but I am now looking forward to the weeks ahead. Geri says the film is steamy and just how she imagined it in her head, so I said, it’s a crazy sex filled odyssey then. I laughed she just told me to fuck of back to the outback. She has been having some fun too at Bohemia’s expense, nimble little thing. I hate to ask what positions she has her in, but the book is full of many weird ones. Nobody likes little Bobo either, apparently, she is a pain in the ass. I stopped short of asking what she did to annoy everyone, I will find out soon enough.
I head for the airport. Heathrow here I come, and I am drowning in first class luxury all the way home, and given I’d been in the air for another nineteen hours I feel amazingly refreshed when I get home. The flat Simon and I once owned has been sold. I didn’t need two places here. Its contents have either been shipped back to the USA or have been packed and sent to my other London home. I have a build-up of energy and unpack the boxes, sort through my mail and see that there’s one from Diana. I need to speak to my friend and gynaecologist. I need to get on the pill or something my schedule has been well and truly messed with, this past year, because of the happenings, so an appointment is made. She is eager for news on the film and my Greek God, so books me in the surgery straight away, her and Polly have been gossiping about my damned Greek tragedy that has more damn ‘tragedy’ in it than both the Steps and bloody Bee Gees songs, put together.
“Get your bum on the bed you know the drill.” Oh, I hate these examinations, I am coming back as a man next time, I swear legs up in the air and someone down there poking around, is so not funny, well unless its Alex and then, well that was way more than funny it was wondrous. What with bloods taken and tests of the more personal nature are needed, I grit my teeth and put my legs up in the fetching stirrups. I want to be a man when I come back, I may have said that many times today. I make small talk and ask if they had the results on my failure to conceive problems? She laughs.
“That Chloe dear is not a problem, you need not worry yourself about, well for a while anyway. Congratulations Chloe, you’re pregnant.” Of course I am, what else is going to come along and test my resolve to carry on with life after Alex? I’m having his child, and it’s hard to move on with that little nugget.
“What? Diana check again, please. We only had the two slip ups with the condoms breaking and I swear I was going to sort it, but well I didn’t think I could get pregnant? I had trouble and you said it would be hard to do? Am I pregnant, you’re sure I mean no mistake Diana? Oh hells bells, he’s oh... He is going to kill me. I’m really going to have the Demigods baby and he will go mad.” She was laughing I was rambling. “Really, there’s a baby, no shit, and a real baby, how? I mean I know how, err why, I don’t even feel pregnant and you’re definitely sure?”
“You’re early on. About eleven weeks maybe a little more? I’m definitely sure, you’re in this for a mid-April delivery. Here a picture of Junior Adonis. The Demigod will be fine, Greeks like a little tragedy and they love children, especially babies.”
“Oh, hell Diana how was I so stupid? I am going to be a crappy single parent.”
“No you’re not, everything will be fine, if you have little or no exertion and try to keep calm and carry on. There’s two of you now and try to cut down on the globetrotting for a while, eat healthily and you’ll be fine.” I’m slightly worried and majorly happy.
I left her and went home to pack. I’m booked on the flight and I did it all whilst in robot mode. This was happening, I knew it was, and I had a photo to prove it. I made the flight, took the flight, I was picked up at the airport and I am now home? Coming home for me now is entering an empty mansion. That is the only downside to being back here, returning to the mausoleum I call home, because she is now so depressing and empty. Gone from within her walls the sounds of laughter and merriment. I am seriously thinking of stopping in a hotel, it depresses me so much.
Simon and I had been happy here once. I don’t know what to do with the place. I don’t know what I’m going to be doing with my life, our lives and I’m not taking this in, that there are two of us now! I had the whole flight home and still I am in shock. I rub my belly and I cry a little and smile a little more. I’m at the studio first thing and I sleep in my comfortable bed and dream, dream that the past awful nightmarish months haven’t happened. I’m going to wake up, Simon will be getting the barbeque ready and Barry is here doing the catering with his boss and the catering crew and will have to be rushed to hospital, as he burns his fingers flipping the streaks with his hands, because the dumb fucker didn’t know how to use the tools. Jordon is here, Simon is here and he’s out and proud and married to Jordon. Gerri will be mixing me a cocksucker, don’t ask, okay you asked, it’s a bittersweet cocktail, her party piece. The dancing goes on to the small hours and then it turns into the dance macabre, as Alex turns up to the party with her, the leggy Russian.
I wake up in a hot mess, it was not the dream it started out as, nope it’s turned into a nightmare, not a dream about my perfect life. I’d laugh but it could at last be perfect, because I am pregnant and going to be a mum, all be it a single mum, but a good and happy one. I get ready for my first actual day on set and I’m told a very long day is ahead of me. I head off in one of Simons damned cars, as mine is in for a service. I look a flashy idiot in the equally flashy red Porsche, out and out flamboyance is not my thing, that was Simon’s style, what a surprise. I get out and grab my tea and do a walk around the established sets. I feel like I shouldn’t be here, missing the start of the shooting was sorely needed for me, but I should have stopped.
The sets look fantastic, you could actually be in the Harbour Hotel. The set makers have done really well. Sam is in particular high spirits too because his backers are impressed, and they are flying in for a set walk through next week. I settle down to the job in hand, with a week of filming and script changes already made. I am finding it easier to be a part of this gigantic happening. I do the changes and re-writes daily, sometimes hourly depending on Dummy, the hell fire director. I don’t think that’s his preferred name, but it’s what Gerri calls him. Poor Dominic has pissed her off and cut screens she thought were needed. They have all the sexy stuff in the can, there will be a few scenes in the open air they still have to do, but they come later on, whilst Abby is heavily pregnant, so now the rest of the shooting has started.
I walk on to the live set and Bohemia looks every inch the Abby, just like the book. She is all over Logan, well phew who wouldn’t be? He was after all whom the book was written for. Lord he is hot, and he has just schlepped in looking like he had stepped straight off the page. The pants are hanging from his hips, his shirt is open, and his ripped muscles are firm, oh God... His tight chested abs are all on display, oh hell I’m hot and bothered again, but it’s a pity he’s gay. Gerri didn’t know that when she wrote it with him in mind. She was sat at home with her leg in plaster, from breaking it whilst skiing and had started watching the cheesy daytime soaps of hospitals and dysfunctional families, horrid suicide television I call it, she did too.
She read a book, she read a crappy sex plot book, and decided she could write this stuff better and Lord did she, and all whilst she ogled Logan on his soap. She said she turned the sound off and had him read her words as she wrote them, she said he made her throb, I believed her to! When she said he was good at getting her off, but I didn’t ask for specifics, because I had a feeling she would have shared! I sit and watch as Dominic Hagen, the director, who is giving clear directions on how the scene should unfold. I watch them as they follow my script, it’s fantastic. I re-write the next day’s scenes and pass them by Dominic, then give the actors their new pages.
“We are going out tonight for something to eat at Luigi’s, fancy coming with us Chloe, catch up a bit, you’ve looked kind of down all week, come on angel?” Logan is being sweet.
“Why not, I need to go home, and change and I need to pick up a guest on the way home, but yes I’d like that, thanks Logan.”
“I’ll come back with you if you want. Just to keep you company, I hate going back to the hotel on my own, it’s so depressing eight weeks is taking its toll.” I laugh and think to myself, tell me about.
“Yes, all right I just have a stop off and pick up my house guest and then we can grab a coffee at mine?” We get in the car, and I go to pick up my special guest and I apologise for keep him waiting. “Holidays and such, I needed such a long, long holiday. I have some good news. You will love it, but let’s get you home first, and settled in your new home?” Opening the back door, I carefully get him safely strapped in. Logan looks at me and then at my passenger. “He’s a good friend, who’s stopping at mine for the foreseeable future.” He looked amused.
“Your friends a little on the quiet side, does he talk much?” He laughed at me, when it was not a good time, nor funny to be laughing in front of my friend.
“He always makes me laugh, always has a wicked sense of humour and is such a fun person to have in my life. I was wondering if I should throw a welcome home party for him, or have just quality alone time together?” We drive for a short while and Logan keeps turning and staring, does he not know it’s rude to stare?
“Quality over quantity always Chloe, it always works for me.”
“Well that works for me too, we are here and home, Sweetness.” Punching in the code the gates open and I drive up, as I get out Logan carries my things in the house as I take my guest inside, and as I open the door, we are photographed. Damn I forgot about those leaches. Logan ducks in the house as I shut the door. “We will be all over the papers tomorrow, Logan and his new woman. Sorry Logan, but I don’t like them at all. Right let’s put you to bed darling and get on with living.” Logan goes to say something and realises I was speaking to my guest.
I head to the garden with my best friend and carry out his last wishes. As I walk down the garden emptying his ashes on the rows of English Tea Roses, he’d had the gardener put in every month, roses he’d added to each happy month. He had continued with the custom even after we had split up, but those though were white ones. I looked at the lines of red roses and the lonely white bushes all on their own in a corner. A tear slipped down my face, as I tell him my news and tell him too, I am happy at last.
“Right, coffee and then I’m going to change. Help yourself to biscuits Logan, I need a shower.”
“This is a nice place, have you lived here long?”
“I did for a while, this is the place I call home here in America, well for now. I just don’t know what to do with it, I need to be in here in LA it’s where the work is, but I can write anywhere, it’s just the being around for the screen changes needed.” I poured him a drink and went to change. Coming down he was looking at the wall of photo’s, Simon’s grandiose wall of fame, full of starlets and friends alike, it was fantastic.
“I loved his work, he was my role model, I wanted to be just like him, and when he came out it was wonderful. It allowed a whole lot of us to follow suit, but hell you know how hard it is to get the good roles, being gay? I loved what turned out to be his eulogy you did with Cathy, very emotional Chloe very apt and everything you said was true, it used to be hard getting work being gay, thanks to him and you, it’s getting easier.”
“I do Logan, and when we cast you, it was running through my mind, would you be able to do it?”
“I am an actor darling, it’s what I do act. I need a new girlfriend, fancy being mine? You don’t have to marry me though.” Suddenly I begin laughing, which turns into hysterical laughter, for the first time in months I am laughing and enjoying it.
“I am forever your faithful fag hag, Logan. Come on let’s eat I’m starving. Do the press actually know you’re gay?”
“I don’t flaunt my friends around, and there’s nobody special enough to share all this with yet. I will eventually, I won’t hide behind a stunning fag hag. Thanks to Simon and a few others who are now out, I don’t need to. That was so deep for me, come on dinners on you. If you need a houseboy, just say the word?” I was stunned.
“I actually do Logan! I need company and there are plenty of rooms. Go on move in, you can have the west wing. I’m serious pack your stuff and move in, this way there’s someone in residence all the time.” I smiled as he sat at my side grinning.
“If you’re sure? I can pay my way, I’m in demand you know. This role has been a life changing experience. Bohemia keeps coming on to me though, that’s a problem for her not me. She isn’t as sweet as she comes across, she is far too into the chains, and the floggers and the stuff she whispers as we do the sex scenes turn my bits into a shrivelled prune.” He laughs as we pull up, and my car is valet parked. “After you roomy, this has been the best day. I can move in with you, you weren’t bullshitting?”
“No bullshitting, it’s what we both need, company and a friend, but no prancing around in your birthday suit and no wild orgies when I’m there.” We joined the rest of them at a window seat. I watched out the window as the world passed me by.
“Penny, for them Angel, you look all lost and at sea?” I looked at Logan and smiled.
“There’s too much going on and you’d need a whole roll of pennies Logan. Right can I have a cold glass of fresh orange juice please?” The rest ordered, and we ate drank and were merry all night. We went back to Logan’s hotel room and we loaded the car with his stuff, he too had been stopping at Alex’s place here. See, he sneaks past the gatekeeper again. As we pulled up, I keyed in the code and drove in, straight into the garage and then we carried his things to his rooms. He chose the back room overlooking the gardens. He looked around and smiled.
“This is the first proper home I’ve lived in, in quite a long time, not since Celia died have I had a home. Hers was given to her sister, when she passed and because she didn’t like me, she turned me out. I have been in the hands of my friends for a few years. I have the funds to buy somewhere, but as yet I haven’t found a home, this though may be the winner. I can’t thank you enough.”
I read his resume and his jacket from the private detective, which we had done when we did the final choosing. He’d been brought up in care, after his mother died in a gun accident with a neighbour. Looking at his jacket he’d had quite a rough childhood, but his last foster mum was an aging actress, Celia Nobel, whose name he uses and from whom he caught the acting bug. She seems the only stability in life he’s ever had.
“You’re doing me the favour. I was actually going to stop in a hotel, but well you popped into my life at just the right time. Right, come on your royal tour. It’s your wing, so you can do what you like with it. There is an upstairs laundry, so dump your things in there, and the housekeeper will have them laundered and put back before you know it, she doesn’t pick up off the floor or empty your laundry basket. She does the beds and cleans anything not too bad. She isn’t your nanny Logan, and don’t tell her this, but she is brilliant. Berta has been with Simon and me for a long time. She mothered Simon long before I arrived here, so she may be a little prickly with you, she’s only just getting used to me, but I would be lost without her here, and again don’t tell her I told you that.
Downstairs you saw the kitchen and morning room, the more frequently used rooms in the house. This is the fancy lounge, leading onto the dog’s bollocks of a dining room, with a bar that puts paying ones to shame, it is always fully stocked. If you party, you restock and hire cleaners in after them. Berta does not clean up after your parties either. Through those doors a cinema, that door games room, this room is my music room. If you touch anything you put back, everything back in its place, that room is a study and office with security and all the computer systems for the house, if you’re not sure ask. We did have a security guard on site and now you are stopping here, I suppose it would be a good idea to have them in again, because the fans and paparazzi are a nightmare.” We head down the staircase.
“Now, follow me down to the bat caves, the rooms down there are the best, and I know you will like them. To the right a sauna, Jacuzzi, and an indoor heated pool, fabulous for pool parties, it too has a bar in the end, and the upstairs rules apply down here too. To the back a fully equipped gym, the walls down here are all separated by one-sided, bullet proof glass windows down here, you can see out, but they outside can’t see in, working out with the view at the back is amazing. A few of the windows do open, but its fully air conditioned, the house, so remember to close doors and windows, for when in the heat is needed. To this side of the house, the love of Simon’s life, well apart from me that is. I don’t have a lot to do with this bit, the entrance is by the massive slide away glass doors, they again are one way too, this Logan, is the love of Simons life, I’m sorry I mean was, of course.” I opened the door. His face was a picture.
“The top garage he used for everyday car’s, these are his babies. At the back my baby, my wine cellar, which you do not go in. That is the one place you are banned from, me too for a while.”
“I don’t like wine, so it’s safe. The cars though they are beautiful, can I play with them? Please, let me they are wonderful.” His face was a picture.
“I don’t see why not, we need to get you insured but, well don’t crash them. I don’t like them they are too flashy and fast. I like my Prius, which does me. So, do you think you will like living with your fag hag then?”
“You’re not going to be sorry having me here angel, I love it. Now we need to get to sleep, we are up early the outside shots at the hotel are being done, and there’s a big thing going on, the owner is coming to oversee the whole thing.”
“Right I didn’t get that memo, the actual owner Alexander Kaminis?”
“The very same. He and his Russian friend are main backers for the film too. They are using all the Kaminis hotels in the film. I’m looking forward to doing the ones on his island, at the end of the week. Where were you when they sent out the memo’s angel, we all got them last week, have you checked your email?” I missed that flipping memo too. What else am I missing here?
“It’s lovely, you will love it, it’s a shame I’m at my Jamaican home next week. Nobody passed that information on to me. Look, get to bed and you can choose one of the flashy cars in the morning, and I’ll take you in, get you insured for them all and then you can drive back.”
I’m going to kill Sam, if he has done this on purpose, Gerri will save me. She has to. I didn’t sleep at all last night I tossed, and I turned and threw up with the worry because I couldn’t get out of it. Tomorrow are the opening scenes to the whole damned film and there is a lot of in house arguing about how it should look, and sound. Dominic and Gerri have come to blows several times about how it should be, they can’t agree on it and the scenes that follow, which are all important ones.
She would be with him, his Russian friend, how dare he waltz into my world and hijack it. I will keep out of his way, if he flaunts her in front of me, I will kill them both. I pulled my clothes out and dressed for work, sexy or practical, do I make him want me again or do I want to give the impression that I do not give a flying frig? I went with tight jeans, simple white tee shirt and pink shirt, my favourite Manolo’s and hair in a top ponytail. Logan was busy choosing his car for the day. He was lain on the hood of a red horse car, posing.
“The Ferrari are you sure? Well, come on let’s get this show on the road. God you queens and your flashy cars, right, are you ready?” I was dreading it. I pulled up doing the whole look at me in my red car thing. As Logan got out, he came running around for the keys picking me up and spinning me round. In full view of the complete cast and crew, with the sweetest of big brother kisses.
“Thank you, Sugar Mummy, you are the best.”
“Your older than me idiot. Don’t scratch it, I’m going to set up your insurances and phone your details through, behave.” Gerri was in the office when I got in. She had been doing yet more publicity for her book. I gave her a huge welcome, I’d missed our chats, our drinks and oh her straight talking Ozzie mouth.
“Have you shacked up with another gay guy? Hells teeth girl he’s a good-looking kid, are you all right? It’s a big day today, the opening scenes. I’m sure I wasn’t this worried about the sex scenes, but this has to grip them and keep them hooked. Alex is here and has asked about you, he’s damn hot girl, you’re a lucky bitch. He was waiting for you in reception to arrive and I think he may have seen the gay lover kiss you.”
“We are not an item Gerri and he has his Russian tart with him, he will be fine. Me though, that’s a whole new ball game. Why did nobody tell me he was here?”
“It was a need to know thing apparently. The Russian has security issues. I only found out this morning too. Don’t look at me like I’m telling lies, I really didn’t know until Alex introduced himself.”
“I found out last night after I got back with Logan from dinner, this is going to be tense and no fun at all.” I sighed and looked out of the windows, had he seen the very public display of affection with Logan earlier?
“Let’s get today out of the way and concentrate on that. Any major changes girl?”
“It looks fine I ran it through with Dom yesterday and he said it was good, we may change her shoes though, and get the whole sound build-up of the clipping of the shoes on the marble floors.”
“Show me. I don’t see the need to add that much detail, especially when he’s skipped on bigger things, the dick head.” I walk her down, she is in normal heels. 
“Walk to the reception and wait, listen to your feet as you walk. Then turn your back and wait for me to walk to you, your book just says she heads towards the reception, frightened and looking like a drowned rat. I had to embellish and work a little more dialect into the scene, the shoes, and the sounds. The speeches between Abby and Daniel should get them hooked, but only once she falls at his feet.
The audience will know if they have read the book, she has a shoe thing going on and as poor as she is, her fascination for her shoes have got her into debt and so needing this better job is essential. It was me who suggested to Dom about focusing on the shoes. So, I focused on that in yesterdays rewrites, she only gives her name at the desk in the book and waits around doing nothing. We had no choice but to embellish on the fact that she’s late and has a row with the receptionist, which Daniel hears from up there, but only after he’d heard the sounds of her heels crossing the floor below him, being he’s into heels and all that stuff right? How do you do that fuck and not stab them with the heels?” She laughs. Good she’s not mad at me too.
“Carefully, but some men like you walking on their backs VB, it’s a fetish thing, I think it’s kinda hot, digging your heels in a mans muscled thigh seeing him…”
“...Enough I get the picture, unfortunately.” She does as I ask, and I walk towards her my Manolo’s working the tiles.
“I see your point, he can hear her as well as see her, I see your point, it’s not like it’s a major change, but as you say needed.” Dom had joined Gerri and Bohemia, and she changes into the plain Manolo’s. Bo-The-Ho, as the cast and crew call her. I don’t know why? She seems all right to me. She gets to keep her wardrobe as part of her film deal, bitch I had my eye on those shoes. I sit in the production office and watch as they begin filming and I’m making the notes Dom wants changing, and he doesn’t need me on the floor getting in his way. This way I’m out of the way when and if Alex puts an appearance in. I go for tea and sit drinking it in the office, when Dom asks me to get my arse in and to be quick. I rush through the doors and walk towards him.
“Now that’s how I want you to walk in. Like that, you’re on a mission. Yours is to get this damn job interview over. Bohemia it’s one that you’ve driven for four hours to do in your car. It’s raining, and you’re fed up, wet, and with very little money in your pocket, your starving and you need this job to survive. Your debts are killing you and losing your last job for not putting out to your old boss, it means you’re being here is the last desperate act of keeping the wolves from the door, and days from having to live in your crappy car but remember that you’re running late too, and it is she who has your future on that notepad. 
Bohemia you need to be great, as in this is the first scene, you are not good, but great and you need to make it work Bohemia and put everything into it. Like you did with the eroticism in the bedroom scenes, make this just as important to the film, as you and your damned tits seemed to be in those scenes. The shoes are the details here, and they mean everything to this opening scene, so it is best you leave the attitude at the door and get into character. She’s not a bitch like you have been for the past two months.” Okay, Dom is pissed off and she is a bitch.
“These ‘mundane’ scenes as you called them yesterday are just as important as the ones you seemed to enjoy doing. Now work the heels so he has to see you, he’s up there, see him and know that he’s watching you, because you’ve see him from the doors, and your overwhelmed by his beauty and the sheer size of the buildings. You see your goal, the girl behind the desk, she is what’s between you and the solution to your problems. You see her and do what Chloe did work the heels. Daniel needs to hear you, see you, and not take his eyes off you. Thanks Chloe that’s all, take the rest of the day off, we don’t need the scripts working on, because today’s rewrites were great and given you women like the details, congratulations on getting it so right, good catch on the shoes.”
“See you tomorrow Dom.” He grabs my arm and speaks and as he does its rather loud and everyone can hear him.
“Oh, and thanks for taking Logan into your home, he was starting to worry me. We have to look after the lad. He’s the star of the show.” I smile and walk out and then I look at Bohemia and smile, she too smiles and then I slipped and as I slip I spot the smiling face of the bitch as I head down, then I stare at the spot where I slipped, only to see the Mochochocochnono crap, or whatever the shit it is she drinks, in a puddle? She did that on purpose, the bitch I saw the smile, though I didn’t see her spill it. I swear she’d done it on purpose. Crap, I’d hit my head hard on the floor and pull my stomach. Shit the baby. A hand comes into help me up.
“Are you all right Aello, falling for me again?” I stand up and shrug his arms from me.
“I’m fine thank you Mr Kaminis, nothing has changed from our last meeting, and your silence since has spoken volumes to me Alex, goodbye.” My heart is in my mouth and he’s still damn near perfect, though a little skinnier and God those eyes are burning into mine, they are filled with so much sadness and wanting. I walk off, working my Manolo’s hard too. I need to make the same point, but in reverse, because I am walking away from the drama and not back into it.
“Chloe, we need to speak we have things to talk about.” He shouts in Russian, why, he must be so used to talking to her all the time and thinks nothing of it. We have an audience of staff and crew.
“Alex, we have nothing to say, either in fucking Russian, Greek, or English.” I fire my newly acquired Greek at him. “You had your chance Alex and blew it. You quite spectacularly blew any and all chances you had when you brought her with you.” I switched to Russian, as my Greek seemed to make him laugh. “I hate how you made me feel, and I’m never going to forgive you for that, so leave me alone, we are through over finished. Am I making myself clear enough, or do you need me to text, Skype, message or Facebook it, what? Enjoy your chosen path Alex, I wish you well, with her. You look upset Alex, well join the fucking club, I have run away to get away from you and still you follow, leave me alone.”
Perhaps now he will leave me alone. I’m not the one engaged. I don’t need to know why I’m second best. I grab my bag from the office, fighting back the tears and the need to slap his face. I grab a taxi to see my doctor here. She does tests, and everything sounds fine. I’m trying hard not to think of Alex as she does the tests.
“Let’s do a scan and make you happy and show you your little one, up close and personal.” She leads me down to the room I lay down and a warm gel is applied and after several swipes of the wand on my belly, a wonderful picture in shades of gold and brown are on the screen. This looks better than the little black and white thing I have already.
“I can put it on a DVD Chloe, do you want photos?”
“Oh, look he’s moving that’s so fantastic. Will all this be on there for Alex to see? Please can I have two of everything, the disc too? Alex needs to see this. I will let his dad have copy, it seems only fair he’s given me this.” Am I really thinking of including him in all this? Of course I am, I am not a vindictive bitch, just a mad and sad one.
“It’s all on the disc Chloe, and yes it would be nice. Will he be with you when you call again, give it another five weeks and we will be able to tell if your right.”
“We’re not talking at the present pleasant time. It’s a Greek tragedy, my life at the moment. His too it seems, at a time when we should both be happy, we both look like shit, oops sorry, that slipped out and you didn’t need to hear all that.” The tears I cried, as I see in detail the child inside me. All finished and I head home taking a cab back. Keying in the code and walking up the path, I noticed the sewer rats are camping out in their cars again. Getting in and I hear Berta is complaining about something.
“More work for me, how long is he here for?” Logan has thrown his clothes in the hamper, and she is busy washing them.
“As long as he needs to be, but I have a feeling he’s here for good. He is in the west wing and don’t complain. Tell him what you expect, he’s really nice, and well we have to look after our very own Daniel Dark.” She has read the books repeatedly, and swoons as she realises, she’s going to be in the same house as him. He will be a big hit with her.
I spend the afternoon editing my holiday photos and putting a small and cute montage of little Adonis together. The DVD is so clear and detailed, and it makes me smile to see him there. In five weeks, I’m having a gender scan done, I find out what we’re having. I think he’s a boy, my tiny lump speaks to me and I hear a baby boy. Then I need to work out when to tell Alex? I can hardly run in tell church and say stop, marry me, I’m having your baby. He freaked when he thought, quite rightly as it turns out, we had made a baby. After I do him a copy and write Alex on the front. I fire an email off to my pen friend at Kamini’s Hotels.
“Regarding our conversations on condoms, please be aware of cheap shit ones you have in some of your hotels, they tend to be faulty and cause untold amounts of trouble. Oh, and I may be stopping in one of your lovely hotels again soon. I will let you know which ones when I decide.” I hit send and shut down. I go to my music room and hit the piano and play along to Enya, the sounds are busting out through the speakers at concert levels. I must have been in ages playing because my fingers were sore when I eventually finished, and the door had been opened at some point.
“Hi Angel, I’m sorry I tried to ask, but we have a guest. Who insisted on being let in actually she threatened to rip my balls off if I didn’t let her in, and I’m sorry Chloe, I’m not messing with her, she’s scary?”
“Who did you bring back?” Christ, please do not let it be Alex and his bimbo. Let it be Gerri, please let it be her, I need her straight talking right now.
“Right what’s up with VB then? You have had one on you forever.” I turned thank God it’s Gerri. “I listened to the playing and you only put her on when you’re in thinking mode. What’s that head of yours mulling over? You looked deep in thought when I tried to get your attention?”
“Come with me, I’ll show you. Logan thanks you she is the only one you bring home. Oh, you’re on all the docs for the baby’s downstairs. Go work out. You were looking a little flabby this morning. Your love handles are merging with the bottom of the six pack, Barrel Boy.” He threw a half-eaten bagel at me.
“Bitch take that back... I hate you right now. Oh God, she’s right, the bitch is right, God damn it.” He goes towards the gym, right, did he not realise that I was joking? God the damned drama queen is back in the house, good the house has returned to normal.
“This way and keep your calm, I’m still not sure what I’m doing just yet. Well tell me what you think?” I flicked on the computer and typed in my password ADONIS, and she watched the disc.
“Well fuck-a-duck. Chloe you’re having an alien. I thought all babies were supposed to be cute, and yours should be a good-looking Greek baby, it’s kind of, well it’s a damn ugly alien kid.” I gave her shoulder a squeeze.
“It’s half Greek and quarter Russian and quarter English, and he is quite beautiful, get it right. I’m so confused, angry, hormonal and shit a whole lot of angry. I’m going to Jamaica next week, can you do me a favour and stand in for me when they go to his island? I didn’t get the memo and I can’t go there. No matter what, because it’s way too soon Gerri. I nearly died seeing him again today.”
“He was in a foul mood after you left, it has to be said his poor assistant had his arse chewed, and it didn’t help the Russian guy was here too, they jabbered away all day. They seem to be getting on though.”
“There was no Russian girl with him Gerri?”
“No, just the guys and their assistants. Why who were you expecting?”
“I don’t know. His fiancée I guess?”
“I don’t mind going to Christos Chloe, I need a holiday fuck and I quite fancy seeing this Demigod for a few more days. He avoided me like the plague today. When you get back, will know what you’re doing? I will see you when we get back won’t I? You're not stopping out there forever, or are you?”
“No, I just need to get my head straight it’s in a mess right now, and I have got to see him again tomorrow too.”
“Do you want me to do tomorrow for you? He’s around all day again.”
“Would you mind?”
“As long as you promise this is just for a short break and not forever?”
“I'm just going to get my head straight about him, the baby, her and the thing that is my life. My bloody Cousin Polly picks me some bloody holidays Kanga. I will be back yes, and as soon as I can.”
“So, I am filling in for you for the rest of the week then. I may have more fun with Bo-the Ho!” She can give her some from me too.
“Cheers Kanga, that would be wonderful. I will pack and go tonight there’s no reason to stop in the same country as him at the moment.” 
With kisses, hugs given and the promise of me sorting everything out, she left. I didn’t need much, I had clothes there and a complete office set up too, so I just grabbed hand luggage, my phone, wallet and passport. Logan gave me a lift to the airport and dropped me off. I was running away again. Hell, the studio needs a copy of my book, I didn't give Berta the details, crap.
“Logan, there a disc in my office clearly marked. Someone’s coming for it tomorrow, and they will be from the studio. Make sure they sign for it, and unless they show you proof you don’t give it to them, it’s a copy of my book. Keep the orgies for the weekend and enjoy the house. Bye-bye, Logan, and please behave yourself.” Oh, should have warned him about Berta. Nope…? That will be a nice surprise for them both.


Chapter 11


My oh my, how we jet setters live, jetting here there and everywhere to escape real life. I wonder though, are they as lonely as I am? I do know I desperately need to snap the sodding hell out of the bad arsed attitude I find myself in. I have ignored his calls for almost a week and tempted as I am to answer them and tell him I’m pregnant and I don’t need the stress he is putting me under. I just ignore the chirp of my phone instead, seeing as he hasn’t stopped calling. I’ve had bloody days of crying moping and getting upset. It’s too bloody soon for baby blues?
I decide on a long walk along the beach, my own beach, how decadent? Simon actually loved it here. We would walk along the beach and head into Joe’s for a cocktail. Sing songs with the lads, and then walk back hand in hand along the ocean front, with never a care in the world. I cry a few tears. I really don’t know if it’s hormones or whether I’m just depressed? I stop at Joes for some curried goat and a fruit cocktail, all whist watching as the sunsets into the sea, taking pictures as it did.
Blissful peace was had, as I’d left my damned phone at home. Joe waved as I left, and I washed my feet in the water. I feel slightly queasy as I see the house come into view and I arrived back as the goat curry makes a spectacular reappearance, oh hell no and so it begins the sick thing… I shower and change into a crisp cotton sundress then I sit and chill on the decking, listening to the waves break against the shore, my housekeeper Desiree, asks if I need anything, before she goes to bed.
“No thanks get some sleep and please stop fussing. You don’t have to pander to my every whim Dee but thank you.”
“Goodnight Miss Chloe, if you need me just shouts. I’m only in ma rooms chile, and I listens out well for you Miss Chloe, no more sickness I look after you well enough, you and de baba. You need me you shout!”
“Okay, but I promise I will be fine Dee, I’m only pregnant, but thank you. It’s nice to be mothered, but stop spoiling me, or I will never want to leave.”
She smiled as she said goodnight and disappeared out of the lounge. My days here were not as relaxed as I hoped for, I brought my worries with me. I decide I want to watch a film, and to just chill and eat the dry crackers Dee has given me. I have that quiet evening cuddled on the comfortable couch, watching a rom-com and laughing at their cheesy lines and very tame love scenes. I eat the crackers and go to bed, listening to the waves breaking near my window as they crash and as they recede the calming water sounds are amazingly calming for me, and add in the calypso music in the distance and it does the job better than any sleeping pills can, so I lay awake listening to that for a while, the shoreline symphony causes me to fall into a deep and calming sleep.
Waking in the morning much refreshed, I have a healthy breakfast of fruits and water, and watch as Dee fusses around after her boys. They get the run of the house when I am not here, which I am ashamed to say, is not a lot at all maybe two weeks if I am lucky? I may spend more time here, when the baby comes and return to the swimming and diving. They run in and see I am here, and they are embarrassed.
“Bo, where did Kai and Reggie run off to, you don’t have to hide boys. This is your home too. I am going into town, do you three want to come with me. We could get some ice cream and give your Mama a break?” He asks Dee if they can go, a mama who says yes, but they have to be good, like they are ever bad, they are angels all six of them. The smallest three of her six boys climb in the back of the jeep. I have a shopping list to get. We spend a great day together, the boys get their ice cream, new trainers and a few bits and pieces they seem to like. I love to spoil them, and we spoil their mama too, we buy Dee some of her favourite chocolates from Bo, some perfume Kai says is her favourite, a fancy scarf from Reggie and a new hat for church on Sunday from the other boys. I get her a new dress to match. She will be as proud as a peacock in the battle of the big-hats this week.
“Right boys what say we take Mamas shopping and her birthday presents back?” They are cute sat quietly in the back of the jeep. I sigh how does she manage all on her own with six of them? I feel panic stricken at the thought of one. We get back and Dee cries she loves her hat, and her birthday gifts, she thanks me with a hug. I am shouted at too because she is mad about the shoes, but I tell her they are their birthday gifts. I feel so much better as I sit down to a light supper of a broth and crackers and watch the television. I flick through the channels, restlessly and as I'm flicking quickly through the channels, something catches my eye and I flick backwards.
“Live from Christos, disaster strikes at the filming of Dark Days.” I watch as the reporter stands on the cliff tops to the side of Alex’s villa. “Yes, owner of the island Alexander Kaminis, the billionaire hotel magnate, fell to his death early yesterday.” I dropped to my knees screaming at the screen. Dee comes rushing in as I scream at the television and I clutch on to my stomach and cry more. I am in a bad dream, yes, a bad dream. I throw up and I begin shaking. I see the woman on the television, and I get a headache and a pain in my belly.
“That’s the baby’s father? You must go, go find him Miss Chloe, yes you go find him, he safe I see he safe, for now, look to the cold, look deep, you find him. You go find him little one.” I am lost for what seems an age, I watch as she gets my things together. I fire up the laptop and book the tickets for the flight, as Dee’s older son Dante appears to take me to the airport. I watch the news reports as they are filming from the jetty and cutting in from the cliffs where he fell to his death. They switch back to the dratted news reporter.
“The whole island has been looking for his body, with the strong underlying currents, local diving brothers and his cousins, Nikos and Demetrius Kaminis have said there is very little chance of finding him. They have searched thoroughly for his body and after diving to see if he has been caught in the rocky seabed, they are of the opinion his body has been washed out to sea.”
They are in the background, and they don’t look at all upset, something is wrong, this whole thing is wrong? I should have told him a week ago he was going to be a father instead of running here. I’m confused and my headaches, nothing makes any sense, nothing. How did he fall? He was so careful on the cliff tops when we went for our walk. Why does that scene not look right? He should have known about his baby. I should have told him about the baby, why didn’t I? Now it is too late. I will tell Lilli, but how, she’s going to be devastated? My Jamaican family give me their blessing and hug me near to death. Dee puts a spell on me to keep me safe and I smile, I will take all the good she can throw my way. Dante drives me to the airport, and he takes me to check in.
“We will pray for you at church on Sunday, God will be good to you and to the baby’s father, Mama says he will be fine, come back to us Miss Chloe.”
“I will Dante, and look out for your mother, she looks tired.”
“She was sad to hear Mr Simon had died. She will be fine in her new hat. Thank you for that too.”
“I left an envelope on the dresser, it’s the money Simon left to your mother, I think she has ignored it on purpose. Please see to it she gets it.”
“I will, she is stubborn, but if it is what Mr Simon wanted, she will take it.”
“She has been a great help to me, now go or you will be late for the holidaymakers and all their tips, what will they do without seeing you?”
“They will move on to the next waiter to catch their eye. I was raised better, besides Mama would curse me if I did the jiggy with a girl without marriage.” He smiles and heads to the jeep. I bet he’s not so pure and innocent. I laugh, then again, his mama is quite scary even without her bones and powders. She practices a form of shamanism called Obeah, Simon put great store in her abilities to cure all, me? I went with whatever she made me drink, to help me get over my hangover. The funny thing is I didn’t tell her I was pregnant either, she just knew.
I arrive at the airport for my first leg of a horrific journey. I take the first of the planes I will need to get to Athens. The hours it will take make me feel nauseous. All that time I will be thinking of what I should have said and should have done. The first flight is from Montego Bay to Charlotte, arriving three hours later. After a long two hour wait, I might add seemed to take forever. Then Charlotte to Frankfurt, which was not too bad a flight, I did get some sleep. I arrive in Germany to a welcoming face.
Uncle Nik is waiting with Alexi’s jet and holds me as he gets me onto the plane. I’m finally back on the island hours later with Uncle Nik, who has been very quiet and has done nothing, but play with a string of bright red beads and mutter a prayer, after we leave the airport he takes me straight to the house. I feel a sense of dread as we approach the gates we’re allowed through. I start to panic, and I take his hand. The driver says something to Nik, and I let out a sob. I heard the words hopeless and dead.
“The search was called off this morning, Chloe. Lilli and the girls are devastated, they just want him home. They need to see his body it’s all they have of him.” Well, it’s all they think they have of him. I have part of him and sob into Nik’s shirt.
He hugs me tightly. Nik and I go towards the sounds of the sobbing and wailing. I see a room full of crying women, all in black and crying loudly. The girls are dressed in black and their faces are sad, their eyes are red and are encased in dark circles. They are so sad they are so pale and half shells of the girls I left behind. His mother runs to me and holds me tightly, she’s swearing at me for leaving him upset and half the man he was. A small thing she seems to be forgetting about though, is his fiancée? 
This is so awkward, because I want to tell them. I will have to soon, I scan the room full of mourner’s, but I can’t see Natasha? I can’t bring myself to tell Lilli of our miracle just yet, we need to be alone for that. Sophia is making tea in the kitchen. The slimy cousins comfort an elderly woman and as they look at me, they smile. I go out to the veranda and sit and stare at the cliffs that cost him his life. I sob into a cushion from the chair. My eyes are burning with my tears. There is no fiancée I note, she’s probably sorting out the look for the funeral. The girls come and put their arms around me.
“He’s got to be all right Chloe, he needs to be all right, the brothers want us out of their home and by the weekend, they want to move their families in.” I smile at that.
“They aren’t moving in here, their villa and land are the only thing their sons get, their fathers, your uncle’s cousins, they get nothing and everything else is yours. You and your sister get everything. Let them gloat, because they will find out soon enough.” I look at the girls and see them as the stunning girls Alex loved so much, as they cry into my arms, I sob with them.
“The villagers are looking for him too Chloe, he can’t be dead, he isn’t dead. We would know if he were dead, you would know too, we would, wouldn’t we?” I cry some more and take them back in as the cousins say something nasty to the girls, about living in their old house as a favour to their mother.
“Quit it, you are lucky he left your boys the land and their homes, you pair of thieves, you get nothing from him why would you? The girls get everything else, shut up you stupid pair of bastards. Why would Alex leave you anything when you robbed him? Now shut up or leave Alanis and Alexis home.” They laugh and say how would Alex’s whore know what they were getting and what business was it of mine? Everything was theirs. They were going to be wealthy men, one of them said, ‘at last.’
Alanis and Alexia lead me out to the terrace, before I went ballistic at the cousins. They would be laughing on their other side of their faces when I tell them about the baby. They said something in Greek, something about fighting with him, and it was now costing him more than the cost of a new boat. The Greek lessons I had been having weren’t too advanced yet, but I understood that much.
“Were they the only divers to search the caves Alanis?”
“Yes, they insisted, the locals are still out looking further out and in the coves all around the island everyone, including the children, are walking the beaches, the fishermen have put everything on hold to search. The men are looking all around the islands coast, nobody believes he’s dead, he has dived from those cliffs all his life Chloe and allowed us to dive from the too.” They are distraught.
“What about the rocks at the base of the cliff?”
“There aren’t any Chloe, you saw the clear sea beneath us that day, it opens straight into the caves. We have often jumped from there and Alex would always laugh because the current always pulled us into the caves each and every time. Do you think he would allow us to do it, if it were dangerous and we could be harmed?” No, no he wouldn’t.
Their safety was always his number one priority. That was what puzzled me, I couldn’t remember seeing rocks when we swam out of the cave. That was the troubling thing I was puzzled about, in their interview, they have lied. That’s when I remember Dee’s words, he is cold, and he is deep, he could be in the caves, he could be, I keep saying it over and over.
“Where are Thomas and Tobias? Please get them for me.” Alanis runs off and we, Alexia and I join Lilli and the others in the lounge, now transformed back from the pink bowed restaurant it was the last time I was here, into a lush and cosy sitting room, full of crying relatives. Joined by Hansel and Gretel the girls and I are go to the firework display terrace, were we are locked together, giving each other comfort. I speak to their bodyguards quietly...
“Can you please take me to where Alex was seen last? I’d like to see where he was last seen alive.” We are fighting back the tears and Alanis I think, it’s hard to tell them apart as their eyes are red and swollen, she is inconsolable as I grip her tightly telling her to shush. The cousins join us, and Hansel and Gretel protect the girls. Do they mistrust and hate them as much as I do? “Did you check for him at the Hotel Alexander, he may have made it there? The Brothers Grimm laugh and sneer at me.
“We don’t own an Alexander Hotel, well not to our knowledge, we have yet to see how many hotels we actually own.” I gasp, because they are pissing me off, are they in for a shock, but from that conversation, I garner they haven’t checked the caves at all. The girls, they too catch where I am going with this and that little nugget sets the wheels in motion.
“Oh, my mistake come on girls, come with me. The fresh air will do you good. We will take security with us Sophia.” She nods, and the girls follow me to the pool house. “Change quickly. Tobias stop up here in the pool house, please stay here, and let nobody past this door.” He looks at me stupidly. We change and head for the door. “Nobody gets past you, you sit and read. If you have to, tell anyone who comes down, we are on the cliff with Thomas.” He nods, but from the look I get he thinks I have lost the plot. I point Alanis at the magic door.
“Alanis do the honours, please.” Open sesame… “Right down all of you. Remember nobody gets past. Chances are they never looked beyond the first cave, they are so cock sure they get everything, had they looked properly they would have seen the Hotel Alexander.” He looks shocked, so it really was a secret passage.
“Do you think he’s alive, Chloe?”
“I hope so. I really hope so, for your sakes.” I grab at my belly and for his. Followed down by Thomas, who is swearing in Russian, apparently this is how the girls gave him the slip so many times. I swear back in Russian, telling him to keep calm. “If they haven’t checked, there’s a small chance he’s still alive, if not alive, then his body may be here. Thomas. We actually dived in these caves the last time I was here, there is only Alex and a few others who know of the steps, so we will be searching without people knowing we are here.” We excitedly reach the bottom.
Opening the door, there is nothing out of the ordinary, though the snorkels and things aren’t as neat as we left them. The cylinders are still there and all the breathing gear, the picnic basket has gone, Alex must have moved it. I decide I can do this far quicker on my own, the girls want to come, but I don’t want them to find his body, if that’s all I find. So they very reluctantly agree to sit and wait, whilst I do a quick dive through the series of caves. I take a breath and dive, with a quick kick of the flippers and I go in search of Alex, I have a feeling I will be bringing the body back, he has been missing for four days now.
The first cave is empty, and there is nothing out of the ordinary. I sigh, put back on the mask and dive into the hotel cave. I surface and look around, there’s something different, I hoist my backside out of the water and check, the middle bed is unmade, and there are cake wrappers under the pillow. I wonder who has been here, did he bring her here? Did the brothers get out and have a look, no, the sign is still there, so they didn’t come this way?
That leaves just the last cave and I sigh, clear my mask and take a deeper breath and push off hard with my flippers. I take the rope and quickly pull through to the other side. I am finding the diving harder work. It explains too the tiredness in Australia, the deep diving took more out of me because of little Adonis. I surface and take a second to catch my bearings and I use a flashlight and look into the cave. I see nothing, so get out of the water and walk a little further into the cave. I cannot see anything, and I slump on a rock and cry, and I scream a little which sends a haunting echo around the vast cave. I was so sure I would find him, or his body. Perhaps he was actually swept out into the sea? I go to get back in the water, when I hear his voice calling my name.
“Alex, oh, Alex you’re alive. You had me worried I thought you’d died Alex, everyone thinks you’re dead.” Rushing to him, I hold him tightly. He cries out in pain.
“Aello, you took your sweet time getting here?”
“Please tell me you didn’t set all this up to get me here. Please say it isn’t so, even you aren’t that heartless.”
“No, but I would have. If this is what it took to get you to speak to me? Chloe I was pushed off the cliffs… The film crew hired my idiot cousins to guard the top of the cliffs, as they filmed. They phoned me and got me up there to tell me they had paparazzi. Who, they said had pictures of the girls? I flew up to the cliff top, but it was a set up.
We’d argued, and it came to proper fists and fighting, the two of them against me. They needed my money for a new boat. I refused and well they thought with me out of the way they got everything, but they don’t get anything from me dying. Their sons get their homes and the land, but those two get nothing. Remember when I told you who the company would be left to. When we talked about why I worked so damned hard? Anyway, we fought when I told them this and they pushed me from the cliffs edge.”
“I do, I remember. I remember everything you told me. Everything Alex, including that you loved me, yet you’re marrying that whore, sorry, reformed drug taking whore.” He started laughing and then coughing up blood, hell I did a quick check. “You have a cracked rib. We need to get you out and fast.” He was struggling with his breathing. Shit, he’d punctured his lung. “Can you hold your breath long enough to swim through?”
“No, I have tried so many times to get out and with only one arm I cannot drag myself through with the ropes.”
“What made you come so far, if you were struggling?”
“The cousins came into the cave. I could hear them. I was asleep on the ledge tired and sore, and well I thought they would come through. I grabbed the flippers, and face mask then the basket of food. I spent an hour on the bed trying to fix my arm and the cuts, but it was so very painful. I then heard them in the next empty cave talking. They stopped in the cave for hours, drinking and discussing how to spend their millions and how to get the girls out of their home. They thanked the Gods that I had no children, and it would all go to them. They said they should check further in the caves and I swam through. I pulled my chest as I dragged the basket through. Good job I did, because it’s kept me alive.” He looked in pain with every breath he took.
“Right stop here but get in the water it’s slightly warmer. I will be back in two minutes.” I swim through to an awaiting threesome. They looked at me and I smiled. “He is alive, but he is badly injured. I need to get him out and fast. I need you three to get in here and I need to get back to him. I will tie the ropes together and you will have to pull the rope and him through and quickly.
We won’t have much time, he has a punctured lung and a broken leg, arm and several deep cuts. He is cold, and he is in the early stages of hypothermia and to top all of that off he is now coughing up blood. I will need you all to be calm and steady when you pull the rope. He will have the air tank on, and I will hold my breath.” I get out and grab the gear I need and the ropes, tying them together, as they hug each other. Even Thomas looks thrilled.
“Have you got a signal down here Thomas we need help?”
“Yes Miss Chloe, the whole villa is wired for Wi-Fi. Mr Kaminis likes his gadgets?” He points to the wireless thing on the cave roof that I thought was a bat. Alex really did like it down here, in his bat cave. I smile. He’s alive, but only just.
“Get Uncle Nik to get an ambulance to the dock and a dingy to the cave opening, get security to sit on the cousins, he is alive, but badly hurt and they did this to him. They fought him on the cliff top and left him for dead. I’m going to need you to jump in here now. Pull the ropes through gently, but quickly and do it when I tug at my end, he can’t swim and breathe, so you have about a minute to pull us out can you do that?” He makes a phone call and tells me everything is set. He strips and keeping his trousers on, he jumps in the pool.
“Two tugs and pull all three ropes through, all right? Don’t stop until he’s here. I can get myself out if I need to, but I will really need to keep hold. I need to guide him through the openings. Please be careful, all of you and remember please pull quickly and gently, remember that every jerk could kill him, but we have to get him out and quickly.” I dive into the water, in the gear and swim to find him. As I surface, he smiles.
“I thought you’d forgotten about me, Aello?” I tie a rope around my chest and then carefully around Alex. I talk him through the respirator. “When are we going to discuss our child Aello? We need to in case I don’t make it.”
“You will make it, and yes we do need to talk, we will talk later.”
“Your new boyfriend gave me a disc, and made me sign for it, did I really need to sign for it?” Note to oneself to kill Logan when we get out.
“Right Alex, something else for us to discuss, when you’re safe. Put this in your mouth, and let’s get ready, hold me as close as you can, and as firmly as you can. I have to guide us through the openings.” He held me tightly, and I took a deep breath and pulled hard twice. 
We shot through the caves like a cork out of a champagne bottle. As we came to a stop in the first cave, the girls were ecstatic, all whilst screaming and hugging their very injured Uncle, he had a broken arm, I’d made a rough splint for his arm with the sign for the Hotel Alexander. Strapping his broken arm to his chest with his belt, he has busted ribs and deep cuts to his legs and head. I could hear the sound of a motorboat. Nik came in to rescue us. The girls got in first and helped Nik and Thomas to get Alex to safety, they pull me on board and Thomas tells me he and his brother have to sort out the cousins, before the police get to them. I think they will be sorry they messed with their boss’s uncle. He puts on his things and runs the steps.
Alex has passed out with the pain of lifting him in the dingy, he’s cold and we wrap him in blankets which Nik had put in the boat. I sit and stare at him, not believing he is alive, as my hand caressing his face. I start crying again, he looks almost dead and he feels so cold. Five minutes later, which seems so much longer after battling through the press and the film crew, we are on our way to the little island hospital. Old from the outside, but ultra-modern inside.
Nik makes a few phone calls as I sit looking lost and staring at the doors, they had taken Alex through for treatment, he was in need of urgent attention and warmth. Then we can only sit and wait for information. It seems to take forever, and then his mother and sister rush in. They seem off with each other, but the girls soon bring them together, telling them of the rescue and how we all saved Alex. They gave us dry clothes, and we are told to change. As I change, I have to wonder where his fiancée is? I came halfway around the world, and yet she can’t manage to be here? You have chosen a keeper Alex.
“You need to drink this Chloe, its sweet tea you need it. We will get you checked over, come little one.” Uncle Nik is treating me with kid gloves.
Heck, he knows too. I go with him, as he speaks to a doctor they smile. I am given a thorough check over they check my blood pressure and check for the baby’s heart. Everything is fine, and I am allowed to leave. I wonder too about the confidentiality thing here on his island, in his hospital. I feel tired with all the travel and the excitement. I feel sick and I need air. I’m getting up to leave, as the doctors rush through. Nik and his mother rush to see him. They come back and Lilli crying… He’s died… No… God no… 
“He needs to speak to you Chloe, quickly they need to operate on him, and he refuses until he speaks to you.” I go through, unsure of what he expects from me, yet very glad he’s alive.
“Can I have a minute with Chloe, alone please?” That much Greek I understood, I’m clearly coming on great guns with my Greek. He’s smiling at me with those sparkling blue eyes and he’s drawing me in again. “Chloe, I love you really I do. Please don’t leave until we have spoken. I need to tell you everything, promise me you will not leave me again, not until we have spoken?”
“I promise to wait and listen to you Alex, you’re going to be fine.”
“If I’m not, the baby has been made my heir and I have signed paperwork acknowledging your child as mine.”
“Good job he is yours then, just in case you doubted it. Shut up and get yourself sorted. We have things to discuss.” I lean down and kiss his cheek.
“I’m not going to break, is that the best a dying man gets?” I kiss him as if it’s the last kiss I am ever going to get and hope to God it’s not. They rush him into the operating theatre. I go and wait in the sunshine. Sophia sits by my side and takes my hand in hers.
“Thanks for warning me he was coming to LA Sophia. You could have told me he was bringing Natasha with him? I almost made a proper idiot of myself, going to meet him only to be told they were engaged.” She is laughing. Did I upset her that much at the twin’s party?
“What has Alex told you?” She is speaking in Russian, so that nobody can tell what we are saying, I presume? I reply in it too, it’s all very cloak and dagger stuff.
“Nothing, he just said he loves me, but I’m confused, why say he loves me and yet he’s engaged to Natasha? Talk about a Greek tragedy.” She is smiling again.
“What I am going to tell you is and are my secrets, and one poor Alex has had to keep for far too long. He wanted to tell you the night of the girl’s party. I asked him if he could, to please wait. Just until I sorted out some of the mess my secrets and I have caused you all. I will, as they say start at the beginning. This though is not the pretty once upon a time story, it’s been more of a bloody nightmare actually.
My story with Alex started just over sixteen years ago, he had just turned eleven, and I rolled up on their doorstep, as his father Vasilis love child and heavily pregnant. I had in fact, been Vasilis mistress in Moscow for over a year, where I too come from. He was opening a hotel there and I was his interpreter and we fell in love. I had been seeing him a year and I was devastated when he left me to return to them. He loved his wife and his son, but he also loved me too.
They would always come first, this I found out when he left me. I’d always hoped I would be enough, and he would stay, but alas no, he said he’d keep in touch and he gave me a job in his hotel in Moscow. I found out I was pregnant and yet still I did not tell him about the babies, I didn’t want him to feel obligated to me. However, after a while, I couldn’t hide the pregnancy, especially as I was so skinny, and the babies were big. My father has a much feared man, by name and reputation in Moscow, and he still has. He tried to beat the name of the father from me, when that failed, he threw me out of his house, in nothing but the clothes on my back.
Then and only then did I contacted Vasilis and told him of the babies, and he got me a new identity. My real name is Valentina Mattel, Natasha is my much younger sister.” This was deep and like a Russian espionage novel or film oh hell whatever. “That day when she rang and said she was Natasha Andropov, I did not know. I swear Chloe. I had not seen her for nearly seventeen years. She was just a small blonde haired child of seven, when I saw her last. She was so convincing telling me of her love for Alex and the personal detail, only a lover would know about.
I knew who she really was when you showed me at awful video, because she mentioned my name quietly and damned me to hell, and then when I looked at her, I could see our mother in her eyes. I knew then she had lied, Alex does thorough checks on people he brings into the girl’s lives, had she been his girl, she wouldn’t have made it into our home. As it was, I was stupid and believed her lies. I would have been found out, she would only have to see the girls and would realise they are so like my mother.
I believe she apologised to you and Alex, and she told Alex my father’s name, he knew then who she was straight away. I had to help her; she had, because of me, been mentally tortured by him for years. He was forever telling her she would not be a tart, like her whore of a sister, who she was told had died a painful death from being a drug taking pregnant prostitute. He over protected her, and she rebelled, when she made it big in fashion and did not need his money, so he had no hold over her.
Her life spiralled out of control. She was weak and needed someone to run around after her. Father had her sheltered for so long she couldn’t cope in the real world, her boyfriend was good to her at first, and then got her hooked on drugs, it was the only way he could keep her controlled and with him. The rest you know. Alex because he loves his sisters, looked after mine. He and I have always had an uneasy friendship, because he has always known, what I am telling you.” Oh, heck, this would make a fantastic book. She has led a double life, no this is a wind up, surely? 
“He came back from India determined to find you. He had been sick, and it was only because Nik flew out and found them and then brought them back, that he is here at all. He was so, so ill, the diseases out there were horrific. He nearly died Chloe. Nik found them the night of your gala dinner and he borrowed a phone from a fellow traveller, Nik’s had run out of charge and was so happy, you and he texted all night long.
They got to Athens, and he was running a high fever again, and was in a fevered state for a full week. The week in which you dumped him in your rather unusual email and then in a text forwarded to Nik’s phone, from the phone owner, the one who leant Alex his phone in the Indian airport? We all thought was in a different language. Were you drunk when you sent it?” Oh, I may well have been…
“We brought him back to Christos, to relax and to get the sunshine and the medication he needed into his sick and weak body, but we were photographed. Alex couldn’t rest here without you, neither could he with the amount of hostility that he had to listen to, as Lilli and I argued. She wanted me out of her home. I can’t blame her really. I’d done nothing but lie to her from the moment I turned up on their doorstep heavily pregnant with Vasilis children. He told me what to say to Lilli and I did. That I was his illegitimate daughter from an affair he had with a pretty girl, when he was at the Saint Petersburg Resort Hotel. It was long before his marriage, and he was never told about me.” I remember Alex saying he hated his father leaving for the long trips, poor little boy missing his father.
“Lilli accepted that he had a life before her, as all good Greek women do and that they have affairs after marriage too. Vasilis didn’t need an affair. I was here as was Lilli. Please don’t look at me like that Chloe, I couldn’t help it. I loved Vasilis and he loved us both. I accepted what I could get, besides it’s sort of a custom here the more affluent the man, the more they seem to do it. She accepted me gladly as his daughter, she couldn’t have any more children after Alex’s difficult birth.
So was grateful to have me as a daughter, she was clueless and never questioned him taking his daughter with him on visits to his hotels. Why would she, I was his damned daughter, though she did ask me if he was seeing other women? I truthfully said no it was just me and him in the hotel rooms at night, and she was happy. She was so happy with the girls, two of them to spoil and yes, Yaya can and still does spoil them.
They were her little girls, they were raised lovingly as their grandchildren, and everyone loved the girls, especially Alex. He loved his sisters and he always has done. We told everyone the girl’s father was a mobster in the Russian mafia and had big connections, and he wanted his children. The truth is we didn’t want the girls photographed in case my father saw them. The mobster thing was true, he was KGB, and still has great power, as do a lot of his friends and unfortunately too, so do most of his enemies.
Poor Alex has had a hard time since his father’s death hiding our girls from the press because as they got older, they looked so like my mother, if he saw photographs with us together, my father he would recognise us. I thought he would find us then kill me and take our girls.” No wonder the security was tight, those poor girls living like that. My child isn’t living like that, ever.
“Vasilis didn’t like not being able to acknowledge his children, nor that they not having a normal life. Vasilis put a clause in his will and one that stated they were to learn our secret and that it was to be within a month of their sixteenth birthday. They were to learn they were his children, not his granddaughters. We were going to tell them in a month during a holiday or something, but Natasha’s arrival made it more urgent. We had now more problems to deal with that night was horrible. Her turning up drunk and taking a drug overdose in the bathroom here, hastened our need to tell the girls.
When we told the girls the whole tale, they, like their big brother already knew I was not related to Alex. They had taken hair samples and sent them away to be tested with mine, Alex’s and theirs and the results showed the obvious results. They have known for four years. Alex too knew from early on. He too sent samples away when he was twelve. Such smart children Vasilis had, but Lilli still didn’t know. We knew she would take it badly. So, you know who I am, and now why Alex didn’t get in touch with you, he was just too ill, he was sick and almost died in India of cholera.”
“No, he was photographed at the Villa, here with you and her the week after. Explain that?”
“Taken the very day he got back from Athens, after a week in a fevered state in an almost comatose state, they had him on such high painkillers and antibiotics to fight the fever. In that photograph, we were discussing how to tell Lilli the bad news, my father was coming, and she needed to be told the truth. Natasha was now free from the drugs, and we were telling him everything. Alex, he wanted you here to keep Lilli calm and with the news of the marriage, he hoped she would be fine.
Loving you as she does, you’re all she talks about, her Chloe, her soon to be the daughter she now adds though, one she’s never had. She thinks I’m hurt by her name calling, but I’m not, she obviously thinks I’m just the whore mistress of her husband at the moment. I hand the baton of being her daughter to you, good luck, she’s a bitch. Alex went against all doctor’s advice to go get his wayward bride from America. When he got there Natasha let slip the engagement, but where you got the idea of poor Alex, being lumbered with my feckless sister Natasha from I do not know? Alex has only ever had eyes for you, it’s been a long time since I saw his eyes sparkle as they do, his father’s passing, what that witch Alysia did and then keeping the girls safe has been such a burden, but you, you brought a real happiness back into his life.”
I sighed. He really was coming to propose to me, heck I mess up a lot running. “Alex was only taking Natasha to California. Her clinic is there, she is still there working on her recovery. Father didn’t want her to go on her own, so Alex offered to take her. On the flight, he was looking at the ring and she asked was it for you? He said he had sent you email after email, text after text and nothing. He was coming to ask you in person.” I blocked his email and his texts, from my phones. Then I lost that phone in the outback along with half my guts, when I ate a grub. I lost the new phone that he texted me on, or rather I smashed it when he hadn’t texted me back after the boozy fuel text thing, I had going on.
“They were discussing it, and the press jumped on the word engaged, when she spoke in Russian, she thought everyone spoke English in America, stupid girl. The rest you heard was wrong and taken in the wrong context perhaps? He doesn’t love Natasha. He hoped you would wait, and he hoped that his sudden appearance would make you talk to him. When he dropped Natasha off and went to your home to find you, your housekeeper said you’d just left. He then went to the studio, he had talks with Sam, who was struggling with the backing of the film and as a consequence, he and my father are now backers for your films and Dark Days and the two more that will follow.
Father knows that the film was a good sound business arrangement and Alex just wanted a reason to be in your life. This way he could be close to you. Being a backer, he would know where you were, Chloe he wanted in your life any which way he could be. Then you did the disappearing act for quite a while, making him even worse, he came back still quite poorly having just missed you. So poor Alex, he was stuck here and listening to the chaos that was me and Lilli. Then the girls waded in on Yaya’s side, Lilli had learned of the secret too, we had very little choice she had to be told, when my father came to stop here at the villa.
When he got to the island, we had a few weeks of getting to know each other again. He had been looking for me, but because Vasilis and then Alex were so vigilant in our protection, he never knew where we were. I don’t blame her, and I don’t like her either, as I said she’s a bitch and the way she plays poor Alex.
Arghhhh, she’s a … Bitch sorry, I usually silently scream that every time I see her. She made Alex stop and look after her taking to her bed and threatening to kill herself.” She continues her story, their story. “His mother though, arghhhh, she was such a drama queen and would get worse every time he got ready to leave to follow you, still against doctor’s orders I might add, but that time it was around Australia? You travel a lot Chloe, is their Russian Gypsy in you?” I laugh, yes on my fathers, grandmother’s side.
“She would throw a fit, saying he did not love her if he left and she would have nothing to live for. So, he stopped here with her, but his stopping was a good thing, because he got the treatments he needed. The whole time apart from you, for him, it has been a nightmare. Then he found out you had to be on set, and well he went again, in search of the running Chloe. I agreed to help him escape, I just wanted you both to be happy, and he is only happy when he is with you or near you.
When he can’t see you, he is like a chained dancing bear. He got back from trying to see you again, just this week and hell he was… He was pissed off and hurt. I was blamed for making him ill again by allowing him to escape her clutches, let me tell you that woman ate and ate whilst he was away, if she were to die, it would be of overeating.” I laugh because they really do hate each other. I admit Nik told me his friend was not a faithful husband, but I didn’t realise how unfaithful he was.
“What did I do to piss him off, because he was the one with the Russian on his arm?” She laughed, okay I got that all wrong.
“Firstly, you had a new boyfriend in your life. Then, you were living with him. Oh, the green-eyed monster had nothing on him. Next, you didn’t give a damn about him, and you presented your new boyfriend with a flashy car in front of him, he was devastated. Then you had run away again. This time talking his child with you, this made him very sad and angry, that you hated him enough to keep him from his child? The thought of you raising his child with another man tore him to pieces, he was devastated when he got back here, it was the week they started filming. He shut himself away, looking at your child on his laptop, all the time crying and touching the screen. His child, he said would have a mother and a father who loved him.
He had the jet fuelled, and it was waiting to go. He was to bring you back here, once he’d married you. He was flying you to Vegas and marrying you in his hotel there. Then the bastard cousins did this to him. India nearly killed him too. Chloe you need to know he nearly died three perhaps four times since you split up, and all he thought about was you being left alone. You run a lot from your problem's Chloe, stay and face them this time, because he wants to marry you, just you. He has had that blasted ring, a ring he had designed three days after he met you.
He finally got it when he returned from Switzerland, he had it sent to Bulgari store in Athens and he picked it up when he went to get the girls their rings, he fully intended asking you the night of the party, then again on the night he got called to India, then LA, that much travelled ring, it’s been burning a hole in his pocket, not being able to give it you. I swear you two need to be locked in a room, and your heads banging together.” I was shocked at the news she had just told me. She was right about me too. I do run, I run a lot.
“He wants to marry me? I deleted all his emails and texts unread, because I thought he was engaged to Natasha. Like you say, I just run and keep running, it’s time I stopped. I just need him to be well and to come through this in one piece, thank God I watched the television when I did, and I’d hate to think if I hadn’t come back what would have happened. I just need to talk to him. So how any people know about the baby?”
“Alex of course, Uncle Nik and me, the girls know something big is coming they think it’s a wedding, as does the bitch, I mean your new mother.” I laugh because they really do not like each other with bloody good reason. We go in for an update.
“He’s just out of surgery, everything went fine. He had a tension pneumothorax and they fixed that with a little needle, they were successful in letting the air out and that’s going to be fine. The major surgery was for his arm, it’s had to be re-set and pinned. His head looks worse than it is, his leg is broken too, a straight snap and though painful it didn’t require pinning, and he has cut’s bruises all over his poor body and is lucky to be alive.” I let out a sigh as Uncle Nik hugs me. I cry into his chest as he just holds me. 
“We will take you home because you need to sleep, and you need to be cared for too little one.” I pull away from him.
“I’m not going anywhere. I promised I would be here when he woke, and I need to speak to him.”
“Well, we will leave you and come back later, with food for you both.” He smiled and took the family back with him. The nurse called me to his room; she pointed to the chair, and I sat and watched him, pulling the chair closer to the bed, as I held his hand and put my head over it, I’m feeling so very tired, so sleepy.
“Chloe get on here with me and sleep. Please, you two need to sleep too.” Too tired to argue I carefully climbed on the bed, at his side and I nestled into his chest and as I felt his chest rise and fall and listening to the gentle sound of his heartbeat I felt better than I had done in months.
“Sleep, Aello I love you and our little one, sleep and then we talk.” I sighed and slept.


Chapter 12


Quietly awakened by a nurse in the morning, I climbed off the bed and went to use the toilet and have as good a wash as I could. I returned to stand at the window and watch as they checked him over. I watch as he grimaces as they prod and poke, he smiles at me. That smile is an emotional time bomb. Alanis and Alexia were rushing in to see him as I waited, followed in by Lilli, Silvia and Nik.
“He slept well, and the doctors are looking him over now. I feel sick, so excuse me whilst I get some fresh air, and tell him I haven’t left.” I went to sit on one of the benches outside, I’m overwhelmed and confused, so very confused.
“Good morning roomy. Might I ask what are you doing here? Didn’t I drop you off to go to Jamaica?” Logan was smiling down at me.
“It’s a long story, how are you, and how’s filming going?”
“It’s going just fine. This place is paradise, please tell me again why you left?”
“It’s a long story, I have a few issues with the place and the owner and well, being hurt is the worst one. I need to stop running away from my problems and sit down and just talk. Alex is going to be fine, and we need to discuss things. He won’t be able to fly for a while, so I will stop here.”
“All this way just to save your Greek lover, you should write a book Chloe, you’re the talk of the hotel, where they say that you’re his girlfriend? You didn’t say you were dating anyone, let alone a man who looks like a Greek God. Chloe, you are a dark horse.”
“That’s because I didn’t think I was and it’s complicated? We have to talk. The disc you gave him, why pray tell did you give it him?”
“You said someone would come from the studio, for the disc. He said he was Alex and had come from the studio. So I gave it him, because it had his name on it. Why did I do something wrong? Should he not have had it your book?” I just ummed as Nik came for me.
“Come on meet Alex. I’m sure he wants to meet my new boyfriend.” He followed me. Poor Alex looked mad, as I walked in with Logan. “Alex, please meet Logan, my house sitter and friend and the one you have to thank for the disc. Logan this is Alex, best you get back to filming and thanks for coming and checking on me.”
“Nice to meet you Alex, right roomy see you in a while.” He walked off, watched by Alex.
“So, he isn’t your lover then? I was so sure he was.”
“You really shouldn’t presume Alex. We need to talk Alex. It seems we have a lot to talk about.”
“I have questions too, but do we need to do this now Aello?”
“Indeed we do, let’s start with your fiancée? Who isn’t here I see? Has anyone told her?” He looks shocked.
“I have no fiancée yet, because you haven’t said yes?” I know he hasn’t, I just don’t want to look more stupid than I needed to. I should have realised, but in my defence the press conference did fit better with my version of the sad events.
“Well, I presumed you were engaged especially after your announcement at the airport, the one at your impromptu press conference? I listened to the whole thing whilst I hid behind a potted palm tree crying and alone just ten feet from you. I’d rushed to meet you to tell you how much I loved you, and how much I missed you. To see you with her and those arms were all around each other, and then the bottom dropped from my world. You tell them of your engagement, and Natasha saying yes, she would marry you. I left hurt way more than I had ever been hurt before and alone. I grabbed my stuff and ran. Something I’m getting good at since I met you.”
“Aello, I have loved you since you stepped on my foot. I felt so differently about you. Then when I realised that I was your first… I felt the need to protect you. What was mine, was just mine, you Chloe are mine. I wanted to ask you to marry me when I got back from Geneva, I had our beech decked out, with lights and a bed, and a cabana to spend the night under the stars, there where I would ask you to marry me, but we had that conversation about marrying Simon on holiday, and you wouldn’t be that stupid again. So I put off asking you that night. Then I was going to ask you when we got drunk that last night. I picked up your ring, when I picked up the girl’s rings. I have been carrying it around forever, please pass me my trousers.” I passed him them. “Obviously, I can’t get down on one knee and ask but please marry me?” He opens the box and I stare in at the ring.
“So, you’re not asking just because of your child then? I can’t marry you if that’s the only reason.”
“I love you, which is the only reason I’m asking you, just you. I have never wanted to marry anybody before, only you.” He smiles as he hands me the ring. “Marry me Chloe? Make me happy. I intend to make you happy for the rest of our lives.”
“Yes...” He puts the ring on and kisses me. “I have to go back to LA for a while, the film and finishing tying some loose ends up there, but I will be back as soon as I can, but for the next week I’m all yours.”
“I’m sorry about Simon, are you feeling all right? If you can wait, I will see about coming with you? I don’t want to be apart from you ever, we are never spending another night apart.”
“We have lots to talk about, before the gold band goes on the finger Mr Kaminis.” He sighs as his mother brings in his fresh clothes. I help get him dressed much to her annoyance. We head back to the villa and set him up in bed where food and drink are brought to him on the hour, his mother fuses and generally won’t leave him or us alone. He swears at the next lot of food brought to him. “Stop that, they are only worried about you. She thought she had lost her only child, her beloved son, and for four days, she hasn’t slept Alex and has been so heartbroken and she has cried and screamed like you wouldn’t believe, so please Alex give her a few minutes of time pandering to your needs, and stop whining, please?”
“I’m not whining Aello… I do ache a little though. I want to talk to you, hold you, and kiss you. I can’t do that with that lot keep coming in. Well we could, but they wouldn’t like it.”
“You can’t be serious, you’re thinking of that, with half your body in plaster?”
“I am yes, it’s only half and the important part hasn’t got a cast on him, it’s been too long, and I need to be in my favourite place.” He winked, and he smiled that bloody smile.
“I’m sure that would be against all medical advice, remember no strenuous exercise? I don’t want you to be dying on me, and two minutes ago you ached?”
“Well I do ache, for you and see the ache’s getting harder. What do you suggest Aello, I have needs, that only my fiancée can meet?” He wasn’t kidding either, he was a little erect?
“We talk, and we cuddle for now and see if you’re better in a few days. Then we ask the doctors if it’s safe. Then and only then do we do the rude things you want to do to me. Firstly, the trip to India, why did you not get in touch? If Nik hadn’t gone to India and brought you back, you could have died over there.”
“The whole crew was sick, it was only when their relatives started asking questions, that Nik flew the other plane over. He couldn’t get straight answers from anyone over there, plus the place was a total disaster area, full of devastation and disease. I still can’t stand thinking about the smell and the rotting animal carcasses we found. The hotel had been full and luckily for us they were on the change-over day, so most of the guests were already on route to the airport. The majority of the deaths were staff. I had to help find them, we needed to find their bodies. Thirteen days it took for the waters to subside and another six to get heavy lifting gear in. The bodies we pulled out were well let’s just say, I never want to see that again. I wasn’t eating, and I was sick, and not keeping anything down, but we had to find the last body and when we did, I fell ill.
The crew and I, we were in a hotel in the middle of nowhere, we were out of contact with everyone, Nik came, oh hell I was glad to see him we all were, he had us flown to Athens and treated. Fortunately, it was only mild for them as I’d been in at the deep end and I was not up to date with all inoculations, I’d been a little lapse in getting them done again. Cholera and typhoid fever were suspected, luckily for me Nik appeared when he did, and I was pumped full of antibiotics and fluids because I had a bad case of cholera.
I lost my phone in the floodwaters and couldn’t reply to any messages. The internet was non-existent, and the information was sporadic and useless, that’s why Nik came to get me, he had a bad three days of being run around and getting nowhere fast, and so he took charge, I owe him my life. It was bad enough that the disease knocked me off my feet for weeks. Mitéra, in the meantime played the whole Sophia thing to her advantage. She made me piggy in the middle. That annoyed me that she was keeping me from you.
I emailed you and texted you from my new phone. I messaged you sent messages to the studio. I’d had enough of getting no replies. Mitéra and the girls went shopping to the mainland. I jumped in the plane, and came to get you and whisk you off, and bring you back here to marry me. I offered to take the loopy bitch sister of Sophia to California, that was the only reason she was on my plane this time, no hanky panky no sex just helping my sister get her sister sorted out and helping Anatoly out too.
Then getting there, Natasha was speaking in Russian about our engagement and she thought nobody else heard her, and well someone did. I laughed because she was goading me with, what if you wouldn’t marry me and she said, which is what you heard, she would, if you said no. I was laughing at her, because she didn’t and never has stood a chance. I had to find you. I had just missed, the housekeeper said you had left minutes before, Sam said he didn’t know where you were, he had worries of his own his backer had pulled out. I felt if I was involved with the film then I could find you that way. Gerri wouldn’t tell me where you were. I flew back home tired and exhausted. I didn’t know where else to look.
When I got home, I stopped in the villa my illness was back, and I needed to get some much needed and urgent treatment. I’d stopped treatment mid-course to get you, so before it was too late. I was treated properly, which was with some serious antibiotics. So I worked from home, and then I had an email ping into my inbox one day. You’d mentioned C.E.O in one of the hotel surveys that I am so insistent on, so I can improve things in my hotels. Yours mentioned C.E.O, so it came straight to me. I then had all your emails sent straight to me after that first one.
I’d at last got a way of finding you, but mother was being a prima donna again, and the girls were being a handful for their mother, so I decided to monitor your emails. I lost you for a while. I was the one answering your emails. I found the one about needing more condoms the most hurtful thing in the world. It was weeks before you set me straight. The last time you had sex was with me on the day I got back, it was rather wet as I recall?” I laughed at the thought of pushing the very rude waiter in the pool.
“I thought you knew me better than that Alex? I’m not like that. I was angry at you but missing you too.” He smiles as he continues the story.
"The twins, Anatoly and I, headed to see the film set. We headed to see you. I was ecstatic, and you were to be on the set, and you couldn't escape. The girls too were excited to take you up on the offer of the tour and to see their soon to be new sister. I waited like a puppy dog in the reception and you pulled up and hurt me by flaunting your new lover at me, then gifting him the car and the kiss, oh hell Aello, that was a killer blow. Then the argument in the foyer of the hotel, that and your fall had me worried and confused? I didn't have a clue, what you were on about, I thought you’d hurt your head and were confused or concussed?" I sighed as the tears fell down his face.
"I asked Gerri where you had gone, she shrugged her shoulders and walked off. I was angry with everyone, and went in search of you, finding out I had just missed you. Logan, who I thought was your new boyfriend, he gave me a disc as I buzzed the gate, he asked who I was? I told him Alex, and that I had come straight from the studio to see you. He made me sign for the package. I rushed back to see what you had given me and wow what a gift you gave me.
I spent hours staring at the amazing thing on the disc, my child, our child. Then I needed you more, but I had yet more problems to sort out, and had to be in Athens for more talks with the Chinese. Then I went to tell Mitéra, about our upcoming wedding, and for her to arrange the biggest wedding the island had ever seen. I was coming back to get you and carry your screaming, beautiful, and pregnant arse back here, back home to me. You know the rest so can you, can we you know, put the past behind us? I love you and the child you carry." I smile as he remembers the jokey emails I sent to the pen pal at head office.
“I would love for you to explain, you’re only let down being the quality of service, and communication from the Greek Lothario, C.E.O had been shocking. I thought I had been very good at the servicing part, the communication? Yes, that I admit I needed help with, but you were as bad. Now you know I like to fix all my guest’s problems. Aello I think I need to address the servicing one quickly.”
“Tell you what, I will do some research and if it says your good to go, I will my daring Alex, service the life out of you. Being pregnant is making me want sex so badly. So, if it says you’re good to go, you will be serviced within an inch of your life.” He had me type in the question in and on several sites said as long as he was careful it would be fine, though the majority suggested he could be the one taking it easy, and I needed to do the work. That worked for him and I am more than up for the task...
“Lock the door and get your cute backside back over here and service the boss.” We took it easy, I really had missed him and having sex now. I’d done it meant I wanted more. However, our first attempt, let’s just say it more hit than miss, well it was full of laughter and not as romantic as it could have been. I got clonked by his plaster cast arm, his leg plaster was in the way, and his laughter made his breathing turn funny. We made do with what we had done already, falling asleep at his side fully serviced by his now fiancée, he told me he loved me repeatedly. I always like hearing that.


Chapter 13


We've had wonderful sex every night since that first comedic night and in some nice places to, um and we made love in the plane and on his yacht. We’d completed the to do me list and several times over, this man is getting all the sex he needs from me and on demand and at home, and not with any mistresses. He assures me this is where he and his father differ, he will always be faithful to his wife. Alex went with me to America to finish my part of the film. We stopped at my house whilst he recovered, and he loved it and my damned wine collection and the cars, what is it with men and flashy cars? He had his plaster cast off whilst we were there. We’d had six full weeks of clumsy sex and then finally his casts were both off and so were the restraints, nope I’m not into the Dark Days play-things, the casts were very restrictive...
We also went for another batch of tests and a scan and found out our baby was a baby boy, who I’d already bonded with. Nikolai Vasilis Grigory, he was to be named after Uncle Nik for saving his daddy. That alone was worth the flight to America for, Alex seeing it too. The girls came with us too, to see their Aunt Natasha, and for their promised walk around a film set. They sat in to watch the last of the film’s final takes, there was nothing too risky in it for big brother to explain. I went on my visit to the children’s hospice and they will never shut and never want for anything. Alex saw to that. However, my book would keep them comfortable for many years to come. The film is scheduled for a late summer shooting.
The film Dark Days premiered in December. The girls looked stunning in their dresses and walked the carpet with their Grandfather Anatoly and their Aunt Natasha, whilst their mother, Valentina or Sophia, the name depends on who talks to her. She, well she opted for waiting in the cinema. She still doesn’t like cameras. I’m walking the red carpet with my gorgeous new husband, when I’m asked whose dress was I wearing tonight. I bit my lip and didn’t say I’d borrowed it from a circus.
“Alicia Magenta, our fabulous costume designer from Dark Days, she is such a fantastic designer.”
“Those are some serious jewels there Chloe.”
“They are so very beautiful thank you. They were wedding gifts from my husband Alex.”
“You two are married? When did that happen?”
“We were married, when Chloe finished filming the movie and have been doing the whole honeymoon thing. We had to wait until I got the plaster cast off. My wife didn’t want them to spoil the wedding photos. I took a little tumble in late summer and had to have my fiancée come rescue me.” She laughed as I hit Alex, as they both laughed more.
“Where were you married Alex?”
“We were married on Christos at our local church there, such a wonderful day, a day we shared with the whole island and our friends and family.”
“Well congratulations and enjoy the rest of your honeymoon.” We were, as we still had a few hotels to christen, before Nik Junior makes his appearance, as he promised Alex is definitely less involved in the day to day running of his empire.
He is training his sisters to help run the business and they love it. They loved globetrotting. We had a few months rest and relaxation and all because his mother made me feel useless, pandering to her son and getting to him before me, nine times out of ten. I was not a happy bunny, sharing him. So, we spent a lot of time travelling. I wanted to live on Christos in the villa there permanently, Alex agreed. His mother, she didn’t like winters on the island they were far too cold. I loved it and we were alone and making it ready for our son’s arrival.
All manner of Greek relatives came when the season opened again for Easter and the family descended again, the girls too were on the way back from Russia, with their mother, aunt and grandfather. We’d had months to ourselves, now the house was again full of guests, jabbering on in Greek. I listened as they talked about the poor boys in prison… God did I spew, I screamed at them in my now fluent Greek.
“Stop insulting my husband. How dare you do so whilst taking his hospitality greedily, and throwing it back in his face whilst speaking badly of him behind is back? Leave if you believe for one second that what the cousins did was acceptable to the man who they robbed of almost a half a million euros, in fake boat goods. Add in the million euro fine, for not being licenced divers! Which Alex paid, another million Euros in fines because the boat was a wreck and a liability and another hefty fine for having no insurance. I might add they took the insurance money from Alex but didn’t buy it. Yet still they wanted more money for another new boat from Alex. Talk about robbing him blind and he who loves his family so much.
Well no more, you lot have had enough, my husband works hard for the money he gets. He sees to it that you lot all have a well repaired roof over your heads. Ouzo in your belly, to wash down the food you gladly consume, year after year. He does it all for you, because he loves his family and it his honour to look after you, as did his father. Poor Vasilis did more to protect this family than you know and because you are so adamant that he may God rest his soul, stole the Hotel Santos from his brother, then let me put you straight. Alex and his poor mother would not want you upset, but I do not give a damn what you think of me.
Vasilis also had to deal with his brother and his nephew's drink and gambling problems, and all done in secret for fear of hurting you. You all think he robbed the Santos from Nektarios, well he didn’t he bought his father’s hotel from a loan shark, someone he lost it to in a game of cards, that’s why Vasilis owns it and why Alex restored it, to honour both his father and his grandfather.”
The wailing from great-grandma went down well, and the elderly aunts acted like they were shocked, like hell they were. Everyone knew apart from Santos’s widow. I’d had enough of hearing about her thief of a son Vasilis and his equally dodgy son Alex. I kept my Greek lessons secret, so I knew what they thought of me trapping Alex into marriage. That I could handle, but the lies Alex has told wear him down and it’s too much for him to bear. So, I am relieving him of the burden, let them hate me instead. Lilli looks over and smiles as I continue my rant.
“Those drunk and nasty bothers nearly killed him that day, those same sons of and equally arrogant man, one who also loved to drink and gamble rather than work for it were lazy thieves and you think so highly of them? Well no more, after today there is no free ride for anyone who thinks my husband and his father were the bad people here. They were only ever thinking only ever of themselves the brothers didn’t even think of ther wives and family because, Alex and his father provide their family with a roof over their heads and food in their bellies and clothes on their back too. He sees it as a great honour that was handed down from his beloved father to continue doing so and they both did it all without moaning or a complaining about it. I’m though a little angry you favour the two who are in prison, for trying to murder your benefactor? They wouldn’t treat you as my Alexander does, with love and respect. Oh hell, Alex, hell Alex…”
The shock that I spoke Greek, or the fact my waters broke did nothing to calm anyone down, least of all Lilli, who cried and clapped at the speech I made, as she had done all the way through it. Alex just stood and smiled. He said I looked like a typical Greek wife sticking up for her family, and then he panicked as my waters broke… I was about to give birth, here on the island.
The whole family stopped and waited. Whilst Alex held my hand through it all, I gave birth to a very healthy and beautiful dark haired, blue eyed little boy. He was 4.2 kilograms of cuteness. I was ecstatic as he made his arrival, as was Alex, we cried together as his first cry echoed throughout the villa. We had a son and Alex was so damned happy as he held the little bundle in his arms. We were a family and I was knackered and fell asleep, a well-deserved sleep...


~*A*~


“This, Nikolai Vasilis Grigory Kaminis, is where I intend to build our first hotel, yours, and mine baby boy. You deserve the very best, and it will be. For you and me baby Nikolai, have an extremely wonderful lady to impress, your beautiful Mitéra, and my reason for being so very happy today? She gave me you, my beautiful boy.”
Uncle Nik cried on hearing my son’s name for the first time, as did the new Yaya. She was itching to get her hands on our son, her grandson. I however had strict instructions straight here for his naming and then straight back for feeding back. My wife I do not argue with, not anymore, she is always right.
“Come Nikolai, your mother will be worrying that I have fallen off the cliffs with you.” I carried my son back to our villa and watched as my wife slept. I placed him in his basket and climbed on the bed at the side of her.
“Does our Son like the place you picked?”
“He slept through it. I don’t think he was that impressed. Yaya is hovering around. The girls are back soon too, they were angry you did not wait until they got back to have their nephew.”
“I’m sure I didn’t do it on purpose, he came early, that was not my fault at all. Did the freeloaders stay or go?”
“Some of them stopped, others they told my grandmother the truth and she has now disowned the boys. She is very upset you hate her. She wants to apologise, when you are stronger. I should have done that years ago, but they knew about Sophia, so I always feared repercussions. Greek women are very dangerous, as they found out when they tackled my wife.”
“I have to look out for you, you get into too much trouble without me.”
“I will never be far away from you and our son. Ever Aello, I love you two more than anything in my life. Thank you, did you hear my mother stomp her feat then?” I laugh because at least she has stopped barging in now.
“They will all be fine when they see him, he is too beautiful not to love, go and give Yaya her grandson or she will be pacing outside our door all night.” Alex took him to her then came back and stopped with me, hugged me and kissed me and thanked me for the billionth time for his son, all as we waited for her to tire of holding him. That is never going to happen, but she will have to bring him back for feeding, because even she can’t do that for me. I laugh as I get another cuddle.
“Sleep Aello, you did well last night, and I will be here when you awake.”
“Make sure you both are…” I sleep and dream about my Greek Demigod and his son.
