OBSESSION
Part One in the Obsession Series

By: Brooke Page

OBSESSION
Part One of the Obsession Series



Copyright 2016 
by Brooke Page


SMASHWORDS EDITION


All Rights Reserved. This book may not be re-produced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission from the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. All characters and storylines are the property of the author and your support and respect is appreciated. The characters and events portrayed in this book are fictitious. Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, is coincidental and not intended by the author.

WARNING
The following story contains mature themes and sexual situations.
It is intended for adult readers.



Edited By: Jennifer Hall
Cover Design By: Designs By Dana
Proofed By Stacy Leir



Contact Brooke Page

Website
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Email: authorbrookepage@gmail.com


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight 
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Prologue


I had been sitting in this diner for three hours, my gaze fixated on the apartment building across the street. 
“Do you need anything else, sugar?” the plump older woman asked as she held a coffee pot in one hand and a cloth in the other.  
“No, thank you,” I rasped without meeting her eyes. It was 12 am, and my heart raced faster with each passing moment.  
I was waiting for the girl who’d stolen my heart. When she’d left earlier, her caramel hair was curled, floating over her perfect breasts; breasts that should have been covered up, but instead were on full display under her black halter top.
Anger fueled me as I pictured her leaving her apartment. She had looked confident and sexy, her head held high as though she were about to take over the world. Thankfully, her midriff wasn’t showing tonight, but her skirt was too short, revealing her toned thighs; thighs that needed to be wrapped around my waist, the sky-high black heels digging into my back.
I shifted in my seat, my arousal trying to overpower my anger. That was always my problem. I mixed the two together in a dangerous way. It was why she no longer wanted me.  
Taking a deep breath, I pulled my phone from my hoodie pocket. The agony of not knowing where she was tortured me. I needed to distract myself until she came home. I pulled up the most recent background check on her, divulging nothing new since she’d moved out of her apartment a month ago into a new one.
I should have followed her tonight, but I knew my emotions would overtake me, blowing my cover. I wasn’t ready to swoon her back into my life, not yet. I still had a few things to take care of; a few thing to make disappear. 
She’d want me if I could provide for her.  She’d want me again if she knew I got help. She’d want me again once all those other assholes were out of her system.
I knew this was true because she never stayed with them, and if it seemed like they were starting to stick, I reminded her I was still here by sending her my love notes.
I pulled my hood down farther over my head, trying to count to ten before I’d explode.  Then I saw her through the glass of the diner, smiling and giggling with her roommate.  My heart fluttered at the sight of her happiness. 
I used to make her happy. 
I could still make her happy.  
Only a few more things needed to be done.
But then all those warm feelings turned to stone as I watched the two douche bags walking behind Jamie and her roommate. The smiles on their faces were ones I knew well. Their shirts were too tight, stretching over their muscles. They were about to get some—at least they thought they were… I glanced down at my arms; I could stand to increase my weight on the bench press again. 
“Sure you don’t need anything else?” the waitress asked again. Now she was hovering, which only irritated me more.
My breathing increased as the meatheads followed them inside.
“Can I get another coffee, please? And a grilled cheese with bacon,” I demanded, squeezing packets of sugar in between my palms. 



***

A few more hours had gone by, and controlling my sanity was getting harder and harder.  What was she doing with those men inside her apartment? Was she with one while her roommate was with the other? Maybe they were just playing cards or watching a movie?
Yeah, watching a movie. The last time I’d watched a movie with Jamie our pants were around our ankles.
Just as I was about to storm out of the diner, there was activity in front of her apartment building. 
It was Jamie, disheveled and wearing a tank top and little shorts; her ass would hang out if she bent over far enough. And that meathead was there, behind her, a smug grin plastered on his face. 
I wanted to rip his jaw in half.
Standing from my seat, I paced the diner, my eyes glued to the interactions I feared they’d begin to share.
Then it happened.
She stepped toward him, wrapping her arms around his neck. His hands moved around her waist, reaching for her butt. I saw red when he grabbed it as though it were his, and that little slut let him. In fact, by the way she pressed into him, moving to kiss his lips, I’d say she enjoyed it.
I gripped my hair, willing myself not to do what my head was telling me, but there was no use. Watching them say goodbye tore me apart, fueling my rage for what I was about to do. She gently pushed him away, the one good thing she’d done since that meathead was in her presence.
She closed the door with a satisfied grin on her face while that fucker practically skipped down the steps.
He wouldn’t be skipping for long. 
Follow him.
Make him pay.
Make him realize he can never fucking touch her again.

Chapter One




“I told you no.”
I spun in my chair, releasing a heavy breath into the phone. “Why not? When’s the last time you’ve been out?”
Nathan groaned. “You’re killin’ me, Jamie. I don’t have time to go out. Our meeting with Kobiashi is Friday, and I’ve got a feeling that what he wants us to build will be a game changer.” 
My eyes rolled to the back of my head. Nathan, my friend and ‘boss’, was a workaholic. There was no such thing as a weekend or a vacation in his schedule. He craved success and money. It was one of the qualities I admired about him. “Good. It’ll be a reason for us to celebrate.” 
I could already picture Nathan standing in front of the floor to ceiling window in his ultra-modern office in Chicago wearing a pristine charcoal Prada suit with a splash of color in his tie. I’m sure his eyebrows were crinkled as his hand would be at his temple, his finger running along the length of his designer glasses, making a path to his ear as he thought.
“All right, fine,” he snapped, surrendering under the peer pressure. “Only if our meeting goes smoothly, and I get to pick the club.”
My long caramel hair whipped through the air as I leaped triumphantly from my office chair. “Thank God! I haven’t been out in forever. I don’t even care if we go to the gay bar.” Getting Nathan to relax and live a little outside of work was a difficult task, but I loved seeing him let loose.
Nathan gasped. “Well, no shit. You really think I’d go to a straight bar?”
A smile escaped my lips.
 “You know, we’re going to have to go to a straight bar for Tyler and Becca’s bachelor/bachelorette party, right?”
Becca, my best friend, was marrying Tyler, Nathan’s brother and co-owner of Conklin Architecture Construction and Design. I was the maid of honor and Nathan was the best man. I’d originally wanted to throw a rocking weekend in Las Vegas, but Becca and Tyler weren’t into that. If it were up to the two of them, they’d completely skip the party altogether. The fact that they lived in Grand Rapids, Michigan, while I was currently tied down in Miami, didn’t help with planning. 
“Mitch wants to do them separately—no women. Well, none that we know,” Nathan mumbled. 
I narrowed my eyes.
  “Screw Mitch. Tyler won’t want strippers. You know that as well as anyone.”
“Probably not, but Mitch has the horrible quality of overriding plans.” Nathan’s voice was laced with disappointment. 
I understood his frustration with his younger brother. 
He was arrogant, self-centered, and thought he was God’s gift to woman.
Mitch was a grade-A douche.
Every day he’d walk into my office with a shit-eating grin in place, and some cheesy line coming from his mouth. His pick-up lines were the lamest I’d ever heard. 
I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on. 
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them. Nathan was oh so kind to give Mitch my cell phone number, and every day I was graced with a new line. 
Mitch used to rarely make an appearance in Miami, and only manned the construction sites in Grand Rapids or Chicago, but what did Nathan and Tyler do? They relocated him. 
“Speaking of Mitch, why has he been in Miami for so long?” I groaned irritably. 
Nathan chuckled. “Because he needs to stay out of Grand Rapids, that’s why. I’ve got an inkling he’s involved with Chino.”
I sighed. Chino was a major client for the Conklin’s in Grand Rapids and he was intense. He had his own side drug business and wanted the properties as a place to stash his drugs. 
“We can talk more about Tyler and Becca’s party at the bar this Friday.”
My face brightened as I remembered our plans. “You almost sound excited now.”
“Well, I realize it has been a long time,” he admitted.
 “A little wound up?”
“I’ve never been wound up. If I need release, I get it,” Nathan said, trying to sound offended. “I have a phone full of available prospects to get the job done.”
I tapped my chin as I sat back down in my chair. “You never seem to use them,” I taunted. I knew this because Nathan always stayed at my Condo whenever he was in Miami. I was sure once the Miami location took off, he’d find some snazzy place, but until then, I’d enjoy his company.
“Ha! That’s what you think.”
“Yeah, that’s what I know. You get it about as often as I do lately,” I muttered. “I could really use some attention between my legs.”
Just as the words came out of my mouth, the office door swung open, and that damn hot shot with his cheeky grin came walking through the threshold. I knew he’d heard my inappropriate comment. I rolled my chair the opposite way of Mitch, swinging in the direction of my computer, I wanted to seem busy and not like I’d been discussing my lack of sex life over the phone.
Nathan groaned with disgust. “If you think I’m going to help you find a carpet muncher, you’re insane.” I had to pull the phone away from my ear because he was so loud.
“Don’t worry, one just walked in,” Mitch flirted as he sat down on my desk, completely invading my bubble. My face turned beet red in frustration and embarrassment. 
“Nathan, I have to go. We’ll talk Friday.” I slid as close to my computer screen as possible, making my stomach flush with the desk.
A rumble of laughter emerged from the phone as I hung up, and I knew¬Nathan had heard Mitch’s bold interference. Damn those Conklin men. I swore they fed off each other.
“I’m free for the next hour if you want to satisfy your need for attention,” Mitch teased.
My embarrassment quickly faded into anger as I spun in my chair, jolting from my seat while giving Mitch the best glare I could.
The worst part about him? He was attractive. And by attractive, I meant sexy as sin. His sandy blond hair and emerald eyes fit perfectly with his tanned skin. He wasn’t the trendy male I usually dated, suits and ties were my typical turn on, not washed out jeans, work boots and white T-shirts. All of the Conklin brother’s could turn heads, but for whatever reason, Mitch got to me.
He stared back at me, his mischievous smile never leaving his face. “What do you say, Jay? Want to have an afternoon delight?”
My eyes shot to the sky as I crossed my arms. “It’s not even the afternoon. It’s 11 am.”
Mitch hopped down from my desk so we were standing face to face. There couldn’t have been more than six inches between us. The twinkle in his eye faded as he blinked, his strong jaw ticking in thought. Fantasies of what that jaw could do popped in my mind. 
“I have a meeting in twenty minutes. What do you want?” I snapped.
His lip quirked into a smile again as he reached behind him. “I just wanted to bring you my latest upgrade.” He pulled a brick from behind him and held it between us. “Tell me what you think?”
I pushed his chest with annoyance as I turned to find my chair again. “I don’t give a shit about those stupid bricks. I don’t know why you insist on constantly showing them to me.”
Mitch found his spot on my desk again. “Because you need to tell clients about them. They’re safe boxes. You can’t even tell they open. It’s a great seller.”
I closed my eyes and put my hands on my head in frustration. “Mitch, I can’t just market the bricks. It’s not a deal breaker for clients. Besides, Nathan doesn’t want them to be well known. What’s the point in having a secret safe box if everyone already knows what it is?”
The thud of Mitch slamming the brick on my desk caused my eyes to pop open. “Well, hook the client and then tell them about the bricks. I don’t see why you need to get into such a huff about it.”
My hands left my head and moved to the air as though they were trying to help defend my point. “I’m not in a huff about them. I just don’t see why you feel the need to tell me they’ve been upgraded.”
Mitch narrowed his eyes slightly, but then relaxed his features again. Sliding off the desk, he took a step to fill the space between us, leaning down and placing his hands on either side of my chair. His face mere inches from mine, he’d never gotten this close before. My mind became distracted by his scent. It was a woodsy yet refreshing smell that made my breath hitch for the slightest second. The quickest flutter of my eyelashes brought me back to the now, until my eyes found his pecs straining against his white shirt. The muscles in his arms bulged as his hands flexed to grip my chair tighter, and by the veins protruding from his arms it was obvious he lifted heavy objects most of the day. 
Damn it.
I could feel his breath as his deep, husky voice asked, “Did I ever tell you how sexy you are when you’re feisty?”
 “Did I ever tell you that you remind me of a Neanderthal?” I hissed.
He grinned knowingly. “If I had to guess, a Neanderthal is exactly what you need. Someone who’ll take the bull by the horns and drive you screaming into the red.”
I prayed the snort of disgust hid how much his statement turned me on. Our proximity was too close, so I shoved his chest and turned toward my computer.
The sound of Mitch chuckling made my ears burn with annoyance instead of attraction. “Let’s do dinner tonight.”
“Can’t,” I muttered.
“What’s your excuse this time?” 
“I have to organize my closet.” I sighed dramatically, flipping my caramel hair over my shoulder, my focus remaining on my computer screen.
I heard a deep breath, then the heavy steps of Mitch’s boots walking away from me. “You’ll say yes, one of these days. By the way, I brought you the mail,” he tossed a stack of envelopes and a few magazines in front of me. “See you later.” 
The door clicked shut, and I puffed out air. I couldn’t believe how stupid I was. Closing my eyes, I attempted to clear my thoughts, but the way his biceps flexed as he gripped my chair wouldn’t leave my filthy mind. 
Shaking my head, I reached for the pile of mail, hoping to find something else to focus on besides that asshole. It amazed me the ridiculous amount of junk mail we received, considering we’d only been in Miami for six months. 
I skimmed the stack, noticing the array of magazines mixed between the electrical bill and an invoice. Architecture’s Digest, People with, of course, a Kardashian on the front. And hello, Property Brothers.  Mmmmm…What those two dark haired gorgeous men could do to me at once.
But then… 
My hands pushed the magazines to the side, and a thick, strangling gulp pushed its way down my throat . 
There it was—ghostly familiar black envelope addressed to me; my first name written in perfect script letters with white ink. It had been nearly a year since I’d gotten an envelope with that eerily perfect handwriting. The air was stolen from my lungs as my shaking hand lifted the haunting letter. 
He'd found me. 
Chapter Two



My mind couldn’t focus the rest of the day.
My body was jittery and hyper aware of everything that happened within close proximity, and I jumped every time the door opened to the office. I continually let my mind drift and had to ask a potential client to repeat his questions and comments several times throughout our meeting.
A bitter chill ran up and down my spine from the mere thought of that stupid letter being in the same state as me. The letters had stopped when I’d moved to Grand Rapids a year ago. I thought I’d escaped them, but now that I was back in my home state of Florida, too close to where it all started, I was panicking. 
“What time are you coming in tomorrow?” Corey, the architect who shared the small office with me, asked. I jolted in my seat, startled by his question. “Sorry, didn’t mean to frighten you.”
I shook my head, putting on a smile as I stood from my chair. “It’s fine, I was just focused. I’ll be in around nine.” I nonchalantly grabbed the pile of mail, including the tormenting letter. “See you tomorrow,” I mumbled as my heels clicked on the gray laminate.
The humid Miami air hit me like a freight train when I swung the door open. I loved the warmer weather, but my oxygen supply was cut short at the moment. My brown eyes were constantly moving as I made my way to my car. It was only twenty feet from the office, but my anxiety was always on high alert when those letters appeared.
My eyes skimmed inside the back of the Lexus, my company car while I was staying in Miami, to make sure no one was there. It was silly of me to think such a thing, he’d never hide in my back seat. That wasn’t his style. He was way too intelligent to go for the obvious. 
Good thing I knew him well. Or maybe I just hadn’t pissed him off enough yet. The entire ride home, I massaged the front of my neck. It was a gesture that always soothed me as long as it was my hand doing the massaging and no one else.
My phone rang as I pulled into my parking spot at the condo Conklin had provided for me, and I nearly pissed myself. “Jesus!” I shouted as I hit my elbow on the glass of the window.
I rubbed my elbow, furious with myself for letting that stupid letter rile me.
“Hello?” I grumbled.
“Hey, is it a bad time?” Becca, my very timid and concerned all the time best friend, asked.
“No, I just got back to the condo. What’s up?” I climbed out of my car, my purse close to my stomach. Even though I was on the phone, I still scoped out the parking lot as I scrambled to the entry door.
“Oh, you know, the usual,” she said timidly. Her voice made me worry. Becca and Tyler were going through an engagement rough patch. His father had committed suicide, and Tyler didn’t express his feelings well enough for my worry-wart of a best friend.
“Did you have another rough day?” I asked, counting on her opening up to me. I could really use the distraction.
“I’m flustered and worried about Tyler. I never see him anymore, and he hasn’t talked to me.”
“I know you’re sick of hearing this, but he lost his dad, Becca. Yeah, they didn’t have the best relationship, but sometimes that can make losing someone harder. It’s not easy hearing good things about a person at their funeral when you really couldn’t stand being around them. He’s probably feeling guilty for thinking his dad was such an asshole.” Tyler’s dad had been the owner of the Conklin business and was a womanizing dick. Explained why Mitch was such a cocky bastard.
“I think you’re right. I don’t like how he’s pushing me away.”
“Time, Becca. If he doesn’t shape up, then you bring in the gauntlet. Threaten to leave,”
I said confidently. This was the biggest difference between us, I was assertive and knew what I wanted, where she thought too much. 
“Let’s hope it doesn’t get that far,” she said shakily. 
“I doubt it will. He’ll come around. So I booked my flight from Miami to Chicago today for dress shopping,” I said, changing the subject enthusiastically as I threw my purse on the kitchen counter. I wasn’t going to bring up the bachelor/bachelorette party Nathan and I were planning. 
She giggled at my eagerness. “I’m still impressed Nathan and Mitch are coming to Chicago that weekend to get fitted.”
I gritted my teeth at the sound of his name. Mitch. How had I let him get to me today? Anger always seemed to help control my unstable attraction toward him. “I’m so glad I get to walk down the aisle with Nathan and not Mitch. He keeps texting me, and the man is driving me bonkers.”
“What’s he texting you?” 
“He’s the king of sexual innuendos and cheesy pick-up lines, ugh, and he won’t take the hint,” I grumbled as I plopped down on the couch, kicking off my heels.
“Mitch is hilarious.” She laughed. “You’ll have to show me them when we see each other.”
I slammed my head against the back of the couch. “He’s not hilarious. He’s annoying as shit and behaves like a high schooler.”
“Yes, but I think he’s grown up since his dad died.”
“Not that I’ve seen,” I snorted.
“Well, Tyler thinks the same as you,” Becca sighed, “but Tyler doesn’t think highly of anyone lately.”
“Tyler needs to pull his head out of his ass,” I said matter-of -factly.
“I agree,” she groaned. “I miss you. I can’t wait for Chicago.”
My body sagged as a smile formed on my mouth. I missed Becca too. We went to college together and shared housing. I’d even followed her to Grand Rapids. Once the Conklin empire took off in Miami, I planned to find my way back to Grand Rapids. That city was good for me, and was far enough off the radar that the writer of my cryptic letters didn’t know my address. “I can’t wait either. I’ve got to get going, though, so- I’ll call you tomorrow.”



***

My lie to Mitch earlier about organizing my closet had turned into a reality. My clothing was now color coordinated and hung accordingly in the walk-in-closet, while each pair of shoes followed neatly underneath. My bedding was in order along with my desk and bookshelves. The kitchen was spotless, but not because I’d cleaned it. 
Nathan was OCD about the condo being meticulously neat all the time and insisted that it be cleaned three days a week. I didn’t complain because he paid for the services. The only stipulation I had was that the maid stayed out of my room. Privacy was something I needed. I didn’t like people being in my business, and if I wanted anyone to know about my life, I’d tell them. I was trusting in my younger years, but my interactions with the writer of the cryptic letter had changed that. I’d been young, weak, and naïve, but now I was strong and confident, my only resistance to succeed at life was from those letters.
Calling my mom ran through my mind, but I didn’t have it in me. My relationship with my mother was wonderful, but those black letters had an impact on my entire family, not just me.
Just as I was about to leave my phone on the charger, it began to buzz. My mother must have sensed I secretly wanted to talk to her.
My guilt stricken finger swiped my phone to answer. “Hi, Mom.” 
“Jamie! Mom won’t let me go on a date!” It was my younger sister, Riley. She was fifteen years old and overly dramatic. I loved her endlessly. 
“Riley, Mom and Dad didn’t let me go on dates until I was sixteen. Besides, how can it be a date if you’re not even old enough to drive?”
“He’s old enough.”
Now there was the problem. “How old?” Silence passed through the phone. “That’s what I thought. Does mom know you have her phone?”
“She’s sitting across from me in the living room.” Riley’s tone became whiny, causing me to roll my eyes. I heard the twins arguing in the background with my brother Trevor. The age differences were spaced far between all of us, and I’d always wondered just how many of us were planned. I knew the twins were a surprise because I was in my sophomore year of high school when my mother found out. 
“Go rally our siblings and hand the phone to Mom.”
Riley sighed with annoyance, but did as I’d asked. 
“When are you coming home to the madness?” my mother asked over all the loud voices.
“Ha! I moved away for a reason, Mom,” I teased. Secretly, I missed that house more than anything. Being on my own had its perks, but leaving my big family wasn’t easy.
“Maybe I’ll come visit you by myself.” She chuckled, sarcasm high in her voice. I laughed with her. That house wouldn’t survive three hours without my mom. “I’m kidding, I couldn’t do that to your father.”
“How is Dad? Is he home?” I asked sounding hopeful.
“No, honey, he had to switch to the night shift.” Her voice dropped her words cracking slightly as though she were trying to hold back emotion. Guilt filled me like a knife twisting in my stomach. “When will I see you again?” Her words sounded brighter, making the ache not as bad.
“I’ll come home sometime soon, I promise.”
“Collin and Jacob’s birthday is coming up. I’m sure they’d be ecstatic if you made it to their party. It won’t be anything big, just something at our house with their friends from Kindergarten.” My mother’s voice was gloomy, embarrassed she couldn’t afford to throw a party at a trendy and overly priced venue. 
“I’m sure it’ll be great, Mom. I loved all my birthday parties at the house.” 
Both my parents felt bad about their financial struggles. I sent them money monthly. At first they wouldn’t accept it, but— I finally made them take it by asking them to put it toward things for my siblings, or groceries. I told them it was the least I could do after all I put them through. They never once acted as though my mistakes were the cause of their shortage in finances, even though it was true.
“Well, I need to finish up dinner. Thanks for taking my side with Riley. She sure is boy crazy,” My mother sighed deeply.
“So was I at that age.”
“Oh Jamie, I’m afraid she’s worse than you were!” We both laughed at my mother’s joke.. According to my mother, I was an angel who had never dated anyone in high school. She didn’t know about my secret life, the part that caused my life to come crashing down like a mile long stack of Dominos.
After I hung up with my mother, I knew I couldn’t avoid opening that letter any longer. It was calling my name from my purse in the kitchen. I sauntered down the hallway in my pajamas, my hair damp from the shower I’d taken to pass the time. Thankfully, it was still light outside. Darkness always made those letters more daunting.
My hand began to shake as I pulled the black envelope from my purse. The envelopes were always pleasant looking, but the insides chilled me to my bones.
Taking one final look around the condo, I sat on the couch, my fingers running along the back of the envelope and then slipping under the wax sealing that was stamped with the script lettering R&J. I shook my head, realizing how dumb I was for being frightened of a stupid piece of paper. My hesitance evaporated as my thumbnail peeled the paper back, making a long ripping sound as it opened.

I knew you’d come back. You’ll always come back.
- Rod

 “Why is it so damn hot in this state?” Nathan exclaimed as he slammed the door shut behind him. I nearly fell off the couch at his entrance. 
I stood quickly, shoving the letter and envelope in the back of my pajama bottoms. “Didn’t know you were going to be around tonight,” I stated, attempting to sound normal.
He tossed his suitcase on the table while sliding out of his jacket. “Yes, that’s because I was supposed to be on my way to Chicago at this very moment, but I had a last minute adjustment to my schedule.”
“Yeah?”
“Kobiashi couldn’t wait until Friday to meet because he was so excited to share his latest idea.” Nathan’s chest was puffed up, unable to contain his ego.
“Well...? What was his idea?” I asked impatiently.
“Kobiashi wants to build an amusement park in Miami, and he’s so thrilled with our work on the latest tower of condos, that he wants Conklin to build it. All of it!”
I gasped, my eyes going round and my jaw dropping open. “An amusement park? Are we even qualified for that?”
“Of course we are. If we need help we’ll contract out the other services. Can you fucking believe this?” Nathan shouted with enthusiasm.
My shocked expression turned into a wide grin. “How big of an amusement park are we talking?”
“Big enough to earn us numbers with a lot of zeros,” Nathan sang. He slung his arm around my shoulder. “Let’s celebrate tonight.”
“I thought we were going out Friday?”
Nathan shook his head. “Hell no, we’re going out tonight. I have too much adrenaline.”
I laughed, but then looked down at my clothing. “I’m going to have to change.”
“Well, hurry the hell up, I’m in the mood for a rockin’ time.”


Chapter Three




Red heels and a little black dress. The perfect outfit for a night out.
My hair was curled and wild from the humidity, matching the dark eye makeup that highlighted my brown eyes. I wasn’t trying to impress anyone, men were the last thing on my mind right now. Except for Rod. He was always in my thoughts, right at the surface or hidden deep in my darkest nightmares.
“So are we feeling enthused enough to go to Twist?” I asked Nathan as he opened my door to his yellow Ferrari.
Nathan scowled at me. “I hate that bar. It’s too loud. We’re going to Magnum.” 
I rolled my eyes as he shut the door and continued to the driver’s side. 
“I should have known by your clothing.” He’d kept his dress clothes on, minus the jacket and re-styled his neatly trimmed dark brown hair. It was always in its place, but he’d add some edginess whenever he went out for pleasure.
Nathan fired up the Ferrari as he glared at me. “I like to look professional, not like those young punks at Twist.”
“They’re easy, though,” I pointed out.
Nathan slowly stepped on the pedal, cautiously easing his way into traffic. Sometimes I wondered if he was really a sixty-year-old trapped in a thirty-two -year old’s body. “Have you not learned by now that I enjoy a challenge?”
“I’ve learned you only do one night stands,” I taunted.
“Exactly, a one night challenge.”
“So getting a guy to sleep with you in one night is a challenge, not just him being easy?”
Nathan’s chest was puffed as he spoke. “It’s a challenge if they say they aren’t interested in one night stands.”
I shook my head at his odd love life. “And I thought you weren’t complicated like all the other men in the world.”
“Sweetheart, I’m about as complicated as they come.”
That was the truth. At one point, I’d wanted Nathan. His attitude and constant need to be right was a turn on, along with his charm. The first time I’d met him was at a restaurant during the lunch hour. He was all business at the bar, talking on his phone as though he were the only one in the building. I was irritated as hell, annoyed by his outspoken conversation. When I was finally sick of his dominant voice, I went to approach him just as he got off the phone.
His blue eyes struck me first, then his firm jawline and neatly trimmed dark hair. His expensive suit helped shape his lean figure, giving him a presence of power and influence. 
His looks didn’t stop my stubbornness though, and I let him have it. Needless to say, he liked my grit and offered me a job. Later I found out he was my best friend’s boyfriend’s brother. 
Funny how small the world can be.
The more we worked together, the more attracted I was to his work ethic. Our personalities clashed and molded together in the most perfect way, and the pulse between my legs throbbed for his authoritative energy.
It wasn’t until a New Year’s Eve loaded with liquor and bad decisions that I found out he was gay. We were drunk, half-naked and groping each other, but he wouldn’t sleep with me, even though I pushed him to the very edge with my body and signals. He was handsome, masculine, and not into women.
We never talked about that night, and I was thankful. The fact that Nathan was gay helped erase the sting of denial. I liked his drive and passion for success, and if we were together, it’d help give me independence for my own life. Maybe one day I could convince him to switch teams, but I wasn’t counting on it.
Nathan parked in a private ramp for Magnum, telling me to hold on while he went to open my door. He was always a gentleman.
“So, why’d you get all dolled up this evening?” he noticed as he held his arm out for me to take. “Looking for a special lady?”
I gave him a sly grin. “My eyes are always open.”
Nathan laughed. “Let’s see if we can find anyone worthy.”
The only thing I was looking for tonight was a distraction from the fear of my past. A nervous chill crept up my spine as I gripped Nathan’s forearm tighter. 
Magnum wasn’t busy, which wasn’t surprising being it was a Thursday evening. Most of the men who were here had partners, but that didn’t faze Nathan as he made his entrance. He shook hands with a few men sitting at the bar, including the bartender. He gave him a wink as he ordered us drinks.
“He’s too young. You shouldn’t flirt with him,” I scolded.
“Who? Miguel?” Nathan asked, giving me a puzzled look. “He has potential.”
I watched the young bartender as he mixed our drinks. He was very attractive with his tanned skin, dark hair and matching eyes, but he was young and would treat Nathan like a sugar daddy. Not that Nathan would ever let any man get that close.
“He’s very handsome, but you’d never be able to come to this bar again.”
Nathan bobbed his head as though I had a point. My lip twitched in satisfaction. I loved when he let on that I was right.



***

My lips were tingling as I tried to hold a conversation with the woman sitting next to me. “See, I can’t get close to a man. It’s just not worth it,” I slurred, holding my shot of tequila in the air.
The older woman sighed as she clanked my glass. “Amen.” We downed our shots, and I closed my eyes, relishing the feeling of all control beginning to fade from my body.
Nathan was leaning comfortably back in his chair at a table close by, his tie loosened and his dress sleeves rolled to his elbows. Miguel was sitting next to him, batting his long eyelashes, hopeful for Nathan’s attention. Every now and then Nathan would lean over and whisper something in Miguel’s ear, causing him to blush. His apron was set on the table, so I assumed he was either taking his break or done for the night. I had no idea what time it was.
“So money bags isn’t your man?” the older woman asked in her raspy voice. She sounded like she’d smoked her entire life. “Thought for sure he was straight with your cute little tush on his arm.” 
“Ha!” I laughed loudly, waving my hand in the air for the new bartender to bring me another drink. “Been there, tried that. He wouldn’t ‘even fuck my ass—’, those were his exact words.”
The woman laughed. “Hard to find bi-guys. Seems only the ladies like to swing both ways.”
“Hmm, maybe for you darlin’, but not this woman. I love me some nice, thick co-”
“Jay!” Nathan said way too loudly as he flung his arm around my shoulders. I grasped his wrist with both hands to steady myself. “What are you going on and on about to the lovely Beatrice?” He was very smooth and collected, and I hated that he had the ability to drink half the tequila at the bar and not be affected. Miguel was standing next to him, looking like a puppy wanting to be picked to take home. 
“What? You worried Beatrice is going to be my new best friend?”
Nathan howled, squeezing me to his side. “Oh please, no one will ever replace me.”
“Ah, you’re forgetting Becca,” I tisked. 
Nathan rolled his eyes, his Conklin grin forming on his plush lips, lips that looked extremely kissable to me at the moment. I bit my lip in contemplation, wondering if I should give them another taste.
“Oh boy. I think it’s time Jay and I head home.” He turned to Miguel, flashing him a smile. “Sorry, Miguel. See you next time I’m in town.” Miguel’s big brown eyes lost their hope as Nathan began to pull me off the stool.
“I’m perfectly capable of walking on my own,” I slurred. I tried to elbow him in the side as I stood, but I completely missed, causing my body to lurch forward, nearly falling to the ground. Thankfully, Nathan caught me, laughing hysterically as I tried to find my footing in my too high red heels.
“And this is why it’s time to call it quits. Have a good night, Beatrice.” Nathan laughed as he wrapped an arm around my waist, coaxing me to walk toward the exit.
“I can walk!” I slurred, trying to shove him away. “I didn’t drink that much!”
“Yeah, yeah, tell that to the drag queen you were chattering at all night.”
“Drag queen?” I said in shock.
Nathan chuckled, then lifted me, carrying me to his car.
He gently slid me into the Ferrari, buckling my seat belt and taking off my heels. I felt his hand move stray strands of hair from my face, noticing a slight tremor to his touch as he held in his amusement. The car door closed as I made myself comfortable in the small space.
Nathan smoothly pulled out of the ramp, his hand turning the music down. “Don’t turn off Elton! This is my favorite song!”
“Tiny Dancer? Really?” Nathan asked in surprise.
“Well, duh. I know your favorite is Candle in the Wind, but come on,” I groaned dramatically.
“How do you know that?”
“Because every time I get in your car that song is blasting. And you’re constantly humming it, everywhere.” 
“Like where?”
“At your desk, in the elevator, waiting in line for takeout, the shower…Where don’t you hum that song?”
“Whatever,” Nathan exaggerated. “Why don’t you just count the lights on the highway.”
“I will if you lay me down in sheets of linen,” I flirted.
Nathan began to sing. “You had a busy day today…” 
“Hold me closer Tiny Dancer…” Nathan and I sang full out at once, continuing until the chorus was over.
The smile couldn’t go unnoticed on Nathan’s face as he shook his head. “You’re something else.”
I giggled, then sighed as I closed my eyes. My heart was beating fast, the alcohol running through my veins, drowning out all my worries and memories. 
My hand wandered, finding the expensive fabric of Nathan’s dress pants, gently stroking his firm thigh. 
I heard Nathan chuckle, then felt his hand grasp mine, holding it in his lap as he continued driving us home. The ride was long enough for Nathan to serenade me with “Candle in the Wind”. 
While he sang I hummed, my mind drifting to other thoughts as I pulled his hand in my lap. The warm skin of his forearm was on my exposed thigh, and I widened my legs, slowly pulling our entwined hands close to my hips. The course hair of his arm brushed against my smooth skin, and I let out a soft moan, wanting to feel his skin all over my body.
Nathan’s hand was dangerously close to my panties as he shut off the car, and I pouted when he pulled away from me. I couldn’t move my legs, and found myself very comfortable in the plush leather seats. I was almost irritated when he opened my door and hauled me out of the car.
“Come on Jay, I thought you could handle your liquor,” Nathan teased.
“Hmm,” I murmured as I wrapped my arms around his waist, not only because I could hardly walk, but because I wanted my hands to roam across his torso, hoping to get a feel of the definition I knew was there. I tilted my head up, taking in the scent of his expensive cologne. I rarely got close enough to smell it because he dabbed it on his neck so little and rarely. 
Nathan grunted as he tried to pull me up the stairs. I licked my lips, my hand finding the front of his belt, slowly tugging at his shirt. “Nathan, are you sure you only like boys?” I murmured into his neck.
“Positive,” he said quickly as we finally found our way to the front of the condo. He ignored my hand beginning to play with the button on his pants.
I licked my lips again, then slowly peppered kisses along his neck. He stopped his movements of trying to find his keys while holding me upright. “Jay…”
“What?” I whispered innocently, my lips finding the shell of his ear as I stood on my tiptoes, my hand wandering. I lost my footing though, and stumbled into him, letting out a giggle as he caught me.
“My God, you’re wasted.” His arms were holding me upright, pinning me to his chest so I couldn’t move. “I need to get the keys out of my pocket so we can go inside and get you to bed,” he patronized.
“Hmm, to bed. That sounds wonderful,” I purred.
“No, no, no… to your own bed.”
“Nathan…” I pouted, my lips mere inches from his. 
Even though my eyes were closed, I knew he was smiling at me. “Jamie, we both know what’s not going to happen.” 
I pouted my lips even more. “Just kiss me one more time.”
Nathan laughed even harder, but I stood confident in his arms, my eyes still closed, lips still tingling. “All right, one kiss. But I’m warning you, it’s not going to change me.”
Just as I parted my lips to protest, his hands found my cheeks, tilting my head upwards to meet his mouth. His movements were gentle, softly plucking my bottom lip between his. As quickly as my arms moved to wrap around his waste, the quicker Nathan moved his lips from mine, tenderly plucking them once more before he spoke. 
“Got nothing. Sorry, sweetie.”
My eyes sprung open as a frown spread across my face. Nathan smiled and winked at me, turning to open the door. 
“I don’t believe you,” I challenged.
“Honey, you were pressed as close to my dick as possible with clothing on. Now tell me, did you ever feel him rise to the occasion?”
I furrowed my brows as his cocky grin set in place
 “Oh come on!” I whined.
Nathan laughed out loud as he unlocked the door. His arm locking around my waist as I stood there perplexed. “No, you come on. It’s time to go to bed.” 
With a strong grasp on my hip, Nathan led me inside. I shoved him away, nearly falling into the wall when he let go. Using the wall for support, I tugged my heels off in the most unladylike way possible. Nathan removed his shoes as though it were any other day. 
“You really didn’t feel anything?” I asked in disbelief.
“Nope, not sexually. I know I got to you, though. I have that effect on men and women.”
I huffed in annoyance as I sluggishly stood. “You wish!”
Nathan laughed again, then swiftly picked me up, carrying me to my bedroom.
I laid my head on his strong chest. “We could be together. It’d be the perfect marriage. We both care more about our work than anything else, so we’d just hang out on the off chance we weren’t working. I don’t think it’d be as complicated as a real marriage.”
Nathan set me down by the foot of my bed. “Me fucking a man on the side might make things complicated.”
He gently urged me to sit. “That wouldn’t be a good headline for the business. Nathan Conklin, guru of the business industry, caught cheating on his beloved wife with another man.”
“Another man in an elevator would be a better headline. But only if it included a photo,” I added.
We both laughed under our breaths. “You know that even in your wildest dreams a gay man wouldn’t be able to tame you.”
I looked into his eyes, and he was right. My drunkenness faded slightly as our friendship solidified to an even higher place than it already was.
“Maybe not, but he could make me feel safe,” I whispered, looking down into my lap. His thumbs caressed my cheeks as he studied me.
“If you can’t kiss me or fuck me, can you at least hold your drunk best friend until she falls asleep?” 
Maybe the real reason I wanted intimacy with Nathan was because I thought it would take away a fraction of fear. My heart beat faster, wondering what measures Rod would take this time, and wondering how far he’d go to try and control me again.
Nathan’s hands brushed my hair behind my ears. “Yeah, but don’t get used it.” His words were stern, but I knew he would always have my back just as I’d always have his.


Chapter Four



“Jamie, we’ll get there on time. Stop worrying,” Landon assured me as he sped through town in the beat up Toyota Corolla we shared. He had to drop me off at my internship before he had to be at his own job at the Country Club.
“I can’t be late,  Landon.” 
“You worry too much.  Not like Dad’s going to fire you from your work study,” he scoffed while taking a left at the stop sign. Our father was the sheriff at the Canal Point Police Station where I’d been doing my work co-op. Dad didn’t like me working during the evening times when the cadets would bring in the low lifes, but money was tight for our large family. The little bit of money he could give me by working at the station made him feel better knowing we could buy the things that he and my mother couldn’t help purchase. Plus, the down time worked well for me to study.
“That’s not the point. I don’t like to be late. Deputy Garreti likes to take his dinner break right at 5 pm every night.”
“I’m sure he could wait a few minutes,” Landon teased. 
“I don’t want to disappoint anyone,” I sighed, hugging my bag tighter.  
 Landon slapped his hand on my shoulder. “You need to loosen up, little sis.”
I rolled my eyes. “I’m not that much younger than you.”
“Every minute counts in my book.”
“Whatever, thanks for getting me here.” I darted out the door.
 The station was tiny, and only housed a handful of employees. I flew to my normal spot in the corner just in the knick of time. Deputy Garreti greeted me with a smile as I took my seat.  “No need to rush, Jamie.”
I smiled gratefully at him. 
“You still enjoying the experience?”  Deputy Garreti asked as he shifted in his seat.  
“It’s been wonderful. I’m really learning a lot,” I lied. The truth was, I’d done this work study so I could sleep in an extra hour every morning by missing a class. I didn’t realize the added benefits of seeing the eye-catching cadets who’d come in to relieve the deputy. They made the job more interesting.
 “Well, the cadet should be in soon,” Deputy Garreti sighed while rubbing his belly. A soft growl came from his stomach. I turned my head so my hair would hide my face as I attempted to hold in my giggle.
“Sorry I’m late.”  
My eyes darted toward the cadet, but quickly found their way back to the paperwork in front of me. I had to keep my cool. He’d never be interested in me if I acted like a typical whiny, dipshit seventeen-year-old girl.
“No harm done. Keep Jamie company for me,” Deputy Garreti said as he slowly rose from his seat. 
“Always do.” I looked up from my paperwork and smiled at Rod.  He winked at me as Garreti watched our innocent actions.  Only if he knew how innocent Rod made me not want to be.
The door to the back room closed as Rod sat down. We both watched as Garreti left, anxiously waiting to hear the sound of the lock click, leaving the two of us alone in this portion of the building.
Rod slowly turned in his chair, his hands resting on either side of the armrests. The blond locks of hair fanned across his forehead in a disarrayed swoop, and the blue sparkle in his eyes were all too inviting.  
“We going to talk about what happened last week?” he asked with a devilish grin.
My cheeks heated as I hid behind the caramel color of my hair. I remembered every second of our closeness the previous week. “What’s there to say?” Taking a deep breath, I purposely bit my lip, raising my eyes to meet Rods. “I don’t regret it.”  My hand found the top button of my shirt, slyly releasing it. 
Rod tilted his head to the side. “Wouldn’t your father be disappointed?”
As I turned in my chair, I purposely slid my thighs so the black skirt I wore hiked up closer to my hips so a good mid-thigh was showing. “I hardly think an innocent kiss would upset him,” I breathed, “but it’d be better if he didn’t know.”
“I like secrets,” he murmured, as he dipped his head lower, leaning forward in his chair.
“Who doesn’t?” I said seductively back, or at least I thought I was being seductive.  
“Go lock the door,” he commanded, his arms never budging from his armrests.  
On shaking legs I stood, trying to keep my stance semi wide so my skirt wouldn’t fall back into place as I walked by him.  I grinned in triumph, noticing his eyes finding my bare thighs.  I’d picked up some heels with my last paycheck and practiced walking in them the entire weekend so I wouldn’t trip and fall.  
Once I reached the door, I switched the lock, pulling on the handle to make sure it wouldn’t open.  I stood there for a second, my hand finding my blouse again, undoing another button. Along with the heels, I’d had just enough for a push-up bra and matching sets of panties. Hiding the new bag from my mother was surprisingly easy when I had the beat up Toyota to keep it in.
 “Come here,” Rod demanded after I locked the door, crooking his finger toward me.  I thought my insides were going to burst.  This was actually happening.  An older, hot as hell man wanted me. I was about to become a woman.
I confidently walked toward him, even though my heart was practically beating out of my chest. “What exactly do you want from me, Jamie?”
I went to speak, but words didn’t come out.  What if he didn’t want what I wanted?  I didn’t know that much about sex, except for the little bit I saw on television and the internet. 
“What do you want?” I asked timidly, failing miserably at sounding sexy.
He let out a slight laugh while shaking his head. His hands found my thighs, making my insides clench from his touch. “You’re not wearing any stockings. That would complete the ensemble.”
“Okay.” My voice was soft. “Would you like me to get some?”
Rod’s strong fingers slid their way up my thighs and under my skirt, hiking it up so the back of my cheeky underwear was exposed. “Stockings. Thursday.” His thumbs hooked in my lacy panties, and the forcefulness he used as he tore them down my legs was disarming. 
 “Don’t you want to see how they look?” I asked as he urged for me to lift my legs.
He smirked at me as he spun them with his finger. “I’ll look at them later. Take off your shirt.”
I stared at him blankly, then quickly removed each button. His eyes followed my fingers as he twirled my underwear. My shirt dropped to the floor, leaving me in a hiked up skirt, push-up black lacy bra, and heels. According to books and the internet, it was every man’s fantasy.
A low growl came from Rod. “If you don’t want me to fuck you, I suggest you leave this office.” His tone had no humor. “If you’re here to tease me, I won’t put up with it. I’m a man, Jamie. I don’t play games with teenage girls. Get on your knees.”
The audible gasp I released didn’t go unnoticed by him. “Last chance, Jamie. Get on your knees, or walk out that door.”
My eyes fluttered as I set my hands on his thighs, making myself comfortable on my knees before him.  
Rod nodded in approval. “It’s time for you to give me some more innocent kisses.”

I lurched forward in my bed.
The nightmares never took long to find me.
My head pounded as I pressed my shaking hands to my forehead, noting the clammy feeling of my skin. The moment those letters were in my hands, my sleep dwindled.  The alcohol from last night didn’t help. And unfortunately, I remembered everything.
Kissing Nathan was a new low for even me. I knew he was gay and didn’t want anything to do with women, but I’d still pursued him. I was an adult now and had no time to waste on making irresponsible decisions that could ruin the relationships I actually cared about. Nathan was gone from my bed, leaving no sign of his take on my aggressiveness. 
This is always what happened when those letters came around.  After my first drunken one night stand in college, I’d realized casual sex helped numb me from Rod’s torture. As long as I was in charge, the evening would be blissful. Me on top and in total control, the sexy prospect underneath me and unable to harm me because I had him pinned down.
My first night with a new man had been a powerful experience, giving me all the confidence I’d needed to become a stronger woman who knew what she wanted.  Besides, it felt like I was giving Rod a big fuck you by screwing another man who wasn’t him.
But then those letters started to find me, and I realized that as long as I didn’t stay monogamous with one man, the letters would come farther apart. I didn’t want Rod to reach his breaking point with someone I cared about. I shuddered, remembering how far he’d gone the first time.
Sex still numbed me, but once it was over, thoughts of Rod’s hands caging me weren’t far behind, throwing me into a constant loop of anxiety.   The best I could do to ease the fear of Rod from my bones was to head to work. 
Hopefully this hangover would fade, then I’d ask Nathan to forgive me for being a drunken idiot.


My head was still thumping by lunch. I hadn’t eaten anything besides two cups of coffee, but those didn’t really count because they came right back up before the caffeine could take effect. My brother  Landon had always scolded me when I wouldn’t take Tylenol and drink a glass of water before I’d pass out after drinking. I always regretted not listening to him.  
You’d think my sexual frustration would have disappeared with a hangover, but not for this girl.
Of course, I could get the job done myself, but having a man’s hand grasping your skin, the way he’d move firmly and aggressively while revving you up to that moment of release … I was hot just thinking about it. Bulky, muscular arms, calloused hands, and strong thighs could easily cure me of my agitation. Mitch’s face popped into my head, and I suddenly felt nauseated again. What was I thinking? He was too much of an idiot, too conceited and egotistical. He’d probably only last a few minutes anyway.  
Growling in frustration, I let my head fall lazily on my desk, running my hands through my hair. Why was I thinking about him like that?  And why did my vagina just flex?
“Sleeping on the job?  I thought only I was allowed to do that?” 
I jolted upward, knocking the back of my head on the cabinet. “God damn it, Mitch! What the hell are you doing here?”
When I looked up, it was as though he had appeared from my own sick, filthy dream. He was broad and sexy, his sandy hair short and messy, his cheekbones devastatingly chiseled as his mouth gave me his typical wicked grin.
He chuckled under his breath, clearly amused by my lack of attentiveness. Leaning against the end of my desk with his arms crossed in front of his chest, he studied me. His smirk was so hot, yet so fucking annoying. 
“Don’t you have buildings to build?”
“Yes, I do. Don’t you have clients to gain?” 
I didn’t like his laughing tone. “I’m above quota.”
Mitch licked his lips. “As of yesterday, I thought you were lacking?”
I raised a brow at him. “According to whom?” Oh my God, did Nathan talk to him? 
He looked down and softly laughed, then stood tall. “I believe you were the one who admitted you’d been lacking.”
I crossed my arms and legs tightly, waiting for him to continue. He was the last person I wanted to play the guessing game with, especially while nursing a killer hangover. Then I remembered my conversation with Nathan from yesterday that Mitch had overheard. Of course he was sending this conversation into something inappropriate.
Mitch’s gaze moved to my chest. For a moment I thought maybe I had vomit on my shirt, but when I looked down, I rolled my eyes. The way my arms were crossed helped to boost my cleavage in my red shift dress. Just as I was about to ream him a new one for being such a pig, his stare took my breath away. The look in his eyes was primal and hungry, and I had to squirm in my seat to avoid the tingling in between my legs. 
“Could you not?”
Mitch looked back, a mischievous grin spreading across his face. “Maybe if they weren’t so out in the open.” I huffed and shifted my arms, raising my chin to him. “Oh, you don’t have to cover up, I thoroughly enjoy the view.” He had the nerve to wink at me and I became more flustered. He’s such a dick.
My office phone rang, saving me. “Conklin Architecture, Construction, and Design. This is Jamie, how can I help you?” 
“Having a rough morning?” Nathan slyly asked.
My hand found my head as I winced. “That about sums it up. Are you mad at me?”
“For what? Begging me to kiss you on the front porch? Please. I’ve seen your tits and had you grinding against me. Nothing I haven’t dealt with before.”
His dismissal made me flush slightly, but my lip quirked into a smile. He wasn’t upset or uncomfortable; another reason why I loved him.
“He’s seen your tits?” Mitch’s jaw was hanging down nearly to his chest. Gosh, why did Nathan have to talk so damn loud! My head craned toward Mitch, giving him my best death glare possible.
He held both hands in the air, but the smirk on his face proved he wasn’t really surrendering.
“You didn’t tell me Mitch was there.” Nathan laughed. 
“Why don’t I just put you on speaker phone?” I said coldly, annoyed with both their playful attitudes. 
“Actually, that’s a fantastic idea. I need to talk to him.” I huffed and switched to speaker.
“Jamie, stop being so grumpy,” Nathan scolded playfully. 
Mitch chuckled under his breath, pissing me off even more.
“She just needs some release,” he hummed. 
“Yeah, I know,” Nathan laughed. “But enough about Jamie’s sex life.” Oh my God, it’s like I’m not even in the room. “Mitch, I need you and Tony to meet Kobiashi in an hour at the Plaza Towers. He wants a walk through of the suite before we start adding drywall.”
Mitch flattened his palms on my desk as he leaned closer to the phone. “Tony’s breaking ground on the high rise apartments in Palm Springs. There’s no way he’d be able to get here in time.”
“Okay…” Nathan paused for a moment. “Take Jamie with you. Kobiashi loves her.”
I knew Nathan was uncomfortable with Mitch associating with our top client without Tony. From my understanding, Tony was the brains and helped keep Mitch in line.
My brows scrunched together. “Nathan, I’d be of no help on-site. I know nothing about construction.” Besides, I didn’t want to spend the rest of the afternoon with Mitch—for more reasons than one.
“You’ll be fine. If anything you can keep the conversation flowing. But no loose lips on what I told you last night.” At first I thought he was talking about my humiliating stunt to get in his pants, but then I recalled the amusement park deal.
“I can handle it if you have other stuff to do,” Mitch said quietly. His hands found his pockets as his chin dipped low. I was taken aback by his change in demeanor. Normally Mitch was all confidence, but the way his green eyes dulled pinched my nerves in an uncomfortable way. 
“No, I can come.” The air felt thick with new emotional territory.
“Good! You two better get a move on then, and Mitch.” Mitch’s eyes shot up as though Nathan was in the room with us, “let Jamie do the talking. No need to screw something up with your big mouth.”
For the most part I agreed with Nathan on Mitch having a big mouth, but as much as I hated to admit it, he was always professional with clients. 
“We’ve got this,” I replied quickly. Mitch’s head was hung low in shame, his mouth staying unusually quiet.
“I know you both will deliver. Jamie, we’ll catch up later at dinner?”
“Of course. You cooking?”
“Hell no. I’ll have Jessica make the reservations.” Nathan hung up before I could ask where, but I was sure it’d be at the same place as always. Nathan wasn’t one for a change.
“Let’s go,” Mitch grumbled as he darted toward the door. 
I stood dazed. Part of me was shocked that Mitch hadn’t fired back at Nathan with some snide comment. They did share the same gene pool.
“Are you coming?” Mitch clipped impatiently. 
“Yes,” I snapped back. After smoothing over my dress, I grabbed my purse and slipped on my heels. Mitch laughed under his breath while he watched me. I knew it wasn’t very professional to sit at my desk barefoot, but no clients were planning on coming in during the afternoon. If a walk-in arrived, I’d have been able to slide them on without notice.
“What’s so funny?” I sneered as I began to wedge myself between him and the door. The smell of his delicious cologne forced me to stop, trapping me with my back leaning against the doorframe as he towered over me. The broadness of his shoulders was anything but intimidating. The need to slap the grin off his face came to mind, followed by ripping off his shirt and attacking him like an animal. 
My eyes found the ground as I hurried past him. The last thing he needed to see was how the closeness of his body was affecting me.
“Nothing.” He followed me to the parking lot but went in the opposite direction. “Come on, I’ll drive.”
I froze in my tracks. Driving in other peoples cars made me anxious and uneasy. My feet betrayed me as I followed Mitch to his truck, my hand reaching up to cover the front of my neck.
The snort escaped my mouth before I could stop it. Mitch turned to look at me as he stood in front of the ginormous black truck. “What’s so funny?”
“Nothing,” I mimicked him as I eyed the truck.
Mitch’s shoulders sagged as he gave me a knowing grin. “Don’t like trucks?”
My pace sped up once I saw Mitch following me to the other side of the truck. I glanced around, feeling nervous as to why he was following me. To my surprise, he reached past me to grab the door handle before I could, causing me to flinch and wrap my other arm around my body. “Whoa, relax. I was just getting the door for you. Chicks normally have a hard time getting inside by themselves.”
“I can handle it,” I said under my breath. The sweat was forming on the back of my neck as I observed the amount of space between the ground and the truck. Surely climbing my way in wouldn’t be ladylike. “Are you going to just stand there? Or do I need to go to the driver’s side?”
Mitch threw his hands in the air. “Hey, I was just going to give you a boost.”
“Give me a boost or grab my ass?” Mitch’s lip quirked slightly. “Yeah, I know how assholes like you think. Go to your side of the truck,” I demanded, throwing him as much attitude as I could. I held out until he started for his side of the truck.
I huffed as I reached for the handles in the truck, yanking myself upward, but I lost my footing, causing my purse to fall down to my forearm and my knee to scrape along the edge of the door. 
“Shit,” I mumbled under my breath, then tried fixing my heel that had bent when I landed. Mitch’s chuckle burned my ears. Just as I was about to open my mouth and call him an ass, he leaned over and grabbed my bicep, pulling me with ease into the truck.
The hitch in my breath betrayed me from the sudden contact. Once again, I was too close to him. His green eyes sparkled.
“You good?” he asked, humor dancing in his eyes.
My mouth finally snapped shut as I yanked my arm from his strong grasp. I wiggled in the leather seat trying to fix my dress, which happened to ride up from my abrupt entrance into the cab. 
“Do you know where we’re going?” I asked as normally as I could.
“Of course. I’ve only been working there the past month.”
“Working might not be the right verb.”
Mitch swung his arm behind me as he backed the truck out of the parking spot. “Why? You know, just because I don’t start my day until later in the morning, doesn’t mean I cut my hours short. I work a lot of late nights.” The offended tone he took made my body tense.
“I guess I wouldn’t know, since you’re constantly asking me out every night.  I assumed that meant you went out most nights.” 
His foot laid heavy on the brake as he turned to me. “I’d stop every job for dinner with you, no matter what the deadline might be.” 
The green in his eyes was no longer sparkling but were piercing with intensity. My heart was beating rapidly as I met his stare. Mitch bit his lip but turned to face the road as he sighed.
“It’s a real shame,” he said quietly, “letting Nathan see what’s beneath that dress. He probably wouldn’t even know what to do with a body like that.”
Anger filled me as I caught his lip curl. Cocky asshole. “Your brother could satisfy anyone, man or woman. Trust me, I know.”
Mitch’s face twisted in disgust. “Jesus, you had to go there.”
I crossed my arms as I prepared to rip into his judgmental self. If he were to say anything hurtful about Nathan—
“He’s never admitted to being gay, but if he is, I couldn’t care less,” he said defensively. “I love Nathan. He’s been amazing since my father died. Don’t get me wrong, he’s always looked out for Tyler and me, but he’s really stepped it up these past few months. He calls me more, and not just to bitch at me for fucking something up.”
“You can’t fuck up that much.” I laughed, trying to make light of the subject. The way Mitch softened for Nathan tugged at my heart. 
Mitch laughed under his breath. “Can you do me a favor? I’ve got a black notebook in the console in front of you. Can you grab it?”
As I dug, I could feel his eyes on me. “I don’t see a black notebook.”
Mitch’s leg started to bounce uneasily as I kept searching through the mounds of papers. “Are you sure?”
“Positive.”
He tapped his steering wheel in thought. 
 “Everything okay?” The air in his truck was bouncing in all directions. Mood-whiplash was another trait all the Conklin brother’s shared.
“Never been better.” He smiled. It was obvious he was hiding something, but I didn’t have the courage to pry. 



***

“Jamie Rae, always a pleasure,” Kobiashi greeted me. My smile was wide as I took his hand. The first time I’d met Kobiashi he was intimidating, which was a big deal for me. I was rarely thrown off by clients and enjoyed a good strong personality, but something about his stillness got to me. Maybe it was Nathan’s constant yapping in my ear about how important of a figure he was in the city of Miami.
“I thought I’d tag along. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Of course not. Mr. Conklin, it’s great to finally meet you. I hear you’re quite good with your hands,” Kobiashi said as he took Mitch’s hand.
Mitch gave him a stiff nod and a firm shake. My eyes found his biceps yet again, and fantasies started playing in my head, wondering just how good he might be with his hands.
“My assistant, Tony, can’t join us today, but I’m sure Jamie and I will be able to answer all of your questions.”
“I’m interested in seeing the suites. The rest can wait for the designers.” 
Kobiashi straightened his suit jacket while Mitch grabbed helmets for us from his on-site manager. If Mitch was nervous, he was hiding it well. I gave him a reassuring smile as we strolled into the elevator with Kobiashi and his two assistants. 
“The elevator is nice. Seems larger than normal.”
 “It is,” Mitch said quickly. “It meets code easily. Conklin buildings believe in larger elevators, especially for living complexes.”
Kobiashi nodded expectedly. “What are the exact dimensions?”
Mitch froze, then reached for the tube, fumbling with the top. “I’ll be able to tell you in a moment.” Kobiashi stared at him. I was surprised he didn’t have the elevator measurements memorized.
Mitch finally opened the plans by the time we reached the top floor suite. “Let me just lay this out,” he said with a slight laugh. 
“Sure, can you find out the exact square footage for me as well? After reading Architecture Digest, I’d like to see if we’d qualify for an entry in their magazine.”
Mitch gave him a confident nod but looked lost as he examined the prints. 
“Mr. Kobiashi, congratulations on your latest land purchase,” I chimed in, trying to buy Mitch some time. 
Kobiashi tilted his head as he studied me. “Did Nathan tell you that?”
“Of course not. I saw it in the newspaper earlier this week. Any big plans?” I asked inquisitively, although I already knew the answer. If Nathan were with me, he’d be nudging me with his elbow and telling me to shut the hell up, but the 1200 acres he’d purchased was a matter of public knowledge.
“I’ve got a few ideas.”
I rolled my eyes internally. Nathan sounded the same way when he didn’t want to inform others of his projects, but to my surprise, Kobiashi started to open up, telling me some very vague ideas as he walked through the space of the suite. While he examined the fireplace, I took the time to look over Mitch’s shoulder. Sweat was forming through the back of his T-shirt… Math had always been my strongest subject, so I quickly added the room’s square footage in my head
“Just under 4200 square feet,” I said as Kobiashi turned to face us. He gave me a pleased smile.
Mitch’s head jerked in my direction. I could feel his glare, but screw him. Kobiashi wasn’t a patient man. My eyes found the plans again, searching for the elevator shaft. Sure enough, there it was. “The elevators are just over 10.74x10 as well.”
Kobiashi smiled at me, but then shot Mitch a look. Mitch’s chest rose as he followed us to the other side of the suite. 
“I’d like for the his and her closets to be the largest in our size building. I want to break records, and I know Conklin will help me do this,” Kobiashi said confidently as he paced the space of the master bedroom of the suite. “Tell me Mitch, number wise, would that damage the square footage of the room overall?” Kobiashi raised his brows in challenge. Was he quizzing Mitch?
Mitch was stone faced as he answered Kobiashi. “I’d have to re-work the numbers. If you wanted to break records, we should have discussed this in the beginning stages while mapping out the prints.”
Kobiashi lowered his head, but his eyes stayed strong with Mitch. He slowly walked toward him until they were toe to toe. “I was under the impression you were good with your hands and could make space work. Am I wrong to have this assumption?”
“Oh, I’ll make it work. My job is easier when the process is well thought out in the first place. Takes a man who knows what he wants to achieve that, though.”
My eyes were wide now. I frantically searched the web on my phone so I could give Kobiashi some answers and shut Mitch up before we lost the biggest investor in Miami.
“Well, look here, I’ve found the record holder’s square footage! Mitch, what do you think?” I asked apprehensively while shoving my phone in front of his face so he could see the number. 
Mitch pried his eyes from Kobiashi and found the number on my screen. But his confidence vanished as he stared at the number.
What the hell? 
“Mr. Kobiashi, we’ll need to get going if we’re to make it to your next meeting in time,” his assistant squeaked. It was blatantly obvious she was terrified to interrupt him, but knew his need for punctuality. 
“Of course,” Kobiashi snapped, then turned to me. “You’ll be calling?”
I nodded enthusiastically, then proceeded to walk Kobiashi and his assistant to the main lobby to call for the elevator.
“What the fuck, Mitch? Is there a reason why you just sized up our most important client?” I growled the second the elevator doors started closing, taking Kobiashi out of the potential downward spiral of a business deal.
“Me? He’s a dick! And what the hell is your problem?” Mitch yelled back as he began stuffing the rolled prints back in the tube.
“What do you mean, what’s my problem?”
“Why did you answer for me?” he shouted in anger.
“I saved your ass!” 
Was he really mad at me for answering simple questions that a well-established construction worker should be able to answer? All he’d had to do was read the numbers on the prints. How could he be building these monstrous buildings if he couldn’t even find a simple number on a piece of paper?
Mitch flew by me to punch the elevator number. “You made me look like a fucking idiot.”
“If you would have answered the questions sooner I wouldn’t have had to intervene. Gosh, does Tony do everything for you?” I exaggerated my words, which only fueled his fire more, but I couldn’t care less at the moment.
“Tony does his job, and I do mine.” he bit back.
“Well, I sure hope Kobiashi doesn’t take offense to your attitude. He’ll tell Nathan then you’ll have to deal with him.”
“Nathan doesn’t scare me,” he snorted.
I crossed my arms as the elevator pinged back to our floor. “He should. I don’t know where else he can ship you off to.”
Mitch’s ears turned bright red and his green eyes were wide with fire behind them, but I refused to back down. He might have big muscles, but I could throw a mean knee to his crotch if he got physical.
Mitch slammed his hand on the first floor button, then turned to cage me in the elevator. “You know nothing about why I’m here.”
“Then tell me.”
Mitch curled away from me, running his hand down his face. “My brothers don’t know me like they think they do.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means they’ve got bullshit accusations. I’m surprised Becca hasn’t told you how they think I’m some drug addict who hides shit all over the place for dealers.”
I looked at him in shock. “Do you?”
“You’ve got to be kidding me!” he shouted as the doors opened on the first floor. He threw his helmet on one of the workbenches and sauntered toward his big truck. I huffed as I followed his lead. He was furious with more than just me at the moment. 
His cocky and flirty presence was gone as he slammed the truck door, firing up the loud diesel engine. I almost thought he was going to take off without me. Luckily I managed to pull the door open, which was way heavier than I’d thought, and climbed in successfully on the first try. A small triumph clouded my mind because I didn’t need his help this time.
The ride back to the office was silent.
Chapter Five




The only words that came out of Mitch’s mouth as he dropped me off were, “Enjoy dinner with Nathan.” The sass in his voice was evident, and it took everything in me not to flip him the bird as he drove away. To think I’d started to feel sorry for him. 
My feet were killing me as I climbed the stairs to my office. The first thing I did when I arrived was kick my heels off in the entryway. Thankfully, a pair of flats was stashed in my drawer. My feet wouldn’t make it through dinner in four-inch heels.
My desk had never felt more comfortable as I flopped down rather ungracefully. My legs were sprawled in front of me as I slouched to find comfort. What a mess this afternoon had turned out to be. I understood Mitch was relying on Tony to take over the business side when dealing with clients, but surely he had to understand how to read a print. How could he be so good at building and not be able to read the instructions? Maybe that was what Tony did, read him the instructions? His hands were pointed to the right numbers when I looked over his shoulder, he just couldn’t get the words out.
He had a hard work ethic—I saw that in his mentality. And I knew he cared about his buildings. More questions unraveled in my head about why Mitch acted the way he did, and I couldn’t help but want to figure out his mystery.
My phone vibrated. “Got a time and place for me?”
“Yes, 7:30 pm at Gabbiano,” Nathan replied.
 “Gabbiano? Isn’t that upscale? Can’t we just go to a chain restaurant?” A beer from a bottle sounded way too good.
“Of course not. Don’t be late. I’m curious to hear how today went.”
“Yes, sir,” I said mockingly as I hung up the phone. 



***


Shutting down my computer, I slid on my flats and made my way to the restroom. I needed to freshen up if we were going to Gabbiano. Hopefully, Nathan wouldn’t give me too much crap for wearing flats to the high profile restaurant, but I honestly couldn’t give two shits if he scolded me. I’d had a rough week. 
I tousled my caramel hair, debating if I should throw it in a ponytail, but went against it. After redoing my makeup and rejuvenating myself the best I could, I made my way to my desk to grab my purse. My heart thudded to a near halt. 
A black envelope was sitting dead center on my keyboard.
My eyes darted around the room as my back slammed against the wall. Crouching low seemed to be my first instinct. My hand instantly covered my mouth, trying to control my breathing while the other reached for my neck protectively.
He was here. Watching me. My heart beat rapidly as fear coursed through my veins.
What do I do now?
Sweat formed on my forehead as I frantically looked over at Corey’s drafting table. Usually, the mess he constantly left drove me crazy, but I was thankful for it as I reached for the scissors he’d forgotten to put away. I had no idea what to expect from Rod and I wasn’t going to be confronted by him without some form of protection.
I breathed heavily as the adrenaline took over my body and gripped the scissors tighter in my hand. Inching my way quietly between the few cubicles, I searched the area before my eyes landed on the front door. I had a clear shot, but needed to take my time. He could be in the shadows, lurking, waiting for me.
Wiping my forehead, I took one last look around before I reached into my purse, quietly as possible, desperate to find my keys. My heart felt like it was beating out of my chest as my fingers finally grasped them. I squeezed the cold metal in my palm, still gripping the scissors in my other hand.
Everything is going to be fine. I’m going to be okay.
Taking a deep breath, I slowly started making my way toward the front door, my eyes darting from shadow to shadow.
Then it occurred to me, this could be exactly what he wanted. What if he was waiting by my car? Wanting me to flee outside in a rush out of fear?
Back tracking my steps, I headed toward the conference room, where a door led outside toward the main street. There was more traffic and more people. I’d be able to flag down a taxi instantly.
Looking through the open door of the conference room, I wished like hell it wasn’t so dark. I blinked my eyes rapidly, trying to get them to adjust. Letting out a slow breath, I readied myself to start moving. Just as I lifted my foot to cross the threshold, the main entrance door creaked open.
My eyes widened in fear and I stopped breathing. 

Chapter Six



My body twisted around as fast as lightning, my hair flicking me in the face from the rapid movement. “What the fuck are you doing here?” I shouted as I nearly stumbled to the ground from fear.
Mitch’s face was sour as his eyes met mine. “I was looking for my black notebook.” 
I blew out air as I sat down in the nearest chair, dropping the scissors on the table and putting my hands on my head. Every bone in my body had thought Rod was going to come through that door and put my life through another whirlwind. I never thought I’d be so happy to see Mitch.
The thud of Mitch’s boots got louder as he moved closer to me. “You all right?” he asked.
“Yeah, I just…” I dropped my hands from my scalp and thrust my head upwards to look at him. “You just startled me, that’s all. I wasn’t expecting anyone.”
“You didn’t peg me as one to be jumpy.” The aggravation in his voice returned. 
“I’m not,” I said defensively. “I just have a lot on my mind.” I couldn’t think of a better excuse, although it wasn’t an excuse. It was the truth.
“Yeah, well, seems to be the growing problem. I figured you’d be out with Nathan by now. I didn’t mean to come when you’d still be working.” He moseyed over toward my desk, his eyes searching the area.
My feet couldn’t find the floor fast enough as I darted to grab that black letter before Mitch saw it. “I was just leaving, but I can help you look for your notebook.” I didn’t want to be in the same room as Mitch, but I also didn’t want to leave the office without his muscles being next to me.
“Don’t worry about it. I can look for a notebook on my own.”
Rolling my eyes, I nudged by him to search through a pile of magazines. “Stop being such a guy. It’s okay for there to be strong and able women in this world.”
“I never said it wasn’t.”
“Then what are you so mad about?” I asked as I slammed a magazine down and crossed my arms.
“I’m not mad at you, Jamie. I’m mad at myself, and right now, I really need to find that notebook.”
“What’s so important in that notebook?”
“I just need it, okay?” He looked like he needed a tall beer as badly as I did.
My arms dropped and I began looking again. After ten minutes of very tense silence, Mitch spoke. “So, where are you going with Nathan?”
I sighed as I moved a stack of papers. “He wants to go to some fancy Italian restaurant. To be honest, I’d rather just go home and drink whatever alcohol is in my fridge.”
Mitch grinned as he looked through another stack of magazines on a table with a few chairs in the waiting area. “Then ditch him.”
My laugh was low. “Trust me, I’d love to, but he seems anxious to hear about how our meeting with Kobiashi went.”
Mitch stopped searching and stood tall. “What are you going to tell him?” My eyes found his. I knew how much Mitch wanted Nathan to approve of him.
“That Kobiashi wants to break records and we might have to extend the time period to make it happen.”
Mitch’s brow rose as he watched me continue to look through the stack of papers on my desk where he so often tossed the mail down. “Is that all you’ll tell him?”
“Mitch, that’s what happened. He doesn’t need to know you froze. I handled his questions. That’s why I went. Don’t worry about it.”
Silence passed between us again. Then Mitch’s voice was quiet. “I’m sorry you had to deal with that. I should have been more prepared.”
I looked up from the stack and gave him a slight smile, impressed by his apology. His eyes looked downward, and just as I was about to say something more, he jolted underneath my desk. “Found it! Thank God!” He jerked from under my desk and held the notebook in the air, then brought it to his face and kissed it.
The giggle that escaped me didn’t go unnoticed by Mitch. He lowered the notebook from his face, giving me a genuine smile. Maybe Mitch did have a gentler side. 
“Feel better?”
“Yes, Tony isn’t going to be with me tomorrow, and this notebook…well— it helps when he’s not around.”
My puzzled look didn’t faze him as he folded the notebook and put it in his back pocket. “Well, you better get to that dinner date.”
“It’s not a date. I’m sure he’ll be using the company card to pay for it.” 
For whatever reason, Mitch’s shoulders relaxed and his smile returned. He watched me intently as I threw my purse over my shoulder. 
When I walked to the door, he didn’t follow me. 
“I have to lock-up.”
Mitch shook his head to rid him of his trance and walked toward me. “Sorry, I didn’t get the hint.” To my surprise, he reached for the door and opened it for me. 
I secretly hoped he’d stand by me until I got the door locked. My twitching fingers fumbled with the key as I shoved it in the lock. Mitch stood behind me, close enough for my hands to calm enough to lock it.
“I’m surprised they don’t have an alarm,” Mitch said as he watched me. 
“I’m sure Nathan views this tiny place as temporary. He really wants Miami to be a permanent location.” When I turned, I nearly ran into Mitch’s chest. He didn’t even flinch by our proximity. “Sorry!”
“Don’t be.” His voice was smooth like velvet. When my eyes found his again, the softness they held was hypnotizing. Finally breaking our gaze, he said, “Have a good night.”
My laugh was unsteady as I shook my head from staring at him like I was fascinated. It didn’t help that those green eyes sent the same vibe. “You too. Enjoy the weekend.”
Mitch gave me a final nod and turned to walk to his truck… 
On the other side of the parking lot. 
My eyes scanned the area as my footsteps moved faster. I had to get to my car before Mitch pulled away. Being alone could only play out badly, especially if Rod were lurking in the corners. The sound of my breathing increased with each step I took toward my car, causing the largest exhale to escape my mouth once I was safely inside with the doors locked. After throwing my purse in the passenger seat, my head found the steering wheel. My hands were clammy as they gripped the leather tightly. 
The roar of Mitch’s truck coming to life startled.
With apprehension, my head slowly looked down to my purse. Releasing the steering wheel with my white knuckle grip was agonizing as my hand shakily made its way to find the letter.
The familiar wax seal of the envelope made a tremor creep up my arm and throughout my body. After one more deep breath, I pulled the letter from the envelope, the waxy texture catching underneath my nail. There it was—perfect white penmanship in the center of the threefold black paper.

Red’s never been your color. I suggest re-thinking your wardrobe and your company.
-Rod

The audible gasp was uncontrollable as I dropped the letter in my lap, my eyes taking in the softness of my deep red shift dress. My eyebrows knitted as I tossed the letter on the passenger seat. What could he have seen to make him so jealous? The only person I’d been with was Mitch. He must have caught our interactions while getting into the car earlier in the day. Shit. I couldn’t let any feeling toward Mitch slip up again. Feelings toward Mitch? I didn’t have feelings toward that cocky asshole. Maybe some sexual tension, but that was it. We’d never be anything serious. After all, I hadn’t had a serious relationship with anyone since Rod.
I wasn’t going to take that letter seriously because he was bat shit crazy to think I had long term intentions for Mitch. My shoulders shook with laughter as I started my car from how ludicrous that letter was.
 “Get a fucking clue, Rod.”



***

“You’re late,” Nathan scolded as I joined him at the table for two. I waited impatiently as the hostess pulled out my chair for me to sit. Nathan looked annoyed, but I couldn’t care less.
“I was working. I expect a raise for my dedication to this company for giving up my Friday evening.”
Nathan smirked as he steepled his fingers under his chin. “You’ll get a raise when you lose the attitude. Now, tell me about Kobiashi.”
“After I order a drink. Gin and tonic please, and make it a double,” I said as the hostess started to leave.
Nathan tilted his tumbler of amber liquid to his lips, taking a long swig. “Went that bad, huh?”
“No,” I said nonchalantly as I opened my menu. 
I bit my lip as I skimmed the items. Nothing looked appealing. All I wanted was a burger, and fries, and, of course about four beers to wash them down. Wasn’t that the best way to feed a hangover? Greasy food and more beer? 
The tap of Nathan’s finger on the rim of his tumbler was beyond irritating. Nathan wasn’t a patient man, even more so when it came to his business.
“All right, fine. Kobiashi came, he saw the suite, wanted a few adjustments, and then left.”
“That’s it? Did he say anything about the amusement park?”
I rolled my eyes. “Of course not.”
“And you didn’t bring it up?”
“No,” I said, exasperated. “I told you I wouldn’t.”
Nathan’s hand went in the air as he relaxed in his seat. “Just making sure. How was Mitch?”
My eyes darted to the menu again. “He did his part.” Sort of.
“Jamie…” I knew Nathan didn’t believe me. 
“Does he have trouble with numbers?” I asked inquisitively. I really didn’t want to throw Mitch under the bus. I’d planned on keeping the pissing contest between him and Kobiashi to myself. If Kobiashi decided to tell Nathan, then Mitch would be on his own with that conversation with his brother.
“Not that I know of, why?”
“Just curious.”
Nathan sat taller in his chair. “God, Jamie, stop beating around the bush. What the hell happened?”
The server came with our drinks and a plate of bruschetta that Nathan must have ordered. The distraction gave me more time to think about how I was going to approach this subject without Nathan calling Mitch and being a dick.
After taking a hefty sip, I said, “He kind of froze when Kobiashi asked him for some measurements, that’s all.”
“Did he answer him?”
“Kobiashi got the answers he was looking for.” 
Nathan visibly relaxed. “Jamie you almost gave me a heart attack. Get to the point next time.” I shrugged in apology. “What are you going to order?” he asked as he folded his menu. 


Dinner conversation was lighter for the most part. We only discussed a few clients and up and coming projects. Nathan was confident that Miami was going to be a game changer for the Conklin name. I agreed with him, but I wasn’t sure if I’d be a part of that endeavor. 
My life was easier without those letters, and Grand Rapids had been the safest place for me so far.
“Want to go to the bar?” Nathan asked as he finished his drink.
My tiredness had set in, but I didn’t want to be alone. The bar might help take my mind off of life and black carbon paper with white writing. 
“Oh, why not. What’s two nights in a row?”
“Now that’s my girl.” Nathan grinned as he stood from his seat, reaching for my hand. “Where to?”
I took his hand then placed my other hand on my chest. “Are you really letting me choose?”
Nathan rolled his eyes dramatically. “Well, only this one time.”
My head rested on his shoulder as I laced my arm through his. “Wow, you are the best boss.” 
“Damn right.”



***

Miller’s Ale House was near our condo. Nathan turned his nose up and whined when I chose the location but quickly quieted down when I reminded him it was my choice. I wasn’t in the mood for loud and obnoxious, and I just wanted a beer. Fortunately for me, they had seventy-five beers on tap to choose from, so we’d ditched my car at the condo, taking Nathan’s car to the bar.
Sitting at the bar in silence with Nathan was a new and comforting feeling. Straight bars didn’t faze Nathan, but he definitely wasn’t as outgoing. His business demeanor normally took over, and his phone became his best friend. I didn’t mind. I enjoyed sitting and staring at a sporting event, even if I didn’t care about who won.
“Hey, little brother, what are you doing here?” Nathan said as he rose from his seat. Of course, out of all the bars in Miami, Mitch had to find the exact same one we were at.
Mitch took Nathan’s hand, then gave me a lopsided grin. His eyes looked a bit hazy, and I was sure the bottle of beer wasn’t his first. “Enjoying my Friday night. This isn’t really your scene, is it?” Mitch asked as he eyed the two of us.
I spun in my seat, the beer making me feel feisty. “Why wouldn’t this be our scene?”
Mitch shrugged and gave us a mocking grin. “Thought you were into, what’s the word, fancy restaurants?”
“I like to loosen my tie every now and then.” Nathan laughed, but his laughter quickly faded as his eye caught something from a distance and he was out of his chair. My lip twitched in amusement. Only Nathan could spot the one potentially gay man in this little bar.
Mitch sat on the now empty stool that was next to me. The course fabric of his jeans touched my bare knee, causing me to cross my legs away from him. There was no need for touching, especially when we both had been drinking.
“You’re the only person who could get Nathan anywhere he doesn’t want to be.”
“He was fine with it,” I lied.
“Are you kidding? This is a dive bar.”
I laughed. “I love this bar. It’s quaint and small and has a ton of beers to choose from,” I added as I waved my hand in the direction of the different taps.
“Let me refill your glass.” Mitch nodded to the bartender to come in our direction. She was a tatted up bleach blonde girl who looked like she didn’t take shit from anyone. 
“What do you need Mitch?” Hmm, she knew his name. 
“A refill for the lady in red,” Mitch asked pleasantly. “Another for me, and whatever the finely dressed gentleman and his friend are having.” Mitch motioned in Nathan’s direction on the opposite side of the bar. Nathan looked like he had the young kid already eating out of the palm of his hand. I shook my head, knowing he’d most likely not go home with him. That young gun looked way too easy.
“You didn’t have to do that,” I said casually as I swirled the remains of my first beer at the bottom of my cup.
“Don’t worry, I felt obligated.”
“Ha ha ha. I can’t imagine that line working well.”
He leaned closer. “You want a line?” 
I laughed louder this time, causing a few others who were sitting at the bar to look in our direction. “Mitch, you text me your lame ass pick-up lines daily. I’m sure you don’t have any new ones.”
Mitch spun so he was facing me, his arm resting on the bartop. “Sounds like a challenge.”
My brows rose. Bring it.
“Have you been to the doctor lately? Because I think you're lacking some vitamin me.”
“Heard it,” I said, not showing interest.
He shifted in his seat, his mischievous grin inching farther up his cheeks. “Are you a banana?” 
“Why, because you find me a-peeling?” I cocked my head.
Mitch rested his head on his hand as though he were thinking. “I think you have something in your eye?”
“You mean a sparkle?” 
Mitch rested both his elbows on his knees as he leaned closer to me. “Okay, how about this one. My buddies over there thought I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with you. Guess I won. Want to spend their money with me?” My jaw dropped as Mitch pointed behind him with one hand and held a twenty with the other. As though the bartender were in on the joke, she walked over and took the twenty, placing a fresh beer in front of me.
Mitch leaned so his back was resting on the bar. “Winner.”
I looked down in my lap with embarrassment as I watched the gentlemen he pointed at laugh with each other. What a jerk. But I wasn’t one to just let a man make a fool out of me.
“Seems fitting. You’d never afford my attention otherwise.”
“Oh, I could afford you, darlin’. Although, you seem like one who wouldn’t want to be bought.”
“Don’t worry, sweetie, those aren’t really his friends,” the bartender assured as she took the cap off Mitch’s new bottle. “He does use that line a lot, though.”
Mitch scowled. “Now, Tori, you know that’s not true.”
“What, that those aren’t your friends?” The snottiness in my voice was beyond my control.
 “Wow, that really hit a nerve, didn’t it? Actually, I was referring to both comments. The only person I use cheesy lines on is you.”
“I’m so flattered,” I grumbled into my beer, taking a rather unladylike gulp. I was relieved he didn’t really know the few guys he’d pointed to earlier.
I felt Mitch’s soft green eyes examining me. When I finally set my beer down, I noticed his bottom lip caught between his teeth. That look made me feel like this evening could take a turn in a direction I mentally wasn’t willing to go. My body, on the other hand, might fight my brains wishes. 
Mitch’s eyes met mine as his teeth released his bottom lip. “Why do I feel like there’s a party girl under that deliciously form-fitted dress?”
My heart pounded rapidly as he leaned closer. A promiscuous, no attachment romp session with this incredibly attractive construction worker sounded right up my alley.
I leaned forward, my body betraying me as my face became barely inches from his. “Maybe there is.” My voice was sultry as my tongue traced my bottom lip. My eyes found the stubble of his jaw, my fingers now curious to touch the texture. His arm slid over the bar, making a shield between us and the busy workers. Calloused fingers gently brushed my forearm sending shivers of expectations throughout my entire body. There was no stopping what might happen next.
“What the fuck, Mitch?” Nathan barked, causing me to jerk out of the haze Mitch created between us. 
I quickly spun away so I was facing the bar, grabbing my beer and downing the rest of its contents. Fuck, that was close. I needed to order a water and then find my way home, fast. No way was I going to let anything happen between us.
 “What?” Mitch asked, craning his head toward Nathan in annoyance.
“I just got off the phone with Kobiashi.” My head whipped in Nathan’s direction. His brows were crinkled and his face was red. “Did you really get arrogant with him?” Nathan shouted so the entire bar could hear him.
Mitch stood from his stool. He crossed his arms and glared down at Nathan. Mitch looked like a giant compared to Nathan’s thin frame. By outer appearances, they were from different worlds, one impressively put together while the other comfortable and at ease. 
“No, he got in my face first,” Mitch growled. “He was being the arrogant one. He was being adamant and making unrealistic demands.”
“He owns half of Miami. He can say whatever the hell he wants.” His finger pointed at Mitch’s face. “Don’t EVER get in his face again, do you understand?”
“Don’t talk to me like I’m one of your low henchmen, Nathan.”
“Then don’t act like one.” Nathan roared. “What am I going to do with you? You’ve already made a mess of Grand Rapids. Are you trying to sabotage everything I’ve worked for in Miami, too?”
“You have no idea what’s going on in Grand Rapids. And I’m not going to kiss some bullshit company owner’s ass just to gain his business. We’re better than that, Nathan.”
“When are you going to grow up?”
“When you pull your head out of your ass!” 
Mitch slammed his beer down and barged out the back door. Once the door swung shut, Nathan turned to the bar top, placing both hands on the edge as his head tipped down.
“He can’t fuck this up,” he muttered through gritted teeth. 
The scowl on my face was in full form. Kobiashi was being a jerk, and Mitch shouldn’t have talked to our biggest client the way he did, but Nathan also didn’t need to yell at him.
Without thinking, I climbed off my stool and went out the back door. 
A breeze brushed against the bareness of my arms as I searched the back porch. A few smokers were chatting quietly on the deck. I found Mitch resting on the banister facing the beach. The moonlight reflected off the water, and the sound of the gentle waves was soothing. 
I leaned against the banister. “Well, that was awkward and embarrassing.”
A low, frustrated sigh escaped Mitch’s mouth. “I don’t need your sass right now, Jamie.”
His reaction to my smart comment made me wince. I hadn’t meant to fuel his anger. My intentions were to defuse the situation. “I thought you liked when I was feisty?” 
My recovery was quick, and made his lip twitch upward. We stood silently under the stars for a few more moments. Normally, silence like this was extremely uncomfortable for me, but tonight, it was calming. Finally, Mitch stood tall from the banister, his hands gripping the wood frame tightly. 
“I really didn’t mean to piss Nathan off like that.” 
 “Nathan will get over it,” I said, brushing it off as though it was no big deal. “You know he can talk his way out of anything. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say Kobiashi has a crush on him.”
That statement got a slight laugh from Mitch. “I’m sure Nathan would give him a chance if it meant he’d get what he wanted.”
I shook my head. “He’s not his type.”
Mitch’s eyebrow rose in question. “Are you his type?”
“I’m missing a few key components to his usual preference.”
“And what would that be?”
I laughed. “Well, a penis, for one.”
Mitch threw his head back and joined my laughter. His cool green eyes caught mine. “Want to get out of here?” Licking his lips, he leaned in, “I promise it’ll be a night you won’t forget.”
 My teeth caught my bottom lip as I contemplated his invitation. “That’s an overused line,” I whispered as my body instinctively moved closer to him. He shifted slightly, moving his arm across my stomach and to the other side of the banister, caging me with his body. My heart raced with his proximity, the urge to reach my hands onto the collar of his shirt and yank his mouth down to mine was overbearing.
“You know you want to. Your body is practically begging to touch me right now.”
My lip twitched as I shook my head. “I’d never admit that.” The cockiness in his voice made me want to slap him then rip his shirt off and lick his chest.
 “Let’s go,” Nathan’s voice vibrated from the back door to the bar. Mitch moved his head, his nose brushing against the shell of my ear. Shivers ran down my neck all the way to the pit of my stomach and lower as he let out a slight breath.
“Jamie,” Nathan commanded again, completely breaking my trance with Mitch. 
My trembling hands gently pushed Mitch’s chest so I could move in Nathan’s direction. The irritated breath Mitch released didn’t go unnoticed by Nathan or me. 
“What?” I snapped, my head whipping in Mitch’s direction. 
Mitch slowly turned so his back was leaning against the banister, his arms wide. His demeanor was smug, causing the shivers that traveled down my body to turn into fire. I hated his cocky side.
“Nothing. Go be with Daddy. I’m sure he’ll satisfy the flame I just lit inside you,” he teased. 
“You’re a prick,” I muttered, my face burning with embarrassment. His head cocked to the side as though he were daring me to say more.
“Let’s go,” Nathan grabbed my bicep and tucked it under his arm. “I’ll see you in my office on Monday in Grand Rapids,” Nathan added sternly toward Mitch.
“Wouldn’t miss it, big brother,” Mitch mocked as we walked out the door. 
I shrugged my arm from Nathan’s the second we got out of the bar. Nathan calmly walked next to me, his long stride keeping up with my quick pace to his yellow Spider Ferrari. Holding my tongue was nearly impossible as he opened my door.
Our ride was silent until we were halfway home, then our festered anger got the best of us. 
“Don’t get caught up with Mitch.” The temper that Nathan was trying to hold in still seeped through his words.
“Excuse me?”
“You heard me.” His grip on the steering wheel caused his knuckles to turn white. “He’s not stable right now. Tyler and I think he’s using again.”
I scoffed. “I know users, I’ve seen them one too many times, and he is not using.” I closed my eyes, trying to erase the memories from my head.
“Oh really?” His tone pissed me off.
“Yes, Nathan. I did a work study program at a police department my junior year of high school. I’ve seen junkies strung out on all sorts of drugs.” I hated talking about that time in my life, a time I so desperately wished I could take back.
“You lied to me today,” Nathan said as we arrived at the condo.
He shut off the car and opened his door, slamming it shut. I huffed and reached for the handle, wanting to open my own door. I met him head on, the only object between us being the door.
“You lied. You told me everything went fine today,” Nathan growled. I scrunched my eyes in confusion. “About Mitch and Kobiashi!” Nathan shouted in frustration.
I rolled my eyes and walked around him, slamming the door in the process. “Don’t ignore this. That was a poor decision not to tell your CEO that his site manager mouthed off to his biggest client.”
I stopped in my tracks, halfway up the steps to the condo. My hands found my hips as I stared down at Nathan. “One, don’t turn this into any bullshit job situation, and two, Kobiashi was a dick to your brother. He could use some harsh words sent in his direction.”
“No, and no.” Nathan scolded. “This IS work related. We may be friends, but we will always be work associates. As long as you’re working under me, honesty is crucial. If I can’t trust you’ll tell me the truth, especially when it deals with our biggest client, don’t think I won’t get rid of you.” His blue eyes were as cold as ice. 
Fortunately, I had the fire to put them out.
“I’m the most trustworthy person on your team. Don’t ever fucking threaten to replace me, Nathan. You’ll regret it the rest of your life. I told you, Kobiashi was being a jerk. He needs a challenge. That’s the type of man he is. If anything, Mitch will always be someone Kobiashi can respect because he stood up to him. He didn’t jump when Kobiashi said how high. He gave him the facts, and still said it’d be possible. You can’t always give a client what they demand, Nathan.”
“There’s still a certain way to handle it. Mitch was rude, not professional. I just spent twenty minutes trying to reassure Kobiashi everything would be fine.”
“Did he ask for a new on-site manager?” I challenged.
Nathan’s jaw ticked in irritation. “No.”
I raised a brow, proving my point. Nathan sighed in frustration with his fists balled to his sides. He knew I was right, and that was something Nathan never handled well.
“You still need to stay away from Mitch.”
 I spun on my heel to go inside. I didn’t need to be lectured by Nathan anymore.
“He may not be using, but he’s involved with Chino and his drug scheme in Grand Rapids. Besides, he only sleeps with whores.”
“And what exactly would you consider a whore? A one night stand?” I spat, throwing my purse on the table. Nathan closed and locked the door, then proceeded to undo his tie.
“You’re too good for him, Jamie.”
“Who said I was into him? He’s obnoxious and conceited, just like his brother.”
“I may be obnoxious and conceited, but I’m not a drug dealer.”
“Give me a break. Mitch isn’t smart enough to deal drugs. I’d sure hope you’d be able to figure that out.” I scoffed, flopping down on the couch. Nathan stood in front of me with his arms crossed. He was prepared to keep arguing, and I really wasn’t in the mood.
“Someone is hiding drugs on our properties in Grand Rapids through Chino. Considering he’s always on-site, we have a strong belief it’s him.”
I crossed my legs and arms. “I’m telling you right now, that man isn’t capable of handling a multi-location drug scheme. You and Tyler need to look elsewhere.”
“Do you think I want Mitch to be the one who’s hiding drugs? Of course not, but he knows our building sites the best. That’s why we think it’s him.”
 “Well, it’s not.” 
Exasperated with the conversation, I stood and made my way toward my bedroom. I slammed the door shut before Nathan could come after me. I was tired of listening to his bullshit business side. I’d talk to him in the morning when we weren’t fuming.
My mind flashed back to the moment Mitch’s nose brushed my ear and how it made my skin come alive with need. I pulled open the bottom drawer of my nightstand to find every woman’s secret joy. Setting BOB down on my pillow put a small smile on my face. I’d clean up for bed and then be put to a peaceful sleep by some vibrating magic.
With brushed teeth and no clothes, I crawled into bed, covering myself with a warm and fuzzy blanket. My skin was sensitive to the soft fabric, and tingles spread like wildfire the second the gentle buzzing sound filled my ears.
My thoughts wandered to sexy visions of half-clothed men with tanned skin and bulky biceps. Everything was going smoothly until Mitch’s face popped into my fantasy, his strong hands grasping my hips as I had my dirty way with him. My hand moved faster as my breathing sped up, imagining how his piercing green eyes would examine my body. I loved the look men gave me when I took control. Their excitement made me feel confident and powerful. Being on top was important to me. I needed it in my life; otherwise, I’d have crumbled a long time ago.
In my fantasy Mitch sat up, his abs flexing as his strong hands worked their way up my sides and to my back, gripping my shoulder blades. My breath caught as I pictured him lifting me off his lap, laying me down on the bed and crawling on top of me. I opened my legs wider as my legs began to twitch, imagining his hips pressing into my pelvis and the bulge of his biceps over my small frame as he took control.
My insides contracted rapidly once dream Mitch pushed into me, his eyes wild as he lay above me.
More thrusts of BOB sprung from my wrist, just as his thrusts would plunge deeper. I was coming hard and fast, my entire body shaking with the erratic thoughts of Mitch having his way with me.
Once I came down from my high, I groaned in frustration. An orgasm was supposed to fix my stress but this one had only confused my brain more. I had to stop thinking about Mitch. 
He was arrogant, self-centered, a complete moron, and—
And I didn’t want him to get hurt. 
The haunting notion that Rod was back in my life was something I couldn’t take lightly. He was dangerous to everyone I crossed paths with, and his note today made it clear that Mitch was a target. 
I threw BOB on the ground and rolled over, pulling the blanket to my neck and wishing I hadn’t made my life so complicated.

Chapter Seven



Now you’re getting it. Remember who’s good for you.
Wear those stockings more often.
-Rod

Relief swept through me once I got on the plane to travel to Chicago. I always felt safer when I was in a completely different state than that crazy loon. 
We’d just finished finding Becca’s wedding dress, and somehow Becca’s sister and I had to get her in the mood to go out. She and Tyler were still rocky since his father’s death, so a good night out would help clear both their minds. Except the party wasn’t totally put together yet. Nathan and I hadn’t hashed out our issues, so our phone calls were clipped and party planning was slim. All of the necessary reservations were made, but I hadn’t talked to him all week. I was still frustrated with his actions toward me and his stupid kid brother, and the more I thought about how he’d acted, the more irritated I got. 
Screw Mitch for turning into a prick the second it was time for me to leave. So what if I was leaving with Nathan? I’d let temptation get the best of me, and even though I was pissed off at Nathan and his grumpy attitude, I was thankful he pulled me from a possible careless decision. I shook my head and let out a huge breath of air. That could never happen again. Thankfully, Mitch had been busy in Grand Rapids all week. Hadn’t stopped his one-liners from filling up my inbox, though.

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Because you have a pretty sweet ass.
 
 “Oh come on, you’ll be smoking in that dress. Tyler won’t be able to keep his hands off you,” Heather, Becca’s sister, squealed with excitement. I rolled my eyes. She wasn’t supposed to tell Becca we were meeting up with them.
 “Tyler? I thought we were having a girl’s night?” Becca asked.
I smiled at my best friend. “Yes, but I figured you’d want to see him since things have been tense between the two of you.”
“Then I most definitely want to wear this dress tonight,” Becca purred.
Maybe I could find a good Mr. One Night who’d take my mind off Mitch. I knew my chances weren’t likely. 
“I was thinking my red dress, you know the one that shows a lot of back?”
“And shows a lot of cleavage too.” Becca giggled. “Wear my red Jimmy Choos with it. It’ll look awesome.”
I smiled brightly at Becca. She always had amazing clothing. 
Once we were dressed and ready to impress, we headed to Enclave, one of Chicago’s most exclusive night clubs. I couldn’t wait to see inside. I had spoken to the manager and scheduled our VIP room for tonight. Becca and her sister had their arms laced together as we breezed past the line to the bouncer. We flashed our ID’s and he immediately let us inside where a hostess directed us to the VIP section.
“Mmm, I can’t wait to jump Ray,” Heather said about her husband. 
Becca blushed as she saw the wild look in Heather’s eyes. I knew she was secretly thinking the same thing regarding Tyler. The few shots we did before coming tonight had made us frisky. The only problem was that I didn’t have someone to attack. 
“I’m going to go get a drink at the lower bar then hit the ladies room,” I said in Becca’s ear. 
She gave me a nod. “Okay, be careful. See you soon.” 
I rolled my eyes jokingly at her constant need to make sure I was taken care of and being safe. 
The number of prospects were high at first glance. There were sexy men everywhere, and I couldn’t wait to grab one by the tie. Tonight I was going to be reckless, and I didn’t care what anyone else would think. I needed to get Mitch and Rod out of my head, and a super hot and half drunk sex session would be the cure.
A gentleman with designer glasses approached me. His hair was stylish and flipped to the side. If I had to guess, I’d say he was an accountant or a banker by his tie and button up dress shirt. He was sexy and screamed, “Take advantage of me.” Just how I liked them.
“What are you drinking, gorgeous?” 
“A vodka tonic.” I fluffed my hair then put my eyes toward the bartender. I didn’t want Mr. Handsome to think I was too interested. He would have to work for it if he wanted to come to my hotel room for the night.
“If it’s okay with you, I’d love to get you one.”
“I’d be okay with that. I’m Jamie,” I said politely as I bit my bottom lip. His blue eyes lit up and his smile widened. This might be too easy.
“Now don’t lie to the man. We both know you’d prefer a nice cold beer.”
My teeth ground at the sound of his voice. My prospect’s smile faded as he looked over my shoulder. “What are you doing here?” I grumbled, whipping my head in Mitch’s direction.
My coarse greeting didn’t faze him, only putting a smile on his smug face. “I’m here for my brother’s bachelor party of course.”
“No shit. But why are you standing behind me like a big creeper?” 
Mitch put his arm around my shoulder and smiled down at me as I shot an invisible death glare out of my eyes. He was ruining my chances with this guy, and the fact that he was wearing a backward baseball cap with faded jeans and a button up dress shirt bugged me. 
Because he looked really sexy.
“Um…” Mr. Handsome said awkwardly.
“Um nothing, pretty boy. She’s taken. I’d suggest you go find some chick who’s in your league.” 
Mr. Handsome turned sheepishly on his feet while I elbowed Mitch hard in the rib.
“Why did you do that?” I scolded Mitch, shoving him away from me. “He was hitting on me.”
“He was a tool. You’ll thank me later.” Mitch sat down on the stool that was now open. “What kind of beer do you want?”
My scowl was in full form. “Actually, that guy was going to get me a vodka tonic.”
Mitch raised a brow in my direction. “She’ll have something light that’s on tap.”
“Um, NO. I’ll have a vodka tonic, please.” The bartender laughed to himself, then turned to make my drink. “You’ve got some real nerve,” I muttered toward Mitch.
“Do you even like tonic water?”
“Why would I order one if I didn’t?”
Mitch leaned in closer to me. “Because you secretly want to fit in with this group. You’ve told me you prefer beer.”
“On that one occasion,” I said irritably. “And I don’t give a shit what ‘group’ I’m in.”
“Were you actually into that stiff?” His lack of seriousness toward my pissed off attitude annoyed the shit out of me. It pissed me off so much that I was left speechless.
Mitch’s smile widened. “Jamie, I don’t think you realize I know exactly what you need.” He stood from his stool so he was towering over me, his hands crossing his chest as his green eyes looked at me devilishly. “You need a man who can handle your fire. A man who’s going to pin you down, pull your hair, and make you moan his name. Not some nerdy loser who wouldn’t even last five seconds.”
I laughed in his face. “You’ve got me pegged all wrong. You want to know how I like it?” My voice was sultry as I stood, getting close enough so my chest was touching his arms. He looked at me intently, a slight smile still noticeable on his face. “I like my men to do whatever I say. I’m in charge. I pull their hair, and I pin them down. The man who I choose to go home with moans my name.” My hand found the front of his jean pocket as I whispered close to his face. “You’re right, that stiff couldn’t handle me. I’m wild and out of control in bed.” 
Mitch dropped his hand and snaked it around my waist, pulling me so I could feel his erection on my hip. I gasped at the contact.
 “See, I almost bought that,” Mitch said in all seriousness, his lips moving closer to mine. “But the way you just reacted tells me otherwise. You totally gave me all control just now. I wrapped my arm around you, and your body went lax. Those big brown eyes widened with vulnerability, and those sexy as sin lips whimpered. You want someone to take control of you, Jamie.”
Before I could respond, he let go of me. “I’m going to go find someone to dance with.” He turned and walked away.
I grumbled, then turned to sit on my stool, slamming my drink in only a few gulps. The nerve of that asshole! He was a fucking moron to think he could ever control me like that.
“I’ll have a Coors, please,” I said irritably to the bartender. He started to give me a look, but I quickly squashed it with my scowl. Before my drink came, Heather and Becca joined me. 
 “Becca is being a chicken shit,” Heather said with annoyance. 
“No, I’m not.” Becca said, waving down the bartender. “I just need another drink. When we went to the suite, Tyler looked pissed off. Lately, I don’t know how to handle him when he’s mad.” She was still intimidated by Tyler when he was in one of his weird moods, something she needed to get over if she was going to marry him.
Taking a deep breath, I turned to talk to my best friend. “Becca, he’s going to want to fuck you on the dance floor the second he sees you. You don’t need to be nervous. I’m sure you’ll put a smile on his face and a tent in his pants.”
She gave me an awkward smile and ordered six shots of Patron. 
“Oh my God, Becca. We have to be able to get off tonight,” Heather scolded.
 Becca ignored her, and I smiled. I knew Becca could put away the drinks like a champ. We clinked glasses and downed each shot one after another. 
“Whew!” Her face scrunched from the burn of the liquor. “Okay, let’s do this!” Becca encouraged herself. “You coming?”
I shook my head. “I’ll be up in a bit. I’ve got to look for someone.” Maybe Mr. Handsome was still wandering around like a lost puppy.
She nodded and leaned in to give me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Good luck. Go get some!” 
Heather and Becca made their way to the VIP section to join the guys. I sat in my seat, my eyes skimming the pool of dancers, secretly hoping I could find the man who had offered to buy me a drink earlier.
Then my stomach turned in disgust at what I saw. 
There was Mitch, practically screwing some perfect, beach bunny type on the dance floor. Her front was to him, and her ass was nearly hanging out of her short white dress. Mitch’s eyes found mine, then gave me a smug wink as he grabbed her hips, forcefully swinging her so her ass was grinding against him. 
Mitch leaned her slightly forward, his hips still moving into hers. I shook my head at him. Did he not realize how ridiculous they looked? Her boobs were practically hanging out, just like her ass was. If he thought he could get to me this way, he was wrong. He could dance with whoever he wanted for all I cared. 
Getting under his skin was a sick game that I enjoyed, and I planned on doing just that. 
I stood tall from my stool, feeling refreshed from the two shots courtesy of Becca. With a devious smile, I walked toward Mitch and the girl he was dancing with. Some guy next to Mitch was dancing with a group of guys and girls. From the looks of it, he was the odd man out, and my plan quickly turned. As cliché as it was, I wanted to make Mitch jealous. 
I tugged on the guy’s arm, getting his attention. He turned his head and smiled when he saw me, quickly diverting his attention. He started to talk, but I turned so my back was against his front before he could say anything. Finding his hands, I placed them on my hips, urging him to move with me. The guy had decent rhythm, and the excitement he held was way too obvious. Mitch’s eyes turned darker as he watched, pulling his dance partner's dress up further on her thigh. 
“What’s your name?” my stranger asked as he pressed his body to mine, his hands finding my hips. 
 I turned to face him, wrapping one arm around his neck and the other around his waist. “Jamie, what’s yours?”
“Marshall. You’ve made my night.” 
My lip quirked. I didn’t want to make his night I only wanted to use him to piss Mitch off. Just as his hand went to find my ass, I quickly turned again, grinding it into his groin. His groan of pleasure didn’t go unnoticed and I rolled my eyes. Mitch caught it, and his lip twitched. 
Damn it! I needed to step this game up a notch.
I found Marshall’s hands and moved them to my stomach, letting one roam dangerously close to my breasts and the other even lower on my hip. His hand squeezed my side, and a tremor climbed through his other hand. Wuss. Secretly, I was happy for his modesty. 
Mitch laughed under his breath, then quickly pushed the blonde to the side, causing her to grunt. “Mitch, why’d you do that?” she whined.
“Sorry, sweetheart,” he said, not at all apologetically. Before I knew what was happening, Mitch grabbed me from Marshall, pulling me flush with his body.
“Dude, we were dancing.”
“You suck at dancing. Lady in red needs someone who can take the lead.” Although his words were directed at Marshall, Mitch’s eyes were on me. 
I couldn’t contain my lip from quirking in a triumphant smile. My plan of making him jealous had worked. 
Mitch’s strong arms caged me, his hips moving in a seductive pace, his hands firmly holding me. He knew what he was doing, and every part of me wanted to succumb to his passionate intensity. 
His breath was hot on my neck, his lips dangerously close to tasting my skin. “What’s going on, Jay? I thought you liked to be in charge?”
The fire burned deep inside of me at his cockiness.
Taking hold of his neck with one arm and wrapping my other around his waist, I began to move to the rhythm of the latest Iggy song. Our eyes locked again, and the smug gleam in his eyes wasn’t one I wanted to stare back at. I wanted to see one emotion within those green demons: pure, unadulterated lust. 
Snaking my hand into his back pocket was my first move, urging his groin as close to me as possible. I wanted him to feel my heat and understand that I knew what I wanted. I moved the hand that was around his neck slowly down his shoulders and across his firm pecs. He was solid and strong, and fuck if I wasn’t turned on by the dips of muscle my fingers found the lower down his front I went. Once I reached his belt, my fingers boldly slid under his shirt, feeling his damp skin. They followed the V of his abdomen, something I knew he’d be rocking. If I ever wanted to rip a man’s shirt off, this was the time, and I was damn tempted. As my thumbs brushed gently over the line, Mitch’s grasp grew firmer on my waist, his other hand traveling lower on my back. Every inch of me wanted him to reach down and grab my ass, but I had a point to prove, and my hormones weren’t going to get in the way.
Thrusting my hands to his wrists, I grabbed them and pulled them to our sides, looking up at him and tutting my lips while shaking my head disapprovingly. At first his eyes were stormy, but then that same mischievous gleam shined through. Not wanting my frustration to show, I whipped my body so my back was to his front, grinding roughly yet still in control over our body’s movements. His hands found my hips again, but I reached for them, putting each large hand exactly where I wanted. 
Mitch’s breath was hot on my neck, his nose running along my pulse point and back to my ear. “That a girl, show me how you like it,” he murmured in my ear as though he were the devil himself. Pleasurable shivers ran through me as I moved his hand lower on my hip, wanting those calloused fingers touching every dip of my body. He squeezed his hand, grinding his hip in perfect simulation with my own movements. The man had moves, and I wanted to explore them more than anything. 
Just as my senses were going into overload, his mouth made contact with my neck, taking a forceful suck on my heated flesh. The moan that escaped my mouth was louder than I could control, and I was thankful for the thumping music all around us to help drown it. Mitch’s tongue escaped his mouth, exploring my bare shoulder. It felt amazing, causing me to lean back into him. My hands reached behind my head to grab him, anything that could help reach the need that was building deep in my core. 
Mitch wrapped his arm around my waist, finding the rhythm for us to flow along with the music. His other hand worked its way up my chest and to the front of my neck. His caress was gentle yet firm, but it triggered a deep and dark demon inside of me. My breathing came to a quick halt, feeling as though I was going to suffocate. I reached for his wrist, tearing it from my neck. My hands trembled as I threw myself from his grasp, not bothering to look back at him. I couldn’t even if I wanted to. Fear blurred my vision as I stormed through the many dancers on the floor, bumping into them as I clawed my way through the crowd.
I had to get out of the space. It felt too small and caging. 
Finding an exit sign, I plowed through it, falling to my knees as the fresh summer air filled my lungs slowly. I softly massaged the tense skin on the front of my neck. Standing to my feet was easier once I found my breath again, my hand still clutching my neck. My pulse was racing while my chest still rose rapidly. Stupid. I was being stupid. I never should have danced with the devil, and more importantly, I never should have let him take control.
Gaining my composure needed to happen fast. I’d forgotten why I was here in the first place and I was sure Becca was wondering where I was. My face fell. I was being a shitty friend by putting a man before her. Thank God she understood my need for independence. She was the same way, which is probably why we were such good friends to begin with. Running my hands over my face one last time, I took a deep breath and entered the club to search for Becca. 
“Where the hell have you been?” Nathan asked suspiciously as I approached our section. I brushed him off as I searched the space, frowning when I didn’t see Becca.
“Ladies room. Where’s Becca?” I noticed everyone was gone except Nathan and, of course, Mitch. He was sitting on the couch with that same blonde he’d danced with before. My eyes narrowed as I saw him lean into her ear, making her giggle like he was the funniest person in the world. 
“They left. We ran into Chino, the drug dealer from Grand Rapids. Tyler took a swing at him. Hopefully, Becca can calm him down some.” Nathan grabbed my arm, pulling me toward him and taking my focus from Mitch and his previous dance partner. “Want to go?” he asked irritably.
My eyes closed briefly, then turned to Mitch again. Our eyes locked, and he gave me a fucking wink. I wanted to slap him, but he didn’t deserve the energy. Leaving with Nathan would cut him like it had in the past. 
I always fought dirty like that.
“Yes,” I said calmly, my fingers moving methodically along my neck. “I want to go.” 
“Are you all right?” 
I nodded, even though I was anything but all right. Nathan held his arm out for me to take, and I did instantly, needing his comfort.

Chapter Eight



Jamie, age 17.

Tuesdays and Thursdays were the only days I looked forward to. For that one hour when Deputy Garetti took his dinner break, Rod enlightened my life, forming me from a teenager to a woman. A man’s touch was always something I’d dreamed about, but now it was real and at my fingertips for the taking. He knew all the right places and when to move his hands at the right moment. I was falling hard for a man who was nearly six years older than me, but age didn’t matter, not for that one hour.
“Where are your stockings?” Rod muttered the second I drew the blinds and locked the door.
“They caught on my nail when I was putting them on after school. I thought the tear would be trashy,” I said casually as I began to unbutton my shirt.
He stood from his seat, his blue eyes bright yet stormy as he paced toward me. “Thursdays are stocking days, Jamie. You should have more than one pair.” 
His hands found my waist, walking me backward until I was against the cool brick wall. Air gasped from my mouth as he lifted me, forcefully slamming my back with his body flush with the wall. He nipped at my bottom lip. 
“I like pretending you’re a naughty little secretary.” 
His nips turned into a rough kiss, opening my lips with his tongue, taking over my mouth like he needed it to survive. My legs instantly wrapped around him, my pelvis pressed against his erection. His head pulled away, and I whimpered from the loss of contact. 
“I want to see you this weekend. Let’s go somewhere.” 
His mouth found its way to my neck, humming back to my ear. My heart sped faster. We’d never seen each other outside of this small office.
“Really?” I gasped as he gently tugged on my ear with his teeth. “What if someone sees us?”
He pulled his mouth from my ear, his eyes burning with passion. “I don’t fucking care who sees us.”
My insides fluttered at his want to expose us, but the slight fear in the back of my mind wasn’t far away. “It could ruin your career, and my parents could find out…”
Rod looked at me intently, then unhooked his hands from my hips, setting me flat on the ground. His arms found the brick wall on either side of me, caging me to him. “I don’t care about my career right now. I’m in love with you, Jamie.”
“You are?” I squeaked. He loved me? I grinned like the seventeen-year-old I was. He loved me. 
“Yes. Madly. Now tell me you love me, too,” he demanded.
Wrapping my arms around his neck I nodded enthusiastically. “Yes, I love you, too.”
His smile was wicked the moment the words came off my lips. The chaste kiss filled with excitement was exhilarating. His hands quickly rose to my shoulders and pressed to my neck. “You're mine now, Jamie. Always.” His words were strong and possessed, promising danger. A commitment no one should make after only a month's time of being purely physical, but he made me feel wanted and loved. 
“Tell me,” he demanded.
“I’m yours,” I whispered with starry eyes.
The pressure of his hands on my neck increased as his brows furrowed. I was confused now, not sure why he was unhappy with my proclamation.
“I’m yours…” His hand tightened, waiting for me to add the most crucial part of his statement.
My lip trembled as I finished his sentence. “I’m yours, always.”
He claimed my mouth with more lust than ever before. His hands stayed firmly planted on my neck, uncomfortable on my throat.



***

“What’s got you all cheery?” Landon asked as I hopped into the car. 
 “Something interesting happen with Garreti?”
I couldn’t contain the snort that escaped my mouth. “Most definitely not.”
Landon tapped the steering wheel as he turned out of the parking lot of the station. “Yeah, something to do with that chummy-looking cadet who was grabbing your ass on the way out?”
My eyes bugged out as my head whipped in his direction. “He did not!”
Landon laughed. “You’re right, he didn’t, but he sure looked like he wanted to.”
“What can I say? I have a nice ass.”
“Now we both know I have the best ass,” Landon teased.
“Whatever!” I smacked him on the shoulder. “How was Lucy at the Country Club?” Turning the tables had always been more fun.
Landon sighed dramatically. “I think I’m in love.”
“That good, huh?”
“She almost gave me her number tonight.” His brown eyes left the road for a moment to look at me. “You’re changing the subject.”
“No, I’m not,” I lied.
“Then tell me about that dude. Otherwise, I’m going to go interrogate him while Dad’s working.”
“You wouldn’t.”
“Oh, I would.” The devious look in his eyes was unmistakable. He’d totally do it, and it’d blow my cover and piss a whole bunch of people off. Warmth filled me when I thought about Rod being happy we’d be out in the open, but I knew it would be an uphill battle even more so if word got out he was involved with the sheriff’s daughter who happened to be underage.
“All right, we may be interested in each other.”
“Go on…” Landon encouraged.
“I love him,” I whispered. Landon slammed on his breaks, causing me to lurch forward and feel the sting of the seat belt. “What was that about?”
“We’re at a stop light. You’re not in love with him. You can’t be,” Landon scoffed, speeding off once the light turned green again. “You haven’t even introduced him to me.” Landon sounded  offended. He was my brother, and he normally was a big part of my life. I didn’t mean to hurt his feelings.
“He’s a lot older than me.”
“No shit. How much older?” His voice was stern now, his protectiveness shining through.
“Well, not that much older. Only six years.”
“Jamie, that’s illegal!” he shouted at me, causing me to flinch. “Have you even hung out with him outside of the few hours at the station?”
I shook my head, realizing how silly I was for thinking I could be in love with someone I hardly knew.
But wasn’t that how love worked? It would hit you hard and out of left field, completely blindsiding your heart and dissolving your perspective on what’s right and what’s wrong.
“You need to be careful,” he said gently. “Older guys only want one thing.”
I looked out the window, not wanting to meet his eyes. I know he was just being protective of me, but him figuring out I’d given away that part of me felt awkward.
“I know, but Rod’s not like that. I promise.”

Chapter Nine



Jamie. Age 17.

“Are you sure the beach will be a safe spot?” I asked skeptically as I squirted suntan lotion into my palms. “I know we’re forty-five minutes away from home, but Boynton Beach is pretty popular.”
Rod pulled a cooler from his trunk along with a bag loaded with beach supplies. “It’s not as popular as Palm Beach, where I originally wanted to go,” he muttered, setting the cooler down by our feet. 
He crossed his arms as he stared down at me. His floppy blond hair was waving in the wind, and I couldn’t tell if he was frustrated with me or not. This was our first outing in public. 
“You wanted to come here, so this is where we are. I’d appreciate it if you’d quit being so nervous and relax.” His teeth were clenched at first, but a slow grin formed on his mouth. “Besides, I’ve been anxious to see you in the bathing suit I bought you.”
A flush formed on my cheeks as my head dipped down at my feet. Rod chuckled, his hands finding my sides underneath my tank top. “You sure are cute when you’re embarrassed. Come on, let’s go find a place to sit.”
“How’d you get today off anyway?” I asked while following him to the sand. My feet flinched at first from the heat, but with a few steps I got used to it.
“I have my ways,” he said slyly, looking over his shoulder and giving me a wink. I couldn’t help but grin back at him. He gave my stomach the best butterflies. 
The beach was packed, from families with teenagers to college kids. I felt uneasy with so many people around. I was bound to run into someone I knew.
“Let me get your back.” Rod dug through the beach bag for the sunscreen as I took off my tank top and skirt. The bathing suit he’d gifted me the previous night at work was bright white with rhinestones throughout the hip and a triangle shaped top. There wasn’t much to the suit, when I’d first observed it in the mirror, I was embarrassed by how much skin was showing, but I wanted to please him.
When I faced him, his eyes went wide with excitement, causing me to grin. His hands massaged the sunscreen deeply into my shoulders and back, then underneath my bottoms. 
“Rod,” I scolded, swatting his hands while wiggling from his reach. He chuckled, then slapped my ass, causing my face to turn bright red from the mother of three who was watching us intently. 
“There are people everywhere. Can you not?” I grumbled, finding my place on the blanket.
The wiggle of his eyebrows irritated me. “Who cares? You don’t know who they are. Do me now,” he demanded, sitting down next to me and handing me the sunscreen.
I snatched it from him, loading my hands so I could rub it across his broad shoulders and back. My annoyance faded as my hands caressed his bare skin. He’d always kept the majority of his clothing on while we were together. Having his flesh under the pads of my fingers was arousing. The dips in his back where his muscles flexed were hot, allowing my mind to ease about the crowdedness of the beach.
“So where are you from?” I asked, clearing my throat and attempting to change the path of my thoughts. 
He casually laid back on the blanket, making himself a pillow with his forearms. “I’m from Miami originally. I grew up with my grandparents. My dad died when I was seven, and my mother isn’t really around.”
The awkward silence filled the space between us, causing my legs to draw to my chest, wrapping my arms protectively around them. “I’m sorry. Do you ever see your mom?”
He sighed, moving so he was on his side. “Sometimes. She’s in an institution. My grandfather encourages me to visit but, it’s… hard.”
My eyes scrunched. “Hard?”
Rod pulled his glasses from his head, his blue eyes dull as they looked into mine. “Let’s just say she’s lived in a padded room most of her life.”
I cocked my head, pity filling me for a boy who lost his family at such a young age.
“Don’t look at me like that.” His voice was low and defensive.
My eyes darted to my fidgety toes. “I can’t imagine not having my family. They mean everything to me.”
“I thought I meant everything to you?”
“I care about you a lot, you know that,” I whispered, feeling a flush run up my neck. “But I’m sure you’d feel lost if something happened to your grandfather. What about your grandmother?”
“She died a few years back.” His arm reached for my wrist, pulling my attention from my feet to his stormy eyes. “I do care for my grandfather, but you’re my world, Jamie.”
I gulped, feeling exposed by his stare. His words made me feel like a sappy teenage girl in love, but deep down they were frightening as well. My hand moved to his cheek, cradling his firm jaw as he clenched his teeth. 
“You’re intense.” I smiled, trying to lighten the mood with a joke.
Rod sat up, both his hands reaching for my jaw, his thumbs brushing down my chin to my neck. It was uncomfortable, especially the way his eyes burned into mine. “I love you as much as the air we breathe. Don’t ever forget that.” 
His hands moved down my jaw to my neck, possessively massaging. I didn’t like it, so my hands found his wrists, gripping them so he’d release me.

“I love you too, Rod. I just want to know more about you. We never talk … Please don’t be angry.” His eyes closed briefly, then his hands softened on my neck. I guided his hands into the sand, my nostrils inhaling a breath of ease. 
“Let’s go for a swim.” 
I watched him stand, all emotion dropping from his face in his movements. Hesitantly, I followed, hoping his mood would lift after the swim.
By the time I caught up with him, I was waist deep, the cool water, startling me with each step I took. Rod turned with a smirk, his hand scooping the water and tossing it at me. I squealed from the sudden sting of the salty ocean water. 
“Rod!” I giggled, holding my hands over my face.
His arms were around me now. “It’s best to just go under.” 
We dipped low, water taking over my senses and consuming me. I gasped when he brought us back above water, wiping my eyes and smiling at his playfulness.
“Thanks for coming with me today,” he said softly, kissing my nose.
My heart fluttered as my smile broadened from his gentleness, happy his mood had shifted.



***

 “I’m going to use the restroom before we leave.”
Rod nodded as he watched me. “Put your tank top and skirt on before you go,” he commanded while packing our things.
I squinted at him, unsure why it mattered. Quickly putting on my skirt, I grabbed my tank, carrying it with me as I walked toward the bathhouse.
“Jamie Rae!” 
I froze, realizing someone recognized me when I didn’t want to be seen. The voice belonged to Kevin, my older brother’s friend. My eyes searched the group he was with, and thankfully Landon was nowhere to be seen. 
“Hey there, cutie pie, what are you doing at this beach?” he questioned, his eyes hazy from drinking, and most likely other substances. His arm moved around my neck, pulling me to his side as we walked to the bathhouse.
“Just soaking up the sun,” I said as nonchalantly as I could.
“You by yourself? Come hang with us. You need to stop being such a downer, Jay,” he teased, hugging me closer.
“She’s not alone,” Rod’s low voice muttered from behind us.
Shivers ran up my spine from his tone. He wasn’t happy. 
Kevin turned, keeping his arm around my shoulders. “Hey, how’s it going, bro?” Kevin greeted in his stereotypical Floridian surfer accent.
“It’d be going wonderfully if you’d get your hands off my girl.” Rod’s eyes were on fire, his fists balled at his side. 
I gently nudged Kevin with my elbow. “This is Kevin, my brother’s best friend.”
“Um, yeah… Who the hell are you?” Kevin said protectively, the hint of my elbow nudge not enough for him to let go of me.
“I’m her boyfriend.” Rod reached for me, yanking me from Kevin. 
Kevin crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Does Lando know about this guy?”
I was dying inside now. “Of course he does. See you later, Kevin.” I quickly darted under Rod’s arm, walking quickly toward the parking lot. 
This wasn’t going to be good. I didn’t feel him following me right away, but by the time I’d found the car, he pressed his body into mine, forcing my back against the car.
“I told you to put your fucking clothes back on,” he growled, his eyes murderous. 
“I was.” My voice was small, taken back by his anger. “Kevin stopped me before I could—”
“You’re not allowed to see him again. I don’t even want you to look at him.” His voice was like venom as his eyes bore into mine. 
I was stunned, shocked by his anger at the situation. “He doesn’t mean anything to me—”
Rod’s hands found my neck again, his thumbs pressing against my throat. “You will not associate with him. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” I gasped, fighting the uncomfortableness of his hands. 
He dropped his arms, stomping to his side of the car. “Let’s go.”
My hands found my knees as oxygen filled my lungs. The look in his eyes was terrifying.

I never wanted to disobey him again.


Chapter Ten



I was thankful for his silence as we drove to his penthouse last night. He knew something was off, but didn’t press me for information. That was the best part about our relationship; we didn’t hover. I found those were the only successful friendships I’d ever had. 
Curling my body into his high thread count sheets was too easy. Sleeping with them all day sounded more appealing than what was planned.
“Becca texted me last night wanting to know where you were since you didn’t answer your phone,” Nathan said as he sat on the bed next to me. “I told her you came home with me instead of staying at the hotel.”
I winced. “Did she seem mad?”
Nathan shrugged. “Not really, but it was a text. She’s got her hands full with Tyler lately.”
I nodded, glad Becca wasn’t mad about my lack of appearance at her party. I wasn’t a very good friend sometimes. “You said he punched a drug dealer?” I asked, trying to keep the conversation flowing so we wouldn’t talk about my change of direction in mood last night.
“Yes, Tyler punched Chino. He’s the one we think Mitch is helping to hide drugs on our properties.” His eyes narrowed at me.
Talking about Mitch wasn’t going to happen. Not today. 
“I’m sure everything will be fine,” I sighed, turning over to reach for my phone from Nathan’s hand.
Nathan bit his cheek. “You’d tell me if you knew something, right?”
“Of course. Not sure why I would know something, though?”
Nathan gave me a look. “Don’t feed me that bullshit.”
I rolled my eyes at him. “Nothing is happening between us. Like I’ve said before, he’s annoying, and so not my type.” Sexual tension had nothing to do with liking someone, and I didn’t feel the need to discuss it with Nathan.
“All right. I’m leaving for the golf course. Curious to see what kind of shape everyone is in from last night. Although, I think we’re the only ones who didn’t have sex.” Nathan sighed.
Guilt rushed through me. “I’m sorry, Nathan. I didn’t mean to put a kibosh on your night.”
He waved his hand at me as he stood. “Please. There weren’t any worthy takers at that club. I was ready to leave anyway. Besides, I didn’t sleep alone.” 
I returned his smile. He was way too good for me, especially when I’d been such a bitch to him the week prior. 


I left shortly after Nathan. I needed to find my hotel room and grab my things. As comfy as Nathan’s sweatpants and undershirt were, I wouldn’t be caught dead wearing them at Becca’s wedding shower. I could only imagine the bank accounts of the people who’d be in attendance. 
As I made my way into the hotel lobby, the receptionist gave me a knowing smile. I hid behind my hair as I found the elevator, heading to my floor at an agonizingly slow speed. He probably thought I’d had a one night stand. At least I wasn’t still in my dress. Then I thought about that blonde Mitch was all over last night. My ears burned at the thought of seeing her disheveled and walking out of his room. 
Prick. Why did I let him get to me?
The key card to my room took my forceful swipe. I’d only spent a half hour in this room yesterday when I’d dropped off my things but, I knew the massive bouquet of deep red roses were a new decorative piece. My body sunk into the sofa chair twenty feet from the table where the flowers were located, and tears pricked my eyes the moment I saw the black letter sitting next to them. 
How did he know I was here? 
My hand instinctively reached for my throat, my fingers rubbing along the front of my neck, the control he still had over me clawing its way through my body. I jolted from my seat, storming toward the flowers and letter. I grabbed the vase and chucked it against the opposing wall, shattering the glass into tiny pieces with a loud crash. My fists formed balls as I pounded them into the mattress. 
The black envelope was rough on my fingers as I tore it into several pieces, giving myself more than one paper cut in the process. Blood dripped down my fingers as tears of anger and frustration fell down my cheeks, mixing with the blood from my hands onto the crinkled pieces of black carbon. 
I hated him. He didn’t own me. Not anymore.



***

I managed to pull myself together for Becca’s shower. My flowing coral dress fit in appropriately with the crowd, even though my mind most certainly wasn’t on the same page. Becca was in a trance as well. We fit perfectly together, methodically going through the motions while our brains were fixated on other issues. 
“Sorry I left without saying goodbye last night,” Becca said in a monotone voice. 
“Don’t sweat it. I left quickly, too. I wasn’t feeling well.” It wasn’t a total lie. “How are things with Tyler?”
She shrugged. I hated seeing my best friend so unsure. “It’ll work itself out,” I said positively, setting my hand on her shoulder. She gave me a grateful smile, then continued her bride duties.
 “Jamie, great to see you again,” Mary Conklin said enthusiastically as she gave me a big hug. I returned her hug as comfortably as I could. We’d met while dress shopping yesterday, but by the intensity of her hug you’d think we’d known each other our entire lives. She definitely moved to the beat of her own drum; eccentric and in her own world, according to Becca. Nathan’s description was similar, just slightly more tender. He loved his mother but knew she was a handful.
“Thank you for letting me tag along today.”
Mary waved her hand as if I were speaking a foreign language. “Of course I’d invite the maid of honor. Besides, Nathan talks about you all the time. Only good things. We must get to know each other better.” She laughed. 
I grinned at her, a small amount of warmth filling me knowing that Nathan told his mother about me. The green of her eyes had a gleam in them as she smiled, and they reminded me of Mitch’s. I had to look away from her. The way Mitch’s lust-filled eyes bore into mine last night made my core tighten, and the weirdness of that feeling rising inside of me while I talked to his mother was awkward as hell.
“You’ll be at dinner tonight, right?” Mary asked. She clearly had more social rounds to make. I nodded enthusiastically. 
The pretend smile stayed on my face throughout the rest of the party. It was shockingly easy for me to act a completely different way around others, even if they were people I loved.
Just as the crowd was dwindling the men made their appearance. They had been playing golf at the country club during the shower. I inwardly growled as I saw Mitch walking inside. He looked odd dressed in black slacks, polo shirt, and a matching hat. I liked him better in his work jeans and T-shirt. 
Stop it. You don’t like Mitch at all! Well, maybe his body…
I needed to find something to keep me busy so I wouldn’t be tempted to bicker with him. Fortunately, Nathan saved the day. “You’ll be happy to know, I didn’t lose today,” Nathan said with a grin. 
I returned his smile. “That’s a first.”
He rolled his eyes as he sat down at a table dressed in fine linens. “How’d the shower go?”
“Fine,” I said calmly, moving ribbons around the makeshift bouquet for Becca’s rehearsal dinner, wondering who’d originally thought of such a silly tradition.
“That much fun, huh?” 
I laughed under my breath. Nathan could read me too well. 
“Need a ride back to your hotel?”
An icy chill ran through me. Visions of the deep red roses sprawled over the floor amongst shards of glass filled my mind. Going back to that room scared me. For all I knew, he’d convinced the hotel that he was staying with me, had got a key, and would be waiting for me to come back. He hadn’t made a physical appearance in seven years, but he’d also never followed me out of Florida, or found his way into my own personal space like an office or hotel room. “Jamie,” Nathan prodded me out of my thoughts. 
I gulped, my hand moving to caress my throat. “Actually, I wanted to go shopping for something new to wear tonight. Want to come with me?”
Nathan scrunched his face as though he ate something sour, but agreed. “I could use something new I guess.”
“Do you care if I ask Becca to join us? I feel bad for ditching her last night.” Nathan shrugged in agreement as he stood, leaving the table to go chat with his mom.
“Why don’t you ask me to come shopping with you?”
The audible groan that came from my mouth seemed to please Mitch as he sat down next to me. “You’re not invited.”
“Come on, you know you love my company.”
“Hmm, what’s that saying? Misery loves company?” I tapped my chin. “Seems to be the case when I’m with you.”
“Nah, I’m always happy with you, Jamie,” Mitch flirted with a wink. “Have dinner with me tonight.”
I rolled my eyes. “We’re all having dinner together tonight.” 
Mitch’s lip quirked. “It’s a date. See you then.” He left as though he’d won me over. 
Jerk.



***


Becca declined my invitation to go shopping so she could spend some time with Tyler and her family, but I was okay with it. I hadn’t gone shopping with Nathan in a very long time. It was fun to pick out clothing for him, and he had good taste for what a woman should wear. 
He shooed me from the clearance rack stores and drove to Michigan Avenue, also known as the Magnificent Mile. Those clothes were way too expensive, even with the very generous Conklin salary. 
 “That royal blue color would look great on you, Jay,” Nathan said as he pointed toward a rack of pricey dresses at Giorgio Armani. 
“At $575.98, I think I’ll pass.”
Nathan scowled and stormed toward me, grabbing a dress that was in my size. “Try it on. Think of it as a monthly bonus.”
“Nathan…”
“Really. I want to do this. Try it on, please.” Nathan was stern with his words, but I knew he secretly felt bad for arguing with me the week before. He hadn’t verbally apologized, but I knew he would make nice gestures to make himself feel better for being a jerk. This wasn’t the first time I’d gotten a random ‘bonus’. 
“I’ll throw in matching shoes and maybe some jewelry if we have time.”
Giving in, I took the dress from him and headed toward the fitting room. Once I was in the dressing room, I overheard Nathan chatting with an employee. He was always a good talker. 
 “There are a few suits that would go perfectly with your girlfriend’s dress in our men’s section.”
 “I’d love for you to show me. My girlfriend loves when we match.” I covered my mouth to contain my snort. He loved toying with people.
I stepped out of the dressing room, searching for the three-way mirror. Nathan was putting on his charm for the employee, carrying back a cashmere sweater with the same color blue as my dress. “Wow, Jay. That looks great,” he said kindly as he examined me.
“I agree,” the woman said enthusiastically. “We have some heels that would be perfect. I’ll grab them for you to try on. What size?”
“Seven and a half,” Nathan said instinctively. He took his eyes off me and held his sweater out in front of him. “What do you think?”
“We’d match,” I said with a slight laugh. “It’d look great, though.”
“Then I’m buying it. We both know I need to make us look good.” 
He was dead serious, and it made me love him even more.
The employee rushed back with a pair of matching blue heels with black toes. I thought they were adorable and couldn’t wait to try them on. The blue jeweled necklace she showed me was stunning and completed my ensemble perfectly. 
 “You two are such a cute couple,” the employee said. Nathan gave her a quick grin, then went back to his phone. 
“Thank you,” I said with a sly smile. Nathan smirked while looking at his phone. We were always on the same page. 



***

The restaurant was on the ninetieth floor of the Hancock building. The dining was elegant and tasteful, along with its patrons. “Nathan, always first to the occasion,” Mary Conklin greeted her eldest son warmly. His smile was sincere as he leaned in to kiss her cheek. “Jamie, I love your dress,” she added, reaching to give me a hug.
Soon Becca’s parents arrived along with her sister’s family and brother. Tyler and Becca followed, his hand firmly on her lower back as they walked into the waiting area. Both of them looked distracted, I’m sure because of Tyler’s run in with the supposed drug dealer from Grand Rapids, but I still had my doubts. 
Mitch graced us with his presence and my eyes went wide when I saw him. He’d only ever worn jeans and T-shirts around me, usually with a Cubs baseball hat. But this time he had on well-fitted dress slacks and a polo shirt tucked in neatly with a belt. His short sandy blond hair was styled perfectly, making a faux hawk but just slightly to the side. He was mouthwatering, and I hated the immediate fantasies that exploded in my mind when I saw him, but they all too soon vanished when a bright-eyed brunette gracefully followed him, wrapping her arm around his. The closer Mitch and his date got to us, the bigger his smirk became. I was beginning to think he loved to piss me off as much as I loved to despise him.
My heart sank, then my anger fueled. Scowling at him was easier to do when he was acting like a dick.
My anger subsided into horror when I recognized his date for the evening. She was the attendant at Giorgio Armani who’d thought Nathan and I was a couple. My head dipped low, leaning into Nathan. How were we going to pull this one off? She was too friendly not to say hello and recognize us 
“Nathan, this night might get interesting,” I murmured into his shoulder. His brows crinkled as he looked down toward me then followed my line of sight. The slight laugh that escaped his lips made me feel more at ease. 
“Yes, it just might,” he added, holding his arm out to me. I took it easily, leaning in closer than normal, making sure Mitch saw the gesture. His eyes darkened and his mouth formed a thin line. Just the reaction I was hoping for. I flipped my hair as I turned, feeling satisfied to have wiped the cocky expression off his face.
“Mary, this table is gorgeous. And look at the view.” Becca’s mother gasped as we scattered around the table to find seats. Nathan and I took the far end by Becca and Tyler and, to my terrible luck, Mitch and Armani girl sat directly across from us. 
“Oh my goodness, you two came into the store today,” Mitch’s date finally realized. I nodded politely, not wanting her to make a big deal about it. “I knew that dress would look great on you. And so does that sweater.”  
“Well, the person makes the outfit, I always say. Isn’t that right, Mom?” Nathan said, raising his hand to the waiter. “I’ll have a vodka tonic. You want the same, Jay?”
Nodding politely to Nathan didn’t go unnoticed by Mitch. His lip quirk was obvious from the corner of my eye. I was waiting for him to order me a beer instead.
“I’ll have the same,” Mitch replied, startling me slightly that he hadn’t ordered his usual Labatts. His date looked at Mitch longingly as though she were waiting for him to order for her as Nathan did for me, but soon gave up and asked for a martini.
“What did you and Tyler do all afternoon?” I murmured to Becca, who was absentmindedly looking over the menu. I had to nudge her a few times to get her to answer. 
“Hmm? Oh, sorry. He actually had some work to do, so my family and I went to Millennium Park. Heather’s kids loved it.” She smiled when she talked, but I knew her head was elsewhere. 
“So how do you all know Mitch?” Mitch’s date asked. She was obnoxiously friendly, and I felt bad that Mitch didn’t have the decency to introduce her to anyone at the table. I wonder if she knew how promiscuous he was, considering he’d been with that blonde last night.
“I’m Nathan, Mitch’s brother,” Nathan said casually, holding his drink in the air to her in greeting. “And this is—”
“I’m Jamie,” I quickly added, unsure how he’d introduce me.
“I’m Mandy,” she said excitedly. Then she whispered across the table to me, “This is the first time Mitch has taken me out.” She covered her mouth while letting out a giggle. Mitch wiggled his eyebrows in her direction, making her blush. The poor girl was clearly fascinated by him. 
“This will be her last time as well,” Nathan hummed in my ear. I bit the insides of my cheeks, trying to hold in my own giggle. Nathan had informed me many times before that Mitch never brought the same girl around twice, another reason why I needed to fight our sexual tension.
Mitch’s head craned in Nathan’s direction, his eyes burning as he looked at him whispering in my ear. If I didn’t know any better, pure jealousy for his brother was what those eyes held. My smile was slinky as I leaned into Nathan’s whisper, making his lips barely touch my ear, but I wasn’t sure what else he said because my eyes were glued on the fury in Mitch’s. 
 “Nathan, tell us about Miami,” Mary asked, interrupting the stare down between Mitch and me. 
I turned in her direction, seeing her smile brightly at me as though she’d observed our interaction. I scooted away from Nathan. His mother didn’t need to get the wrong idea about her son, although I was pretty sure she already knew which side he went to.
“Well, we just landed a huge account. I’ll be able to say more in two weeks once we release to the press,” Nathan began. He was animated when he talked, controlling the entire table. I smiled fondly at him, enjoying the enthusiasm and pride he shared with his company.
We managed to dodge any awkwardness with Mandy throughout dinner, probably because Nathan was doing most of the talking while she was trying to get Mitch’s attention throughout the evening. Mitch looked pre-occupied, almost angry about something. Whenever Nathan would refer to him in his conversation with the rest of the table, he gave short answers with a scowl. 
“What’s wrong, little brother?” Nathan asked as he gently placed his arm on the back of my chair. It was a gesture he normally did when we were being social.
Mitch’s eyes followed Nathan’s arm as his jaw clenched. “Nothing’s wrong,” Mitch answered irritably. Just as Nathan turned his head to talk to Tyler, Mitch started to speak again. “You two sure are cozy.”
Nathan gave him a funny look. “What are you talking about?”
Mitch glanced my way, then looked back to Nathan. “I didn’t realize how close you two were. That type of relationship can’t be good for business.”
“You mean a professional friendship based on trust and loyalty?” Nathan asked inquisitively.
Mitch laughed under his breath as he shifted in his seat. “A friendship?”
Nathan moved his arm from behind me, shifting his body so his attention was solely on Mitch. “Yes, they’re the best kind to have.”
“Wait,” Mandy stuttered in confusion. “But at the shop you said you were together?”
Well, shit. The entire table turned the focus to Nathan and me, causing my face to flush with embarrassment.
“What?” Becca, Tyler, and Mary asked in unison.
Nathan took a long sip of his drink while I tried to think fast about why we lied to her earlier. 
“Yeah… that’s what I thought,” Mitch seethed. 
I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms. “You know that’s not true.”
“Well, yeah. We all know Jamie isn’t my type.” Laughter escaped Nathan in an awkward way. He didn’t like talking about his sexual orientation. For a man who was so confident, you’d think it’d be easy for him, but discussing his sexuality seemed to be the only part of Nathan that was timid and reluctant. 
Mandy looked confused, along with the rest of the group. Nathan’s head dipped low toward his lap. I didn’t like his change in demeanor. Fuck Mitch for bringing up his brother’s personal life that he so obviously struggled with sharing.
“Who was the girl you were with last night, Mitch?” I asked slowly, sitting tall in my chair. The heat moved from Nathan onto Mitch, heads whipping in his direction.
“Um,” he stalled, avoiding Mandy’s eyes.
Mandy’s brows narrowed. “I thought you were with your brothers last night?” 
“I was,” he said quickly. “It was Tyler’s bachelor party.”
Mandy’s eyes grew wide. “You blew off meeting my parents to be with a bunch of strippers?”
The stillness of the table was evident as Mitch began to twitch in his seat. My triumphant grin was radiating but soon became deflated.
“Jamie, where did you go last night?” Tyler piped in so our side of the table could hear. I ran my hand through my hair. I’d been absent because my hormones were pulled in an idiot’s direction.
Mitch’s smirk was like a neon sign. “Yeah, Jay… where were you last night?”
“I was there,” I snapped in his direction.
“Dancing, right?” he coaxed.
Keeping my demeanor was a battle I was on the verge of losing. “Yes,” I answered slowly with a fake smile. “Last I heard, dancing was the prime activity while visiting a club.” 
Becca and her family thankfully began discussing the wedding again, removing the attention from me. Unfortunately, Mitch wasn’t done giving me a hard time.
Mitch let out a slight laugh. “Oh, that’s right, you found that nerdy guy to dance with, but if I remember correctly, he wasn’t getting the job done.” His eyes burned at his innuendo. He knew he was on the verge of satisfying my every need on that dance floor, and his cocky attitude pissed me off more than ever.
“Did you have strippers there last night, Mitch?” Mandy demanded, tugging on Mitch’s arm. Though she was mad, I could see the hurt in her eyes. Bringing up last night to let Mitch feel the heat had been a bitch move on my part.
“There weren’t any strippers,” I murmured across the table. “Tyler isn’t into that.”
Nathan nodded in agreement. “Yeah, but that blonde might as well have been one. Did she keep her promises last night, Mitch?”
Mitch’s eyes bugged out in shock. “Um, no… she didn’t.”
Mandy crossed her arms, moving her body as far away from Mitch as possible. I nudged Nathan’s shoulder. The poor girl looked to be on the verge of tears now. “Why did you say that?” I whispered in Nathan’s direction.
Nathan scowled, then brushed me off. He was as fed up with his brother’s behavior as I was. 



***

Mandy left the second we all stood to say our goodbyes. As she walked away, Mitch didn’t blink an eye in her direction. Instead, he stormed toward Nathan and me while we were saying goodbye to Becca’s parents.
“Why’d you do that?” Mitch asked Nathan, pulling him to the side.
“What?”
“Don’t play dumb with me, Nathan. You just ruined my night.”
“Oh, please,” I butted in, “I’m sure you can call that blonde from last night. She looked good and clingy.”
Mitch’s eyes darted in my direction. “I need to talk to you.”
“Then talk.”
Nathan glanced between the two of us. “I guess I need to catch up on emails.” He slid between us, my groan in annoyance clear as he passed me. “I’ll be at the bar downstairs.” 
I nodded at him, then glared at Mitch. He frowned, then reached for my forearm, guiding me to an open table. 

“Why’d you run off last night?” he asked as he took a seat next to me. His knee brushed against mine. I crossed my legs and moved one arm around my waist. 
“I didn’t run off,” I lied.
Mitch leaned closer to me, putting his arm behind me on top of my chair. “Jamie, we were practically fucking on the dance floor. You were limp in my arms, then you tensed and vanished. Why?”
“I wasn’t limp in your arms.” My defenses were high now. “We were just dancing. You need to get your signals checked.”
“My signals?” Mitch’s eyes became stormy as his jaw ticked. “What about your signals? You were grabbing my ass and rubbing against my dick!”
My hand flew from my stomach to my hips. “It’s called dancing. Sorry you couldn’t handle it.” I hissed in frustration.
Mitch stood to his feet, staring intently down at me. “Stop fighting this. We could be so good together, Jamie.” He grabbed my arm, slowly pulling me from my chair and to his chest. “The way our bodies moved together…I know you felt it too.” His nose brushed my ear, and that same suffocating feeling pulsed through my veins. I shoved him forcefully, grabbing my neck again. “No, you’re delusional. Go back to the blonde you were with last night, or that poor girl you brought to dinner.”
Mitch rolled his eyes. “Jesus, Jamie, those women mean nothing to me. They’re just retreads.”
“What the hell is a retread?”
A slight grin came across his face. “Girls I’ve already been with and can call for a good time. Like a tire track, a road I’ve traveled on before.”
I groaned in disgust as I shoved his chest, making him drop his arms from my waist. “You’re such a pig.”
“It’d be different with you, Jamie.” He coaxed, moving closer to me. I couldn’t take his proximity when I was so furious with him. The urge to deck him and hump him blurred together obnoxiously.
“You don’t even know what I like.”
His hand moved a strand of hair from my shoulder. “Let me find out.”
“No, not when you’re so willing to go and screw some other woman the second I turn you down!”
“I don’t do that,” he said defensively. 
“You sure went to that blonde fast after I left your ass last night,” I snarled.
Mitch’s scowl formed on his face again. “What did you expect? The sexiest woman there got me all worked up. I needed someone to take care of it.”
“That’s what your hand is for, asshole.”
Mitch’s eyebrow rose. “So you’re jealous?”
“You wish.” 
I turned on my heels, my hair whipping him in the face as I headed to the elevator. I didn’t even care about the onlookers who were staring while Mitch and I argued. They didn’t seem to faze him either as he casually followed behind me.
“Come on, one date. That’s all I’m asking for,” Mitch murmured behind me. The elevator dinged open before I told him no. “I won’t stop asking.”
“And I won’t stop saying no.” I huffed, crossing my arms and leaning backward against the mirrors that covered the inside of the elevator.
 “I’ll walk you to your hotel.”
A devious smile spread across my face. “I’m staying with your brother.” Ha! That’d knock the smug grin from his lips.
Instead, it got even bigger. “Great, I live in the same building.”
Fuck my life.

Chapter Eleven



Jamie, Age 17.


My palms were sweaty as I gripped the steering wheel. I’d driven forty-five minutes in the pouring rain to a mall where I wouldn’t see anyone I knew. Thankfully, Landon had to work at the country club this weekend so I could take the car. 
Rod wanted to pick me up, but I was terrified my parents would somehow find out, so I’d lied, telling them I was going out with a friend from school. They were surprised at first, considering I didn’t have many friends, but were happy I was going out. I’d never given them a reason in the past to not trust me.
I was also a touch frightened by the last time I’d driven with him to the beach. He turned cold and angry, and I wanted to have my own way out if need be.
Pounding on my window startled me. Rod was standing in the rain, his hood hanging low on his forehead. His eyes were bright blue as they stared at me through the window.
“You scared me.” I laughed as I opened the door. 
He took my arm and quickly pulled me to the mall entrance. “Wouldn’t have been startled if we could have ridden together,” he grumbled.
“I’m sorry,” I said quietly, pulling my hood over my head. “We both could get into huge trouble if anyone saw us together outside of the department.”
Rod shoved the door open with his shoulder, then pulled me to his chest once we were inside. “I think it’s time I tell you we can’t get in trouble.” His grin was wicked as he stared down at me. “My grandfather is the Chief of Operations.”
I blinked up at him, causing his grin to become wider. “He’s in charge of multiple city departments, including Canal Point. I do no wrong in my grandfather’s eyes.”
I looked at him questioningly. “But I thought my dad—”
Rod moved his thumb to cover my lips before I could continue talking. His gentle caress was enough to make me lose my train of thought. “Sorry, sweetheart, but my grandfather trumps us all. He could catch you sucking my cock in the office and I’d still have my job.”
My eyes grew wide as I searched around us, fearful other mall goers would hear Rod talk about me going down on him. He laughed at my reaction. 
“You’re so innocent, yet so naughty.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. I didn’t like when he referred to me as being young. “I’m not that innocent.”
The heat in his eyes made my breath catch. “Trust me, I know. I can’t wait to get you alone tonight. I want to see just how naughty you’ll be when no one’s pounding on a door to interrupt us. Speaking of which… I want to get you a few new outfits. That tight little ass needs some new panties,” he growled as his hands moved lower, slipping into the backs of my jean’s pockets.
“Rod,” I squirmed, trying to maneuver his hands out of my pockets. “Can you not?”
His arms became firm as he squeezed my butt harder. 
“Jamie, this is my ass and I’ll touch it whenever I want.”
“Well, I don’t want you touching me in public like this.”
Rod studied me, his scrutinizing stare almost caused my lip to tremble. He moved his hands from my pockets to my lower back. “You’ll change your mind.” The coldness in his stare turned mischievous. “Let’s go shopping.” 
“Rod, I can’t afford these clothes,” I whispered as he tugged me into the depths of Victoria’s Secret. Walmart was more in my price range.
Ignoring me, he scanned the racks, the blue of his eyes lightening the more he observed. “That’s the one you need.” He nodded in the direction of a very lacy, white see through teddy that didn’t leave a whole lot to the imagination.
My head dipped low, embarrassed by the few other customers in the store. “I’m not sure.” My thumb traced the intermingled lace and satin, it felt smooth and elegant, everything I secretly wanted so desperately to become. But that wasn’t my lifestyle, and it most likely would never be. 
“Let’s get one in white and black,” he said huskily, searching for my size. My arms were wrapped around my waist self-consciously. The way he moved about this store without hesitation was odd.
“Rod, I told you I don’t have enough money for these.”
After grabbing both garments, he turned to me. “I’ll get them. Don’t worry about money, sweetheart.”
Not that I wanted to hurt his ego, but he was only a cadet. My father was the sheriff and wasn’t exactly rolling in the cash, so I couldn’t imagine his pockets would be that deep.
He licked his lips then whispered in my ear, “Go pick something out. I want a surprise tonight.” 



***

“Order whatever you’d like,” Rod requested as I opened the menu. It had been a long day and I wasn’t sure how I felt about all the clothing he’d purchased for me. I wasn’t sure how I was going to explain where they came from to my parents. My mother was busy raising me and my siblings, but she’d notice the expensive clothing in the wash. 
 “Thank you again for today,” I said shyly as I peeked at him over my menu. 
His lip quirked in satisfaction. “You can thank me later.” His voice was deep and filled with a need that made my blood pump faster. I only had one problem.
“About that…”
A thin line formed on his face as he patiently waited for me to continue talking.
“I have a curfew. I have to be home by eleven on the weekends.”
He blinked at me. “Can’t you just tell them you’re staying at your friend's house?”
I shifted in my seat. “I’m not sure they’d believe me.” My eyes fell to my lap in embarrassment. What kind of seventeen-year-old girl doesn’t have friends?
“Try it,” he encouraged. 
My face twisted. “Rod, I don’t really have any… friends.”
“I thought you told your parents you were with a friend today?” 
I sighed. “I did, but they were shocked. I’ve never hung out with other girls my age. I think a sleepover would sound weird and they’d know something was going on.”
Rods demeanor turned cold as he rested his hands under his chin. “Pick up your phone and ask them.” His tone was tight and made me shrivel. 
Gulping, I reached for my pocket with a shaky hand, finding my phone. My fingers twitched as they tapped the screen. I didn’t want to call.
“Do it,” he said slowly, coaxing me.
“I’m not good at lying,” I whispered.
He sighed heavily while leaning his back against the booth. His stare wasn’t as intense as before. “You really are innocent, aren’t you?”
I blushed. Being the young, naive girl wasn’t something I wanted.
Shaking his head, a smile finally emerged. “Just tell yourself over and over again that you’re going to your friend’s house to spend the night. I’m your friend, right?”
“Yeah, but—”
“But what? It’s not a total lie. Besides, will they really ask questions? They’ll probably be thrilled their darling daughter is making friends.” His smile was sinful and made me turn into complete mush. 
“Okay,” I conceded.
His hand reached across the table to grab the phone from me and set it to the side, then stood to join me in the booth. I wasn’t prepared for his proximity and felt the air leave my chest as he wrapped an arm around me. “Call them after we eat dinner. You’ll be more relaxed.” His free hand found my knee as his lips found the bottom of my ear. “Stop worrying so much. Fabricating a story will take you places in life. The less you say, the more you get away with.”
“Spoken like a true criminal,” I said under my breath, grinning as I believed every statement he murmured my way.



***

“Did you forget I needed the car to go to work today?” Landon barked into the phone. 
“I’m so sorry, but I overslept. What time do you have to be in?” I jumped from the bed, untangling myself from the sheets and a passed out Rod.
“Two hours ago. Don’t worry, I found a ride.” 
I took a breath, sitting back down on the bed. “I didn’t mean to forget. You can have the car the next two weekends.”
“Where are you anyway?” Landon’s voice was skeptical. 
“I’m at Bethany’s house.” I didn’t tell him where I really was because he wouldn’t approve.
“That’s a load of shit, Jamie.” Silence passed over the phone. “Are you being careful?” Landon whispered, his voice laced with concern.
“Of course I am.”
“So you are with that guy!”
I covered the phone, looking toward Rod, worried Landon was loud enough for Rod to hear. “Landon, you stayed over at that Melony girl’s house a few months ago. Don’t treat me differently just because I have boobs.”
“That’s different, no one knows where you are. What if he kidnapped you? Or hurt you? How do you not realize this is dangerous?”
My eyes found Rod as Landon’s words ricochet from my conscious. My hand brushed back his blond locks from his forehead. He was sweet last night, gentle and caring. He whispered I love you over and over, kissing me, touching me with a delicateness he’d never used before. Nothing like what happened at the beach. “He won’t hurt me,” I whispered, wanting to throw the phone to the side and snuggle next to Rod.
“Jamie…” Landon’s tone was scolding. “I get you like him a lot or whatever, but at least tell me where you are, so if something’s wrong I’ll know where to find you, okay?” 

“I’ll text it to you now and we’ll talk when I get home later.”
Landon reluctantly said okay then hung up the phone.
I crawled across the sheets, laying my body down next to Rod’s. My hands begged to touch him, so I gave in, letting them roam his bare chest, collar, neck. The course hairs on his chin and jaw were scratchy, and visions of how they rubbed against parts of my body last night flooded my memory.
“Mmm, move lower,” his deep voice commanded as he was being pulled from his sleep. I grinned, doing his request. My fingertips slid under the blankets, following downward where he was more than happy to be awake and lying next to me.
“Like this,” he hummed, guiding my hand the way he wanted it to move. I giggled but was quickly silenced by Rod cupping the back of my neck, pulling my mouth to his and dipping his tongue inside, showing his gratitude.
Just as I was about to hop on top of him, Rod pulled his head back and held our hands still. “I want to do something different.” He sat up, leaving the bed, then coming back with two long, thin, white pieces of fabric maybe six inches wide.
He sat on the bed, his eyes heavy with lust. “Straddle me.”
Smirking, I found my way to his lap, wrapping my arms around his neck. Just as I was going to lavish him with my mouth, he chuckled, grabbing my wrists and pulling them to his sides. “I love your eagerness. Let’s try something new.” 
His eyes were stormy as he held up the white fabric, then bound my wrists together behind my back. The fabric was silky and smooth, and I suddenly wanted to be covered with it, along with Rod’s tongue.
“Can you move your hands?” I shook my head. “Good.” 
He held the second piece of fabric between us, eyeing it with a smirk, then began wrapping it around my neck, leaving both ends long enough so he could grip them firmly. He tugged at the fabric, causing it to tighten slightly around my neck. 
My body jerked, my arms pulling on the restraint of the fabric, wanting my hands freed so I could grab the silk from my neck. 
Rods’ eyes lit up like wildfire as he saw my reaction to the limitation of my breathing. “You’re going to love this, Jamie. The high you get when your blood pumps slower will have you coming so hard, you won’t know where you are.”
I bit my lip, my body fidgeting in discomfort. Coming so hard? He’d gotten me off with his hand a few times, but never during sex. Although I was slightly curious, this was very new, and not something I was entirely sure I was ready to try, if at all. The thought of not being able to breathe scared me and was even more frightening when I couldn’t move my hands. 
“What if I want you to stop?”
The excitement in Rod’s eyes brought on the same fear that crept into my nerves as when he said he loved me. “You won’t.” A lump was thick in my throat, the smooth, silky feeling that felt nice a few minutes ago no longer brought pleasure, but insecurity. “I’ll start slow, I promise.”
Rod let go of the fabric, reaching for my face to kiss me tenderly. His slow movements cured the tension in my neck, welcoming me to his fantasy. 
Which would soon become my own personal hell…

Chapter Twelve



Flying to Grand Rapids was supposed to be comforting for me, but even with Nathan sitting by my side, trapped next to the window 30,000 feet in the air, Rod haunted me. For all I knew, the freak probably hid cameras throughout the room so he could whack off to me getting undressed. 
Dinner with Becca’s family and the Conklin’s was a helpful distraction, but the note I’d found outside of Nathan’s condo when we left for the airport caused me to panic. I’d shoved it into my purse before Nathan noticed it.
Nathan’s eyes were glassy from the dose of Dramamine he’d polished off before the flight. “You ready to present what you’ve been up to in Miami to the Grand Rapids crew?” he asked without taking his eyes from his iPad.
“As always,” I sighed. “Maybe I can convince someone to come out and give me a hand.”
Nathan snorted. “Gain more clients, and then you can have an assistant. Let’s not go broke now.”
I laughed. “Nathan, you own a multi-million dollar company. You’re not going to go broke over a sixty some thousand dollar salary.”
He glared at me. “Tell Tyler that, then we’ll talk.”
I rolled my eyes. “Speaking of Tyler, is he going to be in Grand Rapids?” I secretly hoped not because I wanted Becca to stay with me. 
“Supposedly he’s staying in Chicago.”
My insides sagged in relief while on the outside I remained passive. 
When we landed, I tried calling Becca to see what she was up to, but she didn’t answer. Nathan generously offered to drop me at my condo before he went to his standard suite at the Amway. 
“You can stay with me tonight if you don’t want to stay at the hotel.”
“Nah, I’m sick of you,” he said evenly, but I noticed his lip twitch. 
“Whatever,” I teased back.
He glanced at me as we drove in silence. “You all right?”
“Mmm-hmm.”
“Why are you so fidgety then?” he asked, nodding his head toward my bouncing leg. 
My legs immediately stopped, then crossed. 
“I’m just sick of sitting,” I lied.
Nathan moved his eyes to the road, then pulled out his phone. “Hi, yes, I need to cancel my reservations under Conklin tonight…No, keep it for tomorrow. Thank you.”
“What, now you miss me?”
Nathan chuckled. “You wish.”
My grin was wide as I looked out the window. He was a terrible liar. Just as I was going to say something smart back to him, my phone buzzed. I jumped, hoping it was Becca. 

Mitch: If you were a burger at McDonalds, you’d be McGorgeous.

Shaking my head, I responded.

I hate McDonalds.

Mitch:  We can go to Burger King so you can have it your way.

I snorted. 

You’re a dork.

Mitch: In my pants.

What?

Mitch: Dork AKA: a blue whale's penis, the largest penis in the world. 

“What’s so funny?” Nathan asked as I attempted to control my giggle.
“Remind me to never call someone a dork again.”



***

The Grand Rapids building moved much faster than what I’d grown accustomed to in Miami. There were always a few people wandering around the tiny building, but here there were multiple floors filled with busy, career-driven employees on a mission. The thought of building an environment like this in Miami thrilled me. Dreams of being in charge of my department had pushed me to succeed back in Florida; a change of pace considering I’d been contemplating falling off the face of the earth to get away from Rod.
“I ordered Louis Benton for dinner,” Nathan said, distracting me from a spreadsheet. 
“Great, I’m famished.” I hadn’t eaten all day.
Nathan grabbed the paper from me and swapped it for a glass of wine. 
“We’ve worked enough. I need to vent about my stupid brother.”
“Which one?” I teased.
Nathan smirked, then sat in a brown leather chair across from his desk, patting the chair next to him for me to come join him.
“They both have their moments, but I was referring to Mitch. Why don’t you think he’s hiding drugs?” 
Oh, not this again. 
“Just because he works on-site  doesn’t mean he knows the ins and outs of the properties enough to hide drugs.”
“I don’t want to think he’d sell us out like that, but fuck, Jamie. I just don’t know what to believe anymore. The way he interacts with Chino makes me nervous. He’s pushing me away.”
But he’s pulling me in. “He doesn’t have marks on his arms.”
Nathan blinked. “I hadn’t thought to look.”
“Not that drug dealers use, but most do.”
“If this drug scheme is as big as I think it is, he could do some major time if he’s caught.”
“You don’t know if he’s hiding drugs, though.”
Nathan held a tumbler of amber liquid to his temple as he thought. “It’d crush my mom if he went to jail.”
My hand found his forearm, caressing it to bring him comfort. “Nathan, I know you think he’s your responsibility, but you can’t control him. He’s what, twenty-five years old? He’s an adult. Your mom would never blame you for the actions of your siblings.”
Nathan sighed, then downed the rest of his drink. 


We spoke lightly through dinner, leaving me to my own thoughts. The day had been wonderful, but now was the time I’d be haunted. I couldn’t help but wonder where Rod was, and if he was going to make an appearance in this foreign city. 
“Come on, let’s go see Becca.” 
I stood from my chair, bringing both mine and Nathan’s empty plate to the trash can. I’d meant to go see her throughout the day, but hadn’t had a free moment. Nathan stood from his seat after filling his third glass. He downed the drink, then grabbed his sport coat to follow me to Becca’s floor. 
I was startled when I noticed the time, realizing how late it really was, and my legs felt tired as we entered the elevator. “Are you staying with me again tonight?” I asked nonchalantly.
Nathan looked toward me. “Depends…You going to make me breakfast in the morning?”
A giggle escaped me as the elevator dinged.
Becca’s floor was a ghost town as we traveled past the lowly lit cubicles toward her office. The light was shining through her windows, and as we got closer, I noticed she wasn’t alone. In fact, the person who was with her was extremely close to her.
“Get. A. Room,” Nathan exaggerated. 
Tyler pulled away from my best friend and laughed. I hadn’t seen him smile so wide in a long time. Becca clung to him, blushing slightly but looking just as enamored as Tyler.
“What are you two doing here so late?” Tyler asked, snuggling Becca.
“We had a meeting. We were discussing Chino.”
Tyler’s face straightened as he held Becca tighter to his body. “Yes, we need to address that situation.”
“I don’t know how to get that asshole out of here. He doesn’t seem to take no for an answer. I think we need to force our lawyer on him,” Nathan sighed, taking a seat in one of the office chairs.
I took the seat next to Nathan. “I say we find his drugs and dump them in a large body of water.”
Nathan shook his head. “That sounds like a sure way to get ourselves killed. That man is a lunatic. I’m shocked he didn’t pull a gun on us last Saturday.” He glared at Tyler.
“What?” Tyler said defensively. “I’m sick of his shit.”
Nathan laughed, then leaned forward in his chair. “Almost? Tyler you punched him in the face.”
Tyler’s cocky grin radiated throughout the room. “Yeah… I got him good didn’t I?”
Nathan rolled his eyes. “Purely unprofessional.”
“That asshole needs more than a swift punch to the face,” Tyler growled.
“I agree, but we need to fight dirty with him. Chino plays mind games. Jamie might be on to something. We find his drugs and use them against him.”
 “How do we plan on doing that?” 
“Why don’t you talk to Mitch? Maybe find out some of Chino’s insights,” Becca suggested. 
Nathan shook his head. “Mitch won’t say anything. I’ve tried every aspect possible.”
“Yeah, the only way into his thick skull is through a woman,” Tyler grumbled.
That’s true. Throw a half-naked woman in front of that man and his head would turn in a heartbeat. I began playing with my nails, annoyed at how much of a Neanderthal he was. 
 “Yeah, too bad we don’t know any single, desirable women who could take advantage of him,” Tyler said slowly. 
That feeling you get when someone is staring at you consumed me, and when I moved my eyes from my nails, I realized the three of them had their eyes planted on me. I eyed each one of them slowly, understanding where their minds were going, but I was so not on the same page as them.
“Oh no… Don’t y’all give me that look,” I said sternly, my Florida accent thickening. “I am NOT going out with that loser.”
“Come on, Jay,” Nathan pleaded, putting his arm on the back of my chair. “I’ll give you a bonus.”
“I don’t want a fucking bonus. I’m not going out with him,” I demanded, stomping my foot childishly.
“Jamie, we could all be in a whole heap of trouble if we don’t figure this out,” Becca said softly, glancing up at Tyler. 
His jaw was doing his nervous tick, and she reached her hand up to calm him. My heart filled for my best friend. I knew she was worried about Tyler, and how they were dealing with these supposed hidden drugs was taking its toll on my best friend’s relationship. She was lucky I cared about her because giving in to Mitch was my worst fear.
“Fine! But I swear to God, if he makes a move on me, I’m kicking him in the nuts.” I’d have to; otherwise, I’d do something worse.
Like give in and fuck him senseless.


Chapter Thirteen



Mitch hadn’t texted me in two days, which was a new record. 
I didn’t want to go out with him but helping my best friend ease her nerves was more important to me. However, there was no way in hell I’d ever call him and ask for a date. I figured the very next day he’d send me some bullshit pick up line text, and I’d play with him, lead him on a bit, see how far he’d go. But nothing came through. Becca had asked me three times if I’d talked to him, but I dodged the subject, changing it to something about the wedding or work. She hadn’t pushed it, but I’m sure she would soon, and so would her fiancé and Nathan. They weren’t patient, especially when they wanted something. 
Hopefully, I’d run into him this morning. I’d flown back to Miami last night because my phone was ringing off the hook while in Grand Rapids, flooding my inbox with calls regarding potential and current Miami clients. It was a wonderful feeling, but flying back to Miami on my own and staying in my condo by myself had my nerves on high alert. My eyes constantly opened whenever I’d hear the smallest sound. Every light was left on in the condo, including a few televisions. I only wished Nathan’s car was parked outside so it looked like I wasn’t here by myself, but Nathan loved his car too much to leave it in a mere carport.
Checking that my concealer covered the bags under my eyes, I headed into my quaint office, glad that Corey would be here for the second portion of the day. 
Making coffee was essential this morning, and probably would be for the rest of my life. Sleepless nights weren’t a new experience, but I’d been fortunate enough to have fallen off Rod’s radar for almost a year, so I remembered what it was like to live a little and forget all that he’d taken from me.
My heart tightened as I recalled the most precious thing he’d stolen from me and my family.
The hairs on the back of my neck stood tall as I heard the door chime open, but settled once I heard who was here. 
“Good morning,” a singing came from the front of the office. 
Taking a deep breath, I filled two cups of coffee. “Morning,” I quietly replied, sipping my drink while taking a seat, setting the other one down toward the edge of my desk. I didn’t want to hand it to him because he didn’t need to automatically think I’d gotten it for him, but I was going to have to play nice in order to help Becca.
Mitch took a seat in one of the leather chairs across from my desk. I was waiting for his smart mouth to say something stupid, but he remained silent, mindlessly sipping the coffee I laid out for him.
“Did you need something?” I asked nonchalantly, opening up my endless list of emails.
He didn’t respond until I looked in his direction. “Just drinking my coffee.” He was slouched in his chair, eyes heavy in thought like he hadn’t slept either. 
“I had a late night,” he finally admitted, taking another sip. “Tony has the week off to go on vacation with his soon to be fiancé.” He sighed heavily. “Makes my job duties double, and not in a good way.”
I knew exactly how he felt. I was swamped without an assistant. Nathan obviously helped with the bigger clients like Kobiashi, but there were quite a few smaller ones who were taking a toll on me, making my forty hour week turn into a fifty or sixty hour week.
“I shouldn’t complain. I should be able to handle this on my own.” His voice was soft, but his features tightened.
“No, it’s hard not having an assistant when you’re busy. I feel the same way.”
Mitch’s lip quirked. “Why don’t you bug your boss for an assistant? I’m sure he’d be happy to please you.”
“He’s too cheap, insisting I can handle it on my own.” My ego enjoyed the fact that I was managing my clients rather well, but after a while one can only spread themselves so thin.
“He brags about you,” Mitch said, the undertone of annoyance in his voice was apparent.
“And that’s a bad thing?” 
Mitch rolled his eyes and sat up straight in his seat. “No, it’s not. Do you always get so defensive?”
I sat back in my chair, baffled by his statement. “I’m not getting defensive.”
“Then why’d your voice change?” he challenged, crossing his leg over his knee.
I sighed irritably, my eyes finding my computer screen again. I had to reign in my temper. Conceding to his typical approaches was something I needed to do willingly. Not that a half-assed yes, wouldn’t suffice him.
“I’m sorry,” he apologized, standing to leave. “I’m off. I probably won’t be around much the rest of this week and the following.” 
My eyes furrowed as I watched him bring his coffee mug to the kitchen.
“Where are you going?” I asked as non-interested as I could. 
“I just told you, my assistant’s out of town.”
“Oh, right,” I joked, even though I really was disappointed.
 “Don’t sound so disappointed.” Mitch laughed as he took two steps back from the kitchen.
“I’m not,” I said quickly. Shit, that wasn’t supposed to sound so bitchy. “I mean, sometimes it’s nice having a construction guy around to answer questions for clients.”
Mitch raised a brow at me. I think I’d maybe asked him three questions total, two of them being smart ass remarks rather than actual questions.
“You know what I mean,” I mumbled, using one hand to fidget with my hair while staring down at the other picking at my nails. 
When I looked up, Mitch was in front of me, his dimples smiling down at me, green eyes sparkling. “I’ll miss you too, Jay.”
He left before I could say a snide comment.



***

I’d received six texts from Becca, four calls from Nathan, and five texts and three calls from Tyler in the last week. They were driving me nuts, and I was running out of excuses to tell them. Surely Nathan knew both Mitch and I were busy; how could he expect us to just agree on a date?
But the shocking part was that Mitch hadn’t even texted me. I knew it had only been a week, and he was on his own at the construction sites, but it was unusual for him. Maybe he was no longer interested? 
“Probably for the better,” I sighed out loud as I sat on the couch. Rod was dangerous to anyone who showed interest in me, no matter what their connection might be. 
It was close to 10 pm, and I was exhausted. Sleep was still minimal, and I craved being able to close my eyes without worrying if Rod would creep into my room and tie me to my bed—or worse. Even with pepper spray and random sharp objects hidden all over the condo, I still didn’t feel safe. 
My eyes began to drift as the TV played on the screen, but a loud buzz from the end table startled me awake. I reached for my phone instinctively.

Mitch: I think I should tell you what people are saying behind your back…

My brows furrowed. Who would talk shit about me to Mitch?

Huh?

Mitch: Nice Ass.

I snorted, feeling silly for not catching that it was one of his stupid pickup lines. 

Hmm, I thought it was just your brother who said that…

Mitch:  Sorry, sweetie, only me. Your butt’s not big enough for Tyler’s taste. He likes them Sir Mix A lot style.

I laughed louder. That was the truth. Becca had a perfectly round and curvy ass, and I was super jealous of her. Tyler almost always had his hand near her ass, and his eyes definitely kept close watch of it, too.

I was talking about Nathan, not Tyler!

Mitch: Nathan’s not an ass guy.

Well, he’s definitely not a boob guy, either.

Mitch: Touche’. Good thing I enjoy both of your assets.

I couldn’t hide the smile that escaped my lips. Normally I’d piss and moan at him, but for whatever reason, tonight I felt like I needed the compliment.

What makes mine so nice?

Mitch:  I get rock hard when I see you. Is that a good enough explanation?

I shook my head, although my grin was still there.

Haven’t seen me a whole lot lately.

I casted my reel now, hoping he’d take the bait so I could help out my best friend.

Mitch:  I have in my dreams.

Dreams are fragments of reality.

Mitch:  Oh, mine are vivid, baby.

So were mine, and I was getting tingly thinking about them and the dangerous possibility of them turning into a reality.

Still not the same as in real life.

Mitch:  Are you about to say you miss me?

Was he serious? Of course I didn’t! But I didn’t know what to type back because maybe, in the deepest part of my incoherent and bad judgment, I did miss him.

No.

He didn’t respond for ten minutes, and I was biting my nails in anticipation. I had him hooked, but was failing miserably at reeling him in to keep.

Corey’s been gone a lot, the office has been quiet.

So that was lame, but maybe he’d keep talking to me. Finally, five minutes later, he responded.

Mitch:  So you do miss me…

Boy, was he making a meal out of this.

You have a big mouth and a huge ego, so it’s obvious when you’re not around.

I nodded, satisfied with my answer.

Mitch: How about you say that to my face?

It’s almost 11:00 at night. I’m in bed.

Mitch: Wow, I was thinking a date, but hey, I could always come your way now.

And secretly, I wanted him to. If anything to keep me company in this lonely condo in my terrified state of mind, but I had too big of an ego to let him know I wanted to spend time with him. 

I’d prefer option one.

Mitch: Really?

I think you can read between the lines.

Mitch:  Well, shoot. This went in a different direction than normal. Too bad I’m in Grand Rapids this weekend.

Swallowing my pride, I reluctantly replied:

I’ll be there too.


Chapter Fourteen



Controlling the random flutters in my stomach throughout the flight to Grand Rapids from Miami was anything but distracting. Normally I flew easily, not needing any type of drug to relax me, but today was different. I had lied to Mitch, telling him I had meetings to attend to in Grand Rapids, but Nathan wasn’t with me, and I was purely flying back to help Becca, Tyler, and Nathan get information from Mitch. And, of course, Rod had left another letter on my doorstep. I didn’t have the strength to open it, so I tucked it in my purse for another time. My heart couldn’t take any more anxiety.
For the life of me, I couldn’t figure out what to pack for the evening. Everything was boring or plain, or I’d worn it one too many times, making me feel less than attractive wearing it. When Becca picked me up from the airport and saw that I was wearing jeans and a simple T-shirt, she eyed me skeptically, her eyebrows crinkling. 
“You feeling all right?”
 “Yes,” I said easily as I threw my bag in the backseat. “Why?”
Her face smoothed as she shrugged. She looked adorable in her cream shift dress and nude heels. “You don’t normally dress down for a flight, that’s all, and you hardly ever wear your hair up. I just wanted to make sure you were feeling okay.”
I threw my head back against the seat. “I know, I’m a hot mess. Maybe I’m feeling a little out of sorts. I sure hope I’ve got something cute in my closet here because nothing seemed appealing in Miami.”
Becca pulled out of the airport pick-up and onto M-37 toward downtown, Grand Rapids. “It’ll be fun getting you ready for your hot date.”
“It’s not a real date,” I groaned.
“I know. This really means a lot to Tyler, and to me. Thank you,” she said gratefully. Even though I couldn’t see her eyes, I knew she was worried.
“How’s Tyler been?”
A small smile broke through. “Better. He’s been showing more interest, making a point to call, and tell me he misses and loves me. I’m excited to see him tonight. It’s been a week,” she sighed.
 “Oh, does that mean you two are staying at your place in Grand Haven tonight?” I asked casually, secretly hoping she’d say no and that she was planning on waiting up for me to come home from being out with Mitch.
Becca laughed. “Like Tyler’s going to let you off the hook that easily. He’s just as eager to see what you can get out of Mitch as Nathan. I’m surprised Nathan isn’t rushing his way to Grand Rapids to wait up for you.”
Picturing Nathan pacing by the door like an anxious father made me giggle. “Kobiashi has his press conference Monday and wants Nathan to help PR with the announcement of building the amusement park.”
“The what?” Becca gasped.
Oops. “Well, I didn’t tell you, but Kobiashi signed with Conklin to build an amusement park in Miami. Crazy, isn’t it?”
Becca covered her mouth and shrieked with excitement. “Oh my goodness, that’s so amazing! I bet Nathan’s been on cloud nine.”
“You have no idea.”  
From what I knew, Kobiashi had a very aggressive goal, and Nathan was one to please. With Mitch and Tony working on-site, I was sure it would get done in time. My confidence in Mitch and his assistant surprised me. I’d become more fond of him as a co-worker and respected his professionalism. I’d even had the clients he’d been working with drop me a few emails saying how much they adored him and how great he was to work with.
Pulling into the Condo’s at Riverhouse felt soothing. Being back here, with Becca by my side, felt right. It was comforting and a feeling I’d desired the past few months since Rod had worked his way back into my life.
Becca grinned as we walked toward the elevator. “Feel good to be back?” 
I glanced at her, loving how she could read me so well. It was like we were sisters and it made me long for my family, especially my brother. 
“I want to come back here, eventually. Well, as soon as Nathan lets me,” I joked.
“Good luck with that.” The doors to the elevator opened as we both continued laughing our way down the hall and to our home. 
As if Becca’s grin couldn’t get any wider, it brightened like the lights in Chicago. “Ty! I didn’t know you’d be back this early.”
Tyler was standing in the kitchen, the Conklin grin on his face as Becca made her way to him. He held her tight while kissing her forehead, his eyes closing as though he were in heaven.
“Figures you’d be here early to give me hell,” I grumbled, walking past their display of affection. “I’m gonna go throw-up now.”
Finding my room, I tossed my bag on the neatly kept bed. A housekeeper maintained the beauty of the elite condo from every high ceiling to each expensive piece of decorative furniture. Becca’s family gifted this place to us and told me I was welcome to stay as long as I liked. They were too kind, and I didn’t deserve it.
“Thanks for doing this,” Becca said, interrupting my thoughts. And there it was, the soft sparkle in her eyes, showing her kindness and how she was always looking out for everyone else. I had to pull it together, push my hormones and pride aside, and help Becca get her fiancé and our company out of the trouble they thought they were in, even if I knew it was a load of crap. 
Plopping down on my bed, I threw my arms up in surrender. “Make me irresistible.”




***

Becca pulled out the tightest dress she could find in my closet, cursing me for being so small. The cream color made my tan look perfect, and my hair was curled, brushing down my cleavage. I was sure to get whatever I wanted out of Mitch tonight.
Becca studied me as she fussed with my hair. “You should use the red lipstick.”
“Planning on it.” Puckering my lips, I applied the rich color, dabbing it with the napkin she handed me.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were excited for tonight.”
I brushed her off, ignoring the small flutters that were rising in my belly. “What? For a date with a man who acts like a frat boy?” She couldn’t contain her smile, and I scoffed at her reaction. “Don’t look at me like that. I don’t like him.”
“Never said you did. Wear the red Jimmy Choos.”
I nodded in agreement, sliding them on and enjoying the extra height they gave me. I didn’t mind being taller, it gave me the sense of dominance. 
“How do I look?”
“Like a minx.”
I gave her a wink along with a superficial smile as I passed by her to head into the kitchen. 
Tyler did a double take when he saw me coming, but I smiled inwardly when I realized he was gazing at Becca. She’d jumped out of her work clothes into gym shorts and a T-shirt, throwing her hair up and scrubbing her face clean, but Tyler still looked at her like he’d never get enough. 
When his eyes finally peeled off of Becca’s body, he looked to me. 
“You look like Mitch won’t be able to keep his hands off you.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “I meant what I said. If he touches me, he won’t ever be able to have children.”
Becca laughed. “Maybe we should put a cardigan on you and dress pants.”
That wouldn’t work. Besides, a part of me really loved making him want me. “No, because a girl only gets what she wants if she looks the part. How else am I supposed to tempt him into telling me what I want to know if I don’t seduce him a little?”
“Jamie, I think you are underestimating your ability to control my little brother. There isn’t that much going on up there,” Tyler smiled, pointing a finger to his head.
I let out a growl and stomped into the kitchen. Maybe I needed a quick shot to get me through this.
The buzzer from the front desk rang, letting us know my time to test my ability to keep Mitch at arm’s length while getting what I wanted had arrived.
“Okay, put on your game face. What do you have to do?” Tyler asked in the short amount of time it would take Mitch to get to our floor.
Did he think I was an idiot? “Try and get Mitch to spill about the drugs. Find out if he’s working with anyone on the side and where and how many properties.”
He nodded, wrapping an arm around Becca’s waist.
She glanced up at him affectionately, then walked eagerly toward the door to greet Mitch when he knocked.
Resisting my urges to jump him might be hard tonight. He looked delicious in faded, tight designer jeans and a button-up shirt that showed off his bulging muscles. His sandy hair was neatly trimmed, and the green of his eyes was anything but dull.
“Hey, Becca,” he greeted, giving her a big bear hug. Tyler cleared his throat and gave him a death glare. He got extremely jealous when any male gave Becca attention. Mitch was obviously doing it just to piss off his brother, the similar game I played whenever Nathan was conveniently around.
“Surprised to see you here, Tyler. This isn’t a double date, is it?” Mitch asked, looking between us all.
I walked around the island counter, my heels clicking loudly. “Nope, just you and me.” My lips popped, trying to hold back my annoyance for his attractiveness. Why did he look so damn good when he was dressed down?
Mitch’s eyes grew wide as they landed on me. Pure lust filled them. The tingle between my legs needed to calm down because I wasn’t going to give in to it tonight, no matter how badly my body wanted him.
“You look amazing,” Mitch breathed.
“Thank you. What’d you have planned?” I asked, batting my eyelashes in full-on flirt mode. 
Mitch licked his lips, proving I’d be able to get anything I wanted from him tonight. “Let me tell you on the way out,” he flirted back. He held the door, checking me out as I walked by, and my ego lifted, knowing he loved what he saw.
 “Have fun! Be good to my best friend,” Becca called after us. 
“You trying to kill me tonight?” Mitch said gruffly as the elevator doors closed.
“You’d already be dead if that were the case.”
He laughed under his breath. “You’ve always got something smart to say, don’t you?”
There was no need to argue with that statement, so I simply shrugged while pulling my sunglasses from my purse. “So, what do you have planned for the evening?”
Mitch took one large stride so he was standing in front of me and pulled my sunglasses from my face, his emerald eyes holding my stare. “There are two rules tonight. No walls and no excuses.” His eyes provoked me to argue with him, but I didn’t make a sound. “Okay?” he asked slowly, making sure I understood he was serious.
I nodded, my words lost in his eyes. Then he smiled. My heart thumped harder when his dimples made an appearance. “I want to get to know the real you tonight, Jamie.” 
I gulped, my voice still paralyzed.
The elevator binged, and Mitch nodded to follow him. “I thought we’d walk around the city for a bit. It’s a beautiful night, and ArtPrize just started.”
ArtPrize was very new to me, but I couldn’t wait to explore the city because of it. Artists from around the world travel to compete against each other, and the city was posted with all forms of art.

“Whoa!” I jumped as I nearly ran into a horse standing outside of our condo complex. He was attached to a buggy, and a man with a tall hat held his reins. He waved at Mitch.
“Hey! Sorry we’re late,” Mitch greeted the gentleman. He returned Mitch’s greeting with a warm smile as he jumped from his seat. 
“Don’t worry about it. Where can I take you two tonight?” The gentleman took off his hat, bowing toward my direction and reaching for my hand.
“Um, what?” I asked.
Mitch turned in my direction. “This is our mode of transportation.” 
Looking at the giant horse made my eye twitch. Those things were huge, and shouldn’t be trusted. 
“Come on, don’t be such a baby,” Mitch teased as he hopped into the carriage. He held his hand out to me. “Trust me, it’ll be fine,” he encouraged. 
Reluctantly, I took his hand, and he pulled me upward in one swift movement, right to his chest. He cocked his head, slight grin in place. 
“That was shockingly easy.”
“What was?” I asked, my eyes never leaving his broad shoulders. 
“Pulling you into the carriage. I thought for sure you’d give me shit about doing it yourself like you did with my truck.”
“I gave you shit because you wanted to grab my ass and push me in your truck.”
“Hmm, I might have to do that later tonight.”
I shoved him, pulling my hand from his grip and taking a seat. He only chuckled, then found the seat next to me.
“Can you take the long way to the Grand Rapids Art Museum?” Mitch asked the coachman. 
The coachman nodded, clicking his tongue and moving his reins. The horse moved forward, causing the carriage to jerk. I wasn’t expecting the movement, so I gripped the seat, but caught Mitch’s knee instead. 
“Sorry,” I mumbled, moving my hand to my own knee as quickly as I could.
Mitch chuckled. “No problem, just grab higher next time, okay?”
My elbow found his rib, causing an oomph to escape his lips. My lips quivered as I tried not to smile, but I couldn’t help it. Putting Mitch in his place made me happy.



Sculptures of men in different poses lined the entry toward the three flights of stairs to the entrance of the Art Museum. Mitch climbed out first, then reached for my hand to help me out. I was impressed he remembered; maybe a gentleman was inside of him somewhere. Or maybe I was too big of a bitch to notice before.
“I’ll be honest, I’ve never stepped foot in an art museum,” I admitted while we walked the stairs. 
Mitch gave me a surprised look. “Really? So I’m popping your cherry?” The flirtatious grin made me let out a deep breath of annoyance. 
“I hate to break it to you, but my cherry was popped a long time ago.”
“I’m sure it’s still just as sweet,” he murmured, opening the door for me. 
My eyebrows rose in challenge. “Guess you’ll never know.”
His eyes grew wide as I entered past him. Ha! He could chew on that for a while.
The museum wasn’t as big as I’d thought it would be, but the artwork was stunning. They even had a lighting display with lasers pointing in different directions to create an image on the ceiling. Mitch stared at each piece, studying them intently and looking at them as though they each had their own soul and were trying to tell him a story. 
“What do you think of this one?” Mitch asked quietly as we stood in front of a black and white charcoal drawing that was nearly as tall as two of us put together.
My eyes searched the picture, trying to describe what I saw. “Well, they’re animals.”
Mitch kept looking at the picture, then turned to face me. “That’s it? You only see animals?”
I turned my head back to the artwork, not sure how else to describe what I saw. Mitch sighed, taking a step closer to the picture. “They’re all partnered up, close together as if they’re running from something. The outside world around them is dark, dreary, dangerous… but they aren’t that way. They’re happy they have each other. That’s all they need.”
I blinked at him. His answer stunned me. Who was this man? 
His frown was still in place. “What?” 
“Nothing.”
We traveled to more pieces, but my eyes stayed on Mitch until we came to a set of striking photos. They were breathtaking. Black and white stills of a couple, slowly fading and becoming darker as pain contorted her face and the man became more dominant. The last picture almost brought me to my knees. He was overpowering the woman, his hands around her neck while she stared helplessly into the sky. 
Wetness threatened my eyes. Her helplessness was a reality for me at one point, and I still felt like I was suffocating even though no hands were on me. But they were… Rod had me trapped in fear, no matter how hard I fought it on the outside. 
Mitch looked at me intently, as though he could sense something was wrong. My shoulders fell as I dabbed my eyes and looked toward another set of photos. 
“Hungry? Want to go grab something?”
His hand brushed my forearm, and I pulled it away from him, bringing my fingers to my chest, slowly traveling up my neck and massaging gently to bring me back to the now. I wasn’t hungry, but I needed a change of scenery. I nodded, then led the way to the exit. 
Mitch never said a word about my reaction to the photos. Maybe he hadn’t noticed? But I knew he had. I was beginning to realize he was more complex than I’d given him credit for.
When we walked outside, the air was still thick, and no carriage was in sight. “I thought we’d walk and get something from the food trucks, then find a spot at Rosa Parks Circle to sit and eat?”
“Sure.” My answer was quick because my head was still elsewhere.
“Sure? Wow… you’re really compliant today. My requests may get more up close and personal by the end of the night.” He smirked, wiggling his eyebrows. 
I shook my head, realizing he was trying to get a rise out of me, but instead of getting furious with him, I laughed quietly. He was a funny guy when I wasn’t pissed off at him.
“Anything but Mexican.” 
“Can’t hold your beans, huh?” I snorted, shocked he went there. “Woman always say it’s men who are the gross ones.” He shook his head in disapproval but kept a smile on his face. “How about a good old fashioned hot dog?”
 “Sounds right up my alley.”
“All right, but no chili sauce for you,” he teased again.



***

We strolled through Ah-Nab-Awen Park along the Grand River, stopping to sit down in front of the giant button sculpture close to my condo. The evening was, to my surprise, going okay, except I hadn’t done any snooping or flirting. It was moving along like a normal date, and the fact that I was enjoying spending time with Mitch in this environment scared me.
“So tell me about Jamie Rae,” Mitch said out of the blue. He was sitting with his forearms draped across his knees, relaxed and at ease.
“Not a whole lot to know.”
“I don’t buy that for a second. Where are you from?”
I bit my lip as I looked out at the river, unsure how much of me I was willing to share. I’d always been good at deflecting questions, though. Besides, playing twenty questions might help me find answers for Becca about the supposed drug scheme in the Conklin buildings.
“Well, I was born in a small town in Florida.”
“What small town?”
“Point Canal. I graduated school, went to Florida State where I met Becca, and here I am.” That was the only normal part of my life, the part I was willing to share. It usually satisfied the people asking questions.
“Okay… small town. What about your family? Are they in that small town?”
I nodded, not saying anything else. He shook his head in disapproval. 
“I thought I said no walls?”
Pausing for a moment, I continued. “My parents live there. My mother sells catalog jewelry when she isn’t being summoned by my siblings. My father works in a factory. I have a big family, and we’re spaced pretty far apart. My sister is in high school—she’s nine years younger than me.”
“Do you talk to her a lot?”
“She calls me, yes. She’s very dramatic. She’s a cheerleader, popular, and boy obsessed. I wish I could be there to help my mom tame her some, but she’s a good girl.” 
“And your other siblings?”
“The rest are brothers. Trevor is twelve. Very relaxed, he’s more like me. Then there are the twins, they’re seven. They run circles around my parents.” I laughed, picturing a typical night in the Rae household.
“Wow, that’s a lot of kids. You know I’m the baby, so I don’t know what it’s like to be the oldest.”
Landon was the oldest, but I didn’t feel like sharing my closest sibling relationship with Mitch. It was too personal, and my emotions flew all over the place whenever I talked about Landon. “I don’t know what it’s like being the youngest.”
“What else? Movies? Music? Animals? I know you can’t handle your Mexican…”
I laughed out loud, smacking the side of his thigh. “I just don’t like Mexican. I never said I couldn’t handle it.”
I continued to talk, opening up to him as the sun began to set. He seemed genuinely interested in what I was saying, commenting when he could, but he mainly listened. 
Mitch noticed the lamp posts flickering then stood. “Come on, there’s one more place I want to take you tonight.” He held out his hand. After a beat, I took it, but he didn’t let go this time. Instead, he laced our fingers together, leading me in the opposite way of the condo.
Once we reached the other end of the park, the same coachman and the horse that took us to the art museum earlier greeted us. He hopped down, opening the carriage door.
“Want to go first?” Mitch flirted. I gave him my famous glare while crossing my arms. Chuckling, he climbed in, then helped me up. 
“Just thought I’d ask.”
When we sat down, he was closer to me, our sides touching one another with his arm resting behind me on the seat. Leaning into him happened automatically, and I fought the feelings that were telling me to push him away.
The coachman stopped in front of a tall apartment building that was under renovation. I saw the Conklin logo, figuring it was one of our latest remodels. A frown escaped me, wondering if Mitch was hiding drugs in this very building.
“Thanks, we’re good now. Have a great night,” Mitch said, paying the coachman and waving goodbye once we were out of the carriage. He took my hand again, leading me to the building entrance. It was dark outside, only the street lamps guiding us. 
“This isn’t the part where you chop me up into little pieces, is it?”
“Nah, I figured I’d slip something in your drink so I could take advantage of you.”
“That does seem to be more your style,” I hummed. We gave each other knowing grins. It was fun to joke with him like this.
He took me into an elevator shaft that I thought wouldn’t work, but to my surprise it did. The walls weren’t completely built around it, and a caged-fencing kept us in. It was strange to see all the different floors as we ascended with only the street lamps showing the shadows as we passed by.
“How tall is this building?”
“Thirty-three floors. It’s going to be a new condo unit. I’m keeping the top condo for myself though. I don’t have a place here—only Chicago and Miami.” We finally stopped at the top floor. “I wanted to show you the view.”
I held Mitch’s arm as we stepped out of the elevator. His eyes searched the dark as he held up the light on his phone to find a power cord. Switching it on, florescent lights slowly flickered, exposing a wide open space with tall ceilings to hold three floors.
“This is … spacious.”
“I know, and I’ll get to design it on my own. I’ve never had that before. I’ve always lived in a previously built home. Sure, I’ve had decorators and all that crap, but never actually made the space mine.” 
“That’s great, Mitch.” 
Seeing his eyes light up reminded me of having dreams. I had dreams but focused on smaller ones such as school and my career. I gave up on bigger ones a long time ago.
 “I’d been working on this building until Nathan and Tyler forced me to go to Miami.” Mitch’s face fell, and I instantly felt his pain. Being told what to do sucked.
“Come on,” he encouraged, taking my wrist and leading me to a half-finished staircase. 
“You sure this is safe to walk on?” I asked timidly, mildly fighting his pull.
“Do you think I’d let you walk up it if I didn’t think so?” he scoffed. 
When he opened the door, I gasped. You could see the entire city, including the smaller suburb lights from further out. You could even see Lake Michigan. 
“This is beautiful,” I murmured, walking closer to the edge, but stopping when I realized complete railings hadn’t been put in yet. 
“Yeah, watch your step,” Mitch said, yanking my arm back so I was next to him. “I love this view. It’s smaller than Chicago and Miami, but big enough to hold its own beauty.” 
He took a seat, bringing me down with him so we were lying on the ground, the pea gravel crinkling as we made ourselves comfortable. My breath caught at the amount of stars I could see. 
“This is the second best part. You can’t see the stars very well in Miami unless you look out toward the water, and you certainly can’t see them in Chicago. See over there?” Mitch pointed his finger to the sky. “There’s Orion, and over there are Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.”
“Ursa what?”
Mitch turned to look at me, smiling broadly. “The big and little dipper. Most people don’t know their real names.” He winked. “Do you know their story?”
I shook my head, moving so I was laying on my side, facing him with my arms cradling my head.
“Ursa Major, the big dipper, is named after Callisto, one of Zeus’ lovers. She had his child, which pissed off another Greek goddess, Hera. Hera turned Callisto into a bear because of it.”
“That’s a bitchy thing to do.”
Mitch grinned. “Maybe if Hera wasn’t married to Zeus.” My eyes widened. “Zeus and Callisto’s son, Arcas, saw Callisto in the woods one day, and tried to spear her. So Zeus changed Arcas into a bear, Ursa Minor—”
“The little dipper,” I said before he could make some smart remark like I hadn’t been paying attention.
“Yes, and placed them both in the sky.”
“Bet that made his wife happy—mistress and love child out of the picture.” 
Mitch shook his head while laughing. He began pointing out more constellations, and I was fascinated by his knowledge of what lay among the stars. 
“My favorite is the Milky Way though,” he smirked, turning to his side so we were facing each other.
“Why’s that?”
Mitch licked his lips, and I could only imagine what story was going to come from his mouth. “The Milky Way came from Rhea, Cronus’ wife. Cronus was crazy. Right before he killed his father for the Greek throne, he was warned one of his children would overpower him.”
“Sounds like karma,” I chided.
“Well, he decided to swallow all of his children, except one. Zeus. Rhea hid Zeus, then wrapped a rock in a blanket to fool Cronus. Before Cronus swallowed the rock, Cronus wanted Rhea to nurse the baby one last time. He pushed the rock to her tit and POOF—milk shot everywhere. Hence, the Milky Way.”
“No way!” I laughed, sitting up.
Mitch shrugged, sitting up with me. “It’s true in Greek Mythology.”
“And what would a scientist say?”
“Scientists are boring,” Mitch scoffed. We both laughed again, then stared quietly out at the city. It had to be well past midnight. We’d been gazing at the stars for a while, but I wasn’t ready for the night to be over. I could sit out here in the slight breeze, listening to Mitch and his love of other worlds, even if I thought they were a bunch of stories.
 “This gravel isn’t very comfortable,” I winced, wishing we had something softer to sit on. 
“Here.” Mitch began unbuttoning his shirt, peeling it from his arms to hand to me. “It’s not that thick, but it’ll help. And it’s getting colder.” I took the shirt gratefully, sliding it on, enjoying smelling his woodsy scent as I curled myself into it more. He lay back down, wearing only his white undershirt, a look I was used to seeing on a daily basis in Miami. It formed his well-built upper body. His one bicep bulged as he put it under his head, and the other flexed as he reached for me, guiding me down to lay on his chest. I stiffened at first, but let him lead me, shutting my eyes as my head met his broad chest. 
Mitch gently ran a hand through my hair as he gazed up at the sky. “Tell me more about you,” he whispered.
“There’s not that much more to say. My life isn’t that interesting.”
I heard him laugh under his breath. “You’re the most fascinating woman I’ve ever met.”
“Maybe,” I playfully agreed. 
He laughed again. “Tell me about your reckless years.” 
“Who said they’re over?”
“You’re such a smart ass.”
I insinuated being offended, but he knew me better than that. “Tell me about yours.”
“Well, I’d say they ended when my dad died.” Mitch’s hand stilled in my hair, his chest expanding as he took a deep breath. 
“Losing someone you’re close to sucks,” I murmured, huddling my arms to my chest, feeling the deep hole in my heart that had never been filled.
“It hit me harder than I ever thought. Losing my parents had always crossed my mind, but you don’t expect it to feel the way it does. There were so many things I wish I could have said to him.”
“Or wish you wouldn’t have said.” I gulped, my words barely a whisper.
Mitch rolled to his side, causing me to move as well. He was leaning on his elbow now, deep in thought. “Yeah, I remember saying some really stupid shit to him before he died. He’d always applauded me for being… promiscuous.” He turned his head, a slight hint of shame coming from his face. “Then, for whatever reason, he wanted me to change my playboy ways and settle down like Tyler. I laughed it off, but he got really angry with me for not taking his advice seriously, and I got angry back.” 
I sat up, pulling my knees to my chest, feeling that familiar tightening that would form whenever my pent up emotions began to show.
“I just wish he knew I actually heard his advice and took it to heart, just not right away.”
Words escaped me as my own demons were rising inside of me, remembering what Rod stole from my life.
“Who’d you lose?”
“What?” I turned to Mitch, startled by his question.
“You said losing someone you’re close to sucks. Have you lost someone?” His eyes were sincere, patiently waiting for me to open up to him. 
Shaking my head was the only answer I was willing to give him. “I was only saying it figuratively.” I needed to change the subject. While he was baring his heart, maybe he’d be honest with me about my real reason for saying yes to this date.
“Mitch, I have to ask you something.” He listened, and I decided giving it to him straight was the best way. “Are you hiding drugs?”
His eyes searched my face then his head dipped low. “That’s why you said yes to coming tonight, isn’t it?” 
I couldn’t lie to him, but only gave him an apologetic look. He sighed deeply. “No. I tried to hide drugs, but I was horrible at it. Eventually Chino got fed up because I could never tell the stupid bricks apart and couldn’t remember where I hid them.”
As terrible as it was, I let out a giggle, and he shockingly chuckled with me. “My conscious did get the best of me though, so I bailed. Got a nice shiner from it, too.”
“Better that than a bullet hole,” I teased, although the possibility of that happening was probably high if this crowd were as dangerous as Nathan and Tyler thought. 
“Chino still calls me from time to time, asking me if I want in, but I decline. I know my dad wouldn’t want that. Every time I try to talk to my brothers about it, they never believe me, so I get frustrated, and play along. It’s dumb, I know.”
“They only care about you.”
“Yeah, they just have a weird way of showing it.”
I laughed. “Well, we are talking about Nathan.” 
Mitch smiled, his eyes finding the stars again. “Are you into him?”
“Who?”
Mitch gave me a patronizing look. “Nathan.” 
“Honestly, I was before I knew he was gay, and maybe a little after that, but not now. I care about him, but like a brother, not a lover.”
Mitch nodded, and visibly relaxed. I knew it got to him whenever Nathan and I were close, and I’d used it as a weapon against him a few times. The immaturity of it was embarrassing now that I looked back at my wrong doings. “Why would it bother you if I were interested?” 
Mitch slowly moved his hand to my forearm, delicately tracing the pattern of the fabric to my shoulder. The kind gesture was soothing, making me want to melt into his hand by the time it reached my earlobe. My hair blew in the wind, revealing the side of my face to him. His thumb gently rubbed along my ear, while his other fingers massaged the back of my neck. I couldn’t contain the content sigh that escaped me, enjoying the cherished feeling his touch was bringing me. 
“Because I am very interested in you, Jamie.” 
My eyes fluttered open, meeting the intensity of his gaze. “You don’t want me,” I whispered, my words biting into my own skin, reminding me just how hard my heart had become. My past screwed me up, afraid of what might happen if I got close to someone.
He pushed up on his other arm so he could look closer into my eyes. “Let me be the judge of that.”
Looking into his eyes felt too intimate. He was baring everything to me tonight, and my walls were crashing down, shattering beyond my control. I turned my head into his hand, wanting his touch. He moved his thumb from my ear to my jaw, grazing to my chin. The touch I’d craved turned into a slow burn and I gulped, my skin prickling with every slow inch his hand moved. His fingers brushed my cheek, cautiously making their way to the top of my throat. My breath held as the pads of his fingers gently slid down the front of my neck. 
Before they reached my collar, I batted his hand away, moving my hair to cover the exposed area while dipping my head into my knees. The feel of his calloused hand as it traveled down my neck brought back my demons, reminding me how much being naïve and weak destroyed my life.
The pea gravel underneath us rustled as Mitch stood, wiping the gravel from his pants. “I think there are a few blankets downstairs.”
I wanted to tell him not to bother, that it was time for me to go home, but I was too shaken and mentally lost in my past. I wanted to lock myself away in a tower where Rod could never infiltrate my head. 
I barely registered when he returned with a few heavy blankets and pillows. He laid them down on the pea gravel, doubling them to make a softer place to sit. I couldn’t move though, my arms firmly wrapped around my knees.
“That’s better,” Mitch said, letting out a content groan. 
Biting my lip uncomfortably, I glanced back in his direction. He was leaning back on a pillow, his hands behind his neck, legs crossed over one another. His body language was calm and relaxed. Everything I wasn’t. He didn’t press for me to come join him, but began telling me more stories about the stars. It took a few Greek gods before I finally craned my neck toward the sky to see where he was pointing.
“Jamie, it’d be easier if you were lying down next to me so you could follow my hand.”
Waiting a moment, I finally crawled toward him, resting my head on the other pillow. 
“Convenient that you have bedding at an unfinished condo,” I murmured as the softness of the blankets and pillow eased my discomfort.
“I spend the night on-site a lot, and it can be two or three in the morning before I’m finished. It’s easier to blow up an air mattress and pass out. I swear Tony always thinks I’ve been drinking and passed out.” He chuckled as he turned to look at me. “Do you think I normally coax women to rooftops to have my way with them?”
I hadn’t thought of it before, but I wouldn’t be surprised. He was a womanizer. My stomach sank, wondering if he’d hoped that for me tonight. If I were being honest with myself, earlier I’d secretly hoped it would take that direction. But not now. My scars felt like they’d been scratched raw, and they’d barely come to the surface.
Mitch reached for my hand, lacing it with his and holding it over his heart. “I left them downstairs for a reason. I didn’t want you to think I’d planned on seducing you with candles and stars.”
My voice was scratchy. “I believe you.”
Mitch slid his arm under my pillow, curling it around my shoulders and pulling me to his side. I rested my head on his shoulder and soon molded into him. My body leaned into his side instinctively as his large hand ran from my shoulder to my back. He hummed in contentment when my body went tranquil, his chin resting protectively against my forehead. 
The wind blew gently, covering our silence under the perfectly lit stars. We were surrounded by beauty, but both painted with our own scars. Mitch showed me his insecurities along with a new side to himself; a side that showed he wasn’t just a cocky asshole looking to get laid. Guilt filled me momentarily as I realized I’d never really let my guard down as he asked. But I was selfishly here, enjoying being tucked to his side among the stars, my body feeling safer than it had ever felt before.


Chapter Fifteen



Jamie Past, Age 17.

“I can’t keep covering for you,” Landon said in frustration as he rummaged through his desk.
“Please,” I begged, “just for tonight. You won’t have to cover for me ever again!” 
It had been six months of sneaking around, and Rod was becoming more and more impatient. No amount of time was enough for him, and if he’d get into one of his moods, he’d flip a possessive switch, intensifying every aspect of our relationship. His actions were taking a toll on me, and I wasn’t sure how much more I’d be able to put up with.
“It’s not that I don’t want to because I couldn’t give a shit if you were out partying. It’s this guy. He’s too demanding, and honestly, he sounds obsessed. Kevin told me about his run in with this guy at the beach.” Landon turned to look at me, hopefully my big brown eyes would make him cave. 
“He’s just possessive. Landon, I promise I won’t ask you—”
He cut me off. “Possessive isn’t always a good thing, Jamie. Besides, you said I’d never have to cover for you again two weeks ago. Just tell Dad, or find another work study. Or a new boyfriend.”
I winced at his bluntness, knowing in my heart what the best option was for me.
Landon sat next to me, reaching for my hand. 
“This, Jamie, is why I don’t like him. I know he did this to you.”
My wrist was firmly in his hand, and I yanked at it, trying to hide it under my sleeve. I’d gotten bruises from Rod’s hands holding me down during sex the past week while he was covering the deputy’s shift. I couldn’t see him for three days in a row, and he went crazy, devouring me the second we were alone. He even waited until he was finished to let in a citizen who’d knocked on the door. It was as though his senses were heightened knowing someone was behind the door while he was pounding into me. The way his blue eyes turned icy as he thrust, his grip tightening, was scary, and I didn’t want to upset him again.
When he was really mad, he’d reach for my neck. That was the most terrifying thing I’d ever experienced, and one I hoped I’d never feel again. He always wanted to use those damn silk pieces of fabric, but I’d find every excuse in the book to avoid them. Sometimes it worked, while other times he’d convince me that it’d be different, that I could trust him, that it would blow my mind. All it did was make me wonder if I’d stop breathing for good.
“It was an accident.” It wasn’t a complete lie. He’d gently stroked the bruises the next day, apologizing for squeezing me so tight, but telling me it was only because he’d missed me so much and couldn’t contain his passion. 
“I’m about to go into the station and beat the shit out of him.”
“Don’t,” I begged with wide eyes.
“See, you’re scared of him. Jamie, he’s not good for you. Tell him to fuck off just like you told Kevin.” 
“Kevin is obnoxious,” I said, rolling my eyes. 
“He wouldn’t hurt you. I’m scared, Jay. The only way I’m going to cover for you tonight is if you break it off with this creep.”
I stared at my finger nails, secretly knowing that was what I needed to do, but didn’t know how. Rod loved me, he’d told me multiple times, and I knew he could be gentle. “I love him, Landon.”
Landon groaned in frustration. “He doesn’t love you if he’s putting bruises on your wrists.”
“They were an accident… but I’ll ask him for some space.”
Landon’s jaw tensed. “Fine, just this once Jamie, and you’d better not come back with as much as a scratch on you tonight.”
“Stop acting like he’s abusive!” I yelled, repeating in my head over and over that he was a good guy who just had his moments.



***

Landon watched me as I walked into the restaurant. Thankfully, Rod was inside already.
“There you are,” Rod sighed, standing from the table at the diner. “I missed you.” His arms embraced me, holding me close to his chest. The smell of his expensive cologne was one I’d become familiar with.
My arms wrapped around his waist, sinking into him. “It’s only been a day and a half.”
“I can never get enough of you.” He squeezed me tighter, kissing my temple with force.
My hands found his chest and, as nicely as I could, I pushed him away, finding a seat in the booth. His brows scrunched while he slid in next to me. 
“Everything okay?”
I nodded, lying to myself and him. He bought it, smiling broadly at me. 
 “Let’s eat quickly. I can’t wait to see what you’re wearing underneath those jeans and T-shirt.” He began kissing my ear, but I pushed him back. “Why are you pushing me away?” His voice cracked, but his arms tightened around my waist.
“We’re at a diner, Rod. One that’s close to town. I don’t like when you’re all over me in public.” 
“I just love you, Jamie. It’s hard to keep my hands off of you.”
“Yeah, I know,” I mumbled, staring down at my bruised wrists that I’d attempted to cover up with bracelets. 
Rod followed my gaze, moving his fingers to cover them. “You’re afraid.” My head whipped in his direction. “Please don’t be scared of me. I didn’t mean to hurt you, I already told you this.”
The waitress came to take our orders, and when it was my turn to speak, Rod cut me off, ordering for me. She left before I could say anything.
“Why’d you do that? I don’t want steak and potatoes. I want a salad.”
Rod glanced at me, his smile firmly in place. “You’ll need the hearty food for what I have planned for you tonight.”
“And what if I don’t want what you have planned for me?”
“You will.” His eyes were turning icy.
“I don’t want to have sex tonight.”
“What, you on the rag? Because you’re acting like a real bitch,” Rod snarled.
“No, I just don’t feel like being dominated tonight,” I hissed back.
“Fine, then dominate me,” he mumbled, excitement filling his eyes.
I blinked, not sure how to respond. I never got to take the lead with him, and part of me was very curious. I was supposed to tell him I needed some space, more time away from him, but I was drawn, even when I was annoyed with his possessive antics. 
“When we get back to my cabin, you can do whatever you want to me,” he promised. 
“Your cabin is an hour and a half away. I can’t stay the night—”
Rod shook his head in frustration. “Jamie, I need to be with you tonight. Please.” 
He reached for my hand, his eyes becoming softer. Kissing it gently, he placed it on his cheek, his eyes closing as though I were offering him solace. Every bone in my body gravitated to him when he acted like this. This was the Rod I loved. Sweet, kind and gentle.
“Let me call my parents. I think they’ll believe me if I ask them to stay at Bethany’s tonight.” 
He kissed my hand again. “I’d really like that,” he whispered.
I reached for the phone, mentally preparing myself to call my mother. With one final nod from Rod, I punched in my mother’s phone number and called to ask.
“Jamie, didn’t you stay at Bethany’s house last weekend? Why don’t you girls come here?”
“Because Bethany doesn’t have younger siblings. It’s quieter there, Mom,” I begged, hoping she’d fall for it as Rod held my hand. 
“I understand,” my mother sighed. “I thought you were hanging out with Landon and his friends tonight?”
“We both were,” I said quickly. “But you know how Landon’s friends can be.” 
“All right, but come home right away in the morning. I want to spend the day with you.” 
I smiled. She always wanted me to feel loved and appreciated among my siblings. “I will. Bye, Mom.”
A huge breath of air escaped me after I hung up the phone. “I hate lying to them.”
“You only stretched the truth. Thank you. I need to hold you all night.”
I melted at his words, relishing the feeling of his hand stroking mine. 


“We’re here,” Rod said sweetly, brushing his hand across my cheek. He held my hand, guiding me to the cabin that his grandfather owned where we’d escaped many times. I pushed away the bad flashbacks, sincerely believing tonight we’d make happy memories.
Rod guided me toward the couch. “Relax, I’m going to start a fire. Want some wine?” I turned up my nose, and he grinned. “You’re so cute. I forget how young you still are,” he added, kissing my head on his way out. 
I curled into the couch, wrapping myself in the quilt his grandmother made. Rod came back and had a fire lit in no time. Finding his way on the couch, he began massaging my feet, his eyes intently on me. 
“You’re being very romantic tonight.”
He grinned, bringing my toe to his lips and caused me to giggle, then tickled the bottoms of my feet, making me laugh. I sat up, crawling to him so I could sit on his lap. 
“You going to have your way with me now?” he asked, moving my legs so I was straddling him while placing my arms around his neck.
A blush crept across my face. He’d never let me take the lead before, so I wasn’t exactly sure where to start. Sex was still new to me. I kissed him, plunging my tongue into this mouth like I’d done times before. His hands remained on my back, only straying every now and then into the back of my jeans.
 “Nu-uh…I’m in charge, remember?”
He grumbled, but kissed me back, holding in his need to control me.
I stood, attempting to sway my hips as I did. Taking off my shirt was a slow process, and I enjoyed watching his eyes take me in with my every movement. Once my clothing was completely off, I instructed him to strip too, then straddled him, my hips moving wildly like they never had before. It was fast and intense, and I was in control. This was so new, so exciting. The rising heat in my core was unique, making my insides tighten like they never had before. My breath was heavier, breathing faster and faster until I couldn’t control the sound that came from my lips. Rod followed, his hands gripping my waist, holding me firmly in place as he rapidly pumped into me, filling me with his seed while letting out a violent moan.
We were sweaty and clammy now, our skin slippery as we gripped onto each others bodies from the high. My head found the crook of his neck, his hands remaining protectively around me. “I want to do that again,” I sighed. 
I sensed his smile. “It’ll be my turn next time,” he teased. 
I leaned back, glaring at him playfully. He kissed my nose, ignoring my attempt to be annoyed with him.
“I love you, Jamie.”
“I love you too. And to think I was going to ask you for space tonight,” I sighed again, leaning into his chest.
“What?” He stiffened, his fingers digging into my skin. My body froze, mentally cursing myself for having loose lips. “Why would you want space? We love each other. We’re supposed to want to be with each other every second of the day. Do you not love me?” His words were frantic while his grip on my waist got tighter and tighter, moving up my body with each of his words.
“No, that’s not why. It’s just I don’t want us to get into trouble,” I stuttered.
“I’ve told you, my grandfather controls the police departments all over the state. You won’t get in trouble. How could you not want me? Want us? Jamie, you’re mine, forever. You said we’d be together forever!” His hands made their way to my collarbone, making every part of me wish I’d listened to Landon.
“I do want us. You just get so aggressive sometimes,” I said as calmly as possible, my arms snuggly wrapped around his neck to try and get him to listen. “It makes me nervous when you start to get upset.”
“Upset?” he shouted louder than before. “You’ve never seen me upset! Bitch, you listen—” 
His hands finally found my weakness, forcefully straining my neck with white knuckles. I reached for his wrists, clinging to them as though he’d free me, but he ignored it. My eyes bugged out as my breathing shallowed. 
“We are going to be together always, you understand? I don’t give a shit if someone walks in on me fucking those tits next week on your father’s desk, got it? This is NEVER going away!” 
Tears sprung from my eyes as I saw stars. I was slowly fading, my nails losing their grip on his wrists with every split second of lost oxygen to my lungs.
“Tell me you understand!”
I nodded, silently begging him to let me go. Finally he took his hands off me, brutally tossing me to the ground. I gasped for air, finding my knees and clawing at my throat. The flames of the fire matched those that were burning my chest as the air finally worked its way back into my lungs. The hardwood floor was cool on my hands and knees as I began moving away from the monster I’d somehow been fooled into loving.
“I’m not done.” 
His voice was like deadly velvet, and I stopped in my tracks, fearful to turn around and face him. But I didn’t have to. He found my hips, his erection pressing against my lower back as his large frame leaned over my trembling body. Grabbing a fist of my hair, he tugged my head back, his lips whispering in my ear. 
“I fucking love you, Jamie, and I own you and your body. Don’t ever get any ideas, or I’ll take that family you’re so worried about hurting and tear them apart. I know their secrets. A matter of minutes and your life would crumble, leaving us alone and together forever like we should be.” His words were venom, piercing through me while his hips moved, searching for my opening. 
“How the hell are you so dry? I just came all over you,” he muttered, painfully forcing himself inside of me. If only my tears could travel down my body. I couldn’t numb this, not anymore, and I feared just how deep he’d go to hurt me if I didn’t comply with his demands.
The night felt like an eternity. I thought Rod would never finish. His pace was punishing, his hand pulling at my hair like he wanted to rip it from my head. Once he was finished, he passed out on top of me, ignoring my silent tears. After a few minutes, he rolled from me, continuing to sleep by the fire. 
Bravely I faced him, covering my body as though he’d wake and give me another taste of what I’d imagined hell to be like.
Once I got the courage, I reached for my clothing with a shaky hand, pulling my cell phone from my jeans pocket. There was a message from Landon. 

Landon: Everything okay? I can come get you anytime.

A tear rolled down my cheek, wanting to spill all the terror Rod was filling me with. I had no idea who he’d turn into when he wake up, but no matter what, the outcome wasn’t going to be a good one for me.

You up?

Landon:  You okay?

Can you come get me?

Landon:  That fucker. Text me the address. Do I need to bring Dad?

Another tremble ran through me as I messaged him the address. I couldn’t disappoint my father.
No. Just you. Please. Text me when you get here.

Landon: On my way. 

Setting my phone on my jeans, I quietly put my clothes on, wondering what I could do to make sure Rod would sleep the next hour and a half until Landon got here. 
Making my way to the bathroom, I tried to clean up, wincing when I sat down. Visions of Rod’s hands on me wouldn’t escape my mind, especially how he’d gripped my neck, and the anger in his eyes as he tried to squeeze the life out of me, then how he got turned on by it afterward. 
I was too ashamed to look in the mirror, knowing I’d most likely have evidence of his brutality. My body went stiff.
We didn’t used condoms.
The uncontrollable sob fell from my lips as my quivering hand tried to cover my strangled moans of pain and humiliation. How could I have let this happen?
I felt the air evaporate in the bathroom. A knowing presence was in the doorframe, and the angst overpowered me. I cowered on the toilet, pulling my knees to my chest. Was he still not done with me?
He moved slowly, his head dipped low until he was standing above me, then dropped to his knees, his eyes filled with sorrow as he sobbed heartfelt cries. His hands reached for me and I flinched, but Rod wrapped his arms around my waist, urging my legs to drop so he could place his head in my lap. 
“I’m sorry,” he wept. “I’ll never hurt you again.”
I ran my hand through his hair cautiously, agreeing with him in my mind. He would never hurt me again because once Landon was here, I’d be safe in his car, driving far away from him.
“Let’s go to bed,” I said with a shaky voice, guiding him to stand. 
His hands went to the sides of my face, forcing me to look at him. He carefully leaned down, kissing my lips. I didn’t have it in me to kiss him back. Every part of me wanted to knee him in the balls and run as far away from him as possible, but I had to put on an act for him; otherwise, who knew what switch he’d flip before I could get out.
“Please, Jay, tell me you forgive me,” he whispered, massaging my jaw. I didn’t like it. He was too close to my neck, so I pulled both his hands to our sides, forcing myself to give him a quick peck while turning to take us to the bedroom. He needed to go back to sleep. That would be the only way I could leave peacefully. 
“Jamie…”
Once we reached the bed I pulled the covers back, removing my jeans shyly. I had to play the part. “Can we just sleep, Rod? I’m tired, and worn out.”
“I won’t be able to sleep unless you tell me you forgive me. Tell me that you love me still.” He followed me into bed, pulling me to his chest. “Will you take your shirt off? I want to feel your skin against mine. I know you’re upset with me, but let me make it better, Jamie,” he begged, kissing my shoulder tenderly.
My body trembled as he guided my shirt over my head, my hair falling down my back as he tossed it to the ground. I covered my chest, not wanting him to see me naked. He held me gently like he had earlier in the day. More tears were shed by both of us, and I didn’t know what to do. Sweet nothings and everlasting apologies were said over and over into my ear along with soft kisses on my cheeks and forehead. 
My phone buzzed once softly. Thankfully, Rod had dozed off, but he held me in a vice grip firmly to his chest. My first attempt to move didn’t work; he only pulled me tighter.
“Rod,” I murmured softly, running my hand along his cheek, trying to coax him awake yet keep him sleepy. “I have to go to the bathroom.”
He grumbled something, but only held me tighter. My phone buzzed again, and I shook, afraid and indecisive on what to do. I heard the front door click open, and my spine stiffened, but my hands became firmer as I pushed on Rod’s chest. He couldn’t know Landon was here. That would flip his dangerous switch. Thankfully, Rod mumbled something unintelligible, then rolled over. I held my breath as I removed the covers, then threw my shirt on while grabbing my jeans. I had to get out fast. 
The dark shadow of Landon walking toward me once I got into the hall startled me, but eased my nerves at the same time. “Landon,” I whispered, reaching for him. He held me tight then pulled me away. 
“Where is that fucker?” His brown eyes were dark and filled with hate, ready to pound the shit out of anyone. He’d been training for the Air Force boot camp, and he’d gotten strong quickly.
“Let’s go, please,” I begged quietly, tugging on his hand. “He’ll hurt you.” I pulled him into the kitchen successfully. 
“What did he do to you?” Landon yanked his hand from mine, stopping in his tracks.
“Let’s talk about it on the way home, please.” I trembled as I put on my jeans, my hand fumbling with the button and zipper as I made my way to the door.
 “What’s going on?” Rod was in the threshold of the hallway, standing in only his boxers as he glared in Landon’s direction.
“She’s leaving,” Landon said firmly, taking a protective step in front of me. “I don’t know what you’ve done to her, but I promise you’ll pay.” 
Rod let out a slight laugh, then crept toward us in the shadows. “I’ve done nothing to her. She’s the one who came onto me at the station, took her clothing off while we were on the job. She got on her knees for me.”
Embarrassment moved throughout my body, and I could feel the tension from Landon’s shoulders radiating throughout the whole room. “She’s a minor.”
Rod’s lip twitched. “Not in Florida.”
“Legal age is eighteen, you dip shit.” 
I put my hand on Landon’s back, worried Rod might lash out for his name calling.
“Google Romeo and Juliet Law. Legally, there’s nothing they can get me for.” Rod was only a few feet from Landon, and taller and broader. My brother wasn’t a big guy, but he was a quick and agile wrestler who could hold his own.
“The bruises on her arms are proof enough. I’ll be sure to file a report if you don’t back the fuck off,” Landon spat, reaching behind him to lay his hand on my forearm. “Open the door, Jamie.”
After a beat, I did as my brother commanded. He walked backward, his hand still on my arm. “She’ll come back to me,” Rod said confidently. “I’ll see you Tuesday, Jamie. I love you, sweetheart.”
 “Ignore him,” Landon said, guiding me to the passenger side and slamming the door once I was securely inside. 
Rod’s eyes were on me through the windshield, promising he wasn’t through with me. I had a feeling my life with Rod was far from over. My body began shaking, trembling from his murderous stare. I’d fucked up, and I had no way to stop the spiral it was about to take. 
“You’ll be okay,” Landon said gently, setting his hand on my shoulder as I cried into my lap. 
“He wasn’t safe,” I choked, afraid of the possible connection we might share for the rest of our lives.
“You’re pregnant, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know. I don’t always get a chance to make sure he puts one on.”
Landon sighed in frustration, but I could tell it wasn’t with me. He knew who the monster was in the situation. “When will you know?”
“I’m a few weeks away from getting my period.”
“Fuck.” He tapped his steering wheel. “I’ll take care of you, no matter what, okay?”
I nodded, knowing I would always be protected by him.


Chapter Sixteen



The bright sun beamed against my closed eyelids, and I snuggled the body that was softly snoring next to me. The woodsy scent caused me to take a deep breath, inhaling security as my hands moved to the chest of the wonderful smelling body. I slowly opened my eyes, realizing where I was and what had taken place the night before. I jolted, staring out at the daytime version of the city. Mitch mumbled as he rolled, wrapping an arm around my waist. 
Shit. 
I’d fallen asleep, and hard. Becca was waiting for me at home, and this was going to be one hell of a story to explain. Tyler would think I slept with him, coming home disheveled and out of sorts. Even though the night was the best I’d had in a long time, it couldn’t happen again. 
“I need to go,” I said quickly, standing from the makeshift bed of blankets and pillows.
“Huh?” Mitch said sleepily, sitting upward and rubbing his eyes. My heart softened when I saw him, groggy from sleep. “Wow, guess we fell asleep. What time is it?” He pulled his phone from his back pocket. “It’s just after seven. Can we grab a quick breakfast?” Standing, he stretched, his muscles flexing.
I shook my head, gathering my purse. “I’ve got a lot to do today, sorry.”
Mitch nodded, collecting the blankets and pillows. I tapped my foot, anxious to get home but nervous as hell. What was I going to tell Becca and Tyler? Mitch wasn’t a part of the drug scheme, but that wasn’t going to explain why I’d been out all night. Tyler and Nathan should have believed him in the first place about not hiding the drugs instead of treating him like an idiot. Part of me wanted to say nothing to them and let his brothers continue to sweat.
Mitch had a car parked outside of the building to take me home. The drive was silent, and Mitch seemed to be on cloud nine. Until he set his hand on my thigh, causing me to jump and pull away from him. 
“You okay?”
I nodded, hiding behind my sunglasses. “Why wouldn’t I be?” 
He reached for me again, but I moved in my seat, away from his touch. His shoulder slumped.
 “Can I see you tonight?” he asked as we pulled into the parking ramp at Riverhouse. He started to turn off the car, but my eyes darted in his direction. 
“Please don’t make this more than what it was.”
Mitch gave me a puzzled look. “What?”
“We both know why I went out with you. We’re co-workers, friends… don’t be difficult, please,” I said, even though my heart was pounding rapidly from being in the same air as him. “I’ll see you in Miami.”
Mitch huffed in bewilderment. “I guess so.” His voice was bitter as I slammed the door, keeping my head down as I marched to the elevator. He sped off, his car loudly leaving the ramp. My heart dipped. I’d hurt him, but there wasn’t any other option. My mind was spinning in a million directions, hoping Becca and Tyler were in their own bedroom so I could crawl into mine and never come out.
“What happened?” Becca asked the second I unlocked the door. I should have known better than to think she wouldn’t be waiting up for me.
“Nothing. I didn’t get any information out of him, sorry,” I muttered as I stopped quickly, then continued down my hall.
“Jamie!” Becca called after me. There wasn’t a way out of this. We both reached my room at he same time. 
“Well?”
“He’s not dealing,” I said quietly, stripping off my dress and pulling a T-shirt over my head. 
“Did you…?”
“Just because I was out with him all night doesn’t mean I slept with him,” I said defensively.
“I wouldn’t care if you did,” she said truthfully. “Did you have a good time?”
I covered my eyes, mumbling through my hands. “It was fine.”
Becca’s grin was still in place when I moved my hands. “It’s okay if you like him,” she said softly. “I know he’s not your normal type, but outside of what Tyler says, I think he’s a good guy.”
He was a good guy. Annoying as shit most of the time, but after last night he proved to have sides to him that weren’t as obnoxious. 
“I’m going to make breakfast. You want something?” she asked, patting my back. I shook my head, offering her an apologetic smile for being grumpy.
“Okay, let’s hang out when you wake up. I’ll make sure Ty leaves you alone, too.” Letting out a soft laugh, I waved her off. 
My phone buzzed in my purse, and I went to reach for it, feeling the all too familiar friction of those haunting black letters. Pulling the letter from my purse, I was reminded why I couldn’t get close to Mitch. He’d be hunted for the rest of his life if I showed interest. Rod would ruin him, just as he’d ruined every other male in my life I’d gotten close to—with the exception of Nathan. But he was gay; that was the only grace I could imagine Rod was giving him.
Tearing open the letter that was left outside of my apartment before I’d left for Grand Rapids became numbing, and the anticipation of finding out its contents made my head ache.

Enough moving around. Stay put, sweetheart. We’ll be together soon.
-Rod

His words were chilling even on paper. My phone buzzed again. My emails were backing up like they normally did over the weekend, but a Saturday filled with work would at least distract me from my rambling thoughts and confusion surrounding my personal life.
One of the emails surprised me, making my face light up. It was something I had inquired about weeks prior, and the warmth that filled me was uncontrollable. Even though I was fighting having any type of relationship with Mitch, I’d found something I thought could help him.



***

Nathan met me on-site where Kobiashi’s property for the amusement park was located. We’d gathered a team of architects and designers to join us to get a feel for the atmosphere and what Kobiashi wanted them to create. I’d brought my tablet in hopes of running into Mitch. I hadn’t seen him in a week and a half, and he hadn’t texted me any cheesy pick up lines either, but he was probably busy. Miami was starting to boom, and both he and Nathan had been in Grand Rapids. Our last words had been harsh, but that had never stopped Mitch and his ever constant chatter. 
“Can you feel it, Nathan?” Kobiashi said in his broken English. “People will be everywhere, laughing, eating, the whoosh of roller coasters followed by the roar of fear and excitement of its passengers.”
Nathan rubbed his hands together. “The sound of cash and credit cards swiping.” 
Kobiashi flashed his white teeth. “I love how you think, Nathan. This is why we get along so well. Our ultimate goals are very similar.”
I turned away and joined the architects. A table was set on the outer-banks of the parking lot as we returned from wandering the property. A rugged man in faded jeans and a white T-shirt was fumbling with papers and plans. A smile formed on my face instantly when I noticed who it was.
“Mitch, glad you could make it,” Kobiashi greeted with open arms. He offered Mitch his hand. Mitch took it, giving Kobiashi a nod.
Nathan slapped Mitch on the back as he rolled out the elevation plans that shared the depths of the property. It was covered in numbers and graphs, certain colors and depths. I didn’t know what it all meant. It was mainly a bunch of random numbers. My face lit up as I made my way to Mitch. Touching his arm, I gave him a slight smile. He didn’t move his arm, but wouldn’t meet my eyes. I wasn’t surprised; these numbers made him nervous, even though Tony was on his other side.
“Can I show you something?” I asked, barely able to contain my excitement. 
Mitch squinted as he took in all of the other onlookers. For the most part, they were still chatting among themselves, not yet discussing the plans. He nodded quickly, barely acknowledging me.
“Check this out.” I pulled my tablet from my purse, opening up the application that a developer had been working on the past six weeks. There was a scanner that looked like it would search for a barcode. But it wouldn’t just read the numbers on a barcode, it would read any number it could register out loud, including hand written.
One thousand three hundred and forty-two, the voice synthesizer said. Mitch bit his lip, his eyes squinting as though he was intrigued. I held the tablet over another number. Nine hundred seventy-three point six, eight.
“What the hell is that?” Nathan asked. Everyone was staring at me as I tried out the new app.
“It’s an app that reads numbers out loud.”
Nathan laughed. “Why the hell wouldn’t you just read them? Surely you’re intelligent enough for that, Jamie.” The crowd of people started laughing, everyone except Mitch. His head dipped low, and when he glanced up, anger was all over his face.
“Are we going to look at this or not?” he said loudly over the hackles of our co-workers. 
Nathan contained his laughter, then began discussing possibilities with the architects and Kobiashi. Mitch remained quiet, his hands firmly grasping the table. Obviously, Mitch wasn’t thrilled with the app I’d searched hard to find. He’d barely looked at me since I’d arrived, and I was pissed by how he was acting.
We finally broke free from the meeting, Nathan and Kobiashi agreeing to go for dinner later. “Come with us, Jamie. I’d love to hear some of your marketing ideas for the amusement park.” Kobiashi set his hand on my lower back as he spoke.
Mitch glared at his hand, then stormed to his truck, plans skewed in his arms as he threw them in the back. “Sure, I’ll meet you both there? We should have time before our flight to Grand Rapids, right Nathan?” I asked pleasantly.
“Of course, we’ll leave right from dinner,” Nathan assured as he and Kobiashi took off to their cars. After stalling around my car for a moment, I smoothed over my coral dress, marching to Mitch, who was fiddling with the plans in the back of his truck. Thankfully the handful of people we’d been meeting with were in their cars on their way out by the time I spoke. 
“What’s your deal?”
Mitch chucked one of the tubes filled with plans across the hatch before he turned to me. My arms were crossed, prepared to fight with him. “What do you mean, what’s your deal?”
“You’re acting like something crawled up your ass and died.”
Mitch crossed his arms, his big frame coming toe to toe with me. I wasn’t intimidated, I thrived on challenges. “My ass is fine. You’re the one who’s all hot and cold.”
“What?”
Mitch threw his hands to his sides, balling them into tight fists. “You were completely different in Grand Rapids a week and a half ago, then morning came and you turned back into the ice queen. Now you’re here, all smiles and cutesy?”
“Ice queen?” I gasped in shock. “I thought we got along great in Grand Rapids.”
“We did until you freaked out and had to go see your best friend and my brothers.”
I shook my head in frustration, running my hands through my hair. “We can’t be together that way. It’s against company policy.” 
“You won’t even try. And what the hell was up with that show in front of everyone today?” I scowled in confusion. “That app. You’re a real comedian, Jamie.” He was flustered now, and I sensed the real reason why he was so upset.
“I didn’t mean to embarrass you,” I said quietly, peeking around as though people were watching us. “I know you have trouble with reading numbers. I thought it’d help you.”
“Who said I have trouble with numbers? I’m fine, okay? Mind your own fucking business from now on.”
“Fine, Last time I do anything nice for you.”
“Good, I’m sick of your mood swings.”
I spun on my heels, facing him again. “Mood swings? You haven’t seen my mood swings, you dick.”
Mitch stomped toward me, his eyes stormy. “I’ve seen every side of you, Jamie. The side when you’re working, confident and sure of yourself. The side when you’re with Becca, perky and alive. How you are with Nathan and our high society families, proper and politically correct.” He took a step closer, his breath warm as it tickled my cheeks. His demeanor shifted, becoming softer. “Then there’s the sexy as sin side of you, where you play games until you get whatever it is you want. Then just as it’s at your fingertips you pull away, leaving whoever it is you’re about to take from in the dark.” 
Our eyes were now locked. His scent was starting to consume me, his words sinking into my heart. I felt exposed.
His hand gently came to my ear, barely grazing my cheek as he looked down at me in frustration. His words were a harsh whisper. “Then you let down your walls for a split moment —no longer confident and sure of yourself, but vulnerable and afraid. Where you want me to save you from whatever ghosts are in your closet.” My breathing sped up while I hugged my chest tighter.
 “You don’t need to save me.” My voice was a murmur on the wind.
“You shut down with me on that rooftop. I want to know why.”
His thumb caressed my cheek as he patiently waited for my answer. Tears pressed my eyes, wanting to flow into his hands, but I couldn’t show him my weakness, not again. 
“I need to go.” My voice was strong, but my feet wouldn’t move.
Mitch sighed, running his hand down my cheek and to the side of my neck. I flinched, biting my lip to keep it from twitching. Shrugging from his touch, I turned to my car, fighting tears as the dirt crunched beneath my nude heels. Mitch growled as he slammed the back of his truck closed. Heavy boots on rocks and dirt followed me. A hand reached for the door, stopping me from escaping inside.
“Meet me tonight.”
I wiped my eyes. “Let me go…”
His head was low, trying to meet my gaze. “Not until you say yes. I won’t leave you like this.” 
I was breaking in front of him, sick of fighting feelings I secretly wanted. 
Both of his hands found the top of the car, caging me in completely. There was no hiding now as his nose brushed mine. 
 “Please. Let me take it away.”
My eyes were heavy as soft pants began leaving my lips. Could his touch rid me of the silent hell I’d been living the past seven years? The heat was there between us, radiating like the sun on this hot summer day. He licked his lips, pressing down gently to meet mine for the first time.
Wildfire spread throughout my body as I met his mouth, and my muscles went limp from his soft suck on my bottom lip. My arms were still crossed, attempting to protect my heart from this man who was tearing down my walls one thick brick at a time. His kiss became more intense when I let out a soft groan. Arms were suddenly around me, pulling me to his broad chest that I’d yearned to touch so many times. I was caged and not in control, a position I’d been terrified to be in my entire romantic life because of my dark past. I sighed his name in between kisses, unsure of what I wanted.
He paused long enough to make a plea. “Come home with me.” His mouth found mine quickly, his tongue darting confidently, dancing eagerly with mine. I loved every second of his kiss, feeling the need and passion with every dip of his tongue.
“Now?” I breathed, bringing my mouth back to lock with his. 
He grunted, pressing his hips into mine. “Yes, I need you, now. I can’t wait any longer.” 
My arms unlocked from my chest, making their way to Mitch’s pecs, my hands slowly moving upwards to cradle his face while we kissed. I wanted him just as badly, but still needed to keep my responsibility. 
“We both have to work. I’ve got a meeting with a client at 2.” 
His lips left my mouth to find my jaw, the fresh scruff on his face felt amazing as it rubbed against my sensitive skin. “That’s in three hours,” he said between kisses. “Plenty of time.”
It was enough time, but I wanted a clear head this weekend for Becca’s wedding, and the unsettling nerves in my stomach told me going home with Mitch would put me in a fog the rest of the day, or possibly my entire life.
“I have to finish packing, and prep for my meeting,” I sighed, enjoying his lips now working their way down my neck. The sensation of his tongue running along my neck was an elixir for all the times it had been touched destructively.
“I’ll help you,” he coaxed. 
I let out a soft giggle, gently pulling his face back to mine. “I can’t.”
His lip quirked, then he kissed me chastely. “I’m worried you’re going to get in that car and think of every excuse possible why this was a mistake.”
I bit my lip, buying time to think of how I’d respond to his statement. He was right. My mind would automatically go to why I couldn’t be with him. But his words stuck in my head, let me take it away. 
I wanted to try.
“We have to focus on Tyler and Becca’s wedding this weekend, then we’ll figure this out.”
His head tipped so it was resting on mine. “Promise?”
I nodded, grabbing the back of his neck as I went in for one last kiss, letting him know I was serious. I was still confused, but my body couldn’t deny him anymore. 



***

Images of my simple make-out session with Mitch kept replaying in my mind the rest of the day. My meeting was boring, packing was cursory, and dinner with Nathan and Kobiashi was mere routine. Nathan nudged me a few times, making sure I was paying attention. If only he knew that while we were enjoying appetizers, I was imagining what his younger brother looked like with his shirt off. And then, as we ate dessert, what he looked like without pants.
“What’s got that shit-eating grin on your face?” Nathan asked as we walked through the airport security. I shrugged, feigning acknowledgement for my mood. I wasn’t going to admit his little brother had caused butterflies to form in my stomach.
“If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were in love.”
“No way,” I said quickly, laughing slightly. Love was something I wasn’t sure I believed in anymore. 
“Whatever you say. Do you have the wedding itinerary?” Nathan was the only male in the universe who would worry about a wedding itinerary. 
 “Of course, I made it last weekend. Tyler should have forwarded it to you.”
Nathan grumbled under his breath. “He didn’t. That man only cares about one thing. Well, maybe two things.”
We both laughed. “Typical man.”

Chapter Seventeen



Clanking of glasses filled the air, signaling for Becca and Tyler to kiss for the umpteenth time. They were shockingly good sports about the interactions, and seemed to be the happiest I’d ever seen them. The wedding activities were a blur, moving from nails to hair, rehearsals and preparations for the ceremony. It happened so fast, and I was thankful for the buzz I was supporting from the ride to pictures and the reception.
My interactions with Mitch were sparse. He’d texted me throughout Thursday and Friday with his stupid pick-up lines and flirty comments. My responses were slim, but only because we’d been so busy. I’d been by Becca’s side constantly, wanting to make today the fairy tale she deserved. 
“Thank you so much for the speech,” Becca sniffed as she squeezed my hand. We were sitting at the head table, relaxing from the fine dining. “You’re the best friend a girl could ever have.” She was being sappy.
“You’d do the same for me,” I whispered softly.
“In a heartbeat,” she assured, nodding her head rapidly. Then, in normal bride tradition, she took off, mingling with her guests. 
Mitch was sitting at the end of the table. I could feel his presence as I sipped what was left of my champagne. He was moving toward me now, his confidence radiating with each step. He looked handsome in his suit, and a touch awkward. I could tell he wasn’t used to wearing one. It was humbling to see.
“You’ve done a great job ignoring me,” Mitch pouted, taking Becca’s seat. “I thought you weren’t going to come up with a reason for us not to try?”
Setting my glass down, I turned to him. “This weekend was about my best friend, not you. Sorry if I’ve been too busy to flirt.”
His brows wiggled. “God, I love when you’re feisty.”
My eyes found the ceiling as I shook my head, trying not to laugh at him, but my smile couldn’t be contained. He had charm, and I was starting to fall for it.
Mitch set his arm on the back of my chair, leaning into me as though he was going to place a kiss on my neck. Shivers ran down my arms in anticipation, quivering as his nose touched the shell of my ear. “Save me a dance, all right?” 
He left before I could jokingly tell him no. 
Simple wedding reception traditions passed by, leaving the dance floor open to the guests. 
“Come on, they’re going to play Elton,” Nathan said slyly, pulling me to the dance floor. 
I had yet to dance with Mitch, but as much as I wanted to touch him, I knew it was for the best. Controlling my hands and movements might be hard at this point, and I wasn’t ready for anyone to see the way we reacted to each other while being so close.
“Candle in the Wind? Really?” I teased as Nathan spun me then brought me back so our bodies were flush.
“Did you expect something else?”
“Of course not.” I laughed, resting my head on his shoulder as he held me close. 
 “I’m glad you’re out of your funk,” he said quietly against my ear. “You’re a hard one to read, but I knew you weren’t yourself for a while. This weekend you’ve been a shining star.”
“It must be weddings,” I sighed dramatically. “You know I’m a sucker for a good romance.”
“Right,” he said sarcastically. Becoming serious again he added, “You’d tell me if something were wrong, right?” I tilted my head away from him, feeling guilty for keeping part of me distant from my best friends. “I know I’m a hard ass most of the time, but I do care, Jamie. Even if you’re debating screwing my little brother.”
I smacked his shoulder. “Says who?”
“Body language. There couldn’t be more sexual tension between the two of you.”
“Isn’t Mitch always like that?” I teased, trying to play off that I wasn’t interested.
“Say whatever makes you feel better, but I’m not an idiot. I stand by what I said earlier.” His eyes met mine. “And, I’m going to repeat what I said to you before. Be careful around him, Jay. You were right, he’s not dangerous, but he’ll play with your heart.”
“Do I look like the kind of girl who gets her heart broken?” My face was smug, but inside I was tearing apart. My heart was still ripped in half, bleeding for the ones I’d lost.
“I know you can take care of yourself. It doesn’t mean I still can’t be protective.”
Grateful for his affection, I smiled.



***

Of course, Becca would have fireworks at her wedding. When I looked around to find her, she was gone, and I clicked my tongue, knowing her and Tyler had used fireworks as an escape.
“They sure went all out, didn’t they?” Mitch came to my side, his mega-watt smile in full form. His eyes were a touch hazy, buzzed from the alcohol. 
“Wouldn’t be a Stine/Conklin wedding without fireworks.” 
Over two-thirds of the guests were gone by now, allowing for more space on the patio. Leaning into his side and resting my head on his shoulder happened naturally while my body awakened to his scent. He was wearing his sexy cologne, the woodsy smell taking over my senses. Mitch slid me in front of his body, arms wrapping around me from behind while the fireworks flew over the Grand River. My hands clung to his, helping him hold me. I sighed contently, feeling safe in his arms. This felt so right, and the visions of letters and white knuckled hands squeezing my neck evaporated. He was taking my pain away, and I was ready to stop fighting it.
“Come home with me,” I purred through the crackling of the fireworks.
“Mmm...” he contemplated in sarcasm. “I actually reserved a room.” My elbow found his stomach, causing him to grunt and chuckle at the same time. “I imagine the bed is big enough for the two of us, even though you didn’t save me a dance.”
My grin was wide as I tilted my head to look up at him. “Oh, I saved the best dance for you.” His eyes widened fractionally, filling with lust as I licked my lips. My bare skin was begging to be touched by his calloused hands.
“Shall we go create our own finale?” he suggested, his hand moving lower on my hip. All eyes were on the fireworks, and like Becca and Tyler, now would be the perfect opportunity to make a getaway without anyone realizing we were leaving together. I moved from his embrace, taking his hand to walk through the reception hall and to the hotel entrance. Mitch eagerly followed, barely able to keep his hands off me while we passed by many of our co-workers. 
It was all over once we reached the elevator. Passion hit us in a rush as the doors closed. Mitch lunged for me, pinning me to the mirrored side of the elevator. His mouth crashed into mine, fiercely demanding me to open up for his tongue to explore. My hands were just as crazed, reaching underneath his suit coat, searching for the muscles I’d longed to feel and taste.
“I’ve been thinking about kissing you ever since we were on Kobiashi’s lot,” he gasped between kisses. I moaned in agreement.
Thankfully, no one was in the hallway while we were all over each other, finding his room. He pushed me so my back was against the door, pressing his body flush with mine, kissing me madly. Everything inside of us was ready to ravage each other. Mitch fumbled in his pockets, biting my lip as he grabbed the key and finally opened the door. My fingers were working on his buttons as I walked backward through the threshold. Mitch tossed the key on the floor, then slammed the door shut with his foot.
We were alone now.
No judging eyes or emotions. I was going to devour him tonight and not worry about what games my mind would play on me in the morning.
Mitch let out a deep breath as he took me in from head to toe. His stare made me feel alive. Watching him undo the remainder of his buttons while I kicked my heels to the side fed my need for him. I was finally able to see what was beneath those shirts, and the reality was way better than my fantasies. I couldn’t hide the hitch in my breath as his suit jacket and dress shirt fell to the floor. Smooth, taut, tanned skin covered his chest and abdomen with ripples of muscle you’d only see in magazines. His nipple held a bar piercing, and I wanted to run it between my tongue and teeth. He also had a large bandage on his shoulder, and I was curious what was beneath it. 
“Why is your dress still on?” Mitch asked, taking a step toward me. 
Interest in the bandage evaporated. My hands were trembling with anticipation now, grabbing at my dress. I shimmied out of it, leaving me in my lacy thong. I’d almost opted not to wear anything but had decided against it.
Mitch hissed as his eyes roamed my almost-naked body. “You’re so much hotter than I imagined.”
I jumped him, letting out a groan of relief as my bare chest met his. My hands grabbed his face, pulling him down for our mouths to explore each others again. Mitch’s palms found my ass, grabbing each cheek while rolling his hips into mine. I gasped into his mouth from the feel of his erection, and my hands reached for the button on his suit pants, frantically yanking them down along with his boxers. Taking my mouth from his, my eyes shamelessly watched as he sprung free. I grinned upward, showing him I approved.
He smugly winked as he stepped out of his shoes and pulled off his socks. His cockiness normally irritated me, but now only made my grin wider. My hands met his chest, shoving him so he’d fall backwards onto the massive king size bed. He laughed under his breath, moving backward so he was completely on the bed. 
“You have no idea how many times I’ve thought of this very moment,” he rasped.
My lip twitched in satisfaction. The thought of him daydreaming about fucking me turned me on as much as when I’d fantasized about doing the same to him. 
My thumbs hooked into my panties, sliding them off and tossing them to the side as Mitch watched with hungry eyes. My body felt sexier than ever under his gaze. Slowly, I crawled over his body, straddling him while sitting upright on my knees. 
“Is this what you dreamed about?” I asked seductively, reaching for my breasts and cupping their heavy weight. A soft groan escaped my lips from my own touch, and I couldn’t fathom the damage his large hands were going to do.
Mitch bit his lip as he watched with fascination, his hands gently finding my thighs, working their way up to my hips. “Yes, except those tits are normally in my mouth,” he growled, suddenly sitting upright. 
I inhaled sharply, my hands finding his shoulders while he nipped his way to each nipple, twirling his tongue in tantalizing circles, then sucking each one harshly between his teeth. My groan was loud and needy, wanting to slam my hips down onto him. Instead, I teased, rubbing the tip against my clit, causing more moans to escape my mouth. Mitch grunted into my breasts, biting the soft skin harder the more I ground my hips. With this speed and need, I was going to come fast and hard. My nails dug into his shoulders as he tugged on my nipple, pushing me completely over the edge and into euphoria. 
Mitch’s mouth left my skin, his eyes wildly watching me ride out my high. “Oh, Jamie, you’re a fucking dream come true.” His hands grasped my waist, forcing me down on his lap. 
“Oh!” I shouted unexpectedly. My head tipped back as my insides spasmed around him, getting used to the large foreign object that had just entered my most sacred place.
“Oh my God,” he gasped, thrusting his hips upward, then steadied himself deep inside of me. “Don’t move yet,” he begged through panted breaths. “Let me feel you.”
The lack of movement was torture and a blessing all at the same time. Even though I was soaked, I needed to get used to his size before I could move. My head dipped forward, causing our foreheads to meet. Our warm breath mingled, making a connection that caused my entire body to tremble. The sensations blooming inside me were beyond description. I was consumed by him.
He slowly lay back on the bed, his hands moving from my waist to my hips, gently coaxing me to move. I started out slow, grinding my hips so as to get used to him. My first orgasm had ridden out in a calm wave, but another was building. My eyes were open instead of screwed shut this time, allowing me to admire his beautiful physique. My hands greedily found his pecs, running down along his abdomen as the roll of my hips intensified.
Mitch’s breaths were getting shorter with each jump, his eyes never leaving my breasts. They were bouncing now, and his hands couldn’t contain themselves as they reached up, firmly grasping each one as his thumbs caressed each nipple. Every time he’d pinch and tug them, I’d moan, my hips moving faster. 
“Yes…” I encouraged softly, almost reaching another release.
“Like that?” he asked, knowing he was causing me to unravel. “You’ve got sexy little nipples that love to be played with.” 
I groaned again. I loved dirty talk, and the way his deep voice was hitching when I’d squeeze him from my insides made me frantic. One more squeeze and I was done for, coming loudly and rapidly. 
“That a girl,” he growled, pressing my hips down as he pumped upward into the contractions of my orgasm. His cock twitched inside of me, making more tremors carry throughout my body, goose bumps forming on every inch of my skin. 
Sated green eyes met mine as I came down from the dance we’d just shared. His hands urged me to lay on his chest. Even though his body was rock hard, he was the best pillow ever, and I didn’t want to move from our position. He was still thick inside of me, one arm protectively wrapped around me as the other grazed up and down my spine. Our hearts were slowing, beating together to the same rhythm.
He kissed the top of my head, then nuzzled me affectionately. “This is really what I dream about,” he whispered as we drifted to sleep.



***

The gentle rise and fall of Mitch’s chest was a lullaby throughout the night. His massive biceps latched around me helped to make me feel protected. Snuggling into his masculine chest made me feel like I was a part of him, that I would forever be safe.
His hands began moving more fluidly, gripping me tighter as he snuggled me back. A deep breath escaped his nostrils as though he were inhaling my scent, then exhaled loudly. My head lifted, hoping to greet those hypnotizing green eyes, but I was saddened to find them still closed. The slight smile of contentment on his lips made my heart thump against his. 
After a few moments, his eyelids began to flutter open. “What are you looking at?” he teased, moving his arms so they were behind his head. 
I secretly pouted because his hands weren’t on me anymore.
“Just the sleaze ball I slept with last night.”
He laughed under his breath. “Let’s not forget that sleaze ball gave you two orgasms.” His hand found my hair, moving the few stray strands behind my ear. “I like when you smile.” My chin tilted downward trying to hide my grin. “I like when you blush even more.”
I nipped his pec. “I’m so not blushing.” 
His other hand found my face, forcing me to meet his smirk. “Yes, you are,” his voice was soft, yet teasing. 
I sat up, grabbing both his wrists while I straddled him. “Don’t make me have my way with you again.” 
He twitched beneath me, causing my brow to raise. “Jamie Rae, I will forever let you have your way with me.” 
A devious smile escaped me as I began grinding my hips down onto his lap. He groaned in excitement, tipping his head back as his hands caressed my thighs. “But I need to use the restroom first.”
“Such a tease,” he grumbled, smacking my ass as I hopped off him. I couldn’t contain my giggle as I found the bathroom. 
Last night had felt amazing. I was so happy in his arms. Even though we both had some alcohol in us, it was real, and I could see myself getting lost in him on a regular basis. After cleaning myself up and tending to morning bathroom needs, I seductively walked back into the room.
Mitch was lying on his stomach hugging a pillow while playing with his phone. The blanket was covering his perfect behind, and I couldn’t help but pull the blanket back so I could get a good look. My eyes widened at the rounded muscles. I’d always been a sucker for a man with a nice ass. Unable to resist, I squeezed his butt with my palms as I straddled his thighs. 
He flexed his muscles, not moving his eyes from his phone. “It’s nice, isn’t it?” 
I laughed at his smug comment, then smacked his very nice ass hard, getting an ouch out of him. I moved my body upwards so I was sitting on his lower back, my hands massaging his defined shoulders and back muscles.
His head dipped as he set his phone to the side. “That feels amazing,” he sighed as his muscles went from tense to mush after a few moments. My body was starting to heat up from the little grunts he’d let out every time my hands found a knot.
Mitch turned his head away from the pillow so I could see half of his face. “It’s called dyscalculia.” My hands stilled for a moment but then continued. “I mean, I have it, dyscalculia. It’s a numbers thing.” 
His embarrassment was clear by the way he stumbled over his words. “It’s like dyslexia, but with numbers. I always mix them up, mainly reading them backwards. I always played it off like it was nothing, copying the smart kids whenever I could. A teacher finally pointed it out during my freshman year. They always passed me along. I was a little shit, so my bad behavior stood out more than my crappy math skills. I did great in any other subject as long as numbers weren’t involved.” 
He sighed, as though a huge weight had been lifted off his chest. “It got harder when my dad wanted me to get into the family business. Working for an architect’s firm isn’t the best place for someone with dyscalculia.”
My hands stilled on his back. “Your parents know you have it, right?”
Mitch rolled, causing me to move off him. He sat up, leaning against the headboard while I hugged a pillow to my chest. “They know, but it doesn’t mean they understand it. Mom does, but RJ thought it was a joke and something I’d outgrow, so he put me on-site and hired an ‘assistant’ to help me. I’m not a fool—I know Tony’s really who they go to when they have questions.”
My eyes found my lap. Mitch knew what everyone said behind his back. Guilt filled me for thinking he was an idiot for so long. “You are good at what you do, Mitch. You build these structures and know all about tools and codes. I’d be totally lost.” Mitch gave me an unsure grin as he hugged his chest. 
 “What happened to your arm?” 
He looked down at it as he stroked the bandage I noticed last night with his thumb. “Nail gun. Must not be that good with tools.” We both chuckled. 
Mitch grabbed his mysterious black notebook from the nightstand beside us and set it in front of me. “This is my cheat book. I typically have it on me at all times.”
Taking a moment, I looked at it, itching to open and read its contents. He nodded as though he was reading my mind. Tucking my hair behind my head, I flipped open the book to find numbers written out with specific details of where the numbers belonged. 
“Now I know why you wanted this notebook so bad.”
“That app will help,” he said softly. “Thank you for finding it. I know I wasn’t very grateful when you first showed me.” 
“I should have done it in private.” 
Mitch shook his head. “Don’t worry about it. I doubt anyone noticed.”
“So your brothers don’t know?” I was surprised. If his parents knew, why did they keep it a secret? But then again, none of my younger siblings had any idea about my poor decisions.
“Nope. It’s odd to have one son who is a genius with numbers, and one who has no fucking clue.” He was trying to hide his sadness with humor.
My hand reached for his cheek, stroking his stubble. “Your family found your strengths. Besides, could you see Tyler or Nathan on-site?” Mitch laughed. His brother was brilliant with numbers, but had probably never held a hammer in his life.
Once our laughter subsided, Mitch covered my hand with his then pulled it to his lips, giving it chaste kisses. 
“Thank you for telling me,” I sighed, enjoying the feel of his lips on my skin.
“I’ve never talked to anyone about it.” 
My heart beat rapidly for him, secretly loving the fact that he could confide in me. I wanted to hold him now, give him a part of me in return. Moving the pillow to the side, I swiftly straddled his lap, my arms wrapping around his shoulders as I kissed him. His lips moved calmly against mine, not rushing like we had the night before.
His hands moved past my stomach and up my rib cage, fondling each breast gently while his mouth tasted mine. When his thumbs brushed my nipple, I groaned softly into his mouth, my hands attempting to grab his hair. One hand worked my breast while the other made a trail to my collarbone at the base of my neck. 
He pulled back, watching me as his hand grazed higher. My breath became shallow, but not from the way his calloused hands were bringing me to life. The deep breath I released when his hand moved to cup the back of my neck didn’t go unnoticed. 
“You don’t like your neck to be touched, do you?” His eyes were kind as the words left his mouth. 
My eyes closed instinctively. Mist would form on them soon as flashbacks of Rod strangling me for his pleasure would consume my brain. 
“Can I kiss it?” he asked gently, moving his lips to my shoulder, slowly opening his mouth to taste my heated skin. “You’ve got such a beautiful neck, long and elegant. I’ve always wanted to kiss it.”
I gulped, my hands moving in circles on the back of his neck like I would do on the front of mine for comfort. Gradual kisses formed on the base of my neck, mildly working their way upwards to my jaw. I held my breath, shivers moving throughout my entire body with each pluck of his lips. Mitch kissed his way to my mouth, tilting his head so it was against mine. 
“Your heart’s racing.” A shaky breath escaped me, unsure what to think of how smooth his lips felt against my invisible scars. “You can tell me anything,” he murmured, moving his hands to cradle my head. “Something is tearing at you from the inside, I can tell. Let me take away your pain, Jamie.”
Tears fell from my closed eyes, rolling down my cheeks and onto his chest. His bulky arms wrapped around me, cocooning me while I tried to catch my breath. He could read me like a book, and I wasn’t sure if he could stay safe with me in his arms.
“Your wounds have to bleed before they can heal,” he whispered, holding my trembling body.
With shaky words through sniffles I said, “How do you know I haven’t already bled out my demons?”
He pulled his head from my shoulder, his green eyes melting into mine. “Because I can see the ghosts that haunt you behind those beautiful brown eyes.” 
And for the first time, I couldn’t hide, but stared back at him, willing for him to see all that I’d been through without speaking. More tears dropped, and he began to kiss them, caressing my body with firmer hands. My mouth found his, kissing him eagerly, wanting to forget about my haunted past that kept creeping up on me. 
My hands moved down his chest, finding his thick cock and stroking it with my hands. He hissed as he lifted my hips, guiding me so the tip rubbed against my clit. 
“Let me get a condom.” His voice was gruff as he searched his bag on the side of the bed. “You on the pill?” He asked as he held the condom to his lips, preparing to rip it open with his teeth. My head tipped back, wanting him to tug on my nipples with those teeth like he had the night before. 
“Yes,” I groaned impatiently. “Do you really think I would have let you come inside of me last night if I weren’t?”
But it was more than the birth control that made me feel safe. It was him.  The trust and security I found in Mitch was terrifying. I’d never felt this way about any man, and not using a condom seemed to be the only way to show him.
The condom was tossed to the floor as Mitch plunged inside of me. His hips moved recklessly against mine, causing my body to bounce roughly with each thrust. The intensity of his movements was exactly what I needed to numb my pain, urging me to move faster. Large calloused hands wrapped around me, squeezing my skin so I’d be as close to him as possible. Our bodies were slick with sweat and heat. Our mouths moved savagely, tongues tangling with each other as we filled the ache inside of us. 
Once Mitch’s thumb found my clit, it was over, my pace slowing as I exploded around him, his mouth catching my moans of ecstasy. He met my moans, his arms clasping around me tightly as he pumped inside of me, filling me completely.
With heavy breaths we fell to our sides, mouths and tongues still locked together. I never wanted his arms to let me go. Our tongues slowed against one another, finding our own mouths, but our noses still nuzzled together. 
Mitch broke the silence. “I need to eat soon, woman.” I giggled into his chest, clutching my arms around his back tighter. “I’m serious. Let’s order room service, take a shower, then do that again.” 
Still giggling, I unlatched myself from him, searching through the hotel drawers to find a menu. “Eager, are we?” Mitch flirted, sitting up on his elbow to kiss my shoulder.
“You’re not the only one who’s hungry,” I chided, looking for the quickest item to order from Cygnus, the restaurant on top of the hotel.
“Order me a pink taco.” Mitch winked, standing from the bed to open the blinds. 
I couldn’t contain my snort. “You’re such a perv.”
He wiggled his eyebrows, crawling back into the bed as I reached for the phone to call in our order. I had to swat at his hand while I spoke to the hostess. He kept tickling my sides, fondling my breasts, pinching my nipples. I finally smacked him with a pillow once I placed our order. 
“You’re such an ass,” I shouted playfully, trying to hit him again. He was quick, though, grabbing the pillow from me before I made contact and yanking it out of my hand, whacking me back. 
 “No pillow fights babe, I don’t want to be tempted to make you cry.”
“Yeah, right. I think you’d be the one crying like a little girl.” I made pouty lips, pretending to cry. He mimicked me, then kissed my lips, his weight, becoming heavier on me. 
His body confined mine, something I didn’t let men do. I was startled at first, but his kisses were soft and coaxing, helping to blind my mind from my past and push forward to the present. 
“Let’s take a shower,” Mitch suggested between kisses. “We’ll be nice and clean for our food.”
I giggled as he nipped my ear. He sat up, straddling my hips while staring down at me.
“What?” I asked as his green eyes roaming over me. He shook his head, smile still in place as he leaned down to kiss me again. My hand found his chest, roaming to his nipples. I tugged on the bar, and his grin widened.
“I can’t believe I never noticed this with all those tight shirts,” I teased, wanting to run my tongue along it.
Mitch sat up, crossing his arms as he looked down at me. “Checking me out like I’m some piece of meat? I feel degraded.”
I rolled my eyes. “Like you’ve never eye fucked me.”
His eyes widened as he contemplated my words. “Yeah, you’re right.” We both laughed. “Come on, let’s shower,” he said quickly, standing from the bed and holding his hand out for me to take. 
“I’ll join you in a moment. I’m going to text Becca.”
Mitch shook his head. “Don’t bug them.”
I reached for my phone, ignoring him. “If I text her, she can open it whenever she wants. Besides, they’re probably at the airport now. Their flight leaves in an hour.”
“Whatever, I’ll be in the shower. Don’t be long,” he flirted, sending me a wink. I watched as he walked into the bathroom, admiring his defined muscles and that sexy as hell ass. I licked my lips, momentarily dazed by his delicious body.
A knock on the door startled me from my very inappropriate daydream. The room service must be here. I grabbed the complimentary robe from the bathroom, noticing Mitch’s silhouette in the glass shower. There was an extra hop to my step, eager to join him. My face was flushed from our morning session with wild bed head and traces of makeup from the wedding, but I didn’t care if the room service waiter saw me. I was sure he’d seen women looking way more disheveled than me.
I skipped to the door, opening it to find no one there, but the plate of covered food sitting on the floor. These people moved fast when it came to delivering food. My stomach growled as I brought the food inside. Maybe I’d take a quick bite before joining Mitch in the shower. I set the plate on the table and lifted the cover. My eyes grew wide as my heart pounded faster.
There it was, a black letter with my name in perfect script. 
My eyes flew to the door, then to the bathroom. Holy shit, that fucker found me again. How did he keep finding me? I clawed at my neck, pacing back and forth in front of the letter.
“I’m getting lonely in here,” Mitch shouted from the bathroom. I jumped as his voice called for me.
With a trembling voice I answered. “Be there in a minute.”
But I couldn’t let Mitch see this letter, no one had ever seen them. They were my secret reminder that the devil was waiting for me whenever he felt like striking. I snatched the letter, tearing it open as fast as I could, the familiar wax feeling getting stuck in my manicured nails.

Stop being a slut. Get away from him now, or you’ll have more blood on your hands.
-Rod

My hand reached for my mouth, trying to cover the loud shriek that blasted from my lips. I had to leave. I couldn’t let Rod hurt him. I was falling hard for him, and if Rod saw that, he’d make sure to ruin Mitch’s life. 
My shuddering body tossed the robe on the bed, searching for my dress from the night before. I’d look like I was doing the walk of shame, but the only shame I’d have was for opening my heart to a man who’d now be hunted forever if I didn’t disappear. 
Quickly throwing my bridesmaid dress on, I kissed my hand and set it on the bathroom door, silently praying that one day Mitch would understand I wasn’t leaving him because I didn’t want him. My heart was breaking already, knowing that one day Mitch could have healed my wounds. For now I’d have to lick them myself, and somehow figure out how to stay the hell away from my tormentor.
Searching the halls as I closed the door was nothing unusual for me, but the extra bit of fear in my blood was tickling my skin, knowing Rod was nearby. I made it to the elevator without anyone seeing me, hiding my face as the doors closed. Crying was something I was good at stopping, but the tears were escaping uncontrollably. 
The elevator dinged, and I rolled my eyes, irritated I had to share with someone. But my irritation faded when I realized it could be Rod joining me. My hands curled around my waist protectively, preparing for his harsh demeanor to come in and show me a lesson for leaving him alone for this long.


Want More?

Check out my website for what’s next!

