
OF LOVE AND DARKNESS
Twisted Fate Trilogy, Book 1

by TAMI LUND

Cover Design: C.D. Gorri  
Editor: SMP
Copyright: 2022 by Tami Lund

License Notes
All rights reserved. This book is copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes without express, written permission from the author or publisher. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. 
Thank you for your support.

All entities, locations, businesses, etc. in this book are strictly figments of the author’s overactive imagination and are not to be construed as real.

Questions, comments, or desires to seek permission to use any part of this book for your own purposes should be directed to authortamilund@gmail.com. 




OF LOVE AND DARKNESS
Twisted Fate Trilogy Book 1 

There are two kinds of shifters: Rakshasa and Light Ones. Rakshasa want to snack on human bones. Light Ones want to protect the humans. Unfortunately, the Rakshasa are currently winning the battle, as the Light Ones are not fertile. 

Only one type of Light One, exceedingly rare females called Chala, are able to produce offspring. The Rakshasa know this, and have managed to nearly decimate the population. 

Enter anti-hero Gavin Rowan, a cursed Rakshasa who believes he is a Light One. He feels all his Rakshasa urges to kill but has been cursed to protect the Light Ones instead. Throw Sydney Amataya into the mix. She is a Chala—but she doesn't know it. At least not until Gavin saves her from a Rakshasa attack and then declares her his mate. But that's not how Sydney operates. 

Encouraged by her cross-dressing Fate, William, she refuses Gavin's claim. 
If he wants to mate with her—once she gets over the shock of discovering this supernatural world, that is—he's going to have to woo her, impress her, wine and dine her. Romance her. 

She deserves no less, end of the world be damned.


Twisted Fate Trilogy:
Of Love & Darkness
Prim and Proper Fate
Prisoner of Fate


CHAPTER ONE


There was a reason humans feared that which went bump in the night. Shadows in dark alleys, the rustling of dried leaves on an otherwise still night. Basements and dark corridors.
Because the monsters were real.
Gavin Rowan knew this because he was one of the monsters. 
Used to be. He used to be a Rakshasa like the rest of them. A shape-shifter who hunted humans for sport, hunted rare shifters called Chala because that was what his kind were born to do.
Now, thanks to a two-hundred-year-old curse, he hunted his own kind and protected the Chala. If there were even any Chala left to protect. The Rakshasa had done an impressive job over the course of the last millennia, and as far as Gavin had been able to tell, it was likely there were no more Chala to hunt or protect.
So he protected the humans instead. He’d made this area his turf, this urban landscape desperately in need of some sort of champion.
I don’t want to be a champion.
Yet he knew he had no choice. The curse saw to that. Every day, he fought the battle in his head—the need to kill, to torment the humans—against the need to protect them, and to destroy those who would otherwise torture them. He should have gone mad long ago but the one who cursed him had known what she was doing. She knew damn well he would refuse to let her win, would live forever with this internal agony.
Tonight was a good night for his particular plight. There had been a gathering at the convention center, and humans were pouring into the streets, well after dark on a winter’s evening. Gavin knew the Rakshasa were waiting, hiding in the shadows, ever ready. And the humans were so foolish, so hopelessly naïve. They would walk in pairs and singles, and they would tell themselves the shadows weren’t really moving, that the monsters did not really exist.
Gavin drained the last of the coffee in the cup and slipped from the booth. He stretched, pulled a ten out of his wallet, and dropped it onto the table. Silent as a cat, he left the diner and disappeared into the shadows. It was time to do what he did best.
It was time to hunt.



CHAPTER TWO

Sydney Amataya hated working conventions in downtown Detroit. Especially by herself. She was a damn good event planner and was even a decent salesperson. But when it came to directions, she was ten times lousy.
Getting here from the suburbs had taken two full hours, when the GPS said it should have only taken forty minutes. Yes, she’d even used a GPS and still had issues.
Then she parked her car on the street instead of in the attached parking garage. She was saving her employer twenty bucks. It always took them forever to reimburse her anyway.
When the convention was over, she packed up her tabletop display, piled her supplies onto a cart, and wheeled it down to the main lobby. She left it there to go in search of her car, with the intention of pulling it into the circle drive in front of the massive convention center, loading her supplies, then heading home.
It felt like hours since she’d wandered outside on this quest for her vehicle.
She was lost. In downtown Detroit. Alone. With the sun quickly sinking behind the towering old buildings that felt as though they were pressing in on her. Shadows appeared quickly when one was surrounded by high-rises.
She was certain she had parked her car right here. Or maybe here? Or there?
Yep, she was lost. She threw her gloved hands into the air and blew out a frustrated sigh. Her breath came in a puff of white and then quickly dissipated.
Her stepbrother William was going to harangue her endlessly when she got home. If she got home. She couldn’t even use her cell phone to call him to come rescue her, which would normally be her first choice—well, after she worked up the nerve to admit she was lost in the first place. She had stubbornness issues, and didn’t like to admit when she was wrong.
But her phone was dead. She’d taken too many pictures and spent too much time scrolling through Instagram while at the convention, and the phone charger was, of course, in her car. Which she couldn’t seem to find at the moment.
She dug the keys out of the pocket of her thick downy coat and began walking again, pushing the panic button on the key fob, as she’d been doing for what felt like hours already. Her knockoff Uggs were ruined from trudging through the gray slush covering the sidewalks. A heavy, wet snow had fallen while she’d been inside the convention center, and now the sidewalks were treacherous and sloppy. At least she could derive some comfort from the fact that she had chosen to buy thirty-dollar knockoffs instead of the two-hundred-dollar real thing. Plus, they were three years old, so she’d certainly gotten her use out of them.
Small comfort.
She stared down at said boots. Yes, it was true. They truly were no longer salvageable—
The most peculiar feeling washed over her, so intense that she actually came to a stuttering halt and lifted her head, looking around sharply. She had wandered into an alley, she realized with a spike of fear.
I’m never coming downtown alone again.
Sydney tried to decipher the source of the sensation flooding her body, the sense of…awareness. Her nerve endings tingled. Her body was on fire. In the middle of January with temperatures in the teens, she was half-tempted to shed her coat and thick woolen sweater.
She unzipped her coat but the action did nothing to cool the strange feeling. Her body seemed to be warring with itself. Run. Stay. Run.
Run?
“You lost, little girl?” The drawling voice was deep and rusty, as if the owner had just rolled out of bed and had not yet had that first cup of strong, black coffee.
Sydney turned around to face the owner of that voice, and the person whose presence was setting her nerve endings on fire. How she knew he was the source of this strange feeling, she did not know. 
She wrapped her arms around her middle as she watched the man step out of the shadows of the building to her left, and into a pool of yellow light cast by the streetlamp at the mouth of the alley. He was tall and lean, had a swimmer’s build. His shoulders were wide, his waist narrow, and she could see the outline of sharply cut muscle under his dark T-shirt. Mid-January in Detroit, and he wore nothing more than a T-shirt, well-fitted jeans and a thin black leather jacket. His spiky hair was inky black, his skin olive. His eyes, strangely enough, almost appeared to be…glowing.
Sydney blinked several times and cleared her throat before saying, “I was just on my way back to the convention center.”
“From where, exactly?” The amusement in the man’s voice irritated her and helped to tamp the fire in her nerve endings.
“None of your business.” She deliberately turned away from him, praying he wasn’t a rapist or murderer, since the closest thing she had to a weapon on her person were her car keys, and she doubted they would be much use against this guy.
“Lost little girls can get eaten in this area, you know.”
An image of Little Red Riding Hood and the Big Bad Wolf leaped into her head, and she firmly shook it to dislodge the unsettling picture. She was not helpless. And this guy certainly wasn’t a wolf.
Although he’s way too sexy to be human.
Where in the hell did that thought come from? “I told you, I’m on my way to the convention center. I’m not lost.”
The man lifted a sleek black brow in obvious disbelief. “The convention center is four blocks that way.” He shoved his thumb over his shoulder, indicating the other end of the narrow alley Sydney had inadvertently walked into.
Well, at least she was headed in the right direction now.
Huffing out a sigh, she said, “Okay, maybe I am a little lost. Thank you for pointing out the way. Now if you’ll excuse me.”
The man glanced up at the sky. “It’s dark.” 
“I can see that,” she replied tartly.
With a noise that almost sounded like a growl, he said, “Come on. I’ll give you a lift. Is your car parked at the convention center or are you meeting someone there?”
Sydney considered lying and telling him she was meeting someone. Someone with really big muscles. A hockey player. With a black belt. 
“I’m fine. I can get there on my own.”
“No you can’t,” he said flatly. He took a step and as fast as Sydney could blink, he was at her side, his hand clamped around her elbow. And then he guided her toward the street. “We’ll drive. It’ll be safer.”
“I realize Detroit has a poor reputation,” Sydney complained. “But don’t you think you’re being a tad over the top? I mean, I managed to make it this far by myself. I’m sure I can walk four blocks back to the convention center.”
She found herself standing next to a shiny, new, black Camaro. The man bent at the waist and opened the passenger-side door.
“That was sheer luck. And a human’s luck quickly deteriorates when the sun sets. Get in.”
“I’m not getting into a car with a stranger.” She crossed her arms and narrowed her eyes.
The man thrust out his hand and quickly dropped it when she made no move to shake. “Gavin Rowan. Now get in.”
He didn’t wait for another argument. He shoved her into the car, slammed the door, and hurried around to the other side. He slid into the driver’s seat, grabbed her arm as she started to open the door, and then pressed the locks. Sydney immediately aborted her attempt to climb out of the car and began earnestly digging around in her purse.
“What are you looking for?” Gavin asked as he cranked the engine and pressed the gas. The car slid away from the curb and the wheels spun urgently for a moment before finding their grip and rolling down the street.
“My phone. Here it is. Damn it, I forgot the battery’s dead.”
Sydney dropped the phone back into her purse and turned to face the man who was apparently kidnapping her. “I know karate. And I’ve taken a women’s self-defense course.”
“Good to know. Which garage?”
She turned back to the window. True to his word, Gavin Rowan had driven her back to the convention center.
“Er…I didn’t park in the garage. I parked on the street. It was cheaper,” she said defensively when he slid her a look indicating he questioned her intelligence.
He made a slow circuit of the convention center, as Sydney tried to find her car instead of stare at him. It was difficult to do. The man was damn hot. Stripper hot. She wondered if that was what he did for a living.
“I’m pretty sure the car’s going to be out there somewhere,” Gavin commented as he nodded at the passenger-side window.
Embarrassed that she’d been caught staring, Sydney abruptly turned and forced herself to watch out the window instead. “There it is.” 
Relief washed over her when he pulled up to the curb behind her sensible gold sedan. This strange sensation of being on fire was getting to her. She felt flushed and her breathing had become something more akin to panting. What the hell was wrong with her? She’d been in the vicinity of good-looking guys before—although admittedly not often—so why was she acting like a groupie who had been given the privilege of meeting her favorite rock star face to face?
She fumbled for the door handle, desperate to get out of the car. Gavin clamped his hand onto her arm. She could feel the strength in his touch, even through the heavy layers of her coat and the sweater underneath.
“In case you haven’t noticed, it’s pitch black outside now.”
“You sure are obsessed with the dark.”
“You have no idea.”
“Something wrong?” She realized she could feel the tension, radiating off him like a living thing.
Gavin rolled his shoulders as his gaze scanned the nearly deserted street. A traffic signal flashed yellow at the next block, a steady, pulsing rhythm, over and over again. “Just a feeling, that’s all.” He gave her a stern look. “I want you to get into your car, lock the doors, and immediately start the engine. Drive out of Detroit as quickly as you can. Do not stop for any reason until you are in your own driveway.” His voice was like steel. 
Sydney lifted her eyebrows. “I’m fine now, thank you. I’m not going to get molested in my car.”
“Not if you get the hell out of here in a hurry. You’re from the ’burbs, aren’t you?”
“If you’re implying that I have a little more faith in humanity than you do, yes, I do,” Sydney said stiffly. “Thank you for the ride. Have a nice life.” She pushed open the door and slid out, tucking her coat around her so it did not drag on the slushy, oily ground.
She slid one last glance back at Gavin, but he was too busy darting his gaze around the surrounding area, looking for rapists and murderers, apparently. He was certainly nice to look at, but his paranoia was over the top. Sydney told herself the renewed surge of tingles in her nerve endings when she stepped out of the car was relief to be done with the good-looking whack job.
She slammed the car door and walked around the front end toward her own, far-less-flashy and much older Chevy Malibu. Another shiver of awareness chased down her spine, much less potent than the one that hit her just before she met Gavin, but it was enough to cause her to curse him under her breath. His stupid paranoia was starting to affect her. She was five paces from her car. Nothing bad was going to happen.
She finished that thought just as the animal attacked. It leaped out of a nearby alley, growling and displaying a mouthful of razor sharp, pink-tinged teeth.
Blood, Sydney thought dully. Its teeth were stained pink from blood. Her stomach roiled and she opened her mouth to scream but nothing came out. 
She couldn’t even tell what kind of animal it was, precisely. It sort of looked like a bullmastiff, although it was much larger than any dog she had ever seen before. Its fur was blue-black and matted, and its eyes appeared to be black. Three-inch claws scraped the cement under the slush, making muted fingernails-on-chalkboard sounds.
As the animal stalked toward her, its eyes began to glow.
Blinking, Sydney stumbled backward, away from the animal. But she was not imagining it. The dog’s eyes were glowing. Glowing. Her mouth opened and closed, but still no sound came out.
The dog was suddenly tackled from the side by another animal, this one with thick, jet-black fur and a lean build. Sydney saw that Gavin’s car was still parked behind her own, with the driver’s side door hanging wide open. Gavin was nowhere to be seen.
Great. He’s so chicken he just gets out of the car and makes a run for it.
Sydney turned with the intention of rushing to her car to climb inside and get the hell out of this crazy place when she heard a gravelly voice shout, “Look out!”
It sounded like Gavin, but when she jerked her head around, all she saw were two dogs, and one of them was flying toward her. She shrieked and tried to move out of the way, but she wasn’t fast enough. The animal’s front claws caught her on the arm and she felt a searing pain, as her flesh was torn open from shoulder to elbow.
She gasped and dropped to her knees, clutching her arm in an attempt to stop the flow of blood. She could hear the sounds of a scuffle behind her, but the sting was too great for her to focus on anything else. She’d never felt pain like this before, not even when she’d broken her wrist falling off the swing set when she was seven years old.
It was silent for long moments before she realized the two animals had stopped fighting. She risked a quick glance over her shoulder and saw that one of them—the larger, bulkier one—lay on the ground in a pool of blood, its lifeless eyes staring at her, unblinking. Sydney swallowed back bile and turned away from the grisly scene.
And found herself staring at Gavin’s T-shirt-covered chest, as he crouched in front of her and cradled her wounded arm with more gentleness than she would have given him credit for. She tried to wrench her arm free and let out a gasp of pain.
“Stop moving,” Gavin commanded in his gravelly voice. He gently slid her shredded coat off her shoulder, as if he meant to inspect the wound more closely.
“Where the hell were you?” Sydney demanded. “I just got attacked by a rabid dog. A really big dog. I need to go to the hospital. I need a rabies shot. Damn it, that hurts.” She hissed as he ripped off the arm of her sweater, instead of trying to tug the entire thing over her head. 
“Hey,” she protested, “that’s my favorite sweater.”
Gavin gave the sweater a look that indicated he could not quite understand why it was her favorite, and then he prodded the wounds on her arm. Blood poured freely from four long slashes, dripping off the tips of her fingers and onto her now-ruined coat.
“I doubt he had rabies,” he muttered as he continued to inspect the wounds. “And I just rescued you, so you’re welcome.”
Sydney gaped at him. “Rescued me? Rescued me? You ran like a cat when somebody pulls out the water hose, you moron. There were two dogs. One jumped out at me and the other attacked him. They started fighting and I somehow got caught in the crosshairs. We should probably get the hell out of here though, because only one of them is dead back there. The other one might decide to come back and attack us.”
“He won’t,” Gavin said with an odd inflection in his voice. “But you’re right, there are others, and the scent of blood will bring them relatively quickly. Especially your blood. What are you?”
To Sydney’s utter horror, he leaned close to her wounded arm and sniffed, like a dog checking out another dog’s scent.
She gave her arm another jerk, but Gavin held her in a death grip. “What are you doing?” she asked as he bent closer still and then…licked her wounded arm.
“Ew!”
Gavin’s eyes glazed over, as if he had fallen under some sort of spell. He blinked dazedly for a few heartbeats, his hands grasping her arm in a tight enough grip she thought the appendage might go numb. And then he dipped his head and licked her wounds again, this time with earnest, licking over and over, as if he intended to clean up every last bit of blood. By the time the entire area was cleansed of all traces of blood, he was panting heavily and his eyes were still glazed. The bulge in his pants seemed to have gotten larger.
“Gross,” she snapped. “Now I have to get a rabies and a tetanus shot. I hate shots. Can you get hepatitis this way? I bet you have some sort of sexually transmitted disease, and now you’ve given it to me.”
“No disease,” he managed between pants and licks.
“I’m supposed to take your word for it? Get away from me.” She twisted her shoulder, and slid her arm out of a grasp that had gone slack. She was startled that she only experienced a twinge of pain, and when she looked down at her arm, she stared at four long gashes that were no longer bleeding, and in fact, appeared to actually be healing right before her eyes.
“What the…?”
“Chala,” Gavin whispered, his eyes still glazed and—were they glowing? It was the third time that evening she thought she saw glowing eyes. Sydney glanced up at the darkened, cloudy sky and wondered if it wasn’t some trick of the lights in downtown Detroit. 
“Chala,” he whispered again.
Sydney frowned. “My name isn’t Chala.”
“You are a Chala,” Gavin said. The glazed look faded from his eyes, and while they still appeared to glow faintly, they had taken on a far more calculating look. Despite her current situation, she couldn’t help but think he had lovely silver-blue eyes.
“And you are my mate.”
While she mulled over the color of his eyes, he sat on the cold pavement and pulled her into his arms. She was so startled, she didn’t struggle out of his grasp quickly enough and ended up in his lap. As he stroked her cheek and murmured suggestions that involved hot, sweaty sex, Sydney stared up into an unshaven face covered with scratch marks that looked unnervingly like the ones even now fading from her arm. There was also a wound on his neck that appeared as if an animal had bitten him.
“Where were you when those dogs were fighting?” she asked as she struggled to climb out of his lap. It felt good there, too good. His body temperature was elevated, as if he had a fever, and she hadn’t been crazy a short time ago when she imagined the bulge behind his zipper had gotten bigger. She could feel it pressing into her backside, and it was certainly...large. Sydney’s experience with sex was embarrassingly limited, but she was knowledgeable enough to know that size really does matter.
“I was one of those dogs,” Gavin said as calmly as if he were explaining that two plus two really did equal four. “The one that won, obviously.”
She shot out of his lap with a speed that surprised even her. “Oh my God, I just let a crazy man lick my arm. Gross, gross, gross!” She tugged her shredded coat sleeve back over her arm. She didn’t feel nearly as cold as she should, given the fact the outside temperature hovered in the teens.
“It wouldn’t be gross if I wasn’t crazy?”
She held out her arm, palm facing him. “Stop. Do not come any closer. I am going to get into my car now, and go straight to the nearest hospital. Do not follow me. If you do, I’ll tell the hospital personnel that you’re stalking me.”
She slowly backed toward her car, and gave a little shriek when she nearly tripped over the body lying on the ground next to her car.
A human body?
“Ahh! That’s a dead man! A man! He’s dead! A dead man! Ahh!”
In the blink of an eye, Gavin stood in front of her, wrapping his arms around her back and shoving her face into his chest to muffle the sound of her shrieks.
“If you keep screaming like that, even that one will wake up and come after us. Damn, woman, can’t you shut up?”
Sydney abruptly stopped shrieking and gave him a shove. He relinquished his hold and let her out of his arms. She jabbed a finger at the dead man at her feet.
“There was a dog there five minutes ago.” 
Gavin nodded. “We usually revert back to human form when we die.” He shrugged, as if his words made any sense at all.
“We?”
“Yeah. We.”
“You are absolutely crazy. And I’m still talking to you. Which means I have, apparently, gone crazy too. Probably you infected me with your craziness when you licked all the blood off my arm. Which, by the way, was really, really gross.” She wrapped her arms around herself, dimly aware that she felt no pain whatsoever anymore. As if she had never gotten slashed by a dog that was no longer there.
“I’m not crazy, although I’ll admit I do not normally go around licking people’s wounds. Unlike most of my kind, I no longer have a taste for human flesh. But your blood smelled so…tantalizing, I suppose is as good a word as any. I couldn’t help myself. And now I know why. You’re my mate. You are the vessel through which I will repopulate the world with Light Ones. We’ll finally be able to get the Rakshasa population under control, if not destroy them entirely.” He spread his arms wide and grinned, clearly pleased with himself.
Sydney paused for two heartbeats, and then, without saying a word, she turned and strode to her car, wrenched the door open and climbed into the driver’s seat. She dug around in her purse until she found her keys, shoved the car key into the ignition, and cranked.
Nothing.
“Shit.”


CHAPTER THREE

“I can’t believe this is happening to me.”
Sydney sat in the passenger seat of the Camaro, her hand firmly wrapped around the oh shit bar, as Gavin drove the rear-wheel drive vehicle as if there weren’t a thick, slushy coating of snow covering the roads. Every time he came to an intersection where the light was red, the car fishtailed dangerously as he pressed the brakes at the last minute and slammed the car into neutral, and then fishtailed again because he pressed the gas too quickly when the light turned green. He did not appear at all concerned that they might go careening into a light pole or another vehicle at any moment.
Unfortunately, she’d had little choice but to get into the car with him. When her vehicle wouldn’t start, she had demanded he let her use his phone so she could call her stepbrother to come rescue her. He had willingly handed over the phone, but as soon as William picked up, Gavin snatched it back and began talking in his low, gravelly voice. Sydney caught snatches of words like “shifter” and “mate” and “Chala,” none of which made any sense. 
A heated argument seemed to have ensued after Gavin said the word “Chala,” and after a few minutes of fervent discussion, he abruptly handed the phone to her. When she put it to her ear, she heard her stepbrother’s voice reluctantly tell her to let Gavin bring her home.
“What about my stuff?” she had demanded, talking into the phone.
“What stuff?” Gavin had answered. When she explained that her supplies from the display booth at today’s event were still sitting on a cart in the lobby of the convention center, he had made an impatient sound and then drove the block to the building, only to be annoyed anew when her equipment did not fit in his sexy yet compact sports car.
“I could have told you,” she commented when he began cursing.
“Why didn’t you?” was his reply, before he shoved her into the passenger seat of his car, locked the doors, took both sets of keys, and then grabbed the cart and dragged it, presumably, back to her sedan. She had spared a brief moment to contemplate climbing out of the car and hurrying into the building to seek help from someone—anyone—but before she could fully formulate a plan, he was back, sliding into the driver’s seat and cranking the powerful engine.
“You’re fast,” she commented.
“Not always,” he replied, and she was pretty sure it was a sexual innuendo. 
“Do you and William know each other?” she asked, an attempt to distract herself from his frightful driving.
His phone announced their next turn in a sexy, female, computer-generated voice, and Gavin twisted the wheel, causing the car to skid across three lanes of traffic in order to turn left at the next intersection.
“Who’s William?”
Sydney ground her teeth and resisted the urge to growl. “My brother. Stepbrother, actually. The guy you talked to on the phone earlier. Which I guess answers my question, since you don’t even know his name.”
“He isn’t your stepbrother, and no, I don’t know him. Although, I’m not surprised that he comes with the package. Chala are always assigned their own personal Fate, to watch over them until they find a mate.”
The car slid through the next intersection and Sydney held her breath as they nearly sideswiped a pickup truck doing the same thing. Gavin didn’t even break a sweat.
“William is too my stepbrother,” she replied once they were safely through the intersection and her heart dislodged itself from her throat. She ignored the rest of what he said, since none of it made any sense anyway. “His mother married my father when I was thirteen. They both died when I was sixteen.”
“How?”
“Home invasion. Criminals who meant to break in and steal our TV and stuff, but when they discovered my dad and stepmom were home, they killed them and then took off, without even taking anything.”
“Where were you when this happened?”
“William and I had gone on vacation with one of his aunts. I didn’t have any family except my dad, so my stepmom’s family felt sorry for me and let me tag along on their vacations sometimes.”
Gavin snorted. “Feeling sorry for you isn’t why they took you away at that time, Chala. I’m sure they knew, or at least suspected the attack was coming, and they knew they had to protect you.”
“That’s ridiculous. It was a home invasion. I still have the police report. And why do you keep calling me ‘Chala’? What does that even mean?”
“The word loosely translates to mean Mother Goddess. Chala are very rare. Always have been. I wasn’t even sure there were any more left in the world, since the Rakshasa have been so intent upon destroying you.”
“Mother Goddess?” Sydney laughed, the sound coming across slightly hysterical. “You think I’m some kind of goddess? I’m flattered and all, but come on. I’m about as ordinary as you can get.”
“A disguise,” Gavin said dismissively. “I suppose your Fate should be congratulated for that. He’s done a decent job of hiding you from the Rakshasa—from even me, and I’m a Light One. Well, a cursed Rakshasa, but it’s all the same in the end. How old are you, anyway?”
“None of your business.” Sydney sniffed. “What’s a Rakshasa?”
“Shape-shifter. The dark kind. The ones who like to snack on human bones.”
She shook her head. “Shape-shifters aren’t real.”
Gavin reached across the seat and squeezed her thigh. 
Sydney smacked his hand.
“You feel pretty real to me.”
“You’re an idiot. I’m not a Rakshasa.”
“No, you aren’t. You’re a Light One. Actually, you’re a Chala. The rarest type of Light One.”
“I’m not a shape-shifter. I’m not a Chala or whatever you call it, either. I’m just Sydney Amataya, ordinary girl.”
“Regardless of what you look like, you are far from ordinary, Chala.”
Sydney’s lips thinned. She looked ordinary, did she?
“In fact,” Gavin continued, oblivious to her annoyance, “you are really quite extraordinary. Quite possibly the only one of your kind left in the world. And I get to claim you as my mate.” He sounded almost giddy at the prospect, as if he’d won a life-size stuffed animal at the fair.
“I’m not a prize,” Sydney muttered darkly. “And you can’t just claim me.”
“Sure I can. Is this the house?”
Sydney looked out the windshield and nodded.
Gavin whipped the car into the driveway of the basic brick ranch home she shared with William, and skidded to a stop inches from the closed garage door. Ignoring her completely, he unfolded his tall frame from the driver’s seat, strode up the steps of the front porch, and headed toward the door.
Sydney climbed out of the car and hurried after him. “Wait,” she said, recalling that he actually did not know her stepbrother. “I should probably warn you—”
***
A hulking figure loomed behind the glass storm door. Gavin’s steps faltered as his gaze swept over the closely cropped blond hair, smooth-shaven face, narrowed brown eyes, and rigid set of the thick jaw. His gaze travelled south, to take in the muumuu decorated with cabbage-sized flowers visible under a hot-pink satin robe. Thick, tree trunk-like, shaven legs stuck out from under the hem of the muumuu, and feet that were at least a size thirteen were shoved into clearly custom-made hot-pink high-heeled slippers with a fluffy, pink ball of puff on top.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Gavin said as he turned his narrow-eyed gaze to Sydney. “This is your Fate?”
“This is my stepbrother,” she retorted as she shoved past him, jerked open the storm door and allowed herself to be pulled into a hug by the huge man on the other side.
“Fuck me.” Gavin stepped inside behind her.
The muumuu-wearing linebacker sniffed and said, “You aren’t my type. I prefer less…animalistic men, thank you very much.”
“Fates.” Gavin spat the word as he stepped into a small living room done in earth tones. An overstuffed couch in an olive-green color sat against the opposite wall. A flat-screen television hung from one wall, and a muted taupe easy chair was positioned directly in front of it. The coffee table was blond wood and had several artsy-looking books laying on it. Gavin recognized the prints hanging on the walls as scenes from northern Michigan. A variety of framed photos lined the mantel above the fireplace. He suspected they were all of Sydney, in various stages of her life. He had a curious urge to walk over to inspect the pictures.
“Shoes off,” the linebacker barked, and Gavin was annoyed when his limbs froze for several heartbeats. Once the spell wore off, he toed off his hiking boots and kicked them in the general direction of the front door.
Damned Fates. It had been a long time since he’d had to deal with one of them. How could he forget they had their own version of magic, and they weren’t afraid to use it? Based on his terse phone conversation, this one knew who Gavin was. What he was.
“Where the hell is the liquor in this place? I need a frigging drink.” Behind him, he heard the linebacker—William, his Chala called him—mutter something that sounded like, “How could you, Sydney?”
Gavin had no doubt the Fate referred to him. Deciding to give them some space to talk, he stalked through the living room into a bright, almost painfully white kitchen. Before he could open the first cupboard, he spotted the liquor cabinet through an arched doorway leading into a formal dining room done in medium blue tones and more pale wood. The liquor cabinet looked like an antique, at least by human standards. Gavin wondered if the Fate had purchased this bit of furniture when it had been new. Considering the lack of Chala to protect these days, he doubted there were very many Fates being created, so William was probably pretty damn old. 
Gavin flipped over a cut crystal lowball glass, splashed a hefty amount of whiskey into it, then took a generous swallow. With a sigh, he leaned back against the cabinet and contemplated his current situation.
I found my mate.
He’d given up on the possibility seventy-five years ago, when he had been unable to save the last Chala he even knew existed. She had already been mated when he met her, but had been carrying a babe in her womb when she died. Gavin had teamed up with her mate to protect her, secretly hoping the babe would be a female, and hopefully, another Chala. If so, he’d planned to claim her instantly. He was a patient shifter, when necessary. He could wait twenty years or so to bed his mate. He had already waited over a hundred years by that point, what was another twenty?
But he and the Chala’s mate had been unable to fight off the wave of Rakshasa who were determined to kill her. When she died, not surprisingly her mate had been devastated, and as was an unfortunate common practice of Light Ones who lost their mates, had impaled himself with one of the attackers’ knives, leaving Gavin to fend for himself among twenty-eight bloodthirsty Rakshasa. He had barely escaped alive. Because he, too, was a Rakshasa, that should have given him some measure of protection, but he was cursed, and they knew it.
Despite the fact that it had been seventy-five years ago, Gavin could easily bring up a mental image of the Chala he hadn’t been able to save. She had been a dark, sultry beauty with large, heavy breasts and—before she’d begun to grow thick with child—a narrow waist and wide hips. An hourglass figure. Exactly Gavin’s type. He had hoped her child would turn out just like her.
Sydney and William stepped into the kitchen, and Gavin watched William walk over to the refrigerator while Sydney followed in his wake, chattering away, firing questions at him like bullets.
This was his mate?
She was a blond. He had never really been attracted to blonds. She had big blue eyes, cornflower blue, which lent her an air of innocence that definitely wasn’t a turn on. He preferred women who knew their way around a bedroom, and he wondered if she’d ever even spent the night with a man. He should be excited over the prospect of being her first, but the truth was, he didn’t want to be a trainer. He wanted a woman in his bed who took control, who wasn’t afraid to ask for—hell, demand—what she wanted.
Sydney was tall and skinny, too, which was another strike against her. The last Chala he met had been short and curvy. When he indulged with human women, they were always dark, short, and curvy. Sydney was a frigging Disney princess. The ice queen bit was not his thing.
But she was a Chala, quite possibly the last in the world. Her blood had smelled so intoxicating, he had been singularly unable to resist having a taste. At that moment, when he had lapped at her wound as if it were the tastiest bit of chocolate he had ever eaten, he would have gladly laid her on the cold, slushy ground and taken her right then and there. At least while the taste of her blood had been on his tongue, she had been the most beautiful, the most attractive, the most tempting female he had ever come across.
Her blood still sang through his veins, now mingled with his own, but the whiskey burned the taste from his tongue, enabling him to see his situation through less rose-colored lenses. And what a situation it was.
A Chala who, until a short time ago, apparently had no earthly idea what she was. Based on the way she chattered at her Fate, she still didn’t believe what Gavin had told her back in downtown Detroit.
A Chala who was, unfortunately, not really all that attractive, to him, at least. And a Chala who, instead of having a mate to protect her, had her own personal Fate; a guy the size of a Mack Truck who liked to wear skirts. A Fate who had made it clear on the phone earlier that he was none too pleased to learn Gavin had claimed her.
Well, too damn bad. Gavin drained the rest of the whiskey in the glass. Sydney was his. He was nearly four hundred years old. He’d spent more than half his life living with a curse that had him convinced his own damn kind was the enemy. He battled his internal demons because the curse hadn’t taken away any of his Rakshasa urges, it simply overrode them with the need to protect humanity. He, more than anyone, understood how damn lucky a normal Light One had it.
They lived to protect humanity. It was all black and white to them. They weren’t conflicted in the least. They could kill a wave of Rakshasa, go home, take a shower, and then go to bed with a clear conscience.
He, on the other hand, felt guilty for killing his own kind, and then guilty some more for not killing enough of them, and then frustrated and angry that he should feel any guilt at all.
Damned curse.
“Oh, good.” He strolled into the kitchen. “I’m starved.”
William was in the process of assembling a platter of what looked like cheese and crackers. He stiffened as he pulled a bowl of grapes out of the fridge. “This isn’t for you, Rakshasa.”
Gavin ignored the comment and reached around him to snag a handful of grapes. William slapped his hand and the skin where the Fate touched him began to sizzle.
“Damn it!” Gavin jerked his hand away.
“Oh my God,” Sydney said, her voice breathy with unsuppressed awe. “How did you do that?” Her eyes were wide and round again, an almost perpetual state since she spotted the dead Rakshasa on the ground near the convention center.
With her flaxen blond hair and simple sweater and slacks underneath that Pillsbury Doughboy coat, even  with the blood splatters she looked like a twelve-year-old girl. How the hell was he supposed to muster up the desire to bang a Chala who looked too damn young to even be able to produce children?
William cut his gaze to Gavin, and the look he gave spoke volumes: I hate you.
Gavin smirked. “Too damn bad,” he said to William. “She’s mine. I’ve already claimed her.”
William’s mouth fell open. “You slept with him?” he yelped.
“What? No! Are you kidding me? Gross!”
Gavin scowled. “Gross? Is that your favorite word? Do you have any idea how many women I’ve bedded in my three hundred and eighty-seven years? And not a damn one has ever used the term ‘gross’ in reference to what we did together.”
“Luckily, I’m not one of those women and—gross.” She wrinkled her nose. It took another two years off her appearance.
He was mated to a child. Lovely. He wondered if he would even be able to get it up enough to do what was necessary to plant a seed in her womb.
“Wait. Did you just say you are three hundred and eighty-seven years old?”
“Yep.”
She turned to William. “I told you he was crazy.”
Gavin rolled his eyes and snagged another grape. 
William pursed his lips and said, “Sydney, sweetie, why don’t you go down to the basement and get us a nice bottle of pinot grigio?”
“You’re trying to get rid of me.”
“Yes. Now go get the wine.”
A look passed between them, a look Gavin did not understand, and then with a huff, Sydney stomped down the stairs to the basement.
William rounded on Gavin. “A Chala’s scent isn’t recognizable until another shifter draws her blood. Since she hasn’t been around any shifters—ever—that hasn’t happened. So how did you figure out she was a Chala?”
Gavin narrowed his eyes and studied the Fate for a moment before answering. “She was attacked. By a Rakshasa. He sliced her arm.”
William closed his eyes and leaned back against the counter. “You’ve ruined everything.”
“Hey, I’m not the one who cut her.” 
“I have kept her hidden—in plain sight—for the past seventeen years. Other—”
“So she’s thirty?” Sydney had mentioned William came into her life when she was thirteen. Gavin continued to stare at the staircase leading to the basement, picturing the woman who had disappeared down there a moment ago. “Chala age well. She barely looks old enough to have graduated high school.” 
William opened his eyes to glare at him for a few heartbeats before continuing. “Other than the attack that killed her father, we’ve managed to live a peaceful, quiet, shifter-less life. Until now. Until you came along.”
“Like I said, I’m not the one who cut her. Nor am I the one who let a Chala wander around the streets of Detroit alone. Do you have any idea how many Rakshasa live in Detroit?” 
“You’re one of them.” 
“Was,” Gavin admitted. “I’ve been cursed for two hundred years. I’ve killed more of my own kind than I ever killed Light Ones.”
“You’re the one. I suspected as much when we spoke over the phone.” William sighed.
“The cursed Rakshasa? Yeah, I doubt there are very many of us out there.” If he sounded bitter, well, he was.
“That curse is legendary, you know. No one has ever been able to duplicate it since. Prim is one of the most brilliant Fates I have ever encountered.”
“Brilliant. Not exactly the word I would choose to describe her.” Raving bitch. Evil woman. Manipulative, conniving…
“You cannot say you didn’t deserve it. As I understand it, you singlehandedly very nearly decimated our Chala population before she finally cursed you.”
The guilt flooded his senses, like it always did. The urge to rush out the door, head back to Detroit, and destroy a few Rakshasa rode him hard. Even as he mourned the loss of those he had already killed over the past two hundred years.
“Yeah, well, water under the bridge and all that shit.” Gavin strode back into the dining room and poured another shot of whiskey. He drained the glass and thought about his curse.
He wouldn’t wish this curse on his worst enemy. Well, maybe his worst enemy. It was a heavy burden to carry, these urges that were so normal for his kind, yet overridden by an insistent need to actually destroy them. His brothers and sisters. His sire. Laden with guilt didn’t begin to explain it.
William looked so damn smug about Prim’s handiwork that Gavin felt obligated to burst his happy bubble. “I’ve had her blood.” 
William’s lips thinned and Gavin noticed they were painted pink, to match the robe and slippers. A coordinated, cross-dressing Fate. 
After a moment of silence, William spoke. “She doesn’t know. Anything. I’ve kept it all from her.”
“Why?”
“Her father’s last request. I was honor-bound to obey.”
“So her father was a Light One?”
“No. He was human. Basically.”
Gavin glanced at the basement stairs again. “But she’s a Chala. I tasted her blood. I know what a Chala tastes like.”
“Rakshasa don’t mate with Chala. I was under the impression you rather preferred to kill them.” 
“Cursed Rakshasa. I might as well be a Light One.” Except for the Rakshasa urges that were still there, yet he could do nothing about.
“You’ll forgive me if I inform you that you cannot have Sydney.”
“Too late.”
“You haven’t claimed her. Not fully.”
“I ingested her blood. Close enough. The rest will come naturally.”
“Not if I have anything to do with it.”
Unfortunately, he had a fair point, which irritated Gavin. Fates had a lot of powers even they didn’t realize half the time. Prim had been a perfect example. Even she hadn’t expected her spell to work, at least not to the extent that it had.
“So explain how Sydney came to be a Chala, if her father wasn’t a shifter. Did her mother mate with a human? I’ve never heard of that before. Does that mean there are more Chala hidden in plain sight? Actually, that would be pretty cool. Why don’t you introduce me? Maybe I’ll meet one I like better, and you and Sydney can go about your merry way.”
The look on William’s face was pained. “Her mother was human.”
Irritation washed over Gavin as he forced himself to ask the Fate for more information. Fates and Rakshasa had had a contentious relationship since the dawn of time.
Fates were created as guardians to the Chala, who were rare even in the very beginning. Shifters had been created from wolves, but as time passed, they evolved and learned how to shift into the form of humans. It was, generally speaking, easier to get along in the humans’ world when one looked and acted like them. In the beginning, shifters and humans co-existed without issue. Shifters were carnivores, but they preferred to eat four-legged mammals instead of humans.
But as often happened in life, a bad seed was born. A shifter discovered he preferred the taste of human flesh and blood to the deer, antelope, and buffalo his fellow shifters ate. He was expelled from the pack, but he took his mate with him, and over the course of the next several centuries, they begat many offspring, all of whom were taught to crave human flesh instead of other, more natural prey.
Eventually, the Light Ones took on the responsibility of protecting humans from the Rakshasa, as those dark shifters came to be known. And then the Rakshasa learned that only a precious few shifter females were fertile and could therefore bear children. By killing off the Chala, the Rakshasa could thereby wipe out the entire population of Light Ones and eliminate the barrier to their preferred type of entrée.
Rakshasa, apparently, were by far the better warriors, if Sydney was one of the last remaining Chala on earth. Gavin had a big job ahead of him, if he was expected to repopulate the world with Light Ones and Chala. He hoped Sydney was up to it.
He studied the tall, bulky Fate. Fates, like the Light Ones, had done a lousy job at protecting the Chala. 
William sighed dramatically and said, “Her great-great-great-grandmother was a Chala. She never took a mate, although at some point, she bore children with a human, but none were female. She was the last female of her line, until Sydney. Even the First Fate was surprised when Sydney was born a Chala, and the First is rarely taken by surprise.”
William paused, ostensibly to let that bit of information sink in. “I was assigned to her when she turned thirteen, and became a woman, and therefore, mate-able.”
“The day she started her period for the first time,” Gavin said. The moment she became in danger of discovery from the Rakshasa, which was why a Fate was always assigned to a Chala on the day she starts her first period.
Gavin nodded thoughtfully. “All Chala are assigned a Fate until such time as they find a mate.” He waved at William. “Bye-bye. You can go now. Your mission is complete.”
“Who’s going somewhere? What mission?” Sydney emerged from the basement carrying a chilled bottle of pinot grigio. She offered it to William, who busied himself with taking out the cork.
“The only one who is leaving is the Rakshasa here,” William said darkly.
“Uh-uh,” Gavin countered, folding his arms and leaning against the counter. “This Light One isn’t going anywhere. I found my mate, and I intend to stick around and see this thing through.”
“See what through?” Sydney asked. “And stop talking this nonsense about finding your mate. I’m not your mate. I’m not a dog, for God’s sake.”
“He certainly is,” William said slyly, as he lifted a tray laden with food, wine, and three wineglasses. “Let’s retire to the living room, shall we? I hate to nibble standing up.” He flounced out of the room, tottering on his fluffy-toed heels.
Gavin lifted one eyebrow. “Your Fate is a piece of work.”
Sydney glanced at the empty doorway. “William is…certainly unique,” she admitted.
***
They talked well into the night, only because Sydney, who seemed to have an endless supply of questions, wouldn’t let up. And every time Gavin answered, she immediately turned to William for clarification. It was annoying as hell. He was her mate, damn it. She didn’t need to rely on the Fate any longer.
But she did. She relied on him, she leaned on him, she obviously cared for him. Their relationship went much deeper than the few Chala-Fate relationships Gavin had ever experienced. Of course, most Chala knew what they were almost from birth, and understood a Fate’s role in their lives. And most Chala also understood their importance to all of humanity, and were usually thrilled when they met their mate, and were more than happy to begin the process of begetting children. Children who would pick up the fight against the Rakshasa, perhaps even finally win a battle that had been raging for more years than most could count. Wouldn’t that be something? What an honor to stand around at the local tavern and boast that your children were the ones who finally decimated the Rakshasa population.
Gavin felt the usual stab of guilt at thinking such thoughts. That was the curse talking, he knew, but the curse was more powerful than he was, and the curse insisted he do everything he possibly could to destroy his own kind. Obviously, the curse also gave him a Light One’s impulse to mate with a Chala, even a Chala he wasn’t particularly attracted to.
Although she was, in a sweet, oddly endearing way, sort of attractive at the moment. She leaned back against the couch, snuggled into a corner, with her ankles crossed on top of the coffee table. She’d taken off the thick, puffy coat and changed clothes. She now wore a pair of yoga pants and a slim-fitted, long-sleeve T-shirt with a pair of striped fleece socks on her feet. Her hair was mussed from leaning against the couch, and her lids drooped over those big blue eyes. Her pink rosebud lips pouted slightly, lending her a faintly sensual look.
What would it be like to kiss her? His cock twitched. Maybe bedding her wouldn’t be such a hardship after all.
He thought back to the beginning of the conversation they’d had once the wine was poured. The first question had barely been out of Sydney’s mouth before William had demanded to know why she’d gone downtown by herself.
“I told you I had to work that convention,” Sydney had said, clearly affronted. “Besides, you weren’t even home when I got up this morning.” She had narrowed her eyes at that point. “Where were you, anyway?”
Gavin had been amused when William’s ears turned red and he became unnecessarily fascinated with the pattern on the curtains on the other side of the room. He had been impressed despite himself when Sydney finally wheedled the truth out of the less-than-forthcoming Fate.
“The karaoke bar? You went home with some random guy you picked up at the karaoke bar? And spent the night?” She had been utterly indignant.
Gavin had to bite his cheek to keep from laughing.
“He wasn’t random. It was Mitch.” His voice had softened when he said the name. Even Gavin had recognized the signs of an unrequited crush.
“Oh, William,” Sydney had said at that point, shifting so she sat more closely to him. She slid one hand under both of his and stroked the top one with her other hand. “Not Mitch. You know how he is. He’ll never commit to a relationship. Why do you torture yourself so?”
“I didn’t know Fates were interested in relationships,” Gavin had commented at that point. His input had been rewarded with cold looks from both Sydney and William.
“Of course we’re interested in relationships. Everyone wants to feel loved. It’s just extremely difficult for a Fate to find. Most of our association is with our charges and humans, and humans of course do not understand our world. Besides, they all live such short lives. It’s so hard when it’s time to let them go.”
This distracted Sydney from William’s transgressions the night before. She seemed to comprehend for the first time that William believed the same thing Gavin did, or at least, that William believed he also was not human.
“You are too human,” Sydney had insisted. “And so am I.” She had stolen a glance at Gavin, who lounged in the plush, taupe chair, with his feet also propped on the coffee table. “Him, I’m not so sure about.”
Gavin lifted an eyebrow in polite disbelief. “You can’t believe you and William are not human, yet you’re convinced I’m not?”
Sydney shook her head. “You were obviously sent from hell. To torture me for some past transgression. I’m not sure what I did to deserve this, but I swear, whatever it was, I’ll never do it again.”
It had taken him several heartbeats to realize she was speaking tongue-in-cheek. He scowled at that point, and coolly suggested William had best explain, before Gavin simply carted her into a back room and showed her just how not-human he was.
The Fate had obviously dealt with his fair share of Rakshasa, because he immediately launched into a stilted tale of how Sydney’s great-great-great-grandmother had once been a Chala, but she had never actually mated with a shifter as she was supposed to and blah, blah, blah.
Gavin dozed off at some point during the explanation, which took an exceptionally long time because Sydney was determined not to believe any of it. He was jolted awake by the sound of her gently sobbing onto William’s shoulder as he held her in his arms and patted her back, murmuring reassuring words. Gavin had an unnatural urge to tug her from William’s arms and offer his own comfort. He decided it was because she was a Chala, and he had been the one to claim her. She was his to comfort. Why was the damned Fate still there anyway?
“Why haven’t you left?” 
William gave him a dirty look. Sydney pushed herself away from his chest and sat up, wiping her tearstained cheeks with the back of her hand. A tissue appeared in William’s hand and he offered it to her. She used it to mop her face and blow her nose.
“Why is he asking you that?” she wanted to know.
“Because you’re mine to protect now, not his. A Fate is only assigned to a Chala long enough for her to find a mate. I’m your mate, so why is he still here?”
“Is that true?” she asked William, followed immediately with, "How did you get to be my, er, Fate, anyway?”
The smile William offered was genuine. “I was the luckiest of all the Fates.”
Sydney’s lips twitched, and Gavin felt an interesting sense of relief that she was no longer outright crying.
“So you’re not human. Were you ever?”
William nodded, slowly.  “Yes. A very long time ago. During a time when men of my persuasion did not garner much respect.”
“What? Like yesterday?” Gavin interjected.
William glared. “You happen to be one of those people who doesn’t respect my sexual persuasion.”
Gavin shrugged. “I don’t give a shit what you do, or who you do it with. All I care about is who she’s sleeping with.” He stabbed his finger in Sydney’s direction. 
Sydney threw him a nasty look before turning her focus to William. “How did you become a Fate?”
“The decision is pre-determined, practically from birth. Only those who have the utmost respect for humanity, who believe unfailingly in the good of others, are selected. Well, were. It’s been quite a long time since a Fate has been created. Our purpose in this world is to protect the Chala, and as all of us here are aware, there aren’t many job openings these days.” 
Gavin growled when the man glanced in his direction.
“So is what he said true?” Sydney asked. “You’ll leave when I find my, er, mate?” 
Gavin didn’t appreciate the stab of guilt that dragged through him at the look on her face. Damn it, this wasn’t his fault. It was the way of their world.
William sighed heavily. “Normally, yes. But your circumstances are different…” He lifted his gaze to glare at Gavin. “Although it is entirely possible that you and this cursed Rakshasa are not truly mated.”
“That’s a relief,” Sydney muttered.
Gavin threw her a dark look and said, “Not likely. I tasted your blood. You are a Chala. The other option was for me to eat you. Since I didn’t do that, we’re obviously mated.”
Once again, she looked to William for confirmation.
“Well, normally Rakshasa do eat Chala, if they come across one,” he admitted. “Or at least kill them. The last thing they want is for the world to become populated with more Light Ones.”
“Maybe I’m not really a Chala,” Sydney said, a twinge of hopefulness in her voice. “You said I wasn’t born the normal way. Maybe I’m…I don’t know. Some kind of anomaly.”
Gavin supposed he ought to be glad she had moved from assuming she was human to believing she was an anomaly. But by that point, he was tired and irritated by how exceptionally long it had taken for her to come to such a conclusion. And she still had yet to accept the fact that she was his mate.
“You aren’t a bloody anomaly,” he snapped, just as William said, “Actually, you are an anomaly.” Gavin scowled. William ignored him.
“First of all, cursed or not, you should not be attracted to him,” William said, jabbing his finger at Gavin.
“I’m not,” Sydney said, even as her cheeks heated.
Gavin knew his grin was lecherous.
“And secondly, if a cursed Rakshasa feels the urge to mate with a Chala, then Prim was a far more impressive Fate than even I gave her credit for.”
“You have no fucking idea,” Gavin growled, as he thrust himself from the chair and began prowling the room like a caged animal.
“Why don’t you enlighten us?” William said. When Gavin didn’t speak, William slyly suggested he might actually believe Gavin’s claim if he explained how he came upon his curse in the first place. 
Gavin snagged his glass of wine from the coffee table and drained it before resuming his prowling. “I was the leader of the North American Rakshasa pack, for a time,” he finally admitted. He stole a quick glance at his audience. Sydney looked horrified, which was annoying since she did not even truly comprehend how bad that really was. William looked oddly sympathetic.
“We pillaged unchecked for almost a century. I’ve killed countless Chala in my time. Your Fate said it earlier and he’s right. I singlehandedly managed to nearly decimate the population.” Why he admitted this to the Chala who was meant to be his mate, he had no idea. He glanced at the wine and wondered if William had added a truth-telling potion to his glass. He wouldn’t put it past the Fate.
“And with the decimation of the Chala comes the decimation of the Light Ones,” William explained quietly, his gaze on Gavin. “Rakshasa are unfortunately stronger and better warriors than Light Ones. By reducing the population, it makes it easy for the Rakshasa to overcome them, and eventually, wipe them out altogether.”
“What happens if the Light Ones are wiped out?” Sydney asked.
Gavin shrugged one shoulder and watched as William refilled his wineglass. “Eventually, I imagine, so would the human population be wiped out. They are, after all, a delicacy to us. And such easy prey. Without the Light Ones to protect them, they become lambs to our wolves.”
“You say ‘our’ as if you’re still a Rakshasa,” Sydney pointed out. “But you didn’t eat me or kill me or whatever. You just licked my wound.” She shuddered. “And acted like you liked it.” She made a face.
“I did like it,” Gavin retorted. “And my saliva healed your wound, so you’re welcome. And by the way, that’s even more proof that you are my mate. And to answer your unasked question, that’s part of the curse. Your Fate’s dear friend Prim cursed me to feel all the emotions, the needs, the conscience of a Light One, while maintaining all of my Rakshasa mentality. I still want to eat you. I still crave the taste of human blood. I simply can’t do anything about it, and in fact, I’m compelled to protect those I crave, and to kill my own kind in the process. Curses are not very pleasant bedfellows.” He twisted his lips into a wry smile, picked up the refilled wineglass, and drank deeply.
“Why?” William asked. “Why did Prim curse you, instead of simply killing you?”
“For one thing, she wasn’t foolish enough to believe she actually could kill me,” Gavin said without a trace of overconfidence. What he said was simply the truth.
“She had been assigned to one of the last dozen or so Chala left in the world. By then I’d made it my personal mission to destroy every last one of you. It was…a game to me, I suppose. But Prim proved to be a worthy adversary. She always kept one step ahead of me. I admit, it was fun, tracking her and her unmated Chala. I doubt they slept very well, for those few years.” He could feel the lure of the old memories, simmering just below the surface of the curse, which roared at him for his past transgressions.
“But then the Chala met her mate, and Prim knew her time with her Chala was limited. While Prim had been a worthy adversary, the Chala’s mate would not be. She actually tried to keep them from mating, but it was, I suspect, a love union and they refused to be kept apart. Eventually, Prim’s time was up, and so was her Chala’s. Prim was furious, and vowed to seek revenge.”
“Wait,” Sydney said, sitting on the edge of her seat, listening as rapturously as if he were telling a fascinating and harrowing fairytale. Interesting that she wasn’t more horrified by what he’d done. And to her own kind, no less. Hell, he might have killed the Chala who was her great-great-great grandmother.
“But Prim didn’t curse you then. And you killed her Chala. And probably the Chala’s mate.”
“I didn’t kill the mate. He killed himself. The Light One’s curse, I guess. If a Light One is lucky enough to mate to a Chala, and that Chala dies, the Light One more often than not kills himself out of despair.”
“That’s stupid,” Sydney said so flatly that Gavin had to laugh.
“Don’t believe in love that runs so deeply, Chala?” he mocked.
“No, I don’t. Plus, it’s stupid to kill yourself just because your mate died. You’ll get over it eventually, and find someone else, no matter how in love you were.”
“Interesting perspective. I’m glad to know you’ll find a way to carry on, should I die an untimely death.”
“That would be no problem for me,” Sydney retorted, “since I’m not your mate. So how was Prim able to exact her revenge?”
Gavin frowned and opened his mouth to argue that she was too his mate, but he knew it was useless. She would figure it out, once she carried his babe in her belly.
“Prim holds a grudge. It took her another three decades, but she finally exacted her revenge. She got herself assigned to what truly, quite possibly was one of the last Chala in North America.” He frowned as he studied Sydney’s features. Maybe that Chala had been her great-great-great-grandmother. But he hadn’t killed that particular Chala. She was the only one who got away, before Prim cursed him. The irony of his current situation did not escape him.
“She even used that Chala as bait, to lure me to her. I had grown rather cocky and over-sure of myself, so I had no fear that Prim would have come up with a way to lay truth to her words. Fates are not usually so cunning as Prim.”
“What happened?” Sydney asked breathlessly.
Gavin had an interesting urge to give her the fantastical story she obviously craved. But he told her the truth instead. “I met Prim in a local tavern, where I knew she was hiding her Chala. She wanted to meet me, face to face, I assumed, to attempt to negotiate for the life of her Chala. I agreed to meet her simply out of amusement. She rendered me immobile, just like your Fate, William, here did earlier, and then she began her little chant, reciting the curse. By the time the immobility wore off, the curse had taken effect. I was rendered utterly unable to harm a human, a Light One, or a Chala, even though I still had the urge to do so. Prim paraded her Chala right in front of me and out the tavern doors, and I was unable to do a damn thing about it.” Gavin sipped at his wine, the memories swirling in his head. He hadn’t spoken of that incident in so long, doing so now made it feel as real as if it had happened yesterday, instead of two hundred years ago. The frustration, the anger, and most of all, the disbelief. 
William furrowed his brow. “As I recall, Prim’s last Chala assignment was—”
Gavin cut him off.
“It doesn’t really matter, does it? I lost my ability to kill Chala, and with it, my status as the leader of the Rakshasa. It took me another few years of frustration and pain to figure out the other side of the curse: that I was supposed to kill my own brothers and sisters, to protect humanity. It wasn’t good enough for Prim that I was simply unable to kill innocents any longer. She took it a step further and set me up so I would potentially be the one to decimate my own kind. What comes around, and all that, I suppose.” He drained the glass of wine, as he recalled the first brother he’d killed, his own actual, blood brother. If Prim only knew how much pain she had caused him over the years.
“I have got to learn that curse,” William said in awe.
Gavin scowled and wished he could decimate William. But it was impossible, of course. Fates couldn’t die, because Fates weren’t really alive in the first place. If he snapped William’s neck, the Fate would just disappear and reappear a few hours later, healthy and whole as ever.
“Let me see if I understand this correctly,” Sydney said, her face screwed up in obvious concentration. “Chala are so important to humanity that they are assigned Fates who protect them?”
William and Gavin both nodded.
“Fates obviously have some magical powers or something, which help them to protect the Chala.”
Again, both men nodded.
“Do Chala have any magical powers of their own?”
Gavin shrugged and looked to William for an answer. “Chala are shifters, too, although you lost the ability to shape-shift many, many centuries ago. But you still have magic in your system, and it manifests itself in other ways.”
“Why can’t Chala shape-shift?” Sydney asked.
“Because your responsibility is to produce children. More Chala and more Light Ones to protect humanity. The ability to change form was lost over time because so few Chala actually did it, since they were more often than not either pregnant or taking care of a newborn.”
“So Chala are baby-making factories?”
Both men nodded again.
“Okay, the Fate protects the Chala until her mate comes along. Then the protection is handed over to the mate, who may or may not be capable of the job. Right?”
Gavin and William exchanged an uneasy glance before both nodded. Sydney’s tone had changed from confused to…determined. Possibly bordering on angry.
“And the Chala is just supposed to hang out, let everyone else fight her battles, and then play the good little barefoot and pregnant housewife, and hope her husband can protect her from all the bad shifters in the world, while she continues to pop out little shifter babies. Am I right?”
Gavin nodded again, pleased that she’d been able to sum it up so succinctly, while William fidgeted, his gaze on some fascinating bit of the wall across the room.
“Sydney, you don’t quite understand—”
She cut William off with a slash of her hand. Gavin could have sworn he felt a shimmer of magic, which he found intriguing. The little Chala was growing up, and quickly, it would seem.
“Oh, I think I understand perfectly,” she said, as she pushed off the couch and strode around the coffee table to stand directly in front of Gavin. She stabbed him in the chest with her finger.
“I am not a baby-making factory, do you understand me? My sole purpose in this world is not—I repeat—not to spread my legs and produce a gaggle of children for you. And I will be damned if I’m going to sit back and let either one of you protect me from some unknown terror. I want to protect myself. And if you aren’t willing to teach me, I’ll find someone who will. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to bed. Good night.” And with that, she flounced out of the room.
Gavin turned to William. Annoyingly, the Fate looked amused. “Why are you grinning?” he demanded irritably. “She was talking to you too, you know.”
“I know,” William said. “Because I taught her to be that way.” And then he laughed, a great booming laugh that fit his large physique much better than the muumuu did.

CHAPTER FOUR

As Sydney slowly emerged into consciousness, she became aware of a satisfying sense of warmth in the bed with her. As it was January, and William had the thermostat set at sixty at night because he insisted he slept better when it was cooler, Sydney expected to be cold, as usual, first thing in the morning.
But she wasn’t. She was toasty and warm. And her body tingled in places that hadn’t tingled very often in her life. The bed rumbled steadily, as if a distant train was chugging down the tracks. Or as if there was a cat sleeping with her. The steady rhythm made her drowsy again, and she snuggled more firmly against the source of the warmth and burrowed her head more deeply into her pillow, sighing contentedly.
When she felt a hand slip under her arm and cup her breast, she shot into a seated position so quickly, her head spun for a minute. She blinked away the white dots and glared at the person lying next to her.
“Get out of my bed,” she snapped at Gavin.
He rolled onto his back and stretched deeply. She turned her head away from the sight of his bare chest, with those taut and tempting muscles. He waited for her to look back again before he blatantly adjusted his crotch. She scowled.
“You were the one snuggling into me. I assumed you finally wanted to consummate our relationship.”
“You were warm. And I didn’t know it was you. And what do you mean, ‘finally’? We haven’t even known each other for twenty-four hours.”
Gavin shrugged. “Most Chala are more accommodating than you when they meet their mate.”
Sydney ignored that. “Why are you in my bed in the first place? I did not invite you into my bed.” And he hadn’t been there when she’d fallen asleep early, early this morning. A quick glance at the alarm clock told her she’d gotten only five hours of sleep last night. And she had to go into the office in a couple hours, and then work an event this evening. It was going to be a very long day.
“You’re my mate. I have every right to sleep in your bed. I have every right to other things, too. Be glad I didn’t demand my rights in that arena, as well.”
Sydney’s face no doubt registered her horror. “You would seriously rape me?”
Gavin mouth twisted, like he was sucking on a lemon. “Of course not,” he snapped. And then he slyly added, “It’s not rape if you’re begging for it.”
She shoved him out of the bed, then clambered over the other side and was out of the room before he managed to untangle himself from the sheets. She stepped into the hall bathroom and then deliberately locked the door before taking a shower and preparing for the day.
Gavin was prowling the hall when she opened the door and allowed the steam to billow out. He scowled at her as he pushed past her and slammed the bathroom door behind him.
“Just so you know, I can get through these pitiful locks,” he called through the thin slab of wood. She was pretty sure he growled, too.
She rolled her eyes and returned to her bedroom to get dressed. After pulling on a pair of black slacks and a red and black polka dot button-down shirt, she sat down at the vanity and fixed her hair and makeup. By the time she wandered into the kitchen, Gavin was sitting at the counter, nursing a cup of black coffee, and William stood at the stove, making breakfast. He’d changed out of the muumuu and wore a bright yellow dress with a thin black belt and black piping at the neckline and hemline. His military-style buzz cut was covered by a wig comprised of shoulder-length black hair with severely straight cut bangs and a flip at the ends. He was a ’50s housewife with broad shoulders and a thick waist.
“I can do that, if you’d like,” Sydney offered as she poured herself a cup of coffee and doctored it with cream.
“I got it,” William said gruffly, so she reluctantly sat down on a stool next to Gavin.
She knew William tended to cook when he was upset, and he was not at all pleased to have Gavin in their lives. Well, that made two of them…sort of.
Gavin wore clothes obviously borrowed from William: a thermal waffle weave shirt that was two sizes too big and a pair of baggy jeans. His hair was spiky and still wet from a recent shower, and he hadn’t bothered to shave. Sydney’s heart rate quickened slightly, which annoyed her. She didn’t want to be attracted to—to whatever he was.
One thing he wasn’t: her mate. It wasn’t a given. She had a right to choose her own partner in life. While she had—mostly—come to terms with everything else they told her last night, Sydney refused to accept that just because Gavin happened to lick her wound meant he was her mate.
Where was the romance in that? She, like she assumed most women did, dreamed about the day she found her soul mate. In her dreams, her soul mate was romantic and sweet and loving and affectionate, showering her with attention and gifts and taking her out to dinner and plays, ice-skating in the winter and bike riding in the spring. He would adore her and compliment her, and she wouldn’t be able to help but fall in love with him.
Curiously, her dreams never actually formulated a specific look for this fantasy soul mate. It was more about the way he treated her and romanced her and flirted with her than the way he actually looked. Looks, she felt, were far less important than the way her dream man treated her.
And then along came Gavin. He was as attractive and sexy as the day was long, but he hadn’t done anything in the way of romancing her, and he had yet to give her any sort of compliment. He’d licked her frigging arm and then declared her his mate. And he had such a thick, hard erection at the time that she imagined if she had suggested it, he would have banged her right there in the middle of the sidewalk. Sleazy and lecherous, definitely. Romantic and sweet? Not by a long shot.
They sat in silence until William turned around and with a flourish, slid two plates onto the counter in front of them. Each plate was laden with a giant omelet and a peeled orange. Gavin took a generous bite and said, “Where’s the meat?”
William smiled innocently.
“So do you guys eat humans because it’s, like, a necessary part of your diet? Or is it really just for fun?” Sydney asked.
Gavin devoured the vegetarian omelet and the orange and drank three cups of coffee. “It’s part sport and part sustenance. It’s like killing a deer or an elk. Actually, the Rakshasa in Africa prefer the wild game to the humans. There’s more sport to it, because there’s fewer game. Plus, there are some diseases that make humans far less palatable.” He made a face.
“It’s so weird to think that you used to want to hunt me down and eat me, and now you want to mate with me.”
“I still want to hunt you down and eat you,” Gavin qualified. “Only now I want to eat a specific part of you. And if you ever suggest a game of chase, I’d probably last about five seconds after I caught you.”
Her cheeks went warm and Sydney turned away from him so he wouldn’t see. The doorbell rang, and William strode through the room to check the front door. Gavin sniffed the air and started to slide off his stool. Sydney grabbed his arm and held him in place.
“What is it? Rakshasa? Did they find us?” 
Gavin shrugged off her hand and shook his head. “Not Rakshasa,” he muttered as he followed William. Not wishing to miss the action, Sydney hurried after him. 
“I know she’s here,” she heard an unfamiliar male voice say, rather insistently. 
“And how do you know she’s here?” William asked. His full figure blocked the door, so that whoever was on the other side could not get past, but neither could Sydney see who it was.
“I can smell her.” She heard someone take a deep breath. “Pheromones. She smells like heaven,” the man on the other side of the door crooned.
Gavin turned his head and lifted one eyebrow, a silent, mocking salute to, apparently, Sydney’s pheromones. 
Sydney surreptitiously sniffed at her pit.
“Pheromones?” she asked Gavin. “Can you really smell me?”
Gavin made a display of sniffing at her, leaning close and nuzzling her neck. She batted him away. “Yep,” he said. “I can smell you. Lavender, right?”
Sydney rolled her eyes.
“There she is!” William was forcibly shoved to the side by a man who was half his size. The man had shaggy brown hair, an unshaven face, and a slight build. He looked rumpled, as if he’d slept in his clothes. But his pale blue eyes were glowing in the same way Gavin’s had when he licked Sydney’s wound yesterday.
“My mate!” The man literally dove at Sydney. 
Gavin casually lifted his arm and clothes-lined him, sending the man sprawling on his back on the floor of the foyer.
“Gavin,” Sydney admonished as she pushed past him and kneeled next to the man, who cupped his neck and gasped for breath. “I thought you were supposed to protect humanity?”
“He isn’t human,” Gavin responded.
Sydney hesitated as she reached for the injured man. “What is he?”
“Light One,” William supplied as he closed the front door. “I told you she wasn’t your mate,” he said to Gavin.
Gavin scowled. “She is too my mate. But Light Ones are stupid. Until we consummate the relationship, they’ll keep showing up, trying to prove themselves to her, hoping she’ll reject me in favor of one of them.” He looked at her as if he were giving serious contemplation to hauling her back to the bedroom and just getting the deed over with.
“I can reject you?”
“No,” Gavin said flatly, and he kicked the shifter lying on the floor.
“Hey,” Sydney protested as she moved so she was between Gavin and the prone man. “If you’re really cursed, then how come you were able to hurt this guy?”
“All’s fair in love and war. He challenged me for my mate. Doesn’t matter what he is in that respect.”
“I’m not your mate,” Sydney said. “And he didn’t challenge you. He was, well, I’m not sure what he was doing. But I don’t think he even realized you were there.”
“Mate!” The man on the floor suddenly sat up and wrapped his arms around Sydney, dragging her down on top of him.
“Hey.” She struggled to get out of his grip, twisting her head to glare at Gavin. “A little help would be nice.”
He folded his arms over his chest and grinned. “He isn’t challenging me.”
“You are such an ass.” Sydney turned back to the man who was clinging to her as if she represented life itself. He lifted his hands, clutched her face, and pulled her close for a kiss, thrusting his tongue into her mouth when she opened it to protest.
A moment later, Sydney lay on the floor alone. She looked around and saw Gavin standing near the wall, his hand around the neck of the guy who’d just kissed her. The man’s feet kicked helplessly, three inches off the ground. His face was a mottled purple color.
“Gavin, put him down,” she demanded as she climbed to her feet.
“He kissed my mate,” Gavin growled, his glowing silver-blue eyes staring intently at the choking man flailing before him. Gavin wasn’t even breaking a sweat. Apparently, his self-confidence was fully earned.
“Put him down,” Sydney commanded in a firmer voice. To everyone’s surprise, including Gavin’s, based on the look on his face, he released the man, who crumpled to the floor in a heap.
Gavin glared at her. “How the hell did you do that?” 
“I didn’t do anything.” 
“Bullshit. I could have killed him. For the first time in two centuries, I could have killed a Light One. But you stopped me. How?”
Sydney looked down at her hands, as if they would give her the answer. “I have no idea.” 
“Fascinating,” William murmured, as he bent and helped the half-conscious shifter to his feet.
***
Half an hour later, the Light One, whose name was Nate Guizman, lay on the couch with an ice pack draped over his throat, and Sydney fussing over him as he hoarsely stammered apologies for his behavior.
“He needs to leave,” Gavin growled while he stood near the kitchen with his arms crossed, glaring at the man and woman on the couch.
“Actually, Sydney is the only one who can make him leave,” William said, not even pretending that he wasn’t enjoying himself.
What he said was not entirely true. Gavin was pretty sure William could make the Light One leave, if he were so inclined. But it was obviously much more fun watching Gavin suffer.
“I’m her mate.” 
“As you so helpfully pointed out earlier, another shifter could come along and win her hand, until you consummate the relationship.” And if William had anything to do with it, no doubt that was exactly what would happen.
William’s eyes went soft and then a moment later, he shuddered.
“What the hell’s wrong with you?” Gavin asked, looking down his nose, even though the two men were nearly the same height. 
“Nothing,” William said stiffly. “Except that I’m going to be late for work if I don’t leave soon.”
“You work?” Gavin asked. “Wearing that?”
William sniffed and smoothed the front of his poodle skirt. “What else would you expect me to wear to work?”
“Pants. A shirt. Your dick.”
“You are far too vulgar for Sydney. She doesn’t like a lot of testosterone, and you have it coming out your ass.”
“There’s only one thing coming out of my ass,” Gavin replied. “My testosterone’s located in a different area. I’d offer you some, but I’d be afraid it might cause you to grow hair on your face.”
“Go to hell, Rakshasa.” 
“Too late. I’m already there.”
William thrust his nose in the air, flounced over to the couch, and crouched next to Sydney. “I have to get to work, sweetie,” he said in a low voice. He shot a quick glance over his shoulder. 
Gavin stayed where he was, blatantly eavesdropping. 
“Will you be okay, alone with him?”
“We aren’t alone,” Sydney said, indicating the man lying on the couch staring up at her with adoration shining in his eyes.
“I’ll protect you,” Nate swore. “Just name it, I’ll do anything.” 
“Like I said. Alone.”
Sydney rolled her eyes. “I’ll be fine. Besides, I have to go to work myself. I can handle him for the next hour or so.”
William grabbed her hand. “Now that you know what you are—what we all are—I can tell you this. If you are in danger, just think of me. Picture me in your head, a clear picture, and I’ll be there. It’s one of the advantages to being a Fate. I’ll have a lot of explaining to do at work the next day, but your life and your safety are so much more important.”
“I’ll be fine,” she said again, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze, before pushing him away.
After William left, Sydney went into the kitchen to make tea for Nate, who, as far as Gavin was concerned, was totally milking his injury to ensure Sydney paid attention to him. Gavin entered the living room, snagged the television remote off the coffee table and dropped into the plush easy chair. When Nate suggested he turn on some cooking show, Gavin deliberately turned the channel to ESPN.
When Sydney returned with a cup of hot tea laced with honey, Nate accepted it graciously and lightly complained that Gavin was hogging the remote. Sydney glared at Gavin as the television channel switched to the cooking show Nate had requested earlier. With a muttered curse, Gavin tossed the remote at Nate and stormed out of the living room.
What the hell is happening? He restlessly paced Sydney’s bedroom as he considered the two instances where strange things happened to him seemingly through Sydney’s thoughts. At least, he assumed it was Sydney. Granted, those strange things hadn’t started happening until after Nate appeared on their doorstep, but no male shifter, light or dark, had the ability to control things with his mind.
Female shifters, for that matter, did not normally possess the ability to control things with their minds, either. But Chala were different. Always had been. No one truly understood the extent of their magic, not even the Chala themselves. If they had, their population would not be almost completely annihilated at this point.
He gave brief consideration to the cross-dressing Fate, but quickly dismissed the idea that William had been behind the strange little nuances. William had been at work when the television channel changed, despite the fact that Gavin was holding the remote. It had to be Sydney.
He had more experience with Chala than anyone who wasn’t mated to one. He’d spent several years with the Chala and her mate that he’d been unable to save, seventy-five years ago. Her name was Gloria, and her mate was Hernandez.
They had been easy enough to live with, at the time. Gloria had been a spitfire of a woman, highly demanding and not afraid to call either Hernandez or Gavin out when they weren’t paying her enough attention. But she had been funny, too, and she had been an amazing cook, and she had been wise beyond her years. She had come from a long line of Chala, and her family had a tendency to birth females instead of males, which was why Gavin had been hopeful she would produce him a mate someday.
He never met Gloria’s Fate, as she and Hernandez had already been mated when Gavin stumbled upon them. But Gloria always spoke fondly of her Fate. He had been like a favorite teacher from whom she learned a great deal about her own species, as well as Gavin’s, and the relationship between the two.
A Chala, he had learned from Gloria, knew her mate before he even realized what she was. It was like an internal alarm, she explained. The first time she saw Hernandez, before they actually met, she swore her nerves tingled and lust roared through her system like a freight train.
When he had first spotted Sydney, standing in that dark alley, looking frightened and utterly lost, she sure as hell hadn’t appeared as if a freight train of lust was roaring through her system.
Gloria told him lots of other things, too, about what sex was like between a Chala and her mate, and how a Chala’s mate was essentially a homing device for a Chala. A lighthouse of sorts. No matter where a Chala was in the world, or how far away she was from her mate, she could always find him. Always.
Sydney had gotten lost four blocks from the convention center in downtown Detroit. He doubted anything could act as a beacon or a lighthouse for her.
But he wondered about the sex. He’d felt a surge of lust, of course, when he licked Sydney’s wound. But when that rush was over, he hadn’t felt particularly attracted to her. At least, he thought he hadn’t. But when she had been lying half-asleep on the couch, and when he crawled into bed with her and she unconsciously rolled over and curled into him, when she stepped out of the steamy bathroom this morning, and when he nuzzled her neck and pretended he hadn’t been affected—he had. In fact, he’d had a perpetual hard-on since yesterday evening. Since the moment his tongue touched her blood. He wanted her, despite the fact she wasn’t at all his type.
He wanted her because she was a Chala. His Chala. His mate.
The woman in question stepped into the room, closed the door, and then stood there, wringing her hands, clearly nervous about something. What was she nervous about? Had she had finally come to her senses, and planned to tell him she wanted to mate with him after all?
“Gavin, I have to go to work in a little while.”
He arched an eyebrow. She frowned.
“I’ve invited Nate to stay here.”
Gavin scowled. “Why would you do that?”
“Because he came all this way to meet me, and then you attacked him, and I feel bad for him.”
“I didn’t attack him.”
Sydney ignored that. “He’s lonely.”
“Aren’t we all?” Gavin muttered darkly.
Sydney ignored that too. “He was convinced that all of the Chala were dead, and his species was hopeless, and that someday, the Light Ones would die out. And then he woke up in the middle of the night. He said it was a revelation of sorts. He swore he could almost smell me.” She blushed as she said the words.
“Then he must not have come very far. Pheromones or no, your scent is only palpable for a mile at best. He can make his way home.”
“He’s from Tennessee.”
“That’s a hell of a scent,” Gavin said sarcastically.
“Stop it.” 
Gavin’s mouth snapped shut. He silently glared at her.
“That’s better,” she said cheerfully. “Now, listen to me. I’m going to work. I have an event tonight, so I probably won’t be home until late. William should be home around five. In the meantime, I expect you to play nice with Nate. And if you can’t, then you can be the one to leave. Have I made myself clear?”
“Exceedingly,” Gavin said, reinforcing his words with a growl, when he was able to speak again. He hooked his arm around her waist and dragged her tightly against him. She could undoubtedly feel his insistent erection, pressing into her belly.
“If I have to do that, you have to do something for me.”
“Wh-What?” Sydney squeaked, her eyes wide, her gaze locked onto his lips.
“Kiss me,” he commanded, and for once, she obeyed. Without blinking, she leaned into him, her mouth slightly open. Her eyes fluttered closed as her tongue slipped out and touched her upper lip a scant second before he crushed his mouth down onto hers, impatient to taste her.
She tasted like coffee and orange and something he couldn’t describe, but was certain he would never, ever have his fill of. He flicked out his tongue, licking her lips, and then sucked her lower lip into his mouth. Self-satisfaction surged through him when she moaned.
His hands dropped down to cup her backside, as his mouth continued to devour hers. He squeezed and she responded by lifting up on her tiptoes to grind against him.
“Chala,” he whispered, and he used his hands on her backside to guide her toward the bed.
Sydney broke the kiss and stepped out of his arms. “I think that’s enough.” She wiped a hand across her lips. For some reason, the action irritated Gavin.
“That was only a taste. It wasn’t nearly enough.”
“It was to me. And stop calling me Chala. It makes me feel like—like I’m nothing more than a means to an end. I know what a Chala is, and that’s not me.”
It was on the tip of Gavin’s tongue to reply that it was exactly what she was. But the unhappy look on her face gave him pause. He frowned.
“You didn’t like the kiss?” 
Sydney blinked owlishly. “Why would you say that?”
“Why aren’t you answering the question?” he countered.
She flushed. “Because it’s embarrassing. Of course I liked the kiss. I would think that was obvious.”
“It wasn’t,” Gavin said flatly. “But it was obvious that I liked it. So why did you pull away?”
“You called me Chala.” As if that answer was obvious.
“So? You are a Chala.”
“I know you think that. But I’m also Sydney. And I haven’t yet heard you call me by name. Or compliment my outfit. Or tell me I’m pretty. All you do is call me Chala all the time.”
Gavin stared at her, and Sydney shook her head, as if he were a lost cause and she could not possibly save him. 
She was still shaking her head when she left the bedroom.


CHAPTER FIVE

When Sydney realized her car was still parked at the curb in downtown Detroit, Gavin offered to give her a ride to work.
“What about my car?” she asked.
He bit back a sigh. “I’ll head down there and check it out. It’s probably the battery.” He glanced at Nate at that point. “I suppose I can take the lovesick loser with me.”
“I don’t drive,” Nate announced from his perch on the couch.
Gavin didn’t bite back the sigh this time. “I’ll figure something out.”
“I’ll find another ride,” Sydney insisted. 
“You’re going to be late as it is.”
She made it clear she wasn’t happy with the decision, but she ultimately allowed him to herd her toward his car. “I’ll get you there on time.”
 “I’ll just take alive at this point,” she retorted before slouching in her seat and glaring out the window.
Not that he necessarily liked it when she was angry—especially when that anger was directed at him—but she sure as hell was cute when she was riled up. 
The event management company where she worked was a small storefront attached to a cavernous building that she explained housed all the various props they used when putting on parties for clients. When he guided the sleek black Camaro to the curb in front of the building, several humans on the inside all but plastered their faces against the glass windows. Taking perverse satisfaction in Sydney’s obvious discomfort, he wrapped his arm around her neck and pulled her toward him for another no-holds-barred kiss, and then he released her and couldn’t help the smirk as he watched her stumble toward the door. Once she was safely inside the building, he gunned the engine, headed back to the highway, and turned toward downtown and his own apartment.
He stuffed a bunch of clothes into a duffle bag and called a towing company to have Sydney’s car taken to a dealership near to her home. Then he took a nap. He was normally a night owl, as Rakshasa tended to come out at night, when it was easiest to stalk and take down humans without drawing attention to themselves.
When he woke up, dusk was fast approaching. He brewed a pot of coffee and contemplated his surroundings while he thawed a steak and then tossed it onto the George Foreman grill.
His apartment was one large room, located inside an old warehouse that had been converted into artists’ studios with lofts above them. He liked the location for its convenience to where the majority of Rakshasa in the Detroit area tended to roam. 
The neighbors were quiet and kept to themselves, for the most part. His friendliest neighbor was a woman who designed pottery for a living. She was young and attractive, dark-skinned and dark-haired and curvy, just the way he liked them. They often tumbled into bed together when she wasn’t travelling around the country, selling her wares at various art shows.
As he sat at the high-top, square dining table, eating steak and contemplating whether he wanted to take anything with him when he moved in with Sydney, there was a knock on the door to his apartment. He dropped the fork and knife and strode to the door, opening it without bothering to look through the peephole.
Harmony, the neighbor who made pottery for a living, stood on the threshold, holding a bottle of sparkling wine in one hand and a bottle of chocolate syrup in the other. She wore a slinky red dress that clung to her in all the right places. Her thick, dark hair draped over her shoulder and curled down her back.
“Hey, neighbor. I thought I saw your car in the parking garage. I just sold a design to Chia Pet. Want to help me celebrate?” She didn’t wait for his answer, simply strolled into the apartment.
Gavin’s mouth went dry. Harmony was perfect: a beautiful, willing human woman who was exactly his type, and who expected nothing from him but sex. A lot of sex. A lot of varied sex. Harmony liked a little kink.
I’m mated, he reminded himself. Sydney, Sydney, Sydney, Sydney.
Sydney was blond. Willowy. And dressed way too conservatively. Plus, he still had his doubts about her prowess in the bedroom, even after two sizzling kisses.
But she’s my mate. Sydney. He chanted her name in his head, as if this would somehow offer him the self-restraint he needed to tell Harmony to leave.
But why? Sydney was still in denial, and she insisted she had no interest in sleeping with him. Harmony obviously wanted to sleep with him. She walked into the pool of light cast by the lamp next to the couch and he saw clearly that she wore nothing at all under the thin knit dress. His libido did a little cheer.
I need this. Why should he remain celibate until Sydney decided to come to her senses and realize they were mates?
Harmony’s hands were in his pants and her dress was bunched at her waist when his phone rang. She urged him to ignore it, but he ignored her instead and pushed the button to connect the call.
“Gavin? Are you okay? I had the strangest sensation that something was wrong, but I’ve been busy and this was my first chance to call.”
“Shit,” Gavin cursed as he leaned back against the couch and tugged Harmony’s hand out of his pants.
“Who is that?” Harmony asked.
“My, ah, girlfriend.”
“Who are you with?” Sydney demanded. “And did you just call me your girlfriend? I’m not your girlfriend, Gavin, and the sooner you realize this, the better off we both will be. Are you even listening to me?”
With a sigh, Gavin disconnected the call. Harmony gave him a sympathetic look. “This isn’t happening, is it?”
Gavin sighed again. “Nope.”
Harmony slid off the couch and tugged her dress over her hips. Then she reached down and patted Gavin’s cheek. “If it doesn’t work out, call me, okay?”
“Yeah,” Gavin said as he watched her saunter to the door. “Right.”
Gavin didn’t consider himself an overly sexual male, under normal circumstances. Usually, he was exhausted enough after a night of chasing down Rakshasa that he simply passed out when he got home, and didn’t wake until it was time to start the routine all over again. But when he did want a piece of ass, he rarely had a difficult time finding it, and then closing the deal.
In the last twenty-four hours, he found himself turned on and then without the means to close the deal more times than he probably had in his entire three hundred and eighty-seven-year life. It was damned frustrating.
In an effort to burn off some excess frustration, he went out and patrolled his usual areas, searching for Rakshasa on whom he intended to take out his aggression. But the streets were quiet, for once, probably because the temperature had taken a dive into the negative numbers, and while shifters had an elevated body temperature, even they preferred to hole up inside on these kinds of nights. Finally, Gavin threw in the towel, returned to his apartment to retrieve his duffle, climbed into his car, and headed north, toward the ’burbs. With any luck, Sydney would be in a randy mood tonight and would turn to him for some good old-fashioned sexual tension relief. His chances were slim, he knew, but everyone had to have hope, right?
When he entered her house, he discovered the Light Ones had multiplied in the few hours he had been gone. Four of them sat in the living room, chatting amicably and eating out of bowls of chips and pretzels. Several empty pizza cartons were stacked on the dining room table, and beer bottles littered every horizontal surface. The television was on, and a hockey game flashed across the screen.
“Did I miss the invite to the shifter convention?” he asked as he strode into the center of the living room and turned a full circle, so as to take in the appearance of every being in the room. They were all shifters, all Light Ones of varying ages and sizes.
One shaggy blond-haired one looked like he wasn’t even old enough to legally drink yet—in Canada, where the drinking age was only nineteen. Another had a healthy dose of gray streaks in his otherwise jet-black hair. Shifters were immortal, if they weren’t killed, but they still aged, however gradually. He figured this guy must be as old as dirt. He’d probably had some personal friends who were dinosaurs.
The third shifter could be a shoo-in as a Matador, if someone gave him a red cape and a massive, angry bull. Gavin decided that wasn’t a bad idea. 
Nate, whose neck was an unhealthy black and purple color, stood and pointed at each shifter in turn. “Jack, Hugo, and Ignacio. This is Gavin. He’s our competition. He thinks they’re already mated.” Nate’s voice was still hoarse. Gavin couldn’t hide his smirk. His chokehold had obviously done some damage to Nate’s vocal cords.
Wait. Why did they not consider each another to be competition?
“He’s not a Light One,” Ignacio the Matador pointed out with a sniff.
“Cursed Rakshasa,” Nate explained.
“What does that mean?” the one Gavin guessed was Jack asked. 
“About two hundred years ago, a Fate named Prim cast a spell on him, cursing him to believe he has to act on behalf of the Light Ones and humanity, even though he still feels all of his Rakshasa urges.”
Apparently, this one had been chatting with William while Gavin was away. Which turned out not to be a bad thing, as a collective, “Oh-h-h,” went around the room and Gavin suspected their respect level increased a notch or two. Good. They should be afraid.
“Why are you all here?” Gavin asked to the room at large, even though he was certain he already knew the answer. Damn Sydney for not sleeping with him yet.
“We’ve come to woo the Chala,” Ignacio replied with a flourish that reinforced Gavin’s original desire to find a bull. Preferably an angry one.
“You should call her that when you woo her,” Gavin suggested solemnly. “She really likes it.”
“Good to know,” the matador proclaimed with a stiff nod.
All’s fair in love and war and all that.
“Where’s the Fate who lives here?” Gavin asked. It was well after six. William should have been home by now.
“He went to the grocery store,” Nate replied. “Said he didn’t have nearly enough food to go around. He took Quentin with him.”
“There’s another one?”
Nate nodded.
“Fuck me,” Gavin muttered as he walked into the dining room and filled a lowball glass half full of whiskey. He drained the glass and then took the bottle into Sydney’s bedroom.
***
“Thank you for the ride,” Sydney said demurely as she slid into the passenger seat of William’s tiny yellow sports car.
“No problem.”
He guided the car away from the curb and Sydney leaned back in the buttery soft leather seat, glad to be off her feet for the first time in over ten hours. When events fell on weekdays, it was always more difficult, because her office work still had to be done as well. And this particular event had been more stressful than most because the men in attendance had taken an unnatural liking to her.
It was an intimate dinner party, a fundraiser, and most people in attendance were mated—no—married. Yet that did not stop the men from staring at her, flirting with her, even trying to slip her business cards with personal cell phone numbers scrawled on the backs. She’d never received so much attention from the male species before in her life. She had been flabbergasted, and completely out of her element.
It was daunting, to say the least, to have so many men all of a sudden vying for her attention. She wasn’t normally the type of girl men noticed with such…intensity. She was pretty enough to warrant a casual glance, maybe even an occasional lingering appreciative look, but she was well aware she was no striking beauty.
Were they shifters? She couldn’t be sure, because she had no idea how to figure it out, without coming right out and asking. That fissure of awareness she had just before Gavin walked into her life, and then again just before the Rakshasa attacked her, hadn’t happened while she’d been at work. Probably because she stayed in a perpetually heightened state of awareness all day today. She recalled the startling moment when she could have sworn she heard Gavin calling her name, and she frowned.
“I thought Gavin would pick me up, since he dropped me off earlier.” She hoped her tone sounded light and casual.
William made a face. “He’s passed out face down on your bed at the moment.”
“What?”
William glanced at her and then turned back to the road. “We have a few houseguests. He isn’t handling it very well.”
“A few?” Sydney repeated, as she stood in the foyer twenty minutes later, surveying the scene in her living room. As a unit, five heads swiveled around and noticed her for the first time. An instant later, five shifters were gathered around her, taking her coat, her purse, offering to slip the boots off her feet, asking if she was hungry or thirsty or tired. Did she need a backrub? Ice cream? Was she free to go out next Tuesday?
“Next Tuesday?” she asked in confusion.
The young blond shifter gave an apologetic shrug. “We’ve already drawn straws for who gets the first date when. I just wanted to be the first to ask.”
“You drew straws to see who gets to go out with me?” 
She’d been on precious few dates in her life, and she’d had to work at it reasonably hard each time. Never had she imagined she would find herself surrounded by five men, all clamoring for her attention. Make that six, she thought, as she recalled that Gavin was apparently passed out on her bed. Of course, he wasn’t clamoring for her attention like the rest of them. He simply assumed he had it.
“Excuse me,” she said as she pushed her way through the crowd, to get to the hall leading to the bedrooms. “Pardon me. I’m just—I’m going back to my bedroom. I highly value my privacy,” she announced loudly. “No one is allowed anywhere near my bedroom without my express permission. Does everyone understand?”
All five nodded solemnly.
“Great. Okay. Well, nice to meet you all.”
She hurried down the hall, slipped into her bedroom, and quickly closed the door, just in case someone out there wasn’t a very good listener and decided to follow.
The light of a full moon shone through the windows, sending a pattern of white rectangles across the bed. She could see Gavin, who was indeed sprawled face down on her bed. She sighed and stepped farther into the room.
His head was buried between two pillows. One hand hung over the side, while the other was curled into his shoulder. His long legs stretched to the foot of the bed.
He’d changed, she noticed, into his own clothes. She spotted a black duffel bag parked on the dresser. Apparently, Gavin had gone to his own home at some point during the day and gathered a few supplies. He, along with the five men in her living room, intended to stay awhile.
Gently, so as not to disturb him, Sydney sat on the edge of the bed and lifted the pillow covering his head. He shifted restlessly, turned his head to the side, smacked his lips, and then settled back into sleep. She saw the bottle of whiskey sitting on the bedside table and lifted it. Empty. She returned it to its perch and then allowed herself to do something she’d wanted to do since the moment she laid eyes on him: she ran her fingers along the stubble on his cheek. It was unexpectedly soft, which took her by surprise.
“What am I going to do with you?” she murmured as she continued to watch him sleep.
“End this charade. Make love to me.”
She gasped and leaped off the bed. 
Gavin’s arm shot out and grabbed the belt loop on her pants, pulling her back to him.
“Don’t go,” he mumbled. “Don’t leave me. I’m always alone.”
“I’m not going to make love to you, Gavin.” But she did sit back down on the bed. His arm snaked around her waist and settled there.
“Have you ever?”
“Have I ever what?”
“Made love. To anyone.”
“Of course I have,” she said indignantly.
“What’s it like?”
“Excuse me?”
“I’ve never made love before. I just wonder if it’s different.”
“Of course you’ve made love before,” Sydney insisted. He was far too sexy, far too sure of himself to still be a virgin. Besides, just yesterday evening, he had bragged about the women he slept with. 
“Nope. Never. Plenty of sex. Never made love. Never thought I’d want to. But I do. With you.” He rolled over onto his back. The hand that had been around her waist lifted and draped across his forehead, while he wrapped the other around her, as if he couldn’t keep himself from touching her.
“You’ll let me someday, won’t you?”
Sydney hesitated. It was on the tip of her tongue to say yes, but she wasn’t sure if that was such a good idea. “Will you remember this conversation in the morning, Gavin?” she asked instead.
“Probably not. Drank a lot of whiskey. Needed to. Otherwise I would have picked a fight with those five bastards in your living room, and then your Fate would have had a hell of a mess to clean up.”
“I appreciate your consideration for William’s sake,” she said dryly.
“I just didn’t want you to pull that mojo crap on me again. Or worse, refuse to sleep with me. Sleep with me, Sydney. I like the way your body fits with mine.”
Sydney stared at him.
“Your other option is to curl up with William. But I think he’s stealing Quentin from you, so there might be three of you in the bed. You are not sleeping out there with all those horny bastards. Come to bed. I promise I won’t do anything you don’t want to do.”
Sydney blew out a breath. “Okay.” She stood up, and after promising she was just going across the hall to the bathroom to prepare for bed, Gavin let her go. When she flipped on the light and looked in the mirror over the sink in the bathroom, she smiled.
He’d called her by name.


CHAPTER SIX

“Fuck me.”
Sydney jerked out of sleep when Gavin groaned and muttered the explicative. They were spooning, she realized. Her backside was pressed intimately against his penis, which was swiftly growing in size. Gavin rolled over onto his back and Sydney immediately felt bereft, almost lost for a moment.
She glanced over her shoulder. He lay there with his arm thrown over his face.
“Gavin?”
“What?” His voice was more gravelly than usual.
“Are you okay?”
“I drank a fucking fifth of Jack last night. Do you think I’m okay?”
Not a morning person, then. Certainly not after a night of heavy drinking.
“Can I get you anything?”
“You can make the goddamned hammers in my head stop. And water. Jesus, my mouth feels like it’s stuffed with cotton.”
“Bear,” Sydney muttered as she slid out of the bed. He was as grumpy as a bear disturbed in the middle of hibernation.
“Fuck off.”
Okay, worse than a bear. Sydney hurried from the room.
“Took you long enough,” he complained when she returned and handed him a glass of water and a bottle of ibuprofen. He ripped off the cap with his teeth, dumped four capsules into his hand, tossed them into his mouth, and then drank the entire glass of water.
“I had to wait for someone to get out of the bathroom so I could get the ibuprofen,” she said defensively. She felt annoyingly hurt by his gruff treatment this morning. He’d been so sweet and nice last night. And he called her by name. He had been beginning to show signs of acting like the sort of man she might actually consider mating with. Maybe.
Apparently, it had been the liquor talking.
“Those bastards are still here? You can kick them out, you know.”
“I know. But it doesn’t feel right. Not when they travelled so far. Ignacio came all the way from Spain.”
“He may have been born in Spain, but he lives in fucking Milwaukee now. That’s only a day’s drive from here. Send him home.”
“I’m going to leave this room now, before this conversation deteriorates any further. If you think it would be better for all involved, I’ll bring you breakfast in here, so that you don’t have to pretend to be nice to everyone out there.”
“I would never pretend to be nice to those assholes, even if I didn’t have the hangover from hell. Get out of here. It pisses me off when you’re nice to me while I’m being an asshole.”
She left.
***
As far as Sydney was concerned, this day could be ripped from her life and burned. Nothing went right. It started out lousy, and progressed down that same path until she wanted nothing more than to crawl back into bed and bury her head under the covers until it was over.
But she couldn’t even do that, because Gavin had determined her bedroom was his bedroom, and she was half afraid she would either run into him, or he would walk in on her, and he was the very last person she wanted to be alone with at the moment.
Mostly, it was because she was humiliated. He had been so nice and considerate the night before. She had willingly climbed into bed next to him, lay there while he curled himself around her like a positively toasty cocoon. And he purred. He had actually purred, like a content cat. It was oddly endearing and strangely comforting, and Sydney had fallen into one of the best sleeps she’d had in a very long time.
She had even contemplated doing more than just sleep with him. The man positively radiated sex, and he kept insisting they were mates, and Sydney could not deny the way her body felt whenever he was in her presence. Where was the harm in sleeping with him? Maybe, just maybe, they would enjoy themselves, and one time would turn into another time and another and maybe, eventually, she would find herself in love, and wouldn’t that just be, well, wonderful?
Fat chance now. As much of a jerk he had been when he woke up this morning, Sydney had no intention of letting him back into her bed, even if it was just to sleep. Which she found terribly depressing. And then she got mad at herself for still wanting to sleep with him, even after the way he treated her.
“How is your steak, mi Chala?”
She blinked and regarded the man seated across the table from her. Ignacio was tall, dark, and handsome, by any woman’s standards, and his accent would no doubt make lesser women swoon. He was unfailingly polite, and she was confident every day would be Valentine’s Day, if she chose to mate with him. When she agreed to this date, he had immediately left the house, and when he returned to sweep her off to dinner, he produced a box of chocolates, a bouquet of flowers, and an ornate gold brooch, all gifts for Sydney.
But her thoughts were on another shifter, and he was making it difficult for her to enjoy this evening out.
The sad fact was, she never would have agreed to this date if Gavin had his head on straight. If he would have acted half as nice this morning as he had the night before, when he had been under the influence of a fifth of Jack Daniels, Sydney would have happily booted every single one of her suitors and focused on attempting to grow a relationship with Gavin. It was his fault she was on this date, and it was his fault she wasn’t enjoying it.
Mostly, it was his fault she wasn’t enjoying it, because she could actually feel him. It was annoying, this strange connection between them. She would have thought her anger at his behavior this morning would have severed whatever mild connection they had been forming, but that was not the case. The connection had grown so strong, it felt as if he was in the restaurant with her. But he wasn’t.
When the feeling first washed over her, she had immediately lifted her gaze and scanned the entire area. And when it did not go away, she excused herself to use the ladies’ room, and then she made a circuit of the place, searching for him. If he was there, she intended to give him a serious piece of her mind. He had no claim on her. He had made that perfectly clear this morning.
“I’m not really a steak person,” Sydney admitted as she pushed the prime cut of beef around on her plate.
Ignacio had taken her to one of the best steakhouses in the state. They had a secluded table in the back, and no less than five servers fawned over them. When she took a sip of water, someone reached over her shoulder to refill the glass. Every time a course was removed, another person appeared to scrape the crumbs from the table. The manager hovered, introducing himself and informing them that he was at their service, should they need anything, anything at all. It should have been the best dining experience of her life.
“My Chala does not like steak?” Ignacio said, a little too loudly. He lifted a hand and beckoned a server, who immediately rushed to their table.
“No, Ignacio, it’s fine. There’s nothing wrong with—” 
The server’s appearance cut her off.
“Take this away. My Chala is not pleased.”
“Stop calling me that,” Sydney said through gritted teeth. The man was worse than Gavin.
Ignacio ignored her protest. “It is not good enough. Nothing is good enough for my Chala.”
The server slid the plate away and stammered apologies.
“Ignacio, it was fine, really. I’m just not very—” She was interrupted again when the manager swooped down upon the table.
“Mr. Arroyo-Lopez, my sincerest apologies. I told the chef that cut was too well done. Should I bring another? What can I do to make this up to you?”
Sydney shook her head. “I really don’t want—”
Ignacio cut her off and nodded. “Bring me another filet, with that crab béarnaise on top. Rare, this time.”
The manager apologized again and hurried off to do his bidding. Sydney stared at him. “I don’t like my steak rare.”
Ignacio shrugged. “You said you were fine. I’ll eat it. Why waste this opportunity?”
Ignacio was crossed off her list.
***
Unbeknownst to Sydney, Gavin’s day wasn’t faring any better. It was, in fact, possibly worse, because on top of a killer hangover, he carried guilt like a thick, oppressive cloak.
He had been the world’s biggest ass to Sydney this morning, despite the fact that she had obviously let him sleep in her bed again the night before, and then she had gotten up and fetched him a tall glass of water and a bottle of pain relievers to combat his headache. And he thanked her by cussing and telling her to fuck off?
Almost four hundred years of living had turned him into one hell of a jerk.
He wished he could remember the night before. Had something happened to cause Sydney to be so nice to him, or was that simply her personality, and she would have been so nice to anyone? Had he actually managed to seduce her while he was drunk as a skunk?
He didn’t think so, because he still felt like he had a raging case of blue balls. Hangover or no, he imagined if he had sex with Sydney, he would feel pretty damn sated the next morning. Besides, he’d been that drunk before, and usually, he wasn’t even able to perform.
Was it a simple matter of Sydney arriving home from work, seeing that he was in her bed—he was pretty sure he passed out there sometime before ten o ‘clock—and she decided it was easier to crawl in next to him than to try to boot him out? Knowing Sydney, and the fact that five additional shifters were now sleeping in her living room and one guest bedroom, that was exactly what had happened.
Which meant she had been her usual, nice self this morning, and it had nothing to do with him. Still, Gavin was pretty sure he ought to apologize. The problem was, he had never been very good at apologizing, even when he knew something was his fault. And he was enough of a badass and enough of a loner that he rarely had to do it.
He doubted he could get away with not apologizing to Sydney. She was too considerate, too caring, too emotional. Damn, but he had always hated emotional women. Such baggage. He hated having to sort through all the bullshit to get to the prize. It wasn’t worth it, not when there were half a dozen other women who were willing to give up the prize without a fight. He fought real battles each and every night of his life. The last thing he wanted was to fight an emotional battle just to get into a woman’s skirt.
But she was a Chala. The Chala. His Chala. Which meant, if he wanted to consummate this relationship any time soon, he was going to have to figure out a way to make it up to her.
She managed to ignore him all day long. She had the day off work, but William worked a regular office job, so while he was gone, Sydney spent the day alternating between cleaning her house and entertaining her houseguests. When Gavin finally made his appearance in the kitchen, she pretended he wasn’t there.
Although he noticed she made enough bacon and eggs that there was plenty left over despite the vast number of shifters in the house. He decided to take that as a good sign.
It was over lunch that the bevy of shifters discussed their plans to woo Sydney via individual dates. None of them seemed bothered by the fact that they all had the same goal in mind: to win the Chala’s hand. They all had the same understanding: Gavin was the common enemy. They worked together to exclude him and give everyone else a reasonably fair chance, even the dorky eighteen-year-old Jack. Jack was the one who drew the graph, outlining each date night and each shifter who would go on that particular date. They even reviewed her work schedule with William, so they only planned dates for evenings when she wouldn’t be working late at events.
Gavin thought the whole thing was a stupid gimmick designed to flatter Sydney, and he figured she’d go off on them all and kick them to the curb for being so presumptuous. Instead, she had laughed and agreed that the schedule was quite nice, and she looked forward to each and every date. He wasn’t sure if he was imagining it, but he could have sworn her voice lifted a notch when she made that proclamation, since he had been in the other room at the time. He considered pointing out to her that with his enhanced shifter hearing, she didn’t need to bother. He could hear her breathing three rooms away.
Hell, he could feel her presence, like she was a part of him. It was damned annoying, especially considering she didn’t want anything to do with him. But it was more than that. Gavin was nearly four hundred years old, and for the past two hundred, he’d been virtually a loner. Other than the short time he’d spent with Gloria and Hernandez, he’d lived alone, he’d hunted alone, he’d battled alone. A cursed Rakshasa didn’t fit in with dark or Light Ones.
It hadn’t really bothered Gavin. Unlike most of his kind, he always had a strong independent streak anyway. And he was used to it by now. Except now, he had a Chala to worry about. A Chala, who by rights, should be his to hold, to protect, to care about.
Was that what this was all about? Was he developing feelings for Sydney? That was crazy. Gavin had never loved a single person in his entire life. He had killed nearly every one of his sisters and brothers, and while he felt guilty on principle, he hadn’t felt sad or remorseful. In fact, if he had ever given it any thought at all, he would imagine he didn’t have the capacity to care.
In his mind, the idea of mating with a Chala meant he would have the opportunity to have sex on a regular basis, and the Chala would birth him a few Light Ones and little Chala over the course of the next few decades. She would raise them until they were ready to be weaned, then he would take over the training of the shifters, and she would teach her Chala daughters all they needed to know about their role in life. It was simple, straightforward, and shouldn’t adversely affect the life he’d created for himself.
There was a problem with that scenario. Sydney did not fit into it. He could not see her being a vessel through which he created new Light Ones and Chala. He could not see her simply allowing him to go about his life as usual, only coming to her when he wanted a piece of ass, or when she was fertile and it was time to create life again. He could not see her raising her children alone, not if she had a mate who, in her mind, should be a part of the process—more than the means by which the children were created.
Damn the Fates, he was in way over his head here. He should go back home right now, give Harmony a call and use her to bang out all this frustration and aggression slamming around in his head. At some point in the day, the hangover headache had disappeared and was replaced by a frustration headache, a Sydney-based frustration headache. It was all her damn fault. The woman was tying him into knots, and she was probably enjoying it while she did it.
He really did almost leave at that point, but when Sydney agreed to go out to dinner with Ignacio that evening, something inside him protested so loudly, so fiercely, that he hadn’t been able to do anything at all except sit there and sulk, until Ignacio returned bearing his armload of gifts and sweeping a rather prettily dressed Sydney out the door.
She was pretty. She wore a simple black sleeveless dress with a matching scarf artfully draped around her neck. Long, thin, silver and rhinestone earrings hung from her ears. Her hair was swept back into a loose knot at the nape of her neck, and she had curled the ends into ringlets. One draped over her shoulder, curling down to her breast, and Gavin’s insides burned with rage as he watched Ignacio reach up and brush the curl over her shoulder. He wanted to reach across the room and rip the shifter’s arm from his shoulder and then gnaw on it while Ignacio watched.
Instead, he hovered in a far corner, while the rest of the gaggle of shifters who had taken up residence in the house wished them luck—sincerely, for the love of Fates—and Ignacio helped Sydney into a long, cream-colored wool coat. Then they were gone, and every instinct in Gavin’s person told him to chase after them, to claim what was rightfully his.
“He isn’t the one, you know.”
William quietly stepped up to his side while the circus at the front door carried on. Gavin turned to him and bared his teeth, a silent warning that he was not in the mood. William ignored the warning.
“She’s flattered by the attention, and she thinks she wants someone who will shower her with gifts and follow her around like a puppy dog, because that’s what girls are supposed to want.”
“So you’re a psychologist as well as a Fate?” 
“Just smarter than you, apparently.” And then he wandered away, to Quentin’s side, Gavin noticed. He wondered what that date would be like. He had never spent time with a gay shifter before, but if Quentin was more interested in Sydney than in William, Gavin would eat his left pinkie. Probably, he hoped William would stick around, if he was the lucky one and Sydney chose him.
“She’s flattered by the attention, and she thinks she wants someone who will shower her with gifts and follow her around like a puppy dog, because that’s what girls are supposed to want.”
If Sydney didn’t want someone like that, what did she want? Did she even know? Would she be so blinded by the flattery and attention that she would allow Ignacio to sweep her off her feet, even though it wasn’t what she truly wanted? The thought caused his heart to clench, and for a moment, he actually struggled to breathe.
And then he strode across the room and out the front door without a backward glance.
When he arrived at the restaurant, he could tell immediately that Sydney sensed his presence. The thought helped to ease the vise clutching at his heart. He was as sharply attuned to her as she was to him, and as far as he could tell, she did not have that same tie with any of the other shifters currently wooing her.
He ducked into the kitchen, moments before Sydney made her circuit through the restaurant. When the chef yelled at him, Gavin found a set of stairs leading up to the second level and what turned out to be a private dining area. Conveniently for Gavin, it wasn’t in use tonight, so he was able to lean against the wall in the shadows at the top of the stairs, with a clear view of Sydney and Ignacio’s table, for the duration of their date. 
He couldn’t hear the conversation, but he could tell the moment Sydney lost interest in her suitor, because her shoulders stiffened and she shifted in her chair so she was slightly facing away from him, instead of leaning into him while she toyed with her wineglass and waited for the next course. Whatever happened, Ignacio had ruined it for himself. Gavin hadn’t needed to interfere.
He watched over them until Ignacio paid the bill and helped Sydney into her coat. Her stance was still stiff, possibly even more so than it had been during dinner, so Gavin was confident enough to slip away at that point. Ignacio was finished, and Gavin needed to go patrol the streets of Detroit, to make sure the Rakshasa weren’t wreaking any more havoc than usual.
It was well after midnight when he returned to Sydney’s house. The television was on in the living room, and two shifters were awake, playing a video game that had appeared at some point this evening. He counted heads and noticed two more had been added to the mix. At this rate, they’d have to start camping out in the backyard.
Gavin liked that idea. As cold as the temperatures were, perhaps a few of them would freeze to death, and competition would be eliminated. He stepped over sleeping bodies, not trying very hard to be careful. He trod on a hand or a leg and even a head at one point, as he made his way back to Sydney’s bedroom.
The door was locked, which was a slight annoyance, but Gavin had been telling the truth when he told her those pitiful locks couldn’t keep him out. He slipped inside in a matter of seconds.
“Get out.”
He froze in the process of closing the door.
“You aren’t welcome in here. No one is. Especially you. Get out.”
He blew out a breath. For the space of three very painful heartbeats, he thought Sydney was not alone in the bed. He wasn’t sure exactly what he would have done, but there was no doubt someone would have gotten hurt. Or worse.
“There’s nowhere else to sleep,” he said easily, as he strutted across the room toward the bed. In his relief that Sydney would not choose Ignacio over him, he’d forgotten about this morning. He supposed he needed to do some sort of damage control now.
“Then go somewhere else.”
“Can’t do that. You’re my Chala, and I have to protect what’s mine.”
“I swear to God, if one more person calls me their Chala, I’m going to—to—”
“To what?” Gavin asked, amused by her frustrated outburst.
“Stop this entire charade right this second. I’ll kick you all out and move to Aruba.”
“I don’t know about the rest of them, but I’ll just follow you to Aruba. And considering how bloody cold it is here right now, that’s not a half bad idea.”
Sydney made a frustrated noise that sounded like a growl.
“Date not go so well?” Gavin asked, feigning ignorance.
“My entire day hasn’t gone well.” 
She sat in the middle of the bed, her back propped against the headboard, the comforter pulled up to just below her chest, a book lying next to her. The lamp on the bedside table cast a warm glow that didn’t penetrate the darkness beyond the mattress. Instead of the usual tank top she normally paired with pajama bottoms, she wore an oversized T-shirt. He was disappointed that the understated yet sexy black dress had been relegated back to the closet.
Unfortunately for her, his libido was so far into overdrive that she could wear a brown paper bag and he would still want to have sex with her. At some point during the past forty-eight hours, he’d gone from determining he would have to sleep with a woman he didn’t find particularly attractive, to feeling as if he needed to sleep with her, almost as much as he needed to breathe.
“Yeah, about that.” He took a deep breath. “I suppose I was kind of an asshole this morning.”
“Kind of?” She arched an eyebrow in a near perfect imitation of him. He almost laughed, but figured she wouldn’t exactly appreciate it at the moment.
“Really was. No kind of about it,” he said solemnly. 
“Yes. You were.”
“In my defense, I had a killer headache at the time.”
“You brought it on yourself. No one forced you to drink a fifth of Jack Daniels.”
His irritation welled and he focused on tamping it down. What the hell was wrong with the woman? He was trying to apologize here, and she was making it as difficult as she possibly could. Didn’t she know this sort of thing didn’t come easy for him?
“You have a living room full of suitors who you refuse to send away. What the hell do you expect me to do?”
Sydney’s chin lifted a notch. “Be one of those suitors.”
“Huh?”
“If you think you’re my mate, then act like it.”
“I am.” 
“You act like you own me. You don’t own me. No one does. But if you want me to be your girlfriend, then you need to act like it. Treat me the same way you would treat any woman you want to go out with.”
Gavin stood still for the count of five, and then he was across the room in the space of a heartbeat, looming over the bed, stabbing his finger at her chest. 
“I don’t want you to be my girlfriend. And for your information, I’ve never had to work this bloody hard to get a woman into my bed. Hell, I don’t even know if you’re worth it.”
Sydney shoved his hand away and scrambled out from under the comforter. She perched on her knees and pointed at him. “What the hell do you want, if you don’t want me to be your girlfriend? And you’ve obviously slept with some pretty loose women. Either that or stupid women. And trust me, I’m worth it.”
“Oh yeah? Prove it.”
Sydney growled. Actually growled at him. And then she placed her hands on his shoulders and twisted. Gavin was flipped over onto his back on the bed. Sydney straddled his hips, cupped his face and leaned down and kissed him. He didn’t even hesitate. He wrapped his arms around her waist, slipped them under the T-shirt and slid them up her back, to discover she wasn’t wearing a bra. He groaned, his hips flexed, and he thrust upward, desperately wanting them to both to be naked. He moved his hands around to cup her breasts as Sydney ground against him.
“Yes.” He moaned. “Yes. Do it again.”
She swiveled her hips, sliding the juncture of her thighs along the ridge of his throbbing erection.
“Fates.” He gasped as he felt an orgasm welling. Was he really going to come without even stripping out of his clothes? He couldn’t even think straight at the moment. This felt too damn good.
“Yes?”
“Ah!” Gavin jumped about a foot into the air and knocked Sydney off him. He whipped his head around and found William standing in the middle of the room, wearing a pink terrycloth housecoat with white piping along the edges.
“What the hell are you doing in here?” Gavin demanded, as he gasped for breath. He felt as if he’d just run a marathon, except he hadn’t quite crossed the finish line. The bed shifted, and Sydney walked over and stood next to William.
“Someone summoned me. What can I do for you? Do you need direction? I did experiment with women when I was still human, but that was a thousand years ago, so I might be a little rusty. But I’ll give it a try, if you’d like.”
Gavin wiped his hand over his face. “I don’t need any bloody direction. We were doing just fine before you appeared. Why the hell did you summon him?” he demanded of Sydney.
She shook her head and furrowed her brow. “I didn’t.”
William rolled his eyes. “The next time you decide to summon me, Rakshasa, make it for a damn good reason. You’ve interrupted my beauty sleep.” He stalked from the room, slamming the door behind him.
“I summoned him?” 
Sydney shrugged.
“Shit.”
“I’m going to sleep.”
Gavin gave her a hopeful look.
“Sleep. I think I proved my point. Good night.” She crawled into the bed and rolled over, showing him her back.
“Are you serious?”
“Completely.”
“Fa—”
“I wouldn’t, if I were you. William gets really cranky if he doesn’t get his beauty sleep.”
“Fuck me.”



CHAPTER SEVEN

On Wednesday, Sydney went out on another date, this time with Hugo, the elderly shifter with gray streaks in his hair. Hugo was so old and set in his ways that he reminded her more of a grandfather than a suitor. She couldn’t imagine mating with him. It would be like mating with her grandfather, and, well, gross.
When he climbed into her bed that evening, Gavin seemed terribly smug. Sydney suspected he was keeping track of the success—or lack thereof—of her dates, and she couldn’t decide if she should be irritated or flattered. Since the scene in the bedroom yesterday evening, he’d remained politely distant, bordering on considerate, but never pushy and never acting in any way that could be thought of as wooing her.
Gavin and Quentin had retrieved Sydney’s car, running as good as new, so she no longer had to rely on others for a ride to work. Still, on Thursday morning, Gavin got up, and without a word, stood at the door, waiting to drive her to work.
“Why?” she asked as he opened the door and invited her to step onto the front porch.
“You have a lousy sense of direction. I wouldn’t want you to get lost on the way to your office.”
It took her a moment to realize he was teasing her. And another to realize she liked it.
On Friday evening, she had another event to oversee. Gavin took her to work, but explained that he’d arranged for William to pick her up. The subzero temperatures finally broke, and more humans than usual tended to hang out in downtown Detroit on weekend evenings. He had no doubt there would be action—bad action—tonight, and he felt an overpowering need to be there, to do what he could to protect the humans from his own kind.
Sydney tried not to find it endearing that he insisted upon protecting the humans in Detroit, from his own kind, no less. If she started thinking about him in such a positive light, well…
“Okay,” she responded.
They had formed a sort of uneasy truce. He continued to sleep in her bed each and every night, but aside from cuddling while they slept and occasionally unconsciously thrusting his groin, that was all he did. They spoke like polite acquaintances during the day, and he managed to be at least halfway civil to the increasing number of shifters who were taking up residence in the house.
The only issue occurred when one of the newest shifters questioned him as he stalked down the hall toward Sydney’s bedroom one evening. She had a strict rule with all of her suitors that they were not allowed into her bedroom without her express permission, and the new shifter called Gavin out on it. Gavin responded by punching him once and knocking him out cold. No one else questioned him after that.
***
Before he left the house Friday evening, Gavin paused in the living room and made a general announcement about his intentions. He was used to working alone and didn’t particularly like most of these Light Ones, but it was supposedly in their blood to want to destroy the Rakshasa too, so he felt obligated to at least put the option out there.
No one offered to go with him.
Gavin stood there staring at the bunch of them. There were more than twenty now. Most were slouched in the living room, on furniture or the floor. Another television had been brought into the room, and some were either watching or playing a video game, while the rest were zoned in to the other television, where the Red Wings were trouncing the other team on the ice.
Beer bottles, pizza boxes, bags of chips, and pretzels littered the floor and the coffee table. Blankets and sleeping bags were piled haphazardly in a corner. The floor looked as if it hadn’t been vacuumed in a month. In another corner, various duffel bags were piled together, along with dirty clothes and assorted pairs of shoes. The place looked like the ultimate bachelor pad. The only thing missing was porn on the television. He had a feeling that happened later in the evening, when they were sure Sydney was sleeping.
“Hey.” When no one acknowledged him, he grabbed the remote and threw it at the larger television, the one the majority of the group was watching. The screen cracked and went black. Several shifters protested, but he finally had everyone’s attention.
“You all are lazy fucking slobs.” He paced as he ticked off instructions on his fingers.
“If you want to stay in this house for one minute longer, you have to follow a few ground rules. One: clean up after yourselves.”
Gavin watched as most of them darted their gazes around the room. He wondered if they even noticed their mess. Most guys didn’t.
“If you are having issues figuring out how or what to clean, the Fate will be happy to give you an assignment.” He allowed himself a small smile. Make William do the work organizing their cleaning habits. I like that idea.
“Two: you need to bathe at least every third day. Some of you smell like goddamned wild animals.” He watched as several sniffed at their armpits.
“Nick.” Gavin pointed at the youngest shifter in the bunch, the one who created the dating schedule. “You make up a showering schedule. There are two bathrooms in this house. Make sure you space things out so the hot water tank can keep up. Check with Sydney’s schedule first. She gets first dibs. I guess the Fate should get second.” He wasn’t worried about himself. He could always shower at his own apartment. Or, if he ever got lucky enough, he’d be happy to share Sydney’s shower.
“And third: this is not a free for all. You need to contribute if you are going to live here. And the way you are going to contribute is by helping kill off the Rakshasa.”
He watched as they all gave each other uneasy glances. What the hell was wrong with this group?
Ignacio finally piped up. “Only a few of us have experience with battling Rakshasa. But it’s been a long, long time. We all thought the Chala were extinct, so there didn’t seem to be a reason to keep fighting. Some have never fought a day in their lives.” He waved his hand in Nick’s direction. As if to emphasize Ignacio’s point, Nick nodded.
Gavin stared at him. “Are you fucking kidding me?” Why would they all give up like that? Didn’t they realize that Rakshasa were far more fertile than Light Ones, and if they did not keep the population in check, the bad guys would eventually take over the world?
There was some nervous shifting and darted glances around the room, but no one denied Ignacio’s words.
“Fuck me,” Gavin muttered as he stormed out of the living room and headed down the hall to William’s bedroom. When he walked in without knocking, he found the Fate and Quentin, lounging on the bed. He tried really hard not to think about what they had been doing, or possibly were about to do.
“Do you realize none of your Chala’s suitors have the wherewithal to fight off the goddamned Rakshasa?” 
William’s brow furrowed. “I noticed none seemed as eager as you to go off to track them down, but when you say ‘wherewithal’…”
“I mean, not a one has any interest in fighting. Apparently the youngest ones haven’t even done it at all. As far as any of us were aware, there hasn’t been a Chala in two hundred years, so they just quit trying. Lying down and letting the Rakshasa take over.” He was breathing heavily and his eyes were probably glowing by the time he paused to let William speak. 
William glanced at Quentin and nodded slowly. “I had not realized things were so dire. I suppose it is a good thing she did not choose to mate with any of them. If I am going to allow her to go into someone else’s protection, it has to be someone who really will protect her. Besides the fact that no one knows if there are any other Chala left, I happen to care for her a great deal.”
“She’s under my protection.” Gavin growled and stabbed his thumb at his chest. “And I will protect her. And those assholes out there are going to learn how to do it, too.” He pointed at the open bedroom door. 
William gave Quentin a little push. “You’d better go with him. Make sure he doesn’t do anything rash. I’m afraid Sydney has become somewhat used to his presence around here.” 
Quentin nodded then he and Gavin left the room.
***
When William picked her up from work, Sydney said, “I want to learn how to fight.”
“You are surrounded by almost two dozen shifters and your own personal Fate, and you think you need to fight? Are you implying that one of them is treating you poorly? Is it the Rakshasa? Because I know a few curses of my own—”
“His name is Gavin, William. Stop calling him the Rakshasa. It’s so impersonal. And no, no one is treating me poorly. They all treat me like a queen, even after I inform them that I won’t be their mate.”
William slid her a sideways glance. “It sounds as if you may be warming to, uh, Gavin.”
Sydney shrugged and turned to stare out the side window. “I guess I’m starting to get used to him. He’s not really as mean as he likes to pretend. I think he’s more misunderstood than anything.”
“Misunderstood?” William said the word slowly, enunciating each syllable.
“Yes. The poor man, every single day he has to deal with this internal conflict. He’s forced by the curse to kill his own kind, even though he once used to be just like them, and still remembers what it’s like to taste the kill. And he’s been alone for the last two hundred years. That has to take a toll. It’s no wonder he’s so gruff all the time.”
“Oh Fates,” William muttered.
***
Several hours later, Sydney jerked from a sound sleep by the sound of what she guessed was the front door, being shoved open with enough force to slam it into the wall. She realized Gavin was not in the bed with her, but she could still sense his presence. Wherever he was, it wasn’t far. She scrambled out of bed to see what was going on in the other room.
Gavin stood in the living room, with a bloody, limp man draped over his shoulder. His arm was around the man’s waist, and he held the man’s hand, or else the body would have slid to the floor in a boneless mass.
“Oh my God!” Sydney clapped her hands over her mouth and stared with wide eyes.
“Help me get him to a bed,” Gavin instructed a nearby shifter. “And get her the hell out of here.” He turned away without looking at Sydney. But she saw it anyway: the cuts and bruises on his face, the blood on his clothes, the worried glint in his eye.
The next several hours were a flurry of activity. The beaten man was placed on the bed in the guest room. Hugo, who had seen even more battles than Gavin in his day, presided over tending to the man’s injuries, while two other shifters hovered nearby and followed whatever instruction he belted out. A few left to go to the nearest Walmart to purchase additional blankets and pillows and toiletries, since the supplies were now depleted. Somebody else scrounged up a few sandwiches and bags of chips, and everyone hunkered down to wait.
Gavin paced the hall outside the guestroom, pausing every so often to receive an update from one of Hugo’s assistants. Sydney, despite Gavin’s demands, insisted on helping.
Quentin was also injured, although not nearly to the extent of the shifter Hugo was tending to, so Sydney took it upon herself to tend to his various cuts and claw marks and one vicious looking bite that had taken a small chunk out of the meat of his calf. When she tried to ask him what happened, he was close-lipped, saying Gavin needed to be the one to explain.
After Quentin was cleaned and bandaged to the best of her abilities, she ran back and forth between the bathroom and the bedroom, carrying bowls of fresh, soapy water, dumping old, dirty, bloody water out in the toilet, and returning yet again with fresh, clean water. Hugo muttered something about stitches, so Sydney dug out William’s sewing kit, and at Hugo’s instruction, she soaked the thread and needle in alcohol before taking it in to him.
Gavin grabbed her arm when she tried to pass after giving Hugo the needles and thread. “You’re exhausted.”
She pushed a clump of hair out of her face. “So are you. And everybody else. You haven’t even cleaned up yet. Go take a shower before those wounds get infected.”
***
Gavin touched his face and winced. He’d forgotten about his own injuries. They were far less substantial than the other guy’s.
“Come on,” Sydney said with a sigh. “Let’s get you cleaned up.”
He found himself seated on the toilet seat in the master bathroom in William’s bedroom, with Sydney standing over him, cleaning the cuts on his face with hydrogen peroxide and soapy water. The more she tended to him, the less it hurt, which was kind of nice, frankly.
“You heal quickly.” She dabbed at a long gash on his temple.
“You heal me quickly,” he replied. “You’re my Ch—it’s because I tasted your blood.” 
She smiled and he knew she caught the correction. “Is that normal?” 
Gavin shrugged one shoulder. “Not unheard of. I don’t think it happens every time a shifter and Chala are mated, but I’ve heard of it occasionally throughout history.”
“Take your shirt off.”
He liked the way she sucked in a breath when he complied. Sleeping next to her night after night and resisting giving in to the temptation of making love to her was driving him to madness faster than Prim’s damn curse. It was nice to know she shared the attraction.
“Did-Did you do that to him?” she asked haltingly, while she cleansed a set of claw marks on his back.
“I assume you don’t really believe I did, or you wouldn’t be locked in here alone with me right now.”
He was right, of course, although he caught her look of relief in the mirror. Apparently, the woman needed to hear him speak such things out loud, instead of assuming he cared or was responsible or whatever.
“What happened to him?”
“I’d rather not discuss it. I need to talk to William first.”
He could tell she instantly suspected it had something to do with her. She wasn’t stupid. He liked that about her. He also liked that she wasn’t running away, going into hiding, simpering in a corner, waiting for everyone else to protect her. Even though he had every intention of protecting her and not allowing her to put herself in harm’s way, he still liked that she wasn’t afraid.
“If this concerns me, I have every right to know what—”
William pushed open the door, interrupting her in mid-demand.
“He’s going to live,” he said wearily. His gaze swept over Gavin’s bare chest. “Take a shower,” he instructed brusquely. “We’ll wait for you to debrief us.” He turned and left again.
Sydney jumped a little when Gavin spoke. “Are you joining me? I could use some help scrubbing my back.”
“The first time in almost a week you make an inappropriate suggestion and it has to be now?”
Gavin blew out a sigh. “I’m too tired to work at it right now, Sydney. I’m just going to apologize right now for anything I might say in the next couple of hours, because I’m bound to say something you won’t like. It’s too damn hard to keep up the pretenses right now.”
Sydney stared at him. “You’ve been pretending to be nice all week?”
Gavin scowled and unsnapped his jeans. “No. I’ve been trying not to piss you off all week. Fa—Jesus, do you have to read into everything I say?”
Sydney stood rooted to the spot while he peeled off his jeans. He paused as he hooked his thumbs into his boxers. “Am I to take this as a yes to my offer?”
***
She gave a little start and then shook her head. “No, no. Sorry. I’m just, uh, leaving. Uh. I’ll be—uh, right.” Face flaming, she hurried out of the room, closed the door and then leaned against it, breathing heavily.
He’s trying not to piss me off. It was, by far, the most romantic thing Gavin had ever said to her. And he used her name—again. Despite the gravity of the current situation, Sydney couldn’t help the smile tugging at her lips as she strolled out of William’s bedroom.
The smile disappeared a short time after Gavin, wearing a clean pair of jeans and a basic white T-shirt, entered the living room. His hair looked as if he’d simply rubbed it with a towel and his unshaven jaw neared full beard territory, and for a moment, Sydney forgot everything else and contemplated inviting him back to her bedroom right then and there. Only this time, there would be no sleep involved, at least not for a long while.
Those thoughts disappeared when Gavin stabbed a finger in her direction and demanded someone escort her back to her bedroom immediately. The entire room full of shifters clamored to do as he said. When had they all determined he was their boss, rather than their enemy? She shouted obscenities at him while she was forcibly dragged down the hall.
***
He set two shifters to guarding her bedroom door, because he knew damn well she would try to escape. He sent another one outside to stand guard at her window, and couldn’t help the smug smile when he heard her screaming from the bedroom, indicating she had been thwarted in her escape efforts. Whatever she wanted to think, he knew his Chala well.
The story he told was grim, which was why he wanted to shield Sydney from the details. He had no illusions that she would not find out what was going on, but if he could keep the most gruesome specifics from reaching her ears, he would. She was a proud woman and determined to be independent, but the fact was, she hadn’t grown up in their world, and the blood and gore would undoubtedly be too much for her near-humanlike sensibilities.
“They know about her existence,” he said grimly. “They ambushed that kid in there while he was making his way here to do exactly what you all are doing—courting what we can all assume is the last Chala that exists in the world. They tortured him until he told them why he was in town.” He paused, let them absorb that bit of information.
“I figured they suspected her presence, after her blood was spilled the day she and I met. They can scent her, just like you all, but the difference is, Light Ones sense her as well. Obviously, you didn’t smell her all the way from California.” He waved at the shifter with bleached-blond hair and a perpetual tan.
“I thought, with so many of you here, it would actually mask her scent, if a Rakshasa got too close. I also figured they wouldn’t get that close to begin with, since they like to hang out in urban environments, where it’s easier to hide and there tend to be more humans in close proximity. Easier prey. Less chance of getting caught.” He sucked in a breath, let it out slowly.
“So now they know. And they will come after her. It’s up to us to stop them.” He stood in the entry between the kitchen and living room, his feet a shoulder-width apart, his arms crossed, his gaze drilling into each shifter in turn. Some sat, some stood, but Gavin was still at least three inches taller than any other shifter in the room. Only William was taller, thanks to his red high heels.
“I’m with you.” Jack leaped to his feet and stood in a poor imitation of a soldier at attention. “Just tell me what to do, sir.”
Sir? Sir? Gavin looked around as every other seated shifter began to stand, all with determined expressions on their faces, all turning to him for guidance and leadership.
He hadn’t meant to become their leader. He hadn’t meant to do anything, really, except to ensure Sydney’s safety. He wasn’t a leader. He hadn’t been a leader in over two hundred years, and the last time, he had been leading the other side—the very shifters who were now coming after Sydney. 
His life was full of one irony after another, wasn’t it?
He lifted his hand in the classic “stop” motion and pointed at William. “Not me. The Fate is the one you need to ask. She’s his responsibility. He needs to tell you what to do.”
William lifted his perfectly manicured eyebrows. “She isn’t my mate.”
“She isn’t anybody’s mate,” Gavin said in exasperation. “Why do you think you’re still here?”
William shook his head and waved his arm in an arc, encompassing the entire room. “You are their leader, Gavin. This is your fate. Guide them. Lead them.”
The implication of his words was staggering. Gavin shot a hand out to steady himself against the wall, so he would not appear weak in front of his men. His men. His army, he realized, as he took his time scanning the motley group of shifters standing before him. Most of them were so rusty they might as well claim not to be able to fight at all. The rest had no more experience than the typical kid who got into a scuffle here and there at school.
“Fates damn me,” he muttered crossly. “What have I gotten myself into?”
He caught William’s smug smile out of the corner of his eye as he declared that training started at 8:00 a.m. and that everyone had better be up and ready. He then strode down the hall to face his biggest challenge of the night.
***
“Get out!” Sydney shrieked when he stepped into the room and closed the door behind him.
“No.”
“Don’t come near me,” she said, her voice barely more than a growl, as he advanced toward the bed.
He ignored her and began stripping out of his clothes.
Sydney was too stunned to do anything but stare at him as he pulled off his T-shirt and then tugged down his jeans. He isn’t wearing boxers this time. Nor was he turned on at the moment. His girth was still impressive, she noted, her cheeks flaming.
He climbed into bed, leaving her standing next to it, feeling oddly deflated because she expected a fight. She had been relishing the idea, because she needed an outlet for her anger and frustration.
How dare he keep her out of an important matter that she knew, she just knew concerned her? He had no right to lock her in her bedroom while he told everyone else what was going on. She was so angry she didn’t even want to crawl into the bed with him. Which angered her even more because it was her bed. He should be the one to sleep on the floor. Or out in the garage, for all she cared. Aruba was looking better and better by the minute.
“Yes, it concerns you, Sydney.” 
She blinked slowly. He lay in the bed, on his back, with the blankets pulled up to his waist. One arm was thrown across his eyes, presumably to block out the glare of the lamp she’d left turned on.
“And I didn’t want you in there because I didn’t think you wanted to hear all the gory details of what happened to that kid. But if you really want to know, I’ll tell you.”
“You will?” she asked, her voice small.
“I hope you have a strong stomach.”
“Just tell me why.” She inched closer. “Why did you show up on my doorstep, dragging a half-dead shifter with you?”
Gavin was silent for a handful of heartbeats, and then he blew out a breath. “He was on his way here to court you. Just like, it seems, every damned Light One in the frigging universe.” He moved his arm so he could look at her. His eyes glowed when he said, “They know about you, Sydney. You are in imminent danger.”
“Oh, God.” She sank onto the side of the bed. As real as it had all become, it still hadn’t really felt truly real. Not until now. She lifted her gaze to meet his eyes. “I’m going to die, aren’t I?”
In a flash, he reached out and hooked his arm around her waist, pulling her down on top of him. He put his hand on the back of her head and pressed her face into his chest.
“No,” he said, infusing the one word with every bit of determination he likely possessed.
She lifted her head so she could look at him. “I don’t want to die.”
Gavin offered a half-smile. “You won’t. You have me for a mate, remember? I used to be their leader. I know how they think. They won’t get past me.”
“But you aren’t my mate. Not yet.” But he could be. Only one thing stood in their way. It was her choice. She could make it happen. She only needed to decide if she wanted to.
No, she didn’t need to decide. She knew.
So she needed to decide if she was ready.
No, she didn’t. She was ready. She was more than ready. With this man and his overheated, sharply defined body sleeping next to her night after night, she was frankly surprised she hadn’t yet attacked him.
Really, there was no question, no reason they shouldn’t make it official. No reason at all. 
None.
She scrambled to climb under the covers. “Make love to me, Gavin.”
“What?” His voice lifted high enough to rival William’s when he sang karaoke. He suddenly sounded far less sure of himself.
“Make me your mate. Right now. Let’s make it official. It will only strengthen the bond between us, and that will make it easier to protect me.”
“Uh…okay,” he said, as his apparently slow-functioning brain seemed to struggle with what she said.
Sydney reached into the drawer in bedside table and lifted a square piece of foil out of the box she had tucked in there. She held it up for his inspection. “But only if we use this. I know you believe my purpose is to produce children, but you’re going to have to go at my pace, Gavin. I’m not there yet. And I don’t want to worry about being pregnant while we’re fighting this battle.”
He hesitated, then wrapped his arms around her waist. “I don’t believe that is your purpose, Sydney. You have a far greater purpose than I can even comprehend. I just want you. I just want to feel you and to please you.”
“Oh, Gavin,” she whispered, as her eyes welled with tears.
He groaned. “Don’t cry. I hate it when women cry.”
She sniffled and choked on a half-sob, half-laugh. “You’re such a romantic.”
He wrapped his arm around her waist and flipped her onto her back, covering her with his body. She felt his erection pressing into the juncture of her thighs and she sucked in a ragged breath.
“I’m not romantic, Sydney. Not even remotely. I hope you can live with that.”
She hugged him, drawing him closer. “I can live with that,” she assured him, and then she kissed him. 
And kissed him and kissed him and… She leaned back so she could look him in the face. “Are you going to participate here?”
He blinked rapidly, like he’d been in a daze, and then shook his head. “No. I mean, yes. Yes. Uh, are you sure about this?”
She stared at him. What happened to Gavin’s overabundance of confidence? “Have you changed your mind? Do you not want to be my mate anymore?” Oh God, was that even possible? She did not understand nearly enough about this new life she’d been thrust into. Yet she’d come to the conclusion that Gavin would help her muddle through, would guide her, protect her.
Be her partner. Her mate.
He probably believed he had no choice in the matter, so maybe that was the issue. She’d gotten the impression the first day that he wasn’t exactly thrilled with the person the fates had chosen for him. She’d felt the same way, but over time she’d come to realize Gavin was everything she never knew she wanted in a mate.
Heck, she hadn’t even known she wanted a mate until now.
He cupped her face, drawing her attention to those beautiful, pale blue eyes of his. “No. I haven’t changed my mind. Not by a long shot. I just…”
“Are you worried I’ll regret my decision in the morning?”
He shook his head. “I’m afraid I’ll disappoint you.” He shook his head. “Holy shit, did I just say that out loud?”
She bit her lip to keep from laughing. How cute. He was nervous. This was a whole new side of Gavin that she was absolutely certain no one had seen since he was a child. Heck, for all she knew, he’d been born with all that confidence he strutted around with like he’d copyrighted the concept. “You did.”
He dragged his hand through his spiky hair, sending it into even more disarray. “I have three hundred years’ worth of experience pleasuring women. Why am I so bloody nervous about having sex with you?”
She cleared her throat and touched her finger to his chest, directly over his heart. “Maybe because this time, it’s more than just sex?” She kissed the tip of his nose. “It’s very sweet.” 
He clapped a hand over his eyes. “Sweet? I’m not going for sweet here, Sydney.” He groaned. “Fuck me, I don’t even know where to start.” 
She bit down harder on her lip because seriously, this moment was sweet, no matter what he wanted to believe. “Here. How about if I do this?” Grasping the hem of her shirt, she pulled it over her head and tossed it to the floor. She wasn’t wearing a bra because she’d intended to go to bed, just as soon as she gave Gavin a piece of her mind.
He stared at her naked breasts, his eyes wide, his mouth slightly open. For someone with three hundred years’ worth of experience under his belt, he was acting as if this were his first time having sex with a woman. Finally, her patience completely unraveled, she grabbed his head and pulled him toward her, until his lips bumped into her right breast.
And finally, finally, he broke free of whatever had been holding him back, as one arm snaked around her back and cupped her ass while his other hand wrapped around her breast, holding it while he suckled her nipple and oh God, did that ever feel magnificent. 
She arched her back, let her head fall to the side, and closed her eyes, the better to appreciate all those sensations swirling through her body. He continued laving at her boobs, switching from one to the other, while massaging her ass, his fingers inching lower and lower, closer to where it felt like every nerve-ending in her body had congregated for this little party. 
He released her nipple long enough to ask, “Like that?”
“Mm-hm,” she murmured when he kissed a trail up to her ear and flicked his tongue inside.
But then she pushed against the side of his head. “Not that. Around the edges. I like that. And nibble on the lobe.”
He paused in the process of doing exactly what she demanded. “This is surreal.”
“I know, it really is, isn’t it?”
“No, not this.” He let go of her breast to wave, indicating the two of them. “I mean this. Me, acting like this is my first time, and you, practically teaching me what to do.”
She let out the giggle she’d been holding in. “I admit, I never thought you would be nervous. You’re always so–so tough and confident.”
He blew out a breath and rolled them both so that they lay side-by-side next to each other on the bed. “Damn it, Sydney. I don’t know what the hell’s wrong with me. I want to mate with you. The Fates know I want to have sex with you. I’ve fantasized about a hundred different ways to do it, too. I don’t think I’ve ever had this problem before.”
“Maybe it’s because you actually care this time.”
He didn’t say anything, but his eyes flared, and she was slowly learning what his nonverbal cues meant. This one told her he was going to get lost in his own head analyzing the idea that he might actually care, if she didn’t pull him back to what was going on here in this bed, and pronto.
She rolled toward him, straddling his thighs, sitting upright, her breasts jiggling with the movement, drawing his gaze, turning that look in his eye back to lust. Threading her fingers with his, she pressed his hands into the mattress, kissing him and rocking against his erection until she was gasping and groaning into his mouth and he was breathing harshly, his hands clenching hers so fiercely her bones creaked. 
“Sydney, I’m gonna—” 
With a serene smile, she lifted her hips and then moved so she kneeled on the bed next to him. She licked and nibbled and kissed his ear, along his neck, and down his chest, focusing on his flat brown nipples, while her hand moved south, following that happy trail of soft, fine hair, until her fingers brushed against his cock and his body bucked like he had no control over the action. 
“Fuck.” The word was a growl, but not an angry growl, and good Lord, was it ever a turn on to know she could push him to the brink of losing control like this.
But then he surged into a seated position, wrapped his arm around her waist, and flipped her onto her back. She lay there, staring up at him, her breathing coming in short pants, desperate for him to make his next move.
He grabbed her pajama bottoms and tugged them from her body. “My turn,” he said, and then he dropped a kiss onto her lips before chasing it with another to her neck, her chest, more affection for her breasts, before the tip of his tongue touched the valley between and then began an almost painfully slow trail down, over her stomach, and then to her hip bone, deliberately skipping that part of her body that was all but screaming for his attention.
She groaned, lifting her pelvis in a blatant hint. 
He chuckled against her skin and kept moving south, all the way down her left leg, until he teased at her toe for a moment and she was surely going to go blind from all this pleasure. When had her foot turned into an erogenous zone? 
He moved to her right leg, chasing kisses back up to her thigh, where he paused until she glanced down and caught his eye. “Ready?” he asked.
“For what?” she responded, and without answering, he licked her seam, all the way up to her clit, his tongue thrust into her folds, and if she thought featherlight kisses on her feet could bring her pleasure—!
She arched and cried out, “Yes!” That was far louder than she had ever exclaimed during sex before and she didn’t even care that all those shifters were in her living room, probably trying to sleep right now. 
“Don’t you dare stop,” she commanded because holy God, she was so. Damn. Close.
He chuckled again, and with his face between her legs, his mouth pressed against her seam, it wasn’t all that different from using her vibrator, except it was so very, very different, and if she could stay here, right here, in this position, forever, she was absolutely certain she would agree to whatever terms were required to ensure she could do so. 
And that was all before he inserted one, and then two fingers, into her, moving slowly at first, curling them so they stroked in exactly that right area, and bright lights, like fireworks, burst into being when she squeezed her eyes shut and clutched at the sheets, while her body began flying; okay, not really, but when that orgasm slammed into her, it certainly felt like she was levitating there for a few moments. 
He kept stroking and licking as she slowly fell back to earth, and then suddenly his touch was gone, and she blinked rapidly, momentarily confused, until she noted that he’d grabbed a condom and was rolling it over his erection. And then he was back, his body covering hers, staring down into her eyes while maneuvering himself until the head of his cock nudged at her slick entrance. 
She widened her legs, a silent invitation, and he thrust, filling her, forming a connection that nothing short of death would ever break.
He wrapped one arm around her back, grasping her shoulder for leverage, while the other cupped her ass. She curled her legs around his waist, lifting her hips so he could sink into her deeper still. And then his lips were pressed against hers, his tongue swirling in her mouth, and with the way he was moving, she was already climbing toward her second orgasm of the night.
“Fuck,” he practically growled, tearing his lips away and pumping even faster, and oh God, him losing control was all it took to send her soaring over the edge that second time.
And then he let go, his body going stiff for long moments. She felt him pulsing inside her and she tightened her hold, clinging to him while he buried his face against her shoulder, and yes, this was every bit as spectacular as she had dreamed it would be.
No, scratch that. 
It was better. 


CHAPTER EIGHT

When Gavin strode into the kitchen the next morning, William glanced up from where he stood at the counter, pouring pancake batter onto an electric griddle. And then he did a double-take. 
And then he sighed.
“I see she finally gave in.” The idea clearly gave him heartburn.
Gavin chuckled and stepped up to the counter to pour a cup of coffee. “I’d say it was the other way around. Let me tell you, your charge is a hot little number in the bedroom. If I’d known what she was capable of, I would have tried—”
William slashed a hand through the air and Gavin was rendered momentarily speechless. “Spare me the details. She’s like a sister to me.”
“And you’re still here,” Gavin commented when the power of speech returned.
He drained the last of the pot of coffee into his cup and regarded the Fate over the rim. Instead of his usual dress or skirt, William wore a bright yellow, fitted sweater and a pair of horizontally striped leggings. He was a giant walking bumble bee. But at least he made a mean breakfast.
“Why is that?” Gavin wondered. “It’s official. We’re mated. If you won’t take my word for it, watch for the sated smile when she gets out of the shower.”
“I’ve no doubt you had sex last night,” William said waspishly. “Trust me, the entire household is fully aware of what the two of you did last night.”
“We were that loud, huh?” Gavin was not the least abashed.
William sniffed delicately and expertly flipped a series of pancakes on the electric griddle.
Gavin shrugged one shoulder and lifted the coffeepot, replacing it when he realized it was empty. “Hey, I can’t help it. I think Sydney’s new favorite word is yes. Guess she likes to say it loudly.” He grinned.
William lifted the pancakes onto a large platter and then shoved it into Gavin’s stomach. “Take these to the table. While you’re there, why don’t you fill your new recruits in on the plan?”
Gavin glanced over his shoulder. “There’re more?” For once, he wasn’t unhappy about the notion of being surrounded by more Light Ones.
The latest group was comprised of eight Light Ones from the Deep South. They greeted everyone with a collective, “Hey y’all,” and then devoured breakfast with the relish of men who hadn’t eaten in days. William couldn’t keep up. Three of the youngest shifters were assigned to dishwashing duty so he had no other responsibility but to stand over the griddle and make food.
“Damn animals eat like it’s their last meal,” he muttered under his breath.
“We need a bigger place,” Quentin commented as he snatched a slice of bacon off Jack’s plate. Quentin had become cockier than the rest, because he was so obviously William’s favorite, and William earned everyone’s respect just by nature of being a Fate. Not only a Fate, but Sydney’s Fate. Their Chala’s Fate.
“I think I have a solution to that problem.”
All gazes shifted to the hallway, where Sydney stood with her blond hair pulled back into a ponytail, wearing a black sweater and black yoga pants. Gavin felt the familiar twinge in his groin and wondered if she’d be up for another round. How many times had they done it last night? Did it really matter? He still wanted her again. He was pretty sure his need would only increase with the passage of time and frequency, and he found he wasn’t the least bit upset about the notion.
She blushed prettily and Gavin knew she wondered if everyone suspected what transpired last night. His gaze cut to the kitchen, where William was whipping up another batch of pancake batter. Why was the Fate still hanging around? Maybe it was because of the imminent threat of the Rakshasa from Detroit. Did Fates have that kind of control over their own, er, fate?
As far as he understood it, a Fate was assigned to a Chala until such time as the Chala found a mate, and then the Fate left and was assigned to a new Chala, once that one came of age. Although, considering the lack of Chala to protect these days, maybe the head Fate had decided to give William some leeway. What else did he have to do with his time?
“It’s the Chala, y’all!” The shout came from the cluster of new shifters. They rose as a unit and rushed to crowd around Sydney, pawing at her and cooing and making suggestions, some that were bawdy even by Gavin’s standards.
“What the hell?” He strode across the room, bodily tossing shifters out of his path. When he reached Sydney, he was momentarily bowled over by her beauty. When had she become so beautiful? When had she not been beautiful? When could he get her naked again?
She smiled as if she understood the train of his thoughts and said, “Thank you,” as demurely as a sex kitten.
Gavin shook his head. “Why are they still fawning over you? You’re my mate.” He stabbed his chest with his thumb. “We consummated it last night. I ingested your blood, I healed you, we had sex”—he ticked off the points with his fingers as he listed them out loud—“so why are they still acting as if they have a shot in hell of getting into your pants?” He eyed those pants with appreciation.
“I see great sex hasn’t made you any less crude,” Sydney commented calmly, and damned if he didn’t like the way she assumed the sex had been great. Of course, he’d been very vocal in his praise last night, so he supposed she had a right.
“And to answer your question, I have no idea,” she said as she breezed past him and glided into the kitchen.
Glided? Great sex had fucked up his brain, that’s for certain. Gavin shook his head again and followed her. Sydney pulled the empty coffee carafe off the burner, put it into the sink, and filled it with water. Gavin offered his half-full mug and she took a sip before handing it back to him.
“William, do you have any idea why all these shifters appear to still believe I am not yet mated?” she asked as she measured coffee grounds into the filter and then turned on the coffee maker.
“Possibly,” he hedged, and then handed Gavin another plate loaded with pancakes and asked, “What is this idea for a larger place?”
Gavin took the platter into the dining room, keeping his ears tuned to the conversation in the kitchen.
“Your aunt’s place, up north. The house itself is pretty big, plus the pole barn is heated, and with all the muscle around here, I don’t think it would be very difficult to convert it into a sort of barracks. Plus, she lives on, like, seventy acres, so we could all train without anyone questioning what we’re doing.”
Gavin returned to the kitchen. “Is this the kind of stuff you think about while I’m banging your brains out?”
William wrinkled his nose and Sydney rolled her eyes. “We had sex frequently enough last night to fill my quota for a while. Keep it up and I’ll cut you off for a month.”
Gavin snorted. “Liar.”
“It’s not a bad idea,” William commented.
Gavin felt his eyes go round. “Cutting me off is a lousy idea.”
William and Sydney both gave him get real looks and he realized the rest of the world did not currently revolve around his sex life. At all, he thought, when he spotted one of the newest shifters eyeing Sydney’s ass. Gavin growled, deep in his throat, and the guy quickly averted his gaze.
“How long do you think we have before they attack?” Sydney asked him.
He wondered when she’d become so damn confident and self-assured. Was it the sex? Or had it been his reassurances last night that he was the baddest-ass shifter around, and so long as she was his mate, she had nothing to worry about?
He liked the fact that she believed him, because he was plenty worried enough for both of them. He may be a badass, but if the Rakshasa gathered enough numbers, well, numbers almost always won, in his book. Gloria and Hernandez had been proof positive of that.
“A little time. First, they have to figure out where we are, which I suspect they’ll have done by the end of the weekend, if they don’t know already. They could have followed us last night. I wasn’t paying enough attention to be sure. I was more focused on getting the kid back here so he could get medical aid.” That was a lie. He’d been in a near-panic, needing to see for himself that Sydney was okay. When he realized why the Rakshasa tortured the poor kid, all he could think about was protecting Sydney.
“After they figure out where we’re holed up, they’ll watch us for a little while, so they know exactly what they’re up against. Since our motley group is currently pretty damn pathetic, if we stay here, I’d say they’ll attack by next weekend. If we move, it’ll definitely buy us time.” He shrugged.
Sydney turned to William. “Call your aunt.”
***
William was a thousand-year-old Fate. If he had any aunts when he was human, they’d died a very, very long time ago. His aunt wasn’t, of course, really his aunt. Her name was Hilde, and she was a fellow Fate who pitched in every now and then to help out when needed. Considering the lack of Chala to protect, she had little else to do with her immortal time.
She didn’t even hesitate to agree to help this time, especially when William mentioned it was Sydney’s life at stake. Hilde, like William, had a soft spot for the sweet, young Chala.
“What is it with you?” Gavin asked. “The whole damn world adores you like you’re the frigging Pied Piper. I don’t get it.”
Sydney rolled her eyes. “Somebody has to counteract your incredibly charming personality.”
“I’ve already contacted my boss and told her I have to go out of town for a family emergency,” William said, interrupting the conversation before it turned into an argument.
“Oh my God,” Sydney blurted. “I totally forgot about my job. I have five events this month. I can’t leave now.”
Gavin stared at her. “They’re goddamned parties, Sydney. It won’t be the end of the world if you can’t work there anymore.”
“What do you mean, anymore? We’re just taking a small hiatus.” Her head swiveled around to look at William. “Right?”
He gave her a sympathetic look. “Sweetie, this isn’t a hiatus. This is the real deal. We likely aren’t coming back here. It’s far too dangerous. Now that the Rakshasa are aware of your presence, they will continue to search for you until either they are killed or you are. I’m sorry, Sydney.” He reached out and ran his hand over her hair.
Sydney batted his hand away, the reality of the situation obviously hitting her harder than she expected. Gavin grabbed her and, despite her feeble attempts to get away, pulled her into his arms and pushed her face into his shoulder, holding her tightly while she sniffled and struggled to get out of his grasp.
“Why are you still here?” he demanded of the Fate, as he glared at William over Sydney’s shoulder.
William’s gaze shifted to the side before he spoke. “Well, we normally have about forty-eight hours to gather our things and say good-bye.” And then he frowned. “But I don’t feel the same as I have in the past.”
“What does that mean?” Gavin asked. Sydney stopped struggling to get out of his arms. He knew she was listening intently to William’s words.
“Normally, the connection I have with my charges sort of goes away when they take a mate,” William said haltingly. He lifted his gaze and looked Gavin full in the eyes. “But I still feel the connection with Sydney.”
Sydney glanced at Gavin. “Does this mean we aren’t really mated?”
Gavin tightened his grip on her waist and shook his head. “No. It means you get the bonus package.” He reminded Sydney that she needed to let her employer know she would no longer be managing their events. 
While the distraction pulled her back to her current predicament, it also had the added effect of shifting her focus away from the fact that if she were truly Gavin’s mate, William would be packing his bags and heading to wherever Fates go once their charges have been released from their protection. Instead, William packed his bags to go with them to Hilde’s home in northern Michigan. Even as the Fate’s presence made Gavin nervous about his connection with Sydney, it was also reassuring, because William had a great deal of knowledge they would undoubtedly need if they wanted to keep Sydney alive.
And that was definitely high on his priority list.
***
Sydney decided it was lucky that most of the occupants of the house had their own vehicles. Even more convenient, the shifters from the Deep South arrived in a parade of pickup trucks, so there was plenty of room to pack clothes, linens, toiletries, and, so it turned out, half the kitchen as well.
“Hilde lives alone.” William’s tone was defensive when he handed Gavin a box full of kitchen utensils. “And someone has to feed all you hungry animals.”
The final argument was whether Sydney would drive her own car, which of course Gavin nixed. “I’m not letting you out of my sight,” he declared, his eyes glowing faintly.
“Okay, that’s just ridiculous. You can’t possibly keep me within your eyesight every single moment of every single day.”
“Watch me,” he challenged.
In the end, it was easier to let him have his way than to stand there, wasting precious time arguing about it. He’d already told her he reasonably certain the Rakshasa had not yet figured out where she lived, because he’d sent Hugo and two other seasoned shifters out to scout the neighborhood, and they reported back that they’d unearthed no Rakshasa, nor any Rakshasa scents. Leaving sooner rather than later bought them much-needed time.
“Besides,” Gavin said in a blatant attempt at placating her, “if you leave your car here, they will assume that either you are still in town, or wherever you went, you took a plane to get there. It could buy us even more time.”
Time, she knew, was what they needed more than anything else. As the caravan merged onto the freeway and headed north, she and Gavin analyzed each of the shifters who had so far joined their ranks, and the analysis wasn’t pretty. A handful, like Hugo and Ignacio, were old enough to have seen and survived enough battles that they could be worthy adversaries. But for every seasoned shifter, there were five young enough to have not yet experienced their first battle.
“How are there Light Ones who are so young, if there are no more Chala in the world?” Sydney wanted to know.
“Female Light Ones are infertile, unless they are born as Chala. But male Light Ones and Chala can mate with humans, too, like your great-great-great-grandmother did. But the gene that creates Light Ones and Chala is recessive, as I understand it, so the likelihood of producing a shifter instead of a human is slim. Plus, if the parents are far enough removed that they aren’t aware they have a shifter gene, the kid could grow up and not even know what he is, at least until he outlives everyone else around him and still doesn’t look any older than twenty-five.”
Sydney watched the scenery fly by outside the passenger side window. “It’s really necessary for you and me to have children, isn’t it?” she asked quietly.
Gavin slid a sideways glance in her direction. “At some point, yes. This battle will undoubtedly result in casualties on our side, no matter how well trained we are. The Light One population is so low right now compared to the Rakshasa, every one we lose makes a big impact.”
“How come the Rakshasa don’t have the same problem?”
Gavin hesitated, which told her whatever he intended to say, it was not the entire story. Considering her abysmal lack of knowledge about him or even her own kind, she had no choice but to accept whatever he told her, half the story or not.
“Female Rakshasa don’t have the infertility problem that Light Ones do. Or maybe Rakshasa have unprotected sex more frequently.” He shrugged. “As far as I can tell, male Light Ones used to tend to hold out, hoping to meet a Chala, instead of mating with the first available chick who struck their fancy. By the time they realized the error of their ways, it was too late. There were almost no Chala left, leaving the male Light Ones with only humans or infertile shifters to mate with, and like I said, it’s a recessive gene. Result? Not a whole lot of Light Ones in the world.”
Sydney blew out a breath. “It’s really stressful feeling as if the future of your kind lies on your shoulders.”
He reached over and twined his fingers with hers. “I’ll do my damnedest to ensure you aren’t stressed during the process of creating that future.”
His tone was flip, but Sydney heard the underlying steel beneath the words. Her heart gave an unexpected flutter, although she forced a laugh, so he would not suspect she understood what he wasn’t saying.
He would protect her, he would take care of her.
He cared for her.
***
Hilde lived approximately four hours north of Detroit. Gavin instructed everyone to drive straight there, without making a single pit stop. The fact that they were in vehicles and left no discernible scents in any towns save the one they left and the one they arrived in, would, he knew, also buy them time.
They arrived at Hilde’s place during the early afternoon. Since they had only a few hours of daylight left and a great deal to do, Gavin and William immediately set about issuing orders and putting everyone to work. The trucks were unloaded and sent into the nearest town to load up with lumber and sheet rock and other necessary supplies to convert the pole barn into a barracks. The remaining shifters were set to work emptying the pole barn of a hundred years’ worth of mostly useless junk.
Hilde lived in an old farmhouse situated on a fan-shaped piece of land with about thirty feet of sandy frontage on a crystal-clear lake, and opened up to densely wooded property behind the house. Her house was surrounded by state land, which meant she had few neighbors.
The farmhouse had been added on to over the years, turning it into a massive wooden structure with white plank siding and a large wraparound porch. Despite the size and the number of bedrooms inside the house, it was not large enough to accommodate what had become nearly fifty Light Ones by this point. The pole barn located about thirty yards behind the house was the perfect solution.
Behind the pole barn was a half-acre clearing that Hilde normally used to grow a garden. Gavin paced around the perimeter and declared it perfect to use as a training ground.
He had no doubt the Rakshasa would find them eventually, but the longer he could put off the inevitable, the better. He needed to train his men, he needed to prepare, but mostly, he needed more time with Sydney.
He was reasonably certain that every shifter in his strange little army would fight to the death to protect their Chala, so he wasn’t as worried about Sydney’s death as he was his own. He told the truth when he told her he once was the Rakshasa’s leader, and therefore knew how they worked. They were a cunning and highly skilled set of warriors. And they would go after the center of the machine—the cog that kept it all together and kept everything running smoothly.
They would go after him.
Luckily, no one else knew this about the enemy. Everyone else assumed Sydney was the target, and they would protect her appropriately. Which was exactly the way Gavin wanted it.
Much later that evening, after everyone was settled in and many were already sleeping, Gavin sought out William and convinced him to take a walk outside, just the two of them.
“I told you, you aren’t my type, Rakshasa,” William commented as they slipped out the kitchen door and wandered along the shoveled path between the house and the pole barn. No one else was outside at the moment, which was just the way Gavin wanted it.
“Thank the Fates for small favors,” he replied. After a few moments of silent walking, William inquired as to why they were wandering about in sub-zero temperatures.
“Sydney is my mate now,” Gavin started, haltingly. “But if I die, she won’t feel any, um, urges to want to kill herself, will she?”
“Worried, Rakshasa? I thought you were the best there is.”
“There is always the possibility of death when you go into battle. You know this as well as I do.”
“True.”
“So answer the damn question. Will she feel the urge to kill herself?”
William contemplated his answer for a few moments. “She has developed feelings for you, against my better judgment.” 
“That isn’t what I asked.” Although it was nice to know.
“Sydney is special.” It sounded as if he was choosing his words with care. “She would be heartbroken if you die, but no, she would not feel the urge to kill herself. Not in the way a Light One does when his Chala dies.”
Gavin let out a breath he did not even realize he was holding. “That’s a relief.” It would be even better if she changed her mind about the whole childbearing thing before the Rakshasa found them. It would be nice to know he’d left her with his seed growing in her belly. One step at a time, though.
William hesitated, and then said, “Gavin, there is something you should know.”
“What?”
“Sydney isn’t your mate.”
Gavin snorted. “Haven’t we been over this? Do you want to watch next time?” He made a show of looking at his wrist, even though he didn’t wear a watch. “If you want, come into our bedroom in about twenty minutes. I plan to be buried inside her by that time.”
“I don’t understand what she sees in you,” William said. “You are the crudest man I have ever met. And it doesn’t matter how many times or how many different ways you have sex with her. It doesn’t matter if you ingest her blood again. It doesn’t matter if you get her with child. She will never be your mate. Not officially. Not as a Chala.”
Gavin stopped walking. William continued several more paces before he realized the other man was no longer at his side. He stopped and turned around. Gavin tried hard to school his features, but he could tell by the sympathetic look on William’s face that he’d failed.
“I’m sorry,” William said. “But you need to know. You need to know so you can let her go, let her mate with another.” 
Gavin stared at the Fate. “But…”
William shook his head sadly. “You are a cursed Rakshasa, Gavin. You are not a Light One, even if you do feel like a Light One. And Rakshasa do not mate with the Chala.”
“That’s why you haven’t left.” 
“Yes.” 
“You know this for a fact?” Gavin demanded.
“It’s the way it is. I’m sorry.”
“Maybe she’s not the only one.” Maybe there was another Chala in the world, somewhere, anywhere, and she could be responsible for repopulating the Light Ones. 
William hesitated. “I’ve searched. I’ve had others searching. I did not want to believe it, either. But we haven’t been able to locate a single other Chala. What if Sydney is the last of her kind? What if she really is the last hope for the Light Ones? With your curse, you know you can’t keep her from her destiny.”
“Damn it.” Gavin kicked at the snow. “She’s mine.”
“I’m sorry, Gavin.”
“Goddamn it!”


CHAPTER NINE

Training officially began the following morning. They borrowed Hilde’s snowplow and cleared the garden area behind the pole barn, and the first thing Gavin did was get into a heated argument with Sydney because she insisted on joining them.
She hadn’t expected him to be so adamant, after the night before. When he joined her in bed that night, there had been an intensity about him that had both been thrilling and slightly frightening. It was almost as if he needed to couple with her. She had the strangest feeling that in his mind, he honestly believed it.
Afterward, he had been reluctant to let her go again, as if he needed to touch her, to be inside her. As if he felt that if he pulled out, he might never have the chance to couple with her again. He clung to her, and they fell asleep that way, and he’d still been inside her when they woke up this morning. So they made love again, with that same intensity, and she was certain the only reason they even climbed out of bed at all was because William pounded on the door and informed them he was sending the entire household in after them if they did not get up in the next five minutes.
And here they were, arguing in front of everyone, because Gavin was too damned stubborn to see that she needed to train too. She needed to defend herself. She could not, she would not rely on everyone else to protect her. And he had to understand. Well, he didn’t have to understand, she supposed, but he did have to let her.
“Keep pushing me and I’m going to use my magic mojo on you,” Sydney warned, finally losing her temper.
Gavin snorted. “You don’t even know how to control whatever the hell magic you possess.”
She focused on some point over his shoulder. When he turned to see what she was looking at, he received a snowball in the face. When he spun back around, Sydney smirked. She heard several sniggers from the other shifters standing nearby. He stabbed his finger into her chest, his silver-blue eyes glowing like white embers.
“You want to train? Get ready, Chala. I’m about to kick your ass.”
***
He was right, of course, but Sydney would be damned if she’d admit it. Instead, after practice, she had Hilde stand guard while she soaked in a tubful of steaming water. Unfortunately, Hilde was no match for Gavin when he was determined, and Sydney barely had a chance to enjoy the heat before he stood over her, watching her with that same intensity that gave her chills and heated her insides all at the same time.
Without a word, he shed his clothing and climbed into the tub, sliding down behind her, and pulling her up flush against his chest. His erection pressed against her backside, and his touch was already healing her overworked muscles. He picked up a washcloth, rolled the bar of soap for a moment, and then smoothed the washcloth slowly over her shoulder, down onto her chest, and over her breasts.
When he brushed the soapy cloth over her nipples, she sucked in a breath and clenched her inner muscles, lifting slightly off his lap. When she slid back down, his erection was nestled between her folds. She rotated her hips and they both hissed as they exhaled together.
“We fit each other,” he murmured, as he shifted, pressing his erection closer to her opening. She squirmed impatiently and he dropped the washcloth so his hand could travel south, under the water, over her stomach, until his fingers touched tight little curls.
She let her head loll onto his shoulder. “We do,” she agreed.
“Do you think it’d be like this with anyone else?”
Sydney smiled. “There won’t ever be anyone else.”
He grabbed her hips and thrust, filling her. She arched her back and turned her head, seeking his lips. He twisted one hand into her hair and held her there, so he could kiss her and make love to her at the same time.
“Wait,” Sydney said, breaking the kiss. “Stop.”
“What?” Gavin gasped, freezing mid-thrust, grasping her hips and holding her while she practically hovered there. She could feel his dick pulsing inside her and she squirmed because damn, this felt so good.  
Apparently taking her movements as consent, he pushed deeper into her and groaned, his hold on her hip tightening as he thrust in and out with wild abandon. Forgetting why she’d even asked him to stop, she grabbed a fistful of his hair and the side of the tub and met him thrust for thrust as water sloshed over the sides, until her orgasm slammed into her, flooding her senses, roaring through her system with enough force that she was only dimly aware that he’d found his own release. 
She collapsed back against his chest, sending more water over the sides of the tub. They lay like that for long moments. Sydney was pretty sure she dozed off for a time. But then reality intruded, and crap, she recalled why she’d asked him to stop. She sat up and climbed out of the bath, grabbing a towel and wrapping it around herself.
“Did you do that on purpose?” she demanded as she snatched a second towel and began to dry her hair.
“Do what? Have sex with you? Hell yes, I did.” He stood, and she turned away from the sight of water sloughing off his perfectly chiseled and lickable body.
“Had sex without protection,” she qualified. 
He glanced down at himself, at his flaccid dick, at the lack of condom covering it. “Oh shit.” But then he shrugged. “No, that wasn’t on purpose, but I’m not sorry it happened.” 
Her mouth fell open. How could he be so glib? What if she ended up pregnant? They were preparing for war, for God’s sake!  
“I told you I’m not ready. But you just don’t listen, do you? Damn it, Gavin, I can’t live like this. You have to learn to respect my feelings.” 
She flung a towel at him and stormed out of the bathroom.
***
Okay, yes, he probably shouldn’t have been so chill about having sex with her without a condom. About the idea that he’d implanted his prodigy in her womb. The next generation of Chala. Or Light Ones. Hell, it didn’t even matter, so long as it was a child he’d created with Sydney. 
Except she was right, as she’d pointed out when she shoved his duffle bag into his chest and slammed the bedroom door in his face; they were preparing for war and it was a lousy time for her to end up pregnant.
And let’s not forget the bomb William had dropped. Sydney obviously didn’t know they weren’t actually mates, and fuck if Gavin could bring himself to tell her. Especially after those precious and amazing moments in the bathtub together. Even if she didn’t end up pregnant, that was definitely in his top ten of all-time best sex experiences.
For the record, his entire top ten involved Sydney. 
Regardless of how awesome he thought the sex was, he’d slept on the floor in the living room for the past two days. And it was two days of pure and utter purgatory. How the hell was he supposed to give her up to someone else—permanently—when he couldn’t bear to be without her for two lousy days?
Light Ones continued to arrive, almost on a daily basis. It was mind-blowing really, that every frigging Light One in the world could find them, but not a single Rakshasa had become aware of their location. He had scouts positioned on the perimeter of the lands as well as out by the freeway, since that was the most logical way they would arrive. So far, the only sign of shifters were Light Ones.
“It’s because of Sydney,” William informed him, during their first conversation since he made his big, devastating announcement. 
“Until she mates with a Light One, they will continue to seek her out. And eventually, they will lead the Rakshasa to us, inadvertent as it might be.”
“You’re just chockfull of joy and happiness, aren’t you?” Gavin replied acidly, and then he strode away.
For two weeks, he trained the Light Ones mercilessly. He whipped them into shape, forcing them through drill after drill of strengthening exercises, before moving on to basic fighting moves. Someone asked when they were going to get to battle with weapons and Gavin challenged him to a fistfight, besting him in no time flat. With the kid lying flat on his back in the snow, his lips and nose bleeding, one eye already swelling, Gavin snarled, “You don’t get to use weapons until you learn how to defend yourself with your hands.”  
Despite his growing feelings for Sydney, Gavin found himself studying his army, watching them, analyzing them…and trying to figure out if one of them would be good enough to be her mate. To lay with her, to pleasure her, to give her a child. To give her multiple children. A handful of boys and girls each would be nice. Chala and Light Ones. The very thing Gavin wished he could give her.
William somehow figured out his plan, and had his own opinion. “Go with Quentin. He’ll do only what’s necessary to get her with child. That way, you won’t lay awake at night, torturing yourself with thoughts of her falling in love with someone else.”
Gavin growled at him. “Why? So you’ll have your boy toy close at hand?”
William gave Quentin a look of intense longing from across the yard.
“Unfortunately, that has nothing to do with it. When Sydney takes a Light One to mate, I will be forced to let her go, too.” 
As far as Gavin was concerned, the only person who would win in this whole saving the world routine was whoever was lucky enough to be Sydney’s mate. Well, him and the rest of the world. Bastard.
***
By the end of the second week he’d made his choice. He hated it, of course, but he didn’t have any other option. The curse would not let him be selfish, not in this respect.
He had to give Prim props. The Fate knew what the hell she was doing. He would be utterly miserable, probably would at some point sacrifice himself for the sake of the battle, but at least Sydney would be free to mate with the correct type of shifter, and thus, eventually, save the world.
His name was Brandon Haines, and he hailed from Texas. He was 224 years old and was a direct descendent of a Chala. He had streaked blond hair and pale blue eyes and a chiseled, Greek god-like body. He was quiet and emanated confidence, and with good reason. He was by far the finest of Gavin’s entire army. Even Hugo couldn’t best him. Gavin had, but he’d struggled far more than he had with anyone else.
He was also one of the few who had made his way to their private training grounds not because he hoped to mate with the Chala, but because he sensed something big was going down, and he wanted to be part of it. Gavin thought it was odd that he wasn’t fawning over Sydney like everyone else was, until he followed Brandon one night, and discovered he regularly paid visits to a hole-in-the-wall bar in the nearest town, hooking up with one of the human bartenders at the end of her shift, before heading back to Hilde’s home, and another day of grueling practice. He never once complained, and he never bragged about his conquest. Gavin had to give him props.
Sydney, too, was coming along swimmingly. Amazingly so, considering she’d lived thirty years believing she was human, and, despite what she said when she first met him, had absolutely no defensive training whatsoever. But she had determination on her side, and a fierce desire to not be the weakest link in the chain.
She had no worries in that respect. After only two weeks, she could best half the team in one-on-one, hand-to-hand combat. Granted, they were all still mooning after her and too many refused to actually try very hard, but nonetheless, enough of them did give it their all, and she still won. Gavin couldn’t have been more proud. And so, reluctantly, he began to team her with Brandon during practice. Just to see how well they worked together.
He was torn between disappointment and elation when they quickly became an almost inseparable team on the practice field. They’d begun to spend more and more time together off the practice field, too. So much so that the green-eyed monster roared to life inside Gavin, despite the fact that Brandon was the one he chose for her, and he should be happy they were getting along so well.
“So he’s the one, is he?”
Gavin glanced over his shoulder at William, who had stepped up next to him. Sydney and Brandon had started an impromptu snowball fight, and Gavin was keeping his distance, having no desire to get thwacked in the head with a ball of frozen water. 
“Do you approve?” Gavin asked the Fate. He wasn’t sure he actually cared about the Fate’s opinion, but William cared about Sydney, and Gavin figured the Fate would sleep better at night if he knew Sydney was in capable hands.
William watched the flurry of wintery activity for a few moments. “He isn’t you,” he said after a while.
Gavin shrugged, feigning indifference.
“What will you do? When you let her go?”
Drown myself in a pool of misery. The thought was so ridiculously poetic, he almost laughed.
“There’s a girl, down in Detroit. I’ll probably let her help me forget, for a while. Then…who knows?”
“You think you can ever forget?”
“You think I have a choice?”
Before William could respond, if he intended to at all, Sydney rushed up to them, with Brandon walking sedately behind her, a slight smile on his lips. It wasn’t a cocky smile. It was just an “I’m in a good place” smile.
It occurred to Gavin that Brandon was better for Sydney than he was in a lot of ways. He had a lot of baggage, in the form of his curse that would never go away, no matter how many centuries he and Sydney got to spend together. As far as he could tell, Brandon didn’t have a single excess bag in his lot.
Laughing, Sydney wrapped her arms around Gavin’s waist and swung herself back and forth, lifting her face to the sky and closing her eyes, a look of almost pure, utter bliss on her face. She was so freaking beautiful, it took Gavin’s breath away. He blinked and realized both William and Brandon were watching him intently. He cleared his throat and dislodged Sydney’s arms from around his body.
“Hey, what do y’all think about heading to that bar, over near the interstate? We could use a break, don’t you think, boss?” Brandon’s gaze flicked to Sydney and then settled on Gavin, almost as if he couldn’t decide which one of them was the boss.
Gavin had begun to notice that a lot lately. The more involved she became in practice and training and strategy-planning, the more the rest of the group looked to her for leadership. Gavin suspected that if he did die, they would all simply turn to Sydney and wait for her to dictate the next move.
Before Gavin could give his assent, Sydney said, “Let’s see if anyone else wants to go.”
Inspiration struck at that moment. “No,” Gavin said. “Let’s just go. Just us. You, me, Brandon, and the Fate here. Don’t you get tired of having everyone else around, all the time?”
If she wondered why he included Brandon in their small group, she didn’t mention it. Probably, she figured it was because he was standing there at the time, and it had been his idea, after all.
They piled into Brandon’s extended cab pickup truck and headed into town. Sydney sat up front with Brandon, and Gavin was annoyed when she dropped her arm over the back of the seat and groped around for his hand to hold. She was supposed to be getting closer to Brandon, not displaying her affection for Gavin. He glared at the Fate when William covered a laugh with a fake cough. He was getting too damn much enjoyment out of this.
The bar was a squat, rectangular building surrounded by asphalt and aging pickup trucks. A neon sign flashed, advertising a specific brand of beer, and the beginning strains of “Free Bird” could be heard drifting through the closed entrance door. Brandon’s truck was the youngest in the lot.
“I remember coming here for ice cream in the summer, when I was a teenager,” Sydney said, turning to William and smiling. She climbed out of the truck and paused, frowning.
“What is it?” Gavin was at her side in an instant.
“I don’t know. A weird sensation. Like when I met you, and when that Rakshasa attacked me, down in Detroit.”
Gavin stepped in front of her and scanned the surrounding area. Had the Rakshasa finally found them? They were almost completely helpless out here at this tiny bar, with the rest of their crew a solid ten miles away and oblivious to the situation.
Brandon pointed at a cluster of old oak trees in the distance. “There’s a scout right there, watching us. One of our own. He would have warned us if something wasn’t right. I’m sure it’s his presence you’re feeling.”
Sydney stared at the cluster of trees for a few moments.
“Do you want to go back?”
She shook her head. “No. Brandon’s right, I’m sure. Come on, let’s go inside. We need this, just to relax and turn it all off for a little while.”
They headed inside. It was still early on a Thursday afternoon, so there were only a handful of patrons sitting at the bar and clustered around small tables near a chipped vinyl dance floor. A large mirror, etched with the word ‘Budweiser,’ hung over the bar. The standard array of liquor bottles lined the shelf under the mirror. A twenty-something woman with tattoos on her arms and a ring in her nose tended bar. Another young woman cocktailed the few tables containing patrons.
“Not the bar. I don’t like to have my back to the door,” Gavin stated when Brandon started walking that way. 
“Over there, then,” Brandon suggested, pointing at a four-top table in a windowless corner, far from the door. The restrooms were on the opposite end of the room, down a short hallway next to the bar.
“I’m going to go feed the jukebox, find some better music,” William said as he wrinkled his nose.
Sydney laughed. “I’ll go with you to make sure you don’t embarrass us too much with your taste in music.” As they crossed the dance floor they argued over which artist and song was better.
Brandon and Gavin claimed the four-top. The bartender hung over the end of the bar, asked for their orders. Gavin ordered wine for William and water for Sydney—they didn’t know yet if she was pregnant—and a shot of Jack, neat, for himself. Brandon ordered a beer, drawled that the bartender knew what he liked. She smiled the sort of smile that indicated yes, she knew precisely what he liked.
Now or never, Gavin decided. He didn’t think Brandon held any feelings for the human bartender, but just in case, he wanted to nip that relationship in the bud. And tear out his own heart in the process.
“I want you to mate with her,” Gavin blurted before he lost his nerve. The words felt like glass, scraping his throat.
Brandon blinked. “Who?”
“Sydney.”
“The Chala?”
“Yeah, but I recommend you not call her that, at least not to her face. She doesn’t appreciate it in the same way you and I do.”
“What the hell are you getting at, Gavin?” 
Why was he angry? Wasn’t it every Light One’s dream to mate with a Chala?
The bartender placed their drinks on the end of the bar. Gavin stood and transferred them to the table and waited for her to walk far enough away that she would not overhear their conversation. A quick glance told him Sydney and William were still hovering near the jukebox. William’s flapping arms indicated they were arguing over the playlist. Good. Gavin clearly needed a little time to persuade Brandon.
Which was weird. Why did he need to persuade the guy?
“You can’t tell me you don’t wish to mate with a Chala? You are a Light One, aren’t you?” Of course he was. Gavin’s senses didn’t lie.
“Yeah, I’m a Light One, and no, I don’t want to mate with the Chala.”
Gavin stared at him. “I thought the urge to mate with a Chala was inbred or some shit. I’m not even a real Light One and I felt the urge when I met her.”
Brandon gave him a funny look. He picked up his beer and took a swig. “I thought you and the Chala were…you know.”
Gavin turned away from his companion and watched Sydney and William, still standing in front of the jukebox, still arguing over the playlist. Her hair hung loose around her shoulders, a golden cloud around her head. Her cheeks were still flushed from the chill air outside. She wore a red wool pea coat—a gift from him, since he’d ruined her Pillsbury Doughboy coat—and a simple V-neck shirt with a pair of gray yoga pants. She wasn’t even trying and she was beautiful.
“We were.” He choked on the words. “We are. We…can’t.”
“Can’t?”
Gavin shook his head and did not take his gaze off the love of his life. How quickly he had fallen. How devastated he would be when she left him to mate with Brandon.
“Regardless of this curse, I am still Rakshasa. And Rakshasa cannot mate with Chala.”
“You can’t mate with her?” 
Gavin sipped his drink and shook his head.
“Does she know this?”
“No.”
“If Chala and Rakshasa can’t mate…”
“She might be the last Chala on earth.” His voice cracked. “I can’t let down the Light Ones like that.”
“You love her,” Brandon said, as if he were shocked by the revelation, as if he had not guessed it until that moment.
“What did you think? Why else would I be here, hiding her, protecting her? Surrounded on all sides by Light Ones. Training you all so you can defend her against my kind.”
“And now you want to give her to me? She doesn’t strike me as the type to appreciate being given away, like a prize.”
Gavin lifted one corner of his mouth in a sardonic smile. “Not in the least. You would do well to remember that. She doesn’t like to believe she is the last hope of her kind, of your kind. She refuses to do as she’s told. She is as stubborn as the day is long.”
“Doesn’t sound like much of a catch.”
Gavin chuckled. “She is also the most beautiful creature I have ever laid eyes on. She is loyal and loving and sincere and honest and passionate as well. You could not choose a better mate.”
Brandon gave the Chala a dubious look. “I’m not sure we see her in quite the same light.”
“I don’t get it. Every other Light One who has shown up on our doorstep fawns over her as if she were a goddess. You are the only one who seems…immune, I guess is the best word. Why is that?”
Brandon raked one hand through his hair while he used the other to lift the beer bottle to his lips. He seemed agitated. 
Something wasn’t right. 
Gavin narrowed his eyes and studied the Light One. With his dark-blond hair and pale, pale eyes, the sharp line of muscle underneath his thin sweater, the well-groomed almost-beard on his face, he was the sort of man women of any species would find attractive. While Gavin wasn’t exactly an expert on the attractiveness of the male sex, he suspected Brandon was the best-looking of the bunch of shifters who had joined their cause. 
“Some things happened.” Brandon’s voice was stilted. “When I was a baby. Too young. Left a bitter taste in my mouth. I’m not interested in mating to a Chala, or anyone, but especially a Chala.”
Gavin leaned forward. Something in what he said… “What happened?”
Brandon’s gaze darted to the jukebox, to the bar, back to Gavin, and then slid away again. “Shit. You really do love her, don’t you? You love her so much you’re willing to give her up in order to save my kind. Fuck.” He swiped his hand to the side, sending the half-empty beer bottle skittering across the table. It slammed into the wall and shattered, spraying both of them with beer and glass.
“What the—” Gavin did not get to finish the sentence. 
Brandon shouted at the bartender to, “Get the hell out of here.” Then he leaped from his seat and ran across the bar toward the jukebox, where Sydney and William had stopped arguing and were staring at Gavin with wide eyes.
He saw Sydney’s mouth form the word, “No!” She started as if she meant to run toward Gavin. Brandon caught her around the waist and kept her from doing so. Sydney screamed his name.
At the same time, a door he hadn’t even realized was there opened and a wave of Rakasha poured through.
“Son of a—” Gavin leaped to his feet and prepared to fight. To the death, if need be.
At least he knew Sydney was in good hands.


CHAPTER TEN

“Gavin,” Sydney screamed as she fought against the steel bands of Brandon’s arms. “Gavin!” She clawed and kicked and shrieked.
Gavin was being attacked. So many Rakshasa, she couldn’t even count. They were moving so fast, she could hardly keep track of him in the melee.
“I’ll go help,” William announced in a surprisingly valiant move. He stabbed his finger at Brandon. “Protect her,” he commanded. “With your life.”
“No,” Sydney cried as William tottered off across the dance floor, trying not to stumble in his high-heeled boots. She struggled to turn around in Brandon’s arm, so she could grab the front of his shirt and look him in the face. “They’re attacking Gavin. Why are they attacking Gavin? Shouldn’t they be attacking me?”
“Yes,” Brandon said, his face grim. “That’s why I need to get you to safety, before they realize you’re here.”
She continued to fight him as he dragged her toward the door. She was lucid enough to realize all the humans who had been in the bar when they arrived were now gone. The only beings in the bar were her, Brandon, William, Gavin, and the wave of Rakshasa surrounding Gavin and William, who stood back to back, fending them off as they attacked.
“Why are they attacking Gavin?” she asked again. It didn’t make any sense, unless someone had failed to tell her something about her existence, the existence of the Rakshasa, and the Light Ones. As far as she understood this world that was still so foreign, they should be attacking her right now.
Brandon continued to drag her toward the door, even as she fought his progress. She had to get to Gavin. She had to help him.
 “It’s a trap, Sydney. They’re here for Gavin, but you’d be one hell of a bonus prize, and I’m not about to give you to them.”
She dug in her heels, keeping him from pushing her out the door. “I’m not leaving until you explain. Tell me, Brandon,” she demanded when he did not immediately respond. 
Brandon’s gaze shifted to the left, toward the bar area. “They’re getting paid a hefty sum of money to eliminate him. That’s all I can tell you. Now come on, before they pick up your scent.” He took another step toward the door.
She watched as a chair was lifted and smashed against someone’s back. A beer bottle cracked against a head, and then another and another until it shattered. Fists flew, legs kicked, bodies shifted and moved, grunting and shouting and crying out in pain.
“Gavin!” She renewed her attempt to break free of Brandon’s grasp so she could rush across the room to help. Brandon tightened his hold around her waist.
“No. Goddamn it, Sydney, listen to me. You can’t go over there. Do you hear me? Are you listening to me?” She shook her head, refusing to listen. He finally resorted to slapping her.
She shook her head and glared at him. “Let me go this instant, Brandon. Gavin and William are outnumbered. I have to go help.”
“William’s a Fate, so if he dies, he just regenerates and comes back. And Gavin can take care of himself. You can’t.”
“Want to bet?” Sydney focused on his hands, the way Hilde taught her to. Of their own accord, Brandon’s arms suddenly flung away from her waist. She caught the incredulous look on his face as she bolted toward the bar. 
***
There are too many of them. Gavin was acutely aware of this, as he stood back to back with William, battling wave after wave of Rakshasa. They just kept coming. Too damn many.
He’d been combating the Rakshasa who lived in the Detroit area long enough to know this was far too many shifters. In fact, by his calculations, he would have guessed there were no more than half a dozen left in the entirety of Detroit. He was having a hard time keeping count, but he’d definitely counted more than six. More like thirty-six. At least.
He caught movement out of the corner of his eye. “Duck!” he yelled at William, who instinctively followed his command. Gavin kicked out his leg and caught the attacking Rakshasa in the gut, sending him sprawling backward.
“Thanks,” William said as he straightened and began swinging again. “But you know I can’t really die, right?”
Gavin blocked a punch and delivered one of his own. “Yeah, I know. But right now, you’re more help protecting my back than going off to wherever the hell you Fates go when your bodies are destroyed. Plus, Sydney would kick my ass if she knew I didn’t try to save you.”
William stopped speaking long enough to take out a nearby shifter. “I think you’re wrong, Gavin.”
“Then you don’t know Sydney very well,” Gavin said as he slammed the heads of two shifters together before kicking a third.
“Not about that, you idiot,” William snapped as he took a punch to the jaw. “About Brandon. I don’t think he’s the right shifter for Sydney.”
“What is this, some kind of Fate intuition? And why the hell are you telling me this now?”
“Because now is when I’ve just realized it.”
“Fine,” Gavin said as he continued to pummel shifters. “You pick her mate. Just make sure you get it right, got it? I swear, I’ll come back to haunt you if you don’t.”
“You aren’t going to die,” William declared, just as a fist crashed into his jaw with enough impact to send him staggering into Gavin.
“There are too damn many of them,” Gavin said. “And why the hell are they coming after us? Where’s Sydney?”
“With Brandon,” William replied as he fended off more and more shifters. 
“Hopefully Brandon realized what the hell is going on and got her out to safety,” Gavin said.
“If you’re in here, I can guarantee Sydney is not going to run for safety,” William replied.
“She better, or I’ll—” His words were cut short when a willowy blond woman suddenly sprinted toward him.
“Ah hell,” he said, just as she leaped onto the back of the nearest shifter. Without looking behind him, the shifter slammed his head back, head-butting Sydney in the forehead. She let go of him and dropped to the floor like a stone.
“Sydney!” Gavin shouted, and like a madman, he began fighting his way through the crush of shifters, making his way to his woman. 
Brandon rushed up, just a few steps behind Sydney. He spotted her lying on the floor and immediately bent, hooked his arms under her underarms, and hauled her toward the bar.
“Protect her,” Gavin commanded, glaring at Brandon. He turned back to William. “I need to lead them away from her,” he shouted. “I don’t think they realize.”
“Go,” William shouted back, pointing at the bar’s entrance. 
Gavin was relieved to see that as soon as the fighting broke out, the humans had the foresight to get the hell out of Dodge. At least he didn’t have to worry about protecting any of them. All he had to do was get the attacking Rakshasa away from Sydney—and hopefully save his own life in the process.
***
The crowd of Rakshasa followed Gavin out the door. William broke free of the fighting, rushed around behind the bar, and dropped to his knees next to Sydney’s head.
“Is she still alive?” he asked Brandon, his voice laced with fear.
“Yeah,” Brandon said grimly. “She’s breathing, but unconscious.”
“Gavin could heal her quickly,” William stated.
Brandon gave the Fate an unreadable look. Then he pushed to his feet. “Stay here with her, and I’ll go help Gavin.”
“Okay,” William said, but Brandon was already gone.
Sydney woke up a few minutes later. Her eyes fluttered open and William watched the play of emotion on her face as the reality of the situation slammed into her much in the way that Rakshasa’s head had. She put her palms on the floor and tried to push into a seated position, but William’s large, strong hand on her chest held her in place.
“Gavin.” She let out a gasp. “Where’s Gavin?”
“Outside,” William said. “Fighting them off. Protecting you.”
“No!” She struggled against his hand. “William, it’s a trap. They want him, not me. They’re going to kill him!”
William blinked. “Why would they want him over you?”
“I don’t know. But somebody paid them to kill Gavin.”
“Who?”
“I don’t know,” she snapped in exasperation. “Let me up!”
“Sydney, you got knocked out cold. You’re probably concussed. You need—” But it was useless to protest, and he knew it.
***
Sydney clambered to her feet, grasping the bar as her head swam, and black dots exploded before her eyes. She fought both nausea and unconsciousness. She had no time for either one. She had to save Gavin.
“We have to save him,” she grated out through clenched teeth. Damn, her head hurt.
“I beg to differ,” William said, and she realized he was standing next to her, his head on swivel, presumably watching for danger. “I know you hate the idea of it, but you are the singularly most important asset in this situation.”
“Where did they go?” she demanded when she finally noticed that they were alone in the bar.
“Outside. Fighting them off. Protecting you.”
She grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him so close they were practically nose-to-nose. “It’s a trap,” she snapped. “They want him, not me. They’re going to kill him!”
William blinked owlishly. “Why would they want him over you?”
“I don’t know, but someone paid them to kill Gavin.”
“What? Who?”
“I don’t know!” She threw up her arms and then grasped her head because holy hell, that hurt.
“Sydney, you got knocked out cold. You’re probably concussed. You need—”
“I need to go help Gavin.” 
“Oh, for the love of—” William grabbed her head and squeezed. 
“Hey!” she protested, but then she stopped as gentle warmth flooded her. Whatever he was doing felt really good. And then William pulled his hands away and the warmth disappeared as instantly as it came, leaving her head clear, except for a slight headache.
“Thanks,” she said as she rubbed her temple. “I didn’t know you could do that.”
“I’ve never had a need before,” he pointed out. “Well, if we’re going to go, let’s get to it. It’s pitch black out there, and for all I know, they’ve loaded him into a car and taken off with—” He never finished the sentence. 
He simply vanished.
Sydney whipped her head back and forth, but she was utterly alone in the bar. “William?” she called tentatively. “William? Where the hell did you go? How come you just disappeared?”
And then she recalled the time she and Gavin had been rolling around on the bed and Gavin muttered, “Oh Fates,” and suddenly William had been standing in the bedroom with them. Had Gavin summoned him? How come Gavin could summon her Fate?
“Thanks a lot, Gavin,” she said to the empty bar. “How the hell am I supposed to find you all? I’m lousy with directions, remember?”
Not surprisingly, she didn’t get a response. “Damn it,” she muttered as she hurried through the bar that was strewn with dead or dying shifters. At least Gavin wasn’t one of them. 
Outside, the only source of light emanated from a giant fluorescent bulb hanging over the front entrance of the building. There wasn’t even a light pole in the parking lot. And to top it all off, there was a new moon tonight.
“Lovely,” she muttered as she stepped out of the glare of the light in hopes that her eyes would adjust to the darkness. When they didn’t, she closed them, and tried to focus on listening. She hoped she could hear something, anything that would give her a clue as to where everyone went. 
Unfortunately, the night was so quiet, she didn’t even hear birds chirping or bugs making noise. Of course, it was the middle of winter—and late at night—but still. The only thing she could hear was the sound of cars zooming past on the freeway two miles to the east.
She squeezed her eyes more tightly, frustrated that she couldn’t hear anything, anything at all. Suddenly, a white light appeared behind her eyelids. It wasn’t the same as the dots she saw earlier when the concussion was affecting her. This was different. It was only one light, one large light, and it seemed to be trying to tell her something. She opened one eye, squinting—and the light was there, too. It bobbed a few feet in front of her, quivering slightly, as if it understood the sense of urgency she felt to find Gavin.
“Gavin?” she asked haltingly. She had no idea if he sent the light or not, but when she said his name, the thing darted around like a hummingbird, so she decided to believe that was its purpose. What the hell else could it be?
“Okay,” she said as she took a step toward the glowing ball. “Lead me to him.”
The ball bobbed in place for the space of two heartbeats, and then it zoomed away toward a nearby cluster of trees.
“Hang on!” she called as she struggled to catch up. “I can’t run that fast! Don’t lose me! Wait up!” She plunged into the snowbank at the edge of the parking lot, and waded through knee-deep snow, following the ball of light she fervently hoped was not leading her to her death.


CHAPTER ELEVEN

They aren’t killing me. Why aren’t they killing me?
These thoughts drifted through Gavin’s head as he floated in and out of consciousness. He was in the middle of the woods, his wrists tied with a thick length of rope that had been thrown over the lowest branch of a sturdy oak tree. One Rakshasa held the other end of the rope, keeping Gavin’s arms suspended above his head, while the rest took turns beating the hell out of him.
But their goal was not to kill him. That much was apparent to the one who had once ruled a Rakshasa pack. When he had been in charge, they didn’t mess around with torturing shifters or humans or Chala. They killed them outright. 
Speaking of Chala, he hoped to hell William was taking care of Sydney. Brandon better be too. Hopefully, William would get over whatever issues he had with Brandon. It was obvious Gavin wasn’t getting out of this experience alive. They hadn’t killed him yet, but they were keeping him alive for a reason. And once that reason made itself known, he would be dead. He knew it like he knew what it felt like to have Sydney’s arms wrapped around his waist, or her inner muscles wrapped around his cock.
At least he’d had the pleasure of that experience, almost nightly, for the past month. He could honestly say all his dreams had come true before dying. Well, almost. 
He hadn’t told Sydney he loved her—probably because he hadn’t even realized it until this moment. And he didn’t know if she was pregnant. If she was carrying his child in her womb. He decided to believe she was; he needed some sort of hope to grasp onto at the moment.
He must have passed out again, because suddenly, someone was slapping his face.
“You didn’t kill him, did you? We’re supposed to keep him alive, remember? You’d better not have—oh, there he is. Rise and shine, asshole. Welcome to your worst nightmare.” The face of an ugly shifter swam before Gavin’s blurred vision. He blinked blood out of his eyes and tried to focus.
“Definitely a nightmare,” Gavin muttered.
It took the shifter a moment to realize Gavin had insulted him. He slugged Gavin in the gut before someone else jerked his arm away.
“Knock it off. Alive, remember? Come on, I think he’s coming.”
“Who?” Gavin asked.
“None of your fucking business, asshole.” Another punch to the kidney.
“Fates,” Gavin gasped as he coughed up blood.
Suddenly, William stood before him, looking as bewildered as Gavin felt.
“You summoned me?” William asked, clearly assessing the situation.
“Accidentally,” Gavin muttered through swollen and cracked lips. “Untie me. Hurry. Their boss is coming.”
“Their boss?”
“Too late,” Gavin muttered, as two shifters grabbed William from behind, twisting his arms around his back and wrenching his shoulders.
“Ow,” he complained.
“What the hell is this?” the ugly shifter asked.
“A Fate. Kill it. It’ll disappear that way,” another shifter replied.
“I can’t hit no guy in a skirt.”
“Take the goddamned skirt off then.”
The ugly shifter reached over and grabbed William’s skirt. He yanked and the cloth ripped at the seams, revealing a shiny red thong.
“Jesus, William,” Gavin muttered.
William shrugged helplessly. “You never know when you’re going to get lucky.”
“You’re banging Quentin nightly. You know damn well when you’re going to get lucky.”
William actually turned red before someone delivered him a punch to the face that knocked him out cold.
“He didn’t disappear.”
“That’s cuz you didn’t kill him. Leave him. He’s unconscious. He won’t bother us. Come on. He’s here. It’s time to collect.”
Gavin was left alone with an unconscious William as the rest of the pack of Rakshasa moved to the other side of a moonlit clearing, presumably to wait for their boss.
The entire thing was a setup, Gavin realized now. It wasn’t Sydney they wanted, it was him, just as he expected. Except somehow, they’d caught him unawares, and the only way that was possible was if they had inside help. Someone on his team was a traitor. Someone on his team had sold Sydney out. If he got out of this alive, he would kill the bastard with his bare hands, very, very slowly. But since it didn’t look as if he would get out of this alive, his next best hope was to wake William and warn him, so he could get Sydney out of there, fast.
Gritting his teeth against the pain, Gavin reached as far as the rope around his wrists would let him, trying to toe William in the leg.
“Don’t waste your time.”
Gavin froze when he heard the voice. He knew that voice. Slowly, while fervently hoping he was wrong, Gavin twisted his head around.
And found himself staring into the face of the man he had intended to mate with Sydney.
“Fuck me,” Gavin muttered, watching Brandon walk through the gang of shifters as if he owned them. As if he was their boss. As if he was the one who had set this entire scene up in the first place.
“No thanks,” Brandon said, nudging William’s arm with his foot. William groaned and rolled over, face first, into the snow. “You look like hell, Gavin.”
“Yeah, getting the shit beat out of you while you’re hanging helpless from a tree tends to do that to a guy. Why don’t you let me down? Give me a fair shake.”
“No fucking way. I’m not stupid. Obviously. I tricked you, didn’t I?” Brandon tugged a cell phone out of his pocket and pushed a button. He watched Gavin while he spoke into the phone.
“It’s me. A quarter of the money we discussed, transferred to the account number I gave you before I left.” He glanced over his shoulder at the wall of Rakshasa. “I’ll transfer the rest myself, when I’m back, safe and sound.” He disconnected the call.
“That wasn’t the deal, asshole,” the ugly shifter growled.
Brandon shrugged, unruffled. “Again, I’m not stupid. If I’d transferred the entire amount, you’d kill me as soon I kill him. This way, you get just enough to know I have the money, and I make it home alive. You’ll get the rest, like I told my admin, when I’m home, safe and sound.”
Several shifters growled, but in the end, there was nothing they could do about it, unless they wanted to cut their losses and walk away now. Which, obviously, they did not. Brandon turned back to Gavin, leaned close and sniffed.
“You smell like Chala,” he said and flinched when Gavin jerked at the ropes holding his wrists. Brandon growled and stepped away, clearly annoyed at himself for flinching.
The cluster of Rakshasa pressed closer and Brandon barked at them to stay back. “You’ll get your money. But this kill is mine. All mine.”
The group moved restlessly.
“Go,” Brandon said in an authoritative voice, and finally, the ugly one turned and ran, shifting into his animal form as he did so. The rest followed suit, until Gavin was alone in the woods with Brandon and the unconscious Fate.
“I’m sort of pissed off that I’m not going to enjoy this as much as I would like,” Brandon commented as he paced a circle around Gavin. Gavin followed him with his gaze, as best as he could. “I’ve sort of come to grudgingly respect you, you know. And I’m really annoyed that you’re in love with the damn Chala.”
“Then why kill me? And why this way? You’ve had plenty of opportunity, out at Hilde’s place. Why go through all this?”
“Because this way, your death is blamed on the Rakshasa, and I can maintain my position within your pack. Or, more likely, I’ll even take over the pack, since you’ll be gone. No one else is quite up to snuff.”
“Sydney could handle it.”
“She’s a Chala. She’ll be too busy birthing future Chala and Light Ones to have time to run things.”
Okay, it was official. Gavin sucked at choosing a mate for Sydney.
“What the hell did I ever do to you? I never met you until a few weeks ago.”
“No, you’ve never met me before. But you’ve met my mother. Yvonne Haines. Ring any bells?”
“No. Did I fuck her? There’ve been so many, I’m afraid I’ve lost count over the years.”
Brandon punched him. Gavin wheezed and spit another wad of blood.
“Well, you’re certainly making this easier now.”
“So I did fuck her. Huh. I don’t even remember if she was good.”
Brandon bared his teeth and growled. “No, you didn’t fuck her, you bastard. You killed her. She was a Chala. And you killed her, you sick, pitiful excuse for a shifter.” He punched Gavin again. 
Gavin gasped as the air whooshed from his body. He struggled to suck in enough oxygen to breathe. He was pretty sure he was now in possession of a few cracked ribs. He wondered if one of them hadn’t punctured a lung.
“Aw, Christ, Brandon. I killed a lot of Chala over the years. But I haven’t killed one in two hundred years. Are you telling me you’ve honestly held a grudge this long?”
“Yes,” Brandon snapped. “She was my mother!”
Gavin let his head hang on his chest. “You’re right,” he said after a moment. “I was a bastard. Hell, I still am. But I don’t kill Chala anymore. I save them. I was cursed two hundred years ago. Cursed to remember everything I did, to regret it all, and to protect the very beings I used to try to destroy. Every single day I live with that guilt and try to make amends for it. Every single day.” 
He paused. “And despite that, I understand how you feel. You have every right to feel that way.” 
His body shuddered as he tried to take a breath. “But listen to me, Brandon. Those Rakshasa are right now on their way to Hilde’s house, to kill all your friends. And as soon as they figure out what she is, they’ll kill Sydney too. You can’t let that happen. She’s the last one left, Brandon. If you don’t save her, your entire species will be wiped out by the very shifters you just paid to set me up here.”
Brandon hesitated. 
“Leave me strung up here, if you have to. You can come back to kill me. I’m not going anywhere. But go, damn it. Go save your friends. Go save Sydney!”
“He doesn’t have to.”
Like a vision, Sydney stepped out of the darkness and walked steadily toward Gavin, her gaze bright and determined, and never leaving his face. She was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen in his entire life. He had never felt so loved, or felt such an overwhelming feeling of love.
“How the hell did you find us?” he snapped, his fear for her safety overriding his ability to be nice and courteous. And appreciative of her presence.
“It’s you, Gavin,” she said serenely. “You’re my mate. And I found you. Like—like a beacon or something.” She frowned as if she didn’t really understand it herself. She’d told him her propensity for getting lost had plagued her for practically her entire life, and now, suddenly she was able to find him in the middle of the woods on a moonless night?
Gavin stubbornly shook his head. “Sydney, run! Get the hell out of here, now!”
She ignored him, but Brandon didn’t. His gaze darted from Gavin to Sydney to William’s prone figure and then he turned and bolted into the darkness.
“Sydney.” Gavin’s voice was hardly more than a ragged breath, as he stared hungrily at her face. She didn’t run like he’d told her to, but Brandon had, and he was the most immediate threat at the moment.
“Hello, mate,” she said and slashed her hand through the air. The rope holding his wrists snapped and he collapsed into her outstretched arms. She fell to the ground. He was much too large for her, but at least she mostly cushioned his fall. Plus, her touch immediately began to heal him.
He buried his face in her chest and wrapped his bloodied arms around her waist and clung to her as if he were a drowning man and she was a life preserver. Which, he supposed, was true. Then he suddenly shoved her away.
“We have to go,” he said brusquely.
“So much for romantic reunions,” she replied.
“I warned you I’m not that guy, but if we make it out of this alive, I’ll do whatever romantic gesture you want me to, okay?”
“Anything?”
He waved at the forest all around them. “Not right now. The pack is in danger. We have to warn them. Did you bring your phone?”
Sydney shook her head. “It shattered when I fell, back at the bar. You don’t have one?”
“Nope. They took it. Check him.” He nodded at William’s prone body.
Sydney’s eyes went round. “Where is his skirt?” 
Gavin pulled off his jacket and tossed it at the Fate. “Never mind. They took his skirt and there’s nowhere else he could be hiding a phone.”
William moaned. Gavin grabbed the front of Sydney’s coat and used it to haul himself to his feet. 
“Get up,” Gavin said, and he kicked the Fate. “We have to get out of here. Hurry up.”
“Gavin!” Sydney admonished.
“What? He can’t die.”
“No, but I can certainly feel pain,” William complained as he struggled into a seated position. He looked down at his lap and then at his surroundings. “What happened to everyone? Is this Gavin’s coat? Weren’t we surrounded by Rakshasa? And—Sydney! They didn’t get you!” With a burst of energy, he leaped to his feet and pulled her into a bear hug.
Gavin shook his head. “I think we’re both concussed. Anybody know the way back?”
“That way,” Sydney said with absolute conviction. Both men gaped at her. “Trust me,” she insisted. “Ever since mating with him, my sense of direction has improved. Now let’s go.”
William glanced up from securing Gavin’s jacket around his waist. Gavin shrugged, but with no other alternative, they followed the path Sydney indicated.
***
The battle was in full swing by the time they arrived. Courtesy of his connection with Sydney, Gavin had healed enough to be able to fight halfway decently, but she refused to leave his side, despite his commands that she get herself to safety. Nate and Quentin seemed to comprehend his dilemma and made their way to his side, and between the three of them, they were able to keep Sydney from engaging with too many Rakshasa.
By the time it was all over, the yard was littered with dead and dying Rakshasa, Gavin was near to passing out again, and Hilde had already retreated into the house to put together sustenance for the pack. Hugo set up a triage station in the living room. Sydney took Gavin back to their bedroom to get him cleaned up and tuck him into bed.
“Do you want a shower or bath or sponge bath?” Sydney asked as she helped him limp into the bathroom attached to the bedroom they shared.
“Are you involved in any of the options?”
Sydney chuckled. “All of them,” she assured him.
He chose a shower, figuring it was the fastest way to get clean. He was desperate to crawl into bed and sleep for the next twelve hours.
“I’m not pregnant, you know,” she commented as she washed away the dirt and blood. Gavin told her he was too weak to shower by himself, and she was kind enough not to deny him in his time of need. 
“My day just keeps getting better and better,” he muttered darkly.
“Don’t tell me you were truly hoping I was.”
“Okay, I won’t tell you.”
“Why?”
“Because you just told me not to.”
She huffed out a half growl, half sigh. “Why were you hoping I was pregnant?”
Gavin wrapped his arms around her waist and rested his chin on top of her head. “Because I thought I was going to die out there. And I liked the idea that you were carrying my child in your womb. That my legacy—the good parts, anyway—might carry on, somehow.”
“Oh, Gavin.” Sydney choked out a sob and then tilted her head, gazing up at him. “Your legacy would carry on, whether I was pregnant or not. But it doesn’t matter now, because you aren’t dead.”
“No. I’m not.” They both looked down. He was definitely not dead. “But I’m not sure I can do it standing up right now. That might just kill me.”
Sydney smiled. “Let’s go to bed.”
***
They made love slowly, languidly, with Sydney taking the lead. Gavin fell asleep almost instantly afterward, and she lay there for a long time, until she was certain he was sound asleep, and then she gently slipped out of the bed and dressed quickly and quietly in a pair of fleece pants and a matching fleece shirt, and then she slipped out of the bedroom.
“Is he secure?” she asked William, when he met her on the stairs.
William’s glare told her he was not remotely happy with this mission, but he nodded curtly anyway.
“Let’s go.”
His skirt made a faint swishing sound as he followed her.
They crept through the quiet house. Most of the shifters slept out in the converted pole barn. Only Gavin, Sydney, William, Quentin, and Hilde slept inside the house. This made it infinitely easier to move around undetected.
The stairs leading down to the basement were next to the back door. They tiptoed through the kitchen, ducking when the shifter on guard duty paced past outside.
And then they were in the basement, tugging open a plank wood door built into a far wall of the cement-lined room. They stepped through the doorway, into another room that was simply carved from the dirt. Sydney flipped on the flashlight she’d tucked into her pocket and aimed the beam straight ahead.
The man sitting there lifted his manacled arms to block the sudden glare. After a few moments, he lowered them and blinked, trying to focus on the people behind the beam.
“Who’s there?” he croaked.
“Sydney.”
The man on the floor actually cowered. “Did you bring your boyfriend with you?”
“No. And he isn’t my boyfriend, Brandon. He’s my mate.”
“Does he know I’m here?”
Sydney gave William a swift glance before turning her attention back to Brandon. “No.”
“Keeping secrets? That’s not very mate-like.” Brandon made a tsking sound.
“If he knew you were here, he’d kill you.”
“And why aren’t you telling him?”
“Because I happen to believe you’re redeemable.”
She watched him drop his head against the dirt wall behind him. He closed his eyes and grimaced. “Fuck,” he muttered. “I think I have a vague idea of what he must feel like, all the damn time.”
“What do you mean?”
Brandon waved one shackled arm. “The guilt. You sure know how to lay it on thick, don’t you?”
“I’m not trying to make you feel guilty.” 
Brandon opened his eyes and stared steadily at her. After a few moments of silence, he said, “He’s a Rakshasa. You’re a Chala. You can’t be mates. Nature doesn’t work that way.”
Sydney ignored that. He’d been spouting this same song since she ambushed him from behind and dragged him into this handy little makeshift cell.
“Why were you going to kill Gavin?”
So far, he had refused to tell her. Earlier, in the woods, she had arrived in time to hear Gavin tell Brandon to go save the pack and come back to kill him later, but now she had to know. Why? For some reason, she couldn’t move on to determine his punishment until she knew why.
“What makes you think I intended to kill him?” Brandon countered.
“I heard you,” Sydney said.
“I think you misunderstood whatever it was you heard. Did you hear anything, Fate?”
William pursed his lips. “I was unconscious.”
“Brandon, you could go free, if you just tell us the truth,” Sydney said.
“Don’t lie to me, Chala. You don’t do it very well.” Brandon turned his head to the side. “Why do you want to know the truth, anyway? What do you expect to prove?”
Sydney hesitated. She glanced swiftly at William and then looked back at Brandon. “I know Gavin has a…checkered past. And I’m sure he’s made a lot of enemies. But he isn’t the same man any longer. Whether by choice or not, he’s changed, and for the better. He’s a great leader, Brandon. He’s going to make sure we survive this thing. My species, your species, all of us.”
She paused again. “I might be the last Chala, Brandon.” She let him absorb that fact. “I’m probably the last chance to repopulate the world with Light Ones, and more Chala. And if I lose Gavin, that won’t happen. I am in love with that man, and there is no one else in this world that I want to sleep with. Ever. If he dies, so does the chance to repopulate the world. Do you understand me, Brandon? Do you?”
Brandon’s gaze shifted from Sydney to William and back again. Finally, he gave her a grave look and said, “Chala, I think it’s you who doesn’t understand.”



CHAPTER TWELVE

They made plans to move, the next day. Gavin knew most—if not all of them—didn’t want to. They had made Hilde’s house their home, and Hilde insisted she enjoyed the company. But too many Rakshasa had gotten away the day before, and they couldn’t run the risk of the pack reorganizing and coming after them again. They had a Chala in their midst, and her safety was more important than their level of comfort.
Sydney was out in the barracks, discussing the move with several members of the pack, when William sought out Gavin for a private word.
“You look well rested,” William commented, as they deliberately veered off the path leading from the house to the pole barn, wading through snow deep enough to cover their ankles as they walked.
Gavin shrugged. “Sleeping with a Chala has that effect on me.”
“Which is exactly what I need to talk to you about.” 
“You want to talk about my sex life?”
“In a manner of speaking, yes.”
“I don’t think it’ll quite do it for you. It’s pretty hetero. Although she does like to do it doggy style.”
“I want to talk about Sydney,” William said impatiently. “And her role in your life.”
Gavin stopped short and turned to face the Fate. “Forget it. The plan has changed.”
“What plan?”
“She’s mine. I’m not giving her up.” He crossed his arms over his chest.
“She is a Chala.” 
“Yeah, I get that.”
“No, I don’t think you do. She needs to mate with a Light One, Gavin. You said it yourself. She is the last hope for the shifters.”
Gavin stared out at the rows of naked trees, stretching bare limbs to the sky. Sort of reminded him of his soul. Without Sydney, that was exactly what his soul would be like: naked, exposed; reaching for something it could never touch. Or maybe that was his soul, even with Sydney. Either way, he lost.
“Forget it,” he repeated. “We tried that, remember? Didn’t work out so well. The shifter I thought was perfect turned out to be a traitor who wanted to kill me for a two-hundred-year-old grudge. I’m not going there again.”
“You killed his mother,” William said, the look on his face telling Gavin that the lightbulb had just popped on over his head.  
Gavin scowled. “I killed a lot of mothers, in my time. But that was two hundred years ago, and there’s nothing I can do to change the past. I’m not that man anymore. I’m a Light One. One of the good guys. And Sydney’s mine. We’ll figure out a way to make it work.” He strode away, leaving William standing in the snow. 
Whether he agreed didn’t matter to Gavin.
Sydney was his. And he wasn’t letting her go.
***
Unbeknownst to Gavin, Sydney made arrangements to take Brandon with them. She wasn’t sure what else to do with him. She couldn’t leave him there for Hilde to deal with, and she certainly couldn’t cut him loose. Rumors were running wild within the pack as far as his involvement with the Rakshasa, so she had to pick her allies carefully.
Jack was young and eager enough to blindly follow any order she gave him, and Nate was strong enough and equally as eager. Plus, the two of them had become bosom buddies during training sessions, and had ridden together from Detroit to Hilde’s house. 
She instructed them to extract Brandon from the basement and bring him along with them, making sure they were the last to leave so no one else would know. Hopefully, by the time they arrived at their destination, she would have a plan for what to do with him.
Once again, they called upon a friend of William’s, yet another Fate with space and time on his hands. This one lived in Arkansas, tucked into a valley in the Ozark Mountains. According to William, a wide, clear stream ran through the Fate’s property, and after a short hike, one could experience a breathtaking waterfall. 
Winter was half as long and half as cold as what Mother Nature handed to the residents of Michigan each year, and spring had already erupted. Daffodils lined the two-lane roads they travelled to get there. Forsythia bushes burst with bright yellow flowers and the buds on the dogwood trees swelled. In another few days, they would be covered with frothy white blooms.
“It’s beautiful.” Since she had been a young girl, Sydney had rarely travelled anywhere outside of the state of Michigan, and this was like nothing she had ever experienced before.
“Stick with me, kid. I’ll take you around the globe one day.” Gavin slung his arm around her shoulder as he spoke.
“Really?”
He shrugged. “Sure. We live forever. Plenty of time to travel the world.” 
Sydney liked his confidence that they would make it through this alive. She wanted to spend eternity with him.
The house was tucked into a valley between two mountains and was surrounded by trees. The only sounds, once the vehicle engines were cut, were those of nature: birds, insects, the wind, and the rushing waters of the stream running through the backyard.
The Fate’s house was a great wooden structure, essentially a lodge, and far larger than one person needed, although it would be a tight fit for the number of shifters who had joined their ranks. But they would make it work. They had no other option. Somewhere along the line, this group of shifters had become a pack, and packs stuck together, regardless of the threat. Especially in the face of a threat.
Sydney glanced behind her as she and Gavin climbed the wooden stairs leading up to a wraparound porch, to meet the Fate named Killian O’Connelly. There was no sign of Jack or Nate. But she, Gavin, and William had led the entourage, so she wasn’t worried. 
Killian O’Connelly was a redheaded Fate with a propensity for scowling and for snapping insults at anyone who attempted to speak directly to him. He bristled when he spotted Gavin, and William stepped between them, lifting his arms, palms out.
“He’s cursed,” William said. “Prim’s work. The Chala has claimed him.”
Gavin growled. “If anyone is doing any claiming, it’s me.” 
“Later, sweetie,” Sydney said, as she patted his chest and then wandered off to inspect the rest of the house. 
Killian’s home had a dining room with a long plank wood table that seated twenty. They would have to eat in shifts, which was fine, since Gavin insisted no less than ten shifters be on guard duty round the clock. 
Killian refused to cook for a bunch of animals, and Williams stepped up to resume kitchen duty.
Killian also insisted upon sitting at the head of his own table, and he glared at Gavin, who was seated at the other end, gnawing on a rib bone.
“What I don’t get is why all these Light Ones are blindly following you, when you used to go around killing them all the time.”
Gavin lifted a bottle of beer to his lips and steadily regarded the Fate. “Actually, it was their Chala I used to go around killing, as well as the humans they pledged to protect. And I did that for less than two hundred years. For the past two hundred, I’ve been killing my own kind, on behalf of the Light Ones. By my rough calculation, I’ve killed ten times as many Rakshasa as Chala.”
An uncomfortable quiet fell over the table, as the group digested this information. Sydney had assumed everyone knew about Gavin’s past, but the absolute silence told her otherwise. She wondered how this would affect the dynamics of the pack.
“Where’s Jack?” someone asked, breaking the silence. “I haven’t seen him or Nate since we left Michigan.”
Sydney swiftly glanced at Gavin, who furrowed his brow and scanned the room, as if he expected Jack and Nate to suddenly appear. When they didn’t, he pushed away from the table and strode through the doorway leading into the main great room, where the group tended to gather when they weren’t patrolling or practicing or sleeping.
He returned a short time later, looking grim. “Send out search parties. Retrace our tracks. Find them. I want to know where they are, and I want to know if we were followed.” 
***
The news came two days later, and it wasn’t good. “Jack’s dead,” Quentin reported sadly. “I found his body in a ditch by the side of the road, near the last exit before we entered Arkansas. No sign of Nate.”
Or Brandon. Fear and guilt wrapped oily fingers around Sydney’s heart. She choked on a sob and rushed from the room. Gavin hunted her down less than half an hour later. He found her tucked into a crevice created by two large rocks that had at some point collapsed against each other on the bank of the wide, shallow stream running through Killian’s yard. 
“You okay?” he asked, as he stepped onto one of the rocks and then lightly leaped to the ground in front of her. He was more like a cat than a dog. All sleek and sexy and light on his feet. 
And he was about to hate her.
“I screwed up, Gavin.” She drew her knees up to her chin and wrapped her arms around them.
“What now?” 
“I killed Jack and probably Nate.”
“Sydney, you can’t blame yourself. You didn’t choose to be a Chala, and you sure as hell didn’t choose to be tracked down by a bunch of—”
“No, I mean it really, truly is my fault.”
He furrowed his brow. “How do you figure?” 
She turned her head to the side, so she did not have to look him in the eye. “I captured Brandon, back at Hilde’s. He was there, fighting the Rakshasa. I came up behind him, ambushed him, and dragged him back to the house and locked him in the cellar.”
“Son of a bitch. No wonder I couldn’t find him. I’ve had scouts looking for him since that night he betrayed us, and you’ve had him hidden right under our noses this whole time?”
“I suppose it’s good there are so many shifters around. Otherwise you might have noticed his scent.”
“I don’t think we see this in quite the same light.”
She burst into tears. She couldn’t help it. The idea that Gavin might hate her, combined with knowing she was responsible for Jack’s death, was too overwhelming. She should have told Gavin when she captured Brandon. Maybe Gavin wouldn’t have killed him, like she’d feared.
Gavin went perfectly still. He was so still he might not have even been breathing. “How do you figure you killed Jack and possibly Nate?”
She swiped at her eyes. “I assigned them to bring Brandon with us, after everyone else left. I didn’t know what else to do.”
“Telling me comes to mind,” Gavin said deliberately. “And if not that, at least you could have assigned two more seasoned shifters to such a dangerous task.” He dropped to the ground next to her. “I’m going to take a wild guess here and say you thought you could redeem him.”
Sydney sniffled and nodded. 
Gavin shook his head. “I killed his mother. More than two hundred years ago. That’s a lot of built-up anger and resentment.”
She widened her eyes and stared up at him. “You really did kill his mother?”
“Probably. He said she was a Chala.”
“He wouldn’t tell me. I questioned him, after I captured him, and he refused to admit it. I heard part of your conversation out in the woods, enough to be suspicious, but I still wanted him to confirm it. And he wouldn’t.”
“That’s interesting. He could have easily driven a wedge between us during that conversation, I’d wager.”
“No, he couldn’t. No one can. Ever.” Her words were infused with all the confidence she held. If there was one thing she was absolutely sure of in this world, it was her love for Gavin. His past was just that—the past. All they could do now was move forward. Together. 
“Fa—Christ, Sydney,” he said, catching himself before he accidentally summoned William. “You should have told me.” 
“You would have killed him.”
 “Probably. But then he’d be dead and Jack and Nate would still be alive.”
Another sob escaped, and Gavin sighed, pulling her into his arms.
“I can’t make the guilt go away, Sydney. If I knew how to do that, I’d certainly be a happier individual. The only thing you can do is manage it, and not let it eat you alive.” He paused. “No doubt he managed to find out where we were headed, before he killed them. Who knew a Light One could go so damn bad?”
“He’s just angry,” Sydney said. “And frustrated. He kept telling me that you and I couldn’t be mates, because you’re a Rakshasa. I know he was just saying it because he was trying to get under my skin.”
Gavin’s body went rigid, but before she could read anything into the subtle change, he stood and helped her to her feet.
“We aren’t running this time. Instead, we stay, and we fight. And you are going to keep yourself out of harm’s way, do you understand me?”
“You don’t really believe I’ll do that, do you?”
***
The next day, Gavin summoned the entire pack out to a clearing in the far back corner of Killian’s property, on the other side of the stream. Given how chilly it was, he heard a great deal of grumbling as they waded through the water to get to their new practice area. Yet within minutes, the group stood in perfect rows, facing him, arms at their sides, eyes focused, minds cleared. He’d made an army, and he was damn proud. Now he hoped what they’d learned about him would not destroy what he’d built. It couldn’t. Sydney’s life was at stake.
“I called you here today for two reasons.” He caught a glimpse of Sydney out of the corner of his eye. Instead of falling into line with the rest, she’d stepped away, to stand at his side. He couldn’t decide if he liked that or if it would only make things worse. If Sydney couldn’t follow his direction, why would anyone else?
“First, to tell you that yes, what you heard at dinner last night is correct. I am a Rakshasa.” He heard the rustling, saw the doubt in some of their eyes.
“Was,” he corrected. “I was cursed two hundred years ago. And I have been fighting your fight ever since. Our fight. I am just as much a Light One as any of you. I am your Chala’s mate. I think that alone speaks volumes.”
No sound. No more rustling. Was that good or bad?
“Second, Jack and likely Nate died because the Rakshasa caught up to them. They are still chasing us, and it is very likely they have become aware of our whereabouts.” There was a great deal of rustling at that, and low murmurs. Lots of quiet cursing.
“This means they are probably on their way to us right now. To kill our Chala.” He pointed at Sydney. She blushed under the unexpected attention, but he got the result he wanted: a whole lot of angry Light Ones. Nobody messed with their Chala.
“We can run again, and they’ll catch up with us again at some other point. Or we can stay and fight.” He paced before them, gathering his thoughts, weighing his words, trying to determine how best to persuade them to possibly lay down their lives to protect the Chala. His mate. No matter what William or Brandon said.
“I personally think we should fight. This is what you’ve been training for, and I believe you are there. We can do this. But we can only do it as a team. So everyone is in, or everyone is out, and we pack up and run again. What will it be?”
A near-deafening roar exploded from the pack of shifters. They waved their fists in the air, stomped their feet, shouted out their plans to carry on contests to see who could kill the most Rakshasa. Everyone had fierce looks on their faces. Like warriors. 
They wanted to fight. They would fight. And win.
He hoped.
Killian burst into the clearing, shouting at them, and the trash talking and cheering slowly died down to a low roar.
“Fates be damned!” the redheaded Fate yelled as he too pumped a fist in the air. “Not only are you going to lead those bloody Rakshasa right to us, you’re going to wake the dead, too! Don’t any of you understand the idea of quiet?”
After Killian left, training began. They divided into groups: those who still needed to work on specific areas, those who were most integral for strategy planning, and those who were best at recon. 
It was time for war.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Killian O’Connelly was a crotchety old Fate. Considering how long he’d been a Fate, and given the number of Chala he’d lost over the years, he figured it was no wonder. He was pretty sure he had the record for most Chala lost. Why the head Fate continued to assign him charges was beyond him.
And that damned Rakshasa who was even now whipping those Light Ones into a frenzy was the main reason for Killian’s terrible lack of success. That man had a track record better than any other shifter in history. And now he was living in Killian’s house. Eating Killian’s food. And sleeping with possibly the last Chala in the world.
It was unnatural and a huge slap in the face to him and his kind. He didn’t understand how William tolerated it, but then again, William had always been a little strange. Any man who preferred dresses to pants and could belt out a Whitney Houston song like he could, well, that wasn’t natural, either.
It was easy, really, to make his excuses to leave. William knew his feelings on the subject of Gavin Rowan. Hell, everybody did, now. He’d hoped his little proclamation at dinner the night before would have stirred them to rebel against the supposedly reformed Rakshasa, but no-o-o. Those damned Light Ones followed him blindly. Killian couldn’t help but wonder if they all deserved to be wiped out.
They were so damned stupid when it came to love. To a last one, they were all born with the hope of meeting and mating with a Chala, despite the fact that even at the height of the population, there had probably only been a few hundred Chala in the entire world. Not very good odds.
Killian packed a small bag, so as not to pique anyone’s curiosity. He told William he was going down to New Orleans for a few days. Killian liked his privacy and the quiet—and a Rakshasa-free life. William had the gall to point out that he wasn’t going to find much quiet in New Orleans, but he didn’t question Killian and he didn’t stop him. 
William could feel the tension as well as anybody.
He drove to Little Rock and hopped on a plane, landing in New Orleans a few short hours later, where he exited and then boarded another plane, a much smaller one. Puddle jumpers, they were called. Well, all that blue outside his window was one hell of a puddle, but the humans were masters of understatement.
The puddle jumper landed on an island that was barely fifty miles in radius. From there, Killian was transported via golf cart to a marina, where he boarded a sturdy, sleek, white yacht and then sat on the deck, sipping piña coladas while the captain guided him toward his final destination.
Which was an island even smaller than the first. This one was barely five miles in diameter. There were only five permanent residents on this island.
It was paradise.
Killian stepped off the yacht wearing a floral print shirt, baggy khaki shorts, and leather flip-flops. He paused, took a deep, cleansing breath of the salty air, and then turned at the sound of bare feet slapping against the boards of the dock.
She’d come to meet him at the marina. She was a stunning woman, with chestnut hair the sun had streaked with red. She had wide, almond-shaped dark eyes, high, plump cheekbones, and big, lush, red lips. She wore a red sarong with a muted black design scrawled across the front. The hem of the dress whipped around her legs as she walked, barefoot, up the dock to meet him.
Killian opened his arms wide and waited for her to walk into his hug.
“How lovely to see you again, Prim.”


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“It sure is more relaxed without Killian here.”
William frowned at the shifter who made the comment. 
Gavin grinned and leaned back in his chair far enough that the front two legs came off the ground. About a dozen of the pack were left, sitting around the dining room table, eating the last of their dinner and chatting amicably. Killian had been gone for two days. Two days without blustery complaints and grumbled comments.
Two days without a Rakshasa attack.
“Killian can be a bit…” William struggled to find the right word.
“Abrasive?” Sydney suggested. She sat at Gavin’s side, right where he wanted her. Well, he wanted her under him—or maybe sitting astride him—but that would come later. During waking hours, he wanted her within grabbing distance at all times. She’d made a rude comment earlier in the day about not even getting five minutes of peace to go to the bathroom, but he didn’t care.
The enemy was out there, and he’d be damned if he’d let them get to his woman.
“That’s as good a word as any,” Gavin agreed. “My suggestions were far less polite.”
William’s frown deepened. Gavin could feel the Fate’s unease, which ratcheted up his own sense of foreboding. Something was about to happen, he could feel it. Make that double, since for some unfathomable reason, he had developed a strange connection with Sydney’s Fate.
It was weird, really, that Gavin could summon him, and that Gavin could sense William’s emotions. When he’d broached the subject with the Fate, he’d come up against a solid brick wall.
“I have no idea why you have the ability to summon me,” William said coldly. “And I can tell you right now that you certainly do not share my emotions. If you did, you would not still be here. Release her, so she can see to her duty as a Chala.”
Gavin had ended that particular conversation by walking away. Why did the Fate think it was so damn easy? Surely he’d fallen in love somewhere along the line of his incredibly long life. Fates were human before they died and were bestowed the honor of eternal life. Hadn’t he loved in his human life? And if not then, surely there had been someone in the past thousand years. He fawned over Quentin enough to make Gavin believe what they had together was more than simply great sex.
And if nothing else, William loved Sydney. He doted on her as if she were his own child. Gavin had made a snide comment about the fact that if he actually did let her go, William would have to let her go too, and the pained look that had come across the Fate’s face made him almost wish he could take it back.
Love. What a fucked-up emotion.
It was never convenient, although, in truth, this was the first time Gavin had ever come close to feeling anything like this for another being, so he supposed he couldn’t really say that for certain. But still. It would have been so much more convenient if Sydney had come into contact with one of these other assholes first. Any one of them would…
…never work for her. 
Sydney was determined and independent and sweet and innocent and stubborn and not afraid to dish out whatever he served and so freaking amazing in bed…
Yeah, Gavin couldn’t give her up if his life depended on it. She was his, damn it. His to love and cherish and all that shit mates did together. So nature didn’t necessarily agree with them being together, so what? With him at their helm and Sydney by his side, they’d figure out a way to destroy the Rakshasa and preserve the Light Ones.
There was no other option.
The sound of car tires crunching on gravel caused him to drop the front legs of his chair to the ground with a thud. Gavin stood, snagged Sydney’s hand and dragged her along with him while he went out to see who the hell had found them tucked away in the middle of the mountains of central Arkansas. He wasn’t worried it was the Rakshasa. They certainly wouldn’t pull up to the front door and announce themselves.
“Killian’s back,” Sydney commented, as they watched the Fate climb out of his all-wheel-drive station wagon.
“Yeah. He brought someone with him. Does that strike you as strange?”
Gavin caught his first glimpse of sun-streaked chestnut hair and his breath lodged in his throat. He opened and closed his mouth like a fish out of water as he struggled to remember how to breathe again.
Sydney tried to tug her hand from his grasp. “Gavin, stop. You’re hurting me. Stop squeezing so tightly.”
With a supreme act of will, he loosened his grip on Sydney’s hand. But he did not let her go. “Come on,” he said, tugging her through the front door and down the stairs. “This isn’t going to be pretty. Let’s meet them out by the car, where there’s some semblance of privacy.”
He caught a sound that indicated William was warming up the karaoke machine someone had unearthed while they were living at Hilde’s house. That meant William wasn’t aware of this person’s presence. It also meant the music would create a sort of shield, so most of the inhabitants of the house would not hear whatever conversation was about to transpire. 
Good. 
Killian had gone out of his way to seek out Prim for a reason; of that, Gavin had no doubt whatsoever. His suspicions as to the nature of this visit made his heart beat uncomfortably fast and his palm start sweating where it touched Sydney’s skin.
He focused on Sydney. His anchor. His life. His reason for fighting this damned war.
Killian walked around to the passenger side of the car and offered his hand to the woman seated there. Prim stepped out of the car like a supermodel stepping onto the red carpet. Her glorious, thick, chestnut hair draped halfway down her back, and was topped with a large, floppy hat tied with a brightly colored ribbon. Her sex-and-candy body was covered by a red sarong dress that stopped four inches above her knees. Strappy red heels were on her feet. Fates weren’t human; were more like ghosts than living beings, so temperature fluctuations didn’t bother them.
Gavin recalled the first time he’d ever met Prim, nearly three hundred years ago. He’d picked up the scent of her Chala and tracked them to a small encampment out west, in what was now California. She’d prepared to do battle to protect her Chala, but Gavin had used an entirely different tactic. Considering the Fate’s beauty, it hadn’t been a hardship.
And at the moment she succumbed, he pulled out, dashed out the door of the tent, found her Chala crouching behind a pile of rocks, and killed her before Prim had even struggled back into her dress.
No surprise the Fate held a slight grudge.
The last time he’d seen Prim, he had killed two of her charges, and had been biding his time, planning to kill the third. Except she’d bested him. Hatred burned through him as he recalled what it had felt like when that curse hit him. It was something he’d never forget, for all of eternity.
He’d obviously become a better man, with the curse. And without the curse, he never would have met and fallen in love with Sydney—or if he had met her, he would have killed her, instead of deciding to mate with her. He wouldn’t change that for anything, but the anger still swelled, because Prim had taken the choice out of his hands.
And she’d given him this weight of guilt that never ceased, and sometimes, he felt as if he might suffocate underneath it. For that, he was not sure he could ever forgive the Fate.
Gavin suddenly released his hold on Sydney’s hand and gave her a push toward the house. “Maybe it’s best if you stay inside after all.”
Sydney lifted her eyebrow in that way she had of imitating him without looking stupid doing it, and said, “Why the sudden change in tune? Who is that? An old flame?”
Gavin felt as if he were strangling on his own laughter. “Hardly. Trust me, our feelings for each other may be mutual, but they are definitely not complimentary. Go inside. Now.”
He had no idea why he thought she might actually listen to his command. The only time she ever listened to him was out on the practice field, and even then she was beginning to question his authority as she excelled at her fighting techniques far faster than any of the others. Just this afternoon, it occurred to Gavin that the Light Ones had been going about the whole Chala protection thing all wrong. They should have taught the women how to fight, not hide them behind a few Fates and some half-trained shifters. Probably, the population would be thriving right now, instead of in danger of disappearing altogether.
“Prim?” 
Gavin glanced over his shoulder at the sound of William’s voice. The cross-dressing Fate hesitated in the doorway to Killian’s home. 
“Shit.”
“Prim?” Sydney repeated the name as she gave Gavin a questioning look. 
William stepped uncertainly off the porch and tottered on pink, high-heeled slippers toward the chestnut-haired woman.
“William.” Prim’s voice was practically a purr, as she opened her arms and waited for him to walk into her embrace. “As utterly eccentric as ever, I see. The passage of time has certainly made it easier for you to expand your wardrobe, hasn’t it?”
“Yes,” he said shortly. “Why are you here?” His gaze cut back to Sydney and Gavin and then returned to Prim.
She bestowed upon him her glorious, radiant smile and then lifted her gaze, locking it onto Gavin, who stood still as stone, momentarily rendered unable to move. 
“Hey!” Sydney protested, and she grabbed Gavin’s arm and wrenched him out of the spell.
Prim blinked, a look of annoyance rushing across her face so quickly it could have been nothing more than a trick of the light, and then she focused her attention on Sydney.
“William’s Chala.” Her voice was breathy. She stepped forward, gliding as effortlessly as if she were walking on air. “What a lovely young woman.” She came to a halt directly in front of Sydney, and stood there, studying the Chala’s features rather intently.
Gavin deliberately stepped between them and Prim shifted her focus to him once again. “Don’t do it,” he warned her. “This one has her own magic and she isn’t afraid to use it.” He stabbed his thumb over his shoulder, at Sydney.
“Why in the world would she use her magic against me?” Prim asked innocently.
“Because she’s my mate,” Gavin retorted. “And she has this crazy overprotective streak. Tends to flare up when people come after me.” The taunting in his voice no doubt was what caused Prim to narrow her eyes.
 “You aren’t a Light One,” Prim pointed out, very deliberately. “And with one snap of my fingers, that curse is gone and you’re right back where you started.”
She snapped her fingers and everyone jumped.
William grabbed her hand and thrust it down to her side, casting a nervous glance in Gavin’s direction. Gavin was tempted to rip Prim’s head from her shoulders. Unfortunately, the only result would be that she disappeared, to be regenerated as Fates whose bodies were destroyed did, and then she’d come back, madder than ever. Prim angry was something to behold; Prim furious and holding a grudge…well, Gavin already knew what that was like.
“Prim, darling, that really isn’t necessary. He’s standing much too closely to my Chala, don’t you think?” William’s laugh sounded forced. 
Sydney stepped in front of Gavin and glared at Prim. “Don’t you dare take that curse off him. He’s my mate, and unless you want the Light Ones to die out, we need him just the way he is.”
“Uh, Sydney, that’s not really a good point to bring up right now,” William pointed out, watching Prim warily.
Prim widened her eyes in very obviously feigned surprise. “What in the world does this Rakshasa have to do with repopulating the Light Ones?”
“It’s time to take her inside, William,” Gavin warned.
William grabbed Sydney’s arm and tried to drag her back toward the house. 
Prim grabbed Sydney’s other wrist.
“Oh no, William, don’t do that. I’m not done conversing with your Chala.”
“Get her inside. Now.” Gavin’s tone was steel. 
William gave another tug on her arm.
“Gavin, what is this about?” Sydney asked, her tone betraying her worry.
“We’ll talk about it later. Right now, I want you to go inside. Prim and I need to have a private conversation. This is important, Sydney. I need you to—”
“He’s right, Sydney,” Prim said solemnly. “It’s extremely important. It involves your future. Your pack’s future. Your entire species’ future.”
“Goddamn it, Prim—”
“What is it?” Sydney asked, jerking her arm from William’s grasp.
Gavin gave William a furious look. “You know, for such a big guy, you sure are a wimp.”
“Anything that involves this pack’s future involves me, too,” Sydney said with a firmness that Gavin knew well. His insides clenched with dread.
“It certainly does,” Prim agreed. “Since you are the only one who can ensure your pack has a future.”
Sydney blushed and darted a furtive look at Gavin. He couldn’t fathom why the hell she was blushing.
“I know, I know. It’s just that with this imminent attack and all, I didn’t want to try to get pregnant right away, in case I need to fight. And frankly, I never really gave motherhood a great deal of thought to begin with, so I was hoping to have a little time to grow into the idea. Plus, Gavin and I haven’t really known each other very long. We still have a few issues we need to work out…”
“We don’t have any issues,” Gavin said indignantly. “What makes you think we have issues?”
Sydney rolled her eyes. “Really? Do you want to get into this now? Any time I try to talk about this, we end up arguing, and then we end up making up and, well, it just seems like we should have this conversation in private.” She blushed again.
“Excellent idea.” Gavin grabbed at her arm. “Let’s go inside and talk. Right now.” He tried to turn, but Prim stopped him with one sentence.
“You certainly do have issues.” 
Sydney turned around, her hackles raised like a dog defending her territory. 
“What the hell do you think you know about our issues?” Sydney asked.
Prim smiled thinly. “Where do I start? There’s the whole Rakshasa-Chala thing.”
“Gavin isn’t a Rakshasa,” Sydney insisted. “He’s cursed. You cursed him. He’s practically a Light One now.” 
William grabbed Sydney’s other arm, so he and Gavin held her between them. “Time to go,” they both said at the same time. But before they could turn Sydney around and bodily carry her to the house, Prim spoke. And shattered Gavin’s world.
“Don’t tell me he hasn’t informed you? Why, Sydney, darling, cursed or no, Gavin is still a Rakshasa. And Rakshasa cannot beget Chala. It has never occurred. It goes against the laws of nature. So the choice is yours, Chala. Your species—or your bedmate.” Prim smiled thinly, clearly enjoying the misery that was no doubt etched on Gavin’s face.
“You can’t have both.”


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“At least she stopped screaming at him.”
“Probably because she wore herself out or she lost her voice. She’ll sleep for a couple hours and start in on him again, you watch.”
“Poor Gavin. I wouldn’t want my mate so pissed off at me.” The shifter shuddered in sympathy.
Someone snorted. “Your ugly ass couldn’t attract a mate if you doused yourself in chocolate syrup.”
One shifter punched another, and a brief scuffle ensued for a few moments. When they quieted again, someone else asked, “Do you think she’ll forgive him?”
“What’ll happen to us if she doesn’t?”
“She’ll forgive me,” Gavin growled as he stalked past the group of shifters huddled together outside, clearly trying to avoid going anywhere near wherever it was Sydney or Gavin happened to be at the moment.
The last few hours had been nothing short of hell. After Prim dropped her little bombshell, Sydney went into a muted shock…until she turned and saw the guilty look on William’s face. Somehow, that triggered her temper, and she turned that temper onto Gavin.
Prim’s temper had nothing on Sydney’s, Gavin determined several hours later, after he’d been browbeaten into almost wishing the curse was lifted again. Almost.
She’d blamed him for every injustice that had ever happened in the world. Somehow, hungry kids in Africa became his fault. The poor literacy rates in the country’s elementary schools—his fault. The death of the cat she’d had for her entire childhood—his fault. The fact that her life hadn’t turned out different—namely, in her book, normal—was his fault too. She screamed at him for being too good in bed, for being too charming, too damn nice. She screamed at him for being an asshole, for putting too much cream in her coffee that morning, for always undercooking her steaks, for insisting she take a shower first so she had enough hot water. His fault, his fault, his fault.
Fates, what hadn’t he done?
He hadn’t told her the truth, that’s what. That was what it all came down to: he’d known the truth, and he’d kept it from her. 
The worst part was: he hadn’t actually known. He’d understood that Chala and Rakshasa couldn’t formally mate. But he’d had no idea he couldn’t impregnate her with a half dozen or so baby Chala.
He couldn’t fucking win.
And it didn’t matter. It didn’t matter how much he’d understood about the differences between them. He’d known enough, and he hadn’t told her. Even though he’d only been trying to spare her feelings, to keep her from the unbearable guilt, to selfishly keep her to himself because he knew it would rip out his heart to give her up, he still should have told her as much as he did know. 
All that mattered was he’d made the choice for her. He, of all people, should have seen that one coming. Hadn’t Prim done the exact same thing when she cursed him in the first place?
He strode past the group of shifters, mildly surprised they were all still hanging around, and continued on, searching for Sydney’s Fate. He was nearby. Gavin could feel him.
He found William leaning against a tree downstream, overlooking the waterfall he’d promised Sydney she would love. A storm was heading in from the northwest. Wind whistled through the trees. The shallow water churned, slate and froth whipping together and beating against the rocks thrusting out here and there. The increased wind steadily pushed the temperature lower. 
“Have you noticed they are all still looking to you for leadership?” William asked when Gavin strode up to the water’s edge. The wind caught William’s skirt and whipped it around his legs, and he reached down and grabbed the material, twisting it in his hand.
“The only thing I’ve noticed is my life has fallen apart at the seams, and once again, your buddy Prim is to blame.”
“I am not in any way defending the way Prim handled this situation, however, you could have told Sydney yourself.”
“I understood we couldn’t formally mate, but I didn’t realize she literally cannot bear Chala if she stays with me.” Gavin kicked a pebble and it bounced along the sandy shoreline until it slammed into a much larger bolder.
“But you suspected.”
Gavin didn’t reply. Yes, he’d suspected. Maybe not literally, but he knew there would be implications to his mating with Sydney, and he knew those implications would not favor the Light Ones. Yet he’d been unable to stop himself from falling in love, from craving her more with each passing day.
“You knew,” Gavin finally said, “but I didn’t see you rushing to break her fucking heart.” 
Infinite sadness coated the Fate’s features. “No, I wasn’t. Knowing what it would do to her is exactly why I never said anything.”
“That, and you secretly liked the fact that we were together, because it meant you never had to leave her.”
William gave him a sharp look. “I had no idea you were quite so perceptive.”
“There are a lot of things you don’t know about me.”
“I know you love her. I know this is killing you.”
Gavin stared out at the frothing water. I know exactly how you feel, he thought as he watched the liquid swirl round and round, slamming into the rocks, before carrying on down the stream. So angry and no way out. 
“Tell me what to do, William.”
William blinked at him. “I’m not your Fate.” 
“No,” Gavin said deliberately. “But you are hers. Her protector, and mentor, and best friend. How do I fix this? For her.”
William shook his head, looking even sadder than before. He wore a blond wig today, and the wind twisted the curls into knots. He looked like an overlarge doll, with his tangled curls and hot pink lipstick.
“I am not those things. Well, okay, I am her Fate. And I suppose, her protector…And maybe her mentor. But her best friend? That’s you, dark one.”
Gavin snorted. “A Chala’s best friend is a Rakshasa. That’s an oxymoron if I ever heard one.”
“And her mate. An even greater oxymoron, I’m afraid.”
“I’m pretty sure I no longer qualify for those titles.”
“Love does not go away with one broken heart.”
Gavin groaned. “Don’t tell me you’re going to get all poetic on me here.”
William pursed his lips. A fat raindrop splattered onto his nose. “Think about it, Gavin. Her entire world has just been turned upside down. Twice. Two months ago, she didn’t even know any of this existed. And just when she decides she’s ready to accept it, to embrace it, this happens.” He waved his hand at Gavin.
“You force yourself into her life, you don’t even give her a choice. You”—he held up his hand to stave off whatever argument Gavin was about to make—“you fell in love with her. And she fell in love with you. And in her mind, that was okay, because she’d finally accepted her role in life, and the responsibility she was born with. So long as she had you by her side, she could handle being a baby-making factory, as she not quite delicately puts it. But now…Now she doesn’t even have you by her side. And that’s what hurts most of all.”
“I am by her side,” Gavin insisted.
“Not if she’s to fulfill her destiny,” William said, infinitely sad again. “If she makes the ultimate sacrifice—her heart—then she loses you. She’s lost everyone she’s ever loved in her life, did you know that?”
“She didn’t lose you.”
“She will. If you let her go and she chooses a Light One to take to mate, she’ll lose me, too.”
Gavin’s heart shatter into a million pieces, right there in his chest. For Sydney. It wasn’t fair. She deserved eternal happiness, not never-ending misery. 
“What happened to her mother?” He knew her father and a woman she believed was her stepmother died in a home invasion that Gavin suspected was really Rakshasa looking for Sydney, but he had no idea what happened to her mother. 
William turned back to the stream and took a moment to gather his thoughts. Gavin watched the rain clouds pour over the mountaintops, heading their way. 
“They were living in South Carolina at the time. We are usually made aware of our charges upon their birth, although we do not have to report to active duty until they come of age.”
“Have their first period.”
“Yes. Still, I liked to keep an eye out for my charges, right from the beginning. Learn their personalities, I suppose.” William shrugged, as if it was of little consequence, but Gavin saw the pain in his eyes. William had undoubtedly loved each and every one of his charges, and his heart had been broken each and every time he lost one, whether it was to their mate, or to death, thanks to Gavin and the other Rakshasa. 
Guilt sliced through him again, fresh and raw.
“Her mother was human, completely so, as far as I could tell. Her father was the one who carried the recessive gene that made her a Chala. It’s strange, really. I’ve never heard of that happening before. You can imagine my excitement over having such a special charge.”
He paused, and Gavin nodded, encouraging him to hurry along his story. The storm was coming, and he wanted to get back to Sydney. She still wasn’t speaking to him, but to be under the same roof would be enough. For now.
“Some Rakshasa stumbled upon them one day, when Sydney was only six. Her father had chosen to live in the human world, shunning his shifter family, in hopes of protecting his daughter. He truly believed she could grow up and have a normal, human life.”
“Isn’t she immortal?”
“Yes. Her father would have been, too, had he not died. But he knew only the barest essentials about that aspect of his life. I guess his parents had the same mindset, and told him only what they felt he needed to know. Anyway, I noticed the Rakshasa lurking about their neighborhood. Technically, I wasn’t supposed to get involved yet, but I couldn’t help it. This was my charge, and her life was in danger.”
“They went after Sydney and her mother died protecting her?”
“No, Harry Potter, not quite. I guess they figured killing a kid would be easy, so they focused on the parents first. I slipped in and snuck Sydney out, and her father managed to escape on his own, but her mother wasn’t so lucky.”
“How did her father explain it to her?”
William shrugged. “She was only six, so he didn’t have to do much explaining. She died. End of story. They picked up and moved to Michigan at my suggestion. Several Fates have settled there over the years, so there would be plenty of eyes on them, and plenty of people to play off as ‘extended family.’”
“Where’s the stepmother/stepbrother bit come into play?”
William pursed his lips again. “Her name was Veronica. She was a Fate as well. Is. Of course, Fates can’t die, can we?”
He paused, as if he expected an answer, even though they both already knew. “Right.”
“Veronica and Sydney’s father, George, met by chance, actually. Shortly before Sydney’s thirteenth Birthday. I already had several ideas in my head to explain my presence in her life, but Veronica fell in love with her father, and made it easy.”
“The Fate fell in love with a human?”
“It happens,” William said crossly. “It’s no fun when it does, considering the whole mortal-immortal aspect, but it still happens. Love doesn’t exactly ask if it’s convenient, now, does it?”
“No,” Gavin said quietly. “It doesn’t.”
“Anyway, I came up with the idea of Veronica marrying Sydney’s father and introducing me as her son. Hence the reason Sydney believed me to be her stepbrother.”
“So where’s Veronica now?”
William heaved a sigh. “When Sydney’s father was killed, she was devastated. Her body was destroyed in the attack, so she disappeared, returning to the First Fate’s home to regenerate, which is where we all go when our bodies are destroyed. And she was then deemed unfit to return to active Fate duty. An easy choice, I’m sure, considering there were no new Chala to protect. Still, it’s really quite sad. I saw her a few years ago. She still suffers.”
Gavin could believe it. He suspected he would be the same way, if Sydney was killed. He shifted from foot to foot, impatient. More raindrops splattered onto the ground, onto Gavin’s head, onto William’s wig.
“Sydney came to love Veronica. She was at an age where she was ripe for a mother’s love, and Veronica had always wanted to be a mother, but died childless. They became inseparable. Veronica blurred the line between Fate and friendship.”
“Don’t you all?”
William’s gaze flickered to Gavin, and then shifted back to the churning water. “I suppose we do. But Veronica was foolish, as well. She was still young, for a Fate, and threw herself into the role of playing house. I believe, toward the end, she truly thought that’s what she was: a wife and mother. She forgot she was also supposed to be protecting Sydney and her father.”
“Sydney said you took her to spend time with extended family, and her father and stepmother died in a home invasion while you were gone.”
“Yes, that’s the line we gave her. In truth, I figured out, once again, that the Rakshasa were coming after us. Even though Sydney hadn’t been around any other shifters and her blood hadn’t mingled with any shifter blood, which is what causes the scent that brought them all here”—he waved at the worn path leading to the house—“I thought they’d figured out what she was. Your kind are very cunning.”
“They learned from the best.”
“So I packed Sydney up and we went to Hilde’s. I tried to convince her father and Veronica to come with us, but George insisted he had to work, and that the threat wasn’t real, and Veronica insisted on staying with her ‘husband.’ And they both died as a result. Well, Veronica was destroyed. And Sydney’s heart was broken twice that day. She lost her father, and her second mother. Everyone she’s ever loved, she’s lost. Including you—if you let this happen.”
“Let what happen?” Gavin asked, bewildered. “I didn’t let anything happen. Your buddy Prim did this. She—”
“She was wrong, yes. But you have to fix this, Gavin.”
“How the hell am I supposed to do that?”
William spread his arms wide. The rain suddenly increased in volume. His blond wig was plastered to his head, his skirt molded to his legs.
“I have no idea,” he said. “I’m a Fate, not a fortuneteller.”
Gavin growled, low in his throat, but before he could formulate a retort, his eyes suddenly went round and he knew without looking into a mirror that they were glowing.
“Sydney!” he said on a gasp, clutching at William’s sodden dress. “Sydney! She’s in danger!”
And he took off at a run.


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“My life officially sucks.”
The words echoed faintly, as the trees surrounding Sydney quickly swallowed them and returned the world to normal: an incoming storm, with whipping wind, plunging temperatures, and sporadically spitting rain.
Matches my mood perfectly. 
In truth, she was surprised she still felt so angry. She’d screamed at Gavin so thoroughly and for so long, even she was surprised at her own stamina. When she’d run out of ridiculous things to blame on him, she’d turned tail and run. Obviously, he’d assumed she’d run back to the bedroom they shared, because if he had even a remote inkling that she’d run into the woods behind Killian’s home, he certainly would have come chasing after her by now. No matter how blasphemous, no matter how cruel, how insulting she’d become, he had stood there, taking it, stoically. Like a man.
No, she corrected herself. Like a shifter. A Rakshasa.
He knew. He knew. He knew, he knew, he knew.
She kept repeating the words in her head, until she questioned her own sanity. One look at William had told her everything. The Fate had looked so guilty, he was like a child who’d stolen a cookie before dinner and had gotten caught.
If William looked guilty, why am I so angry with Gavin?
She had the answer to that, too. William’s job was to protect her, plain and simple. It hurt, of course, that he would keep such an important truth from her, but she could understand it. His protection was for her physical self, but she knew William, and his protection extended to her emotional well-being as well. Besides, William would assume it was Gavin’s place to tell her.
Gavin was supposed to be her mate, her lover, her confidant, her…everything.
Except my true mate. The sadness tried to push against the anger. He could give her everything…except the future of her own kind. Her destiny.
“Your species ends with you. Rakshasa cannot beget Chala. It has never occurred. It goes against the laws of nature. So the choice is yours, Chala. Your species, or your bedmate.”
The choice is mine.
But it wasn’t, not really. If she had a choice, well, even as angry as she was, she would choose Gavin. Her love for the impossible shifter ran that deep. Which meant the choice was most certainly not hers. Because there was no choice, really.
The future of the Light Ones depended upon her. It was such a heavy weight to bear upon some rather un-sturdy shoulders. 
How will I ever get over him? How will I ever look another man in the eye, kiss him, let him undress me…Make love to him? Carry his child in my womb?
As much as Sydney played lip service to wanting to wait before getting pregnant, she’d already had multiple fantasies involving herself waddling around with Gavin’s child growing inside her, and then holding Gavin’s child in her arms, watching Gavin hold her child in his arms.
She’d never had that sort of fantasy with any other man she’d ever dated, and until Prim dropped her bombshell, Sydney would have sworn she knew the reason why: because Gavin was her soul mate. They were meant to be together. Like peanut butter and jelly, she’d told him once, giggling, when they’d been in a particularly playful mood, not so many days ago.
A lifetime ago.
Her life had changed so much in such a short period of time. This was her pack, these were her Light Ones, her future. Her family. And Gavin was a part of it. An integral part of it. Those shifters looked to him to be their leader. Not a one among them could lead half as well as him.
Without Gavin, she might as well walk right up to the Rakshasa and invite them to kill her. She knew that without Gavin, her pack was vulnerable. But with him, well, they actually stood a chance. A chance for Sydney to choose a mate and have babies and ensure that the future of her species was intact.
Will he stay on, if I choose to mate with another? How the hell could she ever mate with someone else? Especially if Gavin decided to remain their leader. Every day, he would be there. Every day, training them, pushing them, teaching them, leading them. Sometimes, watching him stand there and bark orders at them as they trained would get her so hot, she’d practically attack him when they were alone together in their bedroom that evening.
Would she feel the same lust for her other mate, after watching Gavin train all day?
The rain began to spit with more insistence, and Sydney finally admitted she was lost. It was almost enough to make her laugh, if her life weren’t so utterly and completely devoid of anything remotely cheerful at the moment. She hadn’t gotten lost since Gavin walked into her life. Was this some sort of foreboding?
She’d left the house, running blindly, the tears making it difficult to see anyway. Instead of heading toward the sound of splashing water—an area she knew reasonably well—she’d plunged into the forest on the other side of the house. And she’d run and run and run, until she had a stitch in her side, and dropped to her knees, gasping for breath and wishing she’d had the foresight to grab a bottle of water on her way out the door. Unfortunately, that wouldn’t have made for nearly as dramatic an exit.
She knew she could close her eyes and open her mind and she would be able to find her way back to Gavin, but she didn’t want to do that, not yet, maybe not ever. What if she ran away? Surely there were other Light Ones in the world. What if she left, and found another pack? One that didn’t have any connection to Gavin. Maybe then she could start over, without the constant reminder of his presence.
Who was she kidding? His image was burned into her brain. Even now, when she closed her eyes against the rain, an instant and perfect image of Gavin immediately popped into her head. She quickly opened them, just in case that particular action would cause him to seek her out. She wasn’t ready to see him. Not yet.
She considered summoning William. But she wasn’t ready to deal with the sadness in his eyes, and the guilt he would inevitably feel. Whether he’d known for five minutes or five days, William would feel guilty for the way she discovered the truth. And she had nothing left to give someone else at the moment. 
Sydney stopped wandering and focused on listening, trying to seek out the sound of the roiling stream over the steady splatter of raindrops and the whistling of the wind. She thought she heard a branch snap, and she whipped her head around, straining to see in the almost impenetrable darkness. Suddenly, running away blindly seemed like a really stupid idea. Whatever her relationship with Gavin, she was still a Chala, possibly the last Chala, and it was dangerous for her to wander the woods alone.
“What the hell are you doing out here by yourself?”
Sydney turned so fast she winced at the crick in her neck. Brandon Haines stood before her, blond hair plastered to his forehead, clothes soaked to the skin, eyes glowing dangerously. She sucked in a breath and took an unsteady step backward.
“Where the hell is your mate? Is he fucking nuts?”
Sydney shook her head. Her mouth opened, but no words came out.
Brandon squinted and took a step toward her. “Are you—Are you crying?”
Sydney finally found her voice, and a trace of her dignity. “It’s raining. What makes you think I’m crying?”
“Your eyes are more red than blue, and your face is all splotchy. Classic crying signs. Fighting with your dark mate?”
“None of your damn business. What are you doing here? Where’s Nate? I can’t believe you killed Jack. I should have told Gavin about you. I should have—”
“Nate’s probably caught up with the rest of your pack by now, and I didn’t kill Jack. You really think I would do that?” He actually appeared insulted.
“Well, um, yeah. Look what you did to Gavin.”
“Gavin killed my mother. Jack and Nate were actually pretty damn nice to me, all things considered. The Rakshasa killed Jack. I tried to save him, but at the time, I was hindered by some tight goddamned ropes around my wrists.”
“Oh. Well, thanks?”
“Don’t thank me. He’s dead.”
“Nate isn’t. So thanks.”
“I didn’t save him. The Rakshasa caught up with us. Jack refused to tell them where you all went, so they killed him. Nate was a little easier to convince.”
Sydney gasped, and Brandon nodded grimly. “Yeah. They caught up to us in Missouri. The only reason I got to live was because they still haven’t gotten all their money.”
“I can’t believe you paid them to capture Gavin. Those shifters were your friends. And I happen to be your Chala.” 
Brandon had the grace to look abashed. “I know. I was stupid. I acted rashly.”
“You acted on a two-hundred-year-old grudge. That’s the antithesis of rash!”
Brandon’s neck reddened. “Look, I didn’t realize, okay? All I knew was Gavin the badass Rakshasa. He killed my mother, Sydney!” 
“I know. And I’m sorry for your loss,” Sydney said sympathetically. “But it happened over two hundred years ago. He is in a far different place now. And I know it won’t bring your mother back, but I truly believe he has more than purged his sins.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know. I get it, okay? I was stupid. I know he’s changed now. I could see it—in you. You’re the reason he’s in a better place.”
Sydney barked out a laugh. “Shows what you know.”
“I can tell by the way he looks at you,” Brandon insisted. “The way he treats you. It’s you, Sydney. You, the Chala. His Chala.”
She snorted. “Apparently you didn’t get the memo. I’m not his Chala. We’re—we’re an aberration, apparently. We—” Her voice cracked. She cleared her throat as she tried to blink back tears. She’d thought—hoped—they were all dried up by now. Apparently not.
“He’s still a Rakshasa,” she said miserably. “And I was recently informed that he and I—that…that…” She couldn’t even say it. Saying it made it real.
Brandon understood without explanation. Apparently she was the only one who hadn’t gotten the memo. He whistled. “That sucks. Gavin must be pretty broken up.” He didn’t look as if he minded so much that Gavin might be broken up. Apparently, Brandon realized the error of his ways, but that didn’t mean he had to actually like the man. It may have been two hundred years ago, and Gavin may have changed, but he had still killed Brandon’s mother.
Sydney cleared her throat again. “How—How are you here? Are you…? Have I…?”
“Am I here to capture you and hand you over to the Rakshasa? No. I escaped. I had to get here to warn you.”
“Warn me?”
“They’re coming. They know where you are. You have to get back to your pack. They’re right behind—”
“You!” Sydney screamed. Her eyes widened when a giant fur-covered creature dove out of the undergrowth and leaped at Brandon’s back. “Duck!”
Brandon instinctively obeyed. The shifter dove right over his head and all four paws slammed into Sydney, knocking her to the ground.
Brandon immediately realized his mistake and ran at the animal, grabbing fistfuls of fur and forcing him away from Sydney. By the time the shifter turned around, Brandon had shifted as well, and they circled each other, teeth bared, saliva dripping from thick, sharp fangs, eyes glowing brightly in the pouring rain.
They lunged, and soon were rolling on the ground, jaws snapping, spittle, blood, and fur flying every which way. Sydney scrambled to her feet and backed up against a tree, feeling helpless, as she watched the animals battle.
The sense of awareness she was fast coming to recognize as a warning sign that a shifter was in her vicinity washed over her, and Sydney knew instantly this was foe, not friend. She stood stock still, waiting to see where the next one would emerge. She almost missed him, because he was a flying mass of fur and fangs, as he leaped into the snarling fight carrying on in front of her.
“Oh no!”
With the three of them in animal form, it was impossible to tell how well Brandon was faring. Sydney had no idea what to do. She had a little magic, and she could start flinging it, but what if she accidentally hit Brandon? He’d be rendered utterly helpless, and they wouldn’t hesitate to kill him. So she decided a different tactic.
“Hey, boys! The prize is over here!” She stepped away from the tree, waving her hands to get their attention.
Both Rakshasa lifted their noses and sniffed the air, and then turned almost as one to face her.
Brandon shifted back to human form long enough to say, “Are you fucking crazy, woman? Run!”
Instead, she threw a dose of magic at each shifter, rendering them both frozen. Then she ran to Brandon. “Come on.” She grabbed his hand, practically dragging him with her.
“Ow, stop! Fates, Sydney, I can’t run right now. Damn it, one of them bit my ankle near off. Ow!” Brandon complained as he limped along.
“That spell only lasts for a short time. Uh-oh.”
Three shifters were standing in a row, facing them, growling malevolently. The spell had worn off.
“How do they keep multiplying like that?” Sydney asked.
“There are probably thirty more on the way. Run. I’ll fight them off. Get back to your pack and tell them to prepare for war. It’s coming. Go!”
“What about you?”
“Hey, consider it payback,” he said, clearly trying to be flip.
“No.” Sydney turned and faced the trio of angry shifters, standing at Brandon’s side with her hands balled into fists. 
He gave her a disbelieving look. “No way. Get out of here. I’m not going to have your death hanging on my head.”
“Then I suggest we ensure neither one of us dies.”
Easier said than done. Sydney couldn’t shift, so she was forced to fight off three overlarge, vicious dogs with only her fists, feet, and a few doses of almost completely ineffective magic. 
Brandon roared, shifting into an animal at the same time. He slammed into one of the attacking Rakshasa, knocking the dog off its feet. It rolled several times until it hit a tree, and while it hadn’t been rendered unconscious, it took its time climbing to its feet. 
Brandon twisted to the right and caught another one along the side of its belly, his razor sharp claws slicing through fur and skin and muscle, causing the other dog to howl in pain.
A stab of pain on her leg caused Sydney to turn her attention to the third Rakshasa, who had sliced his long, black claws across her ankle. She cried out and drop to one knee. She focused on her magic and flung it at him, momentarily freezing him. 
But she was already weakened, and the spell wore off within minutes. He came at her again, snapping at her arms and legs as she tried to fend him off. She delivered a solid kick to his snout, but he shook it off and responded by clamping his jaw down on her wrist until she heard bones crack and she screamed in agony.
Brandon—she assumed it was him—leaped onto the Rakshasa’s back, grabbed it by the scruff of its neck and tore off a chunk of flesh and fur. Blood spurted, indicating he’d found an artery. The animal writhed and yipped, clearly in pain, and Brandon let it go to focus on the one he’d attacked first, which had recovered enough to go another round. 
In minutes, Brandon and Sydney were exhausted, grievously injured, and barely able to fend off the remaining two Rakshasa. They sat side by side, their backs against a tree, making feeble attempts to defend themselves, as the Rakshasa toyed with them, like a cat would a mouse. Seemingly tired of the game, one shifter rushed at them, lashing out and catching Sydney, its claws slicing across her neck. She screamed and slapped her hand against the wound. Warm blood gushed, soaking her hand and her chest. 
Brandon found a new burst of energy and shifted into animal form again. He managed to overpower one Rakshasa, and for a few minutes, it appeared as though he might win the battle.
But he wore out far faster than the other remaining animal, and as Sydney lay bleeding on the wet ground, she could hear the sounds of more shifters on the way. They weren’t even trying to be quiet. It sounded like thunder rushing through the woods toward them. She had a moment of clarity as she realized she was about to die and it was her own damn fault.
Brandon was thrown to the ground next to her. He shifted into human form, and she saw he was covered in blood and was utterly exhausted. As the last Rakshasa advanced, Sydney tossed wave after wave of weak magic at it, trying to keep it from coming any closer. The cavalry of the damned was about to overcome them, but Sydney refused to go down without a fight.
The shifter stalked in slow motion, almost like he was practicing dance moves, pushing against her magic, creeping closer, until a clawed paw wrapped around her ankle.
Her heart leaped into her throat. “I can’t—”
Whatever she intended to say was cut off by the sound of a roar, a freight train, charging through the woods, more deafening than a moment before. There was a flash of something—fur?—as the shifter whose paw clutched her ankle was jerked away and tossed through the air, slamming into a nearby tree, the action punctuated by the sound of wet wood and crunching bones. 
And then Gavin crouched before her, his face swimming much too closely, his gaze roving over her person, taking in the multitude of injuries and blood.
“They hurt my mate,” he murmured, and he stroked her face.
Sydney closed her eyes as the warmth washed over her and his touch began to heal her injuries.
“Sure wish you could do that for me, too.” Brandon said on a groan from where he still lay at Sydney’s side.
Gavin growled and turned as if he meant to attack Brandon. 
Sydney grabbed his arm. “He saved my life, Gavin. Don’t you dare touch him, other than to carry him back to the house.”
She watched the internal battle play out on Gavin’s face, but he finally backed off. 
“I’m carrying you back. He’s going to have to hoof it.”
“Whatever. Let’s just get out of here. They’re coming.”
“They’re already here,” Gavin corrected. “Hear that? It’s the sound of our pack kicking the shit out of those bastards. Come on. I’m taking you back to the house and chaining you to the goddamned bed.”
“That sounds lovely,” Sydney mumbled, just before her head lolled to the side and the world went black.


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Sydney woke up in far more comfort than when she’d passed out, although there was something heavy lying on her stomach. Even that wasn’t entirely uncomfortable, since something was also massaging her breast and she was certain the two were connected. 
She blinked open her eyes to discover she was lying on her back, in the bedroom she shared with Gavin, with him lying on top of her, idly stroking one of her breasts. 
She wiggled her fingers and toes, noted she felt no pain…anywhere. 
“Did we make up somewhere along the way?” Her voice sounded like it was being dragged over gravel.
A cup with a straw appeared in front of her face and she drank greedily. 
Gavin lifted his head off her chest and propped it in one of his hands, watching her. “You don’t remember?”
She turned to the side, noted the bright halo of light glowing around the closed curtains. “Considering the sun’s up, I’m pretty sure I’ve been unconscious for a while.”
“Yeah, but you woke up at one point, begged me to take you back and swore you would never leave me again. You also swore to honor and obey me for the rest of eternity.”
“I actually might have believed you if you’d left out the honor and obey crap.”
“Damn it.”
They both fell silent for a moment, each studying the other with a slight wariness. Gavin shifted slightly and she contemplated reaching up and bringing him down for a kiss, which she knew would lead to other, infinitely satisfying activities. Unfortunately, that would only momentarily block out the realities of the world.
“Is Prim still here?” 
Gavin shook his head. “William rooked her into helping with the wounded, and as soon as everyone was put back together, she hopped a plane to wherever it is she’s been hiding for the past several hundred years.”
“Oh.”
“William seems to think she feels guilty for what she did.”
Sydney frowned. “Doubtful. But even so, she’s right, isn’t she? Even if I do get pregnant, it won’t be a Light One or a Chala, will it?”
Gavin hesitated and then blew out a breath. “Probably not. Not that a Chala and a Rakshasa have ever hooked up before, since we’re normally hardwired to kill you instead of fuck you. But considering the obvious difference between a Rakshasa’s genes and a Light One’s genes, I’d say not.”
“What would it be?”
“A Rakshasa, I would imagine.”
“Cursed?”
“No idea. Although I wouldn’t wish this curse on anyone, but especially a child. The guilt would kill him.”
“Lovely.” Sydney pushed him away, and he moved with obvious reluctance so she could climb out of bed. She felt him watching her as she slipped into the attached bathroom. She returned wearing the thin cotton robe with yellow stars embroidered onto it that she’d pulled off the back of the door.
“So if we stay together, we shouldn’t ever have kids, right?”
“That would be the safest bet,” Gavin agreed.
“And the Light One population dies out, since it’s very likely I’m the last Chala on earth.”
“Well, technically, we’re immortal, so long as we avoid killing each other…”
“I love you.”
Gavin scrambled up and sat on the side of the bed, his eyes glowing as he stared at her. “I love you too, Sydney.”
“I don’t want to live without you.”
“That’s good, since I happen to share that sentiment,” he said slowly, watching her like a hungry predator.
She had the fanciful thought that if she stepped close enough to the bed, he’d attack. She imagined she’d like his form of attacking. A lot.
“Actually, I’m not sure I can live without you.”
“You’re justifying my selfishness. I like it.”
“I tried to imagine mating with one of the other guys, when I was out there wandering in the woods last night.”
“Two nights ago. And if you ever do that again, I’ll kill whichever one it is you were imagining.”
Sydney rolled her eyes and then clapped her hand over her mouth. “I was unconscious for two days?”
Gavin nodded. “The injury to your neck was nearly fatal.” She heard the pain in his voice. 
She paced to the door and back, contemplating. “What if we destroyed the Rakshasa population?” she asked. “Wouldn’t that basically eliminate the threat to the Light Ones?”
“Yes. But there are far more of them and they’re better warriors and—”
She cut him off with a wave of her hand. He gave her an annoyed look as his mouth worked soundlessly for a moment.
“Don’t go all Negative Nelly on me right now, Gavin. I need some positive in my life. The only way you and I can stay together is if we figure out a way to keep the Light One population stable without me singlehandedly repopulating the earth. And the only way I can see to do that is to go on the offensive and start attacking them, instead of waiting for them to attack us.”
“Your mind certainly works furtively when you sleep.”
“Don’t mock me,” she warned.
In a flash, he was across the room, snagging her around the waist and pulling her back to the bed. Somehow, she found herself lying on her back again, naked, with Gavin’s equally naked body pressing down on her.
“When you start talking war and politics it gets me hot,” he said, nuzzling her neck.
“Everything gets you hot,” Sydney pointed out as she obligingly lifted her chin to give him better access.
“No. You get me hot.” And then his hands were everywhere, and his lips were on hers, demanding, insistent, telling her without words what she meant to him. And as she crested her climax, she thought, I will never let him go.


EPILOGUE

“They’re in,” Gavin stated.
“Really? All of them? Even though I won’t mate with any of them?”
Gavin almost laughed at the narcissistic-sounding question. “Sydney, they’ve known that since they joined the pack. That hope may have been what drove them here, but the opportunity to fight—to win—is what keeps them here.”
“Oh.”
This time, Gavin did laugh. He wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her to him, burying his nose in her hair and breathing deeply of her utterly intriguing scent. His Chala.
“I stay here because of you. Is that good enough for you?”
Sydney gave him an impish smile. “Yes. That’s plenty good enough for me.” She paused and looked over to the clearing, where a group of shifters were being led through a series of strengthening exercises.
“Thanks for letting Brandon stay,” she said, the playfulness gone from her voice.
“It’s only because of that thing you did with the ice and the candle the other day.”
Sydney rolled her eyes. “No, it isn’t. You let him stay because you realized he’d made a mistake and was sorry for it. God knows you’ve made plenty of mistakes in your time.”
“Hey,” Gavin protested, but weakly. She was right, of course. “He’s going to have a rough time of it,” he predicted. “The pack doesn’t trust him right now. They’re going to haze the shit out of him.”
Sydney’s brow furrowed. “They won’t carry it too far, will they?”
“Nah. At least not by their standards.”
“Gavin!”
He kissed her nose. “I’ll be sure to step in when I think it’s going too far.”
“Thank you.”
“No, thank you.”
“For what?”
“For loving me.”
Sydney blushed. “We’re going to make it, aren’t we?”
“Damn straight.” 
Together, they walked toward the practice field, to join their pack, their friends, their army.


The End… for now.

Flip the page to read the first chapter of the next installment of the Twisted Fate Trilogy…



PRIM AND PROPER FATE
Twisted Fate Trilogy Book 2

Brandon Haines hates Fates. As far as he's concerned, they serve no good purpose.

Even Prim. She's sex and candy walking, and he may not be able to get her out of his head, but that doesn't mean he's going to do anything about it.

Except now he needs her.

Because Gavin Rowan's curse has been lifted, and Prim is the only one who can re-curse him. Otherwise, Brandon's whole damn species will be annihilated.


Twisted Fate Trilogy, in reading order:
Of Love and Darkness
Prim and Proper Fate
Prisoner of Fate



Chapter 1

“What if his curse was lifted?”
Prim jerked from her doze and blinked dazedly at her companion. Righting the crystal champagne flute that had slipped from her lax fingers, she contemplated the dredges of the mimosa she’d been drinking before the warm sun and uninspiring conversationalist had lulled her to sleep.
“What did you say?”
“What if he wasn’t cursed anymore?”
From behind giant hater-blocker sunglasses, Prim stared at Killian, the Fate whose home in Arkansas was currently overrun with a pack of Light Ones, one cursed Rakshasa, and the only Chala the world believed existed. 
“If Gavin wasn’t cursed, Sydney would be dead.” 
He was referring to Gavin Rowan, the cursed Rakshasa who had somehow not only become leader of arguably the largest, strongest, and most organized pack of Light Ones she’d ever encountered, but who also considered himself mate to the aforementioned Chala, Sydney Amataya. 
“She’s surrounded by Light Ones, all the time,” Killian argued. “They will protect her with their lives. Especially if she takes one of them to mate.”
“They are Light Ones Gavin trained. And as much as Sydney is in love with him, I cannot imagine her accepting anyone else as her mate, whether he is cursed or not.”
Killian clenched his teeth and blew out a breath, which Prim took as a sign of his frustration that he did not have a good comeback for her reply.
“He would kill her in an instant and without remorse if he were no longer cursed,” Prim insisted. She had cursed him herself, two hundred years ago. She understood that curse better than any other, save, perhaps, Gavin himself. She had also seen the look of utter devastation in his eyes when, several months ago, she had informed Sydney that she and Gavin could not truly be mates, could not procreate, because, despite the curse, he was still a Rakshasa, and Chala were not meant to mate with the doppelgangers to the Light Ones. Light Ones protected humanity. Rakshasa ate them for dinner.
“We are supposed to guide and protect the Chala,” she added, warming to her argument, spurred by her own fears. If Sydney died . . . “She is the last known Chala in the world.”
“And she believes she is mated to a Rakshasa.” Killian practically spat the words. “I’d say we haven’t been very good guides. Have you forgotten Chala are the only fertile Light Ones? She and that cursed Rakshasa cannot even procreate. How is she supposed to birth more Chala if she remains mated—or whatever you want to call it—to him? And if she does not birth more Chala, what happens to the Light One population? The humans? Without Chala, there are no more Light Ones. Without Light Ones, eventually no more humans. The Rakshasa will dine on their bones until they are extinct. You know this as well as I.”
Despite the sun beating down on her and the almost too warm temperature, Prim shivered. She wanted to plunge into the ocean gently lapping at the beach a few feet away, although that was admittedly to get away from this conversation, more so than because she needed to cool down.
“They are immortal,” she said. “So long as they maintain the current population, there is no need for Sydney to procreate.” 
Killian made a noise in his throat, like a growl. She almost laughed at the absurdity of it. He sounded like Gavin when he did that, although she doubted he would appreciate the observation. 
“The Rakshasa have historically been better warriors than the Light Ones. They have no conscience, no guilt over killing. They eat humans, for the love of Fates. The Light One population will be decimated.”
“They have Gavin on their side now. He was once a Rakshasa. One of their strongest. Trust me. I was well acquainted with the un-cursed version of Gavin.” 
She shivered again, as the memories slid through her head, one after the other, a slideshow of all the Chala she had loved and lost. 
“Not to mention, he loves Sydney more fiercely than I have ever seen anyone love another. He will not let anything happen to her.”
Prim recognized the irony in her own defense. Only a few short weeks ago, she had left her private island and taken a rare trip to the mainland so she could inform Sydney and Gavin that their relationship was an abomination. Cursed or not, Gavin was not a Light One, and therefore could not technically be Sydney’s mate. Despite what his heart told him. And now she defended him to the very Fate who had come to her island paradise to convince her to personally deliver that truth.
“Why do you hate him so?” she asked. 
“He is a Rakshasa. I hate all Rakshasa.”
“This is more than that. You are much too adamant.”
Grabbing the tube of sunscreen lying in the sand next to his lounger, Killian slathered a layer onto his face and then turned away from her. “I am a Fate. Our job, our entire existence, is to protect the Chala and see them mated to Light Ones. We are neither protecting her nor mating her to an appropriate shifter, and yet I allow them to live in my home, under my roof. It isn’t right.” 
There was more to the story, Prim was certain, but she knew she wouldn’t get it out of the other Fate, and frankly, she was tired of the conversation.
“You claim he loves her,” Killian said, apparently not ready to change the subject yet. “But it isn’t truly love if it’s dependent upon the curse.”
“Perhaps,” she acknowledged. “But Gavin has been cursed for more than half his life. At this point, he knows nothing else. He has become the cursed Rakshasa. He believes what he feels for her is genuine, so therefore, it is.”
Prim had been battling this particular argument in her head since she’d nearly broken Gavin and Sydney’s hearts with her proclamation. The guilt had yet to ease, despite their determination to stay together. Killian’s words did nothing more than bring it to the forefront of her mind. Not wishing to talk about it any longer, she said, “You said they were leaving your home soon?”
A month ago, Gavin and his pack had shown up on Killian’s doorstep, seeking a place to hide Sydney, who was being hunted by a pack of Rakshasa that had picked up her scent. They’d moved into the overlarge house tucked into the Ozarks of western Arkansas, much to the owner’s chagrin. Not that Killian could have turned them away. Sydney’s Fate, William, had asked for the favor, and Fates did not say no to one another. Especially when the favor involved protecting a Chala. Fates existed for the soul purpose of protecting Chala. 
Killian blew out a breath. “Yes, finally. In fact, I suppose I should head back soon. I believe they are leaving tomorrow or the next day. I will have my privacy back. It won’t quite be a beautiful sandy beach and this glorious sunshine all the time, but it will be free of shifters.” 
He sighed, and she felt his gaze on her person, much as it had been every day for his extended visit. She knew her red-streaked, thick auburn locks, dark skin, and chocolate-brown eyes were attractive. That was before one’s gaze traveled down to her ample chest, frozen in perpetuity as a twenty-five-year-old woman, and her narrow waist, slightly flared hips, and long legs, ending in colt-like ankles. She was fully aware of her own beauty, and while she supposed she was flattered on a basic level—and had not lain with a man in more years than she cared to count—responding to Killian’s obvious interest was the very last thing she intended to do. 
Killian wasn’t just a glass-half-empty guy; his glass had never been filled in the first place. His depressing personality could drag anyone down, and Prim often felt as though she barely held on to her sanity as it was. Sleeping with Killian would no doubt send her over the edge. 
She’d also never been a fan of Killian and his constant complaining about everything and everyone. She imagined he could leach out what little happiness was left in her life if she let him any further into it. They were on friendly terms because they were both Fates, and their responsibilities forced them to be allies. But as far as personalities went, Prim would much rather be stranded on a desert island with the cross-dressing, eccentric Fate William any day over the depressing, gruff, and constantly complaining Killian.
“Do you know where they’re going?” Prim didn’t particularly care. She only intended to steer the conversation away from the memory of the look in Gavin’s eyes when she told him he was not truly Sydney’s mate. Not to mention what she knew was Killian’s hope for a quick romp before he headed back to the mainland. 
It wasn’t happening. As far as she was concerned, Killian could leave sooner rather than later. The solitude did often get to her, but it was still far better than his company.
“Back up north,” Killian said, making a sour face. “Why anyone would choose to live in such a miserable, cold place is beyond me.”
His comment was amusing because first, nothing could possibly be any colder and more miserable than living with Killian, and second, Fates were immune to temperature fluctuations, so it really didn’t matter where they lived. Prim had visited the northern United States on occasion. The area was quite lovely, with four distinct seasons and the strong sense of pride the residents carried like a flag into battle.
They both fell silent, lost in their own thoughts. The waves gently lapped at the beach as tropical birds called out to one another. Somewhere in the distance, a monkey screamed. Her little slice of paradise really was wonderful at times like this . . . 
“Are you the only one who can?”
Prim jerked out of another doze. Killian really needed to leave. She was normally neither this tired nor lazy. She glanced at the sky, judging the position of the sun. Nearly noon. She had whiled away the morning with nothing whatsoever to show for it, save the ability to say she had managed to put off Killian’s advances for part of yet another day.
“Can what?”
“Lift the curse.”
“Gavin’s curse? Why on earth would you ask such a thing?”
Killian shrugged and drained the rest of his Bloody Mary. “No reason. Just curious, is all.” He pushed himself out of the cushioned lounge chair. A dainty female brownie named Gaya appeared as if from thin air and took his empty glass before turning to Prim and taking hers as well. She wore a skimpy, chocolate-brown bikini that was only a shade darker than her skin tone and left almost nothing to the imagination. Killian’s gaze was hungry as he watched her swaying backside while she hurried toward a small tiki bar under a cluster of palm trees on the edge of the beach.
“I suppose I should go pack my things. One of your brownies will take me to that other island so I can charter a plane?”
“Of course.” Prim watched him walk across the sand toward the house-on-stilts that was half-hidden in the small copse of palm trees in the middle of the island. 
She did not miss the look that passed between him and Gaya. Undoubtedly, Gaya would make her way to his bedroom soon, to give him her own personal parting gift. Gaya was a lustful brownie, and Brokk, the brownie Prim employed to feed the few inhabitants who lived there, was the only eligible male on the entire island. Gaya had long ago grown bored with him, and Killian undoubtedly gave her a delightful change of scenery. 
It is just as well. Prim settled back into the lounger. One hundred seventy years ago, she’d handpicked the three brownies she’d wanted to move with her to this small slice of paradise: Gaya and her brother Brutus, as well as Brokk. She’d chosen them for their strengths and abilities and their lack of family or other ties that might cause them to pine away here, in a paradise that often felt far too secluded. At the time, Gaya and Brokk had already been sleeping together, and Prim had erroneously assumed the affair would stand the test of time.
But 170 years was a long time, and Gaya had become restless of late. Perhaps a weeklong romp with a willing Fate was just what she needed to ensure she stayed on the island and continued to do Prim’s bidding. 
Though the pair had long since disappeared from sight, she called out, “Take your time.”

Keep reading!





Paranormal Romance by Tami Lund ~

Taming the Dragon Series
Dragon His Heels
Hungry Like A Dragon
Dragon in Denial
Bewitching the Dragon
Let Go My Gargoyle


Lightbearer Series
First Light & Broken Light (prequels)
Into the Light
Dawning of Light
Light Beyond the Darkness
Change in the Light
Cupid’s Light


Twisted Fate Trilogy 
Of Love and Darkness
Prim and Proper Fate
Prisoner of Fate


(Blood Courtesans Vampire Series, written by multiple authors)
Resist
Eternity


Holiday Romance
Mirror, Mirror
Santa’s Destiny 


Dark Moon Falls
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Lyall
Benjamin
Anthony 


Which Witch Series
How I Fell Into Bed With A Demon
The Demon You Love

(Immortal Keeper Vampire Paranormal Romance Series, written by multiple authors)
Vampire’s Ghost


Gods of Thunder MC series
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Art of the Hunt


Contemporary Romance by Tami Lund ~

Darkheaven Rockstar series 
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Drum Me Away ~ coming soon!

Bryant Brothers Series
Racing Home
To Love & Protect
The Right Tool
Picture This

Sexy Bad Series (co-written with Misti Murphy)
Sexy Bad Neighbor
Sexy Bad Daddy
Sexy Bad Boss
Sexy Bad Escort
Sexy Bad Halloween

No Jerks on Monday (co-written with Misti Murphy)

Detroit Mafia Romance
Trapped by the Mob
Freed from the Mob
Born into the Mob
Controlled by the Mob
Return to the Mob 


Tough Love Series
Naked Truth
Undercover Heat
Delicious Deception

Baby, I’m Home

Separation Anxiety
(free read with NEWSLETTER SIGNUP)


Find Tami’s books here:
Tami Lund Website

Hang out with Tami Lund and her co-author, Misti Murphy, in the Sexy Bad Lounge!

****
Tami Lund is an author, a wine drinker, an award winner, and a lover of romance. She writes happily ever afters, one book at a time. You should sign up for her newsletter for updates, sales, free reads, and a regular dose of her quirky sense of humor: http://www.subscribepage.com/Tami_Lund

Facebook  ~ Instagram ~ Website



