Once bytten


A Once & Forever novel
Scarlett Walters
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review. For more information, address: scarwals@gmail.com.

First edition January 2021
Copyright © 2021 Scarlett Walters
All rights reserved.
ISBN: 9798708864673


Contents
One
Two
Three
Four
Five
Six
Seven
Eight
Nine
Ten
Eleven
Twelve
Thirteen
Fourteen
Fifteen
Sixteen
Seventeen
Eighteen
Nineteen
Twenty
Twenty One
Twenty Two
Twenty Three
Twenty Four
Twenty Five
Twenty Six
Twenty Seven
Twenty Eight
Twenty Nine
Thirty
Thirty One
Thirty Two
Thirty Three
Thirty Four
Thirty Five
Tirty Six
Thirty Seven
Thirty Eight
Thirty Nine
Forty
A Year Later
Epilogue
About the Author
Coming up next






ACKNOWLEDGMENTS


To my mum and dad, who have forever been my champions, encouraging me to follow my dreams. To my husband and kids who are always my strongest supporters.






One


2019 January, 4. New York City
It was pitch black and bullets were flying all around. James had no idea where his NVGs had gone and it didn’t look like he had the time to look for them. He needed to find cover. Fast. Another volley. From the right. James swung to the left, landing on something soft. Nothing was ever soft in Afghanistan. Even the sand that looked soft and silky from afar was prickly and itchy. He blinked, trying to make sense of his surroundings. Blue numbers stared back at him from a small table. 03:45. 

James rubbed a hand over his face, the stubble helping to calm his racing heart a little bit. The shapes around him looked more like bedroom furniture than a truck in the desert. He brushed his fingers through the therapeutic length of his hair, just skimming the tops of his shoulders. He was no longer in the army, no longer in Afghanistan.

The millions of lights that kept New York City awake through the night helped anchor him. Keeping him grounded to reality. He walked to the glass wall that overlooked Central Park and soaked in the sight. Few people could afford the luxury of that sight and he was glad to be one of them. He pulled on his sweats and a hoodie. There was no way he was going back to sleep, might as well make good use of the quiet city to get an early morning run in. 

Stepping out of the deliciously warm lobby, he pulled in a deep, freezing breath to start off on a slow jog which quickly built up in pace. Powering down E 79th street, he almost missed the little shop with the lights on. 

When the light, and the slight figure inside the shop, finally registered, James turned around and made his way back. The woman was furiously whipping something in a large bowl, swaying to a beat he couldn’t hear. The soldier in him reared his head. It was unacceptable for anyone to have such total disregard for situational awareness.

He walked up to the glass door and pushed it in. At least the woman had the sense to lock the door. Whatever sound he’d made must’ve drowned in the music she was swaying to. Her attention focused on whatever was in the bowl, she hadn’t noticed him standing at the door, or his first attempt at opening it. He took a moment to study the small shop and the woman inside. 

It looked like a bakery or a coffee shop with a seating capacity of about six or eight inside. She probably put up tables on the sidewalk on good days. There were a couple of such shops on the first floor of his building, so he was pretty certain there was a light switch on the left on the door. 

He shifted his focus to the woman. She looked tiny, wholly incapable of taking care of herself. And yet she was still unaware of his presence, a mere few feet from her. His temper rose another few notches. She was taking risks that could get her killed. It was time someone taught her a lesson. 

He rapped on the door. Startled green eyes snapped up to him as the woman dropped the thing she’d been beating around in the bowl; her hand going to her throat. If nothing else, her animal instincts were still alive. He gave her a full smile, making sure it reached his eyes. That smile had a long, successful record of drawing women in. 

Her hands dropped down to the sides of her apron, clutching it until her knuckles turned white. Her eyes yo-yoed between him and the door handle as she took a couple of steps back. James waved at her and mouthed, “Hi.”

Her delicate throat worked as she swallowed. The grip on the apron loosened and she shook her head. Wise girl. But could she stand her ground? Her life could depend on it. Time to find out if she was aware of that fact.

Keeping the smile in place he rattled the door handle again, more for effect this time, than anything else. 

She let go of the apron, laced her fingers together in front of her stomach and took a tentative step forward. James’s smile almost slipped with fury. She was going to open the damn door. Bloody idiot! 

“What do you want?” she asked. Her soft voice filtered through the door frame. 

“I came out for a jog. Didn’t realize how cold it is today. Could you, maybe, get me a cup of coffee? I know you are not yet open, but it’s really bad out here today and I am quite a bit from home.” A plausible enough story.

Her eyes travelled over him, almost like a physical caress. He knew he looked like what he was. A wealthy man out for a jog. Crossing his arms across his chest, he jammed his hands in his armpits and rocked up on the balls of his feet. He wasn’t cold, but appearances were important. He knew she’d lost the moment her fingers unlaced, she wiped her hands on the apron before taking the final step toward the door. He kept the benign smile pasted on his face while his whole body was coiled, ready for action. He’d done this millions of times. Only this time, he needed to be sure to control his strength. It’d be too easy to break the fragile neck, and the mission was not to kill.

She unlocked the door, took a deep breath before opening it wide, “Come on in.”

In a flash, the shop drowned in darkness as he switched off the light. He wrapped his fingers around the small throat, shoving her up against the glass wall. She scratched at the fingers cutting off her air. She could still breathe, but barely. 

James eased his hold on her throat, moved in closer, crushing her between his body and the glass. Placing his forearm on the glass near her head, he leaned down, his lips nearly brushing her ear. 

“You foolish woman,” he whispered.

A warm tear plopped on his hand. Perhaps his grip was still too strong on her throat. Or perhaps she was just terrified, which she ought to be. Moving his hand from her throat to the other side of her head, he boxed her in, not allowing her any wiggle room. “Now. I’m going to let you go and switch the light on. We’re then going to have a talk. If you fuckin’ even think of screaming, you won’t like the consequences. Do you understand?”

“Yes,” she whispered. Her voice came out scratchy. He winced. He’d throttled her too hard.

Stepping away, he switched on the light. She stayed put. Shoving his hands into his pockets, James leaned against the display stand. 

“What’s your name?” he asked, taking in the trembling girl for the first time. He’d been right about her height, or lack thereof. She didn’t exactly come up to his shoulder and would probably not tip the scale over a hundred pounds sopping wet. One thing was clear, though. She was stunning. From her slim yet full figure, to her bow shaped mouth, her moss green eyes and raven black hair, to her porcelain skin, fucking, stunning. 

Her eyes flashed as she tipped her chin up, “What are you planning to do to me?”

He had to smile at that. “Not the answer I was looking for. But I'll bite. If I wanted to do something to you, I’d not be standing here talking to you. Now, your name?” 

“Then why? What was the point of all this?” She ended in a fit of cough. 

He didn’t like to see her suffer because of him. But he’d take it if the alternative was some scumbag killing her, or worse, because she couldn’t be bothered to be careful. 

“Would you rather I’d planned to kill you? After raping you?”

She flinched but her eyes stayed on his. He raised a brow and she looked away. 

“Ella.”

“That wasn’t so hard now, was it, Ella?” James goaded.

“Get out!” she hissed at him and nearly jumped when he let out a deep rumble of a laugh. 

“How da…” 

“Because you were stupid enough to open the door to a complete stranger in the middle of the night, when you are all fucking alone!” His sharp voice whipped through her indignation. 

Ella looked away, finding a random spot somewhere on the floor. “It is a really cold morning!” she mumbled, trying to justify herself.

“Correct. It was also your life or mine. You chose mine, now I get to do whatever I choose with yours.” Even to his own ears, his voice sounded ominous.

For the first time since he’d let her go, she moved to put more distance between them. “You’re not being fair. You know it’s not so black and white.” Her voice barely carried the distance of the small shop. 

“Defenseless and helpless people never get a fair deal, Ella. I’m sure you’ve learned that lesson already,” his voice dripped sarcasm as he let his eyes undress her shamelessly.

She stiffened, “I am not helpless. Or defenseless.” She pulled out a pepper spray from a pocket hidden somewhere either on her apron or the jeans. The way the jeans fit her, James was inclined to think it was the apron. The woman was truly priceless. She had the spray pointed at him, declared she was not defenseless, then left her attacker standing. She was far too trusting for her own good. 

Fast as a whip, he was on to her, caught her wrist, twisted her arm and had it pinned to her back, her front pressed to him. 

“And just like that, you lost the one chance you had of using that weapon of yours.”

Ella closed her eyes, “I understand what you’re telling me. But that’s why I didn’t spray you. Like you said, if you wanted to hurt me, I’d not be standing here talking to you,” she tried to explain. 

“You understand nothing,” he barked, letting her go. “Ever heard of self-defense classes? There are tons in this city, some especially for women. Do yourself a favor, get enrolled in one.” He stalked to the door, jerking it open.

“Lock the door behind me. And next time, don’t let a stranger in,” he threw over his shoulder before loping out of sight. It took all the will power he had to not look back at the stunned woman. Ella. The name suited her. 

He’d only planned to show her the importance of being aware of her surroundings, to not trust strangers. However, walking away from the shop, he knew this wouldn’t be the last time he’d see her. Her ring finger was bare, which made her fair game. And for the first time in forever, he wanted to know a woman, not simply get into her pants.

***

Ella stared at the empty space the man left behind. It took her a while to wake up to the empty shop and lock the door. She wanted to rant about how insane he was, but couldn’t, in all honesty, deny that he did have a point. He’d proven it beyond any doubt. His words rang in her ears. It wasn’t the first time she’d been told to take self-defense classes and it was certainly not the first time she was seriously thinking about it. It’s just that there was so little time in the day!

She was an early riser, but four am was early even for her. After being on her feet for pretty much ten hours straight, all she wanted to do after packing up the last of the chairs at three pm was to get her feet off the ground. She could do something on Sunday, but that was the only day she had for herself. Self-defense wasn’t something she wanted to do in her ‘me’ time.

The oven timer dinged, waking her from her day-dreams. She’d better get on with the batch she was working on when the man interrupted. She cursed herself once again. The speed, strength, and precision of his attack meant that he had to be a soldier of some description. She had firsthand experience of all three which she wasn’t going to forget any time soon.

What if…? The thought came unbidden to her, making her stumble. She steadied herself on the display counter. She didn’t dare finish the thought. If he was spec ops like Christian, it was a very small world up there in the top echelons of the US military. She closed her eyes, hauling in a deep breath. She had her ‘go-bag’ packed for when Christian found her. There couldn’t be any doubt about that. All Ella hoped for was a warning, so she could run before he caught her. 

She baked every morning. Every morning die-hard joggers jogged past her little coffee shop. Why did this man decide to pull his stunt today? She desperately wanted to run upstairs, pick her bag and leave the city. But she dug her heels in - she’d not run at the first sign of trouble. It’d taken her two years to build up a life she was comfortable and happy in. She wouldn’t let Christian ruin it so easily! Besides, may be, just may be, this was really a coincidence, and that man didn’t really work for Christian.






Two


2019 January, 3. Salt Lake City
The red Porsche pulled up into the Hoover residence driveway just as Alan opened the door of his BMW for his wife. Christian’s hands tightened around the leather-bound steering of his second love. 

His wife should’ve been sitting next to him right now. Hell, she should’ve been on his arm when his little brother, Alan, got married last year. The past year had been a nightmare and he was only just getting on top of everything Daddy Hoover had been up to. With Alan at Med school, married and firmly out of the family business by his own choice, it hadn’t been easy.

But that was last year. He’d have more time now to focus on digging his wife out of whatever hole she’d hidden herself in and bring her back where she belonged. He already had his best man on her tracks. He loosened his grip on the steering wheel and glanced over at the passenger seat, smiling at the memory it held. Where he’d taken his wife’s virginity years ago.

2009 September. Salt Lake City
He jumped into his car half an hour after dumping his bag in the foyer, itching to see his Ella. It’d been a year and from what Alan had told him, it’d done a hell of a good to her body. He needed to make sure every dick at Watermans knew she belonged to him. 

He parked in the bay next to Alan’s car, drumming his fingers on the gear stick. They should be out any moment now. She didn’t know he was coming home today and Alan had promised to bring her to the car park right after her class.

Finally, there she was. His ray of sunshine in a bright yellow tank and denim shorts that hugged her ass like their life depended on it. Lucky bastards! Not for long though, for he intended to get her out of those soon enough. She was seventeen and he’d waited long enough. Besides, in this get up, it didn’t look like she wanted to wait either. He patted the rubber in his pocket, adjusted his already hard dick and got out of the car.

Leaning against the passenger door, he watched her tilt her face up to Alan and laugh at something. She’d always been happier, more relaxed around Alan, while shy and skittish around him. After today, she’d have no reason to be shy. Skittish wasn’t all that bad.

He waited for her to notice him. It wouldn’t be hard. He knew the year of training through the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps at MIT had done him a world of good and he was a lot bigger and bulkier than when he’d left. 

He knew the moment she spotted him. The smile froze on her face, as did her feet on the ground. Her beautiful lips formed a small ‘o’ and a smaller smile returned as the pair walked up to him. 

“Hi, Christian. I didn’t know you were coming back today,” she said as she went up on her toes and tried to give him a chaste kiss. They’d kissed before, but she’d never been the initiator. Not that Christian liked it any different. He liked his women demure and docile, just like Ella. Yes. They’d be perfect together. 

He pulled her in, his hands nearly going all around her tiny waist and kissed her. Leaving no doubt who was in charge and where this was going. He set her aside and clapped Alan on the shoulder, “Good to see you, mate. We’ll see you at home later, yeah?” 

Alan nodded, winked at Ella and made his way to his own car. 

“Alan, wait. I’m going with you, remember?” Ella called, hurrying after him. She didn’t get far as Christian curled his arm around her waist, and reined her in. 

“Christian can bring you home, snow-white. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

With a sigh, she turned around and smiled up at Christian, “Looks like you are stuck with dropping me home, then.” She tried to sound casual but failed miserably. If the swift flutter in the hollow of her neck was anything to go by, Christian had his answer. She was excited.

“You know better, sweetheart. Why would you go anywhere with Alan when I am in town?” He turned around and opened the passenger door, motioning for her to get in. 

“Thanks,” Ella murmured. 

Christian fired up the car and shot out of the car park. 

“You really need to control your speed, Christian. One of these days you’ll end up in the hospital,” Ella chided and earned a throaty laugh. 

He felt her eyes on him. Taking in how he’d changed in the one year he’d been away. It took everything he had to keep his eyes on the road.

“Like what you see, babe?” 

His voice had gone deeper. Would she notice? Understand the reason for it? No matter. She’d understand soon enough. When a furious blush was his only answer, he slid his hand from the gear shift to her thigh, “I’m glad. I love what this year has done to you too.”

He glanced at her, his gaze travelling the length of her slim legs until it reached her eyes. “Just tone it back with your shorts from now on. I don’t want boys gawking at your legs and butt.”

Her eyebrows came together, “I’m sorry. What are you trying to say?”

“I don’t think I could’ve been any clearer. You aren’t a little girl anymore, Ella. You know we are meant to be together, which means I’ve got to look out for you until we get married. That clear enough for you?”

Ella’s laughter bubbled out in peals until she caught his glare and realized that Christian was perfectly serious. “I don’t want to marry you, Christian. I’ve grown up around you and Alan, and I can’t think of marrying you or Alan.”

“You have a few years to get used to it. Our mothers are already planning the big wedding they’ve waited for since the day you were born.”

“I don’t know what I’ll be thinking a few years from now. But right now, I am not marrying you, or anyone else.”

“There will never be anyone else for you, Ella. It will only ever be me. How about we start trying to change your mind today?” His hand inched up the inside of her thigh, right up to the hem of her shorts. Her thigh tensed. She caught his wrist and tried to move his hand away. 

For a moment, Christian looked at her slender fingers trying to wrap around his thick wrist. Her soft green eyes were clouded with fear. She took in a deep breath when he allowed her to move his hand away from her thigh and back onto the gear stick.

He pulled off the road into the woods along the road, stopped a few hundred feet in and killed the engine. 

“What’s the matter, Ella?” He asked, his eyes spearing her. 

“It’s...um...it’s just that you and I are so...so...different. It’ll never work. Our mothers have this dream, but, I don’t think we can make it come true.”

“You don’t think. And do you think you can marry Alan?” His voice now had an edge. She squirmed in her seat. 

“No. Not Alan either.” 

He leaned over the island between their seats and wound his hand into her hair, pulling her to him.

“Why, Ella? Have you already found someone? Is that it? Are you fucking seeing someone behind my back?”

“Ow, Christian. Let go, you’re hurting me.”

He loosened his grip on her hair but didn’t let go, pulling her further toward him, instead. And then his lips crashed onto hers. Demanding surrender and settling for nothing else. Her mouth opened on a plea and his tongue invaded. His other hand covered her breast, stroking her nipple until it beaded under her bra and top. 

Satisfied, he pulled away, gently rubbing a thumb over her swollen lips. “See, you liked that, didn’t you, babe?”

She lowered her eyes. Her body certainly seemed to like the kiss and his warm hand on her breast. The confusion on her face was clear as daylight. She didn’t answer his question. 

“There. See? You’re reading too much into small things, Ella. Everything will work out, trust me.” 

He moved over the island and flicked a switch to recline the passenger seat to almost horizontal. Her green eyes locked onto his. A heady mixture of confusion and arousal swirling in their depths. 

“Do you trust me not to hurt you, baby?” He asked, his voice thick and husky.

He waited, hovering over her prone body, his eyes never leaving hers. Until she gave a slight nod. Then he was free to make her his wife long before putting a ring on her finger. 

2019 January, 3. Salt Lake City
The sharp tone of his phone pulled Christian from his memories. He whipped it out from his pocket, “Hello, Danny. Tell me you have good news.”

“I sure do, boss. I have sent you an email with the details. All you need to do is fly there and claim your woman back,” Danny chuckled at his own joke. But Christian was happy enough with the answer to join in. Not too long now, Ella.






Three


2019 January, 4. New York City
James broke into a run. He’d only planned to teach her a lesson, not invest in her. But the woman was something else entirely. It wasn’t just that she was beautiful, which she was. Very much so, in fact. But she was also interesting. She’d gone from terrified to ordering him to leave in a matter of seconds. She’d gone from aiming a pepper spray at him to turning red from embarrassment also within moments of each other. That he’d be returning back to the little coffee shop on E 79th street before the day was out was a given. 

After a quick, cold shower, James was on his desk. He’d been able to finally break into Hoover’s system late last night and download his emails. It was time he got on with the unenviable task of going through the emails today to see if anything raised a flag. Hoover was nobody’s fool and James didn’t expect much out of the exercise of trawling through his emails. But that was a downside of working alone. You had to do all your grunt work yourself! The only upside was - he was going to need that coffee sooner rather than later.

Turned out he didn’t need to trawl through the man’s email after all. They’d destroyed themselves sometime during the night. This was a new one! Exactly who did Christian Hoover have on his payroll? It wasn’t an easy feat to trigger a destruction routine based on a change in the physical location of a file. Because he was pretty sure that’s exactly what had happened. Otherwise, there was no way the outlook file would be destroyed exactly one minute after he’d stolen it. He knew he should’ve waited around for the email dump to finish downloading before hitting the bed. 

Good thing he was always up for a challenge. His first order of the day clear, he set to work. This was going to be a fun morning! Like a treasure hunt. He’d download the mail dump again and look for the bugger that destroyed it. He licked his lips, rubbed his hands together and was off tunneling into the Hoover network. The bastards had also changed the passwords up. That was, of course, a non-issue. He had the mother of all crackers sitting on his computer. Written by yours truly, it was better than the best even NSA had. Not that James was into bragging.

It took way longer than expected to pin the bloody bug down. But now he had it, he was ready to get the day’s dump at night and have a go at it. No one guarded their emails like this unless they had something to hide. Also, someone who had such extreme measures in place to protect their correspondence wouldn’t keep emails more than a day old on their local drive. So, end of day it had to be to get the dump, for yesterday’s emails were all somewhere up in the cloud. 

James cracked his knuckles to loosen the tension and got up. One thing that always got to him about his current work was the constant tethering to a computer. Unlike your usual computer nerd, he was happier outside in the open, than inside. But then, the usual computer nerd hadn’t spent weeks tied up in a cave, at the mercy of some of the most merciless men in this world. After his stint as a prisoner in Afghanistan, even the huge penthouse with more glass than brick sometimes felt claustrophobic. Add to that the fact that his work involved hours in front of a screen and it was a recipe for disaster. Which was why he needed frequent distractions. And there was one distraction which he was absolutely looking forward to. 

***

Ella patted herself on the back after she pulled the final batch of cakes out of the oven. After the harrowing start to the day, she was sure she’d run out of steam before relief arrived. Not that she’d mind a break from work! The door rattled open, followed by a familiar thump. She turned around from where she was setting up the display knowing it’d be Tilly, her overenthusiastic barista and sandwich chef. The leggy brunette was everything Ella was not. Tall, beautiful and so talkative, Ella would bet an entire month’s earnings on her making a brick wall talk.

“Hey, beautiful. Here I am!” 

Ella smiled, “Hi Tilly. You’re early today.”

“Yes. I have a class at bloody 2:30 today. So I won’t be able to stay back until Joe comes. So you need to go up early and be back down before 2:30,” Tilly complained, gathering up her rich brown curls into a big bun. Chantelle Berger was one beauty who certainly did not lack brains, for she was studying law at the New York University School of Law. Naturally, one of her biggest strengths was talking, which she was doing right now. 

“Slow down, Tilly,” Ella chuckled. “I understand. You have to go early today. So I am getting a rest starting now, until after lunch. Am I right?” 

“You are the best, sweetheart. You know that?” 

“I know.”

Ella handed the shop over to Tilly and headed upstairs. She desperately needed the break. The long soaking in a hot bath with her favorite jasmine scented salts did wonders to her aching body and she was finally ready to wrap herself in the fluffy onesie and curl up in her bed. She crossed her fingers and closed her eyes, hoping, wishing for sleep. 

2014 April. Salt Lake City
“How dare you? When I tell you to do something, you do it. What is so difficult to understand about that?” Christian yelled.

Ella flinched and stepped back until her back hit the wall. She took a deep breath, debating how to answer him. One thing was sure, he wasn’t in a shape to hear her out, let alone try and understand what she was saying. But not answering him would set him off further. She closed her eyes and decided to take the easy way out. 

“I am sorry, Christian. I should’ve listened to you.” 

“No shit, Sherlock. Call all of your bloody customers and tell them you are stopping this shit right now,” he ordered, his voice slightly lower. The vein on his forehead was still throbbing. She wasn’t in the clear just yet. 

“Can I please do it in the morning? I don’t have any of their cell numbers and the shops are all now closed,” she tried. He stalked toward her and she shrank back into the wall.

“Think I'm an idiot, do you?” His voice was lower still now, sending chills up her spine. He’d never hit her before, but right now he looked completely unhinged. She palmed the phone in her pocket, just in case. 

“Of course not,” she stalled but saw no way to avoid the discussion. She’d much rather that he was calm when they talked about this, but that didn’t seem like an option any longer. Steeling herself for the lashing, she continued, “Christian, please try and understand. Every time you’re posted out, I am all alone at home for days on end with nothing to do. I get bored. Baking keeps me busy and it’s a reason to go out and meet people who are not my family or yours.”

She looked up at him, hoping to see something, anything other than anger in his blue eyes and coming up empty. 

“So you want to meet strangers, talk to strangers. Is that it? Can’t keep your legs together when I am away? Who are you fucking behind my back?”

“Stop. I’m not. You know that,” a dead chuckle escaped her. “Besides, do you think anyone would want me in their bed knowing whose wife I am?”

“Obviously you are not as smart as everyone else in this town. You don’t fuckin’ understand the simple fact that no Hoover woman has ever done physical labor. Let alone bake cakes and feed the town. Sell them for money, no less. Like a fucking working woman, selling your wares for money!”

“You’re not being fair. What’s wrong with me creating an opportunity for myself? Did you know, last month, the Mayor’s wife asked me if I’d bake his daughter’s birthday cake. I’m good at it. And it keeps me busy. It keeps me happy. Besides, Aunty Tamara and Mom are both okay with it.” 

“Your husband isn’t okay with it. And that should be the end of discussion,” he said, jabbing a finger in her face. “This is the last time I’m telling you. Stop this stupidity right now, Ella. The consequences will not be pretty,” he declared and smashed his fist through the drywall. 

Her heart thundering in her ears, Ella closed her eyes and turned her face away, waiting for whatever was going to happen next.

Soft music floated through the blood roaring in her ears and she opened her eyes a crack. Then she blinked, opening her eyes wider. She wasn’t in Christian’s house. Slowly reality returned. She was in her little apartment on top of her shop in New York. She was safe and she could meet and talk to as many strangers as she pleased, bake as many cakes as she pleased, without having to worry about Christian losing it.

She stopped the alarm and pulled out from under the covers. She wasn’t as tired as she was when she went to sleep. She must’ve had a good sleep before the nightmare! 

Walking into the shop, she saw Tilly wiping down the tables. The lunch hour rush was over. They’d get a couple of hours of breather before the after work frenzy started up. 

“I’ll finish up with that, Tilly. You go on,” Ella said pulling out another wipe for the rest of the tables, just as a woman walked in. 

Tilly dropped her wipe in the bin and headed to the counter, “Okay, thanks, boss. I’ll help this lady and be gone.” 

With her usual efficiency, Tilly filled the woman’s order and picked up her bag, “I’ll be off now. See you tomorrow.”

“See ya,” Ella threw back, walking to the counter just as she heard a breathless, “Well, hello there,” from Tilly. 

She turned back and the smile froze on her face as the man from the morning walked in. Tilly stopped in her tracks, murmuring in Ella’s ear, “Damn! He’s hot. Maybe I can help him too.”

Ella elbowed her in the side and whispered back, “He’s not. He’s bossy and rude.”

“How do you…” 

Ella didn’t let her finish, simply pushed her to the door, “You don’t want to miss your class, Tilly. See you tomorrow.”

Sending an exaggerated puppy-eye look towards the man, Tilly said, “Well, looks like your luck is out. You’ll have to deal with the boss today. I’ll see you around another time.” She ended with a wink and sauntered out. 

“What do you want?” Ella snapped.

“And you were calling me rude!”

“I don’t attack people in their own space and then be rude to them,” Ella retorted. 

“Touché.” He laughed heartily until his grey eyes sparkled and pointed to the pulled pork Panini sandwich and said, “Can I have that toasted, please? And the mixed berry smoothie.” Ella rang up the order as he settled himself on one of the tables facing her.

She put the sandwich to toast and started putting together the berries for the smoothie, stealing glances at him every now and then. She was itching to ask him his name. It was only fair given that he already knew her name. But she couldn’t bring herself to break the silence, to open up a conversation with him. That didn’t mean she’d to stop watching him, did it? Because she couldn’t. He fascinated her. 

The way he was sitting in the chair, more like lounging, one would think he was slouching. But she could see through the facade. She’d been married to a marine for six years. The easy slouch hid muscles that were coiled to spring into action in a fraction of a second. And looking at him right now, she had no doubt he was a soldier. No matter how he tried to escape or hide that fact, by growing his hair, by growing a beard, by wearing un-ironed shirts, once a soldier, always a soldier.

The griller beeped and she arranged the sandwich and the tall tumbler of smoothie onto a tray. Walking over to place the food in front of him, she nearly dropped the whole thing in his lap when he said in a low, husky, voice, “I’m glad you had a good time looking at me.”

The tops of her ears felt hot as she jumped back to put some distance between them. “You beast!”

An uncontrolled shiver went through her at his throaty laugh. She could grow to like that laugh. It was like a warm blanket that snuggled around her and made her want things she shouldn’t want. 

“What’s your name?” she blurted out, surprising herself as much as him. 

He smiled what must be his ‘impress-a-girl-right-down-to-her-toes' smile and said, “James.”






Four


2019 January, 4. New York City
She smiled back and left him with his sandwich and smoothie. She’d known him for just a few hours and they had done nothing but argue during the time and yet she wasn’t uncomfortable being alone with him in the shop. Maybe it was because although he’d been a prick in the morning, it’d had a good outcome. She was never going to be caught out like that again.

‘James’. Ella tried the name out in her mind and stole another quick glance at him. It suited him. He did look like a ‘James’. She’d bet he was Scottish. He’d look right at home in a kilt. She wiped down the top of the display cabinet, the work counter, even the POS machine, and set about going through her menu for tomorrow. 

He was clearly enjoying his food. She’d caught his low groan at the first bite and given in to a proud smile. Pulled pork was her specialty and there’d never be enough proof that it was amazingly great! Ella went back to her menu for the third time. She seemed to be forgetting what she’d read every time she stole a look at James. 

His hair skimmed the top of his broad shoulders and had a gentle, almost feminine curl to it. The weak afternoon sun that streamed into her little shop made his hair, even those of his neatly clipped beard, look like spun gold. She closed her fingers into a fist, to stop wanting to go over and run them through his hair. See if it was as silky as it looked. She knew his eyes were a shade of grey she’d never seen. She’d seen them in the morning, when they’d been burning with fury. She hadn’t noticed the glasses then. But he carried them well. With a long sigh, Ella clicked her tablet closed. It was no use reading words that made no sense at all. Maybe she needed to rework her menu! 

James took the first bite of his sandwich and the shop around him dissolved. He was back in Scotland, in his nana's house in the little village near Aberdeen. He took a couple more bites to soak in the taste and the memories and was back in the little coffee shop in NYC. If this woman was responsible for the pork, he’d happily marry her and worry about getting along later. It was anyway easier to get along on a full stomach! 

He felt her eyes on him like the caress of a feather. Then cringed at his own cheesy description. The woman was doing something to him and damned if he didn’t want to find out where it could lead. Maybe it was time to put her out of her misery. He called out, “Ella.”

Her eyes flicked to his, “Yes?”

“Will you have a coffee with me? I’ll take a Red Eye.”

She’d be a shitty poker player, for James could read her face like a large print open book. Surprise, doubt, longing and denial floated across her beautiful face as she made his Red Eye. It wasn’t until she’d placed his coffee mug on the counter and picked up another mug to make her own drink that he saw her capitulation. He was growing hard just looking at her work. Seeing a woman cook stirred something base, something visceral in him. He could never point a finger on why. It was just the potent mixture of grace, love, and in this case, sensuality that drove all other thoughts from his mind. 

Thick, strong chocolatey fragrance wafted through the shop. So, a hot chocolate girl. Somehow, he wasn’t surprised. He sat up a little straighter in the chair, opening up space around the small, round table. She set the two drinks on the table and sat down with her hands clasped in her lap. James almost laughed out loud at the old-style ‘prim and proper’ pose she’d struck. 

He picked up his coffee, “Thank you, for the food and for joining me here.” He leaned back in his chair, acutely aware of how his body was dominating the small setting and waiting for her to say her piece. For clearly, she was gearing up to say something. He could almost see the wheels turning in her brain, words being put together, then re-arranged. 

“What are you playing at, James?”

James raised an eyebrow. Straight to the point. He liked that. For a long moment, he didn’t say a thing. She held her ground, and her eye contact. The more he saw of her, the more he was convinced he wanted to know more about her. A straight answer would further his plan by miles. 

“This morning, I saw the lights on in your shop and you working. I stood outside looking in for a long time and you didn’t have a clue. This lack of awareness of your surroundings could get you killed.” 

She opened her mouth to interrupt him, but he held his hand up and she closed her mouth. 

“Then, you let me, a perfect stranger who has a foot and a hundred pounds of muscle on you, into the shop. Now. I could’ve come in and told you nicely how stupid that move was. But I doubt it would’ve been the first time you were told about this thing.” 

He saw her deflate visibly and continued, “Have I made my point clear?”

“Yes. Crystal.”

“Good. What do you plan on doing to correct this?”

Her eyes narrowed at this. Carefully, as if it was the most important piece of china in the world, she placed her mug back on the table. Gaining some time for herself to decide how to respond to something that had certainly raised her temper. 

“I,” she began slowly, “am going to learn self-defense,” she completed, emphasizing each and every word. 

Had he not been trained within an inch of his life to react to unexpected situations, he’d have fallen off his chair at the next few words that poured out of his mouth, “I can teach you some good moves.”

She clearly had not had his sort of training for she choked on her drink until her face turned beet red and tears streamed down her cheeks. James was up from his chair and behind her in an instant, gently rubbing her back. 

He only walked back to his seat after she’d settled down again and said, “So...what was it? Surprise or horror?” 

Ella thought for a bit, and then her green eyes lit up. James felt ridiculously good about himself for making her smile. For bringing that mischievous look on her face. 

“Horror, of course. I’ve had more than enough of you already. I can’t even imagine spending more time with you,” she said, trying to hold her giggle in. 

***

James didn’t bother to hold anything in and once again let his deep, rumbly laughter out. His grey eyes were a mesmerizing mix of grey, blue and green when he was smiling. She could look on forever.

“I’ll take that as a yes. What time do you close up?”

Ella took a long sip of her hot chocolate and wrapped her hands around the mug. Looking forward to seeing the smug smirk slide off his face, she said, “No. That was a no. I can find one of the tons of classes around here, thank you.”

Oh! How the mighty fall...and how the weak love looking on! His lips contracted from the wide smile into a thin, straight line and his jaw clicked. But he recovered very well, and very graciously, Ella had to accept grudgingly, for he gave an exaggerated applause and said, “Well played.” 

Their conversation was interrupted when a family of four trooped in, crowding the small shop. The two little boys pressed their noses to the display and got busy picking the best, most unhealthy, sweetest treat on display. 

Ella smiled at the boys and walked around to the inside of the counter, “Hi!”

In a distinct Aussie twang, the mum declared, “Can I have a Long Black, please?” while the dad added, “And a Flat White for me, thanks.”

“What’s your name?” A small voice rose up just as a pair of big brown eyes raised themselves over from the other side of the counter. 

“Hey, little guy. I’m Ella.”

“Hi Ella. What’s the orange muffin?”

“That’s Orange and poppy seed. Do you want to try a little bit?”

The boy wrinkled his nose and shook his head, “Can I please have the double choc-chip muffin?”

Ella helped the family with their order and sent the boys off happy by handing them a couple of lollies to boot, but didn’t make it back to James’ table. Her smile stayed in place long after the family had left, no doubt on to the next attraction on their list. James drained the last of his coffee, and walked up to the counter.

“You didn’t tell me what time you close up?” 

“You don’t need to know since you won’t be seeing me again.”

“Okay. How about dinner on Friday night?” James insisted.

“How about no?” Ella retorted and went back to the Thursday menu on her tab. Hopefully he’d get the message and leave. She was through with overbearing, bossy, cocky men who expected women to fall in line with whatever they said. Well, guess what, she was so not onboard with that any more. ‘Once bitten, twice shy,’ and all of that!

The soft snick of the door told her that he’d got the message.






Five


2019 January, 7. New York City
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” James balled up the sandwich wrapper and threw it in the bin along the wall. Three straight days, three eyeball-breaking straight days of trawling through the emails of Hoover and nothing. Not one mention of South Sudan, or any country in Africa, for that matter. What was the bastard playing at?

The only positive in the last three miserable days was that he’d finally broken through Amelio Sanchez’s security and stolen his data. Once inside the fortress, it’d been remarkably easy to steal practically everything off the network. It’d also been a huge help because Amelio had been whining about missing out on the Somali deal. James could confidently take him off the list of suspects. The list was growing smaller by the day and James hadn’t found anything to indicate whether Hoover should be on it or off it. And it was driving him crazy. 

He eyed the time on his computer screen. 04:10. He’d been up for more than an hour and had a coffee and finished the rest of last night’s sandwich in that time. Neither was doing anything to help him go back to bed. His mother’s face popped into his mind. Oh boy! She’d have so much to say about the way he was leading his life, she’d need days to get it all out. And she’d conveniently forget all the hours he put in at the gym. 

That made him jump up from where he was slouched on the chair and pull his joggers on. Yes. A long jog might help; in more ways than one. After days of debating whether or not to go back to the little coffee-shop, his feet had found the perfect excuse to make their way to it. 

He’d be lying if he said that he wasn’t sure he’d find her in the shop again at this time, or on this day. He’d tapped into the feed of the street cam which luckily happened to be just opposite her shop and knew from the last three days of footage that she started work pretty much precisely at four every morning. 

He hadn’t seen her open the front door, ever, so assumed that she had a second entrance somewhere. His fingers had itched to burrow into her background. It wouldn’t have been hard at all. He could’ve started with the shop. Find out who rents it and on from there!

He went up to the shop and knocked. Ella looked up but that’s it. James waved and mouthed, “Hey!”

No joy. She simply waved back and stayed put behind her work counter. Not what he’d expected at all. The woman truly didn’t want to have anything to do with him. He’d given her three whole days after she refused his offer to help her with some self-defense moves. Surely, three days were enough for her to get over everything and move on? He’d explained why he jumped her the way he did, didn’t he? And she’d looked interested enough that morning when he had lunch there. 

James waited for a bit and all he received was another look and a sickly sweet smile. He’d have enjoyed the smile had he been in the shop with her, Goddammit! She’d better be ready and prepared now that she’d thrown down the gauntlet. Because James wasn’t a quitter and he had more ways of infiltrating enemy camp than she had cupcake recipes.

Hands stuffed into his pockets, he wandered off, no longer in the mood for a light jog. He needed to pound the frustration out and for that, he needed the trusty old boxing bag in his gym. He also needed to come up with a plan to get Ella to talk to him. 

In his frenzy to beat the shit out of the punching bag, he almost didn’t hear the secure phone ring. There were only a handful of people who knew this number. Wiping the sweat off his face, he picked up the phone, “Sir.”

Gen. Brendon Jacobs, Commander - US Africa Command, was not a man who called just to say hello. “James. Are you any closer?” Actually, he didn’t even say hello. 

“Sir, we can safely rule out Sanchez.” Army or corporate boardroom, always start on a positive note when reporting status to a superior. 

“That’s good. Chatter is growing louder here. The rebels are getting high and excited. However, that is not the reason I am calling you.” 

James picked up the bottle of water he’d set down near him and glugged down half of it as he waited for the general to speak. 

“The POTUS has decided on a surprise tour of this region in four weeks. To rally the troops according to the suits at White House. That means your timetable just changed. You have three weeks or less. Liaise with General Gordon from here on.”

The pause after that told James that the conversation was nearly over, “Roger that, Sir.”

“Good luck, son,” and the line was dead. James stuffed the phone into his pockets and headed for a shower. It was barely nine in the morning, and it already felt like he’d had a full day. His mind did a full circle and came back to Ella. The woman had sent his plans in a tailspin. He wasn’t used to being flat out rejected. But then neither did he go around attacking women before asking them out. It didn’t help that Hoover was coming across clean as a whistle. Yeah, right, and he was Cinderella!

Restless, he paced about his study, his eyes drawn to the street below every now and then. The quiet, dark street in the morning was now unrecognizable in the peak hour rush. It was one of the infernal dripping wet days that the New York winter seemed to throw up every other day. The gently bobbing carpet of colorful umbrellas looked more like a strip of spring flowers swaying in the wind without all the noise that went with it. 

He thrust his fingers through his hair and stalked back to the secure phone. It was time to change up the game plan.

“Hello, Sir. James O’Connor.” Although he’d never worked for General Gordon, you couldn’t spend ten years in the Army and not hear of him. The man was practically a legend for his leadership during the second Gulf War. 

“James. I take it you’ve talked to Bluey.” It wasn’t a question. And he was referring to General Jacobs. Must’ve got the nickname for his red hair, James mused. 

“Yes, Sir. I have.”

“Fill me in, then.”

James quickly brought the general up to date with where he was at, which he realized wasn’t anywhere much. Now the goalpost had changed and he was more and more convinced he may need a team to actually physically go in. He paused for the general to digest everything before coming to the next point. But the old codger beat him to it.

“I assume that means we need to send in a team to snoop around?”

“Yes, sir. I think that’d be the best. Especially given the change of plans,” James agreed. 

“Okay. Send me whatever you can get within the next 48 hours, and we’ll take it from there.”

“Roger that, Sir.”

Without any fanfare, the phone call ended. This was highly irregular, mounting a stealth mission like this within days. Normally, the team would get surveillance reports on activity for days before the D-Day. James had under two days to get as much information to the guys as he could. 

He picked up an apple from the fruit bowl on his way to the den. The blasted woman was messing with his head. He had totally not expected her to dismiss him so summarily. He’d planned to schedule a date and set the ball rolling to get her out of his system, not come back with nothing but a boner. He needed his full attention on this task. The team depended a hundred percent on the information he provided. They didn’t have time for anything else!

He took a bite of his apple and cracked his knuckles, ready to set some surveillance up. Thanks to the fact that he often worked with the FBI, he had pretty much complete access to their systems. Tapping into the web of security cameras near and inside the Hoover Tower in Salt Lake City, James set up a feed loop, saving it all up on one of his huge disks. He’d trawl through it at the end of the day and start putting the man’s schedule together, along with that of the physical security in and around the building. This was the easy part, though. The tough bit would be home security which would be off-limits to the FBI grid. But where there was a server, there was a way to get into it!

His stomach groaned loudly and James flicked the switch to open up the blinds. The sun had just gone down, leaving behind its red afterglow. He locked his computer, finally happy with the day’s work. Time for a bite now. And just like that, a pair of emerald eyes sitting on top of a small, slightly upturned nose, all nestled in a heart-shaped face floated into his head.

Cursing under his breath, he put on a fresh white tee on top of his trusty blue jeans and grabbing a jacket from the back of the couch, stepped out. It didn’t surprise him when a few moments later he found himself in front of the hole in the wall coffee shop. The phone buzzed. Let it be the guys, James willed as he fished it out of his pocket.

“Where are you guys, Buzz?” James said by way of hello. Sean ‘Buzz’ Aldrin was one of the two teammates who’d got out at the same time as him. With the last name Aldrin, he’d become ‘Buzz’ for the company within moments of arriving at the Q course, formally known as the United States Army Special Forces Qualification Course. The team medic was also the team clown and somehow had come through the two tours that they’d done together in the best shape among all three.

“At the Magic Room. Just like we’d agreed. You getting here any time soon?” For the millionth time, James was glad to have shelled out the obnoxious amount of money to buy the property on E76th. Everything that was worth talking about, or being seen at, was practically round the corner. But he was in no mood to trudge through the sludge left behind by the day’s rain and snow. It was time to take his little Tesla for a ride.

“Yep. Five mikes out.”

“Roger.” And the phone was back in James’ pocket. 

A night out with the gang may just be the thing to drive the pesky woman out of his head. And after tonight, he would forget all about her and go back to normal. After all, he wasn’t into pursuing unwilling women. What about persuading a woman? The thought slipped into his head without permission.

***

Ella flipped the ancient sign to ‘Closed’ and leaned back against the door. It had been a brutal evening. In more ways than one. The weather was a bitch and drove people in the search for a warm drink by the hundreds. The cash register was no doubt giddy at the moment, but Ella and Joe were well and truly zonked out. 

“Finally!” Joe huffed as he upended the last of the chairs on the table with more force than necessary. The furniture was put away for the night and the shop floor was mopped. “I don’t know why you insist on putting away the furniture for three hours every night. You are going to be in here at midnight anyway!” He grumbled his every-day complaint. 

“To make sure the entire floor is properly cleaned before we close up,” Ella gave her every-day answer fighting to keep a straight face. It’d become a closing-up ritual for the two. Joe had been working for Ella for almost two years and pretty much every day of the two years, since day one, he’d not agreed with packing up the furniture for the small detail of cleaning under it.

Ella didn’t see it, but could feel Joe’s eyes rolling at her usual answer.

“Go on now. Get ready. We’ve got to be there by six,” he ordered. 

Ella glared at him, but threw the disinfectant wipe into the trash and took off for her apartment two steps at a time. Joe would finish up and get ready in the tiny restroom attached to the shop. It was a miracle he could move his large frame about enough to change! But he was as bull-headed as he was a genius, and she’d long stopped asking him to change in her apartment.

After a quick shower, she slipped into the deep red merino pencil dress she’d picked up for the occasion. She peeked at her phone for the time. 5:30. Ten minutes to finish up, which meant her hair would be a messy bun, not the blow dried waves she wanted. Well, the day wasn’t about her and she was more than happy to be forgettable. In fact, she’d prefer to be obscure!

Downstairs in the shop, she found Joe leaning against the counter, busy with his phone. She cleared her throat, “I thought the stock market was closed now?”

“The rest of the world will be waking up soon. Gotta be on it, love!” He flashed his megawatt smile and offered the crook of his arm for her take. 

“Seriously, Joe,” Ella laughed, but took his arm and they were on their way. 

“You sure about the dress, love? It’s cold outside,” he stated the obvious, eyeing her legs that were bare from just under her knee. 

She took a deep, fortifying breath, “It’s only a ten minute walk. I’ll be okay.” She wouldn’t really, but she also wouldn’t get frostbite in the short time. 

Joe’s eyes narrowed on her heels, “That’d be pushing it, I’d say.” He picked her hand up from where it was resting on his arm and stepped back to get a better look at the thin sticks masquerading as heels and holding her up. “You do know it rained outside today?” His voice rose a little. 

The slim heels were going to be impossible to walk in on the slippery sidewalks. But there was nothing for it. These went with the dress and she’d go with them. “Well, I didn’t plan for this weather,” she grumbled.

“Then do you want to change your shoes?”

“No! These go best with the dress.” Her chin was out and her lips were set in a firm line. He wasn’t going to get anywhere with that argument. 

Joe muttered something that couldn’t be very flattering to her, or the collective womankind, jabbed some buttons on his phone and proceeded to state the address of the shop and that of Bemelmans. 

She looked out at the sidewalk and grudgingly agreed a cab was the only real option.






Six


2019 January, 7. New York City
Ella grabbed Joe’s arm as she stepped out of the cab and her heel slipped in the brown, icy muck covering the sidewalk. The devilish smirk on Joe’s face stayed in place, but he swallowed whatever smart-arsey comment he was about to spout when Ella glared at him. Instead, he got busy paying the cabbie. She’d long given up on trying to pick up the tab when she was with him. His archaic sense of chivalry wouldn’t allow him to ‘let the girl pay’. Tilly and Ella had managed to force him to share the expense when all three of them went out, but when he was with just one of the girls, he always paid. 

Bemelmans was nothing if not ultra-professional. A birthday booking meant their table was decorated with balloons along with a giant, pink teddy sitting at the place of honor as requested. Now all they had to do was wait for the birthday girl to show up and hope her parents turned up before her. 

Arthur and Jolene Berger were the quintessential hippie artists. They’d traveled around the world in their youth, taking their daughter on a grand adventure that lasted pretty much all her life. Settling down in New Orleans with their own bar to run had been the perfect way to end their travels. 

“There you are, mon Cherie!” The bass voice reverberated through the thin, early crowd long before Arthur’s beaming face came into view. He pulled Ella into his big arms and placed a gentle kiss on each of her cheeks. The round of greetings that went around after that wouldn’t have been out of place in the heart of France. With their Creole background, Arthur and Jolene even had the accent to go with it. 

“Oh, Maman! Papa!” The excited squeal declared the arrival of the guest of honor. And did she look the part! In a glittering black tube dress with sky high heels, Chantelle was clearly the belle of the ball! More kissing and hugging ensued before she turned on Ella and Joe. 

“You two! You didn’t tell me!” She screamed, beaming.

“That was the idea, Tilly,” Joe deadpanned.

A few drinks and a little bit of food later, Arthur declared, “We need to be dancing!” And with that, he was out of his chair, offering his wife a hand. Ella hurried, “No. Mr. Berger...”

“Ella, it's Arthur, please. And you look worried.”

“Er...yes...Arthur, this bar doesn’t really allow dancing...”

Once more she was interrupted when Arthur bellowed, “What?! They play such beautiful music and no dancing?”

Ella sagged in relief when she saw Tilly rush to her father, “Shh...Papa. We’ll go to another place. It’s much better for dancing.”

Arthur seemed skeptical, “Do they have live music too?”

“Yep. And also an amazing DJ to fill in.” Then, without giving her dad a chance to say anything, she turned to Ella and Joe, “What do you say, guys? How about we hit the Magic Room?”

“I was starting to think I’d end the evening here, stuck with you two, and no chance of...” Joe trailed off, winking at the girls. 

“That’s a great idea, Tilly. But I think I’ll wish you a good night here and...”

Ella glared at Chantelle when she cut her off again, “Oh come on, please don’t do this. It’s Saturday tomorrow. You can sleep-in.” 

Ella looked around at the faces who’d become like family for her over the last couple of years, including Chantelle’s parents even though they were hours away in New Orleans. It didn’t take long for her to cave, “You’re right. Let’s go!”

Joe already had his cell phone out, calling cabs.

***

For a Friday night, the day was still young when James walked into the Magic Room on 8th Ave. The music was on full swing and the dance floor was by no means empty. He blinked a few times to adjust to the darkness and the rhythmic sweep of strobes of light. It wasn’t hard to spot his friends on the only table that was occupied.

“So, what’s up?” he asked as he settled himself into the plush, velvet chair and poured himself a beer from the pitcher.

“Nothing much, man. Mom’s here until Sunday,” Buzz complained.

“Hey Koopa, you missed his mom’s roast this time. And she’d made gooey chocolate things. Divine, man, simply divine,” Legend put in. Thanks to his tortoiseshell glasses, James had earned himself the nickname Koopa after the turtle in Mario on day one at the Q course. William ‘Legend’ Smith had also chosen to get back on the block along with James and Buzz. After two years out of the service, Buzz and Legend had several lucrative security contracts under their belt, most of them thanks to their contacts in the military.

“She was asking about you,” Buzz informed James. Buzz’s parents lived in Fayetteville and their home had become the ‘home’ for the three months during the Q course and after when they were based at Fort Bragg.

“Tell her I said hi and will try to come see her tomorrow,” James said and turned to William, “How’s Cathy?”

To anyone else watching, he would’ve seemed indifferent. But his friends knew of his tiny give which all the years in the Special Forces hadn’t been able to remove. It gave away his frustration.

William’s lips thinned until a tiny dimple appeared on each side of his mouth as he declared, “We broke up.”

The other two had a hearty laugh at their friend’s expense before James grew serious, “Give her a break, man. She’s a keeper, you know that, right?”

“Of course I know that. Why do you think I haven’t walked away for good,” he snapped.

“But the woman simply doesn’t listen and does her own thing. Most of the time,” Buzz supplied.

William spread his arms out, palms up, “Precisely.”

He and Cathy had been on-again / off-again for over two years; since pretty much the day he and Buzz had opened up their NYC office. They’d known each other for years before that; Cathy being William’s little sister’s best friend.

“Just remember she is not a Joe trained to follow orders,” James warned. 

And on it went from there, until Buzz interrupted with a low whistle, “Finally.”

His friends didn’t need to look to know the reason for that comment, but they looked anyway and the first thing out of James’ mouth was, “Stay away from the short one.” 

Ella looked stunning in the deep red dress. She’d put her hair up in some sort of a do that left stray tendrils caressing along her delicate neck and made James’ dick sit up and take notice. Every time he’d seen her, she’d been in her work clothes. And they did a great job of hiding her killer figure.

Two sets of eyes immediately zeroed in on the short one of the two girls who’d just walked in. 

“Don’t worry, Koopa. I am shooting for the brunette,” Legend said.

Buzz narrowed his eyes, “Wait a minute. I’ve seen that one.”

“Who?”

“Your one,” Buzz said. 

“She works at a cafe near me,” James informed them. The two pairs of eyes surveying the eye candy swung to him. He ignored them. 

“No. Not here, not now,” Buzz said, his eyes moving back to Ella.

James snapped his fingers in front of Buzz, “Where?”

“Let me think, man. Maybe I’ll go talk to her.” 

James saw her blink a few times, adjusting to the lighting, as she looked up at the man next to her. His gaze zeroed in on her arm which was linked with the man’s. She looked totally engaged in whatever he was saying and James looked away when she laughed and looked at the tall brunette next to her. Even in the dim lights, he could see her emerald eyes sparkle. They’d sparkled at him too, but it’d been more a glitter, of fear or fury. She’d never smiled up at him with joy like she was doing now. He wanted to kick himself for assuming she was unattached!

He hadn’t realized Buzz had got up until he saw her stiffen and actually nudge closer to the man she was with. In the music and the din of conversation, James couldn’t hear a thing that was being said, but whatever it was Buzz said was clearly upsetting her.

She let go of the boyfriend’s arm, but her face had blanched so much, Boyfriend placed a supporting hand at the small of her back. 

“What the hell is Buzz saying to her? She looks like she’s seen a ghost,” Legend gave voice to James’ thoughts. 

“How do you know her, Koopa?”

James wasn’t listening to his friend. His fingers crushing the velvet of the chair as he strained to stay where he was. He saw an older couple walk up to Ella and her friend. Without bothering to question the sudden, unreasonably strong urge to protect her, James strode to the group.

They were quick in assessing the situation and by the time James made it to the group, the older man had placed himself next to Ella and was glowering at Buzz, who looked like he’d just been given the death sentence and didn’t even know why.

“What’s going on here?” The two new additions to the group chorused. 

“I don’t know, man! I just asked her if she was at MIT and she seemed ready to hurl,” Buzz complained. 

“You?!” If not for the music in the bar, the united screech from the two girls would have brought the NYPD or the FDNY down on them in minutes.

“Jesus Christ, will you keep it down?” James asked the two girls politely.

“Do you know him?” Boyfriend took a threatening step forward, pushing Ella behind him in the process.

The older man put a calming hand on the boyfriend’s shoulder and squeezed gently, “Everyone. If you don’t calm down this minute, we will have to take this outside. I will not have us thrown out on my daughter’s birthday,” he declared.

James’ eyes snapped to the brunette in the slinky black dress as he forwarded his winning smile. He need not have bothered. Buzz was on it with his own megawatt smile and a smooth, “Well, well. Happy Birthday to you!” The way the brunette bristled told James that Buzz had also given her a good, long, lookover. 

“Arthur Berger,” Dad said by way of introduction and extended his hand towards Buzz.

Buzz shook his hand. “Sean Aldrin. And the girls seem to know James already,” he said, narrowing his eyes at James.

James shook the older man’s hand and moved on to Ella’s boyfriend, “James O’Connor.”

Boyfriend’s handshake was far stronger than necessary. James could respect that. At least the man wasn’t a complete loser. That still didn’t mean he deserved Ella. Or could keep her. The ever present horned guy on James’ shoulder suggested. James was in total agreement with him. 

“Joe Snipes.” So, that was the boyfriend’s name! James gave him a thorough once over. The man was as tall as him, though not as bulky. But from his firm grip, he clearly worked out.

“Looks like the fire’s almost out. William Smith,” Legend extended his hand to Boyfriend, breaking the glaring contest between the two men. Obviously, no one had heard him walk up to the group. 

“Happy birthday…” James trailed off, fishing for the girl’s name.

“Chantelle,” she supplied in a tone so frosty, James was tempted to see if icicles were forming on the dark ceiling of the club. 

“Mind if we join you in celebrating your birthday?” James took the opportunity to insert himself into the party. He wasn’t ready to give up on Ella just yet. Without waiting for an answer, he stalked off to talk to the manager for a bigger table. To say he was shocked when Boyfriend fell in step beside him would’ve been an understatement. 

“How do you know Ella and Tilly?” The man obviously didn’t believe in mincing words. 

“You do realize hundreds of men must know your girlfriend? She runs a cafe in the busiest part of the city, is a damn good cook, and is shit hot.” 

He’d thrown the last bit in purposely to goad the man. Because what sort of idiot let his girlfriend be in the shop all alone in the middle of the night! And was once again shocked when Boyfriend didn’t take the bait but simply frowned. 

The reason for the frown came out immediately, “Tilly isn’t my girlfriend.”

James slowed down to digest that bit of omission.

“I wasn’t talking about Tilly,” he snapped. 

“You thought Ella was my girlfriend?” The boyfriend sounded so incredulous, James didn’t know whether to be offended or relieved on Ella’s behalf. However, now that the coast was truly clear - let the party begin!

“Wait up. I didn’t say you could join us. This is my party, not an open door,” Tilly caught up with the men, with Ella following close behind. 

James desperately searched for a way to placate the woman, but Buzz had killed any chances of that. And he drew the line at begging. 

“Oh, well. If you want to keep the party small…” he shrugged and left the sentence hanging, but no joy.






Seven


2019 January, 7. New York City
“What exactly did you say to her, Buzz?” James asked as soon as they were out of the club. There was no way they were staying in after the crazy episode. 

“I really have no idea what spooked her, man. All I asked her was if she’d studied at MIT, and that’s it,” Buzz explained as he waved off the valet approaching them for their keys to retrieve their cars.

“What were her exact words?” Legend asked, ever the keen one when it came to words and body language. He was the interrogation expert after all.

Buzz stuffed his hands deeper into his pockets as he thought about what Legend was actually asking, and replied, “Her exact words were, ‘why’. That’s it. Just the one word. It was her reaction that really shocked me. She went all stiff like and grabbed on to Joe’s arm as if her legs were going to give out.”

“She’s hiding something. More like hiding from someone,” Legend declared. “What do you know about her, Koopa?” 

“I don’t know zilch. I met her this Monday. I told you how. After that, I went to talk to her, ask her out on Wednesday and she kicked me out.” 

“And you haven’t dug into her at all?” Legend asked. 

“No. I don’t go around digging into people’s lives for the fun of it,” Koopa defended. 

“Well this one will turn up something interesting if you did,” Legend said. 

“She’s hot, but sounds like too much trouble, if you ask me. You’d better be sure you want to deal with all the baggage,” Buzz suggested. 

“Well I am not asking you,” James snapped. 

“This evening’s gone to the dogs as far as I am concerned. I am going to head home. See you next week, Koopa.” Legend declared.

“And I am going to go home to Mom like a good boy,” Buzz groaned before handing the valet his keys.

***

“Are you alright, honey?” Jolene put her arm around Ella’s shoulder and gave a gentle squeeze.

“Yes. I was just shocked.”

“Did you know the guy?” Tilly put in.

“No. I didn’t. That’s why I was surprised when he just walked over and started asking me questions,” Ella admitted. 

“Did you go to MIT?” Joe asked. 

“Let’s leave her alone and get back to the party, shall we?” Arthur tried to divert their attention. But the party had been interrupted and no one, not even the birthday girl, seemed to want to get it back on track. 

Ella closed her eyes, praying for a way out. She knew they were her friends and truly had nothing to do with her past. And yet she couldn’t shake off the suspicion. She could feel the three sets of eyes on her. 

“No. I didn’t study at MIT. I went there once with my dad, in my junior year,” she lied. Well, not exactly a lie. She had been to MIT just the once. Only, it hadn’t been with her dad. It’d been with Christian. Any number of people would’ve seen her there. It had to be a simple coincidence that one of those random people turned up here tonight with James.

“Wow! That’s soo romantic. Do you think he might have seen you then and remembered you?” Tilly was practically breathless with excitement. “I wish it happened to me...” her voice took on a dreamy lilt.

“It’s creepy, that’s what it is,” Joe snapped.

“Is not. He didn’t look creepy at all,” Tilly countered. 

Ella couldn’t have asked for a better distraction. This would go on forever. Joe was worse than a meddling big brother when it came to Tilly and even Ella, although she was a good five years older than him. The party was definitely on track!

2012 August. Salt Lake City
“It’s an awesome party, don’t you think, Christian?” Ella sighed as she linked her arm with Christian’s and they ventured away from the clearing where the party was on in full swing.

“I’m glad you are having a good time, babe.” His heavy hand landed on her neck and his thumb caressed behind her ear, sending goosebumps along her skin. His deep voice turned gravelly, sending delicious shivers down to her toes. 

“I’ll miss you when you are away,” Ella said, breathless. 

“Hmm,” Christian grunted just before he forced her forward and crashed his lips on top of hers. With a sigh, she opened up to him, accepting his invasion. 

“Christian, let’s get home first,” she tried when they both came up for air.

The world around her tilted and she found herself falling backward on the colorful carpet of fall leaves. She looked up into his eyes as he moved over her, settling himself on her thighs, a knee on either side of her. Fascinated, she looked on as his huge hands gently lifted the hem of her dress. She felt his warm hands slide along her sides until his thumbs bumped the underside of her heavy breasts. 

“Arms up, baby,” he ordered and with a tentative smile she complied.

He leaned in, wrapping warm lips over her throbbing nipple, while he whipped her dress over her body, hiding her face and keeping her arms trapped.

Ella arched into him, trying to free her arms from the dress. She needed to touch him. A helpless moan slipped free when her arms stayed twined in the dress and Christian warned her with a sharp squeeze of his thighs around her hips. 

“At least let me see you?” Ella pleaded. 

He pulled the dress down from over her face and tucked it under her chin, still keeping her arms tied. She opened her eyes in time to see his self-satisfied grin before he moved on to her other breast. His fingers were rooted in her hair, keeping her still. She bucked up but didn’t go far under the weight of his large body.

“Christian,” she let out the breath that refused to get into her lungs, making her feel dizzy. 

He nudged the dress away from her neck and his wicked mouth moved to the crook of her neck in all readiness to give her a new hickey in place of the old one that hadn’t faded out completely yet. 

“Christian, stop,” Ella giggled. “If you keep doing this, I will never be able to wear anything other than my turtlenecks!”

His head snapped up, “You don’t like wearing my hickey?” His eyes narrowed on her neck where she had covered up the last one. 

She smiled, “I do...but the color doesn’t always match my dress!”

His body vibrated around her as he laughed. 

A soft crunch of fallen leaves reached her ears and Ella hissed, “Sshhh...I think someone’s coming. Oh my God!” She frantically tried to push him off of her, but he wouldn’t budge. 

“So? You’re my wife,” he stated as if that explained everything. 

“No. Please, Christian. I’ll feel so weird when we go back to the party, knowing they might have seen us like this.”

Her eyes snapped to his the moment she felt his body stiffen. In the one short month since their wedding, she’d learned to look for the change in his eyes. They went from baby blue to ice blue faster than his anger took over. 

“You weren’t shy about strutting around and laughing with my buddies at the party,” he snarled.

Ella desperately hoped she’d learn what triggered his temper soon. He was downright ugly and scary when he lost it and he was getting there now. 

“Christian, honey. I just don’t want them to see me naked. I know...” she choked on the rest when, like a whip, his hand clamped around her throat. 

Ella’s hands beat at his chest as she tried in vain to speak. 

“You know nothing!” Christian practically roared. “You were happy letting them see you in your skimpy dress and when your husband wants to fuck, you are shy? You slut!” His fingers flexed around her throat until tears streamed down the side of her face and darkness blanketed her. 

2019 January, 8. New York City
She kicked out, desperately trying to throw him off her and sucked in a huge breath. She blinked, trying to chase the rest of the darkness away and her eyes focused on the painting she’d bought at a thrift store on Long Island. Christian would never have allowed her to hang it in their home. A no-name artist didn’t deserve wall-space in the Hoover household. 

She took in a few deep breaths and sat up in bed. These nightmares were never going to let her go. It’d been two years since she’d seen Christian and yet she couldn’t feel safe. The clock face glowed a happy ‘4:05’. Sometimes she absolutely hated the smiley face next to the numbers on the clock-face!

“Damn the man!” she muttered as she stuffed her feet into her fluffy slippers and headed off to brush her teeth. She could still feel her heart thundering in her ears. There was no way she was falling back asleep. She might as well go down into the shop and make herself useful. She’d get her sleep in the afternoon just like every day. 

As usual, she forgot about the world around her as soon as she got baking. That is, until there was a sharp knock on the door. She didn’t need to look up to see who it was. She knew. No one else ever bothered her at this time of the day. Hell, most were actually sleeping like normal humans at this time of the day! 

If she didn’t look up for long enough, he was sure to take the hint and go away. True to her plan, she didn’t look up, even if it killed her, when he knocked a few more times. She dared to look up when it’d been quiet for long enough, and drew in a deep breath of relief when the doorway was empty. She went back to the restorative beating of her batter.

Ella dropped her spoon at the whir of the back door. Scrambling for a weapon. She picked up the spatula on the bench and ran around to the other side of the bench. A slab of wood between the intruder and herself was better than none!

She saw the door roll upwards and a couple of legs covered in track pants came into view. She shifted her weight from one leg to the other and adjusted her grip on the spatula, all the while trying to remember if she’d forgotten to lock the door that opened into the parking. She could’ve sworn she had locked it. 

She held her breath and waited for the intruder to come in. For a moment she had this heroic idea of advancing with her weapon and swiping the man’s legs from under him. Then a drop of batter from the spatula plopped on the floor and Ella realized the best bet would be to make a run for it. She whirled around to do just that.

“Ella. Stop. I just want to talk to you.”

In that instant, her fear turned into fury and she turned around to glare at James. 

“Why you...you...thief…” she spluttered, searching for the right words and finding none. 

He put his hands up and her eyes zeroed in on the tiny pin he still had pinched in his fingers. 

“The back door was locked, wasn’t it? You broke in with that pin!” 

He winced and nodded, “You weren’t letting me in and I had to talk to you. I am sorry I scared you.”

“You’d stop scaring me if you were really sorry! Why don’t you just leave me alone?”

He didn’t say anything to that. Just stood there in her shop, making it feel claustrophobic.

She let out a long sigh, “You aren’t going to go, are you?”

James shook his head. 

Resigned, she jerked her head, pointing to the stacked up furniture, “Make yourself comfortable and say what you need to say.”

She picked up a rag and cleaned up the batter on the floor before going back to her bench. He didn’t say a thing until he’d set out all the tables and chairs and settled himself at one. 

She threw another glare his way. Luckily he got the hint and started talking, “Look, I just wanted to tell you Buzz is a good guy.”

Her brows snapped together and James tried to jog her memory, “The guy who was asking you if you were at MIT last night?” 

“Oh! Well, I don’t need you to vouch for him.”

“You looked like you’d seen a ghost. Do you know him?”

“No. And I am not talking about this. Please leave.”

“No. Why were you scared of him?”

Ella decided to ignore the man. 

“Were you at MIT?” he asked. 

Like a dog with a bone, he seemed obsessed with last night’s events. She wasn’t going to get into that conversation, and that was that!

“Never mind. The real reason I wanted to talk to you wasn’t that anyway. I want to take you out for dinner this week,” he declared.

“No, thank you.”

“Look, we got off on the wrong foot and I am trying to set things right. Please, Ella. It’s just dinner.”

She scoffed, “You are trying to set things right how exactly? By breaking into my ho...” She swallowed the rest of her outrage and prayed he didn’t pick up what she’d almost revealed. 

Her heart sank when his eyes flicked up for a moment before coming to rest on her again.

“Touché,” he grinned. “No this wasn’t part of the plan. Dinner was. If you’d let me in the front door, I wouldn’t have had to do this.”

“Why don’t you just leave me alone?” She hated the way her voice broke at the end. 

“You know me enough by now to know that I will not give up. Just give me one dinner and if you still hate me after that, I will leave you alone. How’s that?”

Ella made a face but chose to keep quiet. The man had a point. She might as well accept defeat, go out once with him and pray it was the end of it. 

The moment she nodded, he jumped up from his chair, “How about I pick you up tomorrow evening at 7?”






Eight


2019 January, 8. Salt Lake City
“Fuck! What the hell?” Christian yelled. Why the President of the United States would want to visit the shit hell hole that was Somalia was beyond him. But that’s what he was doing and in the process putting a giant spanner in the works for Christian’s op. He hated having to make last minute changes to the plan. Any plan.

“Cheryl, cancel my appointments for the rest of the day,” he threw over his shoulder to his secretary and jabbed the elevator button. This was going to have to be taken care of ASAP. It was a pain in the bum, having to run from one office to another, but he’d kept his business strictly separate from the family business for a reason. And after the repeated attacks on his personal email in the last week or so, he was damn glad he’d done that. 

Someone, someone really good, was trying to dig up dirt on him. No doubt, they’d also hacked into his dad’s company network only to find everything clean and above board. He allowed himself a small smile as he pulled out of Hoover Towers. Always a good idea to remind yourself of your successes when heading into a soup sandwich, which is exactly where this op was heading.

Unless he did something about it, pronto!

“Hey, Siri. Call Dave,” he ordered his phone. 

“Dave. We have a problem,” Christian started as soon as his head of ops picked up the phone. 

“I know, boss. I am on my way to the office now.” 

“Good. I’ll see you in a few.”

His other office was his den in the penthouse he’d bought for Ella and himself right after they were married. He’d have to think about where to put the office when he’d retrieved Ella and brought her back home. This thing with the POTUS’s visit to Somalia meant he was going to have to put Ella on the backburner again!

Christian stepped into the apartment to a string of Arabic. Dave was clearly trying to move some pieces around to manage the situation. Christian was happy to have found him. Of course, he paid the man a ton of money too. 

Dave held his hand up in a greeting and continued in rapid fire Arabic. The man spoke like a native. 

Christian pulled a beer out of the fridge and walked onto the balcony. They were going to have to reschedule the delivery. That was certain. From what he’d heard of Dave’s conversation, that was what Dave was sussing out too. The other option was to change the location, but that would take too long to put together. That was practically a new op. The bloody Somalis weren’t paying that much for him to go to all that trouble. 

“Can you convince the captain to hurry up and get to the RVP sooner?” Dave asked after he joined Christian on the balcony. 

“I can force him to.”

“Abidullah can be ready in two weeks.”

“Of course he can. Motherfucker has nothing else to do,” Christian spat. 

Dave ignored the outburst and moved on, “This is our best option. If we can get the boat to make it to the RVP one week ahead of schedule, Abidullah can stage the pirate attack and bring the shipment ashore.”

“Yeah. I’ll talk to the captain after you’ve confirmed Fat Albert can make its part of the bargain.”

It was a complicated op in spite of the fact that most of the elements could be provided by H-SLAT, the Hoover Sea, Land, and Air Transport. The ships, cargo planes, and trucks belonging to Hoover Transport were all over the world for legitimate reasons. It was easy to piggyback on this extensive network and move his weapons around.

For this op he had the weapons loaded onto one of his cargo ships heading to Dubai. The Somalis would attack the ship, remove the cargo ashore where a Hoover C-130 Hercules cargo jet, one of the Fat Alberts, would pick it up and move it inland into South Sudan. 

It was a perfect plan - if timed right - together with Fat Albert’s humanitarian aid mission. Now everything was up in the air! 

With another vile curse, Christian pulled the vibrating phone out of his pocket.

“This had better be good, Danny,” he barked, absently nodding to Dave’s wave. His mind was still not entirely on the phone as he watched Dave close the door behind him. But his ears perked up when the smug voice at the other end said, “How good does number 7 East 76th Street, New York sound, boss?”

“Sweet as cunt, Danny, sweet as! Expect a bonus tomorrow. Hang fire until I decide what to do next.”

Finally, some good news! He might just go see her sweet face before the African shit hit the fan!

“Captain Valli,” Christian put through the unsavory call. He hated the independent captain with a vengeance, and he had no doubt the feeling was mutual. The only reason the man was still working for H-SLAT was his honesty and his skill as captain of a merchant ship. 

“Mr. Hoover.” The chill in the captain’s voice was clear through the static and crackle of the satellite connection over land and sea. 

“I need you to shorten the ETA by five days.” 

“Impossibile!” Captain Valli snapped, then continued, “Are you crazy? We are about 12 days from Mina Rashid,” he said. 

“That’s Dubai,” he added and Christian wanted to bite his head off. Of course, he knew Mina Rashid was the port of Dubai! He knew his business, damn it! However, he needed the man to cooperate without getting suspicious.

“I know. Can you make it happen if I talk to the Egyptians and delay that shipment? You can drop that one off on your way back from Dubai” Christian asked. Christian had already talked to his agent in Egypt and agreed on delayed delivery. In reality, neither the Saudis nor the Egyptians were going to get their deliveries. The pirate attack off the Somali coast was going to destroy everything on the ship. But the subterfuge had to be complete.

“Or is that too hard for you?” He upped the ante. 

“It can be done,” Valli replied tersely. 

“Good. Make it so, then.” Christian killed the call. The rearrangements had been quite easy, come to think of it. Gone off without a hitch. 

2019 January, 8. New York City
“Damn bastard,” James swore and switched the screen off. He’d been watching Hoover leave his office in a hurry and tear through downtown Salt Lake City, only to lose him there. He had tried hundreds of cameras, but the man had simply vanished. It had to be something urgent for him to have left in such a hurry!

May as well put the damn report together. The guys, whoever drew this bloody short straw, would practically be going in blind. But given the deadline, this was the most he could do. Two days’ worth of surveillance was nowhere near enough to establish the target’s routine. He’d, of course, give them real time support, but everyone knew that was no replacement for good, solid intel.

He hit the send button and looked up at the clock. Then flicked a different screen on and confirmed that she was working as usual and changed out from his sweats into jeans and a white tee. He’d been told chicks dig a black tee on a man, but couldn’t get himself to let go of his favorite whites.

There were still quite a few people in the store. Mostly mums with kids from the schools nearby. He took the lonely table in the corner and waited for her to notice him. She smiled and said something to the little girl at the counter which made her squeal in delight. 

There was no way she’d not noticed him. He stuck out like a sore thumb, more like a sore mountain, in the store full of pretty moms and cute kids. He’d also filled the doorway as he’d stood there looking for a spot to sit and she’d had a quick peek at him then. So, he waited patiently for her to pluck up the courage to come to him. Because that was clearly the issue. She didn’t feel in control around him and so she was avoiding him. He’d sat many an hour in worse conditions, patiently waiting for far more unpleasant things to happen than a beautiful girl yelling at him or giving him the cold shoulder!

Finally, after waving goodbye to the last of her ‘real’ customers, she marched over to where he was sitting. Planting her hands on her hips, she asked, “What now, James?”

He pushed his chair back on its rear legs, clasped his hands behind his head and grinned. “C’mon, Ella. This anger is now getting old. How about we start over again and act like normal people?”

“You are the normalcy challenged person here, not me. No normal person goes around pretend attacking women, breaking into their...stores…and then asking them out to dinner. That’s just plain abnormal!”

He straightened his chair and held his hands up, “Guilty. Now I think about it, I could’ve gone about it in a less...violent...way. Will you forgive me?”

She actually took a couple of steps back and narrowed her eyes at him. Aha! Hadn’t seen that one coming, had she?

He just about smothered his victorious grin when she stepped forward again and pulled a chair for herself. “Okay,” she sighed. “I won’t be rude to you from now on. Did you want a coffee or something to eat, or are you just visiting?”

He did let his grin show then, “What sort of coffee do you drink?”

She blinked a couple of times and looked like she was struggling to find the words she was looking for. After a couple of tries, she pushed the words through, “Why?” The fine line between her brows was back and her eyes were once again narrow slits. 

“A new start, Ella. Remember? It’s an innocent question,” James prodded. He had to give it to her, though. After the rocky start he’d given their relationship, he’d expected a hard time. But this woman was milking it a bit too much. At least it looked like that from where he stood. No doubt she had a very different opinion.

“I don’t drink coffee. I drink hot chocolate,” she threw it down like a gauntlet. Her small, stubborn chin up in the air, her eyes glittering with the challenge, daring him to laugh at the statement. 

“With marshmallows or whipped cream?” He asked, and her whole body seemed to jerk in surprise. For the first time since meeting her, he saw a glimmer of hope. When her eyes softened, her whole body softened towards him. He felt as tall as Everest!

“Whipped cream,” she actually licked her lips and gave him a brilliant smile. One even better than the one she’d given Joe at The Magic Room. James nearly groaned out loud. The woman was killing him and wasn’t even aware of it. But on some level she seemed to be aware that the heat levels had gone up, for she lowered her lashes to concentrate on picking some specks off her apron.

The silence soon became awkward while he stared mesmerized at her and she almost literally squirmed underneath the weight of his gaze.

“What about your favorite foods? Mexican? Italian? Indian?” He asked and this time she actually gave him a straight answer. Almost. 

“I love Mexican. Why are you asking me all this?”

“Well, I need to have a basic idea if I have to book something for us, don’t I? Besides, if we don’t talk about this, I’ll end up interrogating you about your past. I have a strong feeling that won’t go down well,” he shrugged.

Her laughter was like a sheet of silk sliding along his skin. Unfortunately, it ended too soon, “No, it won’t. Thank you for not bringing it up again. Do you want some coffee?”

“No. I’ll get going now. Do you need help putting the furniture away?”

“Yes. If you have time?” She seemed as shocked as he was at that. She was deliberately spending more time with him. If that wasn’t a good sign, he didn’t know what was. 

She flipped the sign on the door to ‘Closed’ and started cleaning up the counters while he stacked the tables and chairs away. The dreaded awkward silence didn’t return and instead, they fell into an easy conversation. 

“Thank you for helping me close up,” she looked up at him when they were all done. 

He took the cue to leave, “Sure! I’ll pick you up tomorrow at seven.”

She just nodded and locked the door behind him. 

He actually found himself whistling as he headed over to his gym. Tonight could definitely be filed as ‘mission accomplished’! She’d be relaxed and happy for dinner tomorrow night. Ella was on his mind even as he started with his warm-up routine. It’d been a long time since he’d had a good time with a woman which didn’t involve getting hot and naked. He’d get there with this one too, and sooner rather than later, but he’d enjoy the time it took to get there too!

The only bone in the pie was her shady past. There was no doubt she was hiding something. She’d clearly said so. No amount of persuading would get him any answers from her. It didn’t help that Buzz had called him earlier in the day demanding he dig into her past. He was still hung up on her bizarre reaction to his easy question. 

No matter how hard he tried, he found himself heading to his office. Determined to limit his search to the basics, he opened up his browser. Never estimate the power of good old internet searches!






Nine


2019 January, 8. New York City
James hadn’t expected to hit a wall so soon after starting the basic search, in spite of the fact that he didn’t have her last name. That was hardly a hurdle. He started with the lease of her coffee shop, the Sugar & Spice. The lease was for a woman named Rose Hayworth. And from there, it became a maze of one dead end after the other until twenty minutes later he was ready to smash his fist into the monitor. 

Obviously, Ella was either hiding from someone or she was hiding something. Whatever the case, more drastic measures were required to get into her past. A voice, loud and clear, warned James against invading her privacy. If she was hiding something, the right thing to do was to wait for her to come out and tell him what it was. 

What the loud voice didn’t understand was that when you’d been a soldier for long enough, the lines between right and wrong become hazy. What matters is the end result. If taking a few lives meant a lot of lives could be saved, well, the end justified the means. Didn’t it?

He pushed the chair back and got up. Armed with a fresh can of beer and an apple, he cracked his knuckles, firmly locked the good voice away and got stuck into bad work. 

“Bloody, bloody, hell,” he roared as the photo of a stunningly beautiful bride smiling up at her groom took up the screen. The words under the photo all ran into each other. All except four. 

Eleanor Marie Bridges-Hoover.

James read the name and re-read it. It stayed the same. She had been married. Maybe still was. To Christian bloody fucking Hoover. The photo was from the Salt Lake City Tribune, covering the wedding of Eleanor Marie Bridges and Christian Charles Hoover. A glittering affair that remained the talk of the town for months. 

James threw the apple core and the beer into the trash and headed to his gym, knowing no amount of pounding the bag was going to ease this shock. 

2019 January, 9. New York City
With a curse, Ella shimmied out of the black jeans and plopped down on the bed, in the middle of the other tried and discarded outfits. This dating business was stressful and it’d been too long since she’d been on a date. To be honest, she’d never really been on a real date. That thought had her jumping up and racing back to the closet. 

God! She was acting like someone who’d managed to snare the football captain for her prom partner! The dresses in the closet blurred. Christian had made it a point to be home for her prom and all rules had been flouted to allow him to be her prom date. It was one of the best nights of her life! Mom and Aunty Tammy had been there to help her choose her dress.

2010 September. Salt Lake City
“I love this one, Mom.”

Ella twirled around in front of Rose and Tamara, giving them a 360 degree view of the dress. It was a fairy-princess-dream ball gown. The bodice was decorated with delicate lace scrolls and swirls with a plunging V neckline. The flowy, frothy, voluminous tulle skirt on a sparkly underlay made up for any reservations she may have had about the lack of a back. After she’d done her twirl, she waited desperately for the two women to approve. She didn’t have to wait for long and let out a whoop of joy the moment the two women smiled and nodded. 

“It’s so you, darling,” Rose said, a fine sheen filling up her eyes suddenly.

“You look like the princess you are, sweetie,” Tamara declared.

She heard the hum of voices downstairs and gave herself a quick check. Christian would be upset if she was late, but he was going to forget how to speak when he looked at her. So that was okay! Mom had done her up, letting strategic tendrils fall to her shoulder and topped it off with a delicate pearl and diamond tiara. She slipped into the matching shoes and was ready. 

The conversation at the foot of the grand staircase that was the feature of the atrium stopped as three pairs of eyes zeroed in on her. She walked up to mom, dad and Christian and found herself pulled into dad’s arms.

“Careful, Desmond. You’ll ruin her hair,” Tamara scolded and Desmond let her go, grumbling under his breath. 

“Have a wonderful time, pumpkin.” Then he turned to Christian, “Now I am even more happy you could make it for Ella’s prom, son. I wouldn’t be comfortable with anyone else taking her. I know you’ll keep her safe.”

“I wouldn’t have missed it for the world, Uncle Des,” Christian said, his eyes trained on Ella. 

The moment they stepped out of the house and giant doors of the Bridges mansion closed on their backs, he pulled her into his arms and whispered, “You look stunning, Ella!” And then he put a delicate white gold necklace with a single teardrop diamond pendant around her neck. 

The night was simply magical. Christian was the perfect date. He was attentive, he was funny and he was the envy of all the girls at the prom. When they got back home past midnight, Ella turned to say good night at the door. He shook his head and took the keys from her. Her heart beat picked up when he followed her right to her room.
She looked up at him and whispered, “Christian...”

He held his hand up and she quieted. He pushed the door to her room open and led her inside. Suddenly, she was a stranger in her own room. No. Her room was suddenly not hers anymore with Christian filling it up with his black tuxedo and his beaming smile. 

In the middle of the room, she turned, with another unspoken protest on her lips. He shook his head and put his finger on her trembling lips. His hands on her shoulders, he slowly walked her back until she hit the closed door of her room. Then he replaced his finger with his mouth. Ella sighed and surrendered. 

When his mouth moved down to the crook of her neck, she tried to protest again, but it came out as a moan of pleasure. His fingers slipped under the thin straps holding her gown up and her eyes snapped open. They’d had sex lots of times already, but never in her home. In his home, yes. But her room was only hers. 

The straps slid down and so did the bodice. He picked her up and pinned her to the door, bringing her breasts within easier reach of his hungry mouth. Instinctively, her legs wrapped around his hips and when she heard the snip of her zipper, she knew her room, her sanctuary had been invaded by Christian forever. Now there was nothing in her life untouched by Christian. 

2019 January, 9. New York City
Snapping out of the bitter-sweet memory, Ella leaned against the wall and slid down to sit beside the rows of shoes, letting her tears fall. Since the day they’d made love in Christian’s beloved red Porsche, all the boys had stayed away from her. Oh! They’d been more than happy to be “friends”, but that’s it. It’d taken her far too long to realize Christian had scared them all off with Alan as the enforcer in his absence. 

She pulled her knees up under her chin and rested her forehead on them. She wasn’t going to stop the tears now. She was ready to grow up and accept that she’d never had a normal childhood. Oh, she’d been happy, she could say that without reservation. But she’d also been oblivious. All her high school years had been completely controlled by Christian and their families had simply smiled at it, labelling it as ‘they-are-so-cute-together’.

After the tears had dried themselves out, she was back in the shower. It was time to enjoy the very first real date of her life! She wouldn’t think of the past, not even the way this particular date had come about. If she did, she’d end in a bawling mess again!

After she was fairly certain all evidence of her tear-deluge had been washed out, she was back at the closet. This time, she was confident when she slipped into a deep, as fresh as Juniper leaves deep green, silk cami, her favorite skinny jeans and pulled out the brown suede trench. 

Never one for makeup or fussing over her hair, she was down in the lobby of her building at quarter to seven. Try as she might, she couldn’t shake the ‘15 minutes prior’ habit that she’d been molded into since Christian’s military days. She had no doubt James had figured out where she lived because of her little slip. At least she’d not told him which one was her actual apartment.

She wasn’t surprised when he strode in a couple of minutes after her. Well and truly before seven! There was something in his lack of reaction to the fact that she was already in the foyer that niggled at the back of her mind. Surely he should’ve been surprised to see her ready and waiting a quarter of an hour before time? Determined to enjoy her first date, Ella pushed the niggle out of her mind and smiled at him. 

He looked scrumptious. He was once again in his white button down and blue jeans, the difference was in his hair. It looked shiny and silky, falling in soft waves around his hard face. She acknowledged for the first time how very handsome the man was. And he totally rocked his tortoiseshell glasses!

In three large strides he was towering over her. He leaned into her, his hands gently cupping her elbows. Her heart was suddenly in her throat and she wondered if he was going to kiss her right there. Oh boy, was she ready! Not! She wasn’t sure. He was too big, too much like Christian for her comfort. Her lips parted. The slightly increased pressure in his grip on her elbows was the only reaction from him. She couldn’t begin to imagine what was going through his mind right now as he loomed over her. 

She desperately needed water, but compensated by quickly flicking her tongue out to lick her parched lips. The small age-old signal seemed enough for him, for he closed the distance between their lips and gave her an incredibly gentle, incredibly unlike his usual MO, kiss.

Abruptly, he let go of her and stepped back. Her eyes zeroed in on his throat as the strong column worked. So, he was just as affected by her as she was by him. That was an empowering thought! She was surprised when she realized the fact that he was controlling his reaction was what made her feel powerful. Christian was also affected by her. But with his attraction, she felt helpless, she felt like she’d done something wrong to incite that kind of reaction in him. 

She smiled and licked her lips once again just to rile him up and after what seemed like years, let out a giggle when he cleared his throat and said gruffly, “Let’s go!”

Oh! Yes. She was going to have a great time tonight. 

***

Now that he knew her background, he wasn’t at all surprised she was already waiting for him when he rocked up. Military wives tended to pick up military norms pretty quickly. It burned something fierce in his gut, thinking of her as someone’s wife, let alone that of Christian Hoover. 

However, what he’d not been prepared for was how stunning she looked. Oh, he knew she was gorgeous, alright. What he’d not expected was how she’d affect him. The woman was positively lethal! Add to that she had giggled like an excited girl when she saw her effect on him. That he’d not expected. When she batted her lashes at him and licked her lips again, he’d had enough and ordered her to get going. The minx was baiting him. She’d had fun at his expense. 

He watched her like a hawk as he opened the door of his little Tesla for her. Her widened eyes at the sleek, black little number were a good salve for his damaged pride. The moment he settled himself into the driver’s seat, she said, “Wow! This is really cool. I’ve never seen anything like it.”

“That’s because she’s one of a kind,” he grinned before easing out into the traffic. “I had her made just for me.”

“Oh!” She seemed strangely deflated, disappointed at that. 

By the time they got to Greenpoint and their destination, James was certain he was going to have a great evening. He was also thoroughly confused. Technically, he knew everything about Ella. And yet she was a mysterious stranger.

They had eased into an easy conversation about mundane stuff. Every time he looked over at her, she either had her hands folded loosely in her lap, or she was sitting like she had an iron rod for a spine. Why she’d yo-yo between happy and nervous during a fourteen minute drive was beyond him. 

Her eyes sparkled as she took in the casually chic interior of the Mex Teq and he was happy he’d chosen this small restaurant. When the server, Pablo, came up to them, James didn’t wait to check with her before he ordered a frozen margarita for each of them. When he looked at her, he’d expected her green eyes to be spitting fire. He’d not expected to thoroughly enjoy seeing her mad. 

He held up a hand before she could uncompress her tightly sealed lips and have a go at him, “You have obviously not been here before. I wasn’t not giving you a choice. The frozen margarita here will blow your mind. Trust me.”

Her eyes softened, “Okay.”

Such a simple word and yet it took his breath away.

“Oh my God!” she whispered when she saw the margarita tumbler. The thing was probably bigger than her head!

“Try it,” he encouraged. 

As she put her lips to the glass, he was more tense than he’d probably been storming terrorists in the caves of Afghanistan. He was confident then and prepared for an unforeseen failure. This time, he was neither. He needed her to like it like he needed his next breath. The reason? He’d rather not go into that.

She took a tentative sip, raised her eyebrows and went straight back for another one. Fist pump! 

From the looks of it, she still had her doubts about him being a dinosaur and taking over the ordering of the meal. For when the server brought the menu over, she simply picked up her margarita once again. Her emerald eyes daring him from over the rim of the glass. Well, he’d just have to set her straight.

He turned to Pablo, the server, told him what he was planning to have and winked at him before adding, “You may have to come back for the lady. She seems to be enjoying her margarita too much.”

The tumbler landed on the table as she quickly picked up the menu and said, “No, no, Pablo. Give me just a moment.”

The stunt earned him a glare as soon as Pablo left and he raised a brow, “You do seem to be enjoying the drink.”

“Well, it’s my Buck-U-Uppo,” she muttered and went back for a sip of the addictive drink. 

“Regardless, you want to tone it down, Ms. Mulliner. It’s a strong drink even if it goes down smoothly.”

Her eyebrows pretty much marched into her hairline. She certainly hadn’t seen that one coming. 

“Oh my God! I didn’t expect you to know this,” she gasped. 

“I figured. How did you get hooked into Wodehouse?” He asked.

“My mom! She loved it and had me hooked to it too! How about you?”

“My mom, too. One day, I just picked one up from her bedside table and never put it down until my stomach was cramping from laughing,” he said.

“Oh my God! This was the best ever,” she gushed, looking up at him. Her eyes sparkled with happiness and he felt unreasonably happy about it.

“Thank you,” she whispered before he could collect his wits and say something. 

“Pleasure’s all mine!”

He desperately wanted to ask her about her past, about her husband in particular. Why was she here, away from him? He hadn’t found any divorce papers in her records. So why was she here if she was still married to the man? And what was he doing letting her away from him?

They were both quiet as the car cruised toward her home. He glanced over at her and she was strung tight as a bow. Was she nervous again? And if yes, why would she be nervous?

“How come a beautiful woman like you doesn’t have a boyfriend already?” he asked casually, trying to keep the cringe from his face. What a dumb, cliché, fishing move, asshole! 

The margarita must’ve been working its magic on her, because she didn’t react in any way to the clearly leading question but just stared out the window. 

He’d almost given up on her when she sighed, “You’re not too bad, yourself. Why are you alone?”

He shrugged, “Fair enough. Where are you from?”

This one, he knew, she wouldn’t be able to get out of. During the course of their dinner, he’d made sure to talk about his entire family history. He was just looking for a quid pro quo, obviously!

“Salt Lake City.” Her tone had gone flat. But she was a smart woman, not telling unnecessary lies. Those would come later, surely. 

He let her stew for a bit. He could see her fists open and close in her lap. She was stewing, alright. 

“You know, I still don’t know your last name.” He kept his eyes straight on the road as he dropped that one. 

She flinched and the color drained from her face. Suddenly, it wasn’t a challenge anymore. He should have thought about the reasons why she wasn’t with her family. It was too late to turn back now.

“Where are we going? This is not the way home,” she said, looking around. 

“You’ll like it, promise. Will you tell me your last name, at least?” He persisted. 

“Daniels. Ella Daniels,” she whispered. “Can you please drop me home, now?”

“I promise, you’ll like it.”

“I am sure, I will. But, please, take me home now,” her voice trembled at the end there and he hated himself for it. He’d successfully ruined her evening in his pursuit of the truth. 

“Okay. Another time,” he conceded and headed back. In her lobby, he had no hope she’d invite him to her apartment, and she didn’t. She simply turned around, and wished him good night. He clenched his hands into fists. If he hadn’t, he’d have pulled her into his arms and kissed her hurt away. Because that’s what she looked like. Hurt. And defeated. He had no doubt now that her separation from her husband was not a consensual one. Not that he was surprised. All the signs had been there, loud and clear. He was simply being a sadist, wanting her to confess to him. 

As she waited for the elevator, her head bowed down, he couldn’t control himself anymore. He covered the distance in two strides and pulled her into his arms, “I am really sorry if something I said hurt you, Ella.”

She stiffened, but he kept his arms around her. Loose enough that she’d be able to step away if she wanted, but firm enough that she’d feel his strength, for she seemed to have lost all of hers. She stepped away only when the elevator dinged and whispered, “Thank you for the lovely evening. Bye, James.”

She couldn’t get into her apartment fast enough. She was just about holding onto her tears and her dignity. She had no doubt he knew about her. The only thing she wasn’t sure about was whether or not Christian had sent him. She desperately hoped not. He’d been so kind and gentle most of the evening. No, all of the evening. Even when he’d been digging in her past, he’d been gentle. His hug at the end nearly broke. She would never be able to trust anyone if he turned out to be working for Christian.

But what cut her up the most was this hadn’t been a real date, either. He’d taken her out for the sole purpose of digging into her past.






Ten


2019 January, 9. Salt Lake City
Christian had never dealt well with waiting. For anything. Now, he had all these balls in the air with barely any control over any of them. Captain Tomas Valli was a capable man who could be relied upon to get to the rendezvous point on time. Dave had been one of the best operations officers Christian had worked with in the army. He would make sure all the cogs in the machine were working together. Short of actually going to Somalia and being there, there was nothing more Christian could do. 

Filing away the decision to be on the frontline of his next mission, he turned to what he could control. The timeline of Ella’s return back home.

“Dan. Pay off Ella’s lease and get the landlord to evict her within a week.” 

Christian felt much better now that he had a plan of action. He didn’t just want to turn up at Ella’s hidey-hole and drag her back. He wanted her to give up her stupid ideas and come to him herself. Accept defeat. 

It was a sound plan. Force her landlord’s hand by paying off her entire outstanding lease and then get her evicted. In a city like New York, there was no way she would be able to find a new place to lease in that short a time.

“So, you are not going to pay her a visit, I assume?” Dan asked. 

“I won’t need to. She’ll come to me when she has nowhere else to go.”

“I like how you think, Boss. I will get on to it right away.” With that, Dan clicked off.

2002 November. Salt Lake City
“Why are you crying?” 

Christian’s roar nearly gave her a heart attack. She hadn’t heard him come into her room. Not that it would’ve made any difference. There was no way she could hide her tears from him. She was going to have to tell him. 

But it was so embarrassing! And he’d also see her busted lip and be even more cross. Why was he here anyway? Yeah, that was a good one to start with. 

She kept her face stuffed in the pillow and muffled out, “Why are you here?”

“Mom sent me here with cookies. She made the ones you like. Alan has homework.” he said.

Ah! That’s why. At sixteen, Christian hated every time his mother sent him on errands. He was too grown up for that! After all, his mom never asked his dad to run errands!

“That’s not what I meant. Why are you in my room?”

“Aunty Rose said something about you having a fight at school.”

Why did mom have to tattle? Now he was never going to go away. And once she told him what had happened, what he’d do at school would be even more embarrassing. She groaned and the next instant his hand was on her back. For a big boy, he could be really gentle.

“Ella. Look at me. Tell me what happened,” he ordered.

Grudgingly, Ella sat up and Christian was up on his feet again, “Who did this?” He yelled. 

“Stop yelling, Christian!” Ella snapped.

“Ok. Ok. Just tell me what happened.”

“I umm...kissed Corey today…” she began and was once again interrupted.

“Which Corey?”

“The new boy in your grade. The one with glasses,” Ella explained.

“Why would you kiss him? And why would that make you cry? Did he hit you after? How did you get hurt?” God! Christian could sometimes be really thick-headed for a really smart boy.

Ella rolled her eyes, “Will you just let me finish?”

“Yeah. Just hurry up. I’ve to go for basketball soon.”

Ella sat up in her bed. No longer sad, but furious.

“So...all the girls in grade 5 like this Corey. He came up to me today in the yard and asked me if I wanted to kiss him. Of course, I was gonna say yes.” She quickly held up a hand when she saw Christian open his mouth to speak. He shut it.

“After the kiss, he turned around and said to his friends, ‘See. It was easy!’ I was so angry. I boxed him right on his chin! But he shoved me hard and I bumped against the lockers. That’s how I got hurt. But his lip got hurt too!” By the time Ella finished, she wasn’t sure if she was angry, or sad.

“So, let me get this straight. His friends dared him to kiss you, that’s why he did?”

Ella nodded, “I heard them tell him that you’d beat him up real bad ‘cause I’m yours.” When he didn’t say anything, she hurried on, “It’s not like that, is it Christian?”

“Of course it is! And if anything like this happens again, one, don’t kiss random boys…”

She burst in, “He’s not a random guy and I liked him before.”

He continued as if she hadn't spoken at all, “And two, don’t punch boys twice your size. Come and tell me. You got that?”

Ella nodded, and he was off as silently as he’d come in.

2019 January, 10. New York City
Ella woke up to the soft music of her alarm, but the dream was as clear in her mind as if it had happened yesterday. She couldn’t imagine how Christian could go from a protector to tormentor in a few short years.

But he had, and here she was and here she’d stay. If James worked for Christian, she’d worry about it when the time came. If he didn’t work for Christian, she’d think about that too when the time came. Right now, she was going to get the day’s baking done and take the rest of the day off. Take herself out for shopping, spa and a massage.

***

“General, I have sent through my report to the secure server. If the team needs a real-time eye, I can do that also.” Like any well-trained soldier, a hastily put together missions was James’ least favorite. However, if it had to be done, it had to be done, and James was more than confident that the team that went in would do a thorough job. Within the next 24 hours, they’d have definitive information on whether or not Hoover was their man.

“Good work, James. I think the team will appreciate real time surveillance. I will get them to contact you.” And with that, General Jacobs was off the phone. 

Not long now. He couldn’t wait to find out how deep Hoover was in all this. Going by his gut, Hoover was all in. James needed him to be all in. Hoover had to be the bad guy. He refused to think about why he was so desperate to convict Hoover. Because you want his wife. 

“I never denied that,” James muttered and then cursed. He hadn’t even gotten into her panties yet and she was messing with his head. Maybe that’s why she is messing with your head.

This internal dialog was getting tiring. He needed a distraction. He pulled the phone out and called Legend, “Hey!”

“Hey yourself. What’s up, mate?” Legend asked.

“Nothing. Needed to kill some time. You up for lunch?” James asked.

“Sure. Where?”

“Sugar & Spice.” Of course, James hadn’t planned on eating there. But it was close, so why not?

“Oh, brother! You’ve got it bad. See you in 15.” Legend ended the call, but not before giving his friend an earful of his laughter.

James pinched the bridge of his nose and groaned. Why did he insist on making his own life miserable! Now that he’d opened his mouth and stepped in it, he might as well go through with it and get the most out of it. He flipped the laptop open where he had the camera feed across from Sugar & Spice. His brows met in a furrow when he saw Tilly and Joe in the shop. This was way after the usual lunch hour and Tilly should've been gone by now. 

He wanted to kick himself for not checking up on her in the morning. She’d been a mess after the date last night. And he’d been a dick for abandoning her in the morning. He should’ve gone and apologized to her for being an insensitive prick. From what he’d seen of her friends, they were both very protective of her, so he wasn’t going to get anything out of them if he couldn’t convince them of his good intentions. James let out another groan of frustration. This was getting too messy too soon. 

He saw Legend approaching just as he turned the corner into E 79th. A head taller than most people, his GQ looks and perfect sense of fashion made it impossible to not notice him. And when he opened his mouth and let his New York accent with its Ivy League inflections flow, it was hard not to believe everything he said. That was one of the reasons he was so good at interrogation! Even the Ali Babas in Afghanistan weren’t immune to the Legend effect. But you’d be a fool to believe the smooth accent and polished looks was all there was to Legend. The man could be ruthless and was lethal in combat. He was a man you’d better be on the good side of. 

“I’m not going to kiss you, sleeping beauty.” Legend’s amused drawl snapped James out of his ‘friend observation’ zone. “This had better be good. I had to postpone my meeting with Cathy,” Legend warned.

James threw his head back and laughed, but somehow managed to get his question out, “You had a meeting scheduled with your girlfriend?”

“It’s not a laughing matter. I have told her repeatedly to quit working at that place and she refuses to listen. This meeting was to address that matter. Now, are we going inside or just creeping those two out from here?” Legend nodded to the two pairs of curious eyes staring at them from inside the shop.

“Let’s go,” James straightened up and led the way. All he earned upon entry into the post-lunch quiet of the shop was one glare and one heavily suspicious look. 

“Hey Joe, Tilly.” Always try for friendly first!

“Why are you here?” Tilly stepped out from behind the counter and threatened with her hands on her hips. 

James was taught not to be rude and that was the only reason he didn’t outright laugh at the woman. But she was hilarious! She was not short for a woman, must be around 5 foot 6 or even 7, but standing in the middle of three men, all easily topping 6 feet, she was tiny. Not to mention her willow-like slim body which practically had no room for muscle!

Joe caught her by the elbow and gently pulled her back, “Back down, Tiger.” He turned to the men, “Anything, in particular, you are after?”

“We could start with a bit of food. James says the pulled pork Panini is great. Can I have one toasted, please? And a Red Eye,” Legend stepped in with his diplomacy.

Tilly threw him a glare but turned around to serve him. Joe moved his attention to James. 

“I’ll have the same, thank you.”

“And now the real reason you are here?” Joe asked.

When James didn’t reply back right away, Tilly spoke up, “Look, we know you went out with Ella last night. Now she’s taken the day off. What did you do to her, you creep?” She turned to Legend, included him in her glare and added, “With creep friends!”

“All she did was go on a date and take the next day off. Pretty normal after a long night I’d say?” Legend asked, his soft voice making the question sound deceptively innocent.

Joe placed the two Red Eyes on the counter and crossed his arms over his chest. He was clearly not going to take the bait. 

“I wanted to talk to Ella. Ask her if she enjoyed herself last night. Stop making it into more than what it is,” James directed this at Tilly.

She wrapped the sandwiches up and dumped them on the counter together with her annoyance.

“I can’t say whether she enjoyed last night or not, but she is enjoying herself today. I’d say you did a pretty crappy job on the date if you aren’t sure she had a good time!” Joe threw in as he rang up their order and pushed the credit card machine to him. 

“Can you please tell her I asked for her?” James asked, looking at Tilly. No matter how mad she was, she was more likely to thaw than the calculatedly careful man beside her. 

She thinned her lips and gave a stiff nod, but added, “She told me how she met you. I need to know you are on the level.”

Surprisingly, that pulled a groan from Legend who always, always had a tight lid on his reactions. James marked that for later conversation and assured her, “I am.”

Outside, the two of them turned to each other and asked in sync, “What was all that about?”

Legend raised his brow, “What do you mean?”

“You reacted to the girl. When she asked me if I was on the level,” James clarified even though he was certain his friend was simply buying time. Another stunt wholly uncharacteristic for him. 

Legend sighed, “What is with women and their trust?”

“Is that why you want Cathy to quit her job?” James was now beginning to see the dots. 

“Yes. Her boss is knee-dip in shit. I don’t yet know what shit, but the bastard is glib and Cathy can’t see past the man’s innocent smiles and kind gestures. But this is a conversation for another day. What have you been up to?”

“She is married to Christian Hoover,” James spilled the thing that’d been burning a hole in his gut for the last two days.

“Is this the same man I think it is?” Legend asked cautiously. 

James nodded, “I dug into her past. I had to, after her bizarre reaction to Buzz.”

“Then why is she here? And why is she dating?”

“I intend to find that out later.”







Eleven


2019 January, 10. New York City
Outside the Sugar & Spice, James thumped his friend on the shoulder and said in farewell, “Thanks for postponing the meeting for me, bro.”

“Anytime!” Legend had just turned to go when James delivered his parting remark, “I just didn’t peg you as a coward, man!”

Legend turned around on his heel, “What the fuck…”

“Don’t delay this anymore. Talk to Cathy, man. Besides, she’s tiny. It’s not like she can do you any damage even if she loses it after you deliver the ultimatum,” James winked.

“Yeah, right! Maybe I’ll invite you for the meeting,” Legend suggested.

“Thanks, but no thanks. She’s all yours to manage! Good luck. Call if you need a buddy to patch you up after,” James said to his friend’s back.

Back up in his work-room, James went to work on his pet project. Now that he had her full name, it had to be an easy ride - not! Oh, he found tons of photos, from ones in pigtails to ones in bikinis and everything in between. What he didn’t find was any information on the status of her relationship. What he hadn’t found was any documentation on whether she’d even ever filed for divorce. 

An hour of trawling through the web and other databases he had no business going into, all he had to show was a new appreciation of how much mundane, trifle stuff girls put on their social media accounts. From ‘Vanilla-Rhubarb cupcake recipe’ to ‘I woke up with the worst headache anyone has ever had’!

The last thing he did was to hack into the real estate agent’s systems - it was a treat for suffering through the young Ella’s social media posts. He’d forever thank his lucky stars for giving him that idea. For when he opened up the details for the shop Ella was leasing, he found a new entry. Made a couple of hours earlier. All her outstanding rent had been paid and her shop had been marked ‘ready to lease in four weeks’. 

What the hell was the woman up to? She was simply going to pack up and go? 

He switched to the feed from her coffee shop. Not surprisingly, it was closed. He was ready to pull his hair out. Instead, he called Sujata Sharma, the real estate agent who managed his properties, especially the one he lived in.

“Hey Sujata. How are you going?”

“Hey Mr. O’Connor. I am well, thanks. What’s up?”

“Can you tell me if we can get the little wall in the hole on the first floor ready to lease out within a week?”

“Are you finally changing your mind, James?” She teased. She’d tried every trick in the book to get him to lease it out, but he’d somehow let it sit empty for all these years.

“Yes. Can it be done? It needs fitted out so that we can lease it to a coffee shop of some description.”

“Jeez. You don’t ask for much, do you?”

“Well?”

“I think so. Do you want me to put it up on the site too? Or do we already have a client?” She asked.

“Don’t advertise it yet. Just keep it ready,” he instructed.

“Sure, will do, Mr. O’Connor.”

That out of the way, he went back in for more details. Questions he should’ve asked the moment he saw the paid up account of the shop. Thank God for everything on the cloud concept. It turned out the real estate company was using cloud computing and it wasn’t long before he found the raised invoice and the payment on the lease. 

Daniel Sanchez. Even after going through Ella’s life for hours, he had no idea who this Daniel Sanchez was. James was sure she didn’t know anyone by that name. Which left only one option. Hoover had paid off the lease. It could be because Ella had decided to go back to her husband. James sincerely hoped not. 

He wanted to go up to Ella’s apartment and ask her. But that would only get him further down on the blacklist. He did the next best thing. He tapped into all the security cameras of the building around her apartment and shop and kept the feed live and open on his terminal. He was going to keep a close watch on her. Only for his overall situational awareness, of course. As soon as he was confident of his SA, he’d go and actually talk to her, not stalk her like a creep. 

He pulled out a frozen meal, nuked it and settled himself in front of the terminal. Waiting to catch a glimpse of the woman who’d managed to turn his head inside out in a few days. 

A duck’s quack broke the silence around him. He picked up his secure phone, “Good evening, Sir.”

Some habits never died, no matter how long out of the military you have been. Greeting a superior is one of those. 

“James. The team is on its way. I have given the SL your details. He will be in contact at 19:30,” General Gordon told him. 

“Yes, Sir.” James stuffed the rest of the lasagna into his mouth and got his Salt Lake City setup working. He might as well put his time to good use until the Squad Leader called.

2019 January, 10. New York City
Relaxing was tiring. That is all Ella had to say after a day of shopping followed by a massage and spa treatment. She slumped on her couch and zoned out. She hadn’t forgotten about the pesky, nosey soldier for a minute during the whole day spent on a mission to forget. If the man was working for Christian, he could be at her door any moment. The worry sat like a boulder on her heart. She wasn’t ready to confront Christian. Not yet. Probably not ever. 

2018 March. Salt Lake City
He was home for a week. Then he would be off again for six weeks somewhere in Africa. She looked at him in the soft lighting of the restaurant as he looked up at the server, placing their order. There was a web of fine lines on his forehead and around his eyes. At 30, he had the skin and eyes of a 50 year old. The war had taken his youth away. 

His blue eyes focused on her as soon as the server left. He covered her hand on the table with his large calloused hand and smiled. He was still handsome. If at all, the harsh desert had given him an aura of power and maturity which women were sure to find irresistible. But underneath it all, he was still the same short-tempered, controlling man he’d always been. The war had only shortened the fuse and hardened his reactions. 

Instinctively, her hand went to her throat. Last time he was home for a week, he’d choked her three times. She couldn’t even remember what had triggered him, but she definitely remembered the result. He never outright hit her. But then, wasn’t choking someone to within an inch of their life just as bad as hitting? She was no longer sure he didn’t hit her because he had some invisible line he refused to cross when he got angry. She was certain he choked her because he could stop before he killed her. 

His thumb rubbed gentle circles on the back of her hand. Her heart was racing. Not because of what he was doing, but from thinking about what she had to say to him and wondering how he’d react. No. She knew how he’d react, she didn’t know how far he’d go.

He let her hand go and leaned back in his chair. When the server came up with the wine, she realized he’d seen the man approach long before the man was anywhere near them. He approved the wine and the server filled up a glass for him, then came around and placed a glass of orange juice in front of her. Her eyes snapped up to his, but he waited until they had been served the starters and were alone again. 

“Don’t look so surprised, honey. This is my last tour. The last six weeks of the last tour. I am ready for a baby. Besides, you aren’t getting any younger.” His eyes sparkled at her and she couldn’t stop the shudder than through her. 

He was up in a flash and was wrapping his jacket around her shoulders, “Are you alright? Are you cold?”

“It’s nothing,” she whispered. 

The rest of the dinner was a blur which she spent wondering where she was going to get the courage to talk to him about what she wanted. 

“You have been distracted all evening. Is there something you want to talk about?” He asked as he opened the door to their penthouse and stepped aside to let her in. 

This was it. The moment of truth. If he really loved her, he’d let her go. Ella twisted her fingers together in front of her and turned around to face him. He had closed the door and was putting the keys in the candy bowl on the hallway table next to the door. He was almost as tall as the door, and right now, he looked almost as wide. 

She took a deep breath and plunged forth, “Christian. I want a divorce.” There. She’d done it. Now all she had to do was wait for his reaction. He didn’t say anything. Just stood by the table like a giant statue. Ella waited for what seemed like hours, but couldn’t have been more than a few seconds.

Then she whispered, “Christian. Please, say something.”

Still, he said nothing. Ella took a tiny step forward. And then he spoke.

“Is this a joke, Ella?” He asked. His voice was low, but a vein ticked away at his temple and his eyes were pinned on her. 

“N...no. I don’t think…”

“What the fuck don’t you think? Huh? You think this is a fucking joke?” He roared, and Ella took a few hasty steps back. 

“Christian. Don’t be angry, please. I…” Ella tried again. 

“What should I do, then? Roll over like a fucking pussy and let you go ahead with this stupidity?”

“No. I just want you to stay calm and think about this. We sort of married each other because our fam…”

“Don’t bring anyone else into this. We married each other because we love each other. Since when have you been thinking about this? Is it about children? You don’t want children, is that it?” He asked. 

The boulder on Ella’s chest eased just a little bit. He was trying to understand her reasons for asking for a divorce. That had to be a good sign, right? 

“No. It’s just that I feel like I am always walking on eggshells around you. I never know what will upset you and it keeps me stressed all the time,” she paused wondering if he was going to interrupt again. But he seemed to just stand there, looking at her. His arms loose by his side, his legs shoulder apart. One thing she couldn’t be fooled about, though. And that was his readiness to act. He was quick, very quick. 

When he said nothing, she continued, “Christian...”

That’s when he put his hand up and she fell silent.

“No,” he said and started walking away, his long strides eating up the distance. 

Ella hurried after him, “No. Wait. What do you mean…?”

“Don’t make me repeat myself, Ella,” he interrupted. “I said no. We are not going to get a divorce.”

“Then let’s talk to someone. Let someone help you not get so angry so quickly,” she pleaded.

“Ella.” It was a warning that had her stomach twist into ugly knots. He continued on towards their bedroom.

She hurried after him. He had to understand. Had to. She couldn’t bring a child into this. “Christian. If we are planning a baby, you’ll need to control your temper,” desperation drove Ella to insist against her better judgement. She did heed her better judgment, though, stopping at the threshold of their bedroom. If she was poking a lion, the least she could do was not be in the same room as him. 

For such a large man, Christian was incredibly fast. He’d pulled her in, slammed the bedroom door shut and pinned her to the door within the space of a blink of an eye. His fingers dug into her shoulders as he leaned into her, “You saying I’m a fucking lunatic? You saying I need to go to a quack?”

Ella took a deep breath. Desperately trying to keep the tremble from her voice, she said, “I don’t think you’re crazy. I don’t want you to scare our baby like you just scared me.”

Just as quickly as he’d pinned her to the door, he released her. With a vicious curse he stalked further into the room. 

Ella gathered her scattered wits, then let herself out of the bedroom, fully intending to leave the house when he said, “Step out of this house, Ella and you will not like what happens next.”

Ella stopped in her tracks. Her heart was thundering in her ears and her throat had gone bone dry. She didn’t want to provoke him any further. 

“Come to bed, now,” he ordered. And she’d followed.

2019 January, 10. New York City
It was only after he’d gone back to his final posting in Africa that she’d had the courage to tell her mom and dad about his behavior and ask for their help in getting away from him. She’d never forget the way her mom had broken down that night, the guilt that had painted her every word since that day. 

Now that Christian very likely found her after two years, would he understand? She’d find that out soon enough. But this time she was not going to run. She’d stay and fight her fight. Mind made up, she cocooned herself in her fluffy onesie and slipped into bed.






Twelve


2019 January, 10. New York City
James picked up the phone before the first ring had rung out. The call barely lasted for a few minutes. Just long enough for the Squad Leader to check if James had any last minute updates, decline his offer of standing digital sentry and signed off. Not that he had expected any different. He’d eat his hair the day he met a soldier who wasted words, especially when on a mission. 

His gaze flicked to the camera trained at the shop. All was dark and quiet, as it should be at nine on a winter’s night. His feet were itching to go to her door and find out if she was back home. If she was okay. He chose the less intrusive option and switched to the feed on her floor. Nothing. He leaned back in his chair so that it lifted off its front legs and linked his fingers behind his head. 

Ella Bridges-Hoover. What is your secret?

With a thud, his chair came back to rest on all four legs and his fingers flew onto his keyboard. How could he have been such a fool? Twenty minutes later, he was staring at pictures of the penthouse owned by Ella Hoover three blocks over from the Hoover Towers. He dialed the Squad Leader’s phone. They needed to know of this location. 

“Squad Leader Jones,” the voice scratched over the line. 

“There’s a third possible location. I’ve sent you the details and will keep feeding in as I get more.” 

“Fuck! That’s more than last minute, man,” Squad Leader Jones grumbled, but recovered in the next instant. “Are you still up to recce for us?”

“Yes. I already have an in on the networks at Hoover’s office and home. I can get an in on the apartment network by the time you guys get there,” James said. 

“Good. I’ll get Sparky to patch you in on our comms when we get there and we’ll strike all three places at the same time,” Jones announced and signed off. 

James got himself a banana, and settled down for a night of action. It was going to be an exciting but long night. It wasn’t a difficult mission - for a squad of marines. All they had to do was install a few electronic bugs in Hoover’s office, his home and now the apartment they’d found he owned in his wife’s name. But it was an important mission. They were quickly running out of time and needed to determine whether or not Hoover was the traitor. If he were the finger-crossing type, he’d cross his fingers and hope they found something to implicate Hoover after tonight’s mission. He had no other suspect if this one turned out to be a false lead. 

As it turned out, the night was neither overly long, nor exciting, as the squad of six divided itself into three pairs and took care of business at each of the three locations. James had been patched into their comms before they landed in Salt Lake City. When the insertion began at two a.m. everything was so quiet, it almost felt like a drill. No, worse. Their drills were far more exciting than slipping into a room, placing the bugs and slipping out.

The whole exercise was over in well under an hour and the team was back on their way to base at Fort Bragg and James was tossing and turning in his bed, his thoughts having gone back to the troublesome Ella. He needed to figure out what happened with her tomorrow. Make sure she was alright. 

2019 January, 11. New York City
As usual, Ella woke up just before the alarm went off and was in her kitchen. Humming to Michael Buble’s “I just haven’t met you yet”, she picked up her mixing bowl, excited for the day ahead. It’s amazing how uncomplicated life is when you have a plan. After moping around for a while that Christian had found her, she felt light as a feather the moment she made up her mind about staying put and fighting for her freedom. She googled self-defense classes near her and made an appointment to see Gina at the ‘Awareness for Women’. 

She was under no illusion that the self-defense training would help her against Christian if he decided to force her. But after the stunt James had pulled, she realized she needed to know how to deal with jerks if she were to live by herself. Her eyes drifted to the darkness outside at the thought, almost expecting to see James’ large figure framed by the door. He was a mystery she wasn’t sure she wanted to solve. 

He clearly knew something about her past and yet had almost looked sorry for upsetting her. If he were working for Christian, he didn’t have to go through the facade of faking a chance meeting with her; didn’t need to get personally invested in her. But he certainly looked involved. Ella shook her head, hoping the confusing thoughts would scatter away into the cold air. 

She was ready for her hot bath by the time the store bell dinged, followed by a cheerful, “Hey there!”

Ella hung her apron up and lowered herself to the first chair Tilly pulled out, “Hey yourself!”

“How’d it go yesterday? Did you really, truly shop till you dropped? Where did you go shopping?” Tilly fired away. 

Ella snorted her disgust, “I hate shopping and my hot bath with my bath salts is better than that atrociously expensive spa treatment I subjected myself to yesterday.”

“Oookay then. Maybe next time try going to a movie to relax,” Tilly suggested, desperately trying to keep a straight face. She lost the battle when Ella threw a glare her way, easily cutting through Tilly’s fake attempt at not having fun at her friend’s expense. 

“I don’t know, Tilly,” Ella sighed. “I am starting to realize I’ve never really had fun by myself. It feels like I really don’t know what sort of fun I like to have.”

Tilly placed the last group of table and chairs and sat down next to Ella, “You know I am here anytime you feel like sharing anything, right? I don’t know what or who you are running from, but I hope you know you can trust me.”

Ella’s eyes snapped up and she closed her mouth without saying anything. Finally, all she managed was a whisper, “What do you mean?”

“It didn’t take me, or Joe, long to figure out you were running, Ella. A few weeks tops. You have no friends here, so it was clear to us that you didn’t grow up around here. It’s been two years since you rented this shop and none of your family has visited you since. You know almost everything about me, my family and yet I don’t even know where you are from,” Tilly stopped for a breath. “It doesn’t take a genius to figure out why you don’t ever talk about your past, Ella.

Ella’s eyes filled up despite herself and she looked away, blinking hard to keep the tears from spilling. Oh! How she missed mum and dad. And Aunty Tamara. They’d all had to lie to Christian. To pretend they didn’t know where she was. She would be almost relieved if Christian actually found her. At least she could meet her family. 

Mozart’s symphony no. 40 broke the spell that had fallen over the two girls with its gentle swells. “Hello?” Ella answered her phone. “Oh, hey Grace!”

Tilly watched Ella’s face go from happy, if a little bit confused, to shocked and terrified. She strained her ears to catch any snippets of what the real-estate agent was saying that had scared Ella so much.

“You can’t be serious!” Ella whispered. 

Well, hell! That didn’t help Tilly at all. But then Ella simply pulled the phone from her ear and held it to her chest. 

“Ella?”

Ella turned unseeing eyes to her friend and struggled to come to grips with the bomb Grace had dropped. Tilly waited patiently for her to arrange her thoughts and explain what happened.

Ella pushed out of the chair, walked to the sink and filled herself a glass of water from the fountain. She wished she had a stronger drink on hand, much stronger. But clear, cold water would have to do. She took a long swallow before turning to her friend. 

“We have to vacate the premises in a week,” Ella said, her voice flat, dead.

“What?” She winced at Tilly’s outraged shriek. 

Tilly’s eyes bored into hers as if waiting for more. She shook her head, “That’s it. Grace didn’t give a reason why.”

Tilly slid her fingers through her hair and got up from the chair. The silence in the store was painful before Tilly broke it. Her voice clear, confident, she said, “Don’t worry, Ella. We’ll figure something out. Can you show me the lease contract before you go into your bath?”

Ella shrugged before turning to the exit at the back. He knew. It had to be! So, James did work for Christian. A brittle laugh escaped her parched lips as she let herself into her apartment. And here she was, trying to convince herself that James was sorry for upsetting her. He was just a consummate actor. No. Sadistic was what he was. He could’ve simply spotted her and reported back to his boss. He didn’t need to talk to her, take her out for dinner. Didn’t need to act like he gave a shit with all that ‘take self-defense classes’ nonsense.

She pulled out the contract and returned back to hand it to Tilly, “Don’t waste too much time on it, Tilly. It won’t matter in the end.”

“You can’t just give up, Ella. There has to be something here that protects your rights as a tenant. Something that we can use to make Grace change her mind. They can’t just kick us out without any notice!” Tilly’s chocolate eyes sparked with fury. 

Ella wanted to go back to her apartment and curl up and cry. But she couldn’t leave Tilly to waste time which was better spent on something else. Anything else. She flipped the sign on the door back to ‘Closed’ and gently pulled Tilly to a chair. Taking a deep breath, she prepared to share the truth with Tilly. Well, a part of it. Enough to impress upon her indignant friend the futility of trying to fight the issue. She wasn’t sure how she’d do it, but she was going to give it a shot.

“It’s no use, Tilly, trust me,” Ella began and winced at how stupid the statement sounded. Like her genius friend was going to be convinced with that lame excuse. Tilly’s delicately raised brow confirmed her suspicion. 

Ella decided to start over again, “I know who is behind this outrage. He has paid off the outstanding rent and forced the owner’s hand. Either that, or he knows the owner and if that’s the case, then the owner is just ‘helping a friend out’.”

The second brow joined Tilly’s first one and she said, “Do you realize you are not making any sense?”

Ella sighed. It looked like there was no way around this, other than coming out with a much larger chunk of the truth. “I know. I’m sorry. Maybe this time I’ll make sense. As you’ve already figured out, I’m running from someone. My husband. He’s probably one of the richest men in the country. And now he has found me. This is his way of forcing me to return to him. This goes well above Grace’s pay grade. Somewhere way high up, someone has either been given an obscene amount of money, or a favor has been called in to make sure I am evicted. There really is no point in trying to fight this, Tilly.”

Tilly opened her mouth, closed it and opened it again. But no words made it out for some time, until finally, “Are you going to give up and go back to him?”

Ella lifted a shoulder, “No. I may go back to him to convince him to let me go. But I won’t go back to being his wife.”

“Why did he agree to the divorce if he meant to come after you?” Tilly asked, trying to make sense of the small backstory her friend had given her. 

“He didn’t. That’s why I ran.” 

“Okay,” Tilly said, clamping her lower lip under her teeth. “I am assuming you are going to have to let your apartment go along with the shop?”

Ella nodded. 

“Move in with me, then. We’ll figure the rest out eventually,” Tilly said.






Thirteen


2019 January, 11. New York City
Ella wasn’t going to move in with Tilly, but that was an argument for later. She looked over Tilly’s shoulder and saw a couple in the street approaching the shop. She pushed herself off the chair and muttered, “Might as well open up shop. We’ll think about this later.”

Tilly seemed onboard with the plan because she was promptly at the coffee machine, running the cleaning cycle and refilling the beans. Half-way into the morning rush, Tilly asked, “Don’t you want to go up, take a nap?”

“I won’t be able to sleep. But I will go and soak up a bit. This morning bath has me hooked,” Ella said.

An hour later, she was back in the shop, helping Tilly clean up after the breakfast rush. “I googled shops for rent near here when I was upstairs. There is nothing. Nothing at all,” she said as she wiped up the last table. 

“I gave Joe a call,” Tilly admitted, her eyes searching Ella’s for a reaction. When Ella opened her mouth, Tilly hurried on, “I can explain. I thought he might know someone, he grew up around here. Maybe he could talk to some…” She trailed off, twisting the wipe in her hands until it was dripping on the floor. “You aren’t angry, I went behind your back, are you? I wasn’t trying to go…” Once again she stopped mid-sentence. 

But this time because Ella had pulled her into a hug, and was saying, “Oh! Thank you, Tilly, for being such a good friend.”

Tilly took her first deep breath since Ella had come back from her bath and said, “He said he’d come in early today. Then we can sit down and see if we can find a solution to this.”

“Okay,” Ella agreed and the two women quickly cleaned up the shop, looking forward to the break between the breakfast and lunch crowds. Ella looked up from behind the coffee machine, where she was making coffee and hot chocolate for Tilly and herself, when the door dinged. She was going to hate moving out of this fantastic location where even the slow times were not really slow. Like the time between breakfast and lunch!

The smile slipped from her lips the moment she noticed the person striding into the shop like he owned it. She knew her face reflected the terror she felt on seeing James. Maybe she wouldn’t even get the one week to make up her mind. Maybe he was here to take her back to Christian right now. 

She stole a quick glance at Tilly and was shocked when she took a step forward, her hands fisted by her side. The woman was actually trying to look threatening! On any other day, Ella would’ve found it funny. Tilly might have a few inches in height on her, but she was no match for the man blocking the door at that moment. And yet, there she stood with her hands on her hips, ready to shoo him out if he so much as looked like he wanted to stay. 

Throwing a carelessly brilliant smile Tilly’s way, he sauntered in and said, “I’ll have my usual, Ella. Thanks.” The ‘thanks’ at the end did nothing to conceal the fact that it was, in fact, an order.

Tilly threw a murderous glare his way and stomped over to Ella, “You go on and sit down with your drink. I’ll get his highness his order!”

“That’s my girl,” he said as he winked at Tilly, barely keeping the chuckle out of his voice and followed Ella to her table. 

“Please, James. Can you just take your coffee out?” Ella asked, desperate to get him out of the shop and groaned out loud when he ignored her and took a chair opposite her. 

With his elbows on the table, he clasped his hands together and asked, “How have you been, Ella?”

She leaned back in her chair, giving herself some space and said, “It’s really not any of your business.” 

“Look, I am sorry for mucking up the other night. I shouldn’t have pried. Can you forgive me, please?” 

Ella’s brows drew together as she looked into his grey eyes, trying to find the lie and failing to see any in their quiet depths. His eyes were like the deepest grey ocean on a cloudy day. Calm, but with a clear hint of the storm to come. She wondered what storm he was thinking up even as he asked for her forgiveness.

“What do you mean? What did you do the other night?” Tilly hissed as she banged his coffee in front of him and pulled up a chair for herself. 

He turned to her but didn’t say anything while his eyes assessed her. Finally, he said, “Nothing. I want to get to know her and possibly pushed her too hard to share. I just want to know her last name, damn it!”

Ella closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead. The man was giving her a headache. Why did he insist on carrying on with the facade, especially now that Christian had her backed up against a wall?

Before any of them could break the thick tension wrapped around the little shop, the back door rolled up and Joe’s voice boomed in, “What the hell is all this about? How can they just ask you to...” He stopped abruptly as he took in James sitting with the women.

“What the fuck are you doing here?” He was glad to have found a ready mark for his anger. 

“Easy, man. There are women here,” James poured a little more gas into the fire and smirked when Joe clamped his lips together. 

James trained his eyes back on Ella, “What’s he talking about?”

It was getting claustrophobic in the small shop, despite the walls of glass looking onto the bustling street. A couple of women walked by, sharing a laugh and seemingly without a worry in the world, and Ella wanted to break something at the unfairness of it all. 

“Again, James, not your business,” Ella snapped instead. 


James got up, looming over the women and shooting a glance at Joe, “I’d have liked to talk to you alone, but I doubt your entourage is going to let that happen.”

He looked at the two offending parties, hoping they’d take the hint and leave. For some reason, he was actually glad when the two stood, or sat as was the case with the girl, Tilly, their ground. These were good friends Ella had and for that alone, he’d suffer them. 

“There is clearly some problem here. And considering all three of you are upset, I am assuming it is something to do with the shop,” he threw the line out there to see what the bait caught. Elly’s gasp, Tilly’s narrowed eyes and Joe’s arms crossed over his chest - good signs all of them. One of them was bound to crack and spill. 

“I see. Is there a problem paying the rent? Is the shop in the red?” He put a hand up as soon as Ella opened her mouth, to let out an angry denial, no doubt. “I can help. I want to help. If your business is in trouble, you need to let go of your pride and get the help that I am offering.”

Both Tilly and Joe looked to Ella. Something in his voice must’ve told them he meant what he said. He waited for Ella to make up her mind. He wasn’t going to force the issue if she didn’t spill voluntarily. He was more than happy to get what he wanted in other ways. He pointedly ignored the proverbial angel on his shoulder which was prompt in pointing out that he’d been spying on her without any scruples lately. She’s bloody married to Hoover. I’d be a fool not to find out as much as I can about her. Yes, that made sense.

He knew he’d won when Ella stood up and turned to Tilly and Joe. “Guys, I am sorry,” she said. “I don’t think he is going to leave until he gets what he wants. I’ll be back in a bit.”

“Ella. You know you don’t owe him an explanation,” Joe cautioned. 

The despair in her beautiful green eyes when they lifted to Joe’s nearly brought James to his knees. But he wasn’t about to concede his hard won victory now. 

“I’ll bring my coat,” she said, walking past Tilly and Joe.

Joe was in James’s face as soon as she disappeared out the door, “You hurt her, and I promise you’ll pay for it!”

“I won’t hurt her. I meant it when I said I want to help her,” James said, holding Joe’s gaze until the man was satisfied. He nodded to Ella’s friends before stepping out after Ella. With his hand at the small of her back, he led her towards 5th Avenue and Central Park.

She waited until they were a few feet from the shop before looking up at him, “What do you want from me?”

“As I said back in your shop, I want to help you. The way all three of you are worried, I can see something is wrong with the business,” James said. 

She rounded on him, green eyes smoldering, “Will you stop lying? Why pretend you want to help when you are the one responsible for the problem in the first place? What kind of game are you playing?”

To say he was shocked would’ve been a gross understatement. And he was sure she could’ve seen it on his face had she been able to see through the mist of tears that had pooled in her eyes which were spitting fire not a second ago. 

Gently, he grabbed her arm and pulled her back to him, “Care to explain?” 

A bitter laugh escaped her rose-petal lips and her voice broke when she said, “Go to hell!”

“Ella. Explain what you mean by I caused the problem.” 

“Okay. I’ve been asked to vacate within a week,” she said flatly. 

“Is your lease ending? Why do you have only one week?” What little conscience James had left after the horrors of Afghanistan cringed at the lies he was heaping on her. But he couldn’t very well tell her he knew everything about her! Including this very recent development.

“Oh, please! Give me some credit, James. You knew he’d pull something like this to bring me back the moment you told Christian where I was,” she spat, bitterness coloring her voice. 

He nearly tripped at her shock declaration. She didn’t wait for him to say anything and went on, “You can stop pretending now. I know you know who I am. I don’t know if you are working for Christian, or if you are his friend, doing him a favor by helping him find his wife. I also don’t know why you still insist on continuing the pretense, but please, leave me alone.” She let out a shuddering breath. It’d clearly cost her dearly to lay it all out for him. 

He couldn’t believe what he was hearing. For one, she knew he knew who she was. But more importantly, she thought he’d told Hoover where she was. Meaning she really had been running from her husband and now Hoover had found her. But how? He realized he’d taken too long to respond when she pulled her arm free and started walking away. 

“Wait. Walk with me,” he curled his fingers around her arm and pulled her back. “I didn’t tell him where you are. I also don’t work for Hoover. Trust me.” He wanted to bite his tongue as soon as the words tripped out. Trust you, yeah right. Like you deserve it! The good guy on his shoulder helped him out. As did her empty chuckle. 

“Yes, okay. I can see you don’t want to trust me. But believe me when I say I want to help you,” he insisted.

She shrugged and started walking. “In fact, I can tell you there’s a shop just like yours right around here,” he said when he realized they were nearly at his building. “Give me your phone number, I’ll get my concierge to get the agent to give you a call,” he said, pulling his phone out. 

“If you don’t work for Christian, how do you know about me? How do you know him?” She asked. 

“Look, how about we first talk to the agent and see if we can sort this lease issue out? Then I’ll fess up. Everything. I promise. Now, do you want to talk to the agent right now?”

She shook her head, “It’s no use. He’ll be here soon enough.”

James’s temper snapped at the defeat that rang clear in her voice, “So what? You’re simply going to pack up and go back with him? I don’t know why you left him, but if it was just because you needed a break from him, that’s fucking selfish of you! And if it was because he’s a jerk, then you are a bloody coward!”






Fourteen


2019 January, 11. New York City
“How dare you!” she screeched and turned around so fast, if not for James’s superlative training, he’d have been sporting a red cheek. She’d put all her body behind the slap intended for his cheek and would’ve left a print if he’d not grabbed her wrist a millimeter from his face. 

“Let me go, you...foul man!” she hissed, trying to pull her hand free. 

It was just as well they were right outside of his building, otherwise, he’d have had to deal with some Good Samaritan come to her rescue. He kept a hold of her wrist and pulled her into the foyer of his own building. Her effort to stay outside was commendable, but ultimately futile. 

“Let go of me,” she cried again, trying to dig her heels in on the smooth floor and twisting to wrench her arm free from his grip. He tightened his fingers around her slim wrist until she gasped in pain. The small sound snapped him into the present. He loosened his hold on her instantly. Though nowhere near enough for her to get free. 

Fortunately, the concierge was unattended. He picked her up, slung her over his shoulder and punched the button for his private elevator. They needed to have a conversation, and they needed to have it in a safe and secure environment, where she could shout and hit at him without him having to worry about onlookers.

She rained blows at his back and he didn’t have the heart to tell her how ineffectual they were. She did get a kick in on his nuts, though. Luckily for the both of them, the kick didn’t have any impact as he had his arm around the back of her knees. He moved his arm further down to completely arrest the movement of her legs and prevent a further assault on his balls.

She went completely quiet and still at the whoosh of the elevator doors and he wondered why she’d dropped her struggle. Not that he wasn’t glad about that. It was a lot tougher dealing with all her wiggling and he didn’t want to be thinking about a hard-on when trying to figure this mess out. 

He stepped into the foyer of his home and took her straight into the living room before setting her down. He kept his hold on her and said, “I‘m now going to let you go. But before I do, understand that although you are not a prisoner here, you won’t be able to go until I allow it. Which will not be until we’ve straightened this confusion out.”

The moment he let go of her, she put distance between them and asked, “If I can’t leave when I want to, I’m a prisoner.”

He shrugged, “Be that as it may. I brought you here so we can talk about this mess. Peacefully.”

She gently rubbed her wrist where he’d grabbed her and took another couple of steps back, stopping only when the back of her legs hit the coffee table in the center of the room. In one large step, he was on her and before she could protest he had her hand in his. James winced at the angry red welts on her wrist, marks he’d left when he’d caught her hand. It was going to bruise. 

“I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he said. “But if you haven’t already figured out, I’m a soldier. We’re taught to react in a split second to unexpected threats. That’s the only way to make sure we come back home. When you raised your hand to me, my training took over and I reacted to neutralize the threat...” He wanted to assure her he’d try to control his reactions but stopped when a dry laugh escaped her lips. 

“Are you telling me you see me as a threat?” she asked, incredulity lacing her words. 

“No. As I said, I wasn’t thinking at that time, I was reacting. It won’t happen again.”

“Oh! So if I try to slap you now, you will not crush my hand?”

“N-” His answer was cut short as she raised her hand and slapped him across his face. He’d seen it coming and had to grit his teeth to make sure he didn’t stop her.

Her eyes grew huge in her face and she clamped a hand over her mouth. “Oh my God! I am sorry. I didn’t...I was just...I’m sorry,” she finished softly. 

He nodded and turned to the kitchen area of the huge open plan living room, “Come.” He didn’t wait for her to follow him, knowing well that she’d not defy him. The woman was beautifully submissive. If he were into BDSM he’d be thrilled to have her as his own sub. Pity, he wasn’t. Of course, that didn’t mean he didn’t want her hot and bothered underneath him. Maybe even tied to his bed. Now that was a thought. 

He opened up the cabinet behind the marble island counter and pulled out a block of chocolate. He could feel her curious eyes follow him as she settled herself on one of the bar chairs at the island. She watched as he collected a saucepan, cream and milk from the fridge. 

Finally, she couldn’t keep it in, “What are you doing?”

“If I remember correctly, you don’t drink coffee? And I need a drink right now, and I am making you one too.”

“You’re making hot chocolate?” There was a curious mix of surprise, shock and wonder in her voice. She looked breathtaking with her eyes large with astonishment and a small smile playing on her lips. 

“With a healthy dash of Irish cream. Do you like Irish cream?” James asked. 

***

“Yes. Thank you. But why are you doing all this?” She would’ve loved to pretend he was just a normal guy and she, a regular girl, and this a normal date. But it wasn’t. She’d do well to remember that this guy had ratted her out to her husband and he would be on her any day. She wasn’t stupid to believe when he said he’d nothing to do with Christian. 

He sighed, his eyes fixed on the pan with the gently bubbling mix of dark chocolate and cream. “Give me a few minutes,” he said while adding milk to the melted chocolate. Within moments he was adding a generous dash of Irish cream to the steaming hot chocolate and pouring it into a tumbler. He placed the hot chocolate in front of her and she nearly drooled onto the pristine marble bench. 

He strode to the minibar at the other end of the room, poured himself a couple of fingers of a rich golden liquid and motioned for her to join him as he settled himself into one the giant armchairs in the room. She chose the couch for the simple reason that it ensured a large distance between herself and the man who had betrayed her. 

“Okay. As you’ve already figured out, I know you are Christian Hoover’s wife. I knew it before we went out to dinner, but not before I asked you out. But,” he held up a hand as she opened her mouth to say something. “But, I don’t know him. I still don’t know why you are hiding from him and why you aren’t divorced. Whatever the case may be, he didn’t get your address from me.”

Ella looked at him. At his eyes, at the easy grace with which he was lounging on the large chair, and found herself believing him. She took a fortifying sip of her hot chocolate and closed her eyes, a moan of pleasure escaping her lips before she could stifle it. “This is divine! Thank you!”

“I am glad you like it. Now, tell me what has the three of you stressed today?” He asked.

And just like, that the pleasure was wiped away. She couldn’t possibly trust him, could she? She frowned, “How did you find out about me, exactly?” That’s it. Whatever it was that allowed James to find her, the same thing must’ve helped Christian find her. 

“Oh, it wasn’t easy! Don’t worry, it wasn’t because of any hole in your cover that I found you. That much I can tell you, but I can’t tell you exactly how I found you. I am also 99 percent positive that is not how Hoover found you either.”

She closed her eyes. This whole thing was giving her a headache and though the fantastic hot chocolate helped, it didn’t do much for her headache. She decided to keep it vague, “I’ve been asked to vacate my shop and apartment by the end of the week.”

“And you think Hoover has something to do with it.” 

It wasn’t a question, yet Ella found herself nodding. 

“Well, the issue with your lease is easily sorted. As you can see all these buildings are quite similar in age and architecture. There is a shop and apartment in this building, which I happen to know for sure, is vacant at the moment. I will put you through to the real estate agent who manages the shop and you can sort the rest out with her.”

Ella opened her mouth and closed it again for lack of words. She had no idea what to say to this. Just like that, almost like with a snap of his fingers, her biggest problem could be solved. But did she trust him?

He must’ve read the doubt on her face, for he said, “Look, what do I have to gain from telling you about this shop? Besides, if you want to go back with him, you can always refuse this offer. Now, do you, or don’t you want to talk to the agent?”

She struggled to find a reason why James would want to help her if he was indeed working for Christian. And he’d already said he didn’t even know Christian. She placed her mug on the coffee table and lifted her eyes to him, “Yes. I want to talk to the agent.”

In a flash, he had his phone out and was punching the agent’s number in. He held the phone out to her as soon as he heard the ring. Ten minutes later as she returned the phone back to him, she couldn’t help but wonder how easy it had been. The rent was almost the same as her current one, in spite of the fact that this was a way better location, right off of 5th Avenue, it practically sat opposite Central Park. 

“I don’t know how to thank you. This was almost too easy to be real,” she admitted, narrowing her eyes.

“Go out with me this Saturday. I know you don’t work Saturdays.”

“I can’t. Not this Saturday. I have the move to make, remember?”

“Oh, don’t worry about it. We’ll all help you move, Buzz, Legend, me and your two friends. We’ll get it all done in half a day. You’ll be free on Saturday. Trust me.”

Her lips formed a silent ‘O’ as she looked for something to say. But he didn’t give her time to come up with a response. 

“Alright then. It’s settled. When do you sign the new lease?”

“In an hour. She is happy to come to my shop to get the formalities done, so I don’t even have to go to her office.” She was positively giddy. She could stand up to Christian and his bullying now. He was going to be shocked when she didn’t return back, or run away, with her tail tucked away between her legs. She was going to make her stand here, in her shop and she was going to get her life back from him!






Fifteen


2019 January, 11. New York City
“Gurrl...what were you thinking?” Ella winced as Tilly’s screech rang in her ears and rattled around in her brain. 

“It’s not like I had much of a choice. He actually put me over his shoulder and only let me go when we were inside his apartment. We do almost have a new rental because of the whole thing, though. Besides, I did slap him to show him how angry I was.” Ella lay her arguments down without waiting to draw a breath for fear of Tilly screaming at her again and lifted her eyes to Joe who was leaning against the counter with his hands stuffed in his pockets. 

“She has a point, Tilly.” Ella pulled in a deep breath of relief at the show of support from Joe. 

“See, Joe agrees with me too,” she reinforced. 

“Joe is not a woman who allowed herself to be forced into someone’s apartment. Someone who attacked her and who’s been literally stalking her,” Tilly narrowed her sparkling whiskey brown eyes at her. 

“Joe is also not agreeing with you,” Joe put in. “I think it was way too easy. Shops in this strip of New York don’t just sit empty so you can rent them when you please. Why was this shop empty? How did he know about it? Do you know if there’s another apartment in this building that’s up for lease? This is way too easy to be real. I just haven’t found the catch yet.” 

“Oh! Can’t we just take a bit of good luck for what it is? We sure need it,” Ella threw her hands up in frustration. “Besides, he has explained to me why he attacked me and has also apologized for it. Several times,” she added. When all she got for her defense of James was a raised eyebrow she slumped back in her chair, exasperated, “Oh! Now you see what you’ve done? You have me defending him!”

“Precisely my point,” Tilly replied, hands on her hips in triumph. “You are being totally irrational here.”

“Tilly, sit down and think about this for a moment.” It looked like Joe had decided to take charge of the situation and though he was a good five or so years younger than Ella, she was happy to let him manage the troublesome Tilly.

Tilly didn’t sit down as instructed, but didn’t say anything either, so Joe continued, “Our biggest problem right now was that we had to vacate this shop and apartment within a week. There is no way we’d have gotten anything to rent at such a short notice, let alone nearby. So, as suspect as it sounds we should roll with this.”

“Suspect is far too tame a word for this. I am sure the guy is setting Ella up,” Tilly grumbled. “But you are right, we can’t pass up on this offer.” She turned her glare back at Ella and she had the most uncontrollable urge to roll her eyes, which she did just as Tilly’s voice grew again, “And you said he and his friends are going to help us move? How very kind of them!”

There was a sharp rap at the door which effectively put the next installment of the argument to rest. At least for some time. Ella had no doubt it would come up in the near future. She was glad for the reprieve regardless. Tilly could be pretty tiresome sometimes. She’d certainly make a cracking lawyer!

The sharply dressed, no-nonsense agent who introduced herself as Sujata Sharma had the paperwork completed in record time. She even handed Ella the keys to the shop and apartment. 

“Let’s go. I will show you the shop and the apartment. It is pretty much exactly the same as what you have here. These buildings were built around the same time and are very similar in their layout,” Sujata explained just as briskly as she led Ella out of the shop and towards her sleek Mercedes C class coupe.

“You are really lucky to get this one. It’s a fantastic location, better than this one, I might add. Normally, these little holes in the wall are never vacant, but for some reason the landlord decided to leave it be,” she paused, presumably for a breath of air. The girl’s lungs had to be phenomenal for the amount of talking she got done in one breath. Her voice was softly husky. Like ‘bedroom eyes’, if there was anything like a ‘bedroom voice’, hers would be it, Ella supposed. 

“And then for some reason he decided to rent it,” Sujata continued. Her delicate shrug, the smirk turning her lips upward on one side and twinkling raven black eyes all told Ella what she thought of the landlord - he was crazy. Sujata, on the other hand, was an incredibly good salesperson. She kept up a steady chit-chat, almost forcing Ella to like her. By the time she parked her car, she’d managed to understand what Ella liked or disliked in her current location and also managed to convince her that anything she liked in the old place, she’d find to her liking in the new one. Which Ella seriously doubted, but by now she liked Sujata enough to like the new place for her sake!

There was nothing to like, or dislike in the new place, given that it was pretty much exactly like her old one. So, it wasn’t long before Ella was heading back with a signed contract and a spring in her steps.

Her fingers crossed behind her back, she pushed the door to the shop in and let out an invisible sigh of relief when she saw a happy smile on Tilly’s face instead of the ferocious frown she’d left with. With a quick nod of thanks to Joe for calming her over-protective friend, Ella waited until the bunch of customers had all been dispatched with their orders and then dangled the keys in front of Joe and Tilly. She knew she was also sporting a silly grin, but boy, was she happy today!

Joe gave her a huge hug, lifting her feet clear off the floor in the process and then proceeded to do the same to Tilly. “This calls for a celebration, ladies!” He declared.

“I take it the new lease has been signed, then?” 

On a synchronized groan the girls turned around and glared at the owner of the voice.

“Don’t you have anything better to do than pop up here uninvited?” Tilly asked.

“You do know your celebration is because of me?” James raised an eyebrow at Tilly. “If it weren’t for me, you’d still be moping about. So from now on you need to be polite to me,” he added.

“Like hell, I’ll be polite to you!” Tilly replied fiercely.

But James had already turned to Ella, “Hello, neighbor!”

Ella rolled her eyes, “Sujata forgot to mention the biggest snag in renting that space.”

“Sujata is a sweetheart. You girls would do well to take some tips from her on how to keep your customers happy. Word-of-mouth, repeat business and all that is not just rot, you know,” James suggested and turned to Joe without giving either of the women a chance for a comeback. “So, where are we celebrating?”

“Any suggestions?” Joe asked, his eyes narrowed in thought. 

***

James hadn’t expected to be impressed yet again by the young man. He couldn’t be more than 21, but he definitely had a good head on his shoulders. “Good decision, Joe,” James said with a slight nod. “We’ll head back to The Magic Room. I like the place. Are you guys okay with that?”

“No, we’re most certainly not,” Tilly hissed.

“We’re good. 7 pm?” Joe asked.

She rounded on Joe, “What the hell are you doing, Joe. We’re not including him in our celebration!” Turning to Ella, she continued, “Why aren’t you saying anything, Ella?”

“If we don’t take him with us tonight, I’ll have to buy him a thank you champagne or something,” Ella said simply. 

“7 pm it is,” James agreed with a casual salute, ignoring Tilly’s groan. He was at the door when he remembered the peace offering he’d brought with him. Turning around, he unzipped his bomber jacket and whipped out a laminated sign. “I almost forgot to give you this. Here,” he thrust it at Ella.

Ella’s hand crept forward as if she was worried whatever he was handing her was going to blow up in her face. He sure hoped it blew her mind, though. It was a stroke of genius. The small perfect ‘O’ her sweet lips made it all worth the trouble. 

“We’re moving down the street, to 12 E79th Street,” Ella read the sign and then looked up at him. 

He shrugged and admitted, “Sujata called me after you signed the lease. I thought you’d need this.”

“Well, I’ll be damned,” Tilly breathed and he was sure that was as close to acceptance as he would get from that one for a long time. 

“That was very thoughtful, thank you,” Ella murmured. 

“See you guys at 7,” James threw over his shoulder as he let himself out. “Let me know if you need a lift.” There was no answer to that, not that he’d expected any. He was happy with the brownie points the sign had got for him.

“What were you even thinking, Joe?” Tilly turned on Joe before the door had closed on James’ back.

“Look, Ella is moving into the building where he lives. She is bound to run into him more often than not. I for one want to spend some time around him to make sure he won’t pull another stunt like the last one.”

Joe’s explanation took the wind out of Tilly’s sails, “I guess it makes sense. I still don’t like him and I still think this is all a bit too convenient.”

Ella placed a gentle hand on Tilly’s arm, “Tilly, let’s forget all this for tonight and just have fun.” 

“You are right. Go on up and try and rest up. Joe and I will take care of here,” Tilly ordered, pushing Ella to the back door.

***

By the time Ella walked into The Magic room, it was throbbing with strobe lights, live music and dancing bodies. Her eyes were still adjusting to the moving patches of light when a firm hand wrapped around her arm and James leaned down to whisper in her ear, “So you decided to be fashionably late?”

She looked up at him and found his eyes devouring her. She had taken more care to dress up tonight than she’d done in years. A fine tremble ran through her when she felt his warm hand on the small of her back left bare by the slinky, gold halter dress. 

“You look stunning,” his warm voice slid over her hyper-sensitive skin and for the tenth time since putting the dress on Ella wondered if she shouldn’t have gone for something that afforded a bit more coverage. But she’d decided to be bold and here she was, fashionably late and dressed to kill. 

She tried to find her friends as she followed James, and wondered if she was the first one to arrive after James. But when James slowed down, she narrowed her eyes and finally picked out Joe, Tilly and the other two men who’d been with James the other night. Her heart picked up in speed when she saw the blond guy throwing ‘cool surfer dude’ vibes. He was the one who’d asked her if she’d been to MIT. 

She took a deep breath and pep talked herself into holding her ground and not turning around and making a run for it. Tilly looked stunning as always. Tonight she was sporting a tiny piece of black cloth in the name of a skirt and a glittering baby pink cami. It showed off her olive complexion, a perfect combination of her father’s ebony and mother’s ivory tones. Her miles long legs looked even longer in the killer heels that were propping her up. Surfer dude looked like he was having difficulty keeping his eyes off Tilly’s toned legs and his hands off of her rich brown curls which she had tamed into an artistically messy bun. 

“Ella! I was starting to think you were going to ditch us,” Tilly screamed over the music.

“Ella, you haven’t met Cathy, Catherine Stevenson,” James introduced the girl sitting next to his other friend, the Ivy-league guy. At least that’s how she remembered him. Just like the other day, the man was sporting a pristine white button down which contrasted beautifully with his rich chocolate skin. Cathy couldn’t have been more different from Will if she’d tried. Where Will’s head was shaved clean, Cathy had silky, almost white blond hair that skimmed her hips and a complexion to match. She smiled, showing her perfect little white teeth and waved.

“And Will, William Smith. We call him Legend. I am not sure if you remember him from the other day,” James continued. 

“Are you saying I am forgettable?” Will’s voice and accent completed his Ivy League image. There was no doubt the man was educated at Harvard with that slick, posh accent.

James ignored the barb and continued on, “And this is Sean Aldrin. We call him Buzz.” Buzz’s only response was a distracted wave as he continued listening to whatever Tilly had to say. 

Ella looked around at the group and realized they seemed at ease with each other. Will and Cathy seemed to be involved in something Joe was saying and that left her feeling like an outsider. She shook the feeling away, determined to have fun. 

“Did you know they all have nicknames?” Tilly asked Ella, her eyes dancing between the three soldiers. 

“I did, actually. Which reminds me,” Ella turned towards James. “What is your nickname?”

“He hasn’t told you his nickname?” Smelling fun to be had, Buzz waded into the conversation.

“It’s not like I was trying to hide it,” James grumbled. 

“No. Just omitting to mention. Anyway, Ella, his nickname is Koopa,” Will helped out. 

Ella burst out laughing, as did Joe. 

“What’s Koopa?” Tilly asked and set out another bout of laughter. 

“Koopa. As in the turtle, in Mario,” Joe tried to explain between peals of laughter. 

“What’s Mario?” Tilly asked again and everyone went quiet. 

“Fuck me! This will take years, but I’m game if you are!” Buzz said, his eyes gleaming with the prospect of tutoring Tilly in all things Mario. 

“Tilly, Mario is a video game. Koopa is a turtle in it. With glasses,” Ella explained, desperately trying to keep her giggles in. There was no way James was anything like a turtle and the irony was just too much. 

“Oh. Oh...I see. That’s cute,” Tilly decided. 

And that did it! James couldn’t contain his groan. Cute was not a word he wanted anywhere near him. 

“Right. Cute, Koopa,” Buzz smirked. 

James turned to Ella, “I think we can leave these lunatics here and go dance. What do you say?” 

“Absolutely. I never thought I’d agree with you ever,” Ella smiled and hooked her arm through James’. Before long, the entire group had joined them on the dance floor. Joe seemed to have found himself a Victoria’s Secret angel and was enjoying himself. Tilly was stuck with Buzz but seemed to have warmed up to him by degrees since their last meeting.

True to their plan, they celebrated well into the night and it was a thoroughly exhausted Ella who flopped onto her bed hours later. She’d almost fallen asleep when the ding of her phone broke through her tiredness. Groaning, she felt around for the instrument and gave up the fight after the words simply ran into each other until all she could see was a streak of blue. Whatever it was, it could wait a few hours.






Sixteen


2019 January, 11. Salt Lake City
Christian pulled the little magic wand he’d procured from his contact at the NSA out of his pocket as soon as he stepped into the apartment. The cleaning company had done a good job of cleaning the mammoth penthouse up. Most importantly, they’d followed the brief to the letter. His bed was once again draped in black, just like he liked it. It made Ella look like the scrumptious feast she was in bed. His fridge was once again stocked with stuff other than beer, as was his pantry. 

He froze at the sharp trill of the super juiced up bug detector. He did this every time he was here - check the apartment for bugs. Never once expecting it to find anything. Today, the little wand proved it was worth the obscene amount of money Christian had shelled out for it. There was no way he could’ve found the tiny bugs embedded deep inside the housing of one of the recessed lights in each of the living areas without the help of the wand. 

He spent the better part of an hour in the apartment, had a beer and left the bugs as they were. The masters of the bugs would get nothing other than the benign sounds of a bachelor’s apartment. 

He picked up the burner phone he used to carry on his own business and called Dave as soon as he eased his car into the late evening traffic. Dave answered on the first ring. “Dave. Did you sweep the apartment when you got there the last time we met?” 

“Absolutely did.”

“Well, the apartment is now burnt. I found a dozen bugs in there today. Dump this phone, send me the new number,” Christian ordered.

“Okay, boss. Talk to you in a couple of hours.”

Some would say Christian was paranoid. They wouldn’t be wrong. Everyone who was involved in the weapons deals Christian made was instructed to use burn phones for all their communications. The burn phones were changed randomly and the new number communicated to everyone on the team via a coded text to their primary phone number. Christian switched his own phone off and threw it out of the car. Almost the next instant it was crushed under the car in the next lane.

Back home, he charged up a new burn phone and called Dave’s new number. “How are we travelling?” 

“All good, boss. Abidullah will be there to greet Captain Valli. The good captain is making good speed. The Fat Albert will make an extra run to drop humanitarian aid into South Sudan to help our friends there, and be at the RVP in time to pick up Abidullah’s loot.” Dave didn’t waste words updating his boss.

“Good. I’ll send you the address to our new HQ after I ring off. Call me if there’s any issues,” Christian said before ending the call. It looked like all the pieces were back in place, in line with the new schedule. The container carrying the rocket launchers and tons of other weaponry was enroute to sail past the Somali coast a week ahead of schedule. The Somali pirate Abidullah had been informed of the updated timeline. Captain Valli’s boat was going to have an unfortunate encounter with notorious Somali pirates and lose all its cargo. A C-130J Hercules owned by H-SLAT would make an extra run from the UNAID camp in Somalia to South Sudan, delivering lifesaving medicines to the war torn nation. It’d also carry a precious cargo of weapons to keep the bloody war going.

It wasn’t a complicated plan per se, the President’s unplanned visit to Africa had made it so. Christian leaned back in the wingback. It was good to have all his ducks back in a row. He closed his eyes. All that was missing now was his lovely wife. It was nearly midnight in New York. His hands tightened on the arms of the chair as he imagined Ella’s slender figure wrapped in a - she’d probably have a girly, pink flowery cover for her quilt. She’d better be still be sleeping in the nude, the way he liked her to, otherwise she was going to have a hard time readjusting in his bed. 

His regular phone vibrated at his hips. With a curse he adjusted his raging cock before answering the call. “What the fuck!” He glared at the pictures that popped up in his message. He jabbed Danny’s number in and barked as soon as the phone clicked on the other end, “Where the fuck is she?” 

“She’s at this club call-”

“I don’t fucking need to know which club, Danny. Who’s the bastard with her?” 

“I’ve seen him for the first time, boss. Will send you the details when I’ve found more,” Danny replied. 

“Roger. Stay on her tail.” Christian killed the call and went back to the photos Danny had sent. She looked stunning in a slinky golden dress that showed more skin than it covered. And she was plastered to some bastard with long hair.

He punched in Ella’s number that Danny had given him and fired off a text. It was time she knew her days as a free woman were at an end!

2019 January, 12. New York City
For the first time in a long while, Ella overslept. And boy! Did it feel good to stretch out the languor from her thoroughly rested muscles. She switched on the coffee machine before heading into the bathroom to start her day off. It was going to be a thoroughly lazy day where she’d do nothing but her shift in the shop and then go for a long walk in Central Park. Maybe feed the ducks. And call mom. It’d been days since she’d spoken to her and far, far too long since she’d seen any of them.

Now that Christian had found her, she almost wished he’d come see her so they could settle everything and she could be free. To see and talk to mom and dad and Aunty Tamara. Pulling her hair up in a ponytail, she pulled out the hot chocolate packet to get her morning fix started. She took in last night’s aftermath around the room, with her dress draped sloppily over the back of the couch, her heels flopped in the hallway. 

Best to start with the coat. It wouldn’t do to have 300 dollars lying around on the floor, after all! Making her way around the room, picking up all the reminders of a wild night, Ella got back to her steaming mug of chocolate with her phone. She couldn’t talk to mom, it was too early on the west coast, but she could always stalk her! 

Settling herself down on the barstool next to the tiny kitchen island, Ella took a sip of her chocolate and swiped at the phone. An iMessage from an unknown number caught her eye. For a heartbeat, her finger hovered over the icon, not ready to open up a message from a stranger. Afraid it wouldn’t be from a stranger at all. She took another sip of her sweet strength and tapped the icon. It was silly, really, to be worried about a message. 

If her chocolate hadn’t already been sitting on the bench, it would’ve crashed to the floor when her eyes settled on an image of herself dancing with James last night. But it was the message under the photo that had her stomach roiling. 

You’d do well to remember you’re still my wife, babe.

How did he get the photo? Was he there? When the message before her started blurring, Ella closed her eyes and forced herself to take a few deep breaths. She’d been so certain James was on the level, especially after he helped her defy Christian’s plan. It had to be one of his friends, then. It couldn’t be the shiny Legend, he just screamed ‘good guy’. The surfer dude then. But after spending time with the three men last night, it was hard to believe any of them could’ve done it.

She pushed the chocolate mug aside and got up. There was no way she was going to be able to drink the rest and keep it in now. Pacing about in the tiny shoebox of an apartment only made her feel more caged. She stripped out of her fluffy onesie and pulled on a pair of track pants, zipped up her hoodie and was outside. She needed fresh air. And freedom. 

She set up a brisk pace towards Central Park, her fingers toying with the phone in her pocket. She could ignore the message and pretend it never happened. Wait for whatever was about to happen. It wouldn’t be long, of that she had no doubt. Or, for the first time in her life, be confident and proactive. 

In record time, she was crossing 5th Avenue, the peace and calm of a frozen Central Park beckoning across the busy street. She looked around at the people. Any one of these could be reporting to Christian at this very moment. The fine hair on her neck pricked at the thought and she tried to focus on each face that passed her by. Panicked laughter bubbled out of her unbidden. As if the person watching her could be careless enough to be spotted by her.

Her mind returned to the brave thoughts of earlier. Of going on the offensive. She’d only ever been the compliant, obedient, submissive daughter and wife. She’d only ever stood up to Christian when...actually, never. Every confrontation she’d ever had with him had always somehow been triggered by him. She’d always simply been reacting.

But this time she’d defied him by renting another place instead of running back home, defeated. It was really James who made it happen. A tiny voice in her mind peeped. Sure, James had been the one to force her, literally, to talk to the agent and get the new place. But she’d done it, hadn’t she? She hadn’t chickened out.

Her fingers tightened around the phone. Maybe, she should ask James first. Make him tell her the truth. She threw that thought as soon as it popped into her head. She had seen enough of James and had even developed a gut feel for his friends. They weren’t the problem. Besides, she didn’t need a crutch.

She pulled the phone out of her pocket and before she could talk herself out of it, tapped out Christian’s number. The one she knew by heart. Said heart was thumping in her ears so loudly, she was worried she wouldn’t hear half of what he said. If he picked her call. Her fingers crossed themselves. Maybe he no longer had that number. Then she could feel brave without actually having to be brave.

“Wife,” the deep, rumbly sound put her thundering heart into silent mode. Only for it to start up again so hard, she reached out her hand for support. Thanking God for the tree her fingers brushed against, she leaned into it. The tree would help her stay on her feet, until the black dots dancing in front of her eyes settled down. 

She could almost see him, his confident smile, the way he’d have a hand in his pocket, his shoulder probably leaning against a wall, or maybe his hip leaning against his desk at work. Not for support, but because he was relaxed. He wouldn’t have his heart trying to hammer its way out of his ribcage.

She needed air. Which she gulped in a couple of big breaths before saying, “Hi, Christian.” She hated how diffident she sounded. She needed the confident woman who ran a successful coffee shop in one of the most prestigious areas of New York City, not the scared woman who pussyfooted around her husband. 

Confidence was nowhere to be found, but she should’ve at least brought a bottle of water. It would’ve also helped if she’d never put the call through. It was a stupid idea anyway. She’d never been able to stand up against Christian. 

“I hope you are packing up.”

It wasn’t a question. It was an ultimatum. Ella straightened her spine, stepped away from the tree. She could do this. He was thousands of miles away. But she hadn’t planned her conversation. What was she going to say to him? Well, she’d just have to fly by the seat of her pants.

“Please call off whoever you have following me, Christian?” The order she’d meant to issue came out as a question. But at least she got it out!

“Oh! The kitten’s grown some claws?” He paused before adding, “That will be a no. He will be watching over you until you are back home.”

Her fingers were aching, that’s how tightly she was holding the phone. Like her life depended on it. The life she’d carved out for herself in New York certainly could very well depend on how this conversation went. 

“I am not coming home. Not unless you agree to the divorce. Please, Christian.” She hated the pitifully pleading tone in her voice as she completed what she had to say to her husband. Now all she could do was react to his decision. Because that would be final. 

“Five more days, Ella. See you soon.”

She stared at the silent phone and her white fingers around it. She’d failed to convince him. She slowly unwrapped her fingers from around the phone and put it back in her pocket to start her lonely way back to the Sugar & Spice - the little world she’d built for herself.

She stopped in front of the shop and her vision blurred. Both her friends were in there, although it should’ve only been Joe. And there on the door, was a sign, stuck with the help of little cupcake and sandwich shaped stickers that said, ‘We’re moving down the street, to 12 E79th Street’. She blinked her tears away, lifted her chin and stepped into her life with a smile on her face. She wasn’t ready to give up. 

2019 January, 13. New York City
“Explain!” The deep, and deeply irritated voice of General Gordon thundered down the phone and pricked James’ ears. The man had every right to be frustrated. But that didn’t change the facts and the facts James had already reported. There was no further explanation. However, the man was his superior and he’d have to be humored - at least a little more. 

“Sir. As I explained, we’ve gone through two days of audio and several days of video surveillance data and there is nothing that proves Hoover’s involvement in this one. I am now going back to investigate the other possibilities and see if we missed anything. If not, we are back at square one.” He held his breath, waiting for the general’s response. He couldn’t think of any other way to explain this, and he didn't want to explain a third time. 

“We haven’t the bloody time. The South Sudanese are getting excited. They are expecting something big. But the buggers aren’t talking,” the General seemed to have swallowed the bitter pill and was moving on. 

“I am sorry, Sir,” James said. There was nothing more to it. He’d been so convinced Hoover was their man, he’d apparently led everyone on a wild goose chase with nothing to show for it. With POTUS visiting the area in a little more than ten days, the shipment was likely to go through in the next few days. Or, if they were lucky, the whole deal had been called off. But then the chatter would change. 

Frustrated, James stared at the phone in his hands that had gone quiet. The general had hung up. Hopefully, he’d made the right noises before ending the call. Striding over to the bank of terminals, he flicked the one showing the stolen feed from Ella’s shop. Then cursed and flicked it off. He knew all he needed to know about her and it was time to stop stalking her like a perv.

He’d managed to stay away from the little coffee shop, which had been taking way too much space in his head lately, for a good couple of days. Surely, it’d be alright to turn up there now. He needed to clear his head anyway so he could re-start working on the current mission. 

He pulled on his jumper and was out the door before he was tempted once again to have a look at the camera feed. Just to be sure she was in the shop alone, not with one, or worse, both, of her bulldogs. 

He pushed through the door, stepped in, and just as quickly stepped out again. She’d used the sign he’d made for her. And stuck it to the door with little cake and sandwich stickers. A ridiculous grin pulled at his lips as he went back in and looked around. The shop looked no different from all the other times he’d been in there.

“When is she going to start packing up?” He asked Joe, the only one in the shop. 

Joe looked up from whatever he was doing at the counter. “She has already started,” the frost still clear in his voice, but probably not as much as before. When James looked around again, Joe said, “All the stock that sits in the storage cage is packed up and also I think she’s got her clothes packed up.”

“Right. Do you have her number?”

“I do. But I’m sure she doesn’t want you to have it,” Joe’s glare was back. 

“Look all I want to ask her is when she is planning to move. I could make the decision for her and say we do it tonight and tomorrow night because I am free and so are my friends. Somehow I don’t think she’ll be thrilled if I made the decision for her.” 

“She doesn’t need your help. We can manage it between us three.”

James returned the young man’s glare and declared, “Not an option. Besides, I doubt you want her and Tilly to be heaving and hefting heavy boxes around.” He was sure he’d read Joe, his protective streak when it came to the two girls, right. And if he had, Joe would see the sense in James’ words.

“Well, I still won’t give you her number. You’ll have to ask her for that. She’ll be in here in an hour or so. You can talk to her then.”

“Very well. See you then,” James said and left, only to find himself back at the door of the shop in under an hour. He could feel Joe’s curious gaze as he settled himself at one of the tables tucked away in the corner. 

“Do you want a coffee? It’s been a slow day and I doubt it's going to change,” Joe asked. 

James nodded and within minutes Joe was at the table with two coffees. The man clearly had something on his mind and James had a very good idea of what it could be. Fortunately, he’d seen Buzz around his little sister, who hadn’t been little for a few years now, and could respect where Joe was coming from. He was the brother Ella had never had, and James could respect that.

“Why are you after her?” Hmm, getting right to the gut of the matter, then.

“I like her,” he let Joe see the truth in his eyes.

Joe sighed and leaned back in his chair, “What does she have to say about it?”

“Look, I appreciate you looking out for her, but I think she is old enough to take care of herself,” James said. Then added, “Mostly.”

That brought a smile to Joe’s face, “Yeah, mostly. That’s what I’m worried about. Just know that she doesn’t need any more shit than she already has in her life. So you’d better be careful, or I have friends also.”

The two men were still staring off, the threat alive and kicking in the air, when the back door whirred up and Ella stepped in. 

James’ chair toppled back as he shot out of his chair, “What the hell happened to you?”






Seventeen


2019 January, 13. New York City
Startled by his roar, Ella grabbed the counter to steady herself. James was towering over her before he’d finished his roaring. Her eyes locked with Joe’s, confusion clear in the once bright depths. James leaned in, “Ella, what happened?” He growled.

“What do you mean? Nothing happened,” Ella stepped back. 

“Don’t give me that shit. You look like hell.”

Dull green eyes stared up at him, fine brows gathering together. She looked around him, seeking Joe.

With a frustrated groan, he grabbed her shoulders, reminding himself to be gentle. “Two days ago, I left you healthy and happy. Now you’re sporting black circles under your eyes. You also somehow managed to find ten pounds to lose. Have you been unwell?” She gave a small smile and he nearly buckled in relief.

“No. I just haven’t slept very well, that’s all,” she explained.

Joe snorted his opinion. When James pinned him for an answer, he shrugged, “I don’t know man. But she’s been going through the days like she’s expecting someone to jump her any moment.”

“Damn it!” James snapped, then turned back to her, “I’d have called before. But you still haven’t given me your number.”

Her chuckle was empty as she slipped from under his hands, “Do you really need me to tell you my phone number? It seems easy to find my phone number.”

“No. I can find it easily,” he accepted, allowing her to walk away to the middle of the shop. “But I won’t. I want you to entrust it to me.”

One delicate shoulder lifted in indifference, but she gave in. He fed the numbers into his phone and placed a call through. The shop remained silent until he disconnected after a couple of rings. “Why don’t you keep your phone on you?” he demanded. 

“I don’t need it when I’m in the shop.”

“I’ve sent you my number. Save it when you go back up. I want you to keep your phone with you at all times. It’s a safety issue,” he ordered. He’d eat his smelly socks if she did any of those things.

She ignored him, turning with a surprisingly real looking smile toward the couple who’d just entered. James balled his hands into fists, desperately wishing he could smash them though something. Something hard. The woman was driving him insane. Impatiently, he waited while she served the couple, pointedly ignoring Joe who was most certainly sporting a smug smile. 

The moment the couple stepped out, James flicked the sign to ‘Closed’. Arms crossed over his chest he stood by the now closed front door of the shop. He glared at Ella while he decided which question he wanted answered first. What had her so upset she couldn’t sleep or what gave her the idea he could find her phone easily. Going with his gut which was screaming that somehow both the questions were connected, he decided to start with, “What makes you think finding your phone number is easy? Haven’t you asked the company to keep it private?”

“Like that makes any difference,” she muttered and proceeded to wipe down the sparkling clean coffee machine. “Why are you here, anyway?”

“As I said, I’d have called, but didn’t have your number. When do you want to move your stuff?”

“I really don’t -” 

“You can’t do it. Not even with Joe and Tilly’s help. I have time tonight. We’ll start at 1900,” he decided. “Joe, does that work for you?”

“Sure. I know Tilly can make it tonight too. So we’re good,” Joe replied.

“Good. We’ll start with the shop,” James declared and stalked out of the shop. 

Ella’s eyes followed James. His back was stiff with barely leashed fury. She lowered herself into a chair and buried her face in her hands. A chair scraped next to her. She leaned into Joe’s solid hand at her shoulder. “I’m so tired, Joe. I wish...I wish…” she trailed off. 

“It’ll be alright, love. You know we’re all here for you. Even dickhead,” Joe consoled, nodding at the now closed door. 

A chuckle slipped free of her lips as she sat up straight in her chair. “He is a dick most of the time, isn’t he?”

“All of the time, Ella. He’s a dick, period,” Joe declared.

“He did help us get the new place. Maybe you should give him a chance.” 

“You’re too nice for your own good. Do you want to talk about what has you running around the place like a zombie?” He asked gently. 

She looked into his chocolate eyes, finding nothing but concern in their rich depths. She nodded and raced out the back door. She was back in minutes with her phone. Her hands trembled as she unlocked the phone, just about managing to thrust it at Joe. His eyes widened as he took in the picture on the phone. Then he read the message.

“Fuckin’ hell. Assuming this asshole husband is who you’re running from, how’d he get that and your phone number?” He wondered. Then he was up and pulling her into a hug. “I can’t believe dickhead sent it, though,” he said.

Ella spoke into his chest, “You’re right. Neither do I. But it doesn’t change the fact that Christian has my number. He also has someone watching me, probably 24/7. I can’t take this waiting game anymore, Joe.”

Joe rubbed gentle circles on her back, “Christian is your husband?”

She stepped back, “Yes. He is also the one who paid off the lease on this shop, forcing us to vacate.”

“Ah. I assume talking to him isn’t an option?” Joe asked.

Ella shook her head. “I tried. He gets really upset and angry when I talk of divorce. Now he’s given me a week to pack up.” 

Joe raised an eyebrow, “Are you? Packing to leave?”

“No. I intend to talk to him when he comes. But I don’t know what I’ll do if he still refuses a divorce.”

“That’s my girl. Why the long face then?” Joe asked.

“I’m scared,” she admitted simply and immediately found herself in his thick arms.
“It’ll all work out, you’ll see,” he said.

“I hope so, Joe. I really hope so,” she said, flipping the sign on the door to ‘Closed’ as they got busy packing the million things they used every day in the shop. 

“Joe,” she said suddenly as she wrapped a glass in brown paper. “I don’t know how to thank you and Tilly enough. But I’ll forever be grateful for your friendship and support.”

Joe cracked a huge smile. “That was quite a speech, love. Have you been working on it for all this time? And here I thought you were quietly wrapping the glassware,” he teased but sobered just as quickly. “You forget all the love and support you’ve given us, Ella. You guys are the only family I have now,” his voice cracked a bit. But he soldiered on, “I’ll never forget how you stuck by me after mom and dad died in that crash. You barely knew me back then and yet you put up with me while I dealt with the shock.” When she opened her mouth to interrupt, he held his hand up, “You didn’t just put up with me, you helped me process the grief.”

He’d been more than a mess after losing his parents in a horrific car crash. But he’d pulled through, all she’d done was let her instincts guide her about when to leave him alone and when to coax him out. Tilly was the one to bring his joie de vivre back, teasing him and pushing him in equal measure to get his head back on straight.

A knock on the door brought them out of their maudlin thoughts. Joe let a surprised Tilly in, “Hey guys. Why are you packing up the shop? I thought we had a couple more days before moving.”

“Well, Bossman Dickhead round the corner decided we’re moving today,” Joe grumbled, making the two girls burst out laughing. 

“Wow, Joe! You’re running hot one minute and cold the other like you’re falling in love with the man,” Tilly teased, earning a glare in return. 

“She’s right, Joe. One minute you want to spend time with him, to figure out his motives, and the next you want to have nothing to do with him,” Ella agreed.

“He’s way too bossy for my liking. I don’t know how you two put up with him,” he complained.

“Whoa, whoa, whoa! I don’t put up with him. Don’t drag me into it. It’s Snow White here who sees something good in him - but then she finds something good in everyone she meets.” Tilly was quick in her own defense.

“Well, it’s not like it makes much of a difference if we move tonight or in two days’ time,” Ella justified. All she got in response was a pair of groans, but Tilly pulled an apron on and got stuck into packing.

The sharp tone of Joe’s alarm brought forth a chorus of groans. It surely hadn’t been more than a few minutes since they’d sat down for a drink in Ella’s apartment. It couldn’t already be time to go back down and wait for the other three to turn up. The ring on Ella’s phone said otherwise. “Hi, James. We’ll be down in a moment,” she said into the phone. A deep, vibrating-in-the-chest, ‘hmm’ was her answer.

Rolling the back door up, Ella stepped into the shop and stopped short. There was no way the shop was this small. After all, she could seat eight people in there. But right now, with three big men standing outside, the shop didn’t look like it had enough room for them, let alone three more.

With a deep breath, she squared her shoulders and let the three ex-military men in.

“Well, hello, ladies. Looks like you are all packed up and ready to go!” Buzz whistled. Whether the whistle was for said ladies or the fact that they were indeed ready to go was up for debate. But he wasn’t done yet. His deep blue eyes took Tilly in from her curly hair piled on top of her head to her pink converse clad foot tapping impatiently, “You look scrumptious in an apron, doll. You’ll look even better with nothi...”

“Alright. The trucks are right outside. You girls, start putting these smaller boxes here...” Legend nipped what would’ve been the start of a very long argument in the bud. Pointing to the boxes of the day’s leftover sandwiches, cakes and pies neatly stacked in a corner of the shop, he continued, “...into the red truck outside. Buzz, go with Joe to the storage room out back and bring it out to my truck.”

Just like that, William Legend Smith had put everyone to work while ensuring the most inflammable ingredients were kept far away from each other. 

“C’mon Legend, man. You know I work best with beautiful women. How about I help Tilly move her cupcakes?” Buzz asked, his eyes on Tilly.

Tilly flipped him the bird and stalked off, pulling Ella along. Buzz’s deep laughter followed in their wake. Legend stood in the middle of the shop, arms crossed over his wide chest until Buzz followed Joe out the back door. “Bloody teen,” he muttered before hefting a huge box which should’ve required two men to lift it and carrying it to James’ red truck. James moved aside, having just placed another giant box in the bed of the truck. 

An hour and two trips round the corner later, the old Sugar & Spice, along with its storeroom, was empty. 

“Alright, now, where’s your apartment, my lady. Let’s get to that,” Buzz declared after putting the last box in the new store. 

“Oh! I’m not actually done packing my stuff,” Ella hastened to ward him off. 
“Right. Looks like we’re done for the day, then.” Buzz looked around. “I don’t know about you guys, but I need food and a drink, and Tilly, if she’ll have me,” he winked, then ducked as Tilly threw a particularly dirty rag at him. 

“Oh! Go away, you pig!” she yelled, sending another projectile his way. 

“You still haven’t told me what has you scared, or what is worrying you,” James whispered, leaning in close to Ella.

She quickly schooled her face into what she hoped was a neutral expression. She was worried, sure, but she couldn’t very well tell him she was worried about having to invite them all to her place for food. Her apartment was her safe place, she couldn’t have so many people in there. But then, she was soon going to vacate the apartment. It’d be fine. With a quick smile, she said, “No. I’m alright.” Then she raised her voice, “If you’re okay with a kidney and steak pie, I have plenty at home.”

“I’m in,” Joe and Buzz chorused.

“Thanks, Ella. But I’ll have to decline,” Legend apologized in his usual elegant fashion. 

“I gotta go too. Have to put in a paper in a week and I haven’t even started!!” Tilly wailed.

“Chicken,” Buzz muttered loud enough for everyone to hear. 

“Oh! Yooouuu,” Tilly screeched, lunging at Buzz. He caught her easily, trapping her arms to her side. “Let me go, you bastard!”

Buzz tsked, “Now, let’s not swear, babe.”

“Buzz, enough,” James warned. His voice hadn’t raised a notch, but his friend backed out. 

Tilly turned and gave Ella a hug, whispering, “See you tomorrow, honey. Don’t bother feeding these beasts. I’m sure they can take care of themselves.” “See ya tomorrow, Joe.” Then she moved to James. “You’d better keep him on a tight lead around Ella,” she warned. 

A smile split James’ lips, “You need not worry about Buzz when it comes to Ella.”

“Of course, it’s you I need to worry about when it comes to Ella,” she threw back. Finally, she strode out of the new shop, bumping hard into Buzz on her way, earning a yelp from him that was more drama than real pain. 

“Alright, let’s go,” James announced, helping Ella into his huge red truck, while Joe and Buzz piled into the back. 

Ella opened the door to her little apartment, stepping inside ahead of the three men. The place was clean and tidy, yet she quickly glanced around to make sure everything was okay. She didn’t own much in the way of furniture, but then her apartment wasn’t exactly big. She waved around the small living room, “Make yourselves comfortable, I’ll heat up the pie.” There were just a couple of love seats in there. She didn’t hang around to see how the men seated themselves.

Joe followed her inside, making a beeline for the fridge. He pulled out three bottles of beer, throwing one at the other two. With the oven set to preheating, she pulled out a heap of veggies for the salad. She nearly groaned out loud at the scrape of wood on wood. She couldn’t work in the tiny kitchen with three hulking men taking up all the space. 

She turned to shoo them out and nearly smashed her nose on a chest covered in a grey tee. Buzz caught her arm to steady her as she stumbled back. “Go, sit outside,” he ordered. “We’ll call you when dinner’s ready. Joe, do you know where the dishes are?” He asked, talking over her protests. 

James handed her a beer, which she refused. The bitter taste simply wasn’t her thing. Never had been. “She doesn’t like beer,” Joe informed, handing her a glass of wine. She was then pretty much pushed out of her own kitchen. 

“Now are you going to tell me what’s bothering you?” James asked as he settled himself next to her on the love seat.

“Aren’t you going to help in the kitchen?” 

“It’s too small for all three of us. Those two can barely work in there without bumping into each other. And don’t change the subject.”

If she’d learned anything, it was that the man wouldn’t stop hounding her until he got what he wanted. With a tired sigh, she picked up her phone from the coffee table, swiped it to Christian’s text and handed it to James. Then squeezed her eyes shut as he roared, “What the fuck?”







Eighteen


2019 January, 13. New York City
James couldn’t keep his voice down. The bastard was having her followed. Bloody coward. She closed her eyes, trying to control the shiver that ran through her at the anger in his voice, but opened her eyes just as Joe and Buzz trooped in. With a quick glance at Ella, Buzz’s eyes narrowed on the phone in James’ hand. “Bad news?” He asked.

Joe, on the other hand, was watching Ella.

“I showed it to him, Joe.” 

James’ hackles rose at Ella’s tone. “You don’t need to apologize to him, Ella. You don’t have to apologize to anyone for making decisions about your life.”

“You’re one to talk. You’ve done nothing but bully her since you met her,” Joe snapped.

“There’s a difference between bullying and taking the lead, kid. You are a good friend to Ella, I get it, but you don’t have a say in who she confides in or not.”

Ella got up, turning around to face all three men. “Stop it, please. I’m tired of this constant bickering. Christian already knows where I am, he has my phone number. He could come for me any time he wants. It doesn’t matter whether James knows or not.” She then turned to James, “This was the text that had me stressing and losing sleep for the last two days.” 

Buzz broke the uncomfortable silence, clapping her gently on the back. “Come on now, let’s eat. I’m about to faint,” he said, fanning his face, delicately. As delicately as a six foot two, two hundred pounds of muscle could manage. But if that brought a smile to Ella’s drawn face, James was happy for it.

Ella chuckled, “Let’s go guys. We can’t have Buzz fainting on us.”

As they settled around the small island counter, Ella looked up to see Buzz’s eyes on her. His gaze was sharp, the earlier playfulness replaced by a steady, calculated look. Involuntarily, she stiffened. The slight movement garnering James’s attention. She ignored it, holding Buzz’s gaze. 

“Are you going to tell me why you lied when I asked you if you were at MIT?” Buzz got straight to the point. With a defeated sigh, Ella lowered her lashes and lifted her wine to her lips. Perhaps it was a prerequisite to joining the army. This dogged, single mindedness which she found very tiring, very scary.

When she looked up, it was at James, sitting watchfully beside her. He read the silent question in her eyes, and nodded. He had told his friends about Christian. She blinked, turning to Buzz, hoping James failed to notice the betrayal she felt so keenly in her heart. Without her knowledge, or her permission, he had shared her history with his friends. 

Buzz was waiting patiently, but his squared shoulders told Ella he wasn’t going to let her off the hook. If she didn’t tell him right now, he’d only come back to it later. “I didn’t study at MIT,” she confessed, her fingers closing into a tight fist. 

James’s large hand moved to cover hers in her lap, but he stayed silent. These were all highly educated men and she felt insignificant, little, with nothing beyond the high school diploma among them. But that was neither here, nor there. They weren’t all waiting on her to hear about her insecurities. 

“I went to MIT once, for Christian’s graduation party. Perhaps you saw me at that time,” she completed softly.

“Must be. Hard to forget a beautiful girl like you,” Buzz replied. The silence that followed would’ve been awkward had Joe not put in, “Man! The pie is to die for, Ella. We should add it to the menu.”

Ella forced a smile, eyed the pie dish that was more than three quarters empty and said, “That’s why I’d made so much of it. It was meant for ten people.” She took in the mountainous portions the men had helped themselves to, “But looks like we’re going to clean it up tonight.” 

Other than agreeable grunts, there was no response to this observation as the three dug into their food.

“Oh, man! That was bloody good. What have you planned for tomorrow? It’s going to be a much longer day,” Buzz winked, the transition from interrogative to exuberant easy and quick. 

“Oh! Tomorrow, I was hoping you guys would feed me, seeing as I won’t have my kitchen set,” Ella smiled, batting her eyelashes at Buzz. She was all for lightening the mood. 
“Yeah, you’re on!” Buzz agreed instantly.

Her smile widened as she picked her plate up. James wrapped his fingers around her slender wrist as she moved to pick up his plate. Her breath hitched. 

“Leave this with me. I’ll tidy up,” he told her, but didn’t let go of her. 


Her eyes were large, sparkling with emotions he couldn’t begin to decipher. He was only glad, fear wasn’t one of them.

“Unless there’s dessert?” Buzz broke the cocoon he’d built and James wanted to smash his head into something.

Ella wiggled her hand and James let go. “I have some brownies I made yesterday?” She asked Buzz.

“I’ll pass. See ya tomorrow, Ella,” Joe said, throwing a warning glare at Buzz and James.

Ella hurried after him to the door, giving him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. The way he saw it, James had two options: put the plates away in the dishwasher or punch Joe. Ella would hate him for the latter, so really he had only the one option. 

“Buzz, fucking leave man, now,” James hissed. 

“What? I like to end a good meal with dessert,” Buzz complained.

James’ ears were trained out in the living room. What the hell was she doing? It shouldn’t take that long to close the door and come back. 

“Man! You’ve got it real bad. Real bad,” Buzz tsked. 

Finally, Ella walked into the kitchen. James had put away almost everything from their dinner. “Alright, the brownies,” she muttered, heading to the cabinets lining the wall over the bench.

Buzz rubbed a hand over his stomach, “You know what, sweets, I probably shouldn’t. How about you leave some for me for tomorrow?”

Ella brows came together. “But not a minute ago you wan -” She stopped when the James Bond signature tune issued forth from Buzz’s pocket. He pulled out his phone, glanced at the screen before saying, “Sorry, gotta go.” He gave Ella a peck on the cheek and was out the door before Ella could say anything. James simply shrugged when she turned to him with a frown. 

“Well, do you want a brownie, then?” She asked.

“No. I want you t -” 

Ella jumped as this time her phone rang out. She looked at the phone as if it were a living thing, approaching it slowly. Did she never get any calls on that phone? Her family must call her, at least?

She looked at the phone and color drained from her face. Sinking down on the love seat, she took a deep breath, but jerked when the ringing stopped. James strode up to her and pulled her hands into his. They were cold. “It was him.” 

It wasn’t a question, but she nodded anyway. 

“If he calls again, put it on speaker,” he said as he pulled his phone out of his pocket. He put a call through, “Buzz. Ella has a tail. He may be somewhere close. Keep an eye when you get out.” He put his phone on the coffee table next to Ella’s.

She shook her head. 

“Please, Ella. We’ll record the call. If he threatens you, you can give it to the police,” he explained. 

“Maybe he won’t call again tonight,” Ella gave voice to her hope.

“He will call.” There was no point in allowing her to raise her hopes, only for them to be dashed. For the next eternity, they sat there, facing their phones. One willing for it to ring, the other willing for it to never ring again. It rang.

“On speaker,” James reminded her.

Hands trembling, Ella swiped the phone and hit the speaker button. Christian’s deep, commanding voice rang out, “Ella. What the fuck do you think you’re doing?”

Ella flinched, but fought to keep her voice steady, “Hello, Christian. Please stop calli -”

“Answer the fucking question, Ella. I told you to pack and come back home. Not bloody move to another hole in the wall.”

Ella gasped, while James sat still next to her, tightening his hold on her hands, hoping she’d find some strength in his support. What he really wanted to do was wring the bastard’s neck for terrorizing Ella.

James’ phone vibrated. Don’t see anyone around here. That doesn’t mean anything. There’s too many places to stakeout. Be careful. 

Christian chuckled, “Tick-tock, Ella. One way or another, I’ll see you in four days.” The phone fell silent. 

James pulled a trembling Ella into his arms, relieved when she didn’t protest. She buried her face in his chest and burrowed closer into his body. He held on to her until the shivers wracking her slight body subsided. Then, with a finger under her chin, he tilted his face up to his. “You don’t have to go back to him if you don’t want to. Do you understand? I’ll keep you safe.”

Her mouth opened on a silent plea as her eyelashes fluttered shut. He didn’t stand a chance then. He lowered his mouth until her soft lips were under his. He sent his tongue into the warmth of her welcoming mouth. Her little moan of submission snapped his shaky control and he deepened the kiss. His fingers tangled in the silky mass of her ebony hair, holding her in place while his lips and tongue devoured her.






Nineteen


2019 January, 13. New York City
Ella opened her eyes and drew in a ragged breath. There were flakes of gold around the black of his iris. Like golden sun rays, they shined down at her. She gasped, pushing her hand into his chest to push herself away. Not a moment ago the same hand was clutching his shirt for support.

She sprang up from the seat like it’d suddenly sprouted thorns. Her lips still tingled from James’ thorough kiss, she covered them with her hands. What had she been thinking? Kissing a stranger, one who’d attacked her less than a month ago. And she was still married, for God’s sake. 

She turned her back to him, a whimper of frustration escaping her swollen lips. He sat at her back, silent as a tiger on the hunt. Then, his heavy hands were on her shoulders.

“You’re worrying,” he stated.

She was no longer sure if she was scared of Christian getting to her or of James getting to her. 

“I won’t let him get to you.”

I don’t want you to get to me.

She turned to face him, “It’s late, James.”

He nodded and turned around. At the coffee table, he picked up both the phones. He held hers out to her, “Unlock it.”

She didn’t have the strength to question him, to get into another argument which he’d most likely win with a very logical explanation. Without a word, she swiped at the screen and handed it back to him. 

If he was surprised at her silent capitulation, he didn’t comment on it. “I’ve added my number to your contacts,” he said instead, just as her phone rang out. “Now my number is at the top of your recent calls list. Call me if anything feels odd tonight. One wrong creak of the floor or a wrong rustle of the blinds and you call me. Understand?” He leaned into her, his voice urgent. 

Obviously, he wouldn’t leave until she agreed with his demands, so she nodded. Still he stood there, in the middle of her small living room, shifting his weight from one foot to the other. What was he waiting for? She wanted nothing more than to change into her fluffy onesie and pray for sleep to take her.

“Do you want me to stay with you tonight?” He finally asked.

She must’ve looked comic with her jaw hanging slack, but he continued quickly before she could get a word out, “That call seemed to have really upset you. I thought you might feel safer, sleep better, knowing you’re not alone?” 

She opened her mouth to protest, and again he rallied on. “I’ll take the...” he looked behind at the small loveseats, swallowed thickly, then made his decision. “I’ll take the floor. In this room. You can lock your bedroom if you want.” 

Ha! Like the flimsy door, even locked would keep someone like him out! But this time, she waited for him to go on. He seemed to have finally said all he wanted to say. For a large, strong man who was always in control, he looked surprisingly unsure. She could almost, almost, see him wringing his hands, and she couldn’t stifle her laughter. In an instant, the hesitant, nervous, James was gone, his face taken over by a scowl. 

Ella quickly brought her mirth under control. “Thank you. Really. I think I’ll be okay. Besides, if Christian does turn up here,” she shrugged slightly. “You being here will only make things worse. He is still my husband, I can’t avoid him forever.”

Her eyes dipped to his arms. The play of muscles on the forearms, covered in masculine hair, as his hands tightened into fists was mesmerizing. Finally, he swore under his breath and moved away. At the door, he turned back, “Be careful. Call me.” His voice was rough, sending a shiver through her. She knew the anger wasn’t directed at her, but she was also aware of the damage it could do if it were directed at her. It was this awareness that she needed to hold on to, if she were to keep herself safe from James.

***

James pulled the door softly behind him, leaving the woman who was rapidly becoming much more than a mere itch to be scratched. All evening, he’d watched Ella in all her glory with a raging hard-on. Talking with his friends and hers, working alongside everyone, being the mother hen and feeding everyone. He’d seen her worried and scared, only to square her shoulders and stand up for herself. Anyone with half a brain could tell she hated aggression of any sort, that she’d happily step aside to let someone else take the lead. Yet, she’d shored up her courage and defied her husband. 

Outside in the lobby, he took the stairs to the basement stepping out into the cold night through the tiny door next to the car park entry. Despite the dark of the night, he clung to the shadows. Divvying up the immediate neighborhood into squares, he started the systematic work of checking grid by grid for spots where the man following Ella could be hiding. It was an outside chance, of him still being around, but it never hurt to be sure. He’d feel a lot more comfortable leaving her by herself after he’d himself conducted a thorough search and not found her shadow.

Back in his own den, James picked up a banana and got to work. He needed to make sure the bastard wasn’t in New York already. He’d memorized Hoover’s phone number from Ella’s phone. All he had to do now was hack into the carrier’s network, triangulate the call that came in at 20:13 and he could sleep easy - or go back and stand guard outside Ella’s door. 

If only people knew how often databases of phone carriers, retail outlets, even banks got hacked! Only the large hacks where tons of data was stolen ever came out. These tiny ‘in and out in seconds’ attacks were all but considered a fact of digital life. Not that he was complaining! After all, he was responsible for quite a few of those attacks himself.

Hoover’s call had originated in Salt Lake City which meant James was free to take a cold shower to relieve himself of the throbbing dick courtesy Ella. He stepped out of the shower to find his phone ringing. 

“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” he muttered as he swiped at the phone to connect the call. 

“Do we have anything, James?” General Gordon had no use for pleasantries. Not that there was anything to feel pleasant about right now. They were up against a wall with no leads, while the bad guys were right on schedule. 

“I’m afraid not, sir. The bugs we planted are all returning normal, innocent chatter. But I have a lead I’m following up on. Will send you a sitrep as soon as I’ve some information.” If I have any information, he added silently. 

“We’re running out of time, O’Connor,” General Gordon warned before killing the call. 

Sometimes a kick up the butt was required to jog the best of brains. Especially when said brain was clogged with memories and thoughts of a beautiful woman who’d fight a third world war before letting you into her panties.

He raked his fingers through his wet hair. This whole thing was becoming a pile of shit very quickly. He’d tried hard to keep his work separate from his association with the woman who was sure to know something that might crack the investigation open. But no longer. 

As a soldier, one of the first things he’d learned was that it was acceptable to sacrifice the individual in pursuit of the greater good. It was time to use Ella’s knowledge.

2019 January, 13. Salt Lake City
The phone bounced off the fireplace to land next to Christian’s feet. Its shattered face mocking him. Can’t even control your fucking wife. Swearing, he picked the phone up to remove the SIM. There was a reason he always had a spare phone in the house. 

Hands still shaking in fury, he somehow managed to slip the SIM into the new phone and dialed Dave. The man had done a good job so far, so he’d overlook this one slip. Even Christian hadn’t seen that one coming. It was an entirely new experience for him. His Ella openly defying him!

Dave answered the call before it had rung through the first time. Another point in his favor. The man was no pussy. He didn’t cower in a corner after screwing up. He owned his blunder and got on with fixing it. “Good evening, Boss.” 

“Dave. Have you found out who owns the bloody shop?”

“A James O’Connor, boss.”

“You have it under control? Talk to him tomorrow. Make him see the light of day. Ella can’t have this shop. Do you understand?”

“Roger that. I’ll call you after I’ve talked to O’Connor,” Dave said and cut the call. 

This time, Christian didn’t bang his phone. Instead, he pulled up the app which showed him Ella’s location. It was a nifty little thing. The first text he’d sent her hadn’t just been an image. It also contained the little virus which now religiously sent him the location of Ella’s phone. As long as the phone was charged, he’d know exactly where his Ella was. And right now, she was in her apartment. He wished the virus could also access her camera so he could see her.






Twenty


2012 June. Salt Lake City
“Oh my God! He’s so cute,” Madison giggled.

Carrie was too busy ogling said cute guy, until Ella nudged her in the ribs, “Carrie!”

“He is HOT!” Carrie said with her eyes closed. Like she was already dreaming of him.

“You guys are nuts,” Ella shook her head. She’d never understand how her friends could find someone new to drool over every few days. 

“Yeah, well, we’re not practically married! Unlike yooou,” Madison retorted.

“What do you mean, practically married?” Ella shot back.

“Well, have you EVER gone out with anyone other than Christian?” Carrie challenged.

“No...but he is...I…” wrapped her fingers around the glass. She didn’t know how to explain the relationship she had with Christian. For as long as she could remember, she’d known she’d end up with him. But who’d decided that? She was sure she hadn’t. 

“Exactly,” Madison said, correctly interpreting Ella’s silence.

“You know what you should do? You should go strike up a conversation with Hottie over there. He doesn’t know you ‘belong’ to Christian, like most boys in our school seem to think,” Carrie suggested.

“No. I can’t. I mean I’m with - ”

Carrie cut her off, “Jesus Christ, Ella. We’re just asking you to go talk to him, not have sex.”

“Well, hello, ladies,” the deep voice made the three girls jump. The man, for he was too ‘manly’ to call him a boy, took his time looking at each one of them from head to toe before settling his warm brown eyes on Ella. “I’m Josh,” he introduced himself.

He was polite and funny, talking to the three of them. Suddenly, Carrie said, “Hey, I’ll just run into the kitchen and grab another beer.”

“Do you guys want a drink?” Madison asked.

As soon as both Josh and Ella declined, Madison took off after Carrie, “Then I’ll go grab one for myself.” Before Ella realised she’d be left alone with Josh, Madison had winked at her and disappeared.

“So, how do you know Alec?” Josh asked. 

Ella shrugged, “I actually don’t know Alec. Carrie does.” 

“Ah. So, do you want to go outside? It’s cooler out there, and more quiet,” he said. He had an amazing smile that brought out a dimple in his cheek.

Ella tucked a stray lock of hair behind her ear, her eyes straying towards the kitchen, willing her friends to come out quickly. Josh chuckled, “I don’t think they’re coming out any time soon. They’ve met someone more interesting.” Josh was a head taller than Ella, giving him a clear view over most of the bodies blocking Ella’s view.

“I don’t know, um…” Ella hesitated. 

“C’mon. I won’t bite. Unless you ask me to,” he winked, somehow making the cheesy line sound original. 

Ella allowed him to lead her out into the garden. He set a gentle pace as they walked around the garden, asking her about school, about what she was planning after school. She was enjoying the laid back conversation when her alarm went off. He raised a brow, so she explained, “It’s my time-to-go-home alarm. Mom gets worried if I stay out past 11.”

“Did you drive here?” he asked.

“No. I rode with Carrie. I’ll just get an Uber.” 

“What about your friends?” 

“I’ll just text them. We do this all the time.”

“Why don’t you text them and I’ll drive you home,” Josh suggested.

She shot a text off to Carrie and followed Josh down the street where he’d parked his old Toyota. As they approached the large iron gates of the Bridges’ mansion, Ella said, “Can you please just drop me here, Josh?”

He looked around, but cruised to a stop. He was out, holding Ella’s door open for her before she’d unbuckled her seat belt. Ella’s heart hammered in her chest as she got out of the car. Josh was standing close, very close.

“I had fun with you today, Ella,” he said, his voice low, hoarse. 

Ella’s mouth was dry. Josh rested his arms on the car door, caging her in. And yet, she wasn’t scared. He’d given her no reason to fear him. He hadn’t been aggressive, he hadn’t been demanding. Then he leaned in and Ella’s lips parted of their own accord. When his lips touched hers, it was the only part of his body touching hers. She went up on her tiptoes, her arms going around his neck for support.

It was soft, sweet, until her phone rang out in her pocket and he pulled away. She let the phone ring out and licked her lips. His lips tipped up in a crooked smile, only to press together in a thin line when her phone rang again. He cleared his throat and stepped back, giving her room.

“You should probably take that call. I’ll wait,” he nodded toward her phone which was vibrating in her pocket.

She hauled in a deep breath and pulled it out, “Don’t worry. It’ll be Mom wanting to know where I am.” 

Josh nodded and started toward the driver’s side. Without looking at the phone screen, she connected the call. 

“What the fuck do you think you’re doing, Ella?” Christian’s voice roared down the other end, making Ella flinch. Josh must’ve heard the roar too, for he stopped mid-stride.
“Wh...what do you mean Christian?” Ella asked.

“Look at the photo I received!” He barked.

Josh walked round the car to stand next to Ella. She pulled the phone away from her scalding ear to look at Christian’s text. 

“What the fuck!” Josh muttered next to her. 

Ella looked around frantically, but all she could make out was the raucous laughter of a bunch of boys spilling out of a car which she hadn’t noticed until now, but was parked only a few yards from her and Josh. She pulled her gaze back at the photo - her arms around Josh, kissing him back. 

“Ella!” Christian’s furious voice shot out of the phone. 

“I...Christian...he’s -” 

“Don’t give me shit, Ella. Did you tell him you had a boyfriend, or did you just lead him on?” He barked.

“Shit!” Josh muttered as he strode back to the driver’s seat, pulling the door with a thud.

Ella sat up in her bed, her heart beating a tattoo in her chest. What was that noise, the thud? Had it been only in her dream, or had it been real? She grabbed the phone, fumbling until she had the recent calls list pulled up. Her finger hovering over James’s name, she tiptoed to the living room. It was dark and quiet. Not that it meant anything. If Christian were here, he wouldn’t be making any sound. But then he wouldn’t be hiding in the shadows either. 

Satisfied that she was still alone in her home, she made her way back to the bed. With her back against the headboard, she pulled her legs up and rested her chin on her knees. She never saw Josh after that night. He’d left her on the street with Christian shouting down the phone and tears streaming down her face. Would anything have been different if he’d waited with her, waited for her? She shook her head. No use thinking about what’d never been. 

2019 January, 14. New York City
James was up, as usual, before the crack of dawn. Like a kid with a candy, he set about hooking the security camera feed from the shop that was now Ella’s into his system. Now he knew exactly where she lived, he had better control over the situation. He could protect her better. 

Promptly at nine, he was knocking at Ella’s door. She’d said she’d be ready to move in the evening, but he’d seen the status of her packing last night. She was nowhere close to being ready to move everything if she didn’t get help. No doubt her entourage was probably likely to be there to help her, but he didn’t give a fuck. He was going to be the one helping her and if they didn’t like that, tough shit. They were going to have to put up with it. After all, this time it was more than simply impressing the elusive Ella. He had to get her to talk, soon. 

When Ella opened the door, his eyes nearly bugged out. She was hiding behind the door, but her creamy skin and delectable curves were out in glory in a pair of skimpy red shorts and a white tank top with tiny red hearts on it. He opened his mouth to say something, but his throat was too dry, so he closed it. Clearing his throat, he tried again. “Rise and shine, sweetheart,” he said, stepping through the tiny gap she’d left in the door.

He headed straight for the kitchen for if he stayed around her for any length of time, they’d both end up out of their clothes. “I’ve got us some breakfast,” he called once safely inside the kitchen. “Get dressed and come on.”

He was so tuned to her, he could hear the light pad of her feet on the threadbare carpet. He took in a deep breath after he heard the soft click of the bathroom door and quickly adjusted the hardness in his pants.

He’d set the plates, poured the orange juice and had the bagels heating in the toaster by the time she came back out. Her hair was still a hastily brushed mess, but at least now she was covered in a loose fitting pale yellow shirt tucked into a pair of skinny jeans. 

She settled herself on one of the tall chairs, “Why?”

“Didn’t you sleep well last night either?” he demanded.

Her eyes narrowed at him, “Why are you here so early in the morning James?” She tried again. 

“You are way off base with your packing if we are to move your stuff today. I am here to help. Now, didn’t you sleep well last night?” he asked.

She shook her head, “Woke up with a nightmare and couldn’t go back to sleep after that. Thanks for…” She waved her arm over the breakfast spread, “...all this.”

“I told you not to worry,” he insisted. She decided to ignore the implication. They ate in silence after that. As she bit on the last little bit of her bagel, James got up with their plates, dumping them in the dishwasher. “Ready?” He asked. 

She nodded, “I’ll get the boxes.” She started for her bedroom and James followed. There was a neat little stack of flat brown boxes in a corner of the room. 

“Do you want to start in the kitchen?” James asked. 

“Yes,” she agreed. “There’s not much that needs to be boxed in the living room, and I think I’ll simply dump all my clothes in a big box and be done with it.” 

“If you’re tired, I can pack up the kitchen by myself,” he offered. 

“Oh! No, no.” 

He watched her as she started with the china, gently wrapping the pieces in paper before arranging them in a box. He, on the other hand, had decided to tackle the pantry. It was easy enough - just dump all the boxes and packs in the big ass box, and done in under twenty minutes. 

“So, now that I know the pertinent bits about you, will you tell me more?” he asked. 

Green eyes charged with doubt found his, “Like what?”

“How long were you married?” 

“I’m still married. Six years, seven this May,” she said. 

He was a dick for doing this. She had decided to trust him in spite of the stunt he’d pulled and he was going to use her. Of course, it wasn’t really personal. If the weapons got through into South Sudan, they’d kill hundreds, if not thousands, of innocent men, women and children. So, he continued on, “Did you stay in Salt Lake City while he was posted? Or were you able to join him?”

“Why do you need to know that?” Her eyes narrowed at him.

He put his hands up, “Just curious, Ella. If you don’t want to talk about it, we won’t.” Not now. But he didn’t add that.

“Yes. He was mostly posted in Africa. I couldn’t really go.” 

She was way too trusting, and once again James pushed down at the guilt that was threatening to well up. If she knew anything at all, he’d get it from her today. However long it took.






Twenty One


2019 January, 14. New York City
Joe arrived not long after, with a bag of Subway sandwiches and cookies. Three hours later, James took a look around her small apartment. The three of them made quick work of the rest of the packing. All stray bits and pieces had now been boxed up. All that remained was Ella’s clothes which she insisted on doing herself. 

“Well, I’ll be off then, guys. See you back in a few hours,” James said, heading out of the kitchen. He took the stairs as his phone buzzed in his pocket. His brows came together when he saw the name of the caller. 

“Sujata, what’s up?” The vivacious real estate agent who looked after James’s properties never called for idle chit chat. Not that she was bad at idle chit chat. In fact, she was very good at it. But her chit chat was reserved for her prey, the people she sold or rented the properties to. If ever there was a person who could rob the people with sweet words, Sujata was that person. 

“Mr. O’Connor, good afternoon. I just got off the most curious phone call,” Sujata began. James waited for her to go on, which she did right away, “A Daniel van der Merwe is quite keen on paying off the entire two years’ lease on the shop and apartment we rented out this week to Ms. Bridges.”

“What the hell?” 

“He was quite insistent. In fact, he almost threatened me,” she informed. 

“What the hell!” He was aware he was repeating himself, but he needed time to think and these three words were just as good as fillers as any. “What did you tell him?” 

“I told him you weren’t interested. You aren’t, are you?” She asked. 

“Of course not.” The girl was far too perceptive for his comfort.

“I thought as much. However, I must point out that it is quite a lot of money,” Sujata reminded him.

“I’m not interested.”

“Ok. He insisted on talking to you. I am afraid I had to give him your phone number,” she went on. 

“Roger that. I will set him straight. Thanks, Sujata.” James ended the call. He wasn’t surprised, not really, that Hoover had tried again to get Ella evicted. What surprised him was the lengths to which he’d go to get his wife back. He really needed to know their history if he was to keep Ella safe. For now, he’d have to wait until this Daniel guy called him. 

He didn’t have to wait for long. He’d barely gotten inside his penthouse when the phone trilled again. He put it to his ear, “O’Connor here.”

“Mr. O’Connor, my name is Daniel van der Merwe. I have an urgent matter to discuss with you. Can you meet me at 1400 in the lobby of number 12 E 79th street?” 

James had to give it to the man. He had guts. Meeting him in his own building. But then he wasn’t expecting anything other than a financial negotiation. “Mr. van de Merwe, there’s no point in wasting our time. I’m not evicting the new tenant in the first floor shop. Which, I believe, is what you want to meet me about.”

The man at the other end of the phone didn’t miss a beat, “Mr. O’Connor. I can up the price by a hundred thousand dollars. Does that work for you?”

Wow! Hoover was pouring an awful lot of money on this project, when he could just turn up here and take her back. “No. Mr. van der Merwe. The answer is no. Please do not call my agent, my tenant, or me again,” James warned before disconnecting the call.

2019 January, 14. Salt Lake City
“What the hell do you mean he won’t do it?” Christian barked into the phone. 

“That’s just it, boss. The man didn’t even think before declining the offer,” Danny explained.

“Who is this James O’Connor?” Christian asked.

“I don’t know.” For the first time since starting on Ella’s trail, Danny’s voice betrayed hesitation. 

“You don’t know,” Christian repeated, his voice low. 

“It’s like he’s a ghost, boss. I even had my FBI contact look into him. Nothing. The man doesn’t exist on the internet.”

This wasn’t good. No one couldn’t exist completely off the grid. If the FBI didn’t know of this man, he was bad news. That meant the man had help from way high up. Who the fuck was this James O’Connor?

“Ok. Stay on Ella’s tail, Danny. It looks like I’m going to have to come to New York,” Christian ordered. His mind made up, he set a brisk pace to get back to his office. He’d go to New York as soon as the current African mess was taken care of. 

2019 January, 14. New York City
“We got a lot done today, guys. I don’t know how to thank you,” Ella said as she flopped down on the loveseat. Tilly had arrived just after noon and the three of them had moved pretty much all the boxes to the new place in Joe’s truck.

“Oh, pish!” Tilly’s hand waved gracefully as she collapsed in the other loveseat. 

Joe let out a loud, barking, laugh, “From where do you come up with such words, Tilly? Pish. really?”

“Well, you wouldn’t understand, Joe,” Tilly’s nose sailed high in the air. 

“Well, I don’t know about you two. I for one, am glad we didn’t wait for help from the hulk trio,” Joe declared, settling himself on the floor, only to get to his feet when there was a knock on the door.

A frown clouded Tilly’s pretty face, “When did you give him the code to get inside the building?”

Ella bit on her lower lip, “Actually, you know what, I’m not quite sure when I did. I wouldn’t do that.”

A rumble of male voices advanced into the living room. And now she was moving into his building. They didn’t have to say it out loud, Ella saw that realization loud and clear in Tilly’s troubled gaze.

“Whoa! You guys have been busy.” James said, looking around. 

“What does he mean?” Tilly asked, her eyes narrowing at Ella.

“He came in the morning to help me pack.”

Tilly turned the full force of her glare on James, “How did you get the code to this building?”

James shrugged, “When Ella punched it in last night.” He turned to Ella, “You’d better set a more complicated code at my place.”

“But you’ll have your own code anyway. You’ll already be inside,” Tilly accused.

“Don’t, Tilly.” His voice was low, but so cold, Ella shivered. “If you want to be angry, tell your friend to be more mindful of basic security around her.” He turned around and stalked off inside, calling out, “Looks like all that’s left is the big-ass pieces.”

There was a synchronized groan from the other men. For the first time Ella realized how big and heavy her furniture was. There wasn’t a lot of it, but the pieces she’d collected were all from different opportunity shops or the like - old pieces which were practically antique but she could afford because they’d ended up in the wrong shop. 

“You know what, they really are very big. I should get a mover to come in,” Ella started.

“Bullshit! We can be done in two hours,” Buzz declared. His eyes roved over Tilly as he added, “Maybe even less, if only Tilly gave me a kiss!”

Tilly groaned, “Oh God, James. I’d never have thought I’d say this. But your friends are worse than you!”

“Whatever did I do to you, ma’am?” Legend asked, an innocent expression slapped on his face. It wasn’t fooling anyone, but it was enough for Tilly to reconsider.

“No. Actually, you’re alright. It’s just surfer dude here who needs a good licking.” Too late Tilly realized she’d handed one to said surfer dude and covered her face with her hands in anticipation of another lewd comment from him. 

“Oh wow, Tilly. I could do so much with that one. But there’s work to be done,” Buzz said, moving inside to join James. 

With a muffled scream, Tilly shot to her feet, but stalled not knowing what to do. 

Joe, James and Buzz went around the house inspecting the book case, the bed, the huge dresser she’d somehow wedged in her little bedroom, probably deciding which one to move first. While his friends were busy, Legend seemed to have come to a decision, “I think it’s best if you girls go to the new apartment while we move the rest. You aren’t going to be much help anyway.”

“Nice way to make us feel useful,” groused Tilly. James and Co seemed to rub the usually vivacious Tilly the wrong way every single time. 

“I still have to clean the apartment before I vacate it,” Ella informed him. “After the furniture is moved, I need to give it a quick vacuum and wipe down surfaces and cabinets.”

“Ah,” Legend nodded. 

He looked like he was about to say something more when Joe yelled from inside, “Move aside people. And somebody open the door.”

Moving quickly, Legend opened the door and produced a door stopper which he wedged under it. Once James and Joe had hauled the intricately carved cherry headboard out of the apartment, he went in. Buzz was already coming out with a stack of slats that made up the base of the bed. Within minutes, Legend was out with the rest of the slats.

Ella gasped, “Do you know how heavy those things are?”

“Did you look at how big their muscles were?” Tilly reported. “They could probably do this all day and not break a sweat.”

Another couple of trips and the bedroom was empty. Ella picked up the vacuum cleaner and got on with the job. Tilly was right beside her, wiping down the cabinets. There wasn’t much to be done in the bedroom, leaving them waiting for the men to return. They must’ve taken the trucks to the new apartment.

“Tilly, why are you so…” Ella hesitated, looking for the right word. “...unsettled around James and Buzz? You don’t seem to mind Legend as much.” Tilly was usually enviably laid back, ready for a laugh even at her own expense. And yet, these two always seemed to rub her the wrong way.

Tilly pulled at a loop of yarn from her pullover, as if pulling at her thoughts to untangle them. “I don’t know. I just can’t bring myself to trust James…” She paused, her eyes begging Ella for understanding. “I know he’s been really helpful since the first stunt he pulled. But, it’s just that, he’s been too helpful...you know what I mean?”

Ella nodded, but didn’t say anything. What her friend was saying couldn’t be denied. But then it was like choosing between the lesser evil for Ella. She knew how toxic Christian could be. With James, she had a feeling which she was going by. A feeling that she could trust him not to hurt her. But then, she wasn’t going to let him get close enough to have the power of hurting her. 

Tilly continued when Ella didn’t contest her opinion about James. “Buzz, on the other hand,” she shivered melodramatically. “He irritates me. I don’t know why.” 

Ella was no expert at love, but she was happy to bet her friend actually liked the man. She smiled, setting Tilly on edge again, “Don’t even! Don’t start getting any ridiculous ideas that I like him. I hate him.”

“I hope you aren’t talking about me, babe,” a lazy drawl followed the thud of the door being pushed open. 

“I’m not your babe and I was talking about you!” Tilly snapped.

“Well, I didn’t say you were my babe,” Buzz winked. Ducking to avoid a ball of scrunched up napkins, he slipped into the kitchen. 

“You emptied the fridge!” he came right out, directing the complaint at Ella. 

She pointed to an icebox in the far corner of the living room, “There’s your beer.”

“A rare woman who thinks about a man’s needs,” he said, saluting her with the bottle of beer he’d pulled out of the icebox. He settled himself on the floor, popped the top and took a long swig. The water condensing outside the bottle dripped onto the carpet. 

“Your bottle’s dripping on the floor,” Tilly narrowed her eyes at Buzz.

Buzz’s eyes settled on the stiff slash of her mouth, “Tilly, I’ll make a deal with you. We’ve a lot of work to do today. How about we shelf the attitude for today and just be friends?”

Tilly’s mouth dropped open just as the other three trooped in. 

“Alright, ladies, time for the couches,” James declared, nodding for them to move aside. 

Hours of hard work later, Ella looked around at her new home. It wasn’t any different from the one she was vacating, but it was still new. It was certainly in a much better state paint-wise. The kitchen was the same size, but the appliances were drool worthy. The cook in Ella was singing with happiness.

The intercom buzzed. Ella looked around the room. It contained the sum total of all the people she knew in this big city. Must’ve pressed the wrong apartment number. But then Legend answered it and a husky voice sang out, “Pizza’s here!” Legend let the pizza bearer in, who turned out to be his girlfriend, the stunning Cathy. 

Shocked, Ella’s gaze followed Legend as he let Cathy in. “I knew we’d be busy tonight. Cathy offered to bring in dinner,” Legend explained. What followed were some of the best few hours Ella had spent in New York. It was close to ten at night by the time her friends said their goodbyes. When had she started thinking of James’s friends as her own?

To her utter disgust, Tilly had allowed herself to be hustled into being dropped home by Buzz. When Ella turned around after closing the door on the pair of them, James was sprawled on her loveseat, his dark masculinity looking entirely absurd amongst the pale pink flowers that adorned the cover of loveseat.

He’d rested his head back and closed his eyes. He must’ve been tired after hauling all of her furniture from one place to the other. They all must’ve gone home with their aches and pains. She stood in the middle of the living, wondering how to help him. They’d just had a huge meal, so another drink wasn’t what he needed. All she could think of was a long, hot shower. Or even better, a long, hot soak in the bath. Heat raced up her face just thinking of James lounging in a bath.

“I hope all those naughty thoughts that have you blushing include me.” His lazy purr only served to add oil to the fire already scorching her. 

Instinctively, she licked her lips, “You look tired. I was thinking, umm, if I can help...” She clamped her mouth shut at his pained groan.

“Ah, Ella. Don’t. I can think of several ways you can help me relax. You won’t agree with a single one of them.” He sat up then. “Would you get a glass of nice cold water?” He asked. Ella was more than happy for a reason to get away from his tempting presence as she hurried into the kitchen. 

When she came out, he motioned for her to sit beside him. She perched on the edge of the couch, taking great care to not touch him. She was a grown woman, for God’s sakes. There was no reason to be so skittish around him. It wasn’t like he was going to pounce on her or anything. She quickly looked up at him. She wanted him to pounce on her!

James’s face was neutral, impassive even. If he’d noticed her turmoil, it wasn’t showing on his face. “Are you happy, Ella?” He asked softly.

What was he asking? There were so many answers to that question, so many ‘yes’s and ‘no’s. She decided to go with the first one that came to her mind. “Yes. Thank you for helping me out. I was sure I’d have nowhere to go on this Saturday.”

“And were you happy with him? At the start? Before whatever happened that made you run?” He’d pulled out all stops, asking her point blank. Forcing her to open up. Of course, she could refuse to answer. Pretend affront. Take the coward’s way out. 

She squared her shoulders, looked him boldly in the eye, at least she hoped it was a bold look, and said, “I’ve known Christian since I was born. Our moms were…are the best of friends since their childhood.” Her boldness melted away under his intense grey gaze and she looked away into nothing. “I think there were occasions I was really happy with him. More so in our early days as a couple, before he left on his first tour.” 

She licked her lips again, this time because her mouth was dry from fear. Not fear of James, fear of pulling the past into the present. “After he came back from his first tour, he was very controlling, very short tempered.” James offered her his glass of water, and she took a big sip. “He’d always been short tempered, but he found it increasingly difficult to keep his hands off me in his anger.”

The muscles in James’s arms worked. It was fascinating, the play of hard muscle under the skin. “Did he hit you?” He asked, his voice gruff.

“No. At least not in the usual way -” 

James cut her off, “There is no usual way of hitting a woman, Ella.”

She shrugged, “He never kicked me or slapped me. But he’d choke me.” She hadn’t realized she had her hand on her throat until James plucked it away gently and held it in his own. “When I asked for a divorce, he refused. So, I ran when he left for his final tour,” she finished simply.

She stole a glance at James. A muscle ticked in his temple, as if he was grinding his jaw. He looked disgusted. “Tell me about some of the good times you had with him,” he asked.

She drew her brows together, “Why?”

He looked away. What was he playing at? He looked disgusted with Christian’s behavior, yet, at the same time, he seemed to be looking for a way to absolve her husband of his actions. “Any trips you took with him? Maybe to a holiday home he has somewhere on the coast. Maybe a hunting lodge in the country?” He insisted.

Ella stood up. She didn’t know where all the questions were going. But she was tired. “James, I am really tired. I...can you please...” She couldn’t complete the sentence, couldn’t throw him out after he’d done so much to help her. 

***

James rose to his feet, “I’m sorry I should’ve known. I am just a few floors above you. Call me if there’s any problem.” 

Back in his apartment, James pulled out his work. “General Gordon, good evening, Sir.”

“Evening, O’Connor. Do we have anything, son?” 

It was nearly midnight and the man sounded as crisp as if he’d just had his breakfast. “No, Sir. I’m afraid I drew a blank with my latest lead.”

General Gordon sighed, “We’re running out of time. We may actually lose this one. Good night, James.”

General Gordon was right. They may lose this one. Ella was growing to trust him and he’d interrogated her shamelessly. He was disgusted with himself!






Twenty Two


2019 January, 15. New York City
James was up at the crack of dawn, as usual woken rudely by a desert nightmare. He ran a couple of full loops of Central Park before making his way back home. Dragging his feet away from the elevator which would take him to Ella, he forced himself into his private elevator, straight to the penthouse.

After his shower, though, there didn’t seem to be a good enough reason to not go say hi to his new neighbor. She was an early riser. Surely, she’d be up by now even though she’d given herself the day off from her shop. 

It was too late to think of all that anyway, as he’d already knocked at her door. There was a strange scratching at the door before he heard the bolt slide and the door open a crack wide enough for him to step through. If he was lucky, she’d once again be in her skimpy nightdress. With the eagerness of a teen, he stepped in, but was disappointed to see her in a pair of tights and some sort of a woolen dress.

“Good morning, neighbor,” he grinned, thrusting a bunch of flowers he’d bought on his way back home from the run. The smile that lit her face up was definitely more beautiful than the flowers. He filed away the fact in his brain that his lady loved flowers. 

“Oh, thank you! They’re beautiful. What’s up?” She asked.

“Huh?”

“Why the flowers?” She chuckled.

Oh, boy! Buzz was on point when he said he had it bad when it came to this woman. Even her chuckle sounded sexy to him. “Do I need a reason to bring flowers for a beautiful woman?”

This time her laughter was full as she shook her head and said, “Sorry, James. Even you can’t salvage that line from sounding cheesy. But I love the flowers, just the same.”

With her nose in the flowers, she walked inside, leaving him to close the door behind her. The quintessentially domestic scene had James’s hands sweating. The fact that he’d like to see her just as comfortable in his house should’ve had him running for the hills. The fact that it didn’t make him want to run to the hills should’ve had him running even faster. However, here he was, closing the door and following her inside. 

“Have you had breakfast?” He asked, watching her separate the bunch carefully and place the flowers in a vase. 

“Well, I don’t really have breakfast,” she hedged.

“Good. Let’s go,” he said, heading back out. 

“No. Wait,” she hurried after him. 

“C’mon, put on your shoes,” he was having none of it. As it was, her tiny red-tipped toes were playing havoc with his hormones. 

“James. Where do you think you’re taking me?” Ella asked. 

“Do you like waffles?” He asked, ignoring her question. 

“I don’t ever have breakfast,” she insisted.

“Well, you’re having one today,” James declared, holding the door open for her. 

“You’re very bossy. I don’t like bossy people,” she grumbled, planting her feet just inside the door.

“Please? I know a place where they do the best waffles in the world. Please, Ella?” He wasn’t beyond pleading if that meant he spent some time with her.

With a sigh, she picked up her coat from the stand near the door and slipped on a pair of knee high boots with killer heels. James swallowed thickly. If he closed his eyes, he was sure he’d see her in nothing but those heels and maybe an itty-bitty lacy thong. 

“Well?” Hands on her hips, she actually tapped a foot when he stood rooted in the door, practically blocking it with his wide shoulders. “Are we going, or what?” A pair of eyebrows went up in tandem with her question. 

He cleared his throat, “Of course.”

The traffic heading out of New York was flowing easily and they made it through the tunnel into New Jersey in record time. The little shop he was taking her to wasn’t on the map. Yet. Not only did they have the most amazing waffles, they also had one of the best hot chocolates on the east coast. 

Ella looked around at the quaint little shop. It’d started its life as a log cabin on the hill overlooking the Hudson River. The interior would barely seat half a dozen people, but was tastefully done, with distressed wooden furniture, in keeping with the overall look of the cottage. Ella’s eyes practically sparkled as she took in the surroundings.

“How did you find this place?” She asked finally.

“My sister, Carrie, studied at Princeton. She brought me here,” he paused. “You weren’t comfortable telling Buzz the other day about your visit to MIT. Why?” He asked.

Ella shrugged. “Where is your sister now?” So, evasion it was. He had enough patience to watch a snail climb up a mountain. She was so not winning this one. 

“In Paris, with her husband and two kids. Why, Ella?”

She waited for the server to place steaming plates of waffles in front of them before asking, “Oh. And your parents?”

“Living it up in Florida.”

Ella smiled wistfully, “Do you visit them often?”

James shrugged, “Once a year. Mom and Dad are way too busy with their social life anyways.”

“I miss Mom and Dad. Even Auntie Tammy,” she said, her eyes drifting away.

“Who is Auntie Tammy?” James asked.

“Christian’s mom.” 

“How long has it been since you saw your parents?”

“More than a year,” She blinked furiously, trying to keep the tears from spilling. 

James closed his hand over hers on the table, “They don’t visit you often?”

She shrugged, “If they come too often, Christian may suspect. So, they’ve kept to their usual routine of a long trip once every couple of years.”

“I’m sorry, Ella. I can help you get a divorce, if you want,” James said. Then kicked himself mentally. He couldn’t believe he’d let it slip like this. But it was done.

“What do you mean?” She whispered, her eyes wide.

“Forget it!” James hated the snap in his voice, but he was irritated with himself for blurting out what he’d been thinking. 

“How can you help, James?” She insisted. 

“I said forget it, Ella. Are you done now? We should get going,” he said, his voice rough with irritation. She finished the last of her hot chocolate and quietly followed him out of the shop. His frustration lengthened his stride. He knew Ella was practically jogging to keep up with him, but he was too mad with himself for spouting the nonsense about helping her get a divorce. 

He waited with the door open for her to get into the car and slammed it behind her. Easing out onto the I-95 which was uncharacteristically quiet on this downhill patch, he said, “You haven’t answered my question.”

She ignored him, continuing to look out the window. He moved to cover her hands clasped together in her lap, only to be shrugged off. Determined to keep the physical contact, he reclaimed her hands, “I’m sorry, Ella. It wasn’t right of me to give you false hopes. I can’t say with any certainty that I can help you get a divorce.”

He breathed a little easier when she finally looked at him, “Why can’t you let it go? It’s nothing. I told him why I was there and when.”

“Yes. But talking about it made you uncomfortable. The first time he asked you in that bar, you almost fainted with fright. Why?” 

“The first time I was scared he worked for Christian. I was running at the time, remember?”

“But you’re still uncomfortable talking about it,” he insisted.

“Oh, for Christ’s sake! Just let it go!” She said, throwing her hands up.

“I want to get to know you better, Ella. I want to know what makes you happy, what makes you sad, what it is that you fear and what it is you love,” he said, glancing at her for long enough to allow her to see the truth in his eyes. 

“What’s the point?” 

The defeat in her voice tore at his heart, but he shrugged, “Humor me.”

“Ok. I don’t like to talk about it because I hate it that I’m nothing but a high school grad. All of you are engineers, lawyers, doctors. I wanted to go to the Auguste Escoffier School to study to become a chef. I even got accepted at their Austin campus. But I got married instead. Couldn’t even stand up for myself, for my own career. I hate talking about MIT or any school for that matter. Does that satisfy your curiosity?”

He moved into the emergency lane and stopped the car. Putting his arm around her shoulders, he pulled her into him. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have insisted. But know this. A degree doesn’t make a person. Case in point being the asshole Hoover! In any case, I’d bet my little Tesla that you’re better than most of us. Me certainly, ‘cause I’m a dickhead.”

Her silky hair brushed his lips and the self-confessed dick that he was, even that contact had him hardening to the point of pain. Her little chuckle was worth the pain, though, as she said, “Yes, I can definitely get behind that. You are a dick!” 

2019 January, 15. Salt Lake City
“Captain Valli, are we on course?” Christian asked without preamble. They were at the pointy end of this complicated mission now. A few more days. That’s it. And he was free to go collect Ella.

“Of course, Mr. Hoover. The weather forecast is favorable.” This was the most information the captain had shared with Christian voluntarily.

“Good. Keep me posted,” Christian ordered before ending the call. Now the next stage. He jabbed at another contact in the phone book.

“Boss,” Dave’s scratchy voice from years of smoking a pack a day came through. The line was surprisingly clear considering he was in the shit hole that was the Somali coast. 

“Everything on schedule?” 

“Yes, boss. He’ll be there. As long as the ship is on time, we’re good.”

“Good. Keep me posted.” Another call done. No matter how many years he spent working out of a chair, Christian would never stop itching to be in the thick of things. On the ground. There was no rush, no high, better than real action with real consequences. The only other thing that came remotely close was fucking his Ella. So beautifully responsive. He rubbed the front of his tailored pants. At least they had more room than his jeans so he could still breathe in spite of his hard on. His hands curled into fists. She couldn’t have that much control on him, damn it! 

“Cheryl,” he barked down the phone to his secretary. “Book me a flight to New York for Saturday.”

“Yes, Sir. And the return date?” She asked. 

“Don’t bother with a return date. I’ll have you send the Gulfstream when I’m ready to come back.”

“Ok. Will you also be wanting your usual suite at The Plaza?”

“No. Only the damn flight, Cheryl,” he snapped. The woman was efficient but asked too many fucking questions. He had a place to live in New York now. His wife’s apartment.






Twenty Three


2019 January, 15-17. Port of Suez, Egypt
Captain Tomas Valli stood next to the large window in the Monkey Island - the tallest point of his ship and also a mini command center. His gaze fixed on the narrow strip of murky water that went by the name of Suez Canal. His ship was somewhere half-way in the long line of vessels waiting to move into the narrowest, single-lane, for lack of a better word, part of the canal.

In his decade on the sea, he’d had the misfortune of crossing this thin strip of water far too many times. But it was the first time he was in this part of the world since he started working for H-SLAT, Hoover - Sea, Land & Air Transport. Barely a year into the job, he still had to make up his mind about his employer, Christian Hoover. Although he’d been warned by old-timers at the company that the young CEO was a chip off the old block, only worse.

A loud blaring sound, more like the cry of a stuck pig than the horn on a ship rent through the already loud cacophony. Although he hated the canal with a passion, it’d never stop fascinating him. It was saying something, when having travelled the globe many times over, sometimes to places normal people hadn’t even heard of, this little stretch of water still managed to mesmerize him. 

On one side of the canal, the land was a barren desert of softly rolling dunes while on the other hand, thanks to the mighty Nile, it was a lush green paradise. What was common on both sides, though, was the incredible number of people. And, of course, the tall, slim, minarets of mosques which belted out the Adhan, the call for prayer for Muslims, five times a day. Also common was the thick layer of military paraphernalia, men and machinery. 

If it were left to him, he’d choose to go around the bottom of Africa, round the Cape of Good Hope, rather than suffer through this mix of corruption, greed and beauty at a snail’s pace. But time was money and going around the cape added a good ten days to the journey, not to mention the treacherous seas. Besides, it wasn’t up to him, and so, here he was, having paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to wait in the sweltering heat to cross over to the other side. 

After spending the better part of the morning watching his ship inch forward into the canal, Tomas returned back to his quarters. It’d be upwards of twelve to fourteen hours before they were through the bottleneck, and his navigator and helmsman were top notch. He trusted them completely for the crossing. 

It was his employer that he didn’t trust. He’d been a sailor for more than half his life and never encountered a course change order like the one Hoover had issued three days ago. With a curse, Tomas finished his coffee. All he could do now is wait to get out of the suffocating traffic, back to the open ocean. Everything would be right then. Well, as right as it could be with this last minute change of course!

The wait to get through the canal was longer than usual, eating into the lead he’d built up pushing his vessel to max speed. Finally, all of fourteen hours later, they were free. As per orders, the ship picked up speed once again, racing to their final destination a week ahead of schedule. 

The sat-phone rang. Tomas cursed a blue streak before picking it up. It’s true, what they say about sailors and their gutter-mouth.

“Captain Valli, are we on course?” Hoover’s voice clipped out over the satellite static.

Of course, it is! What did the man think? Out loud, Tomas simply said, “Of course, Mr. Hoover. The weather forecast is favorable.”

The phone clicked into silence. Which was well and good by Tomas. Hoover was up to something shady, and he’d be damned if he became an unwitting accomplice. The moment he got to Dubai, he was quitting. Hoover could figure out how to get his vessel back to the USA!

“Captain, an unidentified vessel has been spotted ten knots northwest of us,” Chief Mate Amit Gupta informed as soon as he stepped into the captain’s cabin. With a flick of his wrist, Tomas checked the time. Two in the morning. Two days out of the canal, they must be now be in or close to the Gulf of Aden, near the Somali coast. But the notorious coast had been pirate-free for the last three years. Mostly. 

“Military?” Tomas asked. Despite the substantial drop in pirate activity off the coast of Somalia, several nations maintained military presence in these waters. And those boys didn’t believe in announcing themselves, thus appearing as nameless blobs on the radar.

“Too small,” Amit shook his head. “I have asked the crew to lock up in the Citadel Just in case,” he added. Citadel was the equivalent of the Panic room on a ship. The Citadel was a secure room that locked from the inside. So the crew would be safe in there until the pirates were gone. 

This was precisely why Tomas had appointed a twenty-four year old as his Chief Mate. The young man was clever, thought fast on his feet and wasn’t a simpering fool when it came to making decisions in the Captain’s absence. 

“Good,” Tomas said, shoving his feet into his shoes. “If they’re not a fishing boat staying out overnight, they’ll most likely be too rickety to catch up with us.” Meaning, if they’re pirates. Since 2016, although there hadn’t been any successful pirate attacks, more than a hundred sightings of pirate boats had been reported. 

On the bridge, the two men looked at the rapidly decreasing distance between their ship and the unidentified vessel with increasing discomfort. The crew was a seasoned lot which reflected in the quiet activity outside of the bridge as the few men who remained on deck readied the water cannons and manned the LRAD - the Long Range Acoustic Device.






Twenty Four


2019, January, 17 Somewhere near the Port of Aden
The attack, when it came, was swift, brutal and efficient. Very unlike the regular, run-of-mill band of ragtag locals. Tomas ought to know, he’d faced off two attacks back in the day when these attacks were a given in these waters. If the attack had been a surprise, the behavior of the pirates was even more surprising. 

The water cannons had never been a favorite of Tomas. With their limited coverage, there were enough gaps for the pirates to board the vessel, if they got close enough. It was the LRAD on which Tomas had his hopes pinned. The high pitched noise that the LRAD emitted drove away pirates faster than anything else. But, it only worked if it could be heard. This bunch of mercenaries, for they weren’t pirates in the strictest sense - at least not the kind seen in these waters, had some fancy ear muffs on. The ear muffs had rendered them immune to the LRAD and free to skirt around the water cannons to board the ship. 

A deep breath in, a deep breath out - it always helped Tomas calm down. The pirates swarmed the deck, more than a dozen as far as he could see. All dressed, not in the usual rags of denims that had seen better days and optional tee-shirts, but sleek black wet suits. Not an inch of their skin showed, even their faces were covered in balaclavas. 

Tomas flicked a glance to the left. Amit was by the helm, his arms crossed over his chest, legs planted wide, keen, chocolate brown eyes fixed on the door. To the right, Able Seaman Ian Wallace stood with his heavy auburn brows drawn thick over his small, blue eyes. Both men were calm, but alert. Tomas couldn’t have asked for better support during the next few hours. 

The door to the bridge opened with a thud. Two men, their shoulders slightly hunched over to balance their M4 assault rifles, stepped in. Waving the snout of the rifles, they signaled Tomas, Amit and Ian to crowd closer to each other. Not a word had been spoken yet. 

One of the men walked around Amit to the control center. Tomas kept his eyes on him. The man seemed to know where he was going and what he wanted to do. Calmly, he flicked a couple of switches on the control panel. Tomas didn’t need to look outside to know that he’d switched the water cannons off, nor did he doubt that the acoustic device had also been silenced. The bastards knew their way around his ship!

With a sigh, Tomas slipped his ear muffs off and turned around. The night was alive - its darkness thwarted by the pirates’ bright flashlights, its silence shattered by the thud of the pirates’ boots on the deck and their shouts carrying up from the lower decks. Raising his hands, palms out, he began, “We are not armed.” 

“Shut the fuck up.” One of the balaclava-ed men spat out in a staccato that had to have originated a lot further south than Somalia. “Where is the rest of the crew?” he continued, zeroing in on Tomas. 

“You don’t need to know that,” Tomas stated. “You know where the cargo is. Take it and leave.”

The pirate was on Tomas in the blink of an eye, crashing the butt of the rifle into his stomach. Tomas doubled over. As Amit and Ian rushed to him, the silent pirate let his rifle loose with the clap of thunder. Before Tomas could absorb the blow to his belly and stand upright, Amit was clutching his side and sinking to the floor. 

“Bastardo!” Tomas bellowed, shoving to his feet. He’d have rushed the pirate if not for the swift tug on his trousers. 

“Sir,” Ian warned under his breath. “It’s just a flesh wound. He’ll be ok, but we need to get him to the doc soon.”

Tomas grunted, turning to glare at the pirates. 

“You talk only to answer my question. Anything else, and your men won’t need the doc. Where are the other crew?”

“They’re all out of your way, and will stay that way,” Tomas spat. 

The silent gunman spoke up for the first time since entering the bridge. Tomas didn’t need to understand the language to know that the man had put an end to the questioning. Tomas narrowed in on the second man. Up until now, he’d assumed the man doing the talking to be the captain of the motley crew. Now, with the way the other man had stopped the conversation, he wasn’t so sure.

Amit groaned, pulling his attention away from the duo going at it in what was most likely Afrikaans. Tomas crouched down beside the young man. “Hang in there, mate. We’ll get you to the doc,” he said, before he was yanked back roughly. Tomas felt the sharp dig of a zip tie around his wrists. In a few short moments, the talkative pirate had Tomas, Ian and even the injured Amit tied up while his silent partner kept them steady in the crosshairs of the M4. 

Satisfied that the three men were securely tied up, the two pirates took up positions by the door to the bridge. They seemed to be waiting for something. It was only when the silent one cocked his head that Tomas noticed the tiny, black orb in his ear. Finally, Tomas had his confirmation. These were no ordinary pirates. Their level of organisation, the kind of technology they possessed, these men had to be mercenaries, and highly trained mercenaries at that. But what interest could a bunch of mercenaries have in a vessel carrying nothing but commercial cargo? 

The silent pirate nodded, breaking Tomas’s chain of thought. He signaled his partner with a grunt, then turned around and left the bridge. They’d waited for confirmation from the others that indeed, the rest of the crew was out of sight and that they had the run of the ship.

“They knew exactly where the controls were!” Amit gave voice to Tomas’s earlier observation. 

“Shut the fuck up!” The trigger-happy sentry growled. 

Ian categorically ignored the man, agreeing with Amit, “Aye, that they did, lad. They also have some real fancy equipment.” Everyone, including Tomas, was a ‘lad’ for the old salt. 

The noise of the attackers had died down, replaced by a din of more continuous chatter, broken occasionally by a shouted command. Tomas walked to the glass windows that overlooked the deck. A sharp crack followed him and a bullet lodged itself into the paneling at his feet. Tomas rounded on the pirate, “You have us bound with a gun to our heads. And you’re still afraid of us?” 

“I would’ve preferred to kill you instead of tying you up,” the mercenary snapped, his gun threateningly steady. 

***

“Why is such a well-equipped, well-trained bunch of mercenaries interested in our beef and corn?” Tomas narrowed his eyes.

Now when he wanted the thug to talk, he decided to stay quiet, answering the dig with a simple shrug. 

Tomas ignored the man and turned back again. The deck was a hive of activity with the pirates hauling crate after crate from the lower decks and lowering it down the side of the vessel. No doubt they had smaller crafts waiting to transport the cargo to the mothership. 

“What the hell is in those crates?” Amit muttered, jumping up from his chair. 

Ian was quick to give him a gentle shove back into the chair, “Don’t you go jumping and startin’ to bleed on me again, lad!” 

“I’m fine, Ian. It doesn’t even hurt. Those crates don’t look like corn or beef to me,” Amit grumbled, but sat back in the chair. 

“What the bloody h -” Tomas stopped mid-sentence as a pair of pirates carrying one of the suspicious crates lowered it to the deck. In the shadow of the life rafts, one of the men hacked the top of the crate and pulled out - damn! That looked suspiciously like a gun. What the hell! It was a gun. Another M4, like the ones these thugs were carrying around. Where did that come from?








Twenty Five


2019 January, 15. New York City
He had sounded confident when he offered to help her get a divorce. He had to have a way of getting it done. The bigger question was, whether it’d be a legal way. Ella had done her research, knew her options when Christian refused to sign the divorce papers. 

Both Tilly and Joe were caught up in their school work and she had nothing to do. All the free time on her hands was driving her crazy. She could unpack, put her bedroom together, or maybe start organizing the new kitchen. But the walls were closing in around her. How would James be able to help? Did she want whatever kind of help he was offering? A divorce was the only thing standing between her and true freedom. The only reason she was stressing herself out of sleep was the fact that she was still married.

With a groan, she got up and left the apartment. Although she’d given herself and her friends tomorrow off too, there was a lot to be done before the shop was ready to function on Saturday. The foot traffic outside the shop would keep her mind off James’s strange offer as well as Christian’s impending arrival. His deadline ended tomorrow. After that, he’d arrive any day.

In the shop, she started with the small things first. The cabinets were surprisingly clean, as if they’d be professionally cleaned before the shop was rented. She gave them a wipe regardless. Slowly, the uneasiness drained away. With her favorite music trickling through the airpods, Ella got busy unpacking and setting away the cutlery, the glassware and the thousand other things involved in the everyday running of the coffee shop. 

She nearly jumped out of her skin as she turned around after emptying one of the boxes. Framed in the door of the shop was a squat, wide man. He wasn’t overly tall, certainly not in comparison with the men she knew. But he was wide like a quarterback. She pulled her airpods out of her ears and stuffed them into the pocket of her apron. 

The man waved and smiled a smile that reached nowhere near his eyes. He must’ve knocked which she hadn’t heard because of the music. She wiped her hands on the apron, but stayed rooted to the spot. The morning, not long ago, when James had jumped her ran through her mind like a movie flashback. 

But this was a different time of day. Hundreds, if not thousands, of people walked past this bit of street in an hour. Surely, it wasn’t unsafe to open the door to talk to the man. Finally, she stepped forward and opened the door, feeling very much like Snow White opening the door to let the old hag selling apples in. 

“I’m sorry, but we’re not open today,” she said, pointing to the ‘Closed’ sign on the door.

The man once again smiled the smile that failed to reach his eyes, “I know.”

“Oh! I thought since you were -”

The man cut her off, “Don’t you find it surprising that the owner of this shop would give up a hundred thousand dollars on top of the rent for two years rather than evict you?”

Ella clutched the door, to keep herself from collapsing to the floor. She opened her mouth, but couldn’t get a word out. She couldn’t have heard it right. The man’s gaze raked over her, making her skin crawl. She wrapped her arms around herself.

“I would too, help you, that is, if you let me fuck you,” he jeered.

“You bastard!” Ella cried before slamming the door in the man’s face. She was under no illusions that if the man had wanted to hurt her, kidnap her, even, she’d given him plenty of opportunity. She pulled the roller door shut and let herself out the back door. Her heart thundered in her ears. So, this was the man who must be keeping an eye on her. The one who must’ve sent Christian her photo dancing with James. She wanted to turn back around and hit the man.

***

James spent the whole day brooding over his gaffe in the morning. There was no excuse for letting something like that slip. What was he thinking? He wasn’t thinking, that’s what he was doing. The woman practically had him on a lead, and she wasn’t even trying!

He put himself through a punishing routine in the gym, trying to take out his frustration. And failing. After a quick shower to get rid of the sweat, he wandered over to the terminal he’d hooked to the feed from the security camera opposite what was now Ella’s shop. Munching on an apple, he watched her put away the glassware and other what-nots. As usual, she had airpods stuffed in her ears and was gently swaying to whatever she was listening to.

With increasing irritation, he saw her talk to a stranger who’d walked up to the shop. He pulled his legs off the desk as he straightened in his chair. Whatever the man had said, it certainly had nothing to do with coffee or cake. Ella’s face drained of all color and she clutched the door for support. James shot to his feet throwing the half eaten apple into the garbage bin. Hands stuffed in his pockets, as if it’d keep him from bolting downstairs, he saw the situation unfold. The man hadn’t touched her, but whatever he’d said hadn’t been any less than an attack. 

James pulled open one of the safes in his den and took out a small box. The box contained dozens of tiny chips. He pocketed one and turned his attention back to the shop. The man seemed to have gone because Ella was pulling down the roller shutter over an empty door. It was time to fortify the woman’s security. She probably hadn’t even realized how close she’d been to being kidnapped. The man could’ve easily entered the shop, overpowered her and taken her out the back. Hell, he’d done it once himself. No reason why someone else wouldn’t be able to do it again. 

He’d have loved to tear into her, shake her until some sense filtered in. How difficult was it to understand that she shouldn’t be letting strange men into the shop? Of course, he wasn’t supposed to know what went down in the shop on the first floor. He couldn’t afford for her to know that he had an eye on her - literally. 

He looked around the huge kitchen for a peace offering. He needed something to get him through the door into her apartment. She wasn’t likely to invite him in after the stunt he’d pulled in the morning. So, he’d have to rely on her kindness to get inside her apartment. And abuse it. Once again. 

At last, he found what he’d been looking for. A gigantic bar of Toblerone. It was bound to melt any female heart and Ella’s was especially soft. He picked up the savior bar and hurried out. With the immense discipline drummed into him by the navy, James walked nonchalantly up to her apartment door.

For a long time, there was no movement inside. Perhaps he should’ve checked the cameras at the front of the building to be sure she hadn’t gone out. For a walk, to clear her head, to shop, it could be one of any number of reasons. He was about to turn around and leave to question the duty manager, he heard the soft padding of her shoe-less feet.

“James.” She sounded tired. She also looked drawn. And this time he was responsible for the look, at least partially. 

He thrust the giant chocolate bar at her, along with one of his best grins. Her eyes yo-yoed between the bar of chocolate and his grin, until a small smile lit her face. 

“You’re turning out to be a great neighbor,” she said. “The flowers in the morning, now this. I just might get used to getting spoilt.”

“I’m more than happy to spoil you, Ella.” He gritted his teeth on the word that seemed desperate to get out last. Forever. 

A pretty blush stole up her neck. She stepped aside to let him in, “What’s up?”

“I wanted to apologize for snapping at you in the morning. That was badly done,” he said, meaning it. 

She shrugged, “It’s okay. Everyone loses it at some point in time.”

“Doesn’t mean I take it out on you,” he insisted. 

Her smile turned sad as she said in a voice that was barely above a whisper, “I’m used to it.”

“You shouldn’t be, damn it!”

“It’s nothing, James. Did you want something,” she asked. She looked like she desperately wanted to ask him to leave. She wouldn’t, obviously. She was too polite for that. 

“Not really. But I thought you might be feeling a bit lonely and at loose ends after the non-stop work packing up and moving,” he said, moving into the home behind her. 

“I was, actually,” Ella said, tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear. 

“Do you want to watch a movie?”

“What?” she asked, chuckling.

Suddenly he wasn’t sure what he wanted to do. Maybe she didn’t like movies. “Or go for a walk? I don’t know,” he said, tunneling frustrated fingers through his hair. 

“No. No...I’d love to watch a movie. But I don’t have any CDs or a player, for that matter.”

“That’s easy. I have Netflix. We’ll just use my login. Do you have popcorn?” He asked.

“No...but I do have a huge bag of chips,” she offered.

James looked around, “Where’s your remote. Is your internet on?”

“Yes. They connected it last night, it seems. Remote’s over there,” she pointed to the coffee table. “I’ll go get the chips,” she turned around. 

Her phone was right next to the remote. “Ella, can you also get a coffee for me?” James asked.

“Sure. Why don’t you set up Netflix while I get our goodies,” she suggested.

James got to work the moment she turned her back. Popping open the back of her phone, he pulled the battery out. Carefully, he slipped the tiny chip in before replacing the battery. Ella’s phone was bugged in under a minute. The little chip would send him her location even if her phone was switched off, or its battery dead.






Twenty Six


2019 January, 17. Gulf of Aden, off the coast of Somalia
Captain Tomas Valli was on the deck of his empty ship, glaring at the fast disappearing pirate ship. In under two hours from the moment the pirate ship had been spotted, it was already moving out of sight. The pirates had hauled crate after mysterious crate from the hold, together with the familiar boxes of corn and beef. 

It hadn’t taken them long to free themselves. When the rest of the crew joined Tomas, Ian and Amit on the bridge, the doc didn’t take long to pronounce Amit’s injury as not very serious. 

Tomas rubbed his wrist, tender from the zip tie. His hands itched, no, his feet itched. Actually, his whole body itched to go after those bastardos and make them pay for their crime. But first things first. He had an employer to update. Walking back to the bridge, he put the call through to Hoover. 

“Captain Valli,” Hoover’s crisp voice sounded through an exceptionally clear satellite link. If he was surprised to receive a call from Tomas, his voice didn’t show it. 

“Mr. Hoover. I’m afraid I have some very disturbing news,” Tomas started. 

“I’m listening.”

“A few hours ago we were attacked by pirates a hundred and fifty nautical miles off the Port of Aden,” Tomas informed. 

There was silence at the other end. Then, “What happened?”

“The pirates came out of nowhere, with a shitload of firepower and emptied the cargo. All of it.”

“Did you check the holds? Is everything gone?” Hoover asked.

Tomas’s hand tightened on the phone. That’s the first thing the asshole thinks of asking?

“First mate Amit was shot, but he is alright now. The rest of the crew are all safe, in case you’re wondering,” Tomas couldn’t help the bite in his voice. “And to answer your question, yes. Everything’s gone. Including the cargo we didn’t know we were carrying. The only thing left behind is the cars,” Tomas highlighted, but received no reply. 

“Is the ship intact? Can you get to Aden?” Hoover asked. 

There was something about Hoover’s reaction, more precisely, the lack of a reaction, that didn’t ring quite right. Wasn’t he the least bit curious what cargo Tomas was referring to? But then, there’d been something about the bandits that didn’t ring quite right. Tomas couldn’t put a finger on either of the two. 

“She didn’t take any damage. We can make it to port in 72 hours,” Tomas confirmed. 

“Roger,” Hoover said. Then after a pause, he added, “I’ll have the company jet waiting for you guys at Aden. See what needs to be done about the handing over to the new crew who can take it on to Dubai and then take the jet back home.”

Tomas desperately wanted to read something more than a sensible business decision into this unexpected offer from his employer. The man was an enigma. Hot one minute and cold the next. Instead, all he said was, “Thanks.” 

There was no response from Hoover and Tomas had the phone off his ear when he snatched it back up, “Mr. Hoover.”

Hoover must’ve also been about to cut the call, because there was a pause, before he came back online, “What is it, Captain Valli?”

“Why was I carrying guns and ammunition?”

Silence descended on the other end of the phone. “Explain.”

“Some of the crates the pirates took away contained guns. I saw an M4 myself. I don't know what other kinds there were, but I wouldn’t hesitate to bet that there was also plenty of ammunition in the hold. Do you have an explanation for that?” Tomas countered. 

“Tread carefully, Captain Valli. I don’t take kindly to insubordination. As for the cargo you didn’t know about, that’s my problem. Thank you for bringing it to my attention.”
“The pirates. They weren’t real pirates. They were mercenaries,” Tomas insisted. At least one of the funny feelings that’d been bothering him had been addressed. The ‘pirates’ were a group of mercs, just as ruthless, just as highly trained and just the right mix of different nationalities.

“Thank you, Captain Valli. I’m sure the investigators will value your observation.”

Tomas sat in his cabin, listening to the satellite static drown out the soft music of the sea. Hoover hadn’t been the least bit surprised when he heard about the attack or the weapons. It was almost as if the bastard had known about it all.






Twenty Seven


2019 January, 16. New York City
Ella buried her face in the pillow, trying to smother the silly grin that kept breaking through. It’d been one of the best days she’d had. Ever. Sure, it started off rocky with James letting slip something really weird, then getting snappy at her as if it was her fault. Add in Christian’s Crazy Man to the mix and the day was on a definite downward trajectory. But then James turned up with the Toblerone and the day simply turned around. 

She sat up suddenly. The man had said something which she should’ve paid attention to. But James had come in right after she came back up, making her forget everything. It was good to forget how messy life was and enjoy the little things. Now her mind was full of said small things, blotting out the important bits. She groaned and lay back down. It’d come back to her eventually. In the meantime, it was time to go to bed. There was a coffee shop waiting to be opened up to the public in another day.

2019 January, 16. Salt Lake City
Christian turned up the volume of the TV. 

A cargo ship, owned by the US transport giant H-SLAT, was set upon by pirates off the coast of Somalia. It is understood that the entire cargo was stolen, but the crew is said to be unharmed. This is the first pirate attack in over three years along the coast of Somalia. The Somali Government has condemned the attack and reiterated its commitment to keep their coast safe and free of pirates.

He muted the TV. He’d learned all he wanted to know. The rest was anyway not for public consumption. 

“Cheryl, I’ll be out for the next hour,” he said as he strode past his secretary to the elevators. It was a pain in the ass, running out of the office every time he had to take care of his other business. But then, if not for that strict regimen of never conducting his other business from the offices of H-SLAT, he would’ve been sitting in a not very comfortable cell at Gitmo rather than the leather seats of his beloved Ferrari. 

This time was the closest he’d ever come to getting caught. Whoever had planted the bugs in his office and his penthouse had been incredibly good. There could be no doubt that they’d used one of the Seal teams for the mission. Wonder which of his former mates was part of the team. 

He parked in the nearly empty car park at Pioneer Park and stepped out. Plodding through last night’s thick snow, he ventured further into the park before pulling his burner phone out, “Dave.”

“Boss. It went without a hitch. I have it stashed in the hangars here at the no-name aerodrome, waiting for the C-130J,” Dave provided an efficient update. 

Christian grunted his response, added a ‘well done’ and ended the call. 

2019 January, 16. New York City
A sharp trill of his work phone woke James up. For the first time in years, he’d slept past the absurd hour of four am. “Bloody hell!” He muttered as he tried to wipe sleep from his eyes. If General Gordon was calling at this hour, it was not to remind him to brush his teeth after his breakfast. 

“General Gordon, Sir. Good morning.” 

“Not a very good morning, James. Did you hear about the pirate attack?” General Gordon asked. 

“No, Sir. I haven’t yet seen it,” James admitted. 

“Well, one of Hoover’s ships was attacked by pirates off the coast of Somalia,” General Gordon informed. 

“Damn! Do we have anyone near there?” James asked, wanting to be sure there were no US Navy ships in close proximity to the ship that was attacked. 

“No one near there. They are all near Mogadishu, preparing to receive the POTUS,” General Gordon confirmed his suspicions. 

“It can’t be a coincidence, Sir,” James said, finally. 

“No. I’m thinking not. See what you can find out, will you?” Gordon ordered.

“Yes, sir,” James said before hanging up. 

He paced around the room, trying to think through this latest development. But, Ella’s face was a constant distraction. He’d thoroughly enjoyed spending the day with her yesterday. Several times he’d thought of leading her to talk about the man who had scared her in the shop. He had to be Hoover’s man, the man who’d been tailing her. But she looked so happy and relaxed, James hadn’t had the heart to ruin it for her. He’d already done it once that day, after all. 

He stepped into a cold shower. Time to get his head in the game. There were pirates to chase, weapons to intercept. He could do none of that until he got that beautiful woman out of his head.

The chatter about the weapons was in South Sudan. A pirate attack off the coast of Somalia was far away, yet not far enough. For someone who had knowledge of the area, it wouldn’t be all that hard to get the weapons inland into South Sudan. And with more than half a dozen stints in Africa, Hoover had more than enough knowledge. The man knew the geography, the people and several of the local languages. Yes, it’d be easy for him to move a cache of weapons from the Somali coast to South Sudan to fuel the brutal war raging there.

It might pay to look into the cargo manifest of the ship that was attacked. However, James would bet a month’s income that the cargo manifest would be totally on the level. Yet, there was no harm in finding out. Although, it may be more interesting to find out exactly where the ship was headed. Who were the clients?

It was time to see what Hoover’s broker had to say. Early on in his investigation of Hoover, James had found the broker’s name. For a quick moment he thought of calling Legend’s Cathy. After all, she worked for Eli Bergmann, the broker for H-SLAT. Of course, if he did that, Legend would hand him his ass on a plate, or worse. Nope. It was better to take the safer route and simply hack into the broker’s systems.

The broker’s system turned out to be a lot better protected than James had expected. But once inside, the cargo manifest was clean - corn, soy and beef for Egypt and luxury cars for the final destination of Dubai. The usual fare, really. James winced, the people in Dubai were going to be really mad at losing their fancy rides. Lucky the Egyptians got their food before the pirates struck. 

One of the several lessons learned in the navy was never to assume anything. If the beef and corn were headed to Egypt, did it get there on time? A quick call to Suez port would settle that issue. Or so James had thought. What he learned, instead, was that the H-SLAT ship didn’t stop to download cargo at Suez. They chugged on ahead, instead. Why would the ship not make the scheduled stop? It made no sense to pass through Suez, but not download the cargo which the buyers would be waiting for. 

Unless, Hoover wanted his ship to be at a specific place at a specific time - time which had to be brought forward because of the President’s visit to Somalia!






Twenty Eight


2019 January, 16. New York City
Suddenly, time was in short supply. There had to be a reason the cargo ship moved on without making it’s delivery in Egypt. Although the man on duty at the port office had been helpful, he was no help when it came to why the delivery was canceled - or delayed.

James went through the cargo manifest he’d downloaded from the broker’s computers. With a quick look at the time, he placed a call through to one of the consignees. 

“Mr. Hassan, my name is James Carter. I work for InsureURShip. I assume you’ve heard of the pirate attack off the coast of Somalia on a cargo ship heading to Dubai from New York? The vessel was insured via InsureURShip.”

In a distinctly British accent, Mr. Abasi Hassan replied, “Indeed, we’ve heard of the tragedy, Mr. Carter. How may I be of assistance?”

“We’re conducting an initial investigation of the incidence and I’d like to ask a few questions.” 

Following Mr. Hassan’s quiet consent, James continued, “You are one of the consignees on the manifest of the attacked vessel. Do you use H-SLAT often?”

“They are our preferred transporters, yes.”

Short and sweet, Mr. Hassan wasn’t giving away anything. James could appreciate that. “Was the current shipment to your satisfaction?”

“Mr. Carter, I don’t see how that is pertinent to your investigation,” Hassan hedged.

“Mr. Hassan, the information you provide won’t be disclosed to anyone other than the investigating team. We require this information to finalize the insurance payout to H-SLAT,” James insisted.

“I see. Our shipment was scheduled to be delivered on the way back. So we’ve lost it to the attack.”

“That’s curious. Why would you accept additional delay in delivery when the vessel passed right through your port?” James asked, letting his disbelief show through. 

There was a longer than necessary pause. Then, “Well, that was our choice.”

“From the outset? Did you agree to this delayed delivery when the vessel started from the USA, or was it a last minute decision?” James asked.

Another long pause. This time James didn’t give him a chance to formulate his response, “Mr. Hassan, I can’t impress upon you how important it is that we understand the truth.”

There was an audible sigh at the other end, before Mr. Hassan replied, “No. It was a last minute decision. We were offered a substantial discount on the cost to accept a late delivery.”

“Thank you, Mr. Hassan. Your input is greatly appreciated.”

James paced around the den, his gut screaming at him. This was possibly the break he’d been looking for. He picked up a banana and sat back down. This lead had to be followed to the end. Besides, it wasn’t as if there were any other leads to follow! 

He logged into the National Geospatial Agency’s live satellite feed of the area where the attack had taken place. If the vessel did contain weapons, how were they going to take those weapons inland into South Sudan? Unless all this was a massive coincidence. 

After an hour of poring over the arid coast near the location of the attack, grid by painstaking empty grid, he wanted a break. But if this was what he thought it was, he didn’t have time to waste. If the weapons were still in Somalia, he may be able to scramble a team together to intercept them. James rubbed his eyes, trying to get his focus back. Trying to find an airstrip in the sandy interior of Somalia was hard work. If eye-breaking were a term like back-breaking, this work would fit the bill. 

When one patch of dark green shrubbery started running into the other, it was time for lunch. He nuked a mac and cheese, took it to the living room and flicked the TV on. The news channels seemed to have moved on from the pirate attack, going back to cover hurricane Nathan which was churning up the Louisiana coast. 

Wolfing down his lunch, James was back at his desk. He had some of the best equipment money could buy, yet the processing power was nothing close to the big-ass computing power of the computers at NGA. The multilayered maps took forever to load and resolve. But poring over computer screens for two hours was nothing compared to staking out in the heat and sand of the desert waiting for the baddies to show their face. So, he kept at it. 

Nearly three hours into the search, he suddenly sat up straight in his chair. An aircraft sat like a plump leech on a seemingly deserted strip of desert. It was a C-130J Hercules. There were a few small structures around the area. 

Yes. This was it. The Hercules was there to haul the weapons off. James quickly froze the frames showing the aircraft and saved them. Then, he called General Gordon, “Sir. I have something. I sent you a few images. The images show an area about 30 miles in from the point where the attack took place. A C-130J is currently sitting on a makeshift airstrip.”

“Can’t chalk that one up to coincidence,” General Gordon muttered. 

“No, Sir. If we have a delta team ready for insertion, we could intercept the weapons,” he couldn’t keep the excitement from his voice. 

“That’s a negative, James. We can’t conduct a strike in broad daylight on foreign land. You know that,” General Gordon’s reprimand was gentle, but there nonetheless. 

“Sir, once this Fat Albert takes off with the weapons, there’s no way to keep track of it. This is going to be an unregistered flight.” It was a losing fight, but he’d fight it all the same. He knew General Gordon was going to do the same thing with Gen. Brendon Jacobs, Commander - US Africa Command as soon as he got off the phone. Only to be given the same answer. These weapons were going to get to their destination without a hitch.

“You did good, son. Now we have a clear bead on Hoover, let’s make sure the next shipment is caught well in time. In the meantime, I’ll sic the Feebs onto him. They also need to earn their keep, after all.” With that, General Gordon was off the call. 

James dropped the phone on his desk, leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. To say this had turned into a big frustration, was an understatement. Straightening up, he switched on the screen showing the feed from Ella’s shop. It was all quiet. A quick look at the watch told him she’d be out with her friend, some movie the girls had planned on watching. 

2019 January, 16. Salt Lake City
Christian’s burner phone buzzed in his pocket. The sweetest message he’d seen in a while flashed on the tiny screen. 
All good, boss. 
He stuffed the phone back in his pocket. It was good to have this mission put to bed. Not that it was in the clear just yet. It could still go to shit, the aircraft could crash, be hit by a stray missile or any number of other accidents could happen. He’d know soon enough - it wouldn’t take more than three hours for the aircraft to get to the final RVP. 

He picked up the phone, “Cheryl. Cancel the booking you made for me for next Saturday. Make one for this Sunday instead.”

“Yes, Sir.” For once the bitch didn’t have follow-up questions! 

Christian leaned back in his chair, linked his fingers behind his head and closed his eyes. He could already feel Ella’s silky skin beneath him.






Twenty Nine


2019 January, 17. New York City
Ella flipped the light on to look around the new shop. It looked perfect! It may be the same size as her old shop, but this one was in much better shape. The paint was fresh, the furniture was polished, but the best bit? The shop got a healthy dose of winter sun. 

After a hard day’s work and a harder evening of having fun with Tilly, Ella had crashed into bed late at night to wake up straight to the tune of her morning alarm. She hadn’t seen James for the whole day, neither had she had any nightmare for the whole night. A small laugh bubbled up at the combination her mind had decided to make - James and nightmares. Of course, it was unfair to James. Nightmares had plagued her since she’d left Christian. And before that? Before that, her days were nightmares, especially when Christian was home. 

Now, back in her work kitchen after three days off, her hands were itching to get started. She was also itching to open up the roller door at the front like usual. She hated dark, closed spaces. But after the encounter with Christian’s man, she rather liked the closed space better. 

She stuffed the airpods into her ears, turned the music on and started with her cupcake batter. The familiar task was cathartic. She hadn’t seen James for an entire day. It really shouldn’t have been a notable fact, yet, here she was wondering what he’d been up to. She didn’t need to miss him. The wonderful evening spent watching a movie and stuffing on junk food must not have meant as much to him as it did to her. 

Her eyes kept drifting over to the dark sheet of steel covering the front door. It was Saturday. A week since Christian had found her. The deadline he’d given her ended today. Would she find him standing outside if she opened the door right now? Her heart rate picked up. It might be best to wait for Tilly to come before opening the shop up.
 
Ella jumped when a loud bang got through her music. Whipping her airpods out, she turned around to look at the back door as if it’d come alive. She wiped her suddenly clammy palms on her apron, cleared her throat and called out, “James?”

“Yes, it’s me, Ella. Open up.” 

She pulled in a deep, relieved breath. When she let him in, he hijacked all the empty space in her shop, making it positively claustrophobic. Now with him in the shop, there was no reason for the front roller to be closed. She refused to think about why she felt safe with him. But before she could go across the small space to open it up, James pointed at the door, “I’m surprised you haven’t opened it up.”

She shrugged, “I was just about to open it up.”

He nodded, bending down to pull it up. 

“Thank you,” she murmured, going back to the oven to pull her cupcakes out. “Today’s Saturday. Don’t you ever sleep in?” She asked, setting the cupcakes out to cool on the tray. It was just past six, too early for most to be up on Saturday morning. 

He was quieter than usual, busying himself with setting up four chairs around each of the two small tables that made up the indoor seating of the shop. Her eyes drifted to his strong, ropey forearms, the tendons barely flexing as he moved the light furniture around. Giving up on receiving an answer to her question, she tried again, “Out jogging?”

“Hmm.”

“Coffee?” She asked, pulling her eyes away from the intensity in his grey eyes to concentrate on lining the pastry sheet into her pie dish. 

“Please.” Another monosyllabic answer. 

Ella wiped her hands on a tea towel to start the coffee machine, “Do you want something to eat? I just pulled the scones out of the oven.” He’d planted himself in the center of the shop, his hands stuffed deep into his pockets. 

“No. Just coffee. Why did you have the steel door closed today?” He demanded again, his gaze unwavering. 

She held the coffee mug out to him silently. He stepped closer to her work bench, leaned his hip into it and taking the mug from her, he placed it back on to the bench. Crossing his arms over his chest, took a deep breath, “I never sleep well. Nightmares. Can’t get bloody Afghanistan out of my psyche.” 

Her head snapped up, but his eyes were trained on the tips of his trainers. For the first time since she’d met him, he was avoiding eye contact. She could almost see him as a little boy, scuffing his toe on the ground while owning up to some mischief. Only in this case, it wasn’t mischief, it was the trauma, all soldiers who’d seen action, had to combat with every single day of the rest of their lives. 

She wanted to say sorry, to hug him. She didn’t do any of it, but stepped closer to place a gentle hand on his arm. Like the predator he so resembled, he reacted in a flash. Wrapping his hand around her neck, he pulled her closer. His lips crashed onto her and taking advantage of her gasp, his tongue surged into her mouth. Like a little skiff in an angry storm, she got lost in the sensation. 

Her hand lifted from his arm as she linked her fingers together at the nape of his neck. He gathered her closer with his free arm at her waist. She felt a hard poke in her stomach, pulling her from the daze.

She pushed into his chest, feeling his arm loosen around her, allowing her to step away. 

He cleared his throat, “Ella, don’t you feel safe in this place?” 

Finally, she confessed, “I was afraid to open the door.”

Like a cat pouncing on his prey, his eyes were on her, “Why?”

Were that someone had reminded her not to feel bad for dominating men. But now that she’d given him an opening, he’d not let her rest until he’d taken the rest from her. Why didn’t men ever understand that women also had their pride? She sighed. Going back to spooning the cream into the baked pastry in the pie dish, she said, “Day before yesterday, I was putting some stuff away in the morning. A man knocked, so I opened up the door to tell him we -”

“Jesus Christ, woman! Aren’t you ever going to learn?” James bellowed, making her screw her eyes shut to tune him out. 

“If you can’t hear me out, don’t ask me to tell you,” she snapped. 

“Sorry. Go on,” he conceded. 

He could’ve put a little bit more work into the ‘sorry’. But she didn’t tell him that. And then it hit her. The thing the man had said that’d been niggling at the back of her mind. She narrowed her eyes, “In fact, you have to hear the next bit. You actually may have something to say about it.” He raised a brow, indicating for her to go on. “He said, the owner of this shop had been offered a hundred thousand in addition to the rest of the two year rent. The man couldn’t understand why the owner refused to kick me out in spite of the very generous offer.”

She paused, looking for a reaction. His face was blank, too blank. Carefully blank. So, she continued, “That’s almost a quarter of a million dollars. Plus he could rent it right back out and make another 150K.”

He shrugged, “Who knows what goes on in people’s heads. Maybe he doesn’t need the money. Remember this place had been vacant before they let it to you.”

“Precisely. If they didn’t rent it out for who knows how long, why suddenly rent it to me if they didn’t need the money? And if they needed the money why not take the offer?” She challenged. 

“Ever heard of the saying never look a gift horse in the face?” He asked instead of taking the bait.

“James, please tell me you had nothing to do with this? Do you know who owns this place?” She hated the tone that crept into her voice. She desperately needed him not to be involved in the new rental. 

This time his eyes held her gaze, never wavering, confident. But he didn’t say anything. Not in denial, not in acceptance. She bent down to place the sliced pie into the display cabinet. When she straightened, he asked, “What are you doing tonight?”

“Putting my wardrobe together.” 

“Come to my place.”

“What?”

“Have dinner with me, at my place,” he repeated, pointing up. 

“No. I can’t. I’ve got to sort my clothes out.”

“You can’t or you won’t? Or you don’t want to?” He insisted.






Thirty


2019 January, 17. New York City
He’d left his coffee behind when he strode out the back door, leaving Ella in a storm she hadn’t made and couldn’t understand. Her whole body was still tingling from where she’d touched him. She licked her lips, thinking about the only other kiss she had for comparison, which was Christian’s. This one was similar in a lot of ways and yet entirely different. James’s kiss was just as demanding, as dominating as Christian’s, but with James, she felt equally in control. She felt confident that she had the power to stop it if she wanted to. 

The day was finally nearly done, having crawled along at a sloth’s pace. She’d felt Joe’s eyes on her all afternoon and had studiously ignored the questions he’d not voiced. He piled the last of the chairs on top of the table and turned around, glaring at her, “Well, out with it, woman!”

She hoped she looked suitably confused as she widened her eyes at him, “What do you mean, Joe?”

“Yeah, no. That’s not gonna work, and I’m disappointed that you thought you’d get away with it. Something’s been on your mind all day. Now, out with it,” Joe practically threatened. 

“James invited me to his place tonight.” It was best to just come out with it, like ripping off a band-aid, instead of trying to ease into it. 

“What the hell? What do you mean invited you to his place at night?” Joe bellowed.

“Shh, Joe,” Ella hissed, turning to lock the front door. “It’s not like he asked to sleep with me. It’s just for dinner.”

“If you think it’s for any reason other than to get into your pants, you’re blind. The man’s been shooting for that since the day he met you. And don’t you kid yourself it’s anything else.”

“I won’t sleep with him, Joe. He knows that.” Her eyes flicked to the date on the calendar she’d stuck on the inside of the pantry door. 

“It’s not going to stop him from trying!”

They were quiet for a time, each in their own thoughts. Until Joe started hesitantly, “Ella, you know I wasn’t trying to say you should or shouldn’t sleep with him.”

“I know, Joe.”

“I just don’t want you to go from one controlling asshole to another.”

She laughed, “The way you put it, there are no good men around, only assholes and bastards.”

“You certainly seem to be attracting only those types,” Joe retorted. “If it were someone like me,” he smirked, “I wouldn’t worry about you. Hell, even the other two jokers, Buzz and Legend, are alright. But James is one sneaky bastard.”

Ella put away the rag she was using the wipe down the counter. “I’ll be careful, Joe.” 

He nodded, gave her a quick hug and pulled his jacket on. “See you tomorrow, love.”

Her breath hitched. Tomorrow, she’d be living on borrowed time. He seemed to read her mind, “He can’t take you away, Ella. I know you will stand your ground and fight. You have all our support, and I’d fight this fight for you. But it’s something you need to do.”

She pulled the steel door closed after Joe left. For the millionth time in the day, she looked at the calendar, at the date. The final day of Christian’s deadline. What was she going to do when he turned up tomorrow? Maybe she should be thinking more about what he’d do when he turned up tomorrow. There was no doubt that he’d be at her door tomorrow. 

She wouldn’t put it past him to force her to return with him. If he took her back against her wish, could she call it a kidnapping? Could a husband force his wife to return to their home be called kidnapping? Maybe tonight was a good night to get drunk. Forget about this mess. Her phone beeped - text message. With trembling hands, she swiped the phone and released a deep breath. It wasn’t Christian!

See you in an hour.

Before she lost her nerve, Ella typed her reply to James. Okay.

***

Like a bloody teen, James had been pacing his living room for the past quarter of an hour. Looking at the time every three seconds didn’t make time go any faster. To keep from marching down to her apartment to bring her home, he checked on the table he’d laid out for the tenth time. 

“Our guest is coming at six, no?” Pierre called out from the kitchen. It was his way of telling James to stop pacing around like a madman. The Frenchman was one of the best chefs James knew and the chef was doing him a favor by cooking tonight’s meal. 

“Is the starter ready?” James snapped back. Pierre was a good friend, a very good friend in fact. Didn’t mean he got to have fun at James’s expense!

“I can’t concentrate with you prowling around like a hungry lion,” Pierre retorted. “Or a tomcat in heat,” he added, bursting out in loud guffaws. 

“Oh, shut up, Pierre.”

“It’s still ten minutes to six, James. Sit down, have some wine, relax. She’s a woman. She won’t be here for another half an hour,” Pierre advised.

“She’ll be on time,” James shot back. Then, under his breath, added, “Or I’ll go down and get her.”

Luckily Pierre held his tongue this time. But not his laughter. James let a few choice words fly, loud enough for Pierre to hear. Then poured himself a finger of scotch and stood by the glass wall, allowing the nine to fivers to entertain him with their colorful scarves and umbrellas to ward off the pesky January rain. 

He tipped the rest of the whisky at the sound of a bell. The small screen next to the door showed her stepping out of the elevator into his lobby. He was at the door before Ella had walked across the six feet width of the lobby. She stopped at the threshold of the living room, where he was blocking the door. 

She was wearing a deep blue dress with little pink and white flowers, one that looked like the traditional dress worn by Chinese women. It was buttoned up right at her throat and ended at her knees. She’d done something to her hair so they were all neatly packed up behind her head, leaving her slender neck free. She’d also done something to her eyes that made them look mischievous - like a cat’s.

“Hi.” She whispered. 

He nearly stumbled when Pierre thumped him on the shoulder, “Mon dieu! Let mademoiselle in, you oaf!”

James turned to glare at Pierre, but the man’s eyes were glued to Ella and he had the biggest smile plastered to his face. He stuck his hand out, “I am Pierre, James’s friend. I have the honor of cooking for you tonight.”

“Oh!” Ella breathed, as she moved to shake his hand. Pierre gently pulled her hand to his lips, placing a soft kiss on her knuckles. Her giggle was the sweetest sound James had ever heard. He groaned at the thought. She was turning him into a pantywaist. 

He elbowed Pierre in the ribs, showed him his teeth and said, “Now that the introductions have been made, you might want to let her in.” He proceeded to place his hand on the small of Ella’s waist and pulled her closer to him, into the living room. Pierre threw a jaunty salute Ella’s way, but had the good sense to make himself scarce.

“You look stunning,” he leaned down to whisper in Ella’s ear. 

“Thank you,” she said, allowing him to lead her into the room. 

“Drink?” he asked, moving to the bar which sat next to the fireplace. He definitely needed something to occupy his hands with.

“White wine?” she asked. 

“Coming up.” James poured himself another finger of his trusty scotch, together with a flute of white wine for her. 

She’d gravitated towards the glass wall that overlooked 5th Ave. He joined her there, handing her the wine, “Thank you for coming.” Hopefully, as the evening progressed he’d manage to make better conversation, because right now he felt like his head was full of cotton wool and his dick was full of blood. 

“You have a lovely view here.”

“Let me show you the rest of the house.” Finally! The first remotely sensible thing to fall out of his mouth since she’d stepped into his house. Things were looking up.

He led her inside through the living room into the kitchen and dining, but quickly steered her up the stairs, away from Pierre’s French charm. 

“So, is Pierre a chef?” She asked.

Definitely not what he wanted to talk about, but he’d humor her. “Yes. One of the best in New York.”

“Was he also in the army with you?” 

“No. He’s Carrie’s brother-in-law.” 

“Okay.”

He took her through the whole of the upper level, skirting wide of his den, before taking her out onto the terrace. “It must be beautiful here in the summer,” she said, looking at the million lights of New York spread out before them. 

He saw a fine shiver run through her and pulled her into his shoulder. “Yes. It is. But in winter it is pretty useless. Let’s get you in.”

By the time they got back down, some of the blood was back in his brain and he could think enough to make decent conversation. Of course, Pierre’s food helped. And the fact that he left right after he’d brought out the starters.

“The meal was amazing, James. Please tell Pierre I absolutely loved it!” She said leaning back in her chair, her hand rubbing her belly. 

James chuckled, “I hope you left some room for my special hot chocolate!”

Ella groaned, “I couldn’t possibly put another bit in here.”

“Well, too bad. Come on in. I need a coffee after this meal and you are having a hot chocolate,” he said rising to his feet. 

“It’s on you if I burst out of this dress,” she complained.

James let his gaze rake over her, not bothering to disguise his desire. “Trust me, Ella, I’d like nothing better than to see you out of this dress.”

The flush that crept up her face almost had James reconsidering his idea of a coffee. He turned around abruptly before she forced him to lose control and stalked out to the sound of Ella’s heels clicking behind him. She leaned her hip against the stone bench as he busied himself with the coffee machine and the hot chocolate. 

“Do you want to tell me what’s been bothering you?” He asked, keeping his eyes on his work. 

Her gasp told him he’d read her mood right. She’d put on a brave face all evening, had even enjoyed herself. But, she had something on her mind that was eating away at her happiness.

She wrapped her arms around her middle, supporting herself. He wanted to pull her into him. Give her the strength she was looking for. Take away her pain.

“I’ve run out of time,” she said finally, her voice barely above a whisper. 

“The deadline Hoover set for you to return back to him?” He asked, unable to keep the hard edge off his voice. 

“Yes. He’ll be here tomorrow,” she added.

“You know you don’t have to do as he says, right?” James asked.

“Everyone keeps saying that,” she threw her arms up, her voice breaking. “But...” She trailed away, closing her eyes. James gave up on his coffee making and walked around the bench to stand in front of her.

“But?”

“I can’t fight him if he decides to force me to go with him,” she forced the words out as if they were knives carving up her insides. She swiped furiously at the tears that trickled on to her cheeks. “It’s easy for Joe and you to say I don’t have to go with him. How am I going to stop him?” She asked miserably. 

“I can keep you safe,” he said fiercely, grabbing her elbows and pulling her closer, forcing her to look into his eyes. To see the promise there, if only she’d have it.

“He won’t sign the divorce papers and he has all the police in Salt Lake City on his side.” She was trembling in his arms. 

“Ella,” he started. 

But she cut him off, shaking her head wildly. “Will you help me forget it all for one night, James?” She blurted, as if she was worried if she didn’t get them all out she might lose her nerve. He heard it for what it was. And it stunned him. He wanted her, yes. Desperately. But not like this. Not when she was blinded with terror. 

He realized he’d not answered her plea when she did lose her nerve. Her small hands pushed at his chest as she tried to step away. “I...I’m sorry. I’ve no right to ask thi -”

He covered her trembling lips with his, swallowing the rest of her apology. He lifted his head only when he felt her surrender, when her body turned soft, leaning into his. 

“You can ask anything of me, Ella. Anything. Don’t ever feel like you haven’t the right. I want you,” he pushed his hips into her, letting her feel the hard proof of how much he wanted her.

“But I won’t take advantage of you. Not when you are upset and scared,” he finished softly.

“I’m not. I just want to know I’ve control over my own life. This is my decision, James, my choice. Please don’t take it away from me.” She rose up on her toes, pulling his head down to her and kissed him. It was sweet and tender and teasing and demanding all at the same time. 

He pulled away when she’d kissed them both out of breath and asked, “Are you sure, Ella? You want this for yourself?”

“Yes. For myself. Make love to me, James.”

Even the devil himself wouldn’t have made her beg any further. He was but a man. He bent, slid an arm behind her knees to lift her up into his arms and took the steps two at a time to his bedroom.






Thirty One


2019 January, 18. New York City
Ella snuggled deeper into the thick covers. She was sore like she hadn’t been in a long while. It felt good. Her eyes were too heavy to open, but her brain was up. She’d allowed James to make love to her last night. Well, not really. She’d practically forced him to do it. She wanted to laugh out loud. She’d taken control. There was only one thing, though. When had she come back to her apartment? 

She smoothed her hands over the covers. It felt different. Not the beautiful quilt with silk threads running all over it. This felt more like wool. Her hands curled into the covers. She couldn’t have stayed the night with James. 

Her alarm hadn’t gone off yet, so she probably had some more time to laze around in the bed. But she couldn’t get comfortable. Something wasn’t right. She cracked open her eyes. A large form was outlined against the wall. She blinked and the form coalesced into that of a large man. 

With a muffled cry, Ella sat up and scampered back in the bed until her back hit the head board. She blinked again trying to focus on the man in her room, while pulling the covers up to her chin. She wasn’t wearing her pajamas. The man was moving closer, his lips were moving. Then she saw him. James.

The blood roaring in her ears slowed down and she could hear him call her name. He looked worried. She closed her eyes, drawing in a deep breath. It was okay. 

“Ella,” James called again, his hand gentle on her bare shoulder. 

She laughed. It sounded nervous to her own ears. “Sorry. I couldn’t figure out where I was for a minute.” Her gaze dropped to his chest as he sat down next to her on the bed. There was a soft mat of golden hair on his hard chest. She knew that now. Blood rushed into her ears again. This time for a very different reason. 

His finger slid under her shin, forcing her to look up into his beautiful grey eyes. “Were you having a nightmare?”

“No,” she shook her head. “I thought I was back at home and got scared thinking...umm...thinking there was a stranger in the house,” she explained. 

“Hmm. It’s six am. Do you want to sleep a bit more?” He asked.

“No. I might as well get up and get going. There’s a shop waiting to be opened up at nine,” she sighed. 

He nodded, leaned over to place a tiny feather of a kiss on her lips and got up from the bed. “There’s a new brush in the bathroom. Come on down when you’re ready.” On his way out, he threw a large white shirt at her before closing the door silently behind him. 

Ella closed her eyes. Not wanting to get out of bed, relishing the dull ache, the feeling of fullness after nearly two years of nothing. They’d made love many times during the night. James had been the most sensitive lover ever. A giggle escaped her. He may be her first lover ever, but after six years of marriage, she was no stranger to sex. And she could say with confidence that James was more considerate, more giving than most men. Every time he’d taken her during the long hours of the night, he’d made sure she’d enjoyed it as much as he had. 

She clutched his shirt to her as she got off the bed and looked around for her own dress. It was nowhere to be found, neither were her shoes. So she pulled the white shirt he’d given her on and made her way to the bathroom. The shirt, the bathroom, even she herself - everything smelled of James. She loved it.

Refreshed, she made her way down to the kitchen, taking in the aroma of rich, dark chocolate mingled with the sharp, bitter fragrance of coffee. A mix of her and James. 

She squared her shoulders and schooled her features into something she hoped looked like a neutral expression. She needed to stop acting like a naive teen, building castles in the clouds, and she needed to start planning how to handle the notorious morning after scenario she read so often in romance books. 

She stepped into the kitchen to see James already sitting on the small, round table set up in the kitchen itself. She pulled at the hem of the shirt before sitting down opposite him. His eyes were nearly black as he looked at her. The vein in his temple was throbbing and his hand was closed in a tight fist. 

She squirmed a little bit under his intense gaze, lowering her eyes to quickly check if she’d buttoned the shirt right. He cleared his throat and pointing to the plate set in front of her said, “I hope you like eggs and toast. That’s about the only thing I can manage without burning.” His voice sounded gruff, as if he was angry.

“Thank you,” Ella said before picking up her glass of orange juice and taking a big sip. “James, I...umm...I’m sorry I put you in a sp -”

“Stop right there, Ella. I don’t regret what happened last night one bit. In fact, I hope we do it again. Soon. Are you sorry you slept with me?”

“No. God, no. But you look angry...” she trailed off, interrupted by his laughter. 

“I’m not angry, love. I’m trying desperately not to jump you right here, right now. Do you have any idea how sexy you look in my shirt?” 

“Well...I like where this is going,” she said, not bothering to hold in the grin threatening to break out. 

“Do you now?” He asked, his voice, low as he rose from his chair to loom over her. 

She licked her lips, but before she could say anything, he’d hauled her up to her feet and closed his lips over hers. 

By the time the two of them actually started their breakfast, it was far too cold. But neither of them noticed.

***

“You look different,” Tilly accused the moment she walked in the door a few minutes past nine. 

“Good morning to you too!” Ella retorted. 

Tilly narrowed her eyes, “So?”

The welcome sound of the first customers of the morning was the perfect excuse Ella needed to postpone Tilly’s inevitable interrogation. Tilly was an amazing friend, but she was also incredibly uninhibited. Which wasn’t surprising, given how completely open her parents were when it came to romance, including sex. Ella, on the other hand, had barely ever seen her parents kiss properly. The peck-on-the-cheek that was the morning routine didn’t really count. 

After a couple of hours of endless traffic of tourists and visitors, Ella was happy for the mid-morning lull even if it meant she could no longer put off the interrogation. 

“Right, time to spill, mon chéri,” Tilly declared as she got busy cleaning after the few people who’d decided to eat in. 

Ella concentrated on wiping the counter, cleaning the coffee machine, all the while wondering how to go about telling her friend she’d slept with James. When Tilly prodded her in the ribs, she finally found a way, “I slept with James.” There really was no other way around it. Besides, what was the point in beating around the bush when Tilly would finally get to the truth anyway. 

Ella turned around at the complete silence that descended on the little coffee shop. Tilly seemed frozen, her eyes wide, her mouth gaping and her hands wiping a dry mug of coffee absently. Well, at least coming right out with it gave Ella a few moments of peace and quiet. 

And then it came, the screech that had Ella cringing even though she’d been expecting it. 

“You did WHAT?”

“I slep -”

“Oh, shush! I got it the first time,” Tilly snapped. With Tilly, there was no telling how she’d react to any given things. So Ella was hedging her bets between horror and delight. 

“OMG! That’s awesome,” Tilly cried, pulling Ella into a big hug. “However...” Tilly pointed a finger, looking more like a school teacher, than a lawyer in training. “...you’d better not get your heart involved. I don’t trust him one bit. He’s yum - as long as you keep it physical.”

“Jesus, Tilly, I’m not starting an affair with him. It was an impulse, a one night thing.”

“Yeah, keep telling yourself that, girlfriend,” Tilly scoffed.

Ella shrugged, but she was interrupted by someone walking in. Not that Ella had a reply for her. Last night she hadn’t made it clear it was a one night stand. But then, last night she hadn’t been thinking much at all. 

The shop entertained a steady stream of customers until Ella finally went upstairs for her break. This was a fantastic location. Not more than a couple hundred yards from their old location, but it had tons more traffic. She was going to have to go back to her planning and increase the daily stock she maintained in the shop to keep up with the demand.

She headed back down a little earlier than usual. She hadn’t done much sleeping last night at James’s, but what little sleep she’d got had been free of nightmares. Besides, she wanted to spend more time in the shop to actually see how the traffic went during the day. She crossed her fingers and stepped into the shop as Joe helped a couple of college kids with their coffee and donuts.

If Joe also told her she looked different, she didn’t know what she’d do. She drew the line at sharing her sex life with Joe. Fortunately, whatever Tilly had read on her face or body language didn’t seem to broadcast itself to Joe. They worked in their usual synchronized efficiency right up until closing time. 

“Ella, remember, if you think there’s trouble, call me. No matter what time it is, okay?” Joe asked, putting away the last of the chairs.

She’d been increasingly nervous as it got closer to locking up, her eyes straying continually to the clock behind the counter. Had Joe noticed her unease? Her banked terror?

“You’ve been jumpy as a rabbit on steroids for the last hour,” Joe confirmed her suspicion. 

She cleared her dry throat, “Thanks, Joe. I’m nervous, yes. But he is still the man I lived with for six years. We should be able to have difficult conversations peacefully like responsible adults.”

“You did run away from him. So he may not be in a peaceful state of mind,” Joe started, then held his hand up when she opened her mouth to say something. “Look, all I’m saying is, if he comes tonight and you don’t feel safe, call me. Better yet, call that asshole upstairs. He’s closer and will get to you faster.”

She tried a chuckle, “And here I thought you didn’t trust James.”

“I don’t. But I do know that he won’t let your husband harm you in any way,” Joe conceded.

“I’ll be alright, Joe. Besides, Christian may not even come tonight,” Ella said, walking up to Joe to give him a hug. 

She waited at the door of the door of the shop, watching Joe’s long legs take him away into the melting pot of people that was 5th Avenue at five pm on a Sunday evening. Finally she turned around, flipped the sign to ‘Closed’. She was trying to free the key tangled in her apron when a large shadow blocked the door. 

She looked up, praying it wasn’t who she knew it’d be. But not all prayers are answered, are they?

Christian pushed the door in and stepped in, “Hey, babe.”








Thirty Two


2019 January, 18. New York City
Would it be too childish to turn around and run out the back door? Ella sneaked a quick look at the back door, then abandoned the idea. It was time she stopped running anyway. Wiping her suddenly clammy hands on her apron, she stepped aside to put some distance between Christian and herself.

“Hi Christian.”

“What? Is that all I get from my wife after she’s been away for two years?” He drawled as he moved further into the shop, crowding her against the counter.

She so wasn’t prepared for this. Maybe she should ask him to come back tomorrow. That’d give her time to plan what she was going to say to him. A reluctant chuckle escaped her lips. She’d known this day was coming for two years. If she wasn’t prepared tonight, she wasn’t ever going to be prepared. 

He stepped closer still. Ella stood her ground. Not that she had much of a choice considering her hip was butting up against the counter. He raised his hand and she flinched. But he was gentle as he twisted a lock of her hair around his thick finger. 

She stilled, waiting, watching. Like a rabbit cornered by a lion. Her heart thundered in her chest so loudly, Christian was sure to hear it. Then, ever so slowly, Christian bent to cover her lips with his. His hand was now curled around her neck. Ella pressed her lips together. He wasn’t going to march in here and take it like it belonged to him. 

He nipped at the corner of her mouth. A tiny bite at first, then a sharper nip, yet still gentle. His other arm wound around her waist, pulling her into him. She dug her heels in, but that counted for nothing against his superior strength. He probably didn’t even register her resistance. 

His tongue traced the closed seam of her mouth, demanding entry. She planted her hands on his chest and gave him a push. He groaned, but didn’t move away, murmuring against her mouth, instead, “Let me in, Ella.”

Ella opened her mouth to deny him. A rookie mistake. Like a viper, he attacked, his tongue forging in. She pushed at him again, pulling in a deep breath when he finally stepped away.

“Come back home, Ella.” A hoarse demand. But then, he’d never learned the art of requesting, of coaxing. 

She grabbed her opportunity and stepped away from him, giving herself room to breathe, to think. “I can’t, Christian. I don’t want to. I want a divorce,” she rushed it all out in one go. Afraid she’d lose her nerve, or he’d lose his cool. 

Which he did, “I’m not talking about this shit again, Ella. We’re not getting divorced. That’s final. The sooner you get it into your head, the better.” His hands were balled up at his sides. She couldn’t seem to bring her galloping heart under control. If she didn’t get a hold of herself she just might end up in the hospital with a stroke. 

“I’m closing up for tonight. Why don’t we talk tomorrow?” She tried. 

“There’s nothing to talk. We’re leaving. Now,” he snagged her wrist in his large, calloused hands and pulled her back into him. 

“No,” she jerked her arm, trying to get away, knowing it’d be useless. “Please, listen to me, Christian. I don’t want to go with you,” she cried, desperate now. She stumbled back when he actually let her go. 

He shoved his fingers into his close cropped hair, “I’m sorry, Ella. I know I was a jerk. I can control my temper now, you’ll see if you just come back with me.”

Ella rubbed her smarting wrist where he’d grabbed her. He was saying he could control his temper now. Her throbbing wrist said otherwise. “I’m sorry, Christian. I really am. I...you...umm...it won’t work. It hasn’t worked for years now.”

“So you fucking run away? That’s your answer? You couldn’t talk to me and work this shit out?” He shouted.

She pinched the bridge of her nose. Her head hurt. It was like talking to a wall. Always had been. “Can you please leave?”

He took a big step toward her, his hands still closed into fists by his sides, his eyes boring into her. She dropped her gaze, focusing instead, on his wide arm. Abruptly, he turned around and walked to the other end of the small shop. She had no clue what she’d do if he decided to force her to go with him. 

If only the police had approved her request for a restraining order against him, she’d wouldn’t have felt so defenseless then. But she’d gone with Joe to the police the day after Christian had delivered his ultimatum. The police had sent her packing saying she needed a criminal restraining order and that could only be granted by a court.

With her heart in her throat, she waited for him to say something. The silence was crushing her, making her light headed. She nearly sighed with relief when he stopped pacing the tiny shop and faced her again, “I will give you tonight. Tomorrow, whether you like it or, we’re leaving.” In three large strides, he was out of the shop without a backward glance, without giving her a chance to react to his decision. 

It’d been hours since Ella left to open up her shop and James was still struggling to control his grin. He was acting like a bloody, hormonal teen. He couldn’t help it. When he’d invited her over for dinner last night, all he’d hoped was to make her comfortable around him, in his home. Somehow, it was important that she be at home in his home. 

Then she’d hit him with the bazooka. Practically begging him to make love to her. As if he needed any encouragement! He’d always known sex with Ella would be good, great even, but he hadn’t expected the ‘coming home’ feeling he’d experienced. She’d been beautiful in her shyness, open in her responsiveness and yielding even in her aggression. 

He’d gone for his run, put himself through a grueling session at his boxing club, but he couldn’t get her out of his mind. About the time she closed up her shop, he flicked on the feed from the camera opposite her shop, all the while trying to convince himself that he was only looking out for her. Making sure that asshole husband of her didn’t turn up. 

For once, he was glad he’d given in to his internal creep and sat there watching her even after Joe left. She was fishing for the keys in the pocket of her apron. He’d feel a lot better after she’d locked up and was back in her apartment. She’d have full control over who she let in after that. The security in his building was top notch. No way her husband was getting inside unless she let him in. He’d also feel a little less like a creep keeping a watch on her door. He wouldn’t be watching her, after all. 

A man walked up to her shop while she still had her head bent, poking around her pocket. James scrambled to get a view from the other angle. Who was this person? She’d flicked the sign on the door to ‘Closed’. The man should’ve gotten the message. Yet, he was standing there, blocking her way like he belonged there. The moment he got the second angle in, James cursed, rushing out of the house. Christian Fucking Hoover was here!

Downstairs, he stayed hidden in the shadows, his fists itching to connect with the asshole’s jaw. But he wouldn’t intervene for as long as the fucker didn’t force her to do something she didn’t want to do. Hoover put his filthy hands on her and James’s gut burned. 

After the longest fifteen minutes of his life, Hoover finally left the shop. Alone. James jogged to the back entrance, ready to make his innocent entry into the scene left by Hoover. Ella was going back home with him. There was no way he’d allow her to spend the night alone after standing up to her husband the way she’d done. 

For a tiny, timid woman, she had balls of steel, to stand up to a man practically twice her height and weight. But she’d done it, won the day. Now it was up to him to make her feel safe and loved. 

“Oh my God! You scared me!” She stood in the back door of her shop, glaring at him. He’d been so busy thinking about how he was going to make her forget her husband, that he’d not heard her open up the back door. 

“Sorry. I just came in and thought I’d ask you if you’d like to come up for dinner?” God! He sounded like an idiot. She sighed. He slid a knuckle under her chin, “Are you alright? You look tired.”

“I’m okay.” She hesitated, as if she wanted to say something more. Then stepped out, allowing James to pull the door down for her. He held his hand out to her and without a word she dropped the bunch of keys into his hand. Locking the door up, he followed her to the elevator.

“Ella. Talk to me,” he urged. He could feel it. She was so close to confiding in him. All she needed was a little bit more encouragement. She stepped into the elevator, without realizing that he’d called down his private elevator which would take them directly to his apartment, bypassing her own.

She looked up at him, her green eyes dull. It was like a punch to the gut. But then she opened her mouth. “Christian was here,” he whispered. 

“What the fuck! When?” If he didn’t love his work so much, he could’ve easily made it in Hollywood.

“He just left like five minutes ago,” she said. 

They stepped out of the elevator and her feet faltered when she recognized his lobby. He kept his hand at the small of her back, guiding her, more or less pushing her, forward. She gave up trying to resist soon enough.

He continued with his Oscar deserving performance, “He left? As in to go back to Salt Lake City?”

There was no humor in her chuckle, “I wish. No. This is my last night here. I’m to go back with him tomorrow.”

His work phone rang in his bedroom. He bit out an ugly curse, “Sorry, love. Gotta take this. I’ll be back in five.” The call took longer than he’d expected. He’d been discussing with the CEO of UBS bank for the last two weeks and the project was nearly in the bag. This was a huge one, even for him. Working for one of the largest banks in Switzerland was going to make him a shitload of money. But it was the challenge that had him salivating. He had cause to celebrate with his girl tonight. He was going to make her forget all about her asshole husband, then tell her how he could actually get her the divorce she wanted. 

He hurried downstairs to the kitchen where he’d left her, only to find the space empty. “The fuck!” he muttered. Then shouted, “Ella.”

There was no answer. He ran to his den and froze. Ella was frozen in front of a pair of screens showing the live feed. One showing the closed door of her shop and the other showing the closed door of her apartment. She turned slowly. Her beautiful green eyes glittered with tears. If someone had twisted a knife in his heart, it would’ve been less painful.






Thirty Three


2019 January, 18. New York City
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have come into your den. I was just looking at the pictures,” Ella said, pointing to the framed pencil sketches lining the wall of the hallway, all the way to the den.

“Ella. I can expl-”

She didn’t wait for him to finish, but ran past him into the hallway and out. Tears blurred her path, but it wouldn’t matter much if she stumbled into something. She’d stumbled in the worst way possible already. Her friends had warned her about James. Yet, like the fool she was, she’d allowed herself to be led down the garden path. 

Blindly, she jabbed at the elevator button, praying he’d allow her to leave. How long had he been spying on her? No wonder he seemed to always pop up at just the crucial moment. Perhaps all of it, even the first time he’d ambushed her, had been a setup.

She swiped at her tears, shoving her hand into her pocket to dig out the keys to her apartment. Flopping into her floral loveseat, the one she’d bought at some thrift store on Long Island and lovingly lugged it home, she let her control slip. 

She sobbed until she had no more tears, then got up to make herself a hot chocolate to go with her salad meal. Her go-bag sat next to the hat stand, boring holes into her as she flicked the TV on to some rubbish and ate her dinner. Her phone rang. Joe and Tilly never called her after hours. Obviously, whoever it was, she likely didn’t want to talk to them. So she ignored it. 

It was nearly nine by the time she finished force feeding herself the dinner. She’d need a full stomach to think about her steps. Not that she had many choices. Christian would be here tomorrow to take her back, and he wasn’t going to take no for an answer. She’d gone up to James’s with a wild hope that she could make him talk about the words he’d let slip about helping her get a divorce. 

Hysterical laughter bubbled up unbidden. Joe had no idea how right he’d been when he’d told her in the evening that she only seemed to attract jerks. She didn’t know what James’s game was and she didn’t want to know. Her phone rang again, so she picked it up, intending to fire off a text to Joe and Tilly. They deserved to know what she was up to. But if she told them now, they’d be at her door before she’d organized everything. That wouldn’t do. So she simply switched the phone off.

Ella looked around the little shoebox of an apartment she’d moved into less than a week ago. With James’s help! He must own it, along with the shop. That’s why the ‘owner’ wouldn’t kick her out for any price. The one thing James had been truthful about was when he’d called her too naive to her own good. If she were to describe herself, she’d go with stupid. That described her way better than naive. 

She unplugged the phone charger and was stuffing it into her go-bag when there was a sharp rap at her door. She ignored it, going to the kitchen to fill her drink bottle up. Most people were stress-eaters. She was a stress-drink. She drank far more water when she was stressed than otherwise. 

“Ella. Open up. I know you’re in there.” James bellowed from outside, banging the door for good measure. 

She sat back down. With the final packing done, she was ready to leave. As soon as the bastard currently banging at her door, left. 

“Ella. Let me in.”

She rested her feet on the coffee table. It’d been a gift from Joe and Tilly on the first birthday she’d celebrated away from her family. Even sitting down, she jumped in her seat when James banged the door again. 

“I will explain everything. Open the damn door, Ella.”

Who was she kidding? She was going to have to let him in at some point in time. She had no doubt he’d stand there making a racket until she gave in. 

“I can break this door down, Ella. Don’t make me do that.”

That did it. Far too often she’d heard that one from Christian. Don’t make me do it. How was it her fault if he couldn’t control himself? She rose up from her couch, making her way to the door. 

The two men were uncannily similar in the way they carried themselves. James was standing about a foot from the door, his feet planted shoulder wide, one arm loose by his side and the other raised to deliver another thumping on the door. Almost the exact pose Christian would have taken. It allowed them to unleash the finely honed weapon that was their body. 

Without a word, James stepped through, striding into her home like he belonged there. Silently, she followed him inside. She’d let him speak his piece and then ask him to leave. How had she not seen him for what he was? She’d been so eager to prove to herself that not all men were like Christian, she’d ignored the writing on the wall. The real irony would be if James now refused to let her leave. Or maybe it wouldn’t be all that bad of an outcome. He could thrash it out with Christian. Frantically, she pushed down the hysterical laughter that threatened to bubble up. She was going crazy.

James stopped in the middle of the room, taking in the bag sitting next to the couch. He turned around to face her, thrust his fingers through his hair and shoved them into his pockets. For the first time since she’d met him, he couldn’t hold her gaze. 

“Please say what you’ve to say and then leave me alone, James.”

“Ella. I can help you make a stand against Hoover. I can even help you get a divorce,” he started. 

She shook her head, “I don’t want your help, James.”

“Look, I only had those camera feeds on because I knew you were worried and scared about Hoover today. I wanted to be sure that if he did pop up today, I could come to your aid if you needed me.”

“Okay.”

“I’m telling you the truth, Ella. You must believe me,” he insisted. 

“Is that all you wanted to say?” She asked. She didn’t have time to waste if she were to get away from the city before Christian decided to come for her. 

“Yes. No, wait,” he took a breath, letting out a vicious curse instead. 

“And I wanted to say sorry. I should’ve told you I was keeping an eye on you,” he seemed to be having trouble talking, like something was stuck in his throat.

“You don’t have to apologize. I should’ve read the signs better. Can you please leave now?” 

“No. Tell me what are you planning to do? Are you going to go with him? Back to him?” He asked.

“I haven’t yet decided what I’ll do,” she lied. 

He had the nerve to smirk, “Didn’t anyone ever tell you, you can’t lie?”

“Just go, James.”

“Don’t go, Ella. Let me help you.” He waited for her to say something. But she’d said her bit. All she could do now was to wait for him to leave, or to put his foot down and take away her freedom of making a decision. Just like Christian. 

“How long are you going to keep running? He’ll just keep finding you, you know,” he insisted. 

She shrugged, “Then perhaps it’s best I go back with him. He is, after all, my husband.”

“You can’t. I can’t let you!”

She simply raised her eyebrows.

“I know I have no right to keep you from him. But you’re not safe with him.”

“And I’ll be safe with you?” She asked.

“Yes. I’ll keep you safe,” he actually seemed relieved. 

“So, you’re saying you won’t let me go so you can keep me safe?”

“Yes.”

She scoffed, “Funny how that sounds exactly like Christian from where I stand.”

His shoulders actually drooped, “You are right. I’m being a jerk, forcing my decision on you.” He took a large step toward her. She quickly stepped back, putting back distance between them. His hands closed into a fist. She took another step back. Then in two quick steps, he was looming over her. She had no more room for retreat, so she stood her ground. 

He raised his hand and she flinched. The strong column of his throat worked, as if he was having trouble swallowing. His hand closed on the doorknob. “I’m sorry, Ella. Before I go, will you promise me one thing?” He asked. 

She waited for him to continue. She had nothing to say. She didn’t owe him anything. She wasn’t going to hand out promises.

“If he threatens you or hits you, call me. Please?” The please at the end of the instruction didn’t make it any less of an order. She was done taking orders from bossy, lying men. 

He waited for a breath, then pulled the door open and left. The door snicked shut softly behind his back. 

Ella picked up her bag and left the home she’d tried to make for herself.






Thirty Four


2019 January, 18. New York City
Ella hiked her bag higher onto her shoulder and headed to the fire escape stairwell. Her eyes drifted to the inconspicuous black circle tucked away near the ceiling. Was James still watching her through that electronic eye? Well, if he’d meant to stop her from leaving, he would’ve done it earlier. Her eyes prickled and she blinked to clear away the tears before they made it out. 

She took the stairs into the basement. With any luck, she’d be able to sneak past the man, or men, Christian might have watching her. Taking her time to observe the street outside from the narrow door beside the car park entry, she waited until she was sure there were no suspicious shadows lurking around. 

Her feet seemed glued to the inside of the parking lot, refusing to step outside. Now that he’d found her, it seemed like a pretty useless endeavor to try and escape again. Last time she’d been able to do it because he was out of the country. She wasn’t equipped to pull it off with him watching. Her feet were itching to turn back. Maybe she should just go back home and wait for Christian to come pick her up tomorrow. 

No, she couldn’t just give up. Not yet. Actually, not ever. One way or the other, she was going to convince Christian to do the right thing. Allow them both to really move on. Live the life they were both meant to live. Ella pushed her shoulders back, straightened her back and stepped onto E79th Ave.

The crowd was thinning already and it was barely half past eight in the evening. She wouldn’t complain about the darkness though. It was a comfort. It made her feel invisible. Her hand drifted to the backpack. Taking an Uber to the Greyhound station on Broadway could’ve worked. But she was sure it would’ve also been easier to track than if she took the bus. 

Once in the bus, she pulled her backpack off her shoulder into her lap. The comfortable weight of the cash she’d been putting aside for the day he found her gave her little bit of confidence. She was prepared - as much as she could be. Now if only she could have the incredible luck people like her in films had when running away from professionally trained people like Christian and the men he employed. 

At the Greyhound station on Broadway, she paid in cash for her ticket to Boston. Not like it was part of her plan, but simply because that was the first bus scheduled to leave. It was a five hour journey, she was sure to come up with a plan by the time she got there. 

The bus wasn’t supposed to leave for another half an hour. Ella stashed her little bag in the overhead storage and settled down in her seat. It was hard to sit still, harder still to believe she was running away without any idea of what she was going to do once she stopped running. Oh! Who was she kidding? This way she was never going to stop running. The more she ran, the more relentless Christian would be in his pursuit. 

She let out a deep breath, pulled her bag out of the overhead compartment and stepped out of the bus. She wasn’t going to turn tail. Whatever it was, she was going to make her stand in her shop in New York. She hadn’t carved a life out for herself to leave it at the first sign of trouble. Ella switched her phone on, called an Uber, and was back home within an hour.

***

Thoroughly dejected, James walked back into his spacious, empty living room. If he closed his eyes, he could see Ella’s hourglass silhouette against the huge glass windows overlooking Central Park. If he closed his eyes, he could see her the first time he’d brought her to his house, standing in the middle of the room, delivering a cracking smack to his cheek. The one he hadn’t blocked. He didn’t even have to close his eyes to see her sitting on one of the tall chairs by the kitchen bench, a moan of ecstasy slipping free as she took the first sip of his hot chocolate. 

Yeah, it was best if he stayed out of the bedroom tonight. If the woman was haunting the rest of the house, she’d be imprinted in his bedroom. He groaned. In just one night, she’d spoiled him for every other woman - for a long time - if not for ever. 

She’d kicked him out of her home, her life. Not that he deserved any better. Well, not really. He’d truly done it so he could be sure of her safety at all times. Mostly. It would’ve probably been better if he’d told her he was going to keep an eye on her. Right, and have her go ballistic on him. 

James drove his fingers through his hair. Things were never easy when there was a woman involved and involved was too tame a word when it came to Ella. He poured a double scotch for himself before settling himself in front of the screen showing Ella’s closed door. He was going to keep an eye on her, whether she liked it or not. He’d respect her wishes and stay away from her, but only as long as she was safe and unharmed. 

It’d barely been five minutes since she’d sent him packing before she slipped out with a tiny black backpack together with a small duffle bag. She looked straight up and her emerald green eyes struck him through the camera. He wanted to punch himself when she quickly looked away. But not before he saw the sparkle of tears in those big eyes. 

He really was an asshole. He’d hurt her badly and she was all alone trying to fight off an even bigger asshole. James kept his feet planted firmly on the floor. He couldn’t go after her, not now, not after tonight’s debacle. He did the next best thing, activating the tracker chip he’d slipped into her phone. The little bugger would make sure he knew where she was headed. 

But simply knowing Ella’s whereabouts wasn’t going to help. He needed to know if Hoover caught up with her. So he cracked his knuckles and sat down to some serious work. It’d take some time, the calling in of a favor or two, but he’d get what he needed. A GPS trace on Hoover’s phone.

2019 January, 19. New York City
At some point late in the night, Ella must’ve finally fallen asleep. Her body clock woke her up at the usual time with a monstrous headache. Was there even a point trying to go down and get ready for the day? Probably not. But was she going to sit at home waiting for Christian to turn up? Definitely not. 

An extra-large, extra chocolatey mug of hot chocolate might do the trick, but Ella popped a couple of Tylenols to try and smother the headache. Then she got ready and headed downstairs. There was no way she was ever going to not notice the security camera trained outside her door now. Unless…she did something about it!

She hurried back in and came out with a ball of Tack-it and a bunch of napkins, pulling a chair behind her. Climbing up on the chair, she tacked the napkins over the camera. Satisfied with her handiwork, Ella finally made it down to the shop. This was going to be a big day. Bring it on Christian.

The spatula Ella had been using to mix the batter for her scones slipped from her hand at the sharp rap on the door. She’d tried to work to her playlist like everyday. But it only made her headache worse. But without the music, she was jumping at every little noise outside. New York truly was the city that never slept. Even in the dead of winter, in the early morning dark there were people about. Joggers, the homeless, young work-hard-party-harder execs heading into work, construction workers, cleaning crews and a million other people were out and about. 

But the sharp rap on the door was none of these harmless people. She wiped her clammy hands on her apron before letting her husband in. 

“Why are you here, Ella?” he asked. 

“I told you yesterday, Christian. I’m not going anywhere with you.” Ella was proud of how calm and in control her voice came out despite her heart hammering so hard, she was afraid she was going to be sick all over his shiny, Italian shoes. 

His fingers closed around her upper arm as he jerked her towards him before crashing his lips onto hers. Ignoring her feeble struggle, he took his time ravaging her mouth before turning around.

“Ow! Let go. You’re hurting me,” Ella cried as he pulled her behind him. 

“I’m sick of this stupidity. We are going now.”

Ella dug her heels in, but before she could give voice to her protest, he added, “Before you say anything, know this, Ella. The safety of your friends depends on what you say and do next.”

Ella’s gaze snapped up to his. Christian had been a beast with her, but never before had he blackmailed her. With the lives of her loved ones, no less. She searched the icy slits of his eyes, looking for hope. Hope that he hadn’t said what she’d heard. Or perhaps, he hadn’t meant it. But all she saw was merciless determination. He’d follow through on this threat. Unless, she did as he said. 

That took the wind out of her sails. There was no doubt Christian would find a way to hurt Tilly or Joe. They didn’t deserve this. Ella sighed, “Let me go, please. I’ll go with you.”






Thirty Five


2019 January, 19. New York City
So easy. It’d been so very easy for Christian to pull her back into the past, undoing everything she’d built in the last two years with a few words. She was numb, inside and out, climbing the steps into the richly appointed Gulfstream jet that belonged to H-SLAT. She knew Christian’s hand was at the small of her back, but she didn’t feel it. The only thing she was looking forward to heading back to the city where she grew up, was seeing her family and the few friends she had. 

Her phone buzzed, drawing a frown from Christian. She’d had to fight with him just to go upstairs for her phone. ‘I’ll get you a new one,’ he’d said. The old Ella wouldn’t have bothered putting up a fight. But that phone was her only link with her new life, the one she wasn’t going to give up on. 

She pulled her phone out from her bag, already knowing who it’d be. She’d texted both Joe and Tilly just after leaving the shop with Christian. With him sitting right next to her, arm around her shoulders, she’d sanitized the message. Have to leave with Christian. Open up the shop if you feel like, otherwise I’ll see you in a few. He’d read the message and made her remove the last bit with a curt, ‘You won’t be seeing them in a few.’

Now as the big airplane was getting ready to take-off, she wished she had some privacy to read her messages and emails. Ella sighed when Christian strapped himself next to her. Trying her best to ignore his bulk next to her, she swiped the phone. Will keep the shop going for you. Come back soon. Call as soon as you can. XOXO T & J.

Christian’s calloused fingers brushed against hers as he gently pulled the phone from her grip. “You’ve changed, Ella. A lot,” he said.

She held her hand out for her phone, “I have.” With her heart in her throat, she watched him, wondering if he’d return her phone. She didn’t have it in her to go through another argument. Instead of giving the phone back to her, Christian tapped on the photo gallery. 

Ella’s heart hammered in her chest. He was going to lose it the moment he saw her photo with another man. She couldn’t imagine whose he’d come across first, so she leaned in to find out. Quickly going through several photos of her products, of her and Tilly, his finger froze on her picture with Joe. The evening of Tilly’s birthday. To say she was shocked when he didn’t comment on that photo would’ve been a gross understatement. 

“Did you miss me even a little bit?” He asked, disgust clear in his voice. 

She settled back in her chair, resting her head back and closing her eyes. She hadn’t missed him, but maybe she didn’t really need to tell him that. Not in so many words, at least. Besides, considering all the nightmares he starred in, he hadn’t really been out of her life. Again, she didn’t really need to tell him that. He’d been such a big part of her life, all her life, it seemed petty to hurt him with words. 

Finally, she settled for a veiled version of the truth, “I could never forget you.”

He scoffed, “And yet you were wrapped around another man, dancing with barely any clothes on.”

“Please, let’s not do this, Christian,” she pleaded. She wanted to avoid making a scene in the company jet if she could help it. 

She blew out a long breath when he turned around to fire off an order to the stewardess, “Becca. Get me a whisky. Neat.”

Her eyes were burning. She hadn’t slept well for nearly a week, barring the one night she’d spent with James. Now that she was going back with Christian, it was almost a relief after days of not knowing. Her eyes drooped and she let sleep take her. 

Something hard slid under her knees and banded around her back. Instinctively, her arm reached up, looking for support, hooking around a strong column. “Go back to sleep, babe,” a deep voice vibrated through her.

She cracked her eyes open. God! It felt like the inside of her eyes was lined with sand. She blinked to clear the sand from her eyes, then looked down. Christian had her in his arms and was taking her somewhere. To his bedroom on the plane? Or were they in Salt Lake City already? 

“I’m up now, Christian. Put me down. Where are we going?”

“Shh. I’m taking you home.”

Home! He meant his condo. The one they’d moved into the day they got married. She didn’t want to go there. She couldn’t give him the idea they could start over again as if nothing had happened. Ella wiggled, trying to get out of his arms, “Put me down, Christian. I can walk.”

With a sigh, he put her down on her feet, but kept his arm around her waist. Another little battle won. The one was going to be a tough one. But she’d be damned if she let herself end up in Christian’s home playing the dutiful wife again. 

She waited until they were in the car that’d come to pick them up at the small airport reserved for private jets just outside of Salt Lake City. As soon as they sat down in the car, Christian pulled her hand onto his thigh and covered it with his own. It was almost as if he was worried she’d run away again. He need not have worried. She wasn’t going to run away this time. This time, she was going to make sure she was truly free. Then not for the first time since she’d seen Christian again, a little doubt poked its head. What if he’d really changed this time? She gently pulled her hand out from under his, reminding herself how he’d lost his temper in the morning when she’d refused to go with him. He’d threatened her friends, for Christ’s sake! No. He hadn’t changed one bit. He looked like he was trying though. 

Ella groaned, pinching the bridge of her nose. She couldn’t afford to start doubting her decision. He might be trying to change, but then he’d tried it many times before. He was just too controlling to ever change. Add to that, the career he’d chosen encouraged control at all times. No. He wouldn’t be able to change.

With a deep breath, she started, “Christian, please take me to Mom’s.”

“You’re tired right now. We’ll go tomorrow.” He pulled her hand back into his. 

“I...I can...I’d like to stay at Mom’s, please. Until we sort ourselves out.” There. She’d said it. His hand tightened around hers, telling her what she knew. 

“I’ll take you to see your parents, but you are going home with me after that,” he declared. 

Ella swallowed her protest. Baby steps. Once home, she could trust mom and dad to stick up for her. It’d taken them a long time to come around and accept that the boy they’d seen growing up, who’d always been the son they never had, was not the right man for their daughter. But once they’d seen and accepted that fact, they’d helped her get away and stay away. They’d help her again. 

“Oh my God! Ella! Christian!” Rose cried, clutching her husband’s arm, the moment Christian’s car stopped in the driveway, in front of the wide marble steps leading up into the Bridges’ huge mansion. 

Ella winced. Mom had never been a good actor. Not even a passable one. All her thoughts, in their hundreds, were crowding together on her pretty face. Shock, worry, surprise at seeing Ella with Christian. They’d taken great pains to convince Christian they didn’t know where their daughter was.

“Good to have you back, sweetie,” dad said, then nodded to Christian. “Come on in.”

The conversation that followed was the most awkward Ella had had in forever. Rose recovered from her shock beautifully, insisting what a shock it was to see Ella. That much was true, at least. 

“Aunty Rose, do you really expect me to believe you didn’t know where Ella was?” Christian asked, his voice cold and hard, sending a chill down Ella’s spine. 

“Christian, we didn -” 

She trailed off when Desmond squeezed her hand, interrupting her, “No. You’re right, Christian. We have known where Ella was all along.”

“You should’ve told me, Uncle Des,” Christian accused. 

“It’s for you to figure out, Son. We respected Ella’s wishes to keep her whereabouts from you,” Dr. Desmond Bridges, one of the leading neurosurgeons in the USA, was nothing if not calm and collected at all times. 

“And you didn’t respect my wish to know where my wife is,” Christian snapped.

“Christian, let’s not argue, please. Ella is back -”

Again Rose was interrupted, this time by Christian. “Because I found her and brought her back, Rose. No fucking thanks to you!”

“Watch your tone and your language around my wife, young man,” Desmond warned. 

“I no longer see any reason to do that, Dr. Bridges. You have both broken my trust. Kept me away from my wife. I am here only because Ella insisted on seeing you before going home.”

“Des, Christian. Stop, please. Why don’t we have lunch, then discuss this -”

“We’re leaving. Now, Ella,” Christian spoke over Rose as he pulled Ella to her feet after him.

“No. Like mom said, let’s have lunch, calm down and we’ll talk about this tomorrow,” Ella said as she tried to jerk her arm free.

“Ella, don’t piss me off. I didn’t bring you all the way from New York to leave you at your parents so you can disappear again,” Christian said, his voice a low, threatening rumble as he pulled her closer to him. But the threat in his voice wasn’t what caught Ella’s attention. It was his other hand, which he’d very slowly and very casually tucked into his pockets, pulling his jacket slightly wider. Drawing Ella’s gaze to the ugly butt of a gun holstered at his hip. His voice still low, he said, “Let’s go, babe.”






Thirty Six


2019 January, 19. New York City
James followed Ella’s phone until he knew what he needed to know. Unless, of course, the bastard pulled something unexpected out of his sleeve. Her phone was at Teterboro, the aerodrome for the rich and the famous and their fancy flights. Hoover was taking her back to Salt Lake City. 

Last night she seemed to be full of fight. The soldier in him had his hands clenching, wanting to shake some sense into her. The woman was on the run from a highly trained ex-soldier, but hadn’t had the sense to have a plan ready for when he found her. She certainly wasn’t a fool to assume he’d never find her. No, she had been expecting it. And yet, here she was running around like a headless chook, unsure of whether she wanted to stay and fight or run and flee. 

James got up to pace around his den. Sitting still was driving him crazy. He should’ve taken the time to find out if she had a getaway planned. He’d seen the go-bag sitting all packed up, and assumed she knew what she was going to do the day he caught up with her. With a frustrated groan, he picked up his keys and called up the elevator. He needed a coffee. More than that, he needed to talk to her friends. They’d opened up the shop, hopefully after talking to her. 

James walked into Ella’s shop to the glare of her friend, Tilly. The woman hated him with a passion. As long as she was a good friend to Ella, he wouldn’t mind.

“A Red Eye, please, Joe.” Ignoring the girl seemed like the best policy. Besides, she was busy serving someone else. The man had a lot more sense. 

Tilly turned on him the moment the couple walked out with their coffee and sandwich. “What do you want?” The classic hands-on-hips, narrowed-eyes look which made Ella look like a little kitten all riled up, looked a lot more mean on this girl. She still didn’t quite manage to look threatening, but at least she didn’t make him want to laugh. 

He nodded to Joe, “A coffee.” 

“Yeah, right,” she scoffed. 

“Where’s Ella?” Time to find out what these two knew about her. 

Joe’s gaze flicked to Tilly as he handed James his coffee. He didn’t miss the slight shake of Tilly’s head. Whatever it was they knew, she didn’t want to share with him. He settled himself at one of the tables. Dangling a bit of carrot might do the trick. “Last night, she almost ran away. Then came back and was in the shop until about o-seven-thirty when she left with Hoover,” he shared. 

Tilly’s lips were still pressed together in a thin line. The way she tipped her chin up, James knew she wasn’t going to go for the carrot. He didn’t want to use the stick, but if they refused to talk, he’d do whatever it took to find out if they’d talked to Ella in the morning. 

Fortunately, Joe spoke up, “She texted us at about eight.” 

“Joe,” Tilly hissed. 

“If Ella needs help, he,” Joe nodded his head towards James, “might be able to help more than us.” 

Good thinking, Joe. Out loud, James asked, “Show me.”

Tilly snorted and mumbled, “Bossy bastard!”

James ignored her, as Joe pulled out his phone. 

Have to leave with Christian. Open up the shop if you feel like

“Doesn’t say much,” James muttered. 

“I’m more worried about what it doesn’t say,” Joe confessed. 

“Hmm. Anything else? Did you talk to her?”

“Nothing after this text.”

“Ok. Thanks,” James said, turning to leave. If Hoover was already in the air, Ella’s phone should be online again. He couldn’t do a thing until he was sure that’s where they were heading. Then he was going after her.

He was at the door when Tilly spoke, “Are you going to go after her?”

“Yes.” He’d stepped out when Tilly cried after him. 

She was back at it, with her hands on her hips and her eyes narrowed at him. “How did you know she almost ran away last night?”

With a sigh, he turned around. That had been a desperate attempt at finding out if the duo knew more than they were telling and James would’ve preferred not to let them in on his spying. The girl already hated him, after he told her the truth, she’d probably start plotting his murder!

“I’ve been keeping a watch on her,” he said, hoping the vague answer would suffice and knowing it wouldn’t. 

“Keeping watch? How?” Joe stepped forward, once again the protector. 

“I looped the security camera feed through my server so I’d know if Hoover made one wrong move.”

“You couldn’t see inside her apartment, could you?” Tilly asked, disgust writ clear on her face. 

“Jesus, what do you think I’m?” James grumbled.

“A lying, controlling, spying, son of a bitch?” Tilly supplied helpfully.

“You fool! If I’d not been keeping an eye on her, we’d never know where she is right now!” James hissed. 

“But you still don’t know where she is right now. Just that she left with Christian,” Tilly pointed out, then gasped, stepped forward and caught James’s shirt in her fist. “Or are you also somehow tracking where she is right now? Are you? Huh?”

James plucked her hand off his shirt, “I don’t have time for this bullshit. If you want to see your friend again, you’ll call me the moment she calls you and tell me every word that she says to you. You have my number.” He stalked out of the shop without giving them a chance to say anything further. He put up with the two because they were good friends of Ella’s. Didn’t mean he had to like them. Or put up with them when she wasn’t around.

By the time James got back home, Ella’s tracker was well and truly on its way to Salt Lake City. As was James, less than two hours later.

2019 January, 19. Salt Lake City
Christian helped her back into the car which had brought them from the airport. The moment she’d seen the gun, Ella knew she’d spend the night, and however many days it took for her to make her escape again, at Christian’s. Mom and Dad had been devastated when she’d turned around and calmly told them that she preferred going with Christian. 

The rest of the ride was lost in a storm of anger and fear. She knew Christian was ruthless, had always been. But then he’d been a Spec-Ops operator for years. Wasn’t it basically in their job description that they be ruthless? At least that’s what she’d always told herself. But she’d never expected him to threaten her parents. With a gun, no less! However he’d behaved with her, he’d never been anything but respectful with her parents. This new version of Christian was even more scary. 

Ella hugged herself, scooting as far into the opposite corner as she could. It was useless to try and put distance between herself and Christian, she understood that, but she had to try. Christian simply slid further into the seat until his hard thigh was right along hers. 
“I can’t believe you pulled a gun on mom and dad,” Ella said as soon as the car was out on the street. 

“I can’t believe you ran away and stayed away from me for two years,” he shrugged. 

“Christian! One is nothing like the other. Don’t try and -”

“Shut the fuck up, Ella. I’ve tried to be nice for you. Listening to your little whims and wishes. But I draw the line at you trying to stay away from me anymore.”

Ella looked away, out of the window, at the city rushing up to meet the car. Christian’s condo was right in the heart of the city. High enough to give a stunning view of the city and surrounding mountains any time of the year. She wanted the drive to the condo to last forever. She wanted to not even be here, with Christian. But what you want is rarely what you get. 

So, mute, she allowed herself to be led through the marble clad lobby, into the shiny elevator which went straight to the penthouse. Christian dropped the condo keys into the crystal bowl that sat on top of the sleek, cherry-wood hall table. The house was exactly as she’d left it. She was sure all her clothes were still there too. 

As if reading her mind, Christian said, “All your clothes are where they usually are. Go take a shower. I’m ordering us food.”

Without a word, she left to do as he ordered. Her body needed food if she was to put up the fight that was surely coming. But after seeing him point a gun at her parents, she wasn’t sure where the line was that Christian wouldn’t cross. 

She took her time in the shower, then pulled on a pair of tights and the biggest tee she could find in the closet. She also took her time eating the food he’d ordered. But no amount of waffling could halt the march of time altogether. All too soon, food was eaten, dishes put away and Ella was left scrambling to find the words which would ensure her escape. 

“Christian. I think I’m going to turn in now. The entire week has been horrid,” Ella said as she wiped her hands on the tea towel after putting the last of the dishes into the dishwasher. 

“I know, babe. I can’t imagine why you’d go to the trouble of moving into a new place when I’d told you I was coming to get you in a week. You could’ve avoided all the trouble,” Christian said as he crowded her against the kitchen bench. His hands landed on the bench, next to her hips and he leaned in, his mouth going to his favorite spot in the crook of her neck and shoulder. 

Ella pushed at him, “Let me go, Christian. I’m going to bed.

“No. It’s been too long, Ella,” he said, his tongue laying a lazy lick along her neck, before he nipped at her earlobe. 

Ella trembled, but kept the pressure on his chest. She knew it wouldn’t make him budge if he didn’t want to, but it’d tell him that she wanted him to step away. It was entirely up to him whether or not he respected her wish. 

“Don’t, please.” Ella pushed harder, frantic to get away from him as he placed tiny kisses along her jaw to the corner of her mouth. 

All he did was step further into her, pushing his hard length into her middle.

“Christian, stop, I don’t want this. I want to go, please.” She hated the way her voice cracked. Her eyes prickled, but she’d die before she allowed him to see her helpless tears.

“No,” he mumbled before his tongue lanced into her mouth. He lifted his head then, and bent to put an arm around the back of her knees. He was going to lift her up. 
She pushed at his shoulder again, “No. Wait.”

He said nothing, simply picked her up. 

“Christian, I don’t want this. Please. You can’t force me,” Ella tried again. 

“Fucking stop saying no all the time, Ella. You’re my wife and I’m going to fuck you. It’s what married couples do!” 

“No. Even married couples respect each other and stop when one partner says no,” Ella was glad for her anger. At least, it helped her get over her terror of what was to come. He was going to take what he wanted. He always had. She’d been too stupid to see it for what it really was. So often in the past, she’d said no to making love, and he’d always had his way with her, convincing her that she didn’t really mean it when she said no. Convincing her that she also liked making love. And she had, most times. Today, she knew she wouldn’t. But he would.






Thirty Seven


2019 January, 19. Salt Lake City
For all the anger she could feel in his voice, in his straining, rigid muscles, Christian was gentle as he placed Ella on the bed. In all fairness, he may not have respected it when she’d said no, but he’d never been cruel in bed. 

The intercom buzzed and he cursed, but ignored it. Moving to the head of the bed. He pulled the gun and the holster off, placed it in a drawer in the chest next to the bed and locked it. His eyes firmly on her, Christian unbuttoned the cuffs of his dress shirt. Without moving his gaze from her, he pulled his shirt free of his pants and slowly undid the buttons.

The intercom buzzed again. Ella moved on the bed. “Don’t,” he growled, his voice low, gravelly. 

“Someone’s calling you, you should -”

“Take off your top,” he ordered.

She scooted down the bed, clutching her shirt.

Somewhere another phone buzzed. Christian swore, pulling his phone out of his pocket. Ella jumped off the bed to move to the middle of the ginormous bedroom. Christian switched his phone off and nodded to her, “Take it off, Ella.”

She shook her head, inching further toward the door, to a possible escape. Christian whipped his shirt off. The house was quiet, except for the drumming of her heart in her ears. Or was it her head? She couldn’t be sure. 

“Come here, babe,” Christian held his hand out. 

Ella took off, making straight for the door. She didn’t make it far. Not that she expected it to. His size gave him a long reach and he was fast. Very fast. She was still a few feet from the door when he caught her, hauling her up against his wide chest.

She struggled to get out of his arms, but stopped when he hardened his grip. “Think about it, Christian. This is not the way to try and fix us. If you don’t respect my decision, I’ll only keep running away.”

“And I’ll keep catching you,” He said, tracing a thick, calloused finger down her jaw. 

The self-defense classes that she kept putting off? They would’ve come in handy right about now. Poke the attacker’s eyes, she’d read somewhere. She imagined poking her fingers into Christian’s eyes. No, she couldn’t do it. His finger stopped at the corner of her mouth and he pulled at her lip, forcing her to open her mouth. He put his thumb into her mouth, letting her lip go, closing her mouth over his thumb. 

She bit down on it. He roared, flinging her aside. She stumbled, but made it out of the door, banging it behind her. She knew she was crazy to even try this. He was going to catch her and when he did, he was going to be livid. Her hand crept to her throat. He’d choke her, like he used to before.

The door behind her crashed, followed by a loud, “Ella”. He’d probably taken it off its hinges. She pulled the front door open and made straight for the fire escape. There was no time to hang around waiting for the elevator to make its stately appearance. His shoes slapped the smooth floor behind her. She should’ve done something to trip him, slow him down. But there hadn’t been any time. She’d wasted precious seconds wrestling the huge steel door of the fire escape open as it is.

The steps all blurred into each other and slowly started floating up. She was going to miss a step and go tumbling down. It was a hell of a way down. She was sure to end up dead. 

“If you know what’s good for you, you’ll come right back, Ella,” his voice thundered down the closed stairwell, making the railing vibrate.

She tried to remember where the fire escape led to. The car park? Certainly not out onto the street. That’d be too good to be true. She clutched at her side, at the stitch that was tearing her up, stealing her breath. But she couldn’t afford to stop. Already, she could almost feel his breath on her back, he was that close. 

Suddenly, a thick steel door, the twin of the one that’d eaten up her time upstairs, was blocking her way. She pulled at it with all her strength and had it nearly wide enough for her to slip through when a heavy hand landed on it above her head. In the blink of an eye, the route to her escape was sealed, leaving her sandwiched between the cold door and the hot, hard body of a furious Christian. 

She screamed.

Christian’s other hand clamped around her throat, pinning her to the door. Her scream died along with the air in her lungs, leaving her gasping for breath. This time, she wasn’t strong enough, nor brave enough to control her tears. She closed her eyes, and let them flow.






Thirty Eight


2019 January, 19. Salt Lake City
How long he held her pinned by the throat against the door, Ella couldn’t say. But eventually, his grip loosened and she took in a big breath. If he let her go right now, she’d crumple to the floor. 

Christian leaned into her, “I wanted this time to be different. I was trying to change for you. But no more. This is the last time you’ve tried to run away.”

He took her by the elbow, finally letting go of her throat and dragged her away from the door. Christian pushed the heavy door open like it was some flimsy fence gate. A groan escaped Ella’s bruised throat at the unfairness of it all. She’d wasted precious seconds trying to heave the same door open. 

***

If he had to estimate, he’d say he was no more than a couple of hours behind Hoover. The little bug James had put in Ella’s phone continued to broadcast her location religiously. About an hour from Salt Lake City, he looked up her latest location. Her parents’ house. 

Was Hoover being the nice guy, leaving her to stay with her parents? Was the asshole actually trying to deal with his shit and pull it together for Ella’s sake? James sincerely hoped not. He wasn’t entirely sure how he’d feel if she got back with Hoover in a good way. Well, not quite true. While he’d try to be happy for her sake, he’d be devastated himself. 

Keeping one eye on Ella’s tracker, James kept his nose forward, closing in on the airport at Salt Lake City. If things looked like they were working out between Ella and Hoover, he’d just have to take his sorry ass back to New York and try and forget the woman who’d got under his skin so easily, so quickly. 

It’d been so long since he’d flown the jet alone. In fact too long since he’d flown anything by himself. Under different circumstances, he would’ve enjoyed the opportunity to pilot an aircraft after so long. Sadly, the circumstances were what they were and he couldn’t think much past the latest location of Ella’s tracker. 

By the time James had completed all the formalities for his jet after landing in Salt Lake City, Ella had been at Hoover’s penthouse for nearly an hour. Was that a good sign? Who knew? At this point, James couldn’t even be sure what a ‘good sign’ meant. ‘Good’ for Ella probably meant shitty for himself. But he’d eat his hair, even his dirty socks, if Hoover had suddenly grown a conscience and decided to treat Ella, or any woman for that matter, right. 

If there was any shred left of the boy his mama had raised, he’d stop thinking about what this meant for him, concentrating, instead, on whether Ella needed his help or not. Afghanistan had made sure that the boy his mama had raised was lost forever. What he was now was a ruthless warrior who needed an incredible amount of strength to ensure he didn’t simply snatch what he wanted. He needed an incredible amount of restraint to not be what Hoover was and put Ella’s needs, her wishes, foremost. 

On his way to Hoover’s apartment, he called up Joe to check if he’d heard from Ella. He hadn’t, not that James had expected any different. Now he was heading to Hoover’s apartment, he’d know soon enough why Ella hadn’t called her friends. If he got even the tiniest whiff that she was there against her wishes, he’d take her away from Hoover. A small doubt remained, of course. If the husband and wife were really making up, him popping up suddenly might not be the best. James was willing to take that chance, if it meant he could be sure Ella was unharmed and not being held against her wishes. 

Like any other mission, James was prepared with as much information as he could gather in what little time he’d had to prepare. Walking out of the parking lot where he’d deposited his rental car, he pulled his phone out. 

“Hoover here,” James snapped at the concierge of Hoover’s building. “I forgot my keycard. Open up the garage.”

“I’m sorry, Sir, but can you please confirm the car you’re driving?” The concierge asked.

“I’m in a cab. My car’s in the garage. Now open the goddamn door.”

From the lobby of the building opposite to Hoover’s James saw the massive roller door open up. He didn’t have much of a doubt his ruse would work, but it’s always good to see pieces fall in line. 

Pulling his nondescript, but clearly expensive jacket together, he strolled through the bleary winter evening into the highly secure car park. The idea was to take the fire escape right up to the penthouse apartment and take the man by surprise. If only he knew what the situation was like inside the apartment, he would’ve been better prepared. But it was what it was. Improvisation came easily to James anyway.

Once inside, he quickly spotted the security cameras. Sticking to the blind spots, he was at the fire escape when his hand froze over the doorknob. The door opened up on the inside, revealing a shirtless Hoover, his large hand wrapped around Ella’s elbow. Well, so much for the element of surprise James was going for. 

His eyes zeroed in on Ella. She looked tiny next to Hoover, his hand a dark contrast on her alabaster skin.

“Ella!” 

The two men said in unison. One word, two very different questions. Ella heard them both, not knowing how to answer either. She flinched as Christian’s hand tightened around her arm.

“What’s this fucker doing here? Did you fuck him? Huh?”

“Are you hurt, Ella? Talk to me!”

The men were talking over each other, their eyes burning her, their deep voices rumbling through her already shattered nerves. 

Christian shoved her behind him. She stumbled, but stayed on her feet. Her brain had shut down. They faced each other, both alert, both extremely lethal. Now she knew how a deer must feel when caught in the crosshairs of a pride of lions. 

She stumbled back further, squeezing her eyes closed, as the first blow landed. Oh my God! They were going to duke it out. There didn’t seem to be any point in trying to stop them. They’d only ignore her. Her stomach turned as fists smashed into flesh. Neither gave voice to the pain being inflicted upon their person.

She forced herself to open her eyes at a particularly loud thump. Christian lay on the ground, with James straddling him while sporting a bloody nose. James pulled his arm back, fingers closed into a massive fist. Ella shoved her fist into her mouth to hold in the scream that threatened to slip free. 

James must’ve seen her move, for he hesitated for a fraction of a second before driving his fist into Christian’s face. The split second of delay was enough for Christian to dodge the blow. James’s fist glanced off his jaw and smashed into the concrete ground. There was an unpleasant thump, but still not a whisper from either man. 

Christian rose up despite being pinned by James’s bulk, his head on a direct trajectory towards James’s face. Ella screamed around the fist in her mouth, the strangled sound slowing both men’s actions. This time it worked in James’s favor. Christian’s head slowed a fraction, allowing James to deflect and land a blow at the same time. 

Ella’s legs gave up. She slid down along the wall until she was on the floor, her knees drawn up to her chest. She was trembling so much, her teeth clattered, but she couldn’t seem to be able to stop. She’d never seen grown men fight. And what was transpiring right in front of her had her heart thundering in her chest. She’d forever see them both differently. Today, after seeing this battle, she truly understood the extent to which Christian had controlled his strength whenever he’d been rough with her. He could crush her throat with a single hand as easily as if he was crushing a tomato.

And James? He’d never been rough with her at all. She opened up her fist to look at her hand, the one she’d slapped him with. It’d stung like hell, like she’d slapped it against a rock. But he’d allowed it. How hard had it been for the predator in him to submit to a weaker animal such as her?

“Please, stop it. Both of you,” she finally screamed. 

They froze, their eyes, blue and grey, so different in color and yet both burning with feral instinct turned to her. She must be completely out of her mind to call attention to herself like this. God only knew how much control they had over themselves right now. Perhaps they were completely under the influence of adrenalin, totally incapable of thinking past the battle. 

“Ella,” James started.

“Don’t you dare talk to her,” Christian snarled as he turned and smacked his fist into James’s middle.

Ella’s belly clenched in sympathy, but James didn’t react, save for a grunt. She closed her eyes. It was too much, seeing the two men fight like animals. One who’d owned her, demanded her submission all her life, and one who’d taught her a strong man should be strong enough to respect a woman for what she was, not for who she belonged to. She wouldn’t deny James had tried to control her life in his own way, but he’d not forced her to bend to his will. He’d let her go when she’d asked to be left alone. He’d let her rant and rave at him, without bullying her into silence. He’d apologized to her when she’d pointed out his mistakes.

A violent shudder rent her apart - the car park was silent, except for the sound of heavy breathing. She didn’t dare open her eyes. There was only one reason the blows would stop. One of them had fallen. Dead? She wrapped her arms around her legs, pulling them further into her body, making herself tiny. If she was lucky, whoever had won the fight would just walk away, too tired to bother with her. 

A rough hand grabbed her arm, forcing her to her feet. “Come.” The voice was rougher than the hand.








Thirty Nine


2019 January, 19. Salt Lake City
It was James. She couldn’t stand still, she couldn’t stop trembling. If he let go of her arm right now, she’d crumple back to the floor. She took in James’s appearance. He had a bruise that pretty much covered half his face, His usually pristine white shirt was torn with splotches of blood. It’d be impossible to say how much was his and how much Christian’s. Not that it really mattered. They’d fought for her, over her and it wasn’t a feeling she cared for. 

He shook her gently again, “We need to leave before he comes to.”

Ella sought out Christian. He was sprawled on the harsh concrete floor, face down. She couldn’t see his face, but a bruise was coloring up his side. She gasped. Was he dead?

As if reading her thoughts, James assured her. “He’s not dead. Come,” he said, turning around towards the exit. His voice was softer this time, but his hand around her arm tightened, so she dug her heels in. She needed time to process what just happened. 

“No,” she finally pushed a word out of her aching, scratchy, throat.

He turned around and despite herself, she flinched. He loosened his grip on her arm. “Do you want to stay with him?” He asked.

She shook her head. She didn’t want to stay with him. But neither did she want to go with James. Besides, what if Christian was too badly hurt? What if he needed help?

“We need to get help for him,” she said, looking up at James. His face was still set in hard lines, his eyes still stormy. There was no empathy there, just sheer determination. 

“He’ll be alright. Make up your mind, Ella. If you want to take your chances with him, decide now,” he threw the ultimatum down. 

She looked back at Christian. “Will you take me back to my parents?” She wasn’t about to let herself get kidnapped twice in a day. 

“Yes,” he answered instantly. It was as if that question was her capitulation. He strode towards the exit, with Ella in tow. On the way, he picked up a black coat which was clearly his and which he must’ve dropped at some point before or during they started fighting.

He opened the narrow door on the side of the car park, but held Ella back while he quickly assessed the outside. Then he turned around to place his coat around her shoulders. “My car is in the parking lot right round the corner. Are you okay to walk?” He asked, looking down at her shoeless feet. 

“I’ll be okay,” she whispered. He didn’t hesitate after that. With her hand in his, he stepped out, setting up a brisk pace back to his car. 

“Do you want to call Tilly or Joe? They’ve been worried,” he asked as they got out of the parking lot, offering her his phone.

“Thank you,” Ella murmured as she shot a text off to her friends. She looked out at the dark night. They’ll both be sleeping already. But within moments, his phone buzzed with their responses. They must’ve been staying up, worrying for her. 

Her heart eventually slowed down enough for her to think more clearly than back in the car park. She stole a glance at James. His eyes were glued to the Sunday evening traffic out of downtown. Half his face had swollen up, nearly shutting off one eye. 

“I should be driving. You’re in no shape to drive,” Ella said, receiving a grunt for a reply. 

Then, his eyes still on the road, he asked, “Were you trying to run away from him?”

“Yes. He wanted to...” She was glad he wasn’t looking at her as she fumbled with her thoughts, trying to arrange them so they made sense. “He can’t take no for an answer. I didn’t...couldn’t…” She trailed away, helpless, at a loss for the courage to say what needed to be said. 

His large body tensed next to her. When she sneaked another look, his knuckles were white on the steering wheel.

“Did he rape you?” James bit out, making Ella flinch.

“No.” Her voice was a mere breath.

“He was going to.” It wasn’t a question and she wasn’t going to answer it. 

The rest of the drive was uncomfortably quiet. She took her first easy breath only after they turned onto her street. He’d not asked her for the address, but here they were, driving up the driveway. 

Rose was at the door before James brought the car to a stop. She took the hand James held out for her. With his hand on the small of her back, he led her up the wide stairs to her door as if he belonged there. 

“Ella? Who’s….what...” Rose trailed off as she stepped aside to let Ella and James into the house. 

“Ma’am. I’m James O’Connor. I helped Ella when she was trying to run away from Hoover,” James introduced himself, held his hand out to shake, then quickly took it back as if noticing the blood and dirt for the first time. 

“Ella?” Rose turned to her for confirmation. 

“Yes, Mom. Can you show Mr. O’Connor to the bathroom so he can clean up? I’ll go up and change,” Ella said, turning to go up the stairs to her room. 

“That won’t be necessary. I’ll take your leave now,” James declared.

“Ella! Jesus! Where were you?” Dr. Bridges’ bass voice boomed from the doorway, halting Ella halfway up the stairs. She ran back down the steps to throw herself into his arms. 

“Dad. We were at Christian’s penthouse.”

“That’s what I thought. I went there right after you left here. Why did you leave with him, Ella?” Desmond asked. 

“Des, you haven’t met Mr. O’Connor. He found Ella when she was trying to escape again and brought her home,” Rose interrupted. “Mr. O’Connor, my husband, Dr. Desmond Bridges,” she introduced.

“What’s going on here? No one was at the penthouse when I went there. Where did you find Ella?”

***

James pinched the bridge of his nose. This was going to take far longer than he liked. “Ma’am, can I get a glass of water, please?” He asked Rose. He might as well get a little bit comfortable. 

“Of course,” Rose hurried out. 

“Let’s sit in my study,” Desmond waved to a hallway going off to his left. 

His arm firmly on Ella’s shoulder, he led the way to his study. Settling her down on one of the La-Z-Boys, he turned to the small bar on top of the fireplace. “A drink, Mr. O’Connor?” 

“A scotch would be nice, Sir. And please, call me James.”

“Very well, James. A Scotch it is, then. Let’s get the formality out of the way. Please call me Desmond, or Des.”

By the time Rose came in the three were settled comfortably. She handed Ella a tall glass of water and picked up the scotch her husband had poured out for her. It looked like Ella had picked the best of both her parents. Her mother’s delicate, graceful build and her father’s startling green eyes and raven black hair. 

“Oh! Excuse me,” Desmond shot up to his feet. “I must call inspector O’Malley and tell him I found you,” he said, looking at Ella. “When I found no one at the penthouse, I went straight to the police. I don’t know why you went with him, Ella, but things didn’t look right to me. So I reported you missing.”

The room was silent until Desmond completed his call with the inspector. Then James asked, “Why didn’t you stay at your parents’, Ella?” Was she going to give the bloody asshole another chance? She’d better not! James carefully loosened his grip on the delicate crystal glass in his hands. 

“I didn’t have a choice. He had a gun. I was afraid he’d end up hurting you,” Ella confessed.

“So you put yourself in danger?” Desmond bellowed. It was just as well, because that’s exactly what James wanted to do.

“What else could I do, daddy? Let him shoot you and Mom?” Ella cried. 

“Surely, he wouldn’t have actually done it,” Rose started. 

“He could've, Mom.” The finality in Ella’s voice had her mother clamp her mouth shut. 

“Desmond, do you know a good lawyer here, someone not afraid of going up against Hoover?” James asked. 

“I do. If you’re going where I think you’re going with this, then don’t worry about it. I will start the proceedings tomorrow,” Desmond said. “Last time when Ella asked for my help, I simply thought the two of them were going through the seven year itch. It wasn’t until months later that Ella actually told me what the bastard was doing to her,” his eyes landed on Ella, the hurt clear. “You should’ve told me sooner, sweetie,” he added. 

“You’ll also need to get a restraining order,” James said. This time, he’d make sure Ella had all the security she could get before she came back to hi-. That thought needed to be nipped in the bud. Not that he didn’t want her to come to him. He just didn’t believe in deluding himself. He was going to have to start all over again to gain her trust. 

“You’ll come back to New York after you’ve started the divorce and got your restraining order?” This, he directed to Ella.

“How do you know Ella, Mr. O’Connor?” Rose asked, a small frown marring her still beautiful face. 

“I own the shop and apartment she’s renting in New York,” James answered Rose, but kept his gaze on Ella. 

He would’ve missed the tiny gasp that escaped her if he’d not been watching her like a hawk. This time round, he was going to do it right. He wouldn’t apologize for taking steps to ensure her safety, but he wouldn’t keep her in the dark about what he was doing. 

“And how did you know where to find her today?” Desmond asked, pinning James with a sparkling green gaze which was remarkably similar to his daughter’s. 

Again, his eyes on Ella, he answered, “Hoover had sent Ella a message demanding she return back to him within a week. At the time I didn’t know precisely how troubled their relationship was, but I could see that Ella was terrified of the prospect of returning to him. She also seemed quite certain that he’d force her hand if she refused to leave New York with him. So, I bugged her phone so that I could track her location at all times.”

This time Ella returned his gaze with fire of her own. He much preferred a furious Ella to the scared, broken Ella he’d found in the car park at Hoover’s. 

“But my phone was switched off,” she challenged. 

“My bug works even when the phone is switched off. It’ll only stop working if you remove the battery.” 

James tipped the rest of the drink in and stood up, “I’ll get going now. Unless you need my help tomorrow?” He pointed this one at Desmond. 

“No. But I’d like to thank you for keeping our daughter safe. We’re forever grateful to you for your help,” Desmond got to his feet, extending his hand. 

James shook the older man’s hand, but again, his eyes were pinned on Ella. “She’s become very precious to me in a very short amount of time. I’ll continue to look after her.” With a promise and a challenge in his eyes, he left.






Forty


2019 January, 19. Salt Lake City
Christian groaned, sitting up on the hard, naked, concrete floor to take in the empty car park. It’d been a quick, but savage fight. That he’d lost the fight, in more ways than one, stung like a bitch. The empty spot where Ella had been sitting hurt far worse than the actual broken nose, or the possibly broken rib.

She’d be forever sorry she dared to defy him. He might’ve gone easy on her if she’d been running away to her parents’ home. But she’d run away with another man. That was unacceptable, unforgivable. 

Hoisting himself to his feet, Christian strode to his elevator. In under thirty minutes, he had showered and was roaring out towards the Bridges’ house. They were sure to be aware of where she was. 

This time he wouldn’t stand for the bullshit they threw his way last time. This time, they’d spill her whereabouts. Whether they chose to do it the easy way or the hard way, he’d leave up to them. 

The thoughts raging loud in his mind, he almost didn’t hear his phone. He jabbed a finger on the flashing screen on the dash and barked, “Is it done?”

“Yes, boss. Everything is where it belongs,” Dave said. At least some things were still going as they should. He could stop thinking about the shipment now it was where it belonged.

“Well done, Dave.” Christian ended the call as he pulled up to the gates of Ella’s parents’ house. Punching his code in, he was waiting for the gates to open up when there was a knock on the driver’s side window. 

He had seen the patrol car sitting opposite the house, but thought nothing of it. Now an idiot who’d yet to sprout a beard was knocking his baton on Christian’s window. The boy waited impatiently, going up on his toes, then pressing back on his heels. The moment the window was down fully, he said, “I’m sorry, Sir, Mr. Hoover, but you can’t go in.”

“What the fuck do you mean,” Christian snapped, starting at the boy’s narrow chest before pinning him with a glare. 

“Sir. You can’t approach the Bridges’ place. I mean, Sir, you can’t be less than 500 yards from the house,” the boy explained.

“What?” Christian roared, prompting the young sergeant to jump back to a safe distance. 

“Sir, there’s a restraining order...”

“Shut the fuck up. Who signed the fucking order?” Christian asked. 

“Judge Jones, Sir, he signed the order not a half hour ago,” the man stammered out from the safe distance he’d put between himself and a fuming Christian. 

Judge Bernard Jones! The guy was a bootlicker if there ever was one. Desmond must’ve promised to treat him and his family for free for the rest of their lives. Otherwise, there was no way they could produce a restraining order in so short a time. No matter. He had plenty of contacts himself. He’d have the order rescinded in no time. But first, Desmond Bridges had a reckoning coming his way. 

Christian punched the code in again. It must’ve timed out while the idiot was yacking away. No one, not even Judge Jones would dare sign a restraining order against him. Exactly like they hadn’t dared to the last time Ella had the stupid idea to go to them for one in the past. 

The doors stayed firmly closed. The nervous sergeant was now being joined by a burly, quarter-back sized officer. 

“Sir. I must ask you to leave immediately,” the new officer wasn’t cowed by the Hoover name. Christian debated whether to stay and bully his way in, or call Desmond and thrash it out over the phone.

He pulled his phone out and without bothering with formalities, asked, “Desmond, is my wife with you?”

“Ella is with us, Christian,” Desmond’s calm, smooth voice came down the other end. 

“Why can’t I get in? Have you changed the code for the gate?”

“Yes. The codes have been changed to ensure Ella gets her privacy,” he replied pointedly. 

“What do you mean, privacy? She is my wife and I intend to talk to her. Let me in, Desmond,” Christian demanded. 

“I suggest you come to the judge’s office tomorrow morning.”

“I’m not signing divorce papers. Ella had better get that through her head.”

Desmond sighed, “Christian, son, I wish it hadn’t come to this. That you two could work it out between yourselves. But what I saw this evening was enough to convince me. Ella is getting a divorce, whether you sign the papers or not.” 

Christian killed the phone. He had no interest in talking to his wife’s father anymore. With a rubber burning screech, he swung the car around, leaving the two policemen slack-jawed. 

Back at the apartment, he waited until the city grew quiet, lost in the winter darkness. It didn’t take long. He’d be damned if he allowed his wife to stay away from him when they were in the same city. As for the stupid idea of a divorce which she’d somehow managed to shove down her parents’ throats, it needed to be put to rest once and for all. He couldn’t afford to continually worry about her running away. He had better things to do, for fuck’s sake!

He picked up his M9 Beretta from its resting place. With quick, efficient movements, he pulled it apart, and cleaned it before loading it up. He didn’t expect to have to shoot, but he wasn’t a fool to go out on a mission without any firepower. Even if the mission was as simple as retrieving an errant wife who’d cry if she accidentally stepped on a ladybird. 

Kitted out in all-black, skin hugging camo, he was ready to blend into the night. He knew the layout of the Hoover mansion nearly as well as he knew his own house. Getting to Ella’s bedroom would be a walk in the park. So would dragging her out with him. 

Parking a couple of blocks from his destination, he started his silent trek to the back of the mansion. Highly unlikely the police were patrolling the back of the property. In fact, it was unlikely they’d watch the house all night, but he’d never been one to take unnecessary chances. Besides, Ella’s bedroom was to the back of the house, overlooking the pool. 

His dick hardened at that reminder. Taking a few deep breaths, he walked round to the back. As expected, the narrow door in the wall was open. It was too far from the actual house, so there was no reason to be careful of the noise he made. But he’d been a soldier for too long. The silent movements, more a way of life than a conscious effort. 

Ella’s bedroom sat on top of the games room. He hoisted himself up onto the top ledge of the window and from there it was another easy lift onto the ledge of Ella’s favorite bay window.

Once secure on the ledge, he tested the window. It lifted up easily. Atta girl. Ever the trust-in-the-kindness-of-people kinda girl. Christian stepped into her room. 

Walking up to the bed, he waited to allow his eyes to adjust to the pitch dark of the room. The covers looked like there was someone under there. He looked to the foot of the bed.

Nothing. Ella never slept with her feet tucked under the covers. Even in the depth of winter. His fingers curled tighter than required around the butt of his gun as he pulled it out of his waistband.

She fucking dared go with another man! 

Blood roared in his ears as he narrowed his eyes and turned slowly. There was a whisper of a sound. He’d have easily missed the sound if he’d not been so tuned to every sound Ella made.

***

A sweaty hand clamped over her mouth, Ella shrank back into the shadow of the dresser at the foot of the bed. When the room started to go blurry, she drew in a soft breath. 

He turned around. Surely, he must see her now. Why was he not moving, then? The gun was a cold, ugly weight in her hands. But she’d die before she let go of the weapon.

Hysterical laughter threatened to bubble out. She might die if she let go of the weapon. James’s words rang in her head. And just like that, you lost the one chance you had of using that weapon. 

With James, she’d gotten away with losing that chance. He hadn’t hurt her. Tonight, with Christian, she wouldn’t get away with it. 

“Ella.” His voice was low, dangerous, making her skin erupt in goosebumps. The game was over. He had to have seen her. Her feet itched to move, but she forced herself to stay still. Maybe, just maybe, this was her lucky night and he hadn’t, by some miracle, seen her.

“Don’t make me come get you, Ella.”

The menace, the promise, in his voice was like a vice around her throat, exactly like his hands had been so many times before. She felt sick. As if her terror was a living thing, trying to claw its way out of her gut. She swallowed a whimper and stayed put.

In one large stride, he was towering over her, his boots inches from her toes, his gun hanging securely in a comfortable grip by his thigh. Had he found her in the bed, would he have shot her? Probably not. But what he would have done would’ve been far worse. 

Earlier when she’d gone to bed, every time she closed her eyes, James and Christian’s brutal fight played out before her eyes. Until she felt like she needed to throw up. So, picking up the gun she’d borrowed from Dad, she’d taken herself to the toilet. She’d just been coming out of her bathroom when she’d seen Christian pushing her window open and sank to the floor.

“Let’s go home, babe,” he said and held his hand out.

Ha! As if! How much time was too much time? Had she given away her advantage by not shooting already? No. He must not have seen her gun, or he wouldn’t have been this relaxed.

It was now or never. She could either shoot him now, when he wasn’t expecting it, or lose her chance for good. But what if…

Rough fingers closed around her wrist and he gave a hard tug, intending to pull her to her feet. Not expecting any resistance. To be honest, she didn’t have the energy to resist him anyway. She was too scared. Ironically, it was his gun which’d scared her a moment ago which gave her the push she needed to act. 

Yanking her arm from his unsuspecting grip, she scrambled to her feet. Holding her gun in both her hands, she closed her eyes and pulled the trigger. The recoil from the gun and the loud crraack of the discharge sent her stumbling back into the wall. There was no sound from Christian. 

She opened her eyes, terrified she’d blown her chance and missed the shot, but also horrified that she’d actually hit Christian and killed him. As if in slow motion, he looked down at himself. Ella followed his gaze, gasping at the wet patch growing larger by the minute. Stunned, he looked from his bleeding torso to her, “You shot me!”

She didn’t get a chance to say anything to that as her Dad came crashing into her room, followed by her Mom. Christian’s knees buckled and he wavered. Desmond quickly put his arm around him, pushing him gently back on to Ella’s bed. 

Rose held her hand out. “Give me the gun, honey,” she coaxed. Ella dropped the gun, her eyes going back to Christian. He was white as a sheet, even in the bright light of her bedroom. Dad was making one call after another, but Ella couldn’t make out what was being said. The shot was still ringing in her ears. The shot, and Christian’s shocked whisper. You shot me.






A Year Later


2020 January 19. New York City
James took a long sip of the scalding coffee as he sat in Buzz and Legend’s office. With the rising tension between the Middle East and the USA, they’d gone from two teams of four to five teams of four. And it showed - from their brand new office in Manhattan to their continuous trips overseas.

“What’s up with you guys?” James asked, pinning his blue gaze on Legend. 

“We lead our own lives. Unlike some,” Legend returned. 

James turned to glare at Buzz as his laughter rang through the office, “Both of you need to get your heads out of your asses and take charge instead of following the women around like lost puppies.”

“Says the guy who hasn’t been able to shore up enough courage to talk to the woman responsible for his loveless life for years,” Legend retorted.

“Hey man! That was below the belt,” James snapped. 

“I know. Sorry,” Legend muttered. It was an unspoken pact among the three to not talk about the one woman who’d managed to get under Buzz’s skin, the one woman who hadn’t been ‘just a lay’. In fact, she hadn’t even been a lay. And yet, despite all of his womanizing, Legend and James knew, Buzz hadn’t forgotten Zeeana. 

“Fuck you!” Buzz spat, planting his booted feet with a thud on the floor. His chair crashed into the wall as he rose up and marched out. 

“What the hell, man?” James turned to Legend. 

“I said sorry, didn’t I?” Legend snapped. “In any case, he needs to either go talk to the girl, or stop pining after her.”

“Then maybe you can teach him how to do that?” 

Legend sighed, “My case, Koopa, is non-salvageable. How are you progressing?”

James chuckled, “A fine bunch we are. Trained warriors and can’t get one woman to toe the line. But I’m pulling out the stops tonight. No more pretending.”

“Good on you! What’s with the ex?” Legend asked.

James couldn’t keep the pride out of his voice, “Ella’s bullet got him in the kidneys after licking his spine. Took him months to recover. But no doubt he’s planning something as we speak.”

“Hmm. And what about his business?” Legend asked.

James groaned. “Well...we weren’t able to tie him substantially to the drop of weapons we missed. We caught one bugger and he’s out of commission for good. But you know how it is,” he finished, running a frustrated hand through his hair.

Legend nodded, “You feel like the little Dutch boy.”

“Precisely! You put down one and three more spring up in his place. I can say, though, that Hoover’s been pretty quiet for the last year,” James said.

“Just take care. If he was involved in the arms deal that went through last year, he’s probably just laying low. And he’ll be back for Ella,” Legend warned.

“I will, mate. Thanks. You need to go talk to Cathy and take care of business properly this time,” James returned before letting himself out of the office. 

“Do you think he’s finally given up?” Tilly asked, eyeing the time. It was well past nine in the morning. The bouquet of twelve red roses, addressed to Ella, which had arrived promptly at nine every day for nearly a year had not been delivered yet.

Ella smiled, “We may actually have to buy one ourselves today if it doesn’t come. The regulars are now used to having this place smell of roses every day.”

Tilly sighed. “I’d happily give an arm and a leg to have a man woo me like this!” She said, batting her ridiculously long and thick eyelashes. 

A year ago, if someone had told Ella moving a couple hundred yards would mean thousands more dollars in sales, she’d have laughed them off. But last year would’ve proven them right. A year ago, if someone had told her she’d no longer jump every time a large shadow moved over her, she’d have scoffed and told them they would have to live with someone like Christian to really understand why she was terrified of large shadows.

So much had changed in the last year. It’d taken Christian the better part of a year to completely recover from her wayward shot. The bullet had clipped his spine before lodging itself in the kidney, leaving him bed-bound for months. But Christian was nothing if not determined and strong. He’d gone through his rehab and according to Mom was back to his normal, fit, strong, state. 

James made sure she still worried about Christian enough to stay alert. He was convinced the man wouldn’t give up simply because she was now armed with a divorce and a restraining order. 

James and co were now a regular presence in the coffee shop. Honestly, she’d lose a lot of her female customers if the three hunks stopped haunting the Sugar & Spice. Not that she’d ever tell them that. Their egos were already too big!

And James? He was still bossy, he was still short tempered and he still needed to be in control at all times. But he was also now always considerate of the fact that he couldn’t take over her life and drive it as he seemed fit. So, he still accessed the feed from the security cameras, but now she knew about it. Not only did she know about it, he’d installed a computer which showed her the feed in her home too. Now she could see the whole passage outside her apartment, and keep an eye on the shop when it was closed. 

He still continuously tinkered in her home to add ‘security’ features for the eventual showdown with Christian that he was convinced was coming. But he explained to her what he was installing, how it’d help her and taught her how the gadget worked. 

They’d spent a lot of the year together, in the company of their friends or just by themselves. She was done with having a man, let alone another alpha male, in her life. But he was nothing if not persistent. Since the first day she’d come back to New York after securing her freedom from Christian, he’d sent her a dozen red roses. Every single day at precisely nine am. Except today. And if Ella knew anything of James, it was that he never gave up. He’d just changed his game, and if she were a betting woman, she’d bet he’d upped the ante.

When she went upstairs for her mid-morning break, Ella was edgy. James was up to something. Soaking in her bath, she spent all her time trying to come up with an explanation for why he hadn’t sent her the flowers today. Her gut screamed at her that it meant he was ready to spring the trap on her. What shocked her was she wasn’t really opposed to the idea! He’d slowly and surely, acting in a way which went completely against his grain, chipped away at her doubts, at her fear. Brought her to a stage where she was looking forward to accepting him. 

As the day drew to a close, with no roses in sight, Ella was ready to march up to his apartment and demand why she hadn’t received her roses today! He hadn’t even turned up at the shop for his lunch, or his afternoon coffee which was an established routine.

She had a buzzing headache by the time she closed up shop and trudged up to her apartment. She hated admitting it, but she’d missed him all day. It wasn’t like she saw him every day. He had work, after all and so did she. But whenever he’d gone out of the city, or just been busy in his den, he’d always told her. She knew where he’d be. That stopped her mid-stride. It was almost like her mom and dad. They always knew where the other one was. Oh God! Was he not well? She should’ve called him. What if he was lying helpless, sick in his apartment? 

He’d given her the code to his private elevator pretty much as soon as she’d come back from Salt Lake City. She nearly turned around to go back down and take his elevator up when she saw something sitting in front of her door. 

Her roses! She picked them up, let herself into her home and flipped the little card. His hard scrawl looked totally incongruent to the delicate little piece of paper.

Meet me at the front of the building at Nineteen hundred

She read the message for what it was. A choice. Her choice. He hadn’t changed for her. He couldn’t and she didn’t want him to change for her. Nobody could change what they were. But he had adapted for her. And he’d shown it in a million different ways over all of last year. Like this note. It was an order, there was no disguising it. But it was an order she could choose to follow, or not. Without consequences.






Epilogue


She didn’t know what he’d planned, but she didn’t agonize over what to wear. She was making a statement tonight. She was answering his order with her own challenge. She went with a steel grey, silk wrap dress with her red stilettos. Then matched it up with daring red lipstick. 

At exactly seven, not a minute earlier, Ella stepped out of her building. James’ sleek red Tesla was sitting low in front of her. The moment she appeared, James was out of his car and striding to the passenger side. The stars were certainly telling her something tonight, for he was dressed in a sharp, steel grey suit. They couldn’t have coordinated their wardrobe better even if they’d planned it. 

He stopped in front of her. In spite of her heels and the fact that the sidewalk was adding a couple more inches to her height, her eyes were barely level with his. He held his hand out for her to take. When she placed her hand into his, he bowed his head so his lips were at her ears and whispered, “Thank you.”

About the author
Scarlett Walters is an indie author living in Melbourne, Australia. She loves reading romance, science fiction, historical fiction, political thrillers – well, give her pretty much anything other than horror and she will happily dive into it. 
Apart from writing whenever she can sneak a little bit of time, she works as a web publisher with the Australian Public Service. 
She is loves cooking, but these days, she can be found trawling the internet for recipes of different types of breads. Follow her to find what’s up with the next book in the series, or even for how her latest attempt at bread making have gone!

@scarwals


Author Scarlett Walters | Facebook

Scarlett Walters (Author of Once Bytten) | Goodreads

Author Scarlett Walters

Coming up next

Once bytten is the first instalment of the Once & Forever series. But as you know there’s more to Ella and James’s story. Find out how they get their HEA in Twice Rescued – coming March 2022.

Until then – don’t be a strange! Keep in touch here!
