One More Night
MMRD 2


One More Night (MMRD #2)
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2015 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction.  Any References to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

No matter where you are there is always a point in life when you feel invisible or alone.
 This is for you.


Prologue: “La La” The Cab
Liam

Five months earlier…
“Screw off,” Gemma snapped while pushing herself off the bar. As she bolted in the opposite direction, she looked like the fucking sexiest stripper in the universe. She wore black leather, thigh-high boots that soon had me seeing stars with just the passing notion of her wrapping those leather-clad legs around my waist as I pounded into her while she cried out my name. 
My eyes lowered, taking in a small slip of creamy, white leg that showed between the dress that barely covered her ass and her boots. Fuck, I wanted to touch her so badly. 
I knew it wasn’t a good idea. Rhys warned me off for obvious reasons. He didn’t want anything messing up his chances with Genevieve, her twin sister. The girl that brought my brother to his knees, spouting I love yous. Pathetic was what he had become. No girl could ever make me change! Rhys’s warning only fueled the desire inside me. I wanted to know, but I also wanted to respect Rhys and Gen, even if he was a whipped man. I liked Gen and hoped she’d stay around.
It was such a bad idea to follow her, but I couldn’t help it. I found myself walking toward her yet again. How many disses could I really expect to endure tonight?
“I’m really offended, mentaller,” I said, dropping the phony accent I only used during shows. I guessed she wouldn’t know I was calling her crazy, but hey, she could Google that shit if she were really curious.
“What did you call me?” Just like a hungry trout, she took the bait. Her warm, brown eyes narrowed in on me as she stopped and turned, waiting for me to elaborate. 
“Beautiful?” I tried.
Her sour expression told me she didn’t swallow it. I liked knowing that she thought I was full of shit. Most girls took whatever I said at face value and never called me out on all the crap I spewed. I could spew a lot of it, too, especially if I thought I might get lucky. She was not one of those women. She crossed her arms over her chest, and my eyes dropped momentarily to enjoy the sight of her cleavage when her breasts pressed together. 
“Wipe the drool, asshole. My eyes are up here.” Did she really just say that to me? I knew my mouth was hanging open, stunned she would fucking say that. Who says shit like that? 
“Listen,” I started. I looked into those eyes that never revealed anything but contempt for me. “Your eyes… they remind me of toasted almonds.” She stared at me long and hard for a moment before responding with something I never thought I would hear. She laughed; and I heard it all the way down to my balls. The sound of it momentarily blinded me with arousal. Fuck, what was that? I probably needed to see a doctor; my reaction couldn’t be normal. 
“Is that the best you got?” she mocked.
“Oh, please! I’ve got plenty more where that came from!” I countered with a wave of my hand. “You’re wearing stripper boots.” She looked at me and a small smile beautified her sweet mouth, revealing two small dimples beneath her lower lip.
 I wanted that fucking mouth all over me right about now. Kissing, sucking, biting, I’d take any of it and greedily. I kept watching her mouth as her small smile turned into a frown. My mind registered the change and I racked my brain for something to say to bring it back. I just wanted her to laugh again… I needed to hear her laugh again. Yeah, I think I was probably losing my shit. What was my doctor’s name again anyway?
“Rhys and Gemma are leaving. I bet I won’t be seeing her tonight.” She sighed as if that thought depressed her before turning and leaning on the bar to order another drink. I didn’t recognize the bartender, but if he kept peering down the front of her dress like that, we would get real fucking acquainted fast. 
“You jealous?” I inquired, aching to know what wheels were spinning in her pretty, blonde, little head. 
She gave me a suspicious look, seemingly to measure me up. “It stays between us?” I nodded, and she continued. “I’m just so tired of Gen having it all. She gets Dad’s attention, the company, the RA I pointed out, and for once, I just want something for me. Does that make me a bitch?” she asked, turning toward me. This conversation suddenly got much deeper than I could have ever anticipated. I just wanted some sex in a closet, not to dive into the issues existing between her twin and her.
“Not at all. I’m sure there is something good in your future,” I said, leaning closer to her so the goddamned bartender would back the hell up. He got the message. 
“Like?” she asked with a small smile on her lips.
“Like, I understand exactly what you’re going through.” She snorted and just maybe it might have turned me on a little, not that I’d admit it out loud. Everything she did seemed to go straight to my throbbing cock. 
“I doubt that,” she countered. 
“Darling, I have middle child syndrome. Why do you think I’m the lead singer of a band? I suffer from overcompensation.” She laughed. 
“And to think I thought you were overcompensating for what was in your pants, not because you had to share the spotlight with your brother and sister.” 
“Well, you have to find that one out on your own,” I suggested licentiously. 
“Did you just proposition me?” she asked and a lovely blush colored her cheeks.
“Only if you want it to be a proposition,” I challenged, moving more into her space.
She bit her lip, and I knew she was warring with something. She briefly looked around the club before her attention returned to me. 
“One night,” she started. “I don’t want to ruin whatever Gen and Rhys share. Then we never talk about it again.” A girl after my own fucking heart! 
I kissed her hand and started to pull her out of the club. This was exactly what I needed. We stopped at my bike, or rather, she paused when we reached my bike. 
“I can’t get on that,” she complained. 
“You’re perfectly safe. I even have a pretty, purple helmet for you,” I replied, offering her my chick helmet. My motorcycle was badass, and most girls loved to get on my classic, lowrider Harley. Sure, I screamed sex appeal, but the bike brought the message home if there were any doubt left in anyone’s mind.
“Will I get lice from that helmet?” she asked. Who the hell asked questions like that? “I know you get around,” she added as explanation. I just looked at her for a long moment. Did this girl always say whatever came into her damn head? Gemma was really starting to kill the mood. I wanted to screw, not discuss something that was really fucking close to an STD. Lice and crabs were like the same thing. And definitely not proper hookup talk.
“Please! Most girls don’t even have the honor of making it out of the club with me.” She opened her pretty, freshly glossed lips for a biting reply, but restrained herself and strapped on the helmet. 
“Lead the way,” she answered instead, settling onto the saddle of my bike like a pro. Fuck! Her dressed hiked up, exposing nearly all of her thighs. I was already looking forward to the best part: having those sexy, leather-clad legs wrapped tightly around the bike, while her hands held me pretty tight. “Liam?” she asked when I probably appeared lost in my own sex-crazed head. I hopped on and relished the feel of her hands and thighs when she nestled closer to me. This would be a long fucking ride. “Your place, or mine?” 
“Yours. I have a roommate who’s at home.”  
“Gen will be at Rhys’s; so I suppose I have nothing to worry about?” Gemma asked, double-checking that my brother would keep her busily occupied. 
“I’d really like to stop talking about my brother’s sex life and start enjoying my own,” I replied drily. 
“Go ahead,” she said without further argument. That was the last confirmation I needed. Gemma and Genevieve were identical twins; and when Rhys introduced me to Gen, I was sold. I instantly craved some of that sexy in my life. Rhys, however, put his claim on her right away, which was unfortunate for me. The girl was smart as a whip and one of the most charming people I ever met, including myself, whom I consider pretty fucking charming. I manage to entice the panties off at least one woman every night. 
Anyway, back to the point, Gen introduced me to her twin, and I think she did so in the hope that something would happen. The only problem is… I’m a manwhore. Yes, I wanted to screw Gemma, but she couldn’t make me pull a three-sixty. Not the way Rhys did with Gen. I was, and plan to remain, untamable. Many women have tried to domesticate me, but no one ever succeeded. Why? Because I know the truth. Everyone is replaceable, so why get attached? Why limit yourself to one woman when I can have dozens? Why settle down with only one and sacrifice my freedom to be me?
I parked near Rhys’s assigned RA spot as the lead RA of the dorm where Gemma and Gen live at Northeastern University. Gemma threw the helmet off like it actually did have lice, and rushed off without me. When I caught up to her, I noticed the naughty smile on her face. This would be a crazy night; I could tell. 
“Rule one,” she said with a coordinating finger.
I raised a brow to convey my dissent. 
“This never happened, once you leave.” 
“Okay,” I agreed, holding open the main door for her. 
“Two,” she continued while adding another finger. “It never happens again. No matter what.” 
“Oh, please! I’m never one for repeats. I know what a one-night-stand is.” She rolled her eyes, obviously disgusted.
“Okay,” she replied, holding back the snide remark on the tip of her tongue. She opened the door to the stairs and I followed her up, having no clue where she lived. The few times I went there were for Rhys. 
Gemma ascended the stairs shakily. She drank a lot more than I thought throughout the night, but what was the fun if we weren’t both buzzed? Okay, I was more buzzed from the gig, not the alcohol, but that didn’t matter. 
She opened the door to the second floor, and I followed her to her room, conveniently located beside the stairs. After a few tries, she pushed her door open with an audible sigh of relief and I smiled as she giggled. I rammed her against the door, closing it in the process. Her almond-colored eyes flared with something that bolted through my entire body. 
“Wrap your legs around me,” I demanded. She smiled, apparently not listening to me. 
I pushed her loose, blonde hair out of my way and pressed my lips on hers. My tongue insisted she give me a little more. Her hands combed through my hair as her legs automatically wrapped around my waist without further argument. 
Guess there would be something I could knock off my bucket list tonight: fucking a girl in stripper boots. Check.

 1:  “Beauty and the Beat” Justin Bieber
Gemma 
Present…

Throwing a grape into my mouth, I turned over. My backside felt warm after tanning for the last hour. This was definitely the life: my iPod, a refreshing swimming pool, and gorgeous weather. Too bad, impending doom clouded my future. Gen, my twin, was anxiously driving to the Cape from Boston. She was accompanied by not only her boyfriend, Rhys, but also his entire family. 
Okay, perhaps I’m being a little dramatic; I actually like Rhys, and his sister, Colleen. The problem is his little brother, Liam. I hate him. Damn! Isn’t there a stronger word than hate? I loathe him. I detest him. I abhor him. I hope that gets my point across.
After convincing me to sleep with him when I was drunk, I was caught by my father and haven’t managed to live it down since. I specifically remembered us making a vow beforehand to pretend like nothing ever happened that night; but no, Liam couldn’t do that. I kept my big mouth shut, but have a hard time believing he did. Gen and Rhys kept looking at us like they knew something was going on. Newsflash: nothing could ever be going on between Liam and me. 
Furthermore, that smug bastard keeps looking at me. He insists on watching me. It’s so irritating. Why can’t he stop taunting me? Why can’t he ignore me like he does everyone else after he screws them over? 
 Was it so horrible to admit I could totally have survived and been much happier without this week? The same one that my father and sister planned all on their own? My phone starting ringing and I broke out into a sweat. It had nothing to do with the sun’s vengeance as it beat down on me. Gen would arrive soon, and I could only pray she just called Mom. 
I smiled in relief at seeing the caller ID. It was only Ella, whom I was still a little peeved at. She spent the better half of my freshman year getting over that worm, Liam. Which gives me yet another reason to hate the slime ball. The second he flipping waggled his finger at her, she galloped back to him. That was the last time I came to Boston. Who does that?! 
“Hey, Ella,” I answered casually.
“Gem, I have to tell you something; and you have to convince me I’m crazy,” she blurted out in a rush. 
“Okay,” I drawled out, uneager for whatever nonsense she planned to spout. 
“I missed my period.” I didn’t reply; she knew what it meant when you missed your period. You were either super stressed, or pregnant. “I’m not pregnant?” she began, but couldn’t even convince herself. Ella was a little more open and eager than me when it came to sex, so that was definitely a possibility. 
“When was the last time you had…”
“When was the last time we went out?”
“Five weeks ago. I wanted to shop for my new apartment, and we went out with… Shut up!!!” I snapped when I realized exactly who the last person she slept with was. “No, please! Dear God! Please tell me you slept with someone else.” I got the heebie jeebies just thinking of Liam as a father.  No poor child could stand having the two of them for parents. 
“I’m going to the doctor this week. I already scheduled an appointment, and I bought a pregnancy test.”
“Have you told—”
“Gemma?” My mother called as she opened the screen door to our new house. My parents bought a house in the Hamptons years ago. We were originally from New York, but since Daddy wanted to spend the summer training Gen to eventually replace him, all the business operations were moved to Boston. Mom and I picked out a lovely house in Cape Cod to enjoy being without them for most of the week. 
“I gotta go, Ella. Keep me posted. Oh, and maybe you should give that ass-clown a heads up.” 
“I was afraid you might say that. Bye, girl,” she said, sounding defeated.
“Bye,” I said as I hung up my phone. “Yeah,” I grumbled, addressing my mother.  My mom motioned me toward the house. Turning off the soothing sounds of Backstreet Boys that started up when I ended my phone call, I obeyed her wishes.
“Gen called; they just got into Chatham. Come here and stop being rude.” I rolled my eyes. They weren’t even here yet and I was already being accused of impropriety. This would surely be a long week. Grabbing my cover-up on the way to the door, I threw it over my head just in time to hear the doors slamming. Let the fun begin. 
My mother wore her stylish maxi-dress. It made her look hip despite her age, which was late forties or early fifties, She always remained somewhat sketchy about her age.  I chose the dress, of course, and it still looked great on her. She was the source of Gen’s and my good looks. High cheekbones, olive complexions, lithe, and curvy, all those attributes were courtesy of our loving mom. 
She held the front door open by the circular driveway, waiting for the first round of invited guests. Admittedly, I secretly hoped that Colleen and Liam’s crazy hair might freak out my parents, but when I spotted Colleen, that was not the case. She was blonde. WTF? Okay, so she was a bleached blonde, but that was pretty normal compared to the colors I’d seen her hair during the last year. Colleen was a chameleon. To amp up her rock girl persona, she has donned pink, orange, purple, and green hair, just to name a few. I kinda wish I had the balls to do that, but I don’t. I wouldn’t be allowed to, even if I thought I could pull it off.
They were all coming this way, their bags in hand. My eyes momentarily fell onto Liam. The worse part about Liam Moore, besides being a womanizing manwhore, was the streak of blue hair in his spiked bangs that only made his already magnificently blue eyes seem electric. They looked unnatural. Who knows? Maybe they were contacts. I quickly panned my attention to my sister and her boyfriend of six months. They were the type of couple that made others jealous. Rhys was gorgeous, smart, and funny as hell. Gen, of course, was a knockout looking exactly like me, after all. The only difference was her hair, which she kept a natural brown, refusing to do anything with it. I hugged them and clung to Colleen, excited at last, to have another single girl to hang with. 
Colleen started telling me about her research of the Cape. She was a planner, okay? So what if she were overly adept in micromanagement? No one could ever stay mad at her. She was too cool. 
“Gemma, will you show everyone to their rooms? Kathleen and Bob just arrived too,” my mom added excitedly. Kathleen and Bob were the parents of Colleen, Rhys, and Liam. 
“Sure, follow me, children,” I said before heading up the stairs of the elaborate Cape Cod-style house. The four bedrooms on the second floor were basically all ours. There were also two more bedrooms downstairs that my mother reserved for adult guests. 
Pointing to a door on the far right, I said, “My room.” I pointed to the door next to it, and said, “Gen’s room.” Ditto for the next one, which I identified as, “Colleen’s room. Across from mine was a larger room with added bunkbeds just in case small children happened to visit. Perhaps, it was really a not-so-subtle hint from my mother that she expected grandbabies one day, however, I ignored such hints. I lacked “birthing hips” and had no desire to see how I would look if I did. Eff that! “And this is the boys’ room.” 
Liam finally opened his big mouth to argue, which brings up another thing I hate about Liam. His melodious voice resonated like a deep, stringed instrument, but possessed enough grit to sound manly at the same time. I despised that about him too. I can’t say I ever really liked anything that came out of his mouth. He had a unique way of grating on my nerves with just about anything he said.
“Shut it. My mom put you guys together to make sure Rhys doesn’t sneak off into Gen’s room at night.” Liam obediently shut up, but gave Rhys a wicked smile. 
I ignored him. “I’m going back to the pool; wanna come, Colleen?” I asked as she opened the door to her room and inspected it. Spinning around with her mouth agape, she took in the ornate details. My mother loved being able to decorate another house. She also loved spending money, almost as much as I. I must have inherited that fine skill from someone. 
“We have our own bathrooms?” she asked, astonished. 
“Yeah. Pool?” I tried again. 
“Hell, yeah! I need some color,” she replied excitedly before running to the bathroom to change. I didn’t bother reminding her she was a natural redhead and Irish, whose pale skin was covered in freckles. She would start to burn the second the sun warmed her pale skin. 
“Wait for me too,” Gen said, popping her head into Colleen’s room. 
“Sure thing.” 
After what seemed like ten hours later, Gen and Rhys waited with me in the hallway as Colleen emerged from her bathroom, wearing a bikini with skulls on it. I never expected anything less of her. That’s what kickass girl drummers in bands wear, right? Colleen and Liam were in MMRD, a band they formed with some of Liam and Rhys’s friends in high school. They had become a pretty big deal in Boston, as far as local bands went. Even I had to admit, despite having Liam as the lead singer, they weren’t half bad. Especially now, after Genevieve began expanding their audience. Like our dad, she has a super-critical eye for business opportunities. She already managed to triple their YouTube fans. I really have no idea how she does it. 
“Are we waiting?” I asked when I realized the main diva, also known as Liam, hadn’t made his appearance yet. 
Rhys rubbed his neck irritably. “Ugh, he’s on the phone; let’s go without him.” I shrugged, only too happy to avoid Liam Moore. Doubting it would last for too long, however, I had to appreciate it while I could.

 2: “Come Right Out and Say It” Relient K
Liam

“Just say it, Ella. I’m fucking busy,” I snapped. She was complaining how hard it was to reach me. Maybe I didn’t want her to reach me. Didn’t she get that?
“I missed my period.” 
“Whoa! Rewind. What the fuck did you say?” I asked, my heart plummeting to the floor in shock. 
“I missed my period, and to be sure, I took a pregnancy test. It’s positive.” I collapsed on the windowseat before letting that revelation sink into my thick skull. My chest was so tight, I had to wheeze to grasp even a tiny mouthful of air. Oh, my God! Was this the beginning of my demise? A heart attack at age twenty?
“It’s not mine,” I ground out.
“Li, you’re the only person I slept with during the last two months,” she admitted sadly. 
“We only hooked up that one time,” I whined while searching through the room. Would a paper bag be in the bathroom? I ran in there, and dug around, but found nothing. Wait a minute! I remembered it was Ella. This had to be another of her manipulative games. She was just trying to lock me down. There was no way her baby could be mine. No fucking way! I always use protection. 
“Five weeks ago,” she calculated. “Yeah, I’m well aware of the math; I’ve been doing that all day. Listen, I made a doctor’s appointment to confirm it at the end of the week, if you wanna go.” She sounded sad. I guess she should have been. She was only twenty and already pregnant. 
“I know you don’t think it’s yours, but if I have to get a paternity test, I will prove it to you when the baby’s born. I’m not going to insist that you remain with me! Let’s face it, you don’t have a monogamous bone in your body; but I would like you to be involved in our kid’s life.” Banging my head into the window, I collapsed on the floor of the bathroom. I finally began to process this mess. Fuck, what had I done?
“I can’t make the appointment this week, Ella, but I promise do right by this kid, if it’s mine.”
“That’s all I want,” she said softly. She sniffled like she was about to cry. 
“Listen, I gotta go. I’m supposed to be on vacation with my family,” I explained, losing the sharpness and accusatory tone that made my voice so harsh for most of our conversation.
“Yeah. Okay. Bye.”
“Keep me updated. I want to be there, you know, for it all.” 
She laughed, “I guess you must have a heart in that chest after all. I just assumed it was hollow.” I couldn’t even think of a snappy reply to that. 
“Bye, Ella,” I said as I hung up. I wanted to hit something. Not only would my family personally kick my ass if I ruined a single part of this trip, so would Gen and Gemma, and the line starts after them for all those others who were dying to dissect me. 
My mind instantly zeroed in on Gemma, who looked ready to kill me when I walked into the house earlier. Why the hell was she so angry? She was every bit as threatening as a Rottweiler, and ready to pounce on me if I moved too fast. Why was she mad at me? I should have been the one who was fucking mad. She dissed me. After sharing an epic night together, she basically shoved me out the door! Even after I stood up and defended her to her asshole dad. I didn’t even get a freaking thank you! Dude, I was starting to sound like a bitch. I needed to do something manly. 
I decided to join my siblings and the twins by the pool. Colleen and Gemma were stretched out and I couldn’t resist letting my eyes appreciatively roam over Gemma’s sun-kissed skin. Her small bikini was just the way I liked it: all tied in knots. Easy to take off for a quick romp. Even the bottom half had ties on each side. 
The girl screamed sex, which was why I had so much trouble staying away. I normally just bagged a girl once and proceeded on my merry way. Sometimes, I’d have enough fun to repeat it a few times; and that was exactly what Gemma deserved. I needed a few more rounds in the sack with her to prove it wasn’t a fluke, and she was actually that good. Then I could calmly walk away like I always did with every other girl. Only problem was: she wised up. She realized she could have done so much better than a one-night-stand with a manwhore. 
I debated getting into the pool with Rhys and Gen, but when I saw them kissing in a corner, that made my decision. I sat beside Gemma in another lounge chair. 
Gemma looked over at me sharply as I sat down, but didn’t say a word. I looked at the amazing view of Ryder’s Cove from the yard. Holy shit. I was finally beginning to realize how sickeningly rich Gemma and Genevieve LaFarve were.
My attention wandered to Colleen, who was rambling on about a bar she looked up and was dying to head to. Karaoke? I could get behind that. I was ready to butt into their conversation when Rhys hit me with an inflatable ball. What the bloody hell!? 
“Get in the water, asshole. We need to talk,” Rhys said solemnly. The expression he gave me meant it wasn’t up for discussion or argument. Yeah, although Rhys and I looked alike, he possessed a harshness in his eyes that always reminded me of our father. Our real father; the one we abandoned in Ireland. I still remember the look our dad always gave us when he was drunk. It looked a lot like what Rhys was currently giving me, only his eyes weren’t bloodshot. Rhys, however, wasn’t a bastard like our dad.  
I became a neurotic, basket case after all the shit that happened during our childhood. I was afraid of commitment, like deathly afraid. I was also afraid of having more than one beer. I never drank hard liquor, and if I could avoid alcohol altogether, I did. My addictive buzz always comes from being on stage, and seeing all the people who fucking worship me as I rock the shit out of their senses with our music.
Gen was playfully shooing me into the pool as she took my place beside her sister. 
I slid into the pool slowly, not ready to get bitched at by Rhys. He was annoyed that I kept getting booty calls on our big vacation. News flash, bro: the fucking world doesn’t stop just because you want to impress your girlfriend’s family. 
“What did she want?” he asked, masking his words by doing a backstroke toward the other end of the pool and away from the girls. 
“It was Ella.” He gave me a look that tacitly suggested I move the fuck on with the story. “Man, I fucked up.” Rhys cursed loudly, which made all the girls look up curiously. 
“Stubbed my toe,” he lied. 
“She thinks she’s pregnant.”
“And it’s yours?” he asked incredulously. My point exactly. 
“I don’t know. I want a paternity test, but I don’t want her to feel all alone while having to go through this.”
“Under all that sleaziness lies a good man. That’s the right thing to do.”
“Then why does it feel like I’m making the biggest fucking mistake of my life?” Rhys looked at Gen for a second, and then back at me. 
“Because you didn't do it right. You want to do it right, and fall in love, and get married, whether you admit it or not. I know you, Li.” 
“Yeah, that hasn’t happened yet. I guess I just need to get used to my new life as a baby daddy.” 
Rhys actually laughed despite how not funny the situation was. 
“Leave it to you to find humor in any predicament.” It wasn’t a joke; I was fucked, but Rhys didn’t get that.
“So you want to give me advice? Isn’t that why I’m here?”
“Keep it quiet. I mean, for all we know, it could be a false alarm. I don’t want to worry Mom until we know for sure.”
“What about Colleen?”
“Nah, Colleen is hot-headed. If Ella is just playing you, she will want to kick her ass from here to Ireland.” I nodded, knowing that is exactly what our baby sister would do. She’d instantly pull a Jerry Springer, and start removing her earrings and heels as soon as she spotted Ella. I laughed at the mental image he was painting. He was right. The three of us were close. Rhys and Colleen were still my first best friends, having always been there for me and vice versa. 
“I still can’t believe this! I swear, I used protection. I didn’t even want to screw her that night! I just wanted to fuck with…” I stopped before I finished the sentence. I never told Rhys about my rendezvous with Gemma. I had to take that shit to my grave. If I didn’t, I fully believed Gemma would saw off my dick in my sleep. I was quite fond of my equipment. It was my favorite appendage, so I named it. Mic got into a lot of trouble, but normally, it was only the good kind. Well, except for that one time when I thought I had crabs, and it turned out to be an ingrown hair. Thank God for small favors. 
“Care to finish that statement?” Rhys prodded with a knowing smile on his face. Smug bastard. 
“No, I was just trying to avoid Ella. The last time I hooked up with her, she got all cavewoman and started talking about how much she wanted a relationship. Do I look like I could survive a relationship?” Rhys shook his head, answering my question. Rhys and Colleen saw something in me that I failed to see. Despite all the confidence in my body, my music, and my performances, I had trouble believing I was good enough to deserve someone’s love. Hell, I don’t think I could tolerate having someone even attempt to challenge my defensive side. That’s what Ella tried to do, but she was unsuccessful. Even if she were really pregnant, I couldn’t picture myself having a relationship with her. 
“Dude, you think you can’t handle a relationship, but I know you can. You just need to find the right person, one that pushes back. She’s out there. When you meet her, you’ll know. I knew right away with Gen. You’ll know, man.
I already knew what he meant. Boy, did I know.

3: “Living On A Prayer” Bon Jovi
Gemma

Dinner was properly quiet like all dinners with adults are. Kathleen was so cool. She cursed and had a thick Irish accent despite the decade since she first arrived in the states. Bob or Two, as Rhys and his siblings called him, turned out to be her second husband. They had only been married for five years. The Moore siblings actually cleaned up quite well. Rhys was always the least eccentric of his siblings. Liam and Colleen got along well. Colleen wore a cute dress that was very much in contrast to her drummer persona. It was sweet and unique, just like the real Colleen. Even though it pained me to admit, Liam looked quite enticing. His hair wasn’t all spiked up like it normally was. He left it hanging free, and although it fell into his eyes, it also hid most of the blue in his hair. Only a small bit near his left eye was still visible. Even though I loathed admitting it, he looked damned good in his preppy polo that hugged his biceps perfectly. I hated myself a little more whenever I noticed something attractive about Liam. 
He gave me a curious look when he caught me watching him. I quickly turned to talk to someone else before he said something. 
Ella called while we were getting ready. She told me the test was positive and said she talked to Liam. She cried when she said he couldn’t make the doctor appointment with her this week after first informing her that the baby wasn’t his. It took every muscle in my body not to run across the hall and hit him until he accepted responsibility and care for his kid. My already low opinion of him managed to drop even further, to epic depths. 
Colleen eventually convinced us to check out a bar called Sailor’s Delight. She heard they featured karaoke three times a week. None of us had a fighting chance of getting out of it. I grabbed a pair of wedges to dress up my shorts and top. Going downstairs, I wanted to have a snack before we started drinking. Liam was already downstairs. My father hadn’t arrived yet. He wasn’t coming until later that week. So my mom was playing third wheel as she gave Kathleen and Bob a tour of Skaket Beach, a place where you could walk for miles during low tide. It also needs to be mentioned that sunsets were really perfect there. 
“Looks like you’re ready to sing your pretty, little heart out.” I didn’t say anything as I walked past Liam and into the kitchen. I opened the fridge to find some celery and veggie dip. 
“You know, when someone is talking to you, you’re supposed to reply. It’s called polite conversation,” he scolded me, his eyes blazing more now that his hair was spiked up in it’s usual faux hawk style.
“Water?” I replied. 
“Thanks,” he grumbled, still glaring at me. “I don’t get why you won’t even say one word to me. I thought we agreed…” His sentence abruptly ended when he heard everyone coming down the stairs. I took a bite of my celery, but quickly lost my appetite. Rule one: it never happened. Why would he bring up what we specifically agreed not to ever discuss?
“Ready?” Colleen squealed excitedly, and I was only too happy for the distraction. Gen drove and handed her car keys to Liam when we got there. Why would she give them to Liam? I was ready to tell her she was off her rocker, when Colleen dragged me to the karaoke DJ. 
“We’re doing a song.” I looked around the crowded bar and saw mostly locals and a few college age kids with jobs on the Cape for the summer. What the hell? I would never see any of these people again. 
Liam and Rhys beat us to the punch, cutting right in front of us. 
“’Living On A Prayer,’ Bon Jovi.” 
Colleen huffed in exasperation. “Can’t you guys find a new song just once?”
“No song is as memorable as a Bon Jovi song,” Liam mocked. His sister just shook her head. It was a losing battle, and one she probably lost several times, judging by her exasperated sigh.
They left, and we inspected the music books. Too many music books.
“What do you like to sing? Classics? Pop? Rock?”
“Boy bands?” I answered. I tend to have a one-track mind when it comes to music. The look she gave me confirmed I was being vetoed. “How about Selena Gomez?” I said, trying to find someone else I liked. 
“I wanna rap.”
“What?” I asked, confused.
“Fancy?”
“No,” I said automatically. Her blue eyes pleaded with me before she gave up and started sifting through the book again. 
“Wait,” I said while stopping her from turning the page. “That one. I know it, and there is a Cher Lloyd bit you can rap.” Colleen beamed. 
“Deal!” she said before telling the DJ what we wanted. Excitement zinged through me. I hadn’t sung since show choir and silly musicals from high school. I knew I’d be rusty, but it was all in good fun.
She walked with me to the bar and we ordered drinks. As I marched back to the table, I was already sensing a little too much vodka with my Sprite than Sprite. 
I talked to Gen, trying to convince her to sing with us, but she adamantly refused. She was too self-conscious and hated her singing voice. She wasn’t bad, at least, not in my opinion, but then again, I didn’t think I was half bad either. I knew I couldn’t rock out in concert like Liam or Rhys, but I could hold a note. 
The boys were called up and we all made cat-calls as they approached the stage. Rhys and Liam didn’t even need a screen; they knew the words by heart. Colleen couldn’t understand their obsession with that song, the same song that started MMRD. Uproarious applause greeted them when the song ended. A pair of skanky women even had the nerve to wait for them as they hopped off the stage. Liam was all ears as he led one girl back to our table like the little tramp he was. I finished my drink and waved down the waitress for another. Rhys, being a good guy, raised his hands and stepped back, pointing to Gen. That was so adorable; he was such a good boyfriend. 
I wanted to have that one day. I wanted a guy who didn’t need anyone, but me. Was that too much to ask for? Didn’t everyone deserve it? So why did I always end up with guys like Liam? Rhys came back, but not before giving Gen a kiss on the cheek. She smiled, and again, it hit me when they looked at each other with so much love in their eyes. What if I never found that? 
My thoughts really shifted after hooking up with Liam. It was a mistake of the worse kind. Not only because Dad never let me live it down, but it made me realize that sex wasn’t love. Watching Rhys and Gen showed me something I wanted and never had. I ended my drunken escapades. Yes, I still went out, but no one came home with me anymore. I learned my lesson. After Liam, I had enough regret to last a whole lifetime. 
Liam’s bimbo sat on his lap, and he twirled a piece of her blonde hair in his hands around his finger as he listened politely to whatever nonsense she was spouting. I watched for a few seconds before polishing off another drink. 
“I need a drink,” I chirped as I left my stool before anyone could join me. 
I felt Liam’s eyes on me the entire time. Why didn’t he just go away? Why was he everywhere I looked? Didn’t I deserve a single moment of peace before he demonstrated that he could have any girl he wanted? Whoa! Why was that bothering me?
I tried to wave down the bartender, but to no avail. Just when I was ready to give up. I heard him. 
“Maybe you should stop while you’re still ahead,” Liam suggested from behind me. He was pressed up close to my back and I could feel his breath tickling my neck. Every drop of alcohol in my system seemed to instantly dissipate and I felt completely sober. 
“Oh, I’m just getting started,” I retorted. “Don’t you have a floozy you should be attending to?” I quipped as I turned to face him. Why the hell did he have to be so goddamned good looking? And why was he so close? It was so hard to stay mad at him. He just watched me, patiently waiting for me to stop my verbal attacks on him. He seemed to have gotten used to it during the last couple of months. It’s how we kept our distance. We deliberately ignored each other, and if one of us had a lapse in judgment, we’d fight until we remembered the reasons why we were such a bad idea. 
“I’m just saying, Gemma. You don’t have to get drunk.” 
“Isn’t that like your fiftieth beer?” I challenged him. 
“No, it’s my first. Contrary to what you may think about me, I’m not a drinker.” The bartender finally arrived and Liam ordered two waters. The bartender placed the water glasses on the table. Liam took one and handed me the other. 
“Can I get another vodka and Sprite?” I called to the bartender before he walked off. 
I got up and left Liam with his two waters. Who did he think he was to try and cut me off? The nerve!
When I returned to the table, I saw that familiar expression between Gen and Rhys. I swear, sometimes I found the two of them trying to play matchmaker. Didn’t they realize Liam was incapable of maintaining a relationship? Didn’t they realize we were from different planets? Didn’t they realize we’d kill each other before anything could ever happen between us again?

 4: “Really Don’t Care” Demi Lovato
Liam

How the hell could that woman drive me up a fucking wall so fast? I sipped my water. Why the hell does she think she knows me?
“Gemma, that’s us,” Colleen said as she started pulling a buzzed Gemma onto the karaoke stage. 
“You look like you’re ready to kill someone,” Gen commented while the girls received their instructions on stage. 
“Yeah, your sister,” I countered, still very much pissed. 
“She’s tipsy,” she replied. 
“She’s a bitch.” 
“Liam!” Rhys admonished. “Watch it. That’s Gen’s sister.”
“Sorry, Gen,” I offered weakly as I returned my attention to the stage. Gemma started singing, and her eyes remained on me the entire time.
You wanna play, you wanna stay, you wanna have it all
You started messing with my head until I hit a wall
Maybe I should've known, maybe I should've known
That you would walk, you would walk out the door, hey!
Shit, the girl was actually good, even if the lyrics seemed to be directed at me. Colleen joined the chorus with her and I couldn’t help laughing when they started giggling mid song. Colleen started a little rapping bit, and I shook my head, noting Coll’s signature karaoke move. If she had her way, the only thing she’d sing would be Sir Mix a Lot’s “I like Big Butts.” My sister was an anomaly, and I had no idea where she got her rapping chops.
Leaving the stage, they were laughing and waving to men who suddenly became a lot more interested. I just hoped they would back the hell up before I had to kick someone’s ass.
Gemma and Colleen were still giggling as they debated what their encore performance would be. The guys were still there, flirting and talking to them. Usually, it pissed me off when Colleen was being hit on like she was just a regular girl. No, she was my sister. She was not like any of the girls I hooked up with. Guys weren’t allowed to look at her that way without me threatening their manhood.
The girls made their way back to our table accompanied by their new “friends.” Gemma frowned as she saw me glaring at their companions.
“Bar?” she asked the ugly guy that was hanging all over her. 
“Gemma, I really think you’ve had enough,” I interrupted, taking her hand before she walked off with that asswipe. Her almond-colored eyes glanced at me before dropping to our joined hands and she snatched her hand away. 
“Can’t you find some slut so you can leave me the hell alone already?” she snapped. Colleen gasped as Gen stared at her, completely stunned. 
“Gemma!” Gen warned. “Liam was just trying to help.” 
“Gen, it’s not your fault that she’s off her nut,” I started. 
Gemma was right in my face and fuming. “You are such a bastard,” she hissed spitefully. The guys that followed Colleen and Gem were starting to back away from the table. 
“You’ve had a lot to drink,” I tried again. She walked off alone, heading towards the bathrooms. “Was I being an ass?” I asked the table. 
“I just don’t get why she’s so angry,” Gen asked as she stood up, adding, “I’m going to talk to her. 
“No, I got this. Go get the car. Even if I have to carry her out, I will,” I said before leaving to follow that crazy girl. That crazy girl that drove me up the wall every chance she got. Gen nodded and took back her car keys. 
Making my way to the bathroom, I was ready to knock on the single, unisex bathroom door, or barge in before carrying her out caveman style, but to my surprise, I found Gemma in the hall, crying. Fucking crying! Why the fuck… fuck… fuck… did it have to be tears?
“Leave me alone! Haven’t you done enough?” she snapped with streams of tears running down her pretty face. Her light brown eyes glowed like warm honey.
“I didn’t mean to be a jerk,” I said, stepping closer. When she didn’t fight me, I touched one of her soggy cheeks. “Why are you crying?” 
That just made her cry more. “I just hate you so much!” she sobbed. Isn’t that what every man wants to hear? She feebly hit my chest. 
“Why do you keep watching me? Why can’t you just leave me alone? I just want to forget you and everything about you.” She said the last part sadly. What, exactly, did she want to forget? Perhaps, this girl really did have a screw loose. She made no fucking sense. I felt like pulling out my own damn hair.
“Tell you what… tell me what I’m doing wrong, and I’ll fix it.” 
“Take out the contacts.” I couldn’t help but laugh. “That’s not funny,” she said, hitting my chest with her fists again, using a little more force.
“But they’re just my eyes. No contacts, mentaller. I’m sorry, but I can’t fix that.” I could barely get it out without laughing at her. That must have been the most absurd request I’ve ever received. I’ve gotten some wacky ones too. One girl came on my stage and begged me to sing a One Direction song once. She said I reminded her of one of the band members. The ironic part? The band member I reminded her of was Liam. I only wish I could make this insane shit up. 
“What else?” I don’t know why I kept trying to appease her. There seemed to be no satisfying Gemma, outside of the bedroom.
“Don’t bring it up. It never happened.” 
“You mean?” She nodded and shushed me all at once. “Right, can I help you to the car?” She rolled her eyes, looking like a rambunctious twelve-year-old. 
“If you must,” she said, wiping away the last of her tears. The others waited in the car for us. Rhys was at the wheel, and Gen was fighting to keep her eyes open. 
I got into the car first, and pulled Gemma in.
“All better?” Gen chirped amicably.
“As good as we ever are,” I replied. Gemma sat beside me and immediately started fiddling with her phone. She leaned forward to whisper something to Gen. Colleen yawned as she rested her head on my shoulder. 
“Aw, Gem. Really?” Genevieve complained. 
Gemma gave her the most pitiful look she could muster as she plugged in her phone. Rhys groaned while I just watched, utterly confused, until the music started. Gemma rested her head on my other shoulder. I was gradually driven mad by the songs of the Backstreet Boys. 
Our arrival could not come soon enough. Gen ripped the phone off the plug and threw it into her sleeping sister’s lap. 
“I’m kinda trapped; a little help, Rhys?” I complained. Neither girl budged awake. Rhys opened Colleen’s door and swept her up in his arms. I shuffled a bit, still holding Gemma, until I could get out of the car. I carefully cradled her sleeping body in my arms. 
Again, she didn’t even budge. We opened the door quietly and tried to sneak in without waking our parents. Thankfully, Gemma’s room was the first, and nearest the stairs. Gen opened the door for me before she headed into her own room. 
Laying Gemma down on her bed was the ultimate test of my self-control. I politely slid off her summery sandals, and pulled the covers over her.
 She finally moved after I tucked her in. Her eyes scrunched up as her pupils slowly adjusted to the bright lights. 
“I’m sorry, Liam,” she mumbled. “You deserve another chance.” I wanted to ask what the hell that meant, but I knew she was drunk and half-asleep. It was probably a dream. However, I was smiling like an idiot since I got the distinct impression that Gemma was dreaming about me! I knew I was that fucking memorable! 
Being as gentlemanly as I’ve ever been in probably my entire life, I turned off the lights to her room and quietly closed the door. Talk about self-control! I did not proposition her, and I felt sure she hated me a little less after our heart-to-heart. Yup, I’m calling it. Mic is gonna shrivel up and turn inside out, becoming a vagina, if I keep this shit up. 
Walking into my own bedroom, I noticed the room was emptier than usual. My sentry duty of making Rhys keep it in his pants would not eventuate, apparently. What did I really expect? We had our own floor, and Gemma and Colleen were sleeping like the proverbial dead. Stripping down, I got into bed, and tried to focus on something positive from this week. Since most of it had become a shit show, I could only hope to find a silver lining. 
I guess it was a good thing I was even invited. When Gen’s dad first came over, I swore he recognized me. I was the guy he argued with in Gemma’s room about banging his daughter. He kept watching me, and trying to place me, but he never did. Maybe I should be thankful for that small favor. Had he remembered me, it would have been as ugly as the first day we met. 

Five Months Before…
“Gemma,” I groaned as the banging got louder. There was no way I was hung over; and what was that fucking sound? “Gemma” I called again. She turned over lazily. She had a perfectly satisfied look on her face as her eyes beheld me. Then the banging started again. She shot up in her bed, temporarily forgetting the covers and allowing me one more look at her rocking body. 
“Shit! Liam, get dressed! That could be Gen. Maybe she lost her keys.” I turned over, long beyond caring anymore. Last night was amazing! Fuck Gen! I wanted to get really acquainted with Gemma in this room some more. I hadn’t even gotten any morning sex. This was definitely not over yet. 
Pulling on her robe, Gemma threw my boxers and clothing at me, smacking me right in the face. She quietly snuck over to the peephole. A string of profanities flew from her mouth when she realized who was really on the other side of the door. 
While I slid my shirt over my head, she opened the door. 
“Hi, Daddy,” Gemma said sweetly, but he looked murderous. 
“Where’s Genevieve?” he demanded before slamming her door shut. As he looked around the room, his eyes narrowed on me. 
“Gemma, who the hell is this?”  He yelled a little too close to Gemma for my liking. 
Gemma stood frozen in place beside the door, her eyes riveted to the floor. 
I walked over to him and stuck out my hand. Ma sure taught me manners. “Nice to meet you, sir; I’m Li—”
“Gemma, why the hell is this blue-haired freak in your room?” he interrupted, turning his fury on the only LaFarve he could find. Wait! Did he just call me a blue-haired freak?
“With all due respect—” I started, but he cut me the fuck off again.
“I don’t want to hear anything out of your mouth. How about you leave now!” he growled while Gemma remained frozen and wide-eyed as if a pin dropping could have made her cry. 
“No way. Your daughter is scared. I’m not leaving her with you,” I replied defiantly before joining Gemma. I had to figure out what the hell was going on here. 
“Just leave,” she said as hot tears began filling her eyes. “You’re only making it worse,” she added. 
“No, this guy can’t yell at you like that. Dad or not! He needs to respect you as an adult! You’re not some small child he can take his frustrations and anger out on,” I railed, challenging her father. I was waiting for him to cut me off again. He glowered, and the lines on his forehead deepened as he watched my interactions with his daughter. 
“Gemma, please ask your guest to leave so we can talk,” he said, sounding a lot calmer than he appeared. 
“Please leave,” she whispered to me. 
“Gem.” I tried. “Just—”
“Go,” she said, opening the door for me. 

5: “Quit Playing Games” Backstreet Boys
Gemma

Geez, someone needed to put me out of my misery. Who let me drink so much? As soon as I thought that, I realized instantly why I drank too much. Liam. 
He even asked me to stop; but me, being stubborn, little, ol’ me, I had to do the complete opposite of what he asked and get shit-faced. Throwing my pillow over my head, I tried to block out the sunlight. Overdrinking was the worst revenge scheme ever conceived. I knew I’d be feeling it for days. He would surely have the last laugh on this one.
“Wake up, sleepy head,” Genevieve chimed. I felt the familiar slump when she sat on my bed beside me. 
“Go away,” I grumbled from beneath my pillow. She pried away the pillow just like she always did. Gen was not a fan of me lying in bed, hung over, not ever. 
“We have plans,” she announced way too loudly. 
“Have mercy on me,” I begged, needing to hide until next week. I’d have to face him again, and that thought preceded the urge to vomit all of a sudden. I sat up, taking deep lungfuls of air, hoping to push the nausea away.
“Who told you to drink so much?” she quipped as she stood up and closed my bedroom door. Oh, hell! We were going to have a heart-to-heart… maybe if I barfed, she’d leave. Genevieve was one of those people that rarely admitted how she felt; but when she did, it came out as a well-rehearsed, long-winded speech. I loved her for that. Just when I thought she didn’t care, she’d give me one of her special speeches, thereby ending all my misconceptions. Right now, however, the problem was: I didn’t need one of those speeches. Not when I was about to rip out my own eyes, seeking some small relief from this tortuous headache. 
“I did,” I groaned, my voice sounding hoarse like I screamed or cried too much lately.
“What got into you last night?” she replied, ignoring what I said. “You were fine. Then you started drinking some more after the boys sang.” She gave me a pointed look. I knew she had an inkling of why I drank so much, but hell would have to freeze over before I admitted that to her. I clamped a hand over my mouth, pretending to feel sick, but Gen just rolled her eyes, not believing me for a second. Crap, maybe I need to retire that move. 
“I wanted to have more fun, and I worried I might chicken out of karaoke.” Another pointed look. 
“Okay, I thought maybe it had something to do with Liam hanging with that bimbo, or him being nice to you.” She stared hard, trying to read my thoughts, I suppose.
Rolling my eyes, I said, “Contrary to Liam’s enormous ego, not everything is about him.” I huffed irritably.
“Gemma, he was trying. Why can’t you try a little?” she asked more gently. 
“So this isn’t about why I got drunk? It’s because you want me to be nicer to your boyfriend’s little brother?” I scoffed, feeling frustrated. Not only was Gen’s voice grating on my sore head, but thoughts of Liam were urging me to have a drink already! Was it even noon yet? “What do you want, Gen?” 
“Please be nice. Give him a chance. I think you guys have more in common than you like to think.” I collapsed back onto my bed. 
“I’m not saying you guys should start a relationship or anything. I know Liam, believe me. Just try being friends.”
“People like Liam don’t have friends of the opposite sex,” I countered. “It’s strictly for a reason.”
“Don’t you remember how nice he was to you last night?” she asked. I did; well, at least, bits of it. He tried to make me stop drinking. And didn’t let me wander off with that guy; but I also had the distinct impression that he was why I had a good cry. 
“For everyone else, I will try, but I just hate the guy. That doesn’t change.”
“That’s all I ask,” Gen said, standing up and leaving my room just like that. Shaking my head, I slowly made the long journey to my bathroom. Maybe a hot shower could make me feel normal again? I tried to remember the rest of the night. I recalled singing and then it went all fuzzy. I couldn’t even remember how I got so bad. Okay, maybe I could admit Gen was right. I needed to lay off the booze. 
After I no longer looked like I an extra on The Walking Dead, I made my way downstairs. I needed some relaxing pool time to mentally prepare myself for whatever plans Gen and Colleen had concocted to torture me. 
Unfortunately for me, any semblance of peace vanished with Liam’s arrival. My mother and Kathleen were happily making breakfast as everyone else invaded my pool. They were all laughing and enjoying a pretty intense volleyball game. I sat in my lounge chair before placing my big sunglasses on. They were my hangover sunglasses; they wrapped around my face and blocked out almost all light, shielding my sensitive eyes.
I wanted to just doze off and forget that I was living in hell, at least, for the foreseeable future.
My mother announced breakfast and I felt someone hovering over me. I opened my eyes to see Liam. His wide smile blinded me more than the sun. 
“Morning, princess, I thought you were out cold?” 
“Trying to take advantage again?” I snapped. Retract your claws, Gemma.
“Breakfast?” he asked, ignoring my rude comment. I knew he heard me, though, when his smile ceased. 
“Yeah, I was just planning on heading over there,” I answered softly. 
“How you doing?” he inquired. The cautious look he gave me as I moved from the comfort of my seat almost made me believe he was actually worried about me. Then my logic returned. It was Liam. The only thing he worried about was the next girl to occupy his bed. 
“Oh, you mean, besides the terrible headache?” 
“Yeah,” he said, flashing me that damn smile again.
“Fine,” I grumbled.
“Good,” he replied, walking away without another word. I watched him go into the house ahead of me. Why did that bother me more than him being a jerk? Why did I even bother to read into anything he did? He made my friend pregnant. Nothing could ever happen between Liam and me, no matter how crazy he drove me. That ship sailed the last time he hooked up with Ella. 
Walking inside, I made the expert decision to sit between Colleen and Gen, forcing Rhys beside his brother. Breakfast was easier with everyone present. Talk about karaoke and plans for the day took up most of the conversation. As I suspected, Colleen had big plans for jet skiing and a beach day. Personally, that sounded perfect. I could lie motionless in the sand, and they could jet ski. It seemed like the perfect way to deal with my hangover. 
I helped my mother clean up breakfast as she pleasantly inquired about our night out. Limiting any information to the minimum, which I always did with my parents, I only divulged how fun karaoke was. She didn’t need to know about my drinking, or how every time she turned on the faucet water, the dull ache behind my eyes intensified. After giving the appropriate compliments to the Moores as well, I left her when I heard everyone getting ready to go. 
“So you think you can handle moving the trailer? Normally Gemma handles it.” Gen was addressing the boys as she stood in front of the third garage door that housed our jet skis. 
“It can’t be that bad,” Liam replied. He waited for Genevieve to open the door. When she did, Rhys and Liam looked at each other, debating how to accomplish the task. Me, being the summer person, I became a pro at using minimal effort when hooking the trailer onto Gen’s trailer hitch. I didn’t mention that, however; this was too fun to miss. 
Colleen stopped beside me. “How much do you wanna bet they can’t do it?” 
“I’m on the same page.” She laughed as we watched the guys trying to move the trailer even an inch. The SUV was still a good ten feet away. Gen was trying to suppress her laughter, but failing. Liam spun out a string of expletives, and Rhys looked so red in the face, I thought he’d pass out. “Boys,” I complained to Colleen. “Gen, throw me your keys.” 
She tossed them to me, still watching the guys work, and barely suppressing her laughter. Meanwhile, they continued to huff and puff with the burdensome weight.
Jumping into the car, I reversed it until I was right beside the boys. Liam lifted the tongue of the trailer up and slid it onto the trailer hitch. “Easy?” I asked and they both looked at the car like it just magically appeared out of thin air. 
“Gemma usually hitches up the trailer. I told you guys to wait,” Genevieve explained, openly laughing now that they both made fools and asses out of themselves. “You driving, Gem?” Gen asked as she slid into the backseat of her car. 
“Sure.” I smiled, hopping back into the driver’s side. 
After everyone else climbed in, we drove to the closest beach that allowed jet skis. 
It was the middle of the week, so the beach was empty, and we had no trouble getting the jet skis into the water. No creepy onlookers, no cocky, rich guys, trying to buy an hour on our jet skis. No one else at all, just us. That was exactly how I liked it. After starting up the second one for Colleen and Liam, I found a cozy spot on the beach for my nap. It was perfect. 
Flipping over to tan my back, I looked up to find Liam sitting beside me. Couldn’t the guy leave me alone even once?
“Want a turn?” he huffed, sounding out of breath.
“I’m good. I’ve done it many times before.” 
“You could ride with Colleen, if you don’t want to go with me.” A devious smile appeared on his face. “I know how much you love holding on to me.”  I pushed a handful of sand at him. 
“Go away.” 
“Am I lying?” He laughed. No, he wasn’t lying. I had a thing for motorcycles and yes, their owners, too. Liam’s bike was no exception. “This could be a nice trip down memory lane,” he joked. 
I shook my head. 
“Jet skiing, I’ll drive.” A dark eyebrow shot up as his smile widened. 
“Really?” 
“Liam, can’t you find someone else to annoy?” His smile fell again. 
“I thought we were going to try to be friends,” he retorted sharply. I gave him a look. “Last night you said you were sorry and would be nicer. I’m trying, why aren’t you?”
Well, that was news to me! Why the hell would I say that?

 6: “Gives You Hell” The All American Rejects
Liam

This woman would make me rip my hair out of my head in clumpfuls! I was trying my hardest to be nice and all she did was push me to the limit. She pushed reactionary buttons in me that I didn’t even know existed. Anything that might have upset me instantly became a target; and Gemma zeroed in on weakness like a missile, set to destroy.  She was right; and I needed to get away from her. Shifting in the car, I took out my vibrating phone. It was Ella again. I talked to her this morning, and she had nothing new to say then. Why would now be any different? Naturally, I ignored the call.
I needed a break from women, in general. They were all fucking crazy. Rhys took a sharp turn too fast in Gen’s car and I had to latch onto the back of the passenger seat. We were going back to that sleazy bar after Colleen insisted it was the most hopping place on the Cape. I almost stayed at the house, until I realized I’d be stuck with the parents. Not happening in my lifetime! So here I was, stuck in the backseat with Colleen, and a very grumpy Gemma. She was extra nasty today; maybe it was the hangover. After all that drinking last night, I knew she had to be dying inside. A slow, painful, miserable death. She glared at me when I smiled at the thought. 
Rhys parked and I got out quickly before Gemma slid out in those white shorts that barely covered her ass. She also wore a neon orange top that made her look like a sun-kissed goddess. Whoa! When the fuck did I start saying shit like that? Mic! Are you still alive down there?
Gemma walked in with Colleen on her arm as they discussed their karaoke options. 
It was different tonight. The place still looked like a dive bar, but there were a ton of people. Karaoke hadn’t started yet so everyone was dancing to live music, which made me miss my band. I hated listening to live music that wasn’t MMRD. It felt wrong, and a discomfort settled on me like a blanket. The irresistible itch to be on stage accentuated my discomfort. I followed the girls to an empty table and they put an order in. I smiled as I listened. Gemma ordered waters for the entire table. Had she learned her lesson? 
“I’ll have a Sprite and vodka, Coll?”
I jinxed it. 
“Same. Li?” Colleen said, turning to me.
“Water’s fine.” 
“Sure thing, sugar,” the waitress said with a heavy, European accent. She sashayed past me, making sure I would not fail to notice the sway of her hips. Oh, I did, as well as the matching glares from Colleen and Gemma, which meant they saw me noticing her. Had it become a fucking crime to even look now?
“Is there anywhere we can go where women don’t throw themselves at you?” Colleen joked. 
“They’re pretty good,” Gemma replied, completely ignoring what Colleen said as she focused her attention on the band. I looked around, hoping to see Gen and Rhys, but they were already on the dance floor, like always, and completely engrossed in each other.  Fucking nauseating!
“Not as good as MMRD,” I countered. The girls both laughed as the waitress returned with our drinks. She placed my drink down on top of a napkin where she’d written her number. Damn! I didn’t even try for that one. Coll just shook her head, exasperated with me. 
“I can’t wait for the day when you’re as whipped as Rhys! Maybe then, this won’t happen anymore.” Gemma laughed, transporting me back again. Every time she laughed like that, it reminded me of the first time I heard it. It could never become tiresome either. She laughed with everything she had. It never ceased to capture my interest, and possibly, my heart. It always brought Mic to life, too, and tonight was no exception. Didn’t matter that she drove me up a wall most of the time. She laughed and all was forgiven.
“That’ll be the day! Liam Moore in a relationship. That will be the day the world ends.” Well, that stopped my wandering mind.
“It will happen,” I argued, not liking what Gemma seemed to be insinuating. 
“You know, you have to be monogamous in a relationship. Sleeping with all the groupies is definitely forbidden,” she countered, looking more like her bitchy self.
“I know what a relationship entails. I’m perfectly capable of it—”
Then, it was Colleen’s turn to laugh. “What? You want that now?” she asked incredulously. Damn! Couldn’t Colleen shut up for one minute?
Gemma just smiled knowingly. Sighing, I pushed through the crowd, hoping to find someone to dance with and forget about her. I shouldn’t have allowed Gemma to get under my skin, but she did. I liked her company without all the facade. The night we had together was so different for me. It was a turning point. I realized then I wanted more. I never wanted more just for the sake of it. Yes, I slept with some girls more than once, but that was sheerly out of convenience. Not like Gemma. I craved Gemma. After only being around her for two days, I was ready to murder her, or slam her against a wall and have my way with her. No one fucked with me the way she did. She just seemed to know what to say to make me lose it. So when Rhys told me I’d know when it was my turn to fall. I knew because Gemma played me like I was her personal toy. No matter what we did the air seemed to sizzle around us. Despite the fights, frustration, and miscommunication, there always seemed to be this electrical current blazing between us.
I just couldn’t get over the games she played with me. They messed with my head for weeks. 
I saw a pretty girl with blonde hair at the bar. “Wanna dance?” She turned around, slowly surveying me, and I did the same. Long legs, short shorts, blonde hair; she would do. 
“Sure.” She smiled as she followed me onto the floor. I danced and learned a little about Heaven, a local girl, she was single, and up for anything, even a hook-up in the bathroom! I debated whether or not to take her up on that, knowing it would piss Gemma off to no end if she saw me disappear with this girl. I stopped myself as soon as that thought crossed my mind. I couldn’t sleep with her to make Gemma jealous. I never did shit like that. What was wrong with me?
“I’m gonna check on my friends. Thanks for the dance,” I whispered in her ear as I kissed her cheek. She nodded, visibly disappointed, and I made my way back to the table, instantly forgetting all about her. Gemma sat at the table alone. 
“Where’s Colleen?” Gemma pointed to a tall guy dancing with my baby sister. I was planning to break it up until Gemma grabbed my arm. She was touching me and this time, it wasn’t a punch. I pointedly stared at her hand holding me. She dropped it. 
“Let her have some fun. She’s an adult.” I was prepared to argue, but she was right, for once. Colleen needed to be her own person. How long had Colleen and Gen been trying to driving that point home for me? “What happened to your life-size Barbie?” I noticed the sour purse of her lips as she said that. Maybe Gemma wasn’t as covert as she thought she was. She was showing the telltale signs of jealousy. 
“I had my fill.” 
She took a sip of water and I gave her a direct look.
“I’ve had mine, too,” she replied defensively. My eyes may have lingered on her lips a little too long. Gemma smiled. “So… you going to stand here with me?” Her voice ended high, as in a question. 
“If you don’t mind.” She bit her lip in a seductive way that pulled me back to the hesitation in her eyes when I first propositioned her. Man, when familiar expressions ignite old feelings, they hit pretty hard. 
“Gemma? Distract me,” I groaned, and she gave me a curious look.
“What does that even mean?” she snapped, revealing the old Gemma. I leaned closer and began feeling her smooth legs. Her eyes widened. 
“I need you to distract me from slamming you against a wall and having my way with you in front of all these people. Those almond eyes of hers just widened in shock. 
“But… I…” I took her hand in mine, and she didn’t say anything, for once. She had no snappy reply to cut me down. I pulled her into the hallway where the bathrooms were located. It was a one-stall affair. Pushing her inside, I slammed her against the door. I couldn’t even think straight. What did she do to make me drag her in here? What happened to my self-control? You never had any.
“Liam, this is—” I covered her mouth with mine, effectively shutting her up. A soft moan escaped before her hands found their way around my back. Everything just flooded back to me all at once. The luscious taste of strawberries, which I would forever associate with Gemma’s lips, made my head spiral out of control. Her legs were wrapped around my waist and we were lost. At least, I was. We moved against each prolonging our torture. Her frenzied touch slid under my shirt. Yes, repeat that is what we need to move on. That all ended when someone started to bang on the bathroom door, effectively ruining the mood. Gemma looked at me, a myriad of emotions crossing over her face. 
She shook her head and slid her legs down mine in a movement that made me groan in frustration. “This was a mistake,” she said before bolting out of the bathroom. I was still dazed… and confused, or else I would have followed her. I would have begged her to change her mind. I wanted her and knew she wanted me too.
The guy banging on the door smiled at me, saying, “Nice job, man.” I ignored him as I walked back into the crowded bar. Gemma was with Colleen, talking. I stopped at the bar, feeling all out of sorts. I never felt so antsy or disoriented except when I finished a set with the band. After ten minutes, I figured I’d be good again. 
I made my way to Colleen and Gemma. The topic was unknown, but Gemma stopped talking when she saw me. Coll turned and rolled her eyes. 
“God, did that girl you were dancing with not give it up like she promised?” Colleen joked. 
“Something like that.” I smiled, actually relieved she didn’t know anything about Gem and me. We started talking and Gem seemed to warm back up. I knew she was still hesitant, but it felt nice for once not to be called names or get dissed. Maybe she felt as sexually frustrated as I did.

 7: “Tearin’ Up My Heart” NSYNC
Gemma

I finally felt like I could forget that horrible night, and then, he goes and kisses me to insanity! I could never forget how hot and sensual it was. Hell, I’m not ashamed to admit that was the best kiss of my life, but there were problems. Problems by the boat loads. Ella. Liam. Their baby. Gen and Rhys. I wanted to make it a mistake and curtly dismiss it from my thoughts, but I just couldn’t. Could it have been the best kiss of my life if it weren’t right in some way? If the idea of Liam and I were such a cosmic nightmare, how did we end up in situations like tonight? 
That was what I thought about instead of sleeping. I was going out of my mind. I sat up, thinking maybe if I found the right position, my brain would shut out all thoughts of Liam. 
A knock sounded on my door before Liam walked in innocently. He was wearing basketball shorts and nothing else. I saw his rigid stomach and that sexy vee, which, I’m sure, easily destroyed lesser women. With a quick look at the time, I saw it was three in the morning. We returned home around one. Everyone was sound asleep, but us. My treacherous heart picked up an excited tempo at seeing him in my room. He sat at the edge of my bed without saying a word.
“I don’t want to have sex. I swear,” he joked. I rolled my eyes. 
“What brings you here at this lovely hour?” I tried for casual, but even I heard the hope in my words. Was he just as confused as I?
“You were on Facebook,” he said, pointing to his phone. 
I shrugged. I was on Facebook, and stalking him, to be exact, but he didn’t need to know that. Liam had a healthy-sized ego without me inflating it. 
“I wanted to apologize,” he said, settling at the foot of my bed. 
“For what?”
“Dragging you into a disgusting bathroom with the sole intention of fucking you against that door.” I never said he wasn’t honest. Damn! It was crude, yet it turned me on faster than anything else could. It was starting to get warm in here. I threw the covers off. 
“But that’s changed?” He smiled, and his perfect, even teeth shone brightly in my room, illuminated only by the full moon and stars outside. There were barely any streetlights on the Cape; any light was a direct result of the moon and stars that shined brilliantly without interruption.
“I only came here to apologize,” he repeated, moving closer to me. My breathing hitched with his slow, torturous approach. He had seduction down to a science.
“So now what?” I asked, genuinely curious. 
“We pretend it didn’t happen and try to get along before we mess up again.” I nodded, feeling only a little disappointed. At the club, he spouted so much crap about wanting a relationship; I guess it just didn’t happen to be with me. That realization felt like a cold shower to my overheated senses.
“Wanna listen to music?” I asked, not sure what else to say. 
“I’m not listening to the shit on your phone,” he quipped, sitting beside me at the head of the bed and giving me the perfect view of his abdomen. Pulling my headphones out of my phone, I pushed them into his phone. 
“So what’s on the playlist for tonight?”
He slid down the screen until he saw something he liked. “The only boy band song on my phone! And if you dare to tell anyone, I think I’ll be forced to kill you.” I laughed before composing myself again. 
“Okay. Mum’s the word.” When he played it, I almost burst out laughing again. “’MMBop’ by Hanson? That’s not a boy band.” 
“Yes, it is.” 
“If they’re a boy band, then bands that play instruments like yours are also boy bands.”
“We are not a boy band, we have Colleen,” he countered and I shook my head, trying to avoid waking anybody up with my laughter. 
Liam and I went through a few dozen songs, most of which I’d never heard of, and I hated to admit it, but I liked them. He even told me why there were over ten thousand songs on his iPhone, endearing himself in a way I never thought possible. 
“So it takes a lot of time to get ten thousand songs?” I inquired.
“It’s not hard when it’s the only way you speak.” I looked at him curiously and he gave me a sad smile that I never would have pictured finding on Liam’s face. 
“What does that mean?”  I whispered. 
“It means I’m really shitty at explaining myself, so I speak through song.” He was smiling, but there was more behind it than I was accustomed to seeing.
“That sounds exactly like something I’d expect from you.”
“Really?” he asked, and his electric blue eyes looked dark in the moonlight. 
“All the MMRD songs sound like a night being you. You guys don’t sing about anything important.” 
“We sing about…” He stopped, probably realizing he was full of shit. Sighing with defeat, he rested his head on my headboard and looked at me. “You’re right. I even vowed to never do love songs. It’s all about the feelings, you know, and if I can’t feel them, I won’t do it.” I laughed at the absurdity of his vow. How could he keep such a ridiculous promise? 
“The only firm stand you’ve ever taken,” I joked. He didn’t let me get away with the innuendo, and began saying inappropriate things until I got so red in the face with embarrassment, I thought I was on fire. 
When the sun started to rise, he chose to go back to his room. He didn’t touch me the entire night. We just talked and listened to music. It was so unlike him, yet it seemed so right; at least, with the guy I met tonight. I was more confused now than before he came over. 
I never did get any sleep. After he left, I went to the pool. My thoughts were (annoyingly) consumed with him. The last time something happened between us, I felt awful. I kicked him out because of my father. Dad ruined a lot of things for me; and yup, Liam was a big one. I regretted that constantly. Would things have turned out differently if only I had stood up for us? Despite all the things I said about keeping it quiet, it was so special, he had to feel it too. That night started as just a way for us to let loose. When we finally had sex, we just stared at each other for several moments afterwards. My chest exploded in a way I’d never felt before. I knew then it was something special. And exactly what I was looking for. He looked like he was having the same revelation. However, morning always has a way of destroying what the darkness made beautiful. That’s what Daddy’s wake up call did. 
The next time I saw him, I knew I wasn’t special, but just one of many. He played me like he did every other girl. That same night, he left with not one, but two girls. I couldn’t compete with that, not even in my wildest dreams. He got any girl he wanted. Even I played into his game until he got me too.  I had simply become another notch on his bedpost, something I could never erase. For so long, my anger was fueled by embarrassment until I forgot all about the embarrassment, and held onto the anger. I held on tightly to that anger, until today. That’s because he let me inside his head without any sexual propositioning. For once, I think I saw the real Liam, the one few people were lucky enough to meet. The one that could break more hearts than the manwhore he played on stage.
Miserably, I sat in the early morning, waiting for some kind of sign about what to do. 
“Gemma, I haven’t seen you awake before nine the entire summer,” my mother said before sitting beside me. 
“Just thinking.” 
“Pretty deep thoughts this early, sweetie.” She smiled, pulling her sunglasses on her face.
“It’s just… never mind,” I replied, gradually coming to my senses. No way could I tell her about any of this, even though it was eating me alive inside. 
“Boy trouble?” she concluded sagely. My mom always knew what was going on with me even when I did my best to hide it. She picked up on such subtle cues, ones Gen didn’t even pick up on. We were twins, but there were certain things we never talked about. Bryant, her ex-boyfriend, was one of those things. I had my own regrets when it came to Bryant, but I loved Gen too much to actually tell her how much of a horrible bitch I used to be toward her. 
“I’m just alone,” I countered. 
“Seeing Gen with Rhys makes you lonely,” she summarized.
I nodded, although unwilling to admit it. I was a terrible person for thinking that. Gen deserved to be happy. She put up with a lot to find Rhys. No one deserved it more, I just wanted to be as happy as she. Was that too much to ask for? Like I said, and I readily confess: I’m a terrible, selfish person. 
“What about Liam?” I snorted. “What about him?” I tried playing dumb. Mom gave me a knowing look. She saw right through me in a New York minute.
“I have a sneaking suspicion that the two of you are much more than friends,” she surmised. I shook my head. “Honey, your father told me about that guy in your room. The one with the blue hair and tattoos.” My heart sank. The one person I never thought would blab was the one who told. “Sounding familiar now?” She smiled warmly, and I looked around the room. 
“Mom, I messed up,” I started. “Liam’s not like Rhys.”
“Really? And why do you think that?” Another smug smile graced her perfectly Botoxed face. 
“Because I know. Liam doesn’t date. He’s never going to—”
“You care about him!” she whisper-squealed. “The boy I met may not know it, but he wants to be with you.” 
“You’re just saying that because you’re my mom.” 
“He doesn’t look like he’s too in touch with his feelings, I’ll give you that. He cares though. He watches out for you. He’s always going out of his way to just be nice to you. That doesn’t sound like a womanizer to me,” she added.
I gave her a sidelong look. “Just because Britney Spears named a song ‘Womanizer,’ doesn’t mean you can use it in a sentence.” 
“I’m just showing you how hip I am.” She winked. “I’m going to make breakfast. Think about what I said, sweetie. I know a few things about relationships.” I nodded simply to appease her. 
She was wrong. So wrong. I was just another notch in Liam’s bedpost. I already dealt with the harsh reality. I couldn’t endure hearing the fairy tales that mothers concocted to give their little girls hope. 
Someone sat beside me and I looked up, surprised to see Liam. 
“Up early too?” I joked. 
“Trouble sleeping. Had this terrible dream where I sat in some blonde’s bed all night, listening to music.”
“Terrible?” I repeated. 
“Any dreams that don’t involve sex are terrible.” I couldn’t help choking back a laugh when I heard his reply. 
“Glad to hear how memorable I was,” I quipped.
“Baby, if you weren’t memorable, I wouldn’t have had so much fun last night.” 
“Wait. You had fun?” I asked, genuinely surprised.
“Is that even a question, Gem?” he joked. “Okay, so last night, perhaps I overshared.” 
I smiled, knowing exactly what he meant. “I like when you actually say what you mean. It’s less confusing.” I watched his eyes studying my face. I looked away, trying not to let him see the blush I knew was reddening my cheeks. 
“Your turn,” he replied and those electric blues hit me right in the stomach like a sucker punch. 
I bit my lip and thought over something I hadn’t told anyone. “What do you want to know?”
“Anything you want,” he said, putting on his sunglasses and looking over the water. 
Smiling, “When I was eight years old, I saw Mulan for the first time.” 
“That’s not a very good secret.” 
“I’m not finished. There’s a song in Mulan called ‘Reflection.’ The first time, I heard it, I burst out crying.”
His shaded eyes turned to me. 
“Have you ever heard the song?” 
“Colleen liked that movie too. I’ve seen it a couple times.” 
“Remember when she’s singing and talking about what a disappointment she is? And how she will never be a good enough daughter? I felt like that too. At eight years old, I already decided I wasn’t good enough. Gen was perfect. She eclipsed me in anything and everything we did. Don’t get me wrong; I love her. She’s my sister, but sometimes it’s exhausting to live beneath someone else’s shadow. As soon as I could, I dyed my hair, just to be different. Then I rebelled in the nastiest ways. Gen was always the smart one even though we both got straight As. Gen was also the one Daddy trained and took under his wing, leaving me behind.” I chanced a glance at Liam to see if he was listening. I was spilling my guts. I knew what came next in the story, but I really want to voice the deepest, darkest secret I had? “Bry was meant for Gen, but Gen never gave him the time of day. So I did.” I closed my eyes. “I wanted him to notice me instead of Gen and I guess for a while, he did. Gen eventually wised up and Bry dropped me as soon as he could get away. Gen always outshined me. I’m the moon to her sun. At every opportunity, she has eclipsed me.” 
“Wow.” Liam stared long and hard trying to wrap his head around what I had just said. He was going to walk away any second. “When I look at you, I think you eclipse everything around you. I don’t see Gen, or anything else, but you.” My throat tightened with unshed tears. I never told anyone that secret and saying it out loud sounded awful. Liam took my hand in his. “You’re perfect, Gem; never doubt that. You are more than just Gen’s sister, too. You are Gemma, the girl that kept me up all night, just listening to music. The girl I allow to yell at me without fighting back. Who tells me to take out my contacts.”
I groaned. “I told you that?” I covered my face in embarrassment.
He laughed, “Yes.” 
“It’s before nine and you’re awake?” My father’s voice jolted me back to reality. It was Friday and he was here, as promised. 
“Daddy.” I tried to sound excited, but I knew my voice came out nervous. I wondered if Dad realized yet that Liam was the boy from my room. Had they met? What, exactly, lay in store for them if they met now? 
My heart dropped. This was not good. I was an idiot for not thinking about it sooner. 
“Okay, honey?”
“Yeah, fine,” I replied, shaking myself out of the daze. “Mom’s inside, cooking…” I trailed off when I looked over from my father to Liam. He was still in a lounge chair, looking stiff, and, no doubt, awaiting our, or his impending doom.
“What the hell are you doing in my home?” My father roared when he walked up on the lawn and saw Liam lying beside me. Liam’s head shot up. This could not end well.

 8: “Over Again” One Direction
Gemma

My dad went from zero to sixty in a matter of seconds as he yelled at Liam. The two exchanged various profanities while I just stood at the sidelines, frozen. I always froze in emergencies. It wasn’t fight or flight for me, it was freeze or flight. 
Words like “blue-haired thug” and “heathen” were thrown at Liam by my dad, who was old school. Mom came rushing out, trying to end the drama, and I finally moved pulling Liam away from my father. She managed to pull my father away when he refused to stop raving like a lunatic. 
“I’m so sorry, Liam,” I tried, but Liam was enraged. His hands were balled into fists, and when mom failed to talk any sense into my father, he stormed back out to argue with Liam. It was enough. “Stop fighting!” I pleaded, wedging myself in between them. They were yelling like it wasn’t eight in the morning. “Please stop,” I sobbed. It always happened like that. I get so upset, I just start crying like a big baby. I am the worst companion to have in a serious situation. 
It momentarily distracted Liam and he pulled me to his chest for a hug. That only made my father angrier. “With all due respect, sir,” Liam began, but he said sir condescendingly, like it was the last thing he meant. “You’re an asshole. If you don’t know how much you’re upsetting your own daughter, I’ll be gone by noon.” Saying that, Liam left me and walked into the house. Everyone was wide awake and assembled in the kitchen. All eyes were on us when we entered. I didn’t say anything because my throat was swollen with tears. In a situation like that, what could I say? I just followed Liam upstairs. Inaction couldn’t cut it after talking to my mom. I couldn’t just let Liam walk away before I knew what was really going on between us. Or told him how I felt. Not to mention, finding out how he felt.
He was stuffing clothing into his duffel bag as Rhys tried to calm him down.
“I need a minute with your brother, Rhys.” Rhys nodded and walked out, not even bothering to mask his curiosity about what was going on. 
“You have nothing to apologize for; your dad is an ass!” he said, shoving his hands through his hair and pulling the ends like he was ready to rip his hair out of his head. 
“Stay,” I pleaded. 
“I can’t…” he snapped, still throwing his clothes into the bag. When his hands were empty, he looked at me. “Your dad…” He shoved a hand through his hair again. Having not received its proper treatment, it stuck out messily in all directions. This wasn’t the Liam I was used to, although, it gave me another thing to like about him.
Moving forward, I stopped his hands from packing. “Stay for me.” Those blue eyes must have read right through me. 
“Gemma, that man is a lunatic! He’s not ranting and raving about Rhys screwing Gen. His problem is that I have fucking blue hair!” I waited for him to get it all out. He took a deep breath, and seemed to think better of saying anything else.
“I’m so sorry,” I muttered. 
“Like I said, don’t apologize for him being an ass,” he replied before taking me back into his arms.  “He’s lucky I walked away; I was going to kill him, your dad or not. No one is allowed to make you cry.” I laughed, grateful for any bit of humor in a miserable situation. 
“You made me cry too.” 
“I never said my ass didn’t need to be kicked. It does. I’m a jerk in the worst way,” he amended, looking exasperated with himself.
“How about we unpack your bag and talk until the coast is clear?” I suggested bravely. Still cradled in his arms, I was trying to file away every sensation I felt in that moment. I wasn’t sure how long I could talk him into staying, if I could at all. If he left, I knew I’d lose any chance to really know what was going on between us. 
“And how long will that take?”
I shrugged, “Gen will tell me.” Like clockwork, Liam’s phone started ringing. He pulled it out and groaned when he read the display. 
“I don’t need this shit right now,” he complained, dropping the still ringing phone on the bed beside his bag. I happened to look down quickly. I was so not snooping. 
“Ella?” I asked. 
His eyes seemed to harden when I spoke her name. The aquamarine color made my chest tighten. He sat on the bed, pulling me down beside him, grazing his legs over mine in the process. 
“I don’t know if you talk to Ella regularly,” he ventured slowly. 
I shrugged in response.  I didn’t want to tell him I was already aware of Ella’s situation. Their situation. Oh, God! Ella and Liam were having a baby. What did I really think I could accomplish here?
“This is so fucked,” he complained, running a hand through his already messy hair again. “And it stays between us, Gem.” The way he looked at me made me eager to make irrational promises I knew I couldn’t keep. Was my mom right? Maybe he really did want more than we had. Could we make it work anyway, despite Ella? I shook those hopeful thoughts away, again focusing on Liam. 
“Of course. We’re friends,” I replied, hoping to ease his mind. 
“Right,” he went on drily. “Ella called me when we first got here. She told me she was…” He stopped, probably needing a moment to compose himself. Shit, he looked so overwhelmed. “She told me she was pregnant and she insists it’s mine.”
“You don’t believe her?” I asked slowly.
“It’s Ella! She easily gets around as much as I do. I don’t believe for a second that I’m the only guy she slept with in longer than a month.”
“So what are you going to do?” I asked, reining in my disappointment that he would leave her alone and pregnant. 
“I’m going to help her until she gets a paternity test. She says it’s mine, so for now, I have to take her at her word. I could never leave her alone like that. My ma would whoop my ass. If it is mine, great; but if she’s lying, I doubt if I can keep Colleen away. She will be so pissed.”
“And you?” I asked, holding back a proud smile. All my former doubts about Liam not being there, or not caring whether he was traumatizing a child disappeared. He sounded like a grownup as he planned everything out. And might have been the best father Ella’s baby could ask for.
“I’ll be mad after everything’s over, but it made me see things differently whether the kid is mine or not. Rhys told me I got so upset because deep down, I always wanted to do it right, despite what I said. He said it’s ingrained in us to want what we don’t have. A life with the woman you love, getting married, and having kids. I had to let that simmer in my thick skull for a bit, but he’s right. I fucked up with Ella, but I’m still going to take care of that kid if it’s mine.” He sighed, “My life is one big shit show.” 
“It’ll get better,” I tried to console him, placing a hand on his shoulder reassuringly.
“Yeah, but this weekend won’t.” 
“We’re going to have to say something to them,” I answered. My phone dinged with a text. “Everyone is calm and collected now, eating breakfast,” I said, reading the text from Gen. 
“Fuck. Can I just hide in here?” I rolled my eyes.
“I never pegged Liam Moore as someone who hid from his problems,” I quipped, knowing just how much that would bother him. He was up and out the door without another word. Worked like a charm. 
Gen was right; everyone was eating. It was eerily quiet though, and they all just stared at their plates of food without saying a word. My father looked up when we entered the room. The creases in his forehead deepened, but he didn’t object or speak as Liam and I took our seats beside each other. My mother served us. She was the only one making any type of noise. Placing our plates in front of us, she gave both of our shoulders a supportive squeeze. Liam looked startled by her act, but my mom loved everyone. The eternal optimist, she firmly believed life was no more than a collection of crazy stories that eventually led you to happiness. Granted, I didn’t think she was particularly happy with most of what my dad did, but she still loved him. 
“I recognized you,” my father started. 
“Victor,” my mother said in a tone of admonishment. 
“No, let him get it out,” Liam replied gently. Kathleen was red in the face, like she was already arguing on Liam’s behalf. From what little I knew about Kathleen, she hadn’t held back, and loved her kids fiercely. She was an intensely loyal woman, and I wanted to avoid getting on her bad side. 
“You knew exactly who I was when we met again,” my father persisted. 
“I thought it was a sign of progress when you didn’t try to kill me,” Liam retorted, earning a few snickers around the table. 
Colleen spoke up. “So I think I need to wrap my head around this. Liam and Gemma? You guys…” She looked at our parents, quickly deciding, and quite wisely too, not to finish that sentence.
Gen and Rhys were exchanging their conspiratorial smiles again. They, however, were the only two smiling. 
“Coll, I think that’s between Liam and Gemma,” Rhys replied for us, but it didn’t matter; they all knew. I wasn’t sure if I could be more mortified than when Dad caught me with Liam. Boy, was I wrong. Being subject of scrutiny with four sets of parental eyes continually staring at you disapprovingly was much worse. 
“Did you want me to recognize you?” my father asked Liam. “Gemma, is this your way of telling me you have a boyfriend? Can’t you just bring him to dinner like—”
“Whoa!” I screeched. 
“No!” Liam chimed simultaneously. 
“Liam is not my boyfriend.” My father groaned as if in physical pain. 
“Please tell me you broke up! If this was one of those Jersey Shore-type hookups, I might cry,” he winced. 
“Victor!” my mom bellowed, fully exasperated.
I knew my face was reaching temperatures only achieved by the sun. 
Liam decided to talk. He was more eloquent than I, who couldn’t get anything out beyond uh? 
“First of all, Gemma and I are both adults. What we choose to do is exclusively our business; and to answer your other question, I thought you recognized me the last time we met. There was no underlying intentional malice from me in coming here. I just wanted to be with my family and friends.” 
“This interrogation is officially over,” Kathleen interjected, looking like she had a litany of nastier things to say. “Gemma is a grown woman; you can’t blame my son for something they both chose to do.” 
Breakfast dragged on in complete silence. Liam and I were already dressed, due to the freakishly early hour when we arose, but everyone else still had to get ready. 
Dad stopped us on the way upstairs. I guess he wanted to speak directly to Liam and avoid everyone else’s observation. He looked at me and then at Liam. “I’m sorry. I don’t say that often, so you better appreciate it,” he added. His soft apology quietly veiled the fact that he wanted Gen and Rhys to be okay. I knew, however, he still disliked Liam.
Liam looked at me, his face unreadable. I could tell he was still upset too. 
“Apology accepted, sir,” he finally ground out. 
Now with a standing truce between the two of them, I needed to be super cautious. My dad wouldn’t last too long, especially if he caught Liam in my room in the middle of the night again. Trouble. Yup, this still felt like trouble.

 9: “Don’t Speak” No Doubt
Liam

Gen and Colleen made the executive decision to take a long day trip and avoid the parental figures complicating our lives. We were sitting on a ferry, heading to Nantucket, thanks to their collaboration. I wasn’t in the mood for any of this shit. After that crummy breakfast and the lack of sleep, I was so miserable, nothing could bring me up.
I needed to do something. Anything, really. Trying to remember all the ways I dealt with my stress wasn’t helping either. I barely dealt with shit. I either avoided it like killer crabs, or distracted myself to no end. My favorite distractions weren’t really possible here either. How could I get a gig tonight? With a severed limb and a time machine, and that was for sure. Fucking was my other way of coping. That’s how I dealt with Gemma for so long. I’d see her and instantly turn my ass around to quickly find someone just to take my mind off her. 
The problem now was: every time I looked at Gemma, I could have sworn she wasn’t trying to slice my dick off anymore, not even if I suggested another hookup. Did I really want to do that to myself again? Especially now, when I was sure her dad would kill me if he caught me again? It was like one screwed-up, vicious circle. Gemma’s dad came, pissed me the fuck off until all I wanted to do was distract myself in the only way I knew how. Sure, I guess it was my preference since the only one who could satisfy my craving was Gem, but that was beside the point. Or maybe, that was the problem. Gemma, her father, and that sick cycle. I wanted her, but couldn’t have her. I wanted her, but she wouldn’t let me near her. I wanted her, but her father would kill me before I got close. In the end, it all boiled down to the scary truth. I. Wanted. Her. 
 Everyone gave me a wide berth when they noticed my foul mood. I watched Gemma holding a conversation like nothing was wrong. Like our fucking charade hadn’t fallen apart this morning. She was so calm and rational, making me get my head out of my ass. I still regretted not leaving. I also regretted telling Gemma about Ella. There was no way in hell she would put up with shit like a baby mama. Gemma was way too good for that. My thoughts were treacherous. Every time I thought I had a handle on my feelings for Gemma, a new realization slapped me in the face. Destroying all hope once again.
My latest revelation: Gemma was better than me. She always had been, but now it was solidified, and all because I couldn’t keep it in my pants. I could never even say the damn words Rhys and Colleen were dying to hear from me. Gemma managed to sneak past all the fucking games and walls I erected, and made me care for her. That shit was not for me. I never liked being disappointed. I never felt the urge to be selfless simply because Gemma’s happiness mattered more than my own sorry existence. I was supposed to be a selfish bastard. At least, according to the countless women who know me. 
Gemma stood up, watching me for a second before she came over. 
“I’m tired of watching you brood over here. Put on your happy face and come over.” She took my hand and tried to pull me to where she was sitting with our siblings, but I resisted and pulled her back. Those honey eyes that would haunt my dreams after this trip, stared at me, wide and confused.  
“Maybe I should leave. I don’t want to ruin things for everyone else,” I started, and her eyes seemed to see right through my lie. The water washed the sides of the ferry, lapping softly in the ocean breeze.
“Li,” she sighed, sounding exasperated with me. “Is that why you seem like you’re going to punch the next thing that even looks at you funny?
“Maybe,” I grumbled, not wanting to share the reason for most of my anger. Here’s a hint it all came from not having her. That was weak, however, so naturally, I wouldn’t admit that shit. Not now, and not ever. 
“You’re doing it again. Lose the scowl.” I forced a smile, but she just rolled her eyes, knowing it was a lie. “What are you really thinking about?”
“How fucked I am.” 
“Stop thinking about Ella. Enjoy the week; you’ll be back to ugly reality in no time,” she said, placing a hand on my back. I leaned on the railing and looked out toward the water again. 
“Yeah? And what am I going to do? How am I supposed to deal with it?” I said, trying to distract her from my real inner turmoil. 
“You will deal with it because you have friends and family that will do anything for you.” I gave her a pointed look. I knew I shouldn’t ask the question, but I had become pathetic by now. I needed more, whether I admitted it or not.
“What about you?”
“What about me?” she countered. Another look her way and she opened up. “Li, I’m here for you. You said it this morning: we’re friends. I’ll help you where I can. You’re going to be a great dad.”
Damn! Those words fucking hurt. Not only did I not want to be a dad yet, but I most definitely didn’t want to be relegated to the title of Gemma’s friend. Maybe those words were why it suddenly became very hard to breathe. I couldn’t be sure; they both scared the hell out of me. I closed my eyes for a moment, and took a shaky breath.
“Come sit with everyone,” she tried again.
“Stay and talk with me, friend,” I replied, showing my contempt at the idea of her becoming just a friend. I knew it was my fault; especially after what I said last night and this morning, but it still sucked.
“Okay, what do you wanna talk about?”
“Lighter topics.” Her lips twitched as she tried to hide a smile, but those adorable dimples gave her away.
“How about the rules of being friends with a girl?” I gave her a dirty look and she laughed. “Okay, wise guy, how many friends do you currently have that are female?” she countered.
“You and Gen,” I answered matter-of-factly. 
“Exactly. There are rules.” 
“Like?” I said, invading her space. 
“Like no sleeping with friends. No kissing friends. And absolutely no inappropriate touching.”
“I think I have already proven I can do that,” I snapped, cutting her off before she continued with a list I sensed was miles long. 
“Really? Because you already failed.” 
“Last night doesn’t count. We decided to be friends after we hooked up,” I rationalized. A smile tugged at my lips as I recalled last night. Our kiss, and our talk were both perfect. But even that word wasn’t enough to describe yesterday for me.
“I just want to make sure you understand the rules moving forward.” 
“What else?” I complained. 
“We can’t be jealous of each other’s dates, hookups, or significant others.” I didn’t like that one bit. Gemma made me a jealous ass, but I nodded obediently, and let her continue. “No more song dedications.” 
“You love when I dedicate songs to you,” I replied, feeling insulted. She gave me a dark look. 
“You did it once to piss me off. Friends don’t do that to friends.” 
“So I can’t piss you off either?” I asked. “My friends piss me off on a regular basis,” I said, leaning closer to her until our elbows that were propped on the railing were touching.
“Well, maybe you need better friends.” She looked down. “No inappropriate touching,” she repeated, sliding over a bit. 
“You said that already.” 
“But apparently, you forgot.” 
“Can’t we just be what we are, Gem?” I asked. I was close enough to her to notice the change in her breathing, and I didn’t fail to see the slight blush in her cheeks.
“And what, exactly, is that?” she asked. I shrugged, since I had no fucking clue what we were. It was uncharted territory for me. I wanted to touch her, kiss her, have sex with her, be a jealous ass, and dedicate mushy songs to her, but again, that didn’t sit well with Gemma or me. I wasn’t that kind of guy. What did I really know about treating someone like Gemma, right? I would fail on an epic scale. I didn’t work that way. And just because I was so into Gemma right now, on a vacation with our families, didn’t mean we could last beyond that. Being a dog, it was just a matter of time before another girl distracted me. My chest tightened as I thought about breaking Gemma’s heart. I knew I would; and that’s why no matter how much I hated the idea of being her friend, it was exactly what I planned to do. I would be the best damn friend she ever fucking had. 
“Friends,” I sighed, utterly defeated. She smiled at me. 
“Don’t make it sound like I just beat you into saying that either. Come on; we’re almost to the island.” I let her drag me back to Colleen, Rhys, and Gen. I noticed the new way Colleen was watching our interactions. She would surely try to interrogate me the second she had me cornered. Hell, they were all going to do that. Gem and I went from being ready to kill each other to having heart-to-hearts. I was fucking confused; so they had to be even more baffled because they didn’t have all the information I had. 
With a sudden jerk and some yelling, the ferry docked at Nantucket, a small island off Cape Cod. People bustled off the ferry and hurried towards the center of town. We walked, following the crowds, until eventually, we found ourselves in the town center. We were all staring down an endless supply of local shops. Being that Rhys and I were the only males, the girls vetoed every decision we made about skipping any stores. 
They walked into every single boutique and store, looking at everything, and buying almost everything. After the tenth establishment, I began to realize why Rhys and I were there. I discovered our sole purpose. We were the official bag holders, carrying various bags and boxes as the girls quickly store-hopped, as if they were on a binge. They were driving me fucking crazy. 
“How about a lunch break?” Colleen suggested when Rhys and I started to drag. 
“If shopping were an Olympic sport,” Rhys whispered to me as the girls discussed which restaurant we would be lucky enough to rest in, “they’d win. The gold, silver, and bronze medals, they’d sweep ‘em all.”
“Come on, you snails,” Colleen called to us, and we picked up the pace slightly. Now, at least, we were following the girls to an over-the-top, outdoor restaurant that overlooked the ocean. 
“I’ll need a long vacation after this,” I complained.

 10: “Every Six Seconds” O-Town
Gemma

I made it without even once giving Liam a second glance. I kept my thoughts focused on everything, but him. Now I sat at the fire, roasting marshmallows for s’mores. Liam kept complaining how badly he was jonesing for a gig. I think he just wanted to hear himself talk uninterrupted. Or maybe he just needed to vent his feelings. How could you not express yourself any other way, except through singing? Emotionally stunted couldn’t even begin to describe Liam Moore. 
I ignored the way his voice always made me sigh, and the close proximity of our thighs, which were nearly touching, but not quite. The strict rules I insisted upon for our relationship were beginning to drive me insane.  I riveted my eyes onto my damn roasted marshmallow. Weakest distraction ever!
My phone vibrated, drawing my attention temporarily away from him. When I saw my caller ID read Ella, I answered automatically. 
“What’s up?” I said, standing before making my way to my room. I did not want Liam to overhear me. 
“He’s such a loser!” she snapped irritably. I groaned, already very aware that I was in the middle of something I had no right to be involved in. “You know he’s been ignoring my calls.”
“Why are you telling me that?” I grew nervous that she would somehow discover I was merely a room away from him. 
“You’re the only person that knows, Gem. He’s totally ignoring me. Right now, he’s living it up on some vacation. I planned to confront him at his gig, but he’s not back yet.” I heard her sniffle a little. Did her hormones already start getting wonky? That early? “Trent told me he was vacationing with his family. He’s on the Cape, and having the time of his life while I’m here, on the verge of a nervous breakdown. How long can he keep avoiding me?”
“Whoa! Calm down, Ella. That can’t be good for the baby. You guys aren’t together. Give him a chance to enjoy his vacation, and I’m sure he’ll help out. It’s not like you’re in labor already! Geez, you’re barely sure if you’re pregnant.” My futile attempts to reassure her resulted in eerie silence, telling me I failed. 
“Gem, are you defending him? I thought you hated Liam as much as I do,” she finally asked.
“Ella, aren’t you being a little irrational? If he’s on vacation, don’t you think he must have had it planned for a while? He can’t drop everything, especially if he’s with his family. That’s more rational.”
“Don’t you have a place on the Cape? Maybe I can visit you, and track him down! I’m sure Gen knows where they’re staying and —” Damn! maybe Liam was right; she was crazy. Who does shit like that?
“Stop, Ella. You aren’t making sense,” I replied, instantly severing any plans to come here. 
“I just…” she sobbed and I instantly regretted taking Liam’s side. “I just want someone to go through this with, that’s all.” 
“You have me,” I replied, trying to sound hopeful, but she snorted in disbelief. 
“Gemma, I know,” she said after a long pause. 
“What? I asked, confused. 
“He’s at your house. How could you do that to me?”
“How did you know that? Wait! I don’t have to defend myself. Rhys is my sister’s boyfriend.” 
“Why’s he ignoring my calls?” she asked sadly.
“I don’t know.” 
“I’m not an idiot; you do know!” she shrieked, making me question her sanity yet again. Okay, she was pregnant; so her hormones got messed up. I knew that much, but she was overreacting, which was typical, but uncomfortable, even for Ella.
“Ella, why does it matter? He’s not going to get back together with you because you’re pregnant. He’s already made that perfectly clear. Harassing him can’t help your case.” Then, the line went dead. No goodbye, no anything. Oh, yes! She was pissed.
I shrugged and went downstairs, trying not to think about Ella anymore than I had to. Liam was sitting by the fire with an acoustic guitar in one hand. Correction, my acoustic guitar from high school was in his hand. I had taken lessons in the hopes of finding something to make me stand out. It hadn’t worked. After a handful of lessons, I realized nothing was worth ruining my manicure.
Colleen was smiling broadly as she pulled me down beside her. “I never get to watch Li sing. Is he as good as he thinks he is?”
“Oh, no; he’s much better,” I said, sensing the intensity of his stare on me as he started the beat to the song. 
“No, I need my phone,” Gen said, getting up and recording. 
He started strumming and my heart rate increased with his rhythm, but I stared at the fire, refusing to show how much his singing affected me. My head snapped up when he started the hook and chorus. He was watching me the entire time. I couldn’t seem to pull my eyes away as he repeated the lines. Was he trying to say something?
 I wish I could give you my love and my soul
But inside my chest there is nobody home,
My heart may be missing
But my hands will make up for it.
Don't think this is innocent
I'll sink my teeth right into it.
My eyes and my mouth agree
You'll be coming home with me,
'Cause girl you know, 'cause girl you know
‘Cause girl you know, I'm an animal
Animal! I'm just an animal, animal
“That was amazing,” Gen said as she ended the recording. “That’s going on YouTube.” After pushing a few buttons, it was uploaded. I was still speechless. What did that mean? It was impossible for me to pry my eyes away from Liam. He, however, had no trouble as he placed the guitar--my guitar--in its case. Riveted by his every action, I knew I was in way over my head. My heart started pounding and I felt a little dizzy. 
“I think I need some water,” I explained before standing up and bolting to the kitchen. How I managed to get myself a drink and sit at the counter was beyond me. I was just relieved no one inside questioned me as I mulled over the words Liam sang. Were they meant for me? Was it just a song? How could I be thinking about him after I just fought with Ella over him?
I looked around the still seemingly quiet house, trying to regain some of my equilibrium. My parents agreed to have an apology dinner in Martha’s Vineyard. Yeah, we didn’t expect them back until the morning. Even though they insisted they’d be back tonight. I think they only said that so nothing funny happened between Gen and Rhys, or Liam and me. My heart rate seemed to calm itself down, and I stopped feeling like I was about to have a heart attack. Liam came in and took my guitar to the basement, where it must have been stored. 
“We are heading into the hot tub; coming?” Rhys asked as everyone came back in. 
My stomach did a little flip, indicating how awful an idea it was to get in a hot tub half naked with Liam. I was still struggling to get my own hormones in check. Someone singing shouldn’t have worked me up like that. I don’t know why I was surprised though. All he ever did was work me, in both the good and bad ways. 
I nodded, heading up the stairs to change into a sleek, little bikini. If I had to suffer through this, I wanted him to suffer as well. I pulled on the snuggest suit I owned. It was a strapless top with a bold, multicolored leopard print and cheeky bottoms that barely covered my ass. Thank you, Victoria’s Secret! I made my way into the hall where everyone was gathered. 
“Oh! Love the colors,” Colleen commented before leading us down the stairs. Her blonde hair bounced as she descended. I made sure Liam was behind me as we followed her down the stairs. I couldn’t help feeling pretty darn proud of myself when I heard him groan. 
“That’s just wrong,” he complained, sneaking up behind me and whispering into my ear.
“It’s all fair. We’re friends. Remember?”
“Not when you’re dressed in that, we aren’t.” I raised a brow to challenge his remark, but he just shook his head, obviously reining in his lustful thoughts. 
We made it to the hot tub without inappropriate touching, much to my disappointment. Liam slid in ahead of me so I took the only seat I was allowed to take, the one beside Liam. I knew Gen would clearly call the one next to her boyfriend. Colleen had a devious look on her face. Gen eventually wandered over to the hot tub with a bottle of wine and some cups. 
“Oh! This just got way more interesting,” I joked. 
“It’s gonna be even better when we start playing Truth or Dare,” Colleen added. I just laughed and took the plastic cup of wine my sister offered me.
“Who’s going first?” Rhys asked, handing out the remaining cups to his siblings. 
“Me!” Colleen said excitedly. 
“Okay. Truth or dare?” Rhys inquired. She pondered the options for a moment, raising her cup in thought. 
“Truth!” Coll said quickly. 
“Coward,” I joked. 
Rhys sat back, trying to think of a perfectly PG question for his baby sister, one that wouldn’t scar Liam and him for life. 
“I got it,” Gen said instead. 
“What?” Colleen asked eagerly. 
“How far have you gone with Trent?”
“Oh, fuck!” Liam complained, covering his ears. “I’m not hearing this shit, or I’ll have to kill him.” I couldn’t help laughing. The game actually might take my mind off other things.
“I’m not with Trent,” she claimed like the good baby sister she was. Rhys sighed, visibly relieved. “But we’ve kissed.” She winced as she added that tasty tidbit, and both brothers started grumbling about how they planned to hurt Trent’s anatomy. 
“We were kids,” she continued, ignoring them. “It was way before MMRD.” That didn’t help the situation. They both were still enraged that Trent would take advantage of a young girl. She groaned again, getting exasperated. 
“You guys aren’t doing anything to Trent. Stop,” Gen commanded matter-of-factly.
“Gemma,” Colleen said excitedly, “Truth or dare?” I bit my lip, having a good idea what truth they would pry out of me. Dare just scared the shit out of me. I chugged my wine until I felt a slight ringing in my ears. Gen was quick to refill the cup and I placed it behind me, away from the in-ground hot tub.
“Truth.” Coll rolled her eyes knowingly. She tried to bite back a smile, but failed miserably. 
“Damn, I had such a good dare for you!”
“Question?” 
“Just how many times have you hooked up in any capacity with Liam and,” she enunciated the and, “when was the last time?” 
“That’s two questions. Since when are ands allowed?” I countered. 
“All is fair in Truth or Dare,” Rhys replied wickedly. 
I looked at Liam, who just chugged his wine. “Twice; and last night,” I mumbled. 
The low whistle Rhys exhaled mortified me. What rock could I crawl under now? This was turning out to be less fun than I hoped for, and not the kind of distraction I planned. I got nervous when Liam finished his drink. I expected him to motion for more, like I did, but he was going to take it like a man… stone cold sober. I could never be brave enough to do that. 

 11: “Truth or Dare” Mariana’s Trench
Liam

This was the worst game of Truth or Dare I ever played. Not only was I learning way too much about my sister’s love life, but Gemma had no trouble airing our dirty laundry all over the place. The four truth questions she answered were all about us! I knew that wasn’t really Gemma’s fault, but everyone else’s, for asking the fucking questions, but it still killed me. 
“Liam?” Gen started, “truth or dare?” 
“Dare,” I replied, trying not to share anymore personal stories of Gem and me with them. 
“Finally!” Colleen shrieked. She was visibly becoming wasted. I wisely stopped after my first cup and didn’t touch any of the wine since then. Colleen and Gemma were chugging the shit out of it. I noticed Gemma pouring the last of it into her cup. 
During this game, Gen, of course, ended up in Rhys’s lap, so Colleen slid over to Gen’s seat. Gemma was pressed against me and when she noticed that, I grabbed her knee. I wanted to keep her beside me. I needed to reinforce my mental fortitude in preparation for whatever these nosey fuckers had in store for me. 
“Tell Gemma how you really feel about her.” My mouth dropped open.
“That’s not a dare; that’s a truth.” 
“I make the rules,” Colleen slurred. 
“No,” I felt Gemma moving away from me. 
“It’s a demand, not a question; so technically speaking, it is a dare,” Gen said, acting as referee of this tortuous game.
“But it’s not an action.” 
“Isn’t it?” Rhys countered, “or you’d do it.” That fucking bastard! 
I slid out of the hot tub. “Forget this,” I said as I walked away. I refused to put up with their made-up rules any longer. They seemed to fuck me over at every turn.
Walking into the house, I realized I shared a room with my brother. I changed and left to hide in Gemma’s room, the only room I truly felt comfortable in. She wouldn’t mind. 
A few minutes later, I heard the screen door slam and everyone came in. Shoving my headphones into my ears and raising the volume until it was almost too loud to bear, I lay on Gemma’s bed, staring at the ceiling. 
She looked down at me, “What are you doing in here?” she asked, pulling her towel tighter around herself.
“Hiding.” 
“Can’t you do it somewhere else?” I shrugged. Sure, I could have said yes, admitting I could, but this had become my favorite spot in the entire house. 
“Let me stay.” Sighing dramatically, she walked into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. I could just imagine what she was doing in there. I groaned when my cock started to harden with that delicious thought. I threw my earbuds back in, using my will power to ease the throbbing ache in my shorts. The shower came on and I almost lost it. I raised the volume until I couldn’t hear the sound of the water, or picture her naked again. 
I should have left. The smart, rational part of me kept screaming to get the fuck out of there. I just couldn’t move. The earbuds fell out of my ears and I stared at the door, immobilized, fighting with myself. Fuck, when did I ever have any self-control? I locked her bedroom door and entered her bathroom. 
She jumped, trying to cover herself while yelling at me to get out. I couldn’t really hear her, unfortunately. Just like before, the sight of her without any clothing made me forget the English language. As well as my name. And everything else, but the urge to take her. My mind could only process one thing and that was to own her. 
“Not in your life,” I said, pulling off my shirt. 
“Liam. No!” she responded, until she abandoned all propriety and let her hands hold the glass door tightly closed. She was so beautiful. I swear, God probably patted himself on the back for doing such a good job when he made her. Her legs went on for miles and she had a flat belly. That perfect mix of good genes along with the ridiculous amounts of cardio exercises were very much in evidence. Her tits were perfect too: not too big and not too small, just large enough that it became another part of her that completely obsessed me. Her wet, blonde waves rested at the tops of her full, plump breasts. 
I pulled the door open with little effort, and she backed into the corner of the shower before closing her eyes. I pressed her against the wall and kissed her. I fucking needed this. I needed a release, and Gemma was the only one I wanted to give that to me. All of her formal resistance and fight were gone. Hearing her softly moan pushed me even further. Her hands disappeared into my hair as I picked her up and wrapped those mile-long legs around my waist. Her head fell back and she moaned out loud when my cock grazed her eagerly waiting entrance. 
“Say yes, Gemma,” I whispered, looking at her and waiting for her eyes to open and respond.
“Yes.” She was staring me straight in the eyes as I pushed into her, hard. Fuck, why did she feel so wonderful? I closed my eyes, trying to memorize every sensation. My body had finally found its home. Inside, Gemma was like nothing I ever experienced with any other girl, and there were plenty of other girls. Her nails dug into my shoulders as an orgasm jolted through her. I kept pushing. Man, why did this shit have to end?  It all hit me pretty hard, and pushed me over the edge as well. Gemma dropped her legs. She was panting, and her arms were still wrapped around me. She was watching me closely. Probably waiting for me to ruin the moment. 
This time, however, I was ready. The first time we were together was a shock to my entire system. This time, I knew what to expect. I kissed her. 
“Don’t kick me out,” I pleaded as I lowered my lips to her neck. She grabbed my shoulders tightly. 
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” Looking into those toasted almond eyes, I felt something building in my chest. 
“Once I clean you up, we are not leaving that bed tonight. I don’t care if your dad comes back or tries to break down the door.” She nodded, watching me lather up my hands as I started washing her, paying extra attention to the parts that made her beg for more.
“Now it’s your turn,” she smiled, giving me the same treatment. “Looks like you’re ready for round two,” she commented as I swiftly thickened in her grasp. 
“Round three, round four… Bring it,” I said, capturing her mouth with mine. My tongue delved into her mouth. She continued kissing me even when I swept her up, still soaking wet, and came out of the bathroom. Dropping her onto the bed, she laughed and I couldn’t help thinking how right this all seemed. Had I ever had sex just because I wanted to show the girl how I felt? Had I ever felt something for any of the girls I slept with?
“What does this mean…” I shut her up by pushing her legs open and swirling my tongue around her clit. She moaned with pleasure, effectively ending any conversation we might have been having. Her taste was all Gemma. She already managed to ruin strawberries for me, and now she would forever ruin oral sex for me too. Gemma. It could only be her, I told myself. I watched her climax and smiled when she moaned my name in the process. Even the way she said my name did funny things to my insides. 
I kissed her and she pushed me back. “You’re playing dirty.” She pouted, and it took all my resistance not to bite that bottom lip of hers. Her tongue slid down my chest, and down my abs. I groaned when she hit the jackpot. She took all of me. Most girls couldn’t do that without gagging, but my girl could. I watched her, increasingly becoming more fascinated and aroused by the masterful techniques Gemma employed. 
Eventually, snapping out of my lust haze, I pulled her mouth off me. I would not come inside her mouth. That would’ve wasted a perfectly good time inside her. I needed to be inside her again. My dick was begging for her undivided attention. She began to straddle me, sitting down and driving me deep inside her. I instantly knew why she felt like no one else. 
“I’m on the pill.” 
“But?” Fuck! I didn’t care. Who was I kidding? Why not knock up two girls? At least one of them I could happily marry and impregnate many more times. “You sure?” 
She nodded and that was all the reassurance I needed.
She fell asleep wrapped in my arms. Her head rested on my chest and her soft snores made me love how perfectly imperfect she was.
My mind could think of nothing, but her. It hit me hard. I didn’t realize that I started calling her my girl and the girl I could marry. There was no more doubt. I was in love with Gemma. She was better than any adrenaline high I’d ever gotten on stage. She was better than any drug. And the most toxic of them all. Only she had the power to completely destroy me. 
Watching her while mentally repeating I was in love with her almost gave me a panic attack. I had never been in love before. Hell, I felt sure I was incapable of love. How could I offer someone like Gemma love? How could I love someone when I wasn’t even sure what it felt like?
Flashes of me breaking her heart again soon had me extricating myself from the comfort of her bed and going to the bathroom.
“Get a grip.” I tried for a pep talk in the mirror. My heart was pounding hard, and it felt ready to break through my ribcage and tear a hole in my chest cavity. I tried to regulate my breathing with a calming breath, but I was too shaky and erratic. It sounded like the pounding of drums when Colleen developed a beat to a new song. 
“You love her. You can make this work.” Doubt was my biggest problem. Did I really just have eyes for Gemma? Or, once we returned to our normal life, would I return to my old ways and former habits? Sure. I told her she’s all I could see, but was that me just spouting off a line? Or was I saying the truth?
The image of her crying over my being an asshole again, did it. I got dressed and bolted. Taking my phone out, I called Colt. 
“Man, I need to get the fuck out of here.” I said when he answered the phone. “Pick me up, okay? I’ll be at a bar called Sailor’s Delight in Chatham.”
“You okay, bro?” 
I sighed, “No, I’m not okay,” I answered honestly. I looked back at the house, specifically, Gemma’s bedroom. This was for the best. It wouldn’t hurt as much if I left now as it would later. She was better off without me. 
“I’m getting in my car now. GPS says it’ll be two hours.” 
“I’ll be there,” I replied starting the long trek to the bar.

12: “Lie To Me” The Wanted
Gemma

Rolling over, I discovered my bed was empty. I stretched. Last night was… Whoa! I couldn’t keep the smile off my face. Liam and I were finally there. Sure, we still had some technicalities to work out, but I saw the change in him. He wanted to be with me.
 I looked around, hoping he was still close by, and shrugged, thinking he probably snuck off to his room when he heard our parents come home. Everything felt sore, but it was a delicious soreness, and one I would happily live with if it meant having a part of Liam. He had been so different. Had he finally realized there was something special between us? Or that I was special to him? What would Boston be like when we both returned? I showered and dressed, bouncing down the stairs in a great mood, and came to a halt when I saw everyone standing around. Our parents were probably still sleeping since they came in so late.
“What’s up?” I asked. Nothing could deter my fabulous mood, not even the grim expression on the faces of Gem, Coll, and Rhys.
“Liam left last night,” Gen said, coming towards me and squeezing my shoulder. 
“What?” I asked. My heart dropped to my stomach. “Why would he leave?” I demanded. Colleen shook her head, trying not to cry, and Rhys looked like he was ready to ground his teeth into sawdust. “But… I… we… why?” I asked again, suddenly feeling totally unable to process it. 
My heart refused to accept him leaving like that. How could he leave me after everything he said? I kept hoping it was some horrible joke, and he would pop out any second, yelling, “Surprise!” 
“Colt picked him up last night. He said he called him because he was a mess, and begged Colt to pick him up because he couldn’t stay here any longer,” Colleen replied. I sank down onto the bottom stair, letting her explanation register. She sat down beside me and hugged me. I tried to breathe, but it hurt. It hurt so badly, my eyes welled with tears, but I blinked them back. Liam Moore could not make me cry again. “It’s okay.” Colleen soothed, still hugging me. Rhys stood quietly still, his jaw clamped shut.
“I’m gonna kick his ass!” Gen snapped. “How could he…” She didn’t finish the sentence as she knelt on the floor in front of me. “What do you need, Gemma?” Seeing her brown eyes, identical to mine, filling with tears was all it took. I started crying and it soon became never ending. Genevieve and Colleen continued hugging me, trying to say soothing things to stop me from crying. Looking up through blurry eyes, I saw Rhys walking out with his phone latched to his ear. 
It hurt in the worst way. When I was hurt and broken-hearted over Bryant, I thought I couldn’t bear it at times. But this was so much worse. My throat was clogged with tears and the pain in my chest just seemed to worsen with each passing second. He left me! He was not even willing to take a chance on me. That’s because I was never worth the risk. No one else ever believed in me, or thought I was worth risking a relationship for; why would Liam be any different?
When the girls decided I was sufficiently consoled, they pulled me into the kitchen and sat me at the counter with a fresh pint of Ben & Jerry’s, the official medication for breakups. 
“I’m going to see what Rhys knows, Coll,” she said, shaking her head in my direction. Colleen sat beside me. 
“He’s an ass. The second he started to feel anything real, he ran,” Colleen said before scooping a giant spoonful of my Chunky Monkey ice cream. 
“No, Coll, you’re wrong. He ran because he didn’t feel anything. I’m the reason he ran.” She shook her head, but I saw the doubt in her eyes. “I really thought he could change and…” I stopped. I didn’t dare admit what last night meant to me. I saw it as the turning point, the chance to prove everyone wrong. We were supposed to work. He was supposed to love me back, and he didn’t. He was still the same Liam. I was an idiot for believing a guy like him could change. These were the consequences I had to pay for giving my heart to a manwhore. Heartache. I closed my eyes as another deluge of tears overcame me. 
“He warned me and I didn’t listen,” I said, as Coll just patted my shoulder. “He told me in a song.” I whispered, remembering the lyrics playing in my head. I wish I could give you my love and my soul. But inside my chest there is nobody home. He was right. There was nothing, but a black hole, a vacuum, sitting in his chest. “You know, that is exactly why I didn’t want to have anything to do with him. I knew it would interfere with Gen and Rhys.” I choked out a sob. “I’m such an idiot.”

Rhys
“You better answer the damn phone, Liam.” I snapped, threatening his voicemail for what seemed like the thousandth time. Gen wrapped her arms around my waist, trying to calm me, but it was no use. I should have dragged his sorry ass out of her room the second I realized he was in there. I let them handle the situation as if they were adults, but in usual Liam fashion, he fucked it all up. Now, there was a broken-hearted girl sitting in the kitchen because my brother didn’t know how to keep it in his pants. Or value the importance and rarity of receiving a girl’s sincere love.  What an asshole! What I would do to him if he was here right now. I groaned in frustration wanting to punch something, preferably my brother.
“Relax. He’ll call. I’m sure he’s still sleeping,” Gen replied, already defending that asshole after everything he did to her sister.
“Did you see Gemma?” I countered. “He used her. He knew she had strong feelings for him, and he just used her.” 
“That’s Liam,” she answered sadly. “She’s a big girl. She’ll get through it. I’m going to stay a little longer after you guys leave, just to distract her.” She bit her lip for a second as she thought about something. 
“I’ve never seen her so upset,” Gen admitted sadly, and it made me want to punch my dumb brother all over again. 
“Do you think she…” Gen’s eyes widened in disbelief.
“No! She… fuck! I’m going to kick your brother’s ass,” she finished. She must have realized the same thing I did. Gemma was in love with Liam. I had a sneaking suspicion that was exactly what made him run. “How do we ask her about that? Do you think she said something that made him run the first chance he got?”
“For Liam’s sake, I hope he has a really fucking good excuse.” Gen nodded her attention every now and then, before returning to her sister in the kitchen. I saw her concern and it pissed me off even more that someone I loved could be so reckless and leave so much pain in his wake. How could he not realize what he’d done?
“Call him again,” Gen prodded. I rolled my eyes; I had already called him a dozen times, beginning right after Colleen woke Gen and me up to tell me she got a text from Colt saying he picked up Liam. He hadn’t taken any of his shit. Or left a note. Nothing. He just bolted. 
I listened to the phone ring, waiting for him to answer. This time, surprisingly, he did. His voice sounded like sandpaper when he said hello. 
“You better have a fucking good excuse for bolting last night!” 
“Shit.” I heard a voice in the background. 
“Liam, I think I’m going to kill you if that is another girl. Yes, I’m going to kill you.” Gen’s eyes widened in disbelief. She shook her head, looking just as heartbroken as her twin. 
“What the hell is wrong with you?” 
“I had to get out,” he replied, muffling his voice. “Get the fuck out! This isn’t IHOP, get your own food,” he yelled at the whining girl in his apartment. My fists balled up at my side. 
“You better start fucking explaining.” 
“Gemma happened. I’m… Rhys, you win. I’m in love with her.” My shoulders sagged. That might have qualified as a good excuse.
“Why aren’t you here then? Why are you with someone else?”
“Because she deserves better than me. Ella’s pregnant. I would never be able to stay faithful to her. I already hooked up with someone else. I’m totally pathetic.” His words hurt. Did he really believe that? Where was all his confidence when he needed it most? I never realized the depths of self-loathing Liam harbored. Did he really think he was unworthy of love? 
“I’m coming back tonight. You really fucked up, Li.”
“What else is new?” he replied. 
“You didn’t just mess up your life this time, you messed up Gemma’s. You broke her heart.” A string of profanities followed. 
“I thought if I left now she wouldn’t be upset. It was just…”
“Liam, you really messed up! I’ll be there soon,” I snapped, walking back to the house.
“Yeah, whatever,” he said before hanging up. 
“So?” Gen asked when I hung up the phone. 
“He needs me.” Gen nodded. “He’s my brother.” 
“I know. I’m going to stay and take care of my sister. Take my car,” she suggested before handing me the keys. 
“Thanks,” I replied. I was going to kiss her, but she turned her head and I kissed her cheek instead. 
I mentally added that to the mile-long list of shit Liam now became responsible for. 
“I’ll see you soon and we will work this shit out. I’ll call you when I get to Boston,” I added before going into the house to pack both Liam’s and my shit. 
I still hadn’t processed what Liam said. He loved Gemma. 
So why was I here packing? We should have been having a ball. Gem and he, Colleen, Gen and I. How could he possibly justify leaving her if he loved her? I had a hard time justifying my separation from Gen just to take care of my boneheaded brother. 

13: “I Miss You” Blink 182
Liam

The obnoxious brunette finally dragged her ass out of my apartment. My head hurt. My chest hurt. I ruined it all, and for what? What was wrong with me? I missed Gemma so much already and it had only been a few hours. The empty silence began eating at my soul. I needed the taste of strawberries again. I needed those beautiful, honey eyes to look up at me, filled with unadulterated love, to see through me, and realize the love I felt for her too. I needed her to show me that I could be loved, and deserved love, but I was a pussy. I ran the second I saw a chance at having something good. 
The worst part of it was there was no way to fix it. There weren't enough apologies in the world that could remedy the mess I made. Rhys was pissed, and they would all be pissed because my fuckups didn’t just affect me this time. I broke her heart. That was the one thing I feared even more than becoming a father. I did exactly what I never wanted to do, and in the process, smashed my own damn heart. Because even though I sat in my apartment, my chest was empty. My heart was firmly clamped in Gemma’s grasp whether she realized it or not. It was a hundred or so miles away, clutched in the palm of her hand. 
My phone started ringing and I wasn’t in the mood for another lecture from Rhys. Looking down, I saw it was Ella. God, couldn’t that bitch take a hint?
“What?” I barked. 
“S… so… sorry,” she started, no doubt, caught off guard by my rudeness. “I just wanted to make sure you weren’t planning to come to the appointment with me.” 
“Sorry, can’t; too busy,” I replied, lying in bed and staring at the ceiling. 
 Yeah, at the Cape with my best friend,” she countered heatedly. 
“Scuse me?” I snapped. My rage took over. “Let me get something through that thick, fucking skull of yours, Ella. We are never going to happen. Whether you have my kid or not. I will never, ever be with you again.” I heard her choking back a sob, but I didn’t care. “What I do with any other woman is none of your fucking business! And if you start harassing Gemma with that shit, things will get very ugly.” I felt like an asshole as soon as I heard her sniffles over the line.  
“You are such a cold bastard. I hate you!” she screeched as she hung up the phone. It was a day full of hatred, so why not add one more person to the list?
Closing my eyes, which ached at the morning sunlight, I regretted last night all over again. I tried to drown out everything that happened. My precious few moments with Gemma. Then drinking more than I ever drank in my life at that dive bar. Riding home with Colt, only for him to take me to a party where I met that whining brunette, whose name I didn’t remember, or care to remember.
 I brought her back to my new apartment that I shared with no one. That was so fucking nice. Living alone. I lived a year with Colt and a year with Trent. Colt drove me up the fucking wall with his incessant drinking. Trent was good, but the bastard never left the house. He studied, or visited his little brother, or went to gigs, or worked. Talk about a dull existence! I knew he had a lot of personal shit he was dealing with; but still! Didn’t he need a release? Everyone deserved to have fun. I needed my own space and some time not to worry about people coming over when I didn’t want them to. A quiet place was always required for me to write songs. This apartment gave me all of that. Except now, it seemed so empty that it felt like a mausoleum. The silence screamed at me to do something. Anything, really. I just couldn’t figure out how to move. Much less, how to fix the mess I made with not just Gemma, but everyone else. 
The pounding on my front door yanked me out of my dark thoughts. 
I groaned and made my way over to answer it. This hangover shit was for the birds. How could people do that to themselves regularly? I opened the door and Rhys punched me in the gut as a greeting.
“What the fuck, man!?” I complained while doubling over in pain. He walked in and slammed the door shut behind him.
“Be happy that’s all I did,” he grumbled as he walked further into my apartment. “You didn’t have to tell Gemma you bolted. You didn’t have to console three of the only females that believed wholeheartedly in you, or deal with their disappointment. Oh, and if you haven’t guessed already, they were all upset, but not by your leaving. It’s because you ran away. I don’t know what you told Gemma, or why Colleen idolizes you and still thinks you can be saved, but they believe a hell of a lot more in you than you do yourself.”
Man, I couldn’t even look at my brother, I had done that? “What do you want me to say?” I replied, feeling like a complete bag of shit for what I did. I was still trying to come up with ways to fix it, although it sounded like it might be too late.  Nothing could make this right ever again. Hello, Rock-bottom.
“I want you to say you’re going to fix this shit. That you meant what you said, and you’re going to not only prove Gemma right, you’re going to substantiate the trust that Colleen and Gen invested in you. And demonstrate to me that I didn’t waste my trust in you either. You’re better than that,” he said, sinking into my second-hand futon, which served as a couch.  
“Oh, I meant it, but I broke her heart. There’s only so many times I can hurt that girl before she smartens up.”
“You’re right,” Rhys said with a wicked gleam in his eyes. “That’s why I’m going to kick your ass until I think you’re ready to handle a relationship.”
I snorted, “What the fuck does that mean?”
“It means you need to work on you if you ever plan on getting your girl back!” He replied, already exasperated with my idiocy. For once, my know-it-all brother made a good point. I had to stop doubting that I deserved her. I loved her and I had to start believing I was good enough for her. Good enough that she’d forgive me and love me back.  If I kept thinking I wasn’t good enough for her, it could never work. I would always look for another reason to run. That was only fucking me over in the end. 
“What do I need to do?” I asked seriously. 
“Thank God!” Rhys said, falling back on the sofa and starting to relax. “I thought I would literally have to kick your butt before you agreed.”
“Like you could even do that, old man,” I challenged. 
He raised an eyebrow. “If my memory serves me well, when we wrestled as kids, I kicked your ass one hundred percent of the time.” 
I waved him off and went into my small galley kitchen. The fridge sat on a tiny patch of tile between the kitchen and living room. Opening the fridge, I pulled out the orange juice carton and took a long chug. Rhys looked at me, not hiding his disgust. 
“What’s step one?” 
That seemed to excite Rhys, if his devious smirk were any indication of my impending suffering. “Step one is the easiest. Be a good father to Ella’s kid.” 
“Done. I already promised that to Gemma. I may hate Ella, but I would never break my promise to Gemma,” I confided, finally seeing a silver lining to Ella. 
He shook his head in disbelief. “I’m impressed you told her.” I gave him an incredulous look. I loved her; why wouldn’t I tell her? “She handle it well?”
“Yeah, she just wanted me to be there for the baby. She didn’t think any less of me; she just accepted it. Nothing really shocks her, and that’s what I love about her,” I said as my head dropped to slam into the fridge. The longer I thought about Gemma, the more my boneheaded decision bit me in the ass. 
Rhys smiled, “We’re gonna fix this. I’m not only staking your relationship on this, I’m putting mine on the line too. So take this seriously.” 
Looking at my brother, for the first time all day, I saw what he put on the line for my being a jackass. I saw how my rash decision didn’t affect just Gemma and me, but also Colleen and Gen. Even Colt and Trent could be affected once they were drawn into the mix. As I stood agape, watching Rhys, I felt truly grateful to have a brother like him. He was here to help me get Gemma back, despite how it may have jeopardized his relationship with Gen. Guilt: that feeling didn’t sit well with me. It was the reason Gemma pushed me away and made me hate my life.  
“You’ve got my word, Rhys. This is going to work. I will do anything and everything. Tell me step two.”
“This is going to be the hardest, but you need to prove this to yourself, or you’ll always be afraid.” He didn’t continue, but just stared at me expectantly like I already knew what it was.
The silence got to me and I may have shouted at him. “Spit it out!”
“You need a period of celibacy.” I closed my eyes, letting those words sink in. The longest I’d been celibate in the last five years was no more than a few days. This was for Gemma. In the end, it would mean I could have Gemma again. She’s all I really wanted. “I know it’s hard for you at shows, and the girls are relentless, but I’ll help you, and Coll and Trent will help too. We’ll keep you on track,” Rhys added, seeing the fear on my face. I doubted I was capable of accomplishing that. “I think maybe if Trent or Coll moves in with you, it might relieve some tension.” I gave him a dark look. 
“I combed through this fucking city for months looking for an affordable apartment. I finally got it. Where would I house another person?”
He looked at the closed door to the room that was too small for a bedroom so I turned it into a studio. My keyboard and guitar sat nice and pretty in there with half-finished songs and sheet music strewn everywhere. “You want me to give up my studio?” I asked, suffering physical pain at the prospect.
“It’s for Gemma.” I closed my eyes. He knew how to hit me right where it hurt. 
“Fine, I’ll talk to Trent,” I grumbled. 
“Do you think you can do that?” Rhys asked. 
“Talk to Trent? Of course.” I shrugged, falling on the futon and grabbing the remote wedged under my ass. 
“No, stop having sex with groupies?” he corrected me with a pointed look.
“I sure as hell plan to try.” 
Rhys nodded, apparently satisfied with my answer. 
“Step three. Come up with the saddest, most heartfelt apology you can possibly think of.” I looked at my brother like he’d grown an extra head. How the hell was I supposed to do that?
“Easier said than done,” I moaned before flipping the television on. He yanked the remote out of my hand with a glare, and motioned me toward my studio, the one that would only be all mine for a few more measly days. 

14: “Sad” Maroon 5
Gemma

Nothing made me feel better. I went back to doing exactly what I’d done the entire summer, but now, it felt hollow. Sitting by the pool retained my attention for all of ten minutes. Backstreet Boys, NSYNC, One Direction, and everything else on my iPhone just couldn’t soothe me anymore. They all reminded me of him. Either heartache or love, they were two things I had become too acutely aware of. Two things that heralded a never-ending downward spiral toward Liam. 
After spending most of the last two days trying to find any kind of music that didn’t bring Liam to mind, I got was the distinct impression that music was forever ruined for me. He managed to ruin things I didn’t even know existed. Just hearing a drum, a guitar, a smooth voice, a sad word, a piano, and I was done. Music didn’t exist without those things, sadly. Even female vocalists couldn’t fill the slot for music that was just mine and hadn’t been tainted with him… or with us.
Colleen and her parents left today. After enduring an uncomfortable explanation of why both boys left, they spent the last two days without my miserable company. I couldn’t stomach anymore of their pitying looks for the entire trip. Gen stepped up and entertained them all when I barely moved out of bed. I barely ate. I barely flinched. 
We never told my dad what happened, which, I guess, was for the best. He would have just gone on about how awful Liam was, and I really didn’t need to hear that right now. I just wanted to move on and forget Liam ever existed. I wanted to forget how dumb I was to think I could change another person so radically. It was a mistake, and one I’d be living with for a while. 
I turned over in my bed, trying to get back to sleep. I hadn’t slept much during the last few days while staying in the confines of my room. Maybe it was just the room. I seemed to get no reprieve from my dark thoughts, even sleep refused to comfort me. I changed the sheets the same day to avoid any reminders that he was ever there, but that just obliterated all the sex. It didn’t help me forget him sitting beside me, or listening to music. Or our shower together. Oh, God! Turn off, brain!
“Wake up, sleepy head,” Gen chimed happily before sitting on my bed. The biggest irony? Gen was always the sad twin. I was invariably the one offering banal pick-me-ups and striving for encouraging words that might motivate her to get out of bed. Suddenly, the tables had turned, and she was the one doing anything she could to get me out of bed. “I have a Skinny Caramel Macchiato waiting for you,” she teased. Damn her and my love of Starbucks Turning over, I looked at her, and saw she didn’t appear as happy as she sounded. She was putting on a strong face for me. I knew she missed Rhys. They hadn’t been separated even once since they started dating. I swear, sometimes I thought they were conjoined twins, attached by their mouths.
She held out her arms and I took them, allowing her to pull me out of bed. She groaned with my dead weight, almost falling onto the bed beside me. We weren’t particularly big; we both topped out at five-four and weighed in at a hundred and fifteen pounds, give or take a few, owing to Gen’s love for chocolate. When she finally pulled me into a sitting position, she sat beside me. 
“Remember that time you made me go out even though I wanted to do anything but?”
“Yeah,” I grumbled. 
Her phone started playing One Direction. She beamed and began to sing along while waving her arms around until she made me crack a smile. 
“Good, now I have your first event in mind.” I groaned my response and fell flat on my bed. 
“No MMRD. It’s the internship farewell dinner. You’ll be back in Boston. Hopefully, you can handle seeing Rhys,” she added coolly, but I saw the pained look in her eyes. I didn’t want to interfere with them. I’d hide whatever I could to make her feel secure in her relationship with Rhys again. I loved my sister too much to let her risk losing the best thing that ever happened to her. 
“I don’t want to be a third wheel.”
“You won’t; you’re going with Bryant.” She said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. I rolled my eyes at the ceiling, and Gen didn’t miss it. 
“I saw that,” she replied. 
“Bryant is a jerk.”
“I’ve worked with him all summer. He’s trying very hard.” 
“So? What? He can’t find his own date?”
Genevieve huffed, obviously exasperated with my comments. 
“He’s doing this to help you out. You and Bryant used to get along great until…” She trailed off, trying to think of an exact moment.
“You started dating him,” I finished for her. She gave me another look. 
“Is there something I’m missing?” she asked seriously. I knew one day I’d tell her, but this just didn’t seem like the right time.  How do you confess what an awful sibling you were when your sister is doing everything she can to help you?
Closing my eyes, I knew I had to do it. I had to say it. “I dated Bryant for years.” Gen’s eyes widened with shock, and her jaw dropped slightly open. “Almost all of high school; it was before we bonded, and before he did all those awful things. I would never do that to you now. I love you, Gen. Stop looking at me like that,” I pleaded turning away. She had that faraway, sad look I knew too well. The devastating fear that she would leave me too started to take over; I started to apologize again and again hoping she’d say anything to reassure me.
Lying flat beside me, she replied, “We are sisters. I don’t care what happened in the past because you are a good person. You were there when I needed you most, and have been ever since. Nothing else matters.” 
“I’m sorry,” I replied, trying to blink away tears, “I never want to hurt you.” 
“We’re good, Gem,” she said, giving me a one-armed hug. 
“So… this dinner? What kind of music are we talking about?”
“Daddy’s favorite.” she joked. 
“A string quartet?” I groaned and she nodded. “That’s what I feared!”
“It’s been two days; are you up for returning to Boston?” she asked. I shrugged. School would start in a few weeks. I could finish the apartment and my bedroom, and maybe even get my school stuff situated. Finally, I could find new places to go that didn’t involve MMRD. 
“I can go. I know you just want me to drive, so you don’t have to drive back with Dad and his NPR.” You think someone with a media company would have invested in top forty radio, but I guess that’s why Dad pays people to do that for him. 
“OMG, I can’t take two hours of that.” I laughed. Having Gen around made me feel lighter, like my heart wasn’t as fragile as it felt. She seemed to know exactly what to say to change my mood, which I was very grateful for. I needed to stay distracted. It wasn’t like me to just lie down and wallow in my misery. I was never miserable before. 
“Leave tomorrow?” 
She nodded and sat up. “I want to show you something,” she said before opening her phone. I could only pray it wasn’t another song intended to lift my mood. 
She clicked a bit. The annoying clicking sound was still on her iPhone despite me turning it off thousands of times before. 
She opened up a video and I shook my head before it even started. 
“Don’t play that, Gen,” I begged. 
“It’s for you.” 
“Gen, please,” I choked out, staring as the screen started. 
Liam looked at the camera with a sad smile that made my chest instantly tighten. “When I started singing, I vowed I would never, ever sing love songs, or any of that sappy, sad shit.” 
“Please,” I breathed, closing my eyes. Gen must have seen me beginning to crumble. 
“Okay, you’re not ready for that.” She hugged me again. “Let’s go to the pool and hang out with Mom,” she suggested. 
“Okay, give me a second to change,” I answered, actually trying to stand up on my trembling legs. I felt like a newborn doe as I hobbled to the bathroom. 
I waited for Genevieve to leave my room before walking back out a lot more forcefully and grabbing my phone. Sliding through all my videos, I found the video Gen wanted to show me. 
It was Liam again with his sad face that tugged at my heart strings painfully. He repeated that crap about never singing love songs. “You see, everyone, there’s this girl and I messed up. I messed up real bad with her. She deserves so much better than me, but I’m too selfish to let her go. This song is for her. Forgive me.” He stared at the camera as Colleen started playing the keyboard. Then he began to sing directly to me, shattering all the weak defenses I erected against him. Eventually, everyone joined in the chorus of “Sad” by Maroon 5. His eyes were pleading with the camera the entire time. I could even see the tears welling. He continued to sing that he never told me the words I needed to hear. I broke down. The useless duct tape wrapped around my heart did nothing to prevent it from shattering all over again. I felt like nothing could fix this now. No one could fix me. He destroyed me and I did nothing to stop him. I let him break me. I let him even though I knew this was always the way it would end. I threw my phone in frustration, and hoped it would smash, but it landed on my bed with a dull thump. 
Trying to regulate my erratic breathing, I changed into my swimsuit like I promised Gen. I washed my face with cold water, and hoped I didn’t look like I was crying. 
Grabbing my phone, I walked out and plastered a fake smile on my face. My thoughts still kept straying back to Liam. He may have felt bad for leaving me, but it didn’t matter. I learned my lesson. Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. There would never be a third time for him to hurt me. He not only persuaded me to sleep with him once, but twice. No matter how amazing it was, the consequences weren’t worth it. If he couldn’t change, I refused to be bothered by anything that involved him. 
Just as I hit the end of the staircase, my phone rang. It was Ella. Her drama was not what I wanted to hear, especially when I was avoiding the sole person she talked about.
“Hello?” I asked, not too pleased with her either. 
“Did you see the new MMRD video? Liam apologized!” she squealed. I didn’t burst her bubble. Who would it help if I told her that song was about me? Hell, I didn’t even know if it really were about me, so I suppose I could have been just as naive as Ella.  It was Liam for all I knew he had several girls this song applied to and we were all falling for the same weak lines. “He doesn’t love me, I get that; but he feels bad for not being there for me. He wants to fix his mistakes. That was the sweetest apology ever.” She was sealed off in her own world. Who was I to burst her delusional bubble?
“I’m coming back to Boston tomorrow.”
“Oh, great! I’ve missed you so much, Gem. We should do lunch. You, me, and maybe you can drag Gen away from Rhys long enough.”
“I’ll tell her about it; we are about to go for a swim. Talk to you later.”
“Oh, okay,” she replied, a trace of dejection in her tone.
I hung up. It hadn’t hit me until I told Ella I was going back to Boston, where he was. I shook that thought away. It was stupid. I needed to get over Liam, and fast. He broke my heart, which meant we were history. That chapter was over and I needed to move on with my life. I never waited around for any guy before, and I sure as hell wouldn’t start with him. Even if he were the first guy that ever… 
Nope! Stop thinking that, Gemma. Love gets you nowhere. 

 15: “I’m A Mess” Ed Sheeran
Liam

One week. That’s how long it’s been since I left the Cape. Since I left Gemma. I was shit lately. Everyone knew it. Colt was on me, complaining how I was ruining our band because every cover I did ended up being dedicated to Gemma. I didn’t care; I wanted my girl back. It wasn’t like our fans were protesting the change. In fact, we were getting more hits than before, and all because we slowed it down once in a while. 
I was preparing for my first live gig since I left Gem. Rhys was hoping Gen would bring Gemma along who apparently came back with Genevieve. That bubble, however, was promptly burst by Gen, herself. She came alone. She gave me a shrug, saying it was out of her control. I should have expected it. Why would she come? Especially after knowing I would be performing? I would have avoided it like the plague if I were she. 
It still hurt. I didn’t even know if she saw the two YouTube videos I dedicated to her. What more did she want from me? I gave her everything I had, but it still wasn’t enough. That thought made my stomach turn. Was this really it? Had I screwed up so bad that it wasn’t fixable? 
Colleen sat beside me, her hair a new shade of neon purple this week. “Ready?” she asked sweetly. I knew she was upset with what I did, but she never let on that she was. I could tell by the way she avoided all of it; and any time I wanted to do something for Gemma, she’d talk me out of it. The last video, she simply said, “Maybe instead of fighting so damn hard to get her back, you should have held on.” It was a quiet jab, but it still hurt, especially coming from my baby sister. Wasn’t she supposed to be on my side?
The worst part, however, was knowing Colleen had seen Gemma several times since she came back. Everyone got to see Gemma, but me. It fucking sucked; and I didn’t care how selfish that made me. I wanted to know how she was dealing with everything. 
Selfish. That characterized my entire relationship with Gemma, even now, but I couldn’t let go, not just yet. I looked across the club again. She was nowhere to be found, but I did see a terrifying sight, Ella. That girl was starting back up with her rapid fire phone calls, beginning a few days ago. I was not about to yell at my baby’s mama again. I simply ignored them all. 
“Ready?” Colt asked. 
“Man,” I just sighed pathetically. I couldn’t seem to round up enough energy to do anything except the band stuff.  
“I don’t like seeing you like this. What’s ya problem?” he countered, sounding irritated and more Boston Native. Colt always sucked on his lip ring when he held back what he really wanted to say. He did that now as he glared at me, shaming me to man up and forget all about her.  
I gave him a dark look. “Just stop. I’m not doing this again!” I snapped. Colt and I were at each other’s throats all week. He didn’t agree with anything I did anymore. What kind of fucking best friend was he? 
“She is just a girl. That shit never fazed you before,” he rattled off, just as pissed as he was yesterday and every other time I mentioned her. 
“She’s different,” I repeated just like I had all week. “Gem’s it.” He shook his head, and the dozen or more earrings on his ears jingled as he walked away, clearly fed up with my shit. Me too, bro. 
I walked out, ready to pull “stage Liam” out from wherever he was hiding. 
“I see some sexy ladies out there,” I started with my fully fabricated Irish accent. I lost the real thing years ago, around age eleven, when I decided it was uncool to sound different. After trying my damnedest to lose the accent, little did I know girls would go bananas for it when I grew older. Rhys still had a slight accent, but his was watered down with American slang over the last ten years. Our mother’s accent was still strong and proud, and from where I drew my stage inspiration directly. 
“How ready are you for…” My speech trailed off when I saw her staring out at me with those fucking, puppy dog eyes. My chest tightened. A voice in my head started to scream at me to get to her before she disappeared, but I had a show to do. “The best fucking show of your lives?” I finished. 
I started the first set, but my eyes never left Gemma. Everything about her was practiced and polished. She appeared so prim and proper, like any spoiled, rich girl, but underneath that, she loved to cuss and dance around until everyone stared at her. 
I drank her in, never getting my fill. Each song was tacitly dedicated to her even though they were smutty and talked of one-night-stands. Her long legs wore another pair of heels that screamed fuck me! Those were the only kind of shoes Gemma wore, and I’d be a grateful man if she just gave me the time of day. It also didn’t hurt how they made her ass pop in the short dresses she wore. Tonight, she had on a bright yellow dress, barely covering her pretty, little ass, in usual Gemma fashion. 
She avoided me, conversing with Ella the entire time. Making it through three songs that took for-fucking-ever, I called a small intermission before hopping off stage. I scared the shit out of two girls who were standing too close to the stage. They tried sexying up their screams, but I was already long gone. I didn’t have time for anyone else. 
Gemma stood frozen at the table, looking at anything, but me. Her hand kept tapping the screen on her phone even though the screen was black.
Ella started as soon as she spotted me, wrapping her arm around my waist. 
“Get the fuck off me!” I growled, and her arm fell as fast as her smile. 
“Why are you such a dick?” Gemma snapped. I knew she was pissed, but the look she gave me felt like ice water being poured over my head. Never before had she looked at me with such cold detachment. How could she not miss me as much as I was missing her? You left, you ass! I shook that thought away. If she wouldn’t respond to my sweet side, maybe she preferred me acting like a dick?
“Why the fuck aren’t you returning my calls?” I countered, just as pissed. How could she be mad at me? Hurt, yes. Disappointed, even. But she had no right to be mad.  I’d been trying to make it better since I left. What did she want from me? She stared back and appeared to be fuming. Pink patches started to color her cheeks. It took all my energy and self-control not to reach out and touch her. Self-control was never something I took pride in possessing. Let’s be honest, I never even cared about self-control until Gemma. 
“Gem, what’s he talking about?” Ella asked when we continued to glare at each other. A silent war was being waged. I tried to telepathically send her the right words to make her forgive me, but it was a sorry attempt. I should have been saying it out loud to her, but my mouth just couldn’t utter the words. Here was my big moment and I froze afraid that nothing would change, afraid that the cold would remain in her eyes no matter what I did.
“I’m out of here,” Gemma said, turning and grabbing her phone off the table. 
“No!” I replied, grabbing her hand. She looked down at her hand like I just chopped it off. 
“Let go of me,” she hissed. 
“Talk to me, babe.”  Rolling her eyes, she walked towards me with a new look on her face. She wasn’t hiding the pain anymore. I could see it in her eyes, and also in the tight purse of her lips. All of it was behind her mask. It was so different from the normal Gemma. Something changed her; and it broke my heart. I knew it was all my fault. I broke her. She was so perfect and carefree, and I broke her and taught her how to hate. It was all my fault. I really was a bastard.
“You had it all!” she snapped, hitting my chest so hard, I fell back a step or two, into the small crowd that was forming around us. People were watching, but it didn’t matter, not if I didn’t have Gem. “I believed you and it was all a lie. A. FUCKING. LIE.” She punctuated the last bit with more oomph. She sure did pack a wallop when she got pissed. 
“Gemma, baby,” I said, taking her shoulders. “I’m sorry. Do I need to beg? What? I’ll do it. I never should have left,” I said while pulling her closer to me and wrapping her in my arms, where she belonged. She closed her eyes and tears fell down her face, streaking her makeup.
“Stay away from me!” she sobbed, my heart felt like she was squeezing it, with each word. “Don’t call me. Don’t talk to me. Just stop,” she pleaded, looking me right in the eyes.  And just like that, she left. I was rooted in place, not believing she did not want me to fight for her. I just stood there and watched her leave me again, knowing this time, it was really over. There was no happy ending for me. People as fucked up as me didn’t end up with girls like Gemma. We just ruined them for the good guys that actually deserved them.
Ella stared at me, her silent tears running down her face. “How could you?” she snapped with a shove of her own. “I hope you’re happy, Liam. All you seem to do is ruin people’s lives.” She left without another word, but the heartbreak I saw in her eyes hit me hard and way too close to home. 
I lost it all because I was a selfish bastard. I couldn’t find a silver lining, this time; it was too hard. I know, I never deserved to have a girl like Gemma, and it still killed me to know it would never happen. Mistake. After making the biggest mistake of my life, I knew there were no second chances like in the movies. We were over. History. She wouldn’t fight for us the way I would have. I loved her, but maybe she didn’t love me. If she loved me, she wouldn’t have left me this time. My thinking was warped and sick, but I knew she still loved me. I saw it in her eyes. I couldn’t focus on the fact that I did this to her … to us... to myself. I had to see it in another light before I lost all motivation to do anything but lay in bed feeling sorry for myself for being so damn stupid. 
Tonight was different. I was making an effort and I had hoped she’d see the change in me, but she gave up on me. Without even trying to give us a chance. I thought I was the one afraid to love. I thought I was the one too afraid of losing everything in a relationship. With Gemma, I realized, albeit too late, that none of it mattered. When she was here, she’s all I saw. No girl compared to her. My sorry existence just became a hell of a lot lonelier knowing we would never be together. 
Feeling miserable, I made my way back to the stage. Colleen gave me a hug, which she intended to soothe me, but it only brought the point home more. I could never ever have Gemma. 
On stage, I looked through the crowd, trying to focus on anything that wouldn’t shatter my soul while I performed.  
She was still there. Gemma stood at the door, shaking her head as she talked to Gen, trying to leave but Gen pulled her back. I still loved that spoiled, stubborn girl. Watching her just talking, and knowing she was still there couldn’t break the rush of happiness I felt. I didn’t think there was anything she could do to stop me. Despite her insistence that she never wanted to see me again, she was still here. Still watching me. Was this the biggest fucking game of my life, or what?

16: “Back Here” BBMak
Gemma

I smiled as Bryant handed me a glass of champagne. 
“Thanks,” I mumbled, taking a long sip. I still wasn’t sure how Gen managed to talk me into this. Yet, here I was at the LaFarve Media Internship Dinner, wearing a gorgeous cocktail dress no less, with Bryant on my arm. 
“You’re quiet, Gemmy.” He tried for a joke. Bryant used to call me Gemmy when we were kids and it became his pet name for me when we dated. I glared at him, trying to convey how much I failed to appreciate the pet name. “Have fun, I know you’re down.” His light green eyes met mine. “You and Gen haven’t told me why, but I’m assuming only a guy could get you this down.” 
Another glare in Bryant’s direction just earned a shrug in response. “Let’s dance,” I said before downing the rest of my champagne. Dad hired one of the new vocalists they signed to accompany the strings. She was on some singing reality show, but only came in third. She had enough potential that Dad took a chance, something he rarely did when it came to profit, and actively pursued her until she signed with LaFarve. 
She was a pleasing blend of R&B and jazz that was perfect for an event like this. A classic Etta James song started playing, and Bryant took my hand. He guided me around the floor effortlessly. Bryant was always a great dancer.
In high school, I thought Bryant was such a catch. He had messy, sandy-brown hair, that was neatly swept back tonight, and light green eyes. Feeling too self-conscious in his glasses, he normally wore contacts. I liked his glasses. They reminded me of the Bryant that used to be sweet. Even now, despite it all, he still had a sweet smile that reminded me of when we were kids. He also had two small dimples in his cheeks that endeared him to me, but also firmly cemented how awful some people are. Maybe that was why Rhys was rough around the edges. He had a solid gold heart that only beat for Genevieve. Guys that looked sweet are rarely sweet. Yet, I couldn’t say that was true either. Liam looked and acted like a jerk. You got what you saw with him. Stop thinking about him, I admonished my naughty mind. 
 The Bryant that dated Gen was not the same Bryant we knew our entire lives. They brought out the worst in each other, and I’m not saying it was Gen’s fault. It was never okay to grab my sister, and I gave Bryant a few choice words about those incidents. He eventually realized this summer Gen and he would never be an item. It did wonders for his personality. I doubt I’d ever trust him the way I used to, but I could still befriend him if Gen could, but cautiously. 
“Perk up, Gemmy,” he teased, pulling me close to him. 
“I’m trying,” I retorted sourly. “Maybe you’re just not fun enough.” 
Bryant raised a light eyebrow in challenge. “We’re playing that game, LaFarve?”
“Is there any other?” I asked innocently, and actually smiled for the first time tonight.
We started a friendly banter, back and forth, playfully waiting for the music to change. Rhys and Gen started dancing too. I watched for a moment before pulling myself out of my melancholy.
“I’m gonna ask again; what’s up with you?” Bry inquired. He never showed any concern, which was part of being a politician’s son, I guess, but I noticed the inflection of his voice. He always wore a well-practiced mask and possessed a demeanor of cool detachment, which came out in his voice. When he was feeling sad, excited, or worried, the only thing that gave him away was his voice. 
I sighed, loath to relive another second of what Liam meant to me. Even though I pretended I already moved past it, it was a mental struggle for me to not run back to him and apologize. I loved him, but I loved myself too. He would hurt me again and again. My brain knew it, but my heart just had a hard time accepting the truth. 
“There was a boy. I fell for him and he ended things, right out of the blue. It’s still really recent, and I don’t want to get into it. Okay?” I replied. Bryant just looked at me blankly. I groaned, “Bry, why are you a pain in my ass? I miss him! Are you happy?” He gave me a sad smile before hugging me. 
“I may have been a dick to you, Gemmy, but just like I got Gen to forgive me, you will too.” I rolled my eyes. “There’s a good guy underneath all the anger management shit.”
“Ah! You went back to the therapist!” I joked. 
“Dad’s orders,” he replied, making me laugh. “He prescribed deep breathing exercises and weekly appointments.” 
“Sounds like a blast,” I mocked, knowing how much Bryant hated therapy, although he always improved with it.
“Will you give me a chance?” he asked, looking sincere and sounding so sweet. He knew exactly what I wanted to hear. I liked Bryant; he was familiar, although there were a few surprises at times. I’d never get over how he dumped me for Gen, or how he hurt Gen--no matter how long he had therapy. He would always remain an acquaintance. 
Thankfully, before I had a chance to answer Bryant’s dubious question, Rhys cut in. Looking between the two of them, I didn’t know who was the bigger threat, but Bry smiled as he gave my hand to Rhys. All the decision-making was beyond me.
“Before you argue with me, this isn’t about Liam.” I closed my mouth, letting him continue. “Are you going to forgive me and Colleen?” Rhys asked. His blue eyes were searching my face for a tell, and causing me physical pain. it hurt to see how much he looked like Liam. 
“I’m not upset with either of you,” I began. I was avoiding them for the last two weeks except when Gen invited everyone over to the apartment without my permission. Rhys spun me around dramatically. 
“That’s crap,” he stated. “You haven’t seen Coll since last week. You are only seeing me now because Gen made you come.” He had a point, but I didn’t want to admit it. He danced smoothly despite our conversation. 
“It’s just hard right now,” I complained. 
“We were friends before you knew Liam.” I closed my eyes, trying to ignore the rush of emotions evoked upon hearing Liam’s name. 
“I know that.” 
“Then why is it different now?” 
“It’s not.” He shook his head, not believing me for a second. 
“I’m trying not to put him in the middle of this. Really, but Colleen loves having you and Gen around. You are the girlfriends she never had growing up, because she was always one of the guys. Don’t take that away from her. She likes you and you like her. Why ruin that?”  
“I won’t,” I sniffled. My voice sounded small and childish. I never wanted Colleen to feel bad because of what happened between Liam and me. She was too sweet. I could not hurt her or our friendship. “I’ll do better.” He smiled.
“Thanks, I owe you.” I rolled my eyes. He just guilt-tripped me into hanging with his sister. Spinning me around, he pulled me back in efficiently and added, “Now, about Liam.” 
“No, Rhys,” I said before starting to pull away. He held my hand and waist as we glided along the dance floor. 
“Please, Gem. This is one for the team. Give him another chance. He’s trying.” 
“How can you say that? It’s his fault we aren’t together.”
“I know; and I gave him enough shit for it. He’s changed. He needs you.” 
“I can’t, Rhys. Liam may be all apologetic now, but I fell for that once before. Then there will be another relationship milestone and he will freak out and run again. I would like to put the pieces of my heart together and keep it that way this time. That means staying away from Liam. I don’t want to go on that roller coaster through hell with him again just to be hurt. I deserve better than that. My heart doesn’t deserve being broken.”
“He won’t do that,” Rhys argued, sounding defeated. His blue eyes revealed his frustration. Liam and Rhys shared that in common too. Anything you wanted to know about them was always visible in their eyes. 
“You sound like him.” 
“He’s really changed.” 
 “It’s been two weeks. How much could he possibly change?” I replied, unconvinced.
“As much as night and day,” he answered, sounding more hopeful. “If you want to see it for yourself, he’s playing all week.”
“Rhys,” I complained, “please, just let this go. Be my friend and just let this go. I can’t go back to him,” I choked out as the first telltale signs of tears sprang to life. Hadn’t I cried enough for this man? How could there still be tears? 
“I’m sorry. It’s done. I’m never going to bring him up again, unless you do first.” Rhys was serious as he walked off the floor with me before handing me a new glass of champagne from a wandering waiter. 
I drank it up greedily, needing all the liquid fortitude I could get. 

17: “Sour Candy” Carly Rae Jepson and Josh Ramsey
Liam

“Is Ella home?” I asked when the door to the small townhouse in South Boston opened. She looked like Ella, only older; maybe it was her mother… Or perhaps she had a sister. I didn’t really know much about Ella. This woman and Ella both had the freckles, and the startlingly red hair I actually loved. There was something endearing about red hair. I think I might have grown partial to it because Colleen was a redhead. Wouldn’t it be cool if my kid turned out to be a redhead too? He or she sure had the genes for it. 
“Give me a minute,” the woman said, closing the front door in my face. Rude, much?
A little while later, Ella opened the door, and looked at me for a second, long and hard. 
“What are you doing here?” she asked, making no move to invite me in. 
“You haven’t called, and you haven’t answered my calls,” I replied, feeling like an idiot for being here. 
“Oh? So now you feel like talking to me because Gemma wants nothing to do with you?” she snapped, crossing her arms over her chest defensively. She closed the door behind her and walked down the stairs before sitting on one. I sat down beside her. 
“Ella, I got some shit to tell you; and I don’t want you to be an irrational bitch when I tell you this.” I took a deep breath. “I love Gemma and I will love that kid growing inside you too. I will be there for you the entire time, but you need to understand: I love Gemma. Only Gemma. You and I will never be any more than what we are now. Can you deal with that? Or do you want me to walk away?” 
She started crying like she did every time. Couldn’t I have one conversation with the girl that didn’t end in waterworks? 
“Why her? Do you want to hurt me?” She sobbed into her hands. 
“This isn’t about you. Gem and I just happened. Who knows why? But she’s the only girl I want in my bed. She’s the only girl I will commit to and that will never change. 
“Am I not pretty enough? Not rich enough? What is it?” she begged. I gave her a hug, realizing that love couldn’t be comprehended or controlled. I tried and failed miserably. 
“She is just it. Everything about Gemma calls me. It’s not the way she looks; it’s just her. I can’t describe it; and I’m sorry that I hurt you, Ella. You don’t deserve this crap. I will support any decision you make, if you choose to keep it or not, because it’s your body. I’m here for you.” She started crying harder. Well, damn! There was no winning with her. 
I gave her some time to calm down. When her soft hiccups subsided, I asked about her doctor appointment. She smiled and told me the appointment confirmed she was five weeks pregnant. 
“On my next appointment I can have my first ultrasound.” 
“That’s great; do you want me to go?” 
“Oh, no. It’s weird in the beginning. Maybe when I’m further along,” she replied. I accepted her answer, and didn’t pry into what made her self-conscious. I saw Knocked Up, and knew what happened at those appointments. I may have not been ready for that either.
“I was thinking we could get some books and learn some stuff?” I suggested. I smiled when I glimpsed the small smile she kept trying to hide. 
“I’d like that,” she replied and I guided her to Colleen’s Jeep. She lent me the car while she spent the day shopping with Gemma. I borrowed it, because I wasn’t sure if pregnant chicks could ride motorcycles. When Coll suggested I start looking at child-friendly vehicles, I damn near cried. Could I seriously consider getting rid of my bike? I wonder if they made car seat sidecars? Yeah, like anyone would let me actually use that. I didn’t even have it and I could hear ma reprimanding me.
Colleen didn’t need her car since Gemma had the BMW convertible to drive around in. I wasn’t jealous of Coll. I was happy they could still be friends, even if I were a colossal fuckup that almost ruined that too.
Driving to the nearest bookstore, it took me some time to come up with anything to say. Even small talk eluded me. Ella sat quietly, her hands in her lap, unmoving. Did I ever fail to have anything to say? 
“Have you told your family?” she asked. 
“I’ve only told Rhys and Gemma.” She nodded quietly. 
“So you and Gemma aren’t…” She let her sentence trail off. 
“No, I messed up.” She snorted, probably expecting that answer. 
“Sleep with someone else?” she asked like it was the most logical explanation.
“No, we never even started. I left her when I should have stayed.” I sighed as I parked the car. “Have you told your family yet?” 
“Nope, just you and Gemma.” I stopped and looked at her, stunned. 
“You told Gemma?” I asked, now reeling. She knew all along! And she never said a word. Was that the reason she got so upset with me? She was disgusted. What else had Ella been telling her? Why didn’t she tell me?
“Yeah, I told her when I first found out; and she was the one that insisted I tell you,” she admitted. 
“What did you tell her?”
“I thought I was pregnant and you were the father.” She gave me an incredulous look that told me I was an idiot. “What else is there to say?”
“Did you tell her what I said?” 
“That you wanted a paternity test? Yeah.” I groaned. She knew all along. 
“I knew something was going on,” she continued, “when she started defending you. The Gemma I knew hated you, but she took your side.” My heart picked up in tempo. She defended me? Had I told her already? Was she falling for me? 
“I accused her of being a terrible friend and hung up on her,” Ella said nonchalantly. “We eventually made up, but I’ve kept my distance since I found out about you two. I don’t know if I can ever forgive her,” she admitted. “She knew how I felt and still hooked up with you.” Ella sniffled. 
“Gem knew, but she also knew we wouldn’t have anything more than one night together. That was the agreement.”
 “She agreed to that?” she asked before sifting through the baby section of books. 
“She made me agree to that,” I replied, pulling a book off the shelf. Skimming through the first few pages, I promptly shut it when pictures of female anatomy were explicitly displayed. Wasn’t really ready to see how that worked yet. 
“I just can’t believe she’d do that after I told her you got me pregnant!” 
“I first hooked up with Gemma after winter break.” Her eyes turned to lasers. 
“Was that why you hooked up with me?” she huffed, “To retaliate against her?” she asked. 
“You don’t want to know the answer to that.” She scoffed, storming out of the bookstore. How the hell could she be mad at me again? I was just being honest. 
“Ella!” I said, when I finally caught up to her at the entryway. “Don’t make this harder than it has to be. The past is the past. None of it matters.” Her eyes shimmered with tears and I took her hands, hoping to reassure her. “Forget about all that and focus on what is important.” 
She didn’t agree with me; it was written all over her face. She hated what I was saying, but it was the right thing to do. If we intended to be parents together, we had to move away from all the crap that happened before her pregnancy. 
Pulling her along, I made our way to the coffee shop inside the bookstore. We took a seat. 
“What do you want me to do? What do you want to do?” Never letting go of her hand, I had to hear Ella’s decision. My life was hanging by a thread. She could ruin it by saying she wanted to keep it. She could save me, too, and get rid of it, but I could never ask her to do that. My mother’s voice yelled in my head and I knew I could never allow that to happen. 
“Will you be there for me, no matter what I choose?” I nodded, waiting for her to get the courage she needed. 
“I’ve thought about that a lot. It’s yours. I always thought I could be special, if you just saw me differently.” She sniffled, and her tears stopped. “But you were so mean. I couldn’t even think of bringing a child into this world if you would hate it. I thought that would be my only choice, even though it killed me to make it. I want to keep it, Li. Can we keep it?” she asked.
I closed my eyes. It was her decision and I had to accept it. “Yes, it’s okay.” 
“I’m not just messing up my life here. You can tell me the truth,” she persisted. 
“The truth is: it’s your choice. I can’t decide for you.” 
“But we’re a team now.”
“Now that you’ve made your choice,” I smiled.  She seemed relieved, and almost like the weight of the world wasn’t hanging on her shoulders anymore. “I got a gig tonight so I have to head out soon. Can I drive you home?”
“I’d like that,” Ella replied, smiling genuinely for the first time since she opened the door and saw me standing there. 

18: “’Til I Forget About You” Big Time Rush
Gemma

Eagerly, I grabbed the Venti Skinny Caramel Macchiato with my name on it. Colleen just laughed.
“Really needed that caffeine fix, didn’t you?” She had no idea. I hadn’t slept for more than a few hours during the last few weeks. The only reason I was still functional and didn’t scare small children was thanks to lots of makeup and caffeine.  
I shrugged, not wanting to worry her about what I was going through. Happy face, Gemma. Everyone just wants to see your happy face, I repeated to myself. She grabbed her green tea and sat across from me in the small booth. 
We had a marathon shopping trip and this was our first stop for sustenance. Hell, if I stepped into one more shop without any coffee, I feared collapsing. Colleen was helping me grab stuff for my presently barren room. New sheets and furniture, aside from the bed. A TV. Dad would kill me when he saw the credit card bill, but what else was new? 
“I don’t know how you do this. I’m beat.” 
“Yeah, me too,” I agreed, leaning back in the small booth. 
“I have a gig tonight; are you…” She trailed off, thinking better of asking the question. I hadn’t been to a gig in two weeks, which was when that disaster with Liam occurred. I wasn’t sure I was ready, but whenever Rhys, Gen, or even Colleen told a great story, it always happened on those nights. For example, last week, some girl pushed Liam against a wall to molest him! Colleen had to intervene, telling her rape worked both ways. She warned the hussy to step away from her brother before she saw the wrath of a redhead. The story was hilarious, Colleen’s impersonations and descriptions even distracted me from the fact that the story was about Liam. 
“I’ll think about it. I miss seeing you rock out.” I leaned forward, ready to change the topic. “Enough about me. You’re always trying to help your brother out.” I narrowed my eyes and she laughed nervously. I loved Colleen, but she was laying it on a bit hard. She was still rooting for Liam, and I just couldn’t let her blind me as to how he really was again. “Why don’t we get you invested in your own love life?” 
Her eyebrows arched in surprise. “Oh, no. I don’t have a love life.” 
“And why is that?” I joked, playing dumb. Colleen was head over heels for Trent; why nothing ever happened between them was, in a word, baffling. 
Colleen was gorgeous. She fawned over him enough that he should have had a clue, but he was a guy, and guys can be oblivious sometimes. 
“Because there is no one I’m interested in.” 
“Bull… Colleen, I’m not blind.” She started blushing, and her whole face brightened as she politely sipped her tea, feigning ignorance. 
“Nothing is going to happen,” she replied. 
“Why not? Trent has to be an idiot, or gay, not to be interested in you.”
“He has a lot going on,” she defended him. 
“Like?” 
“I don’t know, but he’s always had problems with his family. He never really confided in me. He only told Rhys about that stuff. They’re best friends. Rhys would kill Trent if he so much as touched me. And Liam would be waiting behind him.” I bit back a smile, knowing she wasn’t exaggerating in the least about Rhys and Liam. 
I scoffed, “You are a grown woman with needs.” She listened to me, “They can’t shelter you forever. If Trent is the guy you want, just go for it.” She shook her florescent purple hair. 
“No, he would never…”
“He’d what?” I challenged. 
“He’d never look at me that way?” she answered, looking much younger than she really was.
I sighed, getting frustrated. “He kissed you?” She nodded apprehensively like there was something else I was missing. 
“We were kids,” she clarified.
“But at one point, he wanted more. Now you have to get him to remember that.” She sat up straighter as she thought about that. “Drop some hints.” Her blue eyes fell on her cup, pondering that idea. 
“Like?” 
“Come on; haven’t you seen Legally Blonde?” She laughed. 
“Oh, God, I would never hear the end of that if the guys found out.” 
“Coll, you’re not one of the guys. You’re one of the girls.” 
She gave me a dubious smile. 
“What?” 
“I have an unofficial guy name to fit in,” she confessed. This girl needed more help than I thought.
“No, we need to end that,” I replied. 
“Trent is the only one that still calls me that.” I smiled. I liked hearing that he gave her a pet name; maybe she didn’t have too much work ahead of her. 
“What is it?” 
She looked everywhere but at me before whispering something I couldn’t hear.
“Louder, please.”
“Colin,” she blurted out, embarrassed.
“Wait, he calls you Colin?” I said, making sure I heard her right and it wasn’t some weird joke. 
She nodded as her blush descended to her neck, “Oh, God! Why did I tell you that?” she replied before dropping her head to the table. 
“No, this is good. I mean, maybe that’s the problem. He needs to stop seeing you as Colin, and see Colleen,” I explained and she looked at me thoughtfully. 
“And just how are we going to do that?” 
“Ready for some shopping?” I asked. 
“Oh, God! Will Rhys let me walk out the door?” Colleen asked, hiding her laughter. She was totally on board with learning new techniques of seduction. 
I swallowed the last of my drink, savoring every sugary drop. “Forget about Rhys, this is about you. Okay, so let’s get a sense of your seductive skills. How did you seduce your other boyfriends?” I asked when we stood up and made our way out the coffee shop.  
I wanted to go to Macy’s and get her the hottest outfit for the gig. She would light up that stage tonight. 
“Um, seduce?” 
“Yeah, like how did you let him know you were in the mood or interested? Did you tell him? Or wear something sexy and surprise him?” The look of horror on her face only meant one thing: I was in foreign territory. Colleen was still a virgin. “Please tell me: you’ve at least had a boyfriend?” 
“Of course, I’ve had a boyfriend.” 
“One?” I asked in complete disbelief. Did her brothers just lock her in a room when she hit puberty? How was it possible that she had not experimented with her sexuality?
She nodded, wincing like it was painful to admit. 
“Spill.” She opened her mouth to start, but stopped, shaking her head in protest. I made a go on with it motion and she huffed before she began.
“It was in high school; we dated for a couple of months. None of the guys liked him and they thought he would try to take advantage of me. I really think Rhys and Liam were just laying their own problems on me. They never wanted me to meet someone like they did. We dated, and he tried something I wasn’t comfortable with so we broke up. I never told anyone what happened because they would have killed him; not that they didn’t hurt him anyway. Rhys tends to overreact.” Having seen it first hand, I knew it was the truth. 
“Can I ask what he did?” I inquired gently, not wanting to make her relive anything that was traumatic. 
“Well, um…” She looked like a cooked lobster as she distracted herself. “He unbuttoned my jeans.” I stopped walking and gawked at her. 
“So you dumped him?” She nodded, seemingly mortified. 
“You’re making me feel like a freak.” She covered her face, trying to hide her humiliation. 
“Sorry, I’ve just… Coll, your brothers have sheltered you for too long.”
“I’m not sheltered. I have tattoos,” she argued. 
“Those are just to mask that you’re not as badass on the inside,” I finished. “When I’m done with you, not only will Trent follow you like you’re the last woman on Earth, but so will a dozen other guys.”
“I highly doubt—”
“Don’t doubt me. I make fabulous happen all the time.” She smiled, and for the first time, she wasn’t embarrassed, or cautious. Colleen was excited for once because it was about her own love life. 
It was about damn time too. Ten years of mooning over the same guy was long enough. That was about to end abruptly, if I got my way. Finally, I had something to work on that could sufficiently distract me from the hot mess that I called my life. So long, Colin; and hello, Colleen! 

19: “Who I Am Hates Who I’ve Been” Relient K
Liam

“What the hell are you wearing?” I snapped when Colleen strutted into the room, barely clothed. Colleen beamed and I looked behind me to see the jaws of Colt and Trent nearly dropping to the floor. I gave them a dark look and they overcame their shock. No way would I let her go on stage like that. “Where did that… those aren’t even clothes!” 
She blinked in quick succession. Oh, no please don’t cry! “I like it,” she protested. “Me and Gemma picked it out today.” Of course, Gemma had something to do with it. I was torn between the urge to murder Gemma, or insist that she wear it her damn self. Yup, I was a total basket case. How could I argue with her about that? Colleen straightened the microscopic, leather mini. I swear, if I saw an ass cheek, I would lose my ever-loving mind. I unclenched my fists. That was good; Colleen managed to distract me. 
“Change,” I demanded, despite my hypocritical status. I couldn’t handle it. Or the way Colt, my best friend and fellow manwhore, kept looking over his shoulder at my baby sister. 
“No!” she snapped back. 
“Fine, I’ll call Rhys.” I threatened her, and she narrowed her eyes in defiance. 
“You wouldn’t.”
“Try me, Coll. You’re practically naked.” Her top was a black, sheer thing that couldn’t even pass as a top since I could also see her leopard print bra. I didn’t need that image of my baby sister, especially in a leopard print bra. I was having a meltdown and it was all her fault.
“Call him. I’m not changing! I like my outfit,” she boldly stated before crossing her arms and standing her ground.
“You look like a prostitute,” I retorted. 
“I hate you,” she yelled, storming off into a crowd that housed grabby guys waiting to get a piece of my baby sister. Ugh!
“Weren’t you a little tough on her, man?” Trent inquired. 
“I’m sorry; did you actually listen to me? Or were you too busy staring at my baby sister’s tits?” He didn’t say anything, but raised his hands as a sign of peace. This was turning into the night from hell.
I sent Rhys a quick text, but he was already pushing Colleen back into the backroom. 
“Hell, no!” Rhys announced. Gen was right behind him, complaining. 
“She’s an adult! You can’t bully her into changing. She looks pretty.” My sister had the nerve to smile at Genevieve. 
“Wanna bet?” Rhys countered, dragging Colleen to the green room. He stopped and a string of expletives flew from his mouth. I caught up with them only to hear the same curses repeated. Gemma was at the back door, dressed in exactly the same outfit as Colleen only her top was white instead of black. She looked good enough to eat, and that’s when I knew I lost the argument. 
I couldn’t make Colleen change; not when Gemma wore the same thing! Now, all I wanted to do was throw open the door and fuck her into oblivion.
“Hi, Coll, Rhys,” she said with a wicked smile that spelled trouble. I recognized it immediately. It was the same smile she gave me that first night. Right before she lost her shit at the bar with me... right before we ditched the bar for her room. She took Colleen’s arm as Rhys and I stood there, totally stupefied. We were so fucked. 
Gen shook her head and followed the girls into the club; she was laughing the entire way. 
“How do we deal with that?” Rhys was still staring after the girls. 
“Deal with what? I was momentarily paralyzed with arousal.” Rhys slapped my head hard.
“It hasn’t even been a month! If that’s your response, Colleen will never change. They planned it this way.”
“They did a damn good job. I can’t argue with that,” I said before pointing to where the girls walked out.
“I can,” he growled. I stopped him from following them. 
“I think it’s working, Rhys. Gemma’s here tonight, helping Colleen piss us off, but she’s here; and she looked…”
“Like herself,” he finished. 
“Yeah.” I nodded, since that was the only logical thing to call it. She was being herself. The girl I loved, not the girl I ruined. “Maybe I should do my new song,” I suggested excitedly. I’d been working on a new song for Gemma. Trent came up with the music to accompany the words because I wrote it in the most ass-backwards way. I was dying to share it. 
“She’s not ready.”
“But…” 
“She’s trying to get back to normal. Give her one night before you bombard her with your undying love again.”
“Don’t tell me you two have figured everything out?” He just gave me a guilty shrug, putting me on the verge of losing it again. “So she wants normal?” I snapped. 
“Li, don’t do anything you’ll regret. You’ve been progressing so well.”
“Well, I haven’t talked to Gemma since the last time she was here,” I snapped, right before the floodgates opened and everything I’d been holding back, while trying to be what Gemma wanted, came out at once.  “I can’t get her out of my head. I’m doing everything you tell me, but I can’t keep waiting. I need her.” He pulled me in for a hug. 
“You got this.” Not the most uplifting words. “Prep for your show.” He slapped my back one more time before he left too. 

Gemma
“Oh, my God, Rhys looked murderous,” Colleen commented. 
“Forget about Rhys; what did Trent think?”
“This was about Trent?” Gen asked, spitting out her beer in the process. When I nodded, she shook her head, “Oh, Rhys is going to be so pissed.” 
“He and Colt were floored. Liam gave them the dirtiest look. They liked it. Colt even gave me that flirty eye thing that he does.” Colleen gushed.
“Colt? But I…” Gen started.
“Oh, I want Trent, but it was still nice to be noticed,” Coll said, adjusting her skirt before she sat down. 
“Adios, Colin,” I remarked proudly. She laughed as Gen stared at us like we just lost our minds. “Oh, don’t look now, but Colt is coming over.” I said leaning in so only the girls heard me. Colleen looked so damn happy, I couldn’t help feeling proud of myself. No one deserved having every male head turn toward her more than she did. She was long overdue for some masculine attention. 
Colt wrapped his arm around Colleen’s waist, pulling her towards him. He whispered something in her ear, and she rolled her eyes. 
“Gotta go perform,” she said, leaving her empty glass and heading toward the back with Colt. 
“She looks…”
“Like a woman,” I finished. “Colleen needed to get out there; and if you’re going to do it, do it in the biggest way,” I summarized. 
“You did good.” Gen smiled. 
Rhys eventually returned to us, but not before yelling something at Colt that made his arm drop away from Colleen. Some people refused to accept Coll’s thrust into womanhood. Pun fully intended. 
“After tonight, they’ll never forget she’s a girl. And that girl needs some action.” 
“My sister doesn’t need anything like that,” Rhys argued. I smiled innocently at him. 
“She’s so happy; can you really be upset with us?”
“When Colt is staring at her like he’s a starved man? Yes, I can be upset,” he grumbled as he watched her every move making sure no one got too close not even his friends.
“She’s an adult,” Gen repeated for the millionth time. 
“So you both keep reminding me. What if I liked my baby sister just the way she was?”
“Too bad,” I joked. 
“I just hope she’s got on her underwear. If I see up that thing you call a skirt, or anyone else does, I can’t be held responsible for my actions.” Rhys glowered as he watched MMRD start their first set. 
“She’s dressed like a woman. I didn’t make her a slut,” I replied. He just chugged his beer, scrutinizing the stage through narrowed eyes.
“Don’t worry; he’s a lost cause,” Gen said, giving him a big hug. 
I watched Liam crossing the stage like he owned the place. His fake accent amused me as he caressed everyone else’s ears with his smooth voice. Walking past him and not flinching became the ultimate test. Maybe I was actually moving on; maybe someday soon, I’d be over Liam Moore, and ready to live the rest of my life. I focused on the songs he was singing, recognizing the old ones, and their favorite covers, although every now and then, the band would slip in a few new songs to freshen it up. All of it naturally became infectious to the crowd. 
Secretly, I bought all their songs on iTunes when my sister started managing the band. She quickly pulled them out of the eighties of selling albums to their crowds after gigs, by getting them onto iTunes and a number of other music platforms. Talk about old school! I kept telling myself I was downloading everything to support the band I liked, as well as my sister, and all the headway she was making with them. 
Realistically, I knew it was a weak excuse. I bought them just so I could fall asleep listening to Liam’s voice at night. It was the only way he would ever be allowed in my room again. Last night, they uploaded a cover from a band I never heard of. Liam just started singing it. Sorry kept stabbing me in the chest every time he sang it. A million apologies were just begging for my attention. I couldn’t believe it was a cover; it sounded so much like Liam. It also sounded like it was written for me, but he stopped dedicating his songs to me last week. My vision blurred with tears when he crooned about lines he shouldn’t have crossed, and changing his ways. Okay, I guess I wasn’t as over him as I thought. I was merely a work in progress. I knew that. Everyone always says only time can heal a broken heart. I sucked up all the emotions that were fighting for release and faked a smile for my sister and Rhys.
 The band eventually returned to their usual covers of rock and pop hits. Liam randomly did a Drake song that sounded sexy as hell. Again, it was something I never admitted out loud. 
 

20: “Say Something” A Great Big World 
Liam

I couldn’t walk away. Our set was over and she was still here. She hadn’t run away. She was sitting between Gen and Colleen, laughing and looking so damn beautiful, I was in agony just being away from her. I wasn’t focused on the finish line anymore, even though Rhys kept telling me I was doing the right thing. The pull was just too strong. I orbited her like the sun. She was my sun. Not like I could say that without her running away. I debated what to do with myself. Maybe I could just sit there and bask in her glow without ruining it. Just enough to feed my addiction quietly. 
“You standing here like a statue for a reason?” Trent asked.
“What do you do when every part of you is screaming to go over there, but your brain knows it’s a bad idea?” 
“You either give in or you don’t. Life is all about choices. Are you going to be a coward? Or will you be brave? It’s up to you,” he answered seriously. That was the only way Trent answered questions. He was too smart for his own good. I wasn’t sure if that was because of his hard life, or if he managed to learn more than I could. 
“You’ve been eating Chinese again?” 
He just smiled as he headed over to the table I was staring at for what felt like centuries. 
“You look sad, babe.” I never realized it until I decided to remain celibate, but girls are fucking pushy. The brunette ran her long nail down my chest in what I assumed was supposed to be sexy, but her feeble attempt fell flat on me. “Hmm…” she said, looking confused when I didn’t react to her obvious gesture. 
“I gotta go.” And just like that, my choice was made. I sat next to Trent, who happened to sit by my sister. I was thankful for that; especially after Colton lost his mind and began clearly eye-fucking my baby sister. Words had to be exchanged about that shit, and it better end real quick. No one looked at Colleen like that! Not even my best friend! Especially not my best friend. For the most part, I knew where he’d been and consequently, would not allow him near my sweet, innocent sister. 
I looked over, hoping I wouldn’t be kicked out of the group by Gemma. She was staring at me, but more in curiosity than in judgment. She quickly shifted her attention to something Gen was saying, and laughed. Yeah, that happy sound still played tricks on my body, every damn time. 
“Hey, guys! Can you let me out? I need to use the restroom.” My attention drew back to Gemma and her look instantly conveyed that she saw me. I stood up with Trent and Coll, allowing her to pass. Grazing by me, I could have sworn she deliberately touched my chest as she walked by. It all happened in a millisecond, but I couldn’t stop myself from following her. Damn all of Rhys’s advice and rules! Life was full of choices and all of mine kept leading me back to her. She looked up at me as I entered the narrow hallway to the bathrooms. 
“We can do this, right?” she asked without even looking up at me. 
“Do what?” I asked, measuring my words. I didn’t want to maul her, but my self-control was shot. I used up all of it while keeping at a safe distance, and giving her the space she wanted. Now that I was so close to her, every cell in my body screamed to take her. Calm your shit! She’s here, talking to you. Finally, progress. 
“Talk without fighting.” My shoulders slumped in disappointment. She just wanted to talk. 
She sat at the long, wooden bench nestled between the doors to the men’s and women’s bathrooms. 
Gemma took a deep breath before she spoke. “I don’t hate you.” I sat beside her, thinking maybe this could be better than I expected. She smiled at me. Those pink lips puckered together, drawing my attention to only them.
“You know I love you, so I could never hate you,” I replied. 
Gem shook her head. “Don’t say that. If we want to get back to normal, there can be no ‘I love yous’.” 
“I don’t want to go back to the way things were. I don’t want to torment myself debating whether to strangle you, or kiss you. I just want to kiss you.” She looked away. “I want to love you, Gemma. I’ve been trying so hard. Ella and I worked everything out. She and I have been sharing this whole pregnancy thing together.” 
“That’s good.” 
“I haven’t been with anyone else since the day I left you.” Her eyes bore into me for a long moment.
“I heard about the girl that day,” she stated, and my heart sank. Who would have told her that? “Colt told me.” I closed my eyes, trying to block out all the nasty things I intended to do to him. 
“I didn’t know what I wanted then, but I know now,” I said, taking her hand. She pulled it away, using it to push her hair off her face before moving it further, beyond my reach. 
“Stop saying stuff like that. I know you. I know you think you love me, but you can’t actually wrap your head around that. I know we’re doomed. You will freak out every time I want to take a new step in our relationship, and run off and leave me.” 
“I would never…”
“You already have,” she reminded me with a sad smile, breaking my heart all over again. 
“Why are you here? Do you just want to fucking ruin me like I did you? You win,” I replied, doing what I always did. I gradually let the hurt seep into my voice, making me sound angry.
“What? I—”
“I’m done with the games, Gem. You either want me, or you don’t. I can’t do anything more. I need you. I love you. I breathe you,” I said, taking her hands again, despite her repulsion toward me. “My fucking head is consumed by you. I’m going crazy not having you near me.” She didn’t cry, as I expected, but my crazy girl just stared at me. She was restraining those damn tears with all her might.
“All I can offer you is friendship. If you can’t accept that, then I guess I should go.” She stood up and started to walk away, but stopped.  “I laid my heart on the line, Liam, and you broke it. Why should I do that again? Why should I believe you wouldn’t break it again?” I knew she was right; that’s why Rhys challenged me. Words couldn’t get Gemma back, only actions. 
I closed my eyes, and didn’t move. She scoffed as she started off again. My idiocy dissolved for a bit and I grabbed her hand one last time before she went too far. 
“Because this time, I’m not going anywhere. You will get tired of seeing me, but you will see me everyday. I will be the best damned friend you ever fucking had.” She bit her lip, trying to hide a smile, but I still saw it. Choice made. Mission accomplished. I was one step closer to getting my girl back. I dropped her hand, but she stayed in place, watching me. She was waiting for me to admit I was full of it, probably.
“Gemmy?” Some uppity guy came out of the bathroom dressed in a button-down shirt and jeans. Who was this clown? I glared at him, hoping he’d take the hint, but he didn’t; he was too engrossed in my girl.
“Bry,” she smiled before giving him a hug. He wrapped his arm around her waist. “Heading out there? I’ll get you a drink.” She looked at me, then back at him. 
“Okay,” she said before walking away with that douche nozzle. I watched her leave. Her eyes fell on me for only a second before totally fastening on that guy. Making my way back to the table, I sat down before ordering my lone beer. On nights like this, I knew only too well how easy it was to get drunk while trying to forget your worries. Too bad the only worry causing me to drink started with G and ended with A. 
Everyone was still at the table talking, laughing, and drinking. I just sat there, glaring at Gemma and the joke of a man she brought back with her to the table. Rhys rolled his eyes and Gen smiled at him before saying something when she stood and kissed his cheek. Rhys’s arm pulled her down quickly. If Rhys didn't like that guy, it gave me a perfectly good reason for not liking him, too. 
Colt said something, making Colleen laugh. He was sitting next to her. When the fuck did that happen? And how did Rhys allow it? Colton was as bad as the rest of us. I didn’t want him touching Colleen. He was a manwhore; and believe me, we easily recognize our own kind. He wouldn’t treat Colleen right; he would only use her and then I would have to murder him. It was that simple.
Rhys’s glowering expression was probably fueled by a number of things, although the way Colt kept touching Colleen was probably rushing to the top of his list. 
“Colt! A word, man,” I said, standing up as I finished my beer. He shrugged, already well into his buzz. The guy always drank too much. He wondered how he ended up in bed with half the women he found there. The guy blacked out most nights. If he could have gotten the drinking under control, it would have benefited not only the band, but also him, and our friendship with him. He was like a ticking time bomb, waiting to detonate. I just hoped I wouldn’t get caught in the aftermath. 
Maybe the reason Colt and I were so close was because I saw something in him I didn’t notice in anyone else. He was flawed, like me. No, the whole group was flawed, but I felt a special kinship to Colt that I didn’t feel with anyone else. We were irreparably flawed by our parents. That’s what bonded us. That’s why I didn’t drink, but Colt did. He wanted to forget what happened with them, and unfortunately, never learned that wasn’t the way to do it. 
“Sure, bro.” He whispered something to Colleen that was inappropriate, if Trent’s scowl were any indication. Glad to know at least Trent remembered his place when it came to Colleen. 
He walked off with me until we made it to the green room. 
“What’s up?” he slurred, tottering on his feet as he closed the door. 
“A few things are up! Leave Colleen alone! She’s not one of those girls you can just fuck and dump.” He laughed like it was a big joke. I was already pissed off over Gemma, and Colton was trying what little restraint I had left. It didn’t matter if he were my best friend or not. 
“She’s a big girl. You see what she’s wearing?” he replied with a conspiratorial grin that indicated he’d already marked his conquest for the night.
“My sister, asshole,” I snapped before hitting him. He growled, lunging for me. 
“What crawled up your ass?” he asked while coming at me. That was exactly what I needed. To kick someone’s ass. Colt became my victim when he fucked up with Gemma and Colleen. 
“You told Gemma about that girl when I left her,” I shouted, hitting him in the stomach a few times until he groaned. He hit me back, but had fortunately swallowed too many drinks to do any real damage.
“I thought she knew,” he answered.
“Are you trying to fuck shit up for me?” I said while slamming my fist into his jaw. 
The door flew open and Trent and Rhys instantly broke up the fight before it could even begin. I was still yelling, and became enraged when Trent held me back and restrained me. I needed to kick that little shit’s ass. 
“You don’t want to do that,” Trent said. “He’s your best friend. You guys have been through enough shit that nothing is worth that.” 
“Every chance he gets, he stabs me in the back,” I spat, recoiling my arm to take another swing, but Rhys just shoved Colt out of the way. He was shouting fighting words and I knew Rhys was struggling not to hit him as he kept going on about Colleen, and in the most obscene way possible. I knew he was drunk, but damn! How could I let all of the shit he was saying go without punishment or retribution? 
“I’m fucking over this! Fuck you all!” Colt shouted as he extricated himself from Rhys’s grasp and stormed out. We were still huffing with aggravation as we assessed the destruction he left in his wake. 

 21: “Change My Mind” One Direction
Gemma

We were all watching Colton rush out of the club. His eye was beginning to turn an angry purple, and Colleen shook her head, appearing afraid. 
“Why do I have sneaking suspicion that this has to do with me?”
“Coll, this isn’t your fault,” I replied as Trent came out, wearing a grim expression. He looked toward Colleen, then at the rest of us. 
“I gotta go check on Colt. Can you take Liam home? I don’t trust him on his bike after that,” Trent said, shoving his hand through his long hair that brushed his shoulders.
“Gemma drove me,” she replied, looking at me. Bryant was about to offer, but I knew what a terrible idea that would be. 
“I’ll drive you guys to Liam’s apartment. Go, Trent.” He nodded, keeping the scowl still firmly in place. Looking back at Colleen, he sighed and left. There were plenty of words still unsaid between them. “Should we go check on them?” I asked when no one seemed to move. We said our goodbyes to Bryant before leaving him, and (hopefully) a night filled with less drama. 
Going into the back, we saw Rhys and Liam arguing. Thankfully, they weren’t hitting each other, but just talking in hushed voices, frustration laced in both of their voices.
Colleen stepped in first. “Let’s go. I’m not in the mood for you to catch your second wind and go after Colt.” She pulled him, but he didn’t budge. Colleen was tall and willowy. She didn’t have the strength to go up against her perfectly sculpted, sinewy brother who probably had fifty pounds of muscle over her. I helped, and he went along, no doubt, shocked that I was even there to assist her. 
“Gemma volunteered to drive you home since she drove me. Trent went to check on Colt,” Colleen told Rhys, who stood as well. Gen was trying to fix up the room to make it more presentable. If they kept this up, MMRD would soon earn a diva reputation, and no one would book them! 
I took one of Liam’s arms and Colleen took the other. He didn’t look as bad as Colt, but Colt drank much more than Liam. One cut was bleeding above his eye and starting to swell. How did that happen? I knew Liam wasn’t much of a drinker, and it disappointed me to think he would attack Colton, especially when Colt didn’t have a chance in hell against him. Colt was altogether smaller in general. He topped out just above Colleen’s willowy, five-foot-seven frame; that made him only five-foot-ten or eleven. Not too small, compared to most guys, but he shouldn’t have been fighting with his bandmates. Liam, Rhys, and Trent were definitely considered tall. Trent was no less than a monster and had to be somewhere around six-foot-five maybe. I looked like a child next to him, but he and Colleen were matched well. I could see her attraction. However, I couldn’t figure out why she would hold back for so long. Liam was shorter than Rhys, but still had a few inches on Colt. 
“Why did you have to do that?” Colleen asked as she let go of Liam. He kept walking with no issue. He didn’t let go of my hand, and I couldn’t muster the fortitude to pull away from him. Messing with fire, Gem. 
“He started it. Don’t trust him,” he said before slamming my front seat forward to let Colleen into the back.  She climbed in and Liam looked away, seemingly in pain. “Gem, remind me not to go out the next time you wanna dress my sister like a Barbie doll! I’m fucking scared,” he complained as he slid into the front seat. 
It was a small car, but I always gushed that there was plenty of leg room. Liam made that disappear. His knees were crammed against his chest and he looked like a grasshopper, making the car seem more like a clown car in a circus. 
Colleen slapped him over the head when he leaned back. “I look great, ass.” 
“That’s the problem,” he retorted dejectedly. 
“Where’s your apartment?” I inquired and Colleen rattled off the address while Liam watched me. His words seemed to escape him. I noticed Coll rolling her eyes in the rearview mirror. 
“What happened?” she asked after an amicable silence. Liam’s hand reached for mine as soon as the question left her mouth. Again, I didn’t withdraw or try to resist it. I was a glutton for punishment. 
“We were arguing about some stuff; and we both got heated, so I hit him, we fought, and Trent and Rhys broke it up.” Liam clenched his jaw for a tense moment. Colleen and I were waiting for more. 
“I won’t be surprised if Trent roughs him up a bit more after all the shit he was saying.” 
“What was he saying?” I asked, having a sneaking suspicion. 
“A lot. He deserved it! I don’t know what’s been going on with him. He’s been so angry lately.” He shook his head sadly, like he failed to grasp this new side of Colt. 
“He’s been drinking more,” Colleen piped up. 
“I hadn’t even noticed. You think it has to do with his uncle?” Liam asked, and Coll just shrugged, as if unsure. 
“Is he okay?” I asked. “Does he need help?” 
“It’s a long story, Gem,” Colleen replied. “It happened ages ago. Colt just doesn’t get over stuff easily; he’s sensitive.” I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Right… Colt being sensitive? That was like saying Liam was sensitive. Sensitive was definitely not the first word that came to mind when I thought of either of those two. 
I parked at the same time as an SUV. As we got out of the car, the other car parked beside us. 
“Is that…? Let me out!” Colleen freaked when she noticed Trent sitting in the SUV, unmoving. I slid out of the car quickly, knowing it would be easier for me than for Liam. Speaking of Liam, he gingerly stepped out of the car. His hands looked swollen and bloody. Every time his knuckles grazed anything, he winced in pain. 
I went around my car to help him. He snapped, “I’m fine” and I dropped my hands. Liam was looking at Trent whom Colleen was pulling out of his car. 
Trent looked like hell. His eye was swollen shut, and he had a nasty bruise that started at his jaw and covered his whole cheek. He grabbed his side in visible pain. Rushing over to Colleen, I helped her pull him out of the car. 
“What happened?” Colleen asked, on the verge of tears. He looked up at her and then, even I saw it. Trent’s dark eyes seemed to drink in Colleen like she was the only creature who could give him strength and sustenance in this world. He stood up to his full height and groaned as his body protested with the strain. Distributing his weight on both Coll and me. Liam was there too, but not much help, considering he was just as run-down. 
“Upstairs,” Trent replied finally. Thankfully, Liam was only on the second floor of the six-story walkup. He lived in an older building around the block from BU. Liam hobbled ahead of us and opened the door. Trent, Colleen, and I all collapsed on an old futon. Colleen was up instantly. She began assessing Trent’s injured body before I could even untangle myself from Trent’s death grip. His dark hair was wet with sweat and his lip was bleeding and swollen badly. His eye didn’t look much better. Colleen touched his jaw gingerly, hoping nothing was broken there. 
“It’s okay,” he growled and Colleen dropped her hand quickly. Liam was already pulling out the first aid kit and handing it over to Colleen. 
“Anything else injured?” she asked, scanning his body as he held his ribs. He groaned and tried to pull his shirt off. Coll and I started pulling it off for him. Nothing appeared broken, but I was no expert in that department. 
It looked like he’d taken a few shots to the ribs, so some bruising was visible there too. Colleen blinked away her tears as she opened the first aid kit on her lap, pulling out a few things. It was a rather well stocked kit, much larger than the average ones. 
“My mom’s a nurse,” Colleen replied, looking down at the abundantly packed kit. “She knows how accident-prone her sons are.”
She handed me the kit after she took out what she needed, and I sat beside Liam. He sighed, touching my knee, which bumped his leg. I pulled out some gauze to stop the bleeding before I addressed the swelling. He didn’t look that bad after all. Okay, he’d be lucky to see out of his left eye with that cut over it tomorrow morning, but Trent was totally shit. He needed someone to stand watch over him all night, and should’ve probably gone to the hospital. 
“Was it Colt?” Liam asked, trying to ignore me cleaning his wound. 
Trent groaned as Colleen wiped the blood off the scrapes on his knuckles. “Yeah, but you should see him.” Liam became quiet. 
“He’s your friend!  What the heck did he do to piss you all off so bad?” Liam and Trent’s eyes met, but no words were spoken. “Seriously?” I snapped. 
Liam eventually spoke after becoming clearly uncomfortable at me being upset. “He said some things he shouldn’t have.”
“Like what he told me?” I asked, now disappointed with both of them. 
“Things about Colleen,” Trent finished. 
“Both,” Liam amended. 
“Was he conscious when you left?” A flash of pain crossed Trent’s face as Colleen asked the question. He shook his head. “We need to check on him; he could be…” Tears streaked Coll’s perfect makeup. Trent, beaten and battered, still managed to pull her in for a hug, trying to soothe her. I almost smiled, but my anxiety overcame me. Liam looked away after a moment, probably not able to stomach anyone showing his sister such displays of affection. Trent said things to Coll that seemed to be working. I turned my attention back to Trent. 
“After I finish here, I’ll go check on him,” I told Liam. 
“No, you won’t. I won’t let you go anywhere near him,” he countered angrily. It was hard to take him seriously when his eyebrow looked like a golf ball, but I nodded my head and decided I could at least hear him out. 
“In the morning then? I want to make sure he’s okay. That was supposed to happen when Trent followed him.”
“He has a roommate,” he growled. 
“Only to ensure peace of mind for Colleen and me!” I retorted. 
Trent spoke up and rattled off the address before Liam had a chance to object. “His roommate was there when I left. He’s alive; geez. I just kicked his ass, and he passed out afterwards.” Colleen didn’t say a word, being too focused on her task of cleaning Trent up. 
I stood up and opened the freezer, finding a large bag of frozen peas. I gave Liam a heads up look and threw the bag at him. He caught it and placed it over his eye without further instruction before reciting a string of profanities when it touched his swollen brow. 
“That shit is cold!” he grumbled. I shrugged before sitting down to work on his battered knuckles. Again, he had less damage than Trent. I just hoped this was over. Hopefully, they had fought it out and it was all over. I didn’t want to have any repeats of tonight. 

 22: “I Wanna” The All American Rejects
Liam

She bandaged my hands without too much effort, and never stopped talking to Colleen the entire time. Coll intended to stay over and keep an eye on Trent. They believed he might have suffered a concussion. Gemma was instructing Colleen to wake him every half hour. After debating the logistics for several long minutes, I shut them up, knowing what they wanted. 
“Go sleep in Trent’s room!” I ground out, disgusted with myself for even letting it happen. I knew about Trent and Colleen. Hell, I wasn’t blind. I didn’t know that Trent felt anywhere near as much as Colleen felt, but there it was, as plain as day. He kicked Colt’s ass for disrespecting her much more than Rhys and I did. Even battered and bruised, he kept taking care of my baby sister like someone that loved her should. It was hard to admit, but I was starting to believe that Gemma might have been right. Colleen and Trent would happen whether I fought it or not. I just prayed it would happen later rather than sooner. I was still adjusting to the reality that my baby sister wasn’t eight years old any longer. I don’t know if I could handle anymore change. 
“All right!” Gemma said, clapping her hands. She was finished with me and left me sitting there like an idiot with a bag of frozen peas over one eye. The cold burned, but I knew the alternative, and losing my vision, even temporarily, was much worse.
Gemma moved away from me and began helping Colleen lift the dead weight that Trent had become. After hearing their overly dramatic groans, I dropped my bag of peas and helped them lug Trent to his room. I may have not been very gentle when I threw him on his bed, but hey, one day, he might try something with my sister, and I sure as hell couldn’t pick a fight with him! I wasn’t stupid! Trent was a beast. I tried to avoid getting on his bad side, and that went for anyone else too. He mumbled something about payback, but I smiled innocently before walking out and pulling Gemma along with me. I couldn’t be in there alone, knowing what might happen.
What the hell did I agree to? 
“Are you okay with Colleen staying in there?” Gemma asked, reading my thoughts perfectly. 
“No.” She grabbed my hand, instantly making me forget everything else. Guiding me back to the living room, she picked up my peas. This time, she gently placed the package on my face. “Let me get you into bed,” Gemma said. All I could do was nod like a lovesick dumbass, which is exactly what I was. Gem owned me. I shut down the rest of the world and did anything she asked. I would have climbed a mountain if it meant I could spend a few more minutes with her. A voice nagged at me telling me I should have figured out Gemma’s power much sooner, but I couldn’t let my fuck ups consume me any more. Especially when Gem and I were finally getting somewhere good. She dropped her hand as I guided her to my bedroom. She remained at the entrance even when I moved further into the small room. 
“Come in; I don’t bite,” I coaxed her. 
“I have to get going,” she replied, breaking my heart all over again. 
“You really plan to leave me alone? What if I have a concussion, too?” She rolled her eyes, indicating I was full of shit. Some things never changed, despite our non-relationship status. “Nothing will happen. We’ve done that before.” She looked down the hall and then back at me. I could tell she was warring with herself. She pulled out her phone before closing the door behind her. 
I resisted the urge to shake my ass in happy celebration. I just smiled diplomatically and sat on my bed, anxiously waiting for her to join me, although I didn’t show it. If she stayed the night, I would have the best fucking night’s sleep of my life. Even better, I might not get any sleep! I quickly shelved that thought after promising her nothing would happen because we were fucking friends. Once Gemma came to her senses, however, we would never use the word friends again. She ruined that word for me. I would have to think of some other term to call everyone else that I formerly called my friends.
After sending a text, she moved forward cautiously. I pulled my shirt off and fell into my bed, waiting, no, dying for her to join me. She sat on the corner, chewing her bottom lip. 
“I don’t bite,” I repeated, patting the other side of the queen-sized bed. “Unless you want me to,” I teased. I don’t know why I thought I could entice her in any way, especially while there was a bag of frozen peas on my face. She gave me weak smile and I noticed the two small dimples in her chin before she stood up. 
“We’re listening to music, my music. Can I change?” she asked, looking around at the small heaps of clothing on my floor, and scrunching up her pixie nose in disgust.  
“Clean clothes,” I replied before pointing to a pile of clothes on my desk chair. 
“You live like a pig.” 
“An organized pig,” I replied. She grabbed one of my Warped shirts. 
“I’m just going to the—”
“I’ve seen it all before,” I reminded her. 
“We’re friends now, and friends don’t.” 
“Please, like I could even see past the peas.” I fell flat on the bed and stared at the ceiling, trying to be a perfect gentleman. I looked over when she slid her skirt down her legs, although my shirt was already on her sweet, soft body. The shirt ended just above her knees. It was still the sexiest garment I’d ever seen her in. Maybe it was the Neanderthal in me, but observing her wearing my shirt made me fight the urge to beat my chest in pride. I was so fucked up! 
She sat beside me and started playing with her phone. 
“Tonight, you’re getting a lesson in Boy Bands 101.” I moved closer to her, eagerly taking the headphone she offered. “I’ll take it easy. You might actually even like it,” she said as she started the first song. 
I laughed as some ridiculous chorus started with… SpongeBob? She laughed. “This is weird.”
“Admit that it’s catchy.” I would probably be singing it for months; I couldn’t deny that. She turned off the music when the song ended. “I want to know you, Li.” 
“How?”
“Tell me about you: Coll, Rhys, Trent, Colt. I want to hear about them all.” 
“All is a lot.”
“Start wherever you want.” She shrugged. 
“We left Ireland because of my dad,” I answered, lying down. The only people I ever discussed that with until Gem were the band and my family. “He was a drunk. That’s why I don’t drink.” I didn’t dare say I was afraid I would end up like him, but she seemed to understand that, and her expression sobered. “He often hit my mother.” I took a deep breath, reluctant to tell another soul about it. “Me and Rhys got hit too, but never Colleen. Rhys and I took care of her, and we made sure she never saw any of that violence. Rhys got the worst treatment. He wanted to protect us all, even Ma. I don’t remember much, since we left when I was eight. Colleen doesn’t remember a thing.” I added, thinking back on all the questions she asked us over the years. 
“Music became how I dealt with it. I played as soon as we got to the States. I took guitar lessons, piano lessons, anything involving music. Rhys and I took lessons until I was fifteen and decided I was a professional. If you haven’t already guessed, I’m a cocky asshole.” 
She laughed and waited for me to continue. “I began writing songs when I started high school. They had meaning for me then, and came from the heart. I lost that somewhere along the way.”
“How do you mean? I love your music.”
“But it’s not deep; it’s fun, sure, but there’s no soul. It’s vapid, just like me.” She stared at me long and hard. 
“There is so much more to you than you reveal. How can you say that about yourself? If you want to write music with meaning, go ahead and do it.” If it were possible, I think I loved her even more. No one ever believed in me. Everyone had their doubts. Colleen and Rhys had some faith in me, but they never exorcised the doubt they harbored as fully as Gemma could with one sentence. I was filled with doubt. I’m always anxiously anticipating the second when I look into the mirror and see my father’s face. 
“I figured if I got into my music, I’d never need to worry about getting attached to girls. I thought I would never be sad. I’d never sink to the low point my father fell into.” She took my hand. “I’ve played it safe for so long, fearing everything,” I cautiously admitted. 
“I don’t think being the lead singer in a band and hooking up with as many women as possible is playing it safe,” she remarked. Gemma mouthed the word STDs and made a silly disgusted face that had me smiling despite the topic of our conversation.
“It is when you associate any relationship with flashbacks of your drunken father hitting your mother.” She winced. “Isolation is safer. Music is something I can control, and it’s me. I will always be involved in music whether MMRD makes it or not.” 
“Music teacher?” she asked with a knowing smile.
“That’s what I’m getting my degree in.” 
“Education? Me too.” Damn! Did we actually have something in common? “I’m early education, but education, none the less. I love kids, especially when they’re someone else’s!” After all the terrible shit I said, I wanted to laugh. She sure knew what to say and how to lift my moods from the fires of hell. “Another song?” she suggested. I smiled, now very eager to see what the next song would have us talking about. 

23: “The Only Reason” Five Seconds of Summer
Gemma

I woke up feeling perfectly content. Liam and I talked for hours and eventually dozed off with no funny business. I learned so much about him last night. I was starting to struggle with putting my feelings aside. I loved that irritating, pig-headed, sweet puppy of a man, but I couldn’t forget that he ran away the second it got too serious and slept with another girl only a few hours later. Fighting in my own head soon became tiresome. He seemed to have changed, but could I trust that? Would I be heartbroken if I suggested we move in together a few years down the road? Or if I suggested spending the night? Not knowing what set him off that first time still bothered me the most. 
 His arms were wrapped around me and I gently moved them as I slid out of the bed. His eyebrow didn’t look as bad. Some of the swelling was down. He probably needed to re-apply the frozen peas when he awoke. I snuck out of his room with my clothes, intending to change and go home. He turned over and cuddled with the pillow I was sleeping on, showing the sexiest V in his muscled back. Did I really want to miss that?
While making my way toward the living room before I did something I felt sure I’d regret, the enticing aroma of fresh brewed coffee slapped me in the face. Colleen was sitting at the two-person table from IKEA, sipping hers from a large mug. 
She raised an eyebrow, no doubt taking in my informal state of dress. 
“Nothing happened.”
“But you’re still here,” she teased. 
“Seriously, nothing is going on between Liam and me.” 
“Where have I heard that before? Oh yeah, that was a few weeks before my brother told me he’s in freaking love with you,” she replied coolly. Touché. 
She stood and poured me a mug of coffee, which I seriously needed and appreciated. 
“Bagel?” she asked. 
“Please,” I replied before throwing my clothes from last night onto the opposite chair and opening Liam’s fridge to get some cream cheese. “How long have you been awake? Pulling out the container, I turned to look over my friend. She had dark circles that marred her pale complexion. Colleen’s attention remained focused on the bagel she was cutting in half, deliberately avoiding me. 
“How’s Trent?” 
“Fine,” she said without any thought. 
“Coll?” She sighed and gave up cutting through the bagel with a butter knife. She shoved everything on the counter, looking frustrated. 
“I kissed him.” I smiled broadly, and became excited to hear they were making progress in their relationship, but my enthusiasm quickly fizzled when I saw how upset she was. “No, I tried to kiss him. He pulled away and told me to leave him alone.” Her eyes glistened with tears. 
“Oh, Coll, I’m so sorry!” I replied, giving her a heartfelt hug like she gave me just a few weeks before. 
“We spent most of the night awake, just talking. It was going so well, and I just assumed…” She groaned. “I’m such an idiot. How could I read everything so wrong?” she whispered, trying to restrain her tears. My arms tightened around her until she grew calmer and quiet. 
“Hey, I still have to check on Colt; wanna come?” 
“Hell, yes. I need an escape.” She threw the bagel back in the bag as I put away the cheese after taking a long sip of my coffee. Then we parted ways. 
“Let me change and we can go,” I said, picking up my outfit from the night before. 
“I’m not going anywhere with you dressed in that! You need normal clothes.” I rolled my eyes as she threw me a sundress from a duffel bag by the futon. “I’m here a lot,” she explained, answering my unasked question. 
After I changed, we hurried to my waiting car. Colleen spouted off directions until we reached the BU campus. Everyone except Rhys and Colleen attended school there. I followed Colleen, who seemed to know the way by heart. What was up with that? 
Colleen knocked on a door and after a lot of shuffling, a man opened it. He groaned and walked out. 
“Nice seeing you too!” she remarked sarcastically. “That’s Colt’s roommate. He’s a dick.” Coll made her way into the room before closing the door hard behind me. “Rise and shine!” she yelled about two or three decibels louder than necessary. A ball under the covers mumbled something before falling back to sleep. 
“I’m used to getting Colt out of bed. I’m the only one he won’t attack,” Coll said with a proud smile. Sliding off her flip-flops beside his bed, she climbed onto the extra long twin and started jumping! I couldn’t help laughing. Could she still be an eight-year-old tomboy? “Wakey-wakey, Colton!” she laughed as she continued bouncing mercilessly on the bed.
“Just go away, Coll,” he hissed from under his comforter. She stopped jumping and sat down, pulling the covers off his face.  He attempted to yank the covers back, but it was too late. The damage was already done.
“Oh God, Colt…” she said after taking in his face. It was bad. I moved forward to get a better look. “Let’s get you cleaned up, boy.” She tried cupping her hands around his face. Both eyes were swollen in colorful shades of blue and purple. His lip was busted and the bruise that started on his jaw was now full-blown. Both sides of his jaw looked like he had a run-in with a sadistic dentist. His face was a swollen mess. I almost feared seeing what else Liam and Trent did to him. Colt was a jerk, but the boys really took it too far. 
I moved forward to help Colleen get him out of bed. He looked up at me with sad eyes, but didn’t say anything as Colleen slowly climbed out of his bed. We gingerly sat him up and tried to pull his shirt off. He fought us, but was too weak to be very effective. 
“Stop, Colt! We need to get you cleaned up. Wipe up the blood, and get the swelling down,” Colleen scolded him. It sounded more like a clinical checklist than any attempt to be reassuring. He lifted his arms slowly, groaning the entire time. He only managed to raise his arms halfway. We pulled off the shirt, now stiffened with blood and sweat. Coll promptly threw it into the trash before steadying Colton on his feet. His arm clung to my shoulders as he tried to gain his balance. Colleen unbuttoned his jeans and he jerked reflexively before falling on the bed. 
“What the hell are you doing?” he asked angrily. How could he have the gall to be angry when we were helping him? Perhaps he thought it was another trick before the guys kicked his ass again.
“Getting you into the shower. However, your jeans present an obstacle to that task!” Without even batting an eyelash, she unzipped his jeans and pulled them off with no help from Colt or me. He wobbled for a bit before standing on his own. He was only clad in his boxers. 
“I’m sorry, Colleen.” She gave him a sideways glance. He looked so beaten down, I reached out to help him, but he just shook his head and moved towards Colleen. He fell to his knees and wrapped his arms around her waist, sobbing into her belly. She looked at me for support, but I was just as startled. What the hell happened? “I didn’t mean any of it. I was shit-faced. I never ever thought any of those things.” Colleen just stared down at him in shock, and totally unsure of what she should do. 
“What are you sorry for, Colt? Colleen isn’t upset with you,” I interjected. He leaned back to look at Colleen’s face.
 “You’re not?” he asked, becoming just as confused as the rest of us. She shook her head. 
“You worried me to death, you little shit!” she grumbled. “Why do you have to drink like that if you’re such an ass?”
“I’ll give it up,” he said so quickly, it surprised me. He was definitely on a guilt trip and trying to make up for something, but I couldn’t make heads or tails of what, exactly, he was repenting over. 
“You stop drinking?” Colleen asked incredulously while trying to hide a smirk. 
“For you, I will.” Another confused look on his face. 
“Do you need help, Coll? I think you two might need some private time to work on some things,” I said, knowing I’d just become a third wheel. 
“I’ve got it!” Colt said, rising. “I don’t need any help.” He was standing up and seemed like a beaten warrior when he stared down at Colleen like she was his prize. There was so much more to this story than even I wanted to know! 
“I’ll stay; go ahead, Gem,” Coll said, her eyes never straying from Colt. 
“See you guys tonight.” They both nodded, without paying me much attention. I left and drove back to my apartment, the one I shared with my sister and temporarily, with my father. He hadn’t been very chatty lately. Sure, he made small talk, but usually avoided me most of the time. 
I was okay with that, since every other time we talked, we butted heads. It had always been that way. That’s why Gen was the golden child, ready to appease Dad whenever she could. I was just a disappointment. Everything I did fell short of his standards. My mom made up for it by consoling me for so long. Every time I tried to prove that I was just as good, or better than Gen, in his eyes, I failed. Mom and I had a bond, however, that I cherished. I was thankful that at least one of my parents loved me unconditionally. 

 24: “I’m Ready” AJR
Gemma

“Whatcha doing?” Genevieve asked before walking into my room without even a knock. Having just finished getting ready for the show tonight, I spent most of the night trying to deny that my efforts were not for Liam, Gen suspected something; my attempts were thinly veiled.
 She was already dressed as she strolled in and plopped down on my bed.  Her bubbly mood told me Rhys was probably still in her bed. 
Gen saw my frown and her perfect mood slipped, “What’s wrong?” she asked. 
“What happened last night?” I replied, knowing Rhys confided in her and she knew everything. I sat at my vanity to primp, enjoying the new piece of furniture I picked out with Colleen. I decorated my room in classic florals that reminded me of my bedroom at home. Gen sat across from me, and I saw the weariness in her eyes. 
“I was hoping you’d tell me, since you spent the night with Liam,” she replied. Her pointed stare indicated that part of the conversation still wasn’t over. “Why were you with Liam?” Damn! I thought I’d get more time than that. 
“I was worried. First him, and then Trent.”
“Wait. Trent?” Gen looked at me; I suppose her astonishment meant no one informed them about it. “Rhys!” She yelled, almost bursting my eardrum before she ran to the opening of my bedroom to shout his name one more time. He rushed in, still pulling his shirt over his head. 
“What’s wrong?” he asked, relaxing when he realized it was just me. 
I shook my head, knowing my assumptions about them weren’t too far off. 
“You didn’t know about Trent and Colt getting into it last night?” Rhys started cursing in his native language so expertly, I thought he was reciting a kind of Gaelic prayer. The obscenities just kept rolling off his tongue in rapid, perfect succession. 
He pulled out his phone, to call Trent, I assumed. 
Gen sat down at the foot of my bed, moving closer to me.
“Trent asked Colleen to take Liam home; and I drove them both home because I had driven Colleen. You saw me leave with Liam. He wasn’t that bad. When we pulled up to the apartment, we found Trent, and he looked like shit. Beaten to hell, but Colt was even worse.” I described seeing his ravaged face this morning, and continued the story until I reached the part where Colleen and Colt began acting so weird.
“What started this?” Gen asked, sounding just as baffled as I was. 
“With Colt and Liam? That was my fault. Colt told me about the girl with Liam on the night Liam left, which I chanced to throw back in Liam’s face a few minutes before. Colt and Trent? I have no clue, but after this morning, I’m positive it has to be about Colleen.”
“Jesus, Rhys is going to shit his pants!” Gen said, shaking her head. “How are you doing? I haven’t forgotten about you spending the night with Liam.” 
“We are friends now, or trying to be,” I started. “Nothing happened last night.” Her brown eyes stayed on me, waiting and studying my eyes for a clue. “We talked. We listened to music. We slept; that was it.” Again, she watched me, scanning my face for more. How more candid could I be?
“And how do you feel about that? Yesterday, you didn’t want anything to do with him.” I sighed. 
“I don’t know what I want.” She smiled knowingly. “Liam and I are just going to take it slowly.” 
“So I should memorize what you look like now since you plan to be over there all the time?”
“No, I… it’s not like that,” I groaned, feeling exasperated. This wasn’t any game we were playing. “It’s just… I don’t trust him, Gen. He hurt me; and as much as I want to forget about that, I can’t,” I confessed. “For too long, we didn’t think, we just reacted, and we let ourselves get carried away. We’re both thinking now. That means, instead of saying things we’re not sure we mean, we have to back up our words with our actions. We are just beginning to get to know each other.” Gen’s face lit up and I resisted the urge to groan. 
“Good. Bryant will be here soon. He wanted to hang out with us tonight.” 
Rolling my eyes, I asked, “Why are you still pushing him on me?”
“I’m not! I don’t want you with Bryant. I want you with Liam,” she finished with a sweet smile. “Go Team Liam!” She added when I took her smile in with skepticism. That was the same smile she used to get Rhys to jump through hoops for her; but I wasn’t Rhys, and that syrupy smile never worked on me, no matter how many times she used it. 
“What’s with Bryant always being—” I was cut off by my phone ringing. “It’s Ella; can you guys wait for me?” 
“Sure,” she said, giving me a curious look. 
“Hi, Ella,” I started cautiously. I was slightly afraid she was still upset with me. 
“I… Gemma… I really need you.” 
“Ella, are you okay?” 
She sobbed. “No,” she choked out. I slid on my sandals and bolted out my bedroom door. 
“Where are you?” I asked, waving down Rhys so he knew I was leaving before grabbing my keys. I hastily left the apartment and rushed to my car. 
“Boston Medical Center.”
“Are you okay? Ella, you’re scaring me.” 
“Just get here! I need you,” she gasped, sounding small and frightened.  
“I’m on my way,” I replied before driving like a crazy woman. When I parked, I flirted with the idea of calling Liam. He’d want to know if something went wrong with Ella, or the baby.  I paused then, remembering it was Ella, who could be overreacting, so I decided to play it by ear. I looked around the almost deserted ER and found Ella in a corner. She was alone and crying. Her face was red and her eyes were puffy from all the tears. 
“Ella, hun?” I said, giving her a hug. “What’s going on?” She wrapped her arms around me and started crying harder. She sounded like her heart was breaking, if that were possible. Hearing so much anguish and pain in her wails, my tears threatened to fall and I still didn’t even know why she was crying. I held her, for lack of anything better to do. 
“I …” She hiccupped before moving back to her seat and wrapping her arms around her legs. “I woke up bleeding… a lot. I called my doctor who told me to come here immediately. I didn’t know who else to call,” she replied. She seemed to regain some composure, which was nice, since I was rapidly losing mine.
“Are you okay? Are you in pain? Have you called Liam?” She shook her head, trying to think of the right words to explain. 
“No, I just need a friend right now. I’ll call Liam later if there really is anything wrong.” I didn’t dare tell her that something was most definitely wrong. I just took her hand and waited for the nurse to call her name. 
A half hour later, her turn came and she mournfully insisted I go inside with her, despite my look of discomfort, which I know was plastered on my face. I sat in the lone chair in the room as they asked Ella to change into a hospital gown. I toyed with the idea of texting Liam because I was becoming increasingly worried. I didn’t know how to deal with any of it. A nurse came in to take her vitals and she stared at me disapprovingly as I sat in the corner. When the doctor finally came in, I excused myself. I didn’t want to see the poking and prodding. He left a few minutes later and I slowly made my way back into the room. A machine was sitting beside the hospital bed. Ella was sobbing again. I gave her another hug, unsure of what else to do to calm her down. I felt useless. There was no way to console Ella. Her fears were over something precious she created, something she wanted to cherish and love. 
My phone rang and I silenced it, devoting all my attention to my friend, who needed me more. 
“It’s gone!” she sobbed breaking my heart with two small words. “It’s gone!” She shrieked then and almost became hysterical. I fought back my own tears while trying to keep a brave face for her. This was why she called me. I had to be there for her.
“Ella. It’s going to be okay,” I offered weakly. 
“How can this ever be okay? My baby is gone!” I knew nothing could ever take away her emotional pain, but I just hugged her, trying to allay her frenzied emotions. 
“I’m going to call Liam. He’ll want to be here for you.” She started sobbing harder. 
“Please, don’t.” I pulled away from our hug to look at her. 
“Ella, what’s—” I stopped when I saw something new in her distraught eyes. Before I could identify it, she blurted it out.
“It wasn’t his.” I closed my eyes, mentally counting to ten. “I told him it was because… because I knew Liam would step up.” Her shrieking sobs started up again. She looked at me with visible heartbreak. “Oh, God.” She hiccupped. “I have to tell him. He’ll… he’ll…” 
“Ella,” I said, giving her a firm shake. “I’m going to call Liam. He thinks he’s the father.” I tried to conceal my disdain for her. “He’ll want to know. He cares about that baby so he deserves to know.”
“Will he hate me? Do you hate me?” she asked. Those pitiful, puffy, green eyes bored into me.  
“I’d never hate you, El, but eventually, you have to realize you can’t treat people that way. You can’t keep treating yourself like that. You have so much more to offer someone. And some guy is going to see that and love everything about you. Trust me.” She nodded without believing a word I said. At least, she made me feel better about leaving to make my phone call. 
Why I insisted on telling Liam what happened was beyond me. My chest tightened as I thought about how heartbroken he would be to hear everything he once believed, and I even convinced him was true, actually was NOT true. Ella lied the entire time. Why? I was upset for Liam, and not just because I loved him, but also because he did the right thing and got screwed for doing it. How could anyone willingly manipulate another person like that? I pulled out my phone and flipped through all the missed calls. After silencing my phone to devote my attention to Ella, Gen, Coll, and Liam all decided to call me. 
I called Liam back. 
“Gem, I was so worried about you! Where are you? Rhys said you bolted,” Liam screamed over the noise in the club. I could barely hear him. 
“I’m at the hospital with Ella.” 
“What the—”
“You need to get here, Li.”
“I’m on my way, baby,” he replied without hesitation. I heard him shout something and the door slammed before he asked, “What hospital?” 
I rattled off directions and hung up, knowing he would come as fast as he could. He was proving to be the good guy he wanted to be. 

25: “Stop Me When You’ve Had Enough” Neural
Liam

Gemma only scared the shit out of me with that cryptic call. I bolted even though I had a gig. I told Rhys to cover for me as it was an emergency; and he didn’t question me. I never used the emergency card before. 
She was in the hospital with Ella. Rhys and Gen were freaking out about her disappearance several hours ago; and now we discovered it was all for Ella. Ella didn’t know how good she had it. Gemma was a damn good friend to her. If she said anything to contradict or belittle that when I arrived, she was going to hear shit from me. Baby mama or not. 
My throat tightened as I thought it over again. Ella was in the hospital. Was it the baby? Was everything okay? I revved my engine and sped faster, weaving in and out of traffic. I needed to get there already. 
Pulling up, I saw Gemma outside, looking like a lost angel.  Her arms were wrapped around her torso, as if she were trying to comfort herself. I pulled her in for hug before I could even think twice about it. She was here, I was here, and once again, I believed that after we handled this obstacle, she would still be there for me. Even when I became a father. That didn’t scare me anymore, but it was the only thought about my baby that didn’t. 
“Thank God you’re here,” Gem sobbed in relief when she saw me. I kissed the top of her head and took her hand, anxious to know what was going on. “Ella’s not doing very well.”
“What about the…” I let the sentence fall when I saw the sadness in Gem’s eyes. Oh, God! It had to be the baby. My chest suddenly tightened, and I felt afraid of what she might say. She pulled me down a long hall and into a hospital room. 
“They moved Ella to another room. They want to keep her overnight for observation,” Gemma explained. Ella was curled up like a ball in the bed, crying.
“Ella?” I asked, hoping my voice would reassure her that I was there. I intended to keep my promises to both of these girls. I sat on the foot of her bed and she started crying harder while tightening up into her protective ball. 
“You hate me,” she sobbed. 
“Why would I hate you?” She turned around and looked at Gemma for a long moment. An entire conversation passed in their looks. 
“It’s not my place,” Gemma finally said. Ella’s bottom lip quivered as she looked at me. 
“Can I have a moment, Gem?” She nodded and left the room quickly. It was obvious she didn’t want to be there. What was that about? 
I closed my eyes, praying she didn’t realize how much strain a baby could put on our relationship. I refused to lose Gemma again. 
“I lost it,” she confessed with a hiccup and the tears stopped. 
I moved closer to her on the bed and gathered her in my arms. 
“I’m so sorry, Ella,” I whispered. She sniffled, but didn’t cry. Her inner spirit still seemed strong and forceful, not like a girl who just lost her baby.
“I’m so sorry, Liam,” she replied, mimicking me. 
“It’s okay; we’re going to get through this. You’re a strong woman.” She pulled away and looked at me in disbelief. 
“I lied,” she deadpanned, her face only inches from mine. 
“About?” I asked. My apprehension began rising when all her tears dried and disappeared after she saw Gemma. 
“Gemma told me I needed to tell you the truth. I was pregnant and I lost the baby, but the baby was never yours.” I immediately pulled away from her. 
“That’s not funny.” 
“But it’s true.” Fresh, hot, fat tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“I was pregnant a few weeks before you and I had sex. I was almost two months along. That’s why I didn’t want you coming to my doctor’s appointment.” 
The world, as I formerly knew it, seemed to crash down all around me, and at a rapid pace. I stumbled back to the edge of the mattress, trying to move as far away from her as I could without standing. I didn’t think I could trust my legs to support me at the moment. I slammed my fist on the plastic footboard, making a loud, crunching sound. Ella didn’t speak, but her pivotal words sunk into my psyche.
“Why would you do that to me? Did I hurt you that badly?” I growled, upset that all my fears in the beginning turned out to be true. I was totally blinded by a girl. The wrong girl. Ella simply played me, like she played Gemma. God, I hoped she played Gemma.
“I’m sorry,” she mumbled. “ I knew that despite everything else, inside, you’re good. I knew you’d help me.” Ella started to crawl closer, but backed off when she saw my rising temper reddening my face. 
“I can’t fucking believe that!” I said, standing. “I was right the entire time! and I helped you! I said I’d take care of you!” 
“I already admitted you’re a good man,” she replied. 
“And all this time, you were just playing me. And playing Gemma!” I barked accusingly. My anger grew into a rage when I thought of all the things that she told Gemma. Manipulating Gemma, and convincing her to not even look my way. Maybe she knew it too. Is that why she pitied me? 
“Did you tell Gemma this?” I had to know. Losing Gemma was not an option, but I’d walk away if I had to. I couldn’t be with someone so manipulative as to assist with such an elaborate scheme. It would never work; no matter how lovesick I was, or thought I was.
“Right before she called you in. She’s mad at me too.” Ella closed her eyes, trying to halt more tears from falling. “She told me she’d leave if I didn’t tell you. But you guys are all I have,” she wailed as the hiccupping started again. 
“Ella… I… How can you expect me to forgive you after this?” I asked her, softening a bit. She was damaged, and although I thought I was bad, poor Ella really needed help. The pieces of her life were all shattered and scattered. I knew that if she allowed it, some guy would find her and want to put the pieces back together just like Gemma did for me. Naturally, I felt for her. 
“No more lies. Family members never lie to each other. If you want us to be your family, you have to live by that golden rule.” Ella’s green eyes widened as she waited for the proverbial other shoe to drop. “If you pull this shit again with anyone, El, we’re done.” 
“I won’t. I’m so sorry.” I gave her another hug. Damn, I was becoming a big ass softie. If this had happened a couple of weeks ago, or even yesterday, I would have flown off the handle. This room would have been a disaster, and I would have probably been kicked out. But I was still riding on a good mood after spending the night with Gemma and learning I wasn’t going to have a kid after all. “No more lies,” she repeated. The door opened and Gemma entered again. Surprise registered on her face before she could conceal it and give me her best poker face. 
“I called and gave Gen an update. Rhys is subbing for you tonight,” Gemma said, pretending she wasn’t anxious to know what happened between Ella and me. 
“Ella, I’m going to talk to Gemma,” I said, standing. I took Gemma’s hand and guided her back into the hall. 
“I’m so sorry!” We both said simultaneously. I bit back a smile when I glimpsed some pain flashing over her face. 
“You have nothing to be sorry about,” I said, lifting her chin with my finger. 
“I pressured you into helping Ella.” Her eyes met mine and it felt like the first time. Energy jolted through me; Gemma gave me strength I never knew I possessed. 
“I wasn’t helping Ella to help Ella. You know, I’m kind of a selfish bastard.” She smiled. “I did it because there was a chance at the end of it, you’d be there for me. And look! Here you are!” 
“We aren’t—” 
“We’re friends.” I cut her off. My hand tightened around the back of her neck. I fought the urge to crush her mouth under mine like I wanted to. This was so much worse than discovering you’d been lied to. It was like sensual torture and it played with my head. 
I let go of her and she rested her head on my chest. She looked exhausted. “Let’s get out of here,” I started. “I think you need someone to take care of you for a bit.” I started to knead her back and she moaned her appreciation softly. 
“I’m staying with Ella,” she replied, and I rolled my eyes. I was very familiar with the sensation of banging my head against the brick wall when it came to Gemma’s will. 
“Fine,” I grumbled, taking her hand and heading toward the room. 
“For the record,” she stopped me, “I have to admit I’m a little happy that Ella’s not having your baby. I know that’s kind of fucked up to say.” She gave me a cautious smile before entering the room ahead of me. 
She started distracting Ella as soon as she returned to the room. Ella played along somewhat apprehensively, but eventually, everyone always obeys Gemma’s wishes. She’s definitely strong-willed. She’s a blazing fire and no intelligent person messes with fire. I sat in the only chair in the room, listening to the girls chat about school. The promise of an ice cream sundae awaited Ella after she got out of the hospital. 
I pulled out my small notebook, which I kept in my back pocket most days, and for once, the muse of inspiration smiled on me. If I thought I wrote an epic song for Gemma before, this would be so much better. The chords and words blurred in my head as I raced to write it all down.

26: “As Long As You Love Me” Backstreet Boys
Gemma

Ella eventually fell asleep and the nurse kicked us out. She complained it was long past visiting hours and no one should have overlooked our presence. We politely said our goodbyes to the grumpy nurse. 
Liam shoved a notepad into his pocket after writing in it for hours. 
“What were you writing?” I asked, nudging him as we walked to the parking garage. 
He smiled, looking too delicious for his own good. While I felt rumpled and tired, he looked like he could take on the world… and win! 
“A song?” 
“Are you talking about the elusive one-night-stand?” 
“Baby, this one’s got substance,” he replied. My thoughts flashed to last night when he told me he just wanted to write a song with some meaning.
“You did it, and it only took you a day?” I asked incredulously. 
“Of course not. I have to make sure the chords work. And see what it sounds like out loud. Colt and Trent will fix that shit.” He appeared sad as he thought about it. 
“It’s messed up; I finally get you back, but I lose Colt. He’s been my best friend since I moved here.” I took his hand, trying to ease his worry.
“You guys will work it out,” I told him, but Liam shook his head. 
“I talked to Trent this morning. Colt has really lost it if he thinks I’d let his ass anywhere near my baby sister. He could never treat someone like her with enough respect. He doesn’t love her. He just wants her because Trent does.”
“He’s your best friend! Shouldn’t your opinion of him be a little higher than that?” The sidelong look that Liam gave me said it all. 
“He’s my best friend because we think alike. Until you came along, Colt and I were the same.” 
“How do you know Colt can’t change for Colleen? I saw them this morning. He knows he screwed up. He apologized and begged for Coll’s forgiveness. He even promised he wouldn’t drink anymore. 
“Damn! He said all that?” I nodded. 
“I think he learned his lesson.”
“I’m done with this conversation. I need some food; what about you?”
“I’m starved,” I replied, walking up the parking garage stairs, side-by-side. 
“There’s a cafe not too far from here that stays open late.” 
“Great.” Beeping my car open, I waited for Liam to get in, but he walked further and went over to his bike. 
“Can’t leave my baby again.”
“I can bring you back in the morning. I’m coming to see Ella, no matter what.” Those electric blue eyes fell on me, and I needed my last grain of self-control to resist panting in needy desire. 
“Okay. One condition,” he said, raising one finger and giving me a slow, sexy smile. He moved closer to me until almost no space existed between us. 
“Yeah?” I answered breathlessly, leaning into the door of my car to keep my head from spinning. 
“I want another sleepover.” I opened my mouth to argue, but he pressed his finger to my lips. “Just to talk. I know it’s a blurry line, but I’ve never understood anything we do; so why change that now?” My heart was pounding so hard, I felt like I’d just run a marathon. 
“Your place or mine?” His nostrils flared and my knees almost buckled as he looked me up and down. He was not supposed to have such an effect on me. Friends, we are friends, I had to keep repeating. I fought the growing urge to push him into my car and do naughty things with him in a parking garage.
He gave me another sexy smirk that melted my panties in one point two seconds. “I think the better question is: where’s Daddy?””
“The Cape… until tomorrow night.”  He leaned closer until his lips almost touched mine.
“I can’t wait to see this bedroom,” he rasped, instantly causing delicious goose bumps to rise all over my skin. Liam looked down between us and stepped back to open my door for me. 
“Thanks,” I said after finally finding my voice in my lust-filled daze. I had a sneaking suspicion all of these feelings were merely my excitement at the prospect of having Liam all to myself. Ella and her baby were no longer in the picture so all his attention landed on me. Although, I didn’t think it mattered before, now it suddenly relieved me that Ella was not in the picture anymore. I would so go to hell for that thought. I still felt sorry for her, but she deliberately used Liam, scheming with one tactic after another to convince him that she was the girl he really wanted. Whether I happened to be in the picture or not, what she did was wrong. What had she been thinking? No man deserves to be duped like that. 
Liam slid into my car, taking up all the space with his huge body. “I’ll give you directions to the café,” he said, taking my hand. His hand caressed mine, making it impossible for me to focus on driving. 
Luckily, we pulled up to the café unscathed. Liam, being the perfect gentleman, opened my door and escorted me into the crowded restaurant. A hostess seated us at a table by the window and Liam grabbed my menu before I even had the chance to open it.
“I’m partial to the appetizers,” he smiled while handing me the drink menu. 
“So I don’t get an opinion?” I joked. 
“Do you like fried food?” I nodded, “Chicken wings?” I nodded. “Then you’re in luck. I shook my head and laughed. Leave it to Liam to take away my dinner choices while making it sound like fun.
“Find a drink; everything’s good here.” I scanned the long list of beer, cocktails, and wines until our waitress made an appearance. 
“Liam, haven’t seen you in forever. The usual?” the college-aged girl asked sweetly, and very professionally. Most women did not sound professional when it came to Liam. They often palmed him their phone numbers and in not-so-subtle ways.  Her hair was trimmed to a trendy, pixie cut and she wore a uniform consisting of a black shirt and jean shorts that stopped just above her knees. 
“Yeah, been busy and all that.” He smiled, “The usual for me, and whatever Gem wants,” he said, waiting for me to make my decision. They both looked toward me expectantly. 
“Water’s fine for me.” Liam smiled knowingly before waving off the pixie waitress. 
“Not good under pressure?” he joked. I rolled my eyes, showing exactly how I felt about his teasing.
“Or I just really like water,” I quipped, and he gave me a broad smile.  
“So, friend,” he said, and I couldn’t help smiling at the way Liam called me friend. I never thought one word could contain so much frustration, until he said it so expertly. “I have a few questions for you, now that my interrogation began last night.” 
“I’m so scared.” Those startlingly blue eyes met mine in challenge. 
“Who’s Bryant?” I had to burst out laughing. 
“I believe that’s one of our friend rules. No asking about other relationships. No jealousy.” 
“Like hell!” he grumbled, taking my hand in his. “Tell me.” 
“When it’s so much more fun to torture you?” I couldn’t stop laughing. 
All I got from him was a look as his eyes narrowed in visible frustration. 
“Okay.” I bit my lip, thinking how I could draw this out a bit longer. Who could resist a good game? “He’s my ex-boyfriend,” I admitted, and his eyes narrowed to thin slits. 
“You hugged him; why?” he asked, leaning across the table and dropping my hand to propel himself even closer.
“We’re friends,” I replied, moving in to meet his challenge.
“No, fuck no. You are not friends with him.” I smiled and put my hand over his. It wasn’t friend-like, and a big distinction must be noted here between my friendship with Liam, and my friendship with Bryant. 
“Don’t worry, that friendship is not like ours. You couldn’t pay me to go back with him.” His face softened at hearing my words. 
“What happened?” 
I shrugged, preferring to keep that buried, but after everything Liam divulged the other night, I couldn’t refuse. “He dumped me. That’s Bry. Remember? The one I told you about at the Cape.”
“The ass-clown that was in love with Gen?” 
“Yeah. I’m trying to work things out with him so we can be friends.”
“Why would you do that? He left you!” he snapped.
“I don’t know; he’s not the only guy that left me,” I replied glumly.  
“Gemma?” he said, sounding pained. “I’m not Bryant. And you’re all I want.”
I nodded, wanting to believe him, but what if this was just another game?
“He’s the idiot that attacked Gen, right?” His hands balled into fists on the table when I nodded, so I waited for him to figure it all out. I knew Rhys talked to Liam. Rhys had a lot to say when it came to Bryant. 
Nibbling and picking out a few appetizers, I was waiting for Liam to cope with what I just told him. 
“Gen forgave him. Rhys and I are trying to back her up,” I replied. 
“So you’re really not friends?” he asked, almost relieved. 
“I’m trying, but it’s hard to trust a guy that broke your heart to date your sister and treated you like absolute crap, that ceased to exist when he finally got what he wanted.” 
“Sounds like he needs a good ass-kicking.”
“No, he’s been trying to improve lately. Really hard. He took classes, and went back to therapy. He’s trying to be a good guy. I just don’t see how I can handle two reformed bad boys!” I joked, hoping to lighten the mood. 
It worked and Liam smiled before shoveling a fistful of onion rings into his mouth. He ate them at warp speed. 
Liam, thankfully, treaded on lighter topics for the rest of the meal. We joked and laughed again about the whole dressing Colleen thing. I knew he just needed a few days and some distance to handle it without becoming an overprotective brute. 
We made it back to my apartment, which turned out to be blissfully empty. I turned on the hall lights to give Liam an impromptu tour. After pointing out the living room, dining room, and kitchen, I told him Genevieve’s room was across the apartment, and my room and the guest room were side-by-side, but completely over on the other side of the apartment. 
“I originally chose Gen’s room because it was the master and huge, but I felt sympathetic knowing Gem wanted to have Rhys over as often as possible. Dad didn’t need to hear what went on there. If he did, he might try to murder another Moore!
“Nice digs,” Liam answered, looking in every direction. His hand glided over the granite counter top before we headed towards my room. The best part of my bedroom was a small balcony. Yes, it was smaller than Gen’s, but it had its own bathroom and a private balcony, besides the one in the living room.
“Wanna see my room, or are you still admiring the art work?” Liam never needed to be asked a question more than once, especially when beds were involved. He followed me into my room and we looked at each other cautiously. Neither of us knew what this new twist in our relationship might mean. 
“No sex?” he inquired. “ I don’t know if I can keep that promise anymore,” he added before making his way toward me.
I closed my door. “Why not? We can do what we did last night. We can just sleep,” I said, moving further into my room and digging through my drawers. 
“Gem, that took about all my self-control. I’m hornier than a twelve-year-old with his first Playboy,” he said, moving until he was only a few inches from me. Being so close, he made all my normally functioning brain activities forget their purpose. Breathing, for instance: so didn’t remember how to do that. Blinking? not a clue how that worked either.  
“Gross,” I complained. He placed his hands on my shoulder as I continued fiddling through my drawers. My hands stilled when I felt his warm mouth touching the base of my neck. I closed my eyes. God, I wanted this so bad too.

27: “It Was Always You” Maroon 5
Liam

As I rolled over, the pillow’s lacy fringe sent an acute pain coursing through my head when it grazed the cut on my eyebrow. I sat up, grumbling a few choice words. Looking around, I took in the sweet floral patterns on the comforter and curtains, instantly reminding me that I was in Gemma’s room. Never was I so happy to wake up after making out with a girl! I made out like a sex-depraved fourteen-year-old, and I was totally okay with it. 
That was another step in getting Gemma back. If we were kissing, or talking, then we weren’t fighting. We were going someplace. Wiping the shit-eating grin off my face, I started for the door, hoping to find Gemma eating and smiling, and just as dopey as I was. As I got closer to the door, I heard Gemma’s voice. She was talking to someone and her voice seemed higher than normal. I started to open the door, and before I could move, I felt someone pulling it closed. I looked at the door. What the hell was going on?
That’s when I heard her father and some other guy talking to her. 
“Oh, Dad, no. The three of you have fun without me. I don’t want to hold you up.”
“Nonsense, honey, Bryant can wait for you.” 
My hands balled into fists. The hell Bryant was waiting for her! 
“It’s okay; I’m tired. I just wanted a glass of water before I went back to sleep.”
“Well, if you change your mind, you know where we’ll be.” 
“Of course.” She closed her door cautiously. After I heard it click shut, she asked, “Are you mad?”
“Not mad… just pissed that I had to listen to your dad trying to set you up with someone.” She walked towards me, a smile lighting up her unmade face, and wrapped her arms around my neck. 
“Last night…” I leaned in to kiss her before she ended her sentence. I hoped this morning had a little more to offer. And it didn’t hurt that, even at nine in the morning, Gemma tasted sweet and perfect. I deepened the kiss, longing to finally get my fill, but it never happened with Gemma. I just craved her more, no matter how much she gave me. 
“Is it safe to say our friend zone was obliterated?” 
“Babe, you could never be my friend,” I growled before I picked her up. I carried her to the extremely girly bed that characterized Gem. 
“So?” She waited, looking at me. “What are we?”
“What we’ve always been, but you continually denied.”
“I denied?” She scoffed. “What about you?”
“Okay we both denied it, happy?”
“Very.” 
“Good, because I don’t think I’ve had enough of my girl yet.” Gemma froze. 
“Your girl?”
I closed my eyes. Damn! I didn’t mean to sound like a possessive ass, but I couldn’t help it with her. 
She looked at me for a long moment, presumably pondering that before she broke out into a sweet smile, directed only at me. “You’ve never called me that before.” 
“You would have punched me in the balls before,” I reasoned. 
She laughed as she considered that, “Okay, you’re probably right. So does that mean…”
I waited for her to finish the sentence, but she didn’t. “Go on,” I said, opening her robe. She let my hands explore her soft body as I trailed kisses over her collarbone.
“We’re exclusive?” she asked. 
I looked up, totally surprised. Were Gemma and I finally on the same page? 
“Honey, it’s only been you. No one else. I don’t ever want anyone else. Whatever label you want to put on it, you can. I’ll be your boyfriend. I’ll even be your bitch, as long as you’ll have me,” I quipped. 
She laughed, “Why does everything have to be a joke with you?” 
“My love for you is no joke,” I deadpanned. “I love you, Gemma. I only want you.” Her eyes brightened with unshed tears. 
“I love you too, Liam.” 
“Damn, more perfect words were never spoken,” I finished before kissing her again. She moaned when my mouth found that sweet spot on her neck. Her hands tightened on my shoulders and she let me take control. 
“Gemma!” Then a loud banging on her door interrupted us. We both groaned in disappointment. Gemma stood up and retied her silk robe closed just before Genevieve barged in. She took one look at Gem, and then at me before shouting, “Rhys Thomas Moore, get your ass in here!” 
“Did you just middle name Rhys?” I asked, unable to hide the wise guy inside me. He invariably presented himself at the most inopportune times. Rhys bolted across the apartment, hastily pulling on a shirt as he entered Gem’s room. 
“Really?” Rhys asked Gen. “I thought it was important.” 
“This is important,” Gen replied, slapping his chest. “What’s going on?” 
“What’s going on over there?” Gemma asked. The girls glared at each other in a stalemate. 
Rhys looked at me. “Tell me I don’t have to fix anything; and you guys have come to your senses, and the drama is over,” Rhys replied, getting to the point. I smiled as the girls started to bicker. 
“We’re like Facebook Official,” I chimed in using my best impersonation of Gemma. Gemma smiled, and Gen never could resist laughing at my smartass remarks. 
“Thank God,” Gen said. 
“You got the better end of this deal,” Rhys said to me, “because you’re a pain in the ass.” 
“Love you too, bro,” I said before blowing him a kiss. He just glared in response. 
Gemma fell on the bed beside me. I pulled her onto my lap and nuzzled her cheek. 
“This is cute and all, but can we hear about Ella?” Gen persisted before dropping into the oversized chair that sat in the corner of Gemma’s room. 
I groaned and gave Gemma a reassuring peck before she started talking. 
“Ella had a miscarriage.” When Gemma said it, I caught a glimpse of how much guilt she was hiding. She gave me a look that I’d seen from many girls. The What-Have-I-Done? look and it damn near broke my heart. We were together now, and there was no way I would allow Gemma to change her mind. “I told them she was in the hospital last night and it was about the baby,” Gemma clarified for me. 
“That’s so sad.” 
“There’s more,” I added, looking at Gemma. She nodded, allowing me to continue. 
“It wasn’t mine.” Rhys smiled momentarily, but it fell off his face when he saw how stricken Gemma seemed. 
“Ella knew all along it wasn’t mine.” 
“That b—” Rhys started.
I cut him off, knowing whatever he said would just upset Gem further. “She’s Gemma’s friend. I already forgave Ella. She apologized. No one needs to sic Colleen on her!” I emphasized. 
“Can I go to the hospital with you?” Gen asked Gemma. 
“I want to get some more sleep before I head over there. Right, Li?” Gemma asked, reverting back into my sweet minx. 
“I know what that is code for,” Gen said, standing. “Oh, by the way… Dad’s around with Bry and his dad; watch out.” 
“Already saw them,” Gemma replied with a roll of her eyes before standing and accompanying Gen and Rhys out of her room. “Finally alone,” she sighed when she returned.
“What’s going on up there?” I asked, kissing the top of her pretty head. 
“Nothing.”
“Gem?” 
“Don’t you think this is awful timing? I don’t want Ella to hurt anymore than she already is.” 
“Babe, you can’t live your life for everyone else! You have to find your own happiness. Only you can make yourself happy. You deserve that too.” 
She nodded, but I could tell she didn’t believe me. 
I kissed her forehead, cheeks, nose, and mouth. She eventually emerged from that dark place of doubt, which her former guilt condemned her in her mind. 
“I love you, Gemma,” I repeated, trying to fortify her. I was ready to spend everyday of my life helping her shelve those thoughts, if she needed my help. She did that and so much more for me. She made me believe that I deserved love. She showed me I could love someone for the first time.
“I love you too, Liam.” 

28: “Intoxicated” The Cab
Liam

Spending the whole night and following morning with Gemma was exactly what I needed before I faced Colt. I had to fix all the shit between us. We both had to get our acts together and work like the well-oiled machine MMRD used to be. 
Knocking on his door, my apprehension unexpectedly bitch-slapped me. What if he didn’t want me here? What if something was really going on with Colleen? I didn’t want to kill my best friend. We had been through too much for that to happen. 
He opened his door and looked me up and down. I can only imagine what a sorry sight we were. My eye wasn’t swollen, but still bruised and battered, while Colton was literally covered in bruises. He definitely looked like the loser of the boxing match. 
“Oh? You show up now? Where were you last night?” 
“I’m sorry,” I started, temporarily at a loss for words. “I’m sorry about fighting with you. I’m sorry about arguing with you. I’m sorry about ditching the show last night. Man, we can’t stay mad like this.” 
“Why’d you ditch, anyway?” he asked, which surprised me. 
“Rhys didn’t tell you?” He shook his head. 
“No one but Colleen bothered to talk to me yesterday.” I pulled him in for a hug. This was my best fucking friend; I didn’t treat my friends like that. 
“You done with that shit?” he asked, pushing me away in usual Colt fashion. No one ever appreciated how loving I could be. That was their loss. 
“’Fraid a girl’s gonna see?” I challenged him. He gave me a dark look. “Ella. She was in the hospital,” I continued, anxious to get to the point. 
“Dude, I didn’t… I still can’t believe she’s…” He shivered, unable to even say the word pregnant. I thought I was a commitment-phobe, but Colt took the cake on that one. 
“She’s not anymore.” 
“Oh, shit!” I nodded as a small pang of disappointment settled into my chest. It happened every time I said it. “I’m sorry, man.” 
I shrugged, momentarily ignoring my feelings. I still had everything I wanted: Gemma, a baby-free life. I had to count my blessings and take what happened with Ella as the lesson it was meant to be. 
“It’s okay; in the end, I got something much better. Gemma and I worked it out.” 
He nodded his approval. Despite how much Colt disagreed with me about Gemma, I knew he was genuinely happy for me. 
“I love her. We’re solid.” 
“Congrats,” he started, but since he still hadn’t let me into his dorm, it was awkward for me to bear my soul in a dorm hallway. 
“Man, we need to figure this out. I wrote a song last night; and all I could think about was getting it to you and Trent. We’ve been through worse.” 
“You know I can’t say no to a new song!” He smiled and let me into his room, closing the door behind me.
“So even though Colleen is my sister, I have to ask this question. I promise, you will not be injured for answering truthfully. What’s going on?” 
Colton’s face looked tired, like that question had already been asked a million times. 
“She gets me, Liam. Colleen is the only one besides you who knows what I’ve been through. She’s not disgusted by it, and she still smiles at me and treats me like I’m not damaged goods.” 
“That’s her gift.” I replied honestly. “She always sees the good in everyone because that’s what she looks for. She listens in a way that tells you she’s rooting for you.” 
“Exactly. I’ve always been afraid to open up, if you know what I mean.” I did; and Colt had it hard, but he didn’t have to flee from his past the way my family did. He lived with it until it became unbearable and he planned his escape. Colt was spending most of his time at my house when we first met. Around sixteen, I remember him staying more nights at my house than at his. And he practically lived with us during those last two years before college. “There’s never going to be a girl like Gemma for me. I’m too damaged. I could never give a girl what she truly deserves.”
“But Colleen?” 
“She calls me on my shit. I already gave up drinking for her.” He shook his head, as if he still could not believe he actually did it.  
“That’s good to hear,” I replied, and he shrugged, seeming irritated. 
“It fucking sucks.” 
“If Colleen can change you, I won’t try to stand in your way. Granted, Gemma and Gen keep telling me she has a thing for Trent. So good luck with that, man. She’s a grown woman so I guess we have to let her make her own decisions. Even if I want to knock both of your teeth out for looking at her the way you do.” 
Colt laughed. “Nice one. Because even shit-faced, I still caused damage. What will I do sober?” he asked philosophically. 
Giving him a dark look, I fell onto his futon and picked up his guitar. I knew my song backwards and forwards. I didn’t even need to see the chords and words. They were part of me like they became last night. Strumming slowly, I played the song without any words for the first time. I slowly plucked the strings so Colt could hear every note. He stood with his arms folded and listened. He only stopped me once to mention an awkward progression. I changed a few notes and he approved. After playing it twice, I introduced the words. For once, Colt didn’t interrupt. When I finished, he just looked at me. 
“How long did it take you to write that?”
“Yesterday.” 
He didn’t say anything for a long time. All of my songs invariably took much longer than that. One day was damn near impossible, and probably a world record; but staring at Gemma, the words and music just flooded my brain. All I could do was try to keep up and write them all down. 
I played the entire song again, and this time, Colt spoke up.
“You sure Gemma didn’t write it?” I rolled my eyes and he just smiled. 
“Li, that’s amazing. We should use it.”
I felt relieved after gaining his approval. He was by far the toughest critic in the band, and my song earned the green light without much persuasion on my part. 
We reworked some of the segues that didn’t sound as smooth as I liked. Colt suggested some higher notes, encouraging me that I could hit them. Yeah, he didn’t have to sing the entire set, but I agreed; I was so relieved to finally be doing this song. 
Colt and I spent the remainder of the afternoon adjusting my song. After we finished it to our mutual satisfaction, we split up to get ready for our last gig of the week. 
Colt slapped me hard on the back before I left. “That was Electric.”
“Funny,” I snapped back. I expected a few jokes about the song title, so was that the best he could do? 
“It was electrifying?” he amended. “I think I’m gonna use that one,” he mocked. 
“Asshole!” I replied before leaving. 
I headed to my apartment to change. The apartment was eerily quiet; Colleen and Trent had already left for the show. I changed clothes, grabbed my shit, and bolted. 
Just as I pulled up to the bar, I noticed Colleen and Rhys waiting for me. 
Suspicious, I pulled my helmet off and strode forward, knowing something was going on. 
Colleen was practically bouncing when I reached them. “What’s going on?” Rhys smiled, reassuring me it wasn’t bad. Colleen let out an ear-piercing girly shriek that shot straight through my head. She started talking rapid fire like Gemma often did. Sometimes, Gem talked so fast when she was excited that I couldn’t understand a single word she said. Colleen was picking up her worst habits!
“So now that you’re in the loop again…” Colleen said, taking my arm and escorting me into the club. Rhys kept pace with us as Colleen continued to gush about a surprise party they were planning for Gen and Gemma in two weeks. 
“Wait. Let me get this straight,” I started, interrupting Colleen. “So if I hadn’t gotten back with Gemma, you guys just wouldn’t have invited me?” My siblings exchanged a look that confirmed my suspicions. 
“Well, I mean, we knew you and Gem would figure it out. Besides, we wanted to talk to you about the set list.” 
“Set list? What the—”
Rhys looked at Colleen, but he spoke instead. “I talked to the rest of the band and they agreed to play some of Gen and Gemma’s favorite songs for their birthday.”
“Their favorite songs? No! You mean like Backstreet Boys?” I asked, recalling only too well Gemma’s sick addiction to boy bands. My most recent experience with her iPod only proved that Trent and Colt had no idea what they were getting themselves into. 
“Are you in?” Colleen asked cheerily. Would I be a dick if I said I didn’t want to serenade my girlfriend with One Direction for her birthday?
“Of course, I’m in. It’s for the girls,” I huffed, exasperated. We walked towards the back. “I can’t believe you weren’t going to tell me this shit.” Coll gave me her best sad face, trying to make me forget. 
“Think of it more like we all trusted you to patch things up with Gemma,” Rhys said with a light nudge to my shoulder. 

29: “Birthday” by Katy Perry
Gemma
Two weeks later…
The boys are acting so weird, I thought for the hundredth time. Rhys and Liam insisted that we dress up in our best clothes and have a romantic double dinner date to celebrate our birthday. How is that romantic? I mean, I loved Gen and Rhys, but all of my birthday plans were rated R or sexier. 
I have to admit that dinner was nice; especially since my dad left last night for good. He insisted he needed a vacation with Mom. We didn’t complain, of course, and while he prepared for his departure, I was planning my first night with Liam where I didn’t have to sneak him out of my room under cover of darkness. 
Rhys said something I completely missed, but everyone laughed, so I did too. Liam gave me a questioning look. He was starting to know me too well and picked up on everything. I thought he was emotionally stunted, but when that boy cared and paid attention, he was like a mind reader. I loved that about him. I found a lot more to love about him. Of course, I loved the way he looked, (I’m still shallow), and I love the way he makes me smile, even when I feel like it’s impossible. I love the way he kisses my forehead and then kisses my lips. I love the way he kisses, in general. Every kiss we share, I swear, is like him conquering another part of my soul, thereby destroying me for any other man. 
Liam opened the back door for me and I slid into the back seat of Genevieve’s SUV. Rhys was driving and they were talking back and forth. Liam smiled at me and leaned in, planting a sweet kiss on my lips. He pulled away quickly and brushed that kissable mouth against my ear as he started to whisper things that weren’t meant for public consumption. Perhaps I failed to mention that Liam could melt panties with his smile, and that also applied to his words. The man was talented, which was yet another thing to love about him.
We got so carried away last week, we actually broke his bed. I felt awful about it, but he just laughed it off and said he was meaning to get a new one anyway. While he was asleep that night, I went on Amazon and ordered a new one. That preceded our only fight since getting together, which is kind of impressive considering how often we clashed in the past. When he got the bed a few days ago, however, he sure played a different tune. He immediately loved it so I was right. Who knew?
“I left my phone at your apartment,” Rhys said, interrupting the string of naughty words Liam was whispering into my ear. “We pick it up and head out dancing?” 
“I’m in,” Liam replied against my neck, which resulted in more delicious goose bumps. His eyes seemed to glow as he watched me. 
“Who decided a double date was a good idea?” Gen inquired before giving us a dirty look. 
“Your idea, not mine,” I replied, still watching Liam. Would it be okay to just maul him a little? Even if our siblings were watching? He pulled me onto his lap. I closed my eyes and relished the feeling of being enveloped in everything Liam. 
“No sex!” Rhys warned curtly. 
“Dude, I wouldn’t do that with you in the car. Now, when you leave to get your phone…” He trailed off, and his electric blue eyes stayed transfixed on my mouth. 
“You’re so coming in with me now!” We both groaned in disappointment. 
Gen just shook her head and made a disgusted sound. Rhys turned into the parking garage under our building and parked. We all got out of the car and I slowly slid off Liam’s lap, torturing him a bit. I learned a few tricks in the last two weeks.
He groaned and snapped his reply, “Do you expect to make it to dancing tonight?” 
“Maybe,” I answered devilishly before sauntering past him toward the elevator. Rhys pulled Liam to the back of the elevator and they started talking in hushed tones as soon as we got on. Gen and I exchanged a confused look, but shrugged it off. Being brothers, they had a right to weirdness too. Gen and I sure had it mastered. 
Gen pulled out her key and the boys lagged behind us as she opened the door. A bright glare of flashing lights along with a chorus of shrieks saying, “Surprise!” greeted us. 
I stepped back, completely shocked. Looking at the large group of assembled people, our friends, I only wanted to see my conniving boyfriend. He was smiling, and appeared so damn proud of himself. 
Gen started laughing and hugged Rhys, then Liam. Colleen appeared out of nowhere and got a hug as well. “You guys did this for us?” 
“Well, it was mostly Colleen,” Liam admitted as he let go of me and Gen. I rushed over to Colleen for a group hug. 
Music started playing and I noticed the makeshift stage in our living room with Trent and Colt performing. “Shut up! You guys are playing?” Gen shrieked excitedly.
 Liam was pulling me into another hug. “Colleen made us a play list and we’ve been practicing for weeks.” I couldn’t help squealing with excitement. 
The amazing Colleen said some parting words before leaving us to take the stage. 
“As you all know, the twins date my brothers, Liam and Rhys. I have so many stories about how hilarious and amazing they are, but I’ll start with a recent one before we get back to the music. I unofficially live with my brother, Liam. He and Gemma are in love; and it’s nauseating. Since I began sharing this apartment, I’ve had the misfortune of overhearing them break Liam’s bed.” Laughing erupted from the crowd and I almost died of embarrassment. Liam just laughed and hugged me from behind as he listened. “A few days later, a new bed frame shows up at the apartment. Gem and Liam not so quietly argued about it until it was assembled. My brother, being the idiot that he is, had to take his foot out of his mouth because Gemma was right; the new bed frame was perfect for him. I’ll have plenty of stories all night; and Gen, you’re next. But first, some music.” 
The speakers boomed as Colleen started singing a Katy Perry song. I laughed, dancing with my boyfriend, and hugging and thanking my friends along the way. 
After a few songs, Liam left me to sing a couple. I loved him for even trying. Ella and Kennedy were by my side as Liam took the stage, flashing his panty-melting smile on the audience and singing…. wait for it… a Backstreet Boys song! If it were possible, I loved him even more for loving me enough to do it.
I danced, I laughed, I joked, and I admired the perfection that Liam sought with all his covers of Gen’s and my favorite bands. Colleen took over again, and I noticed Rhys leave Gen. Gen came up to me and the girls. 
“What’s going on?”
“I think there’s a big number in your future,” Kennedy hinted. This was, hands-down, turning into one of the best birthdays ever. It would have never have happened if those Moore boys hadn’t weaseled their way into our hearts. I’m sure my smile would be permanently frozen onto my face after tonight.
The curtains pulled back and I couldn’t help the laugh that escaped me. Liam, Rhys, Trent, and Colton were wearing matching outfits and they all had mics in their hands. 
“Oh, this is going to be so good!” Gen said, whipping out her phone and opening the video app.  
Liam started with “You and I” by One Direction. All the boys joined for the chorus and smoothly switched over to ‘That’s What Makes You Beautiful.” I couldn’t help screaming like a groupie. And let’s face it: I totally was. They stopped singing and started another song. Rhys began singing “Little Things.” I noticed Colleen came out and sat at her drums as Colt and Trent grabbed their instruments. Liam was smiling like he was about to share a big secret. The guys were still singing with Rhys as they prepped for whatever was next. Rhys and Liam ended the song and Rhys hopped off the stage. Liam was watching me closely as he started playing guitar with Trent. Colleen was drumming a sexy rhythm I never heard before. 
When Liam opened his mouth, I understood. “Guys, I’ve made my fair share of dumb comments, saying things like I’d never, ever sing a love song. Not only have I ruined that for months, but today that’s all we’ve done. This next song is bigger than that. It’s everything I wanted to say to Gemma when she was too smart to date me. This is your song, baby.” He said the whole introduction while watching me closely. 
My heart dropped to my toes as the beat continued until Liam finally started singing: 
I’ve had my share of chemistry.
Ladies just can’t let me be. 
Then I see you dissing me 
And my world crashed.

Nowhere, no one causes those chills like you.
No place, no one can make me feel electric like you.  
We touch, we kiss and, baby, it’s electric. 

Every move you make is for me, it’s sweet and tantric. 
People look, but never understand our magic. 
I don’t know what to call it, but it’s electric.

My veins are burning up, you see.  
Infection spreads through all of me. 
Your love, I need it desperately. 
So baby can you let us be?

Nowhere, no one causes those chills like you.
No place, no one can make me feel electric like you.  
We touch, we kiss and, baby, it’s electric. 

Every move you make is for me, it’s sweet and tantric. 
People look, but never understand our magic. 
I don’t know what to call it, but it’s electric.

I didn’t even know what to say. It was not traditionally romantic, but coming from Liam, I knew it was the most sincere and loving gesture he could ever make. I jumped on stage and started kissing him before he ended the song. 
He pulled away at first with that cocky smile of his. He knew I would love it. “Remember that night you asked me what I was writing?” 
I nodded, picturing the night in Ella’s hospital room when he wouldn’t stop writing. The night we finally got together. 
“That’s when I wrote it. You provided all the inspiration. And you will continue to be my inspiration for life,” he said before kissing me again. 
“Okay, enough of that,” Colleen complained, shoving us off the stage. “I’ll take over while you devour him.” Colleen winked at us knowingly. 
No one had to tell me twice. 
“So I gave you a fantastic story about Gen and Rhys’s clearly clueless courtship. Here’s another one about Gemma and Liam.” I stopped, anxious to hear this. 
“This next song I first sang with Gemma during karaoke. I wanted to rap, and she wanted to subtly stick it to my brother. Of course, I didn’t know that when we picked the song. I think she just said there’s a cool rap, and we should do that one. Anyway, if you didn’t know it already, Gemma is a kickass singer. She knows how to pick a song that will make Liam stand there with his mouth hanging open.” 
Everyone laughed and I just shook my head. 
“I really didn’t care. I wasn’t trying to stick it to you,” I said, turning to Liam. He shook his head in disbelief. 
“Oh, yes, you were, baby.” Colleen sang the hell out of that song, and way better than me. That girl was like a weapon. I didn’t think people could be good at every single thing they did, but Colleen was a superpower. “Where were we?” he asked, starting to kiss my neck again. His hands were around my waist, pulling me closer to him, and I knew just how excited he was. 
“Don’t you have to entertain people?” I inquired.
“Only person I have to entertain tonight is the birthday girl,” he whispered in my ear. That was all I needed. I began dragging him into my bedroom, anxious to officially get through all those dirty things he promised me in the car. Best. Birthday. Ever.

Epilogue: “Amnesia” Five Seconds of Summer
Colleen

“When I was a little girl, my ma always said ‘Never settle for anything less than perfection, because that is all you deserve.’”
“I have lived my life since the age of seven according to those words. I deserve perfection. My problem is: I already encountered perfection. When I was eight years old, my brothers brought over their friend, Trent. Out of all their friends, Trent was the only one that treated me like a person and not a disease. 
“One day, when Trent and Colt were over, Colt pulled my pigtails and told me girls weren’t allowed to play with them. I left crying, and Trent followed me. At ten years old, he was one of the most sensitive people I ever met. 
“He said, ’Don’t feel bad about Colt. He’s just being mean. I like you, Colleen; you can play with us whenever you want.’ I remembered looking up at him, my vision blurry with tears and smiling despite it all. 
“’Why do I have to be a girl? I just want to play with you, guys,’ I replied, and he looked at me for a long moment before tilting his head to the side. 
He said, ‘What if you had a boy’s name?’ 
“’Colt would never let me play with you…’ 
“’I will talk to Colt. Pick a name.’ I didn’t know what to do or say, so I shrugged. 
“’How about Colin? It’s close to Colleen.’ I smiled again despite the tears. 
“’So I’m one of the boys?’ I asked. 
“’Can’t wait to play with you tomorrow, Colin,” he replied. I ran into my house, hoping to avoid hearing what Trent and Colt would fight about. Colt always fought. He scared me sometimes; he was just a big bully. Trent was older, so I knew I could trust him when he said, ‘I’d be one of the boys tomorrow.’ 
“When I was ten years old, I made a list, mapping out my love life. Since age eight, Trent has been my hero. At ten, I decided he would also be my first kiss. Liam and Rhys were obsessed with girls, and I wasn’t really interested in boys, just Trent. After I planned our first kiss, I planned our marriage, kids, and retirement. I’m a bit of a micro-manager. I’ve added and critiqued the list every year since. 
“My first kiss was with Trent. I stole it actually. Trent was twelve. He was sitting on my front stoop with Rhys until he started cat-calling some girl he liked. 
“I walked up to Trent, and all he said was, ‘What’s up, Colin?’ 
“I sat beside him and said, ‘I want to be Colleen again.’ 
“He shrugged and mumbled, ‘Whatever.’ 
“He looked sad, I leaned forward and kissed him. It was only a peck, and I was ten years old, but it was still the epitome of perfection. My first kiss was perfect. I was lucky to find my soulmate so quickly. 
“Only problem was afterwards: Trent stared at me like I’d grown another head. He backed away from the steps and bolted home. I never kissed him again.” 
“So let me get this straight,” Gemma, my brother, Liam’s girlfriend, began after taking a huge gulp of her super caffeinated latte. “One kiss at age ten is what you’re basing your obsession with Trent on?” 
“Have you kissed anyone else?” Genevieve, Gemma’s sister and my brother Rhys’s girlfriend, inquired. 
“I had a boyfriend in high school,” I snapped defensively. “But it never felt like it did with Trent.” 
“Do you think maybe you’re building it up in your head into being some great moment when it really wasn’t?” I actually had thought about that a lot. 
“Amen,” Gemma added. 
“Maybe, but…” 
Their matching pointed looks made me close my mouth and I remained silent. 
“So nothing has happened since?” Gemma asked. 
I closed my eyes, trying to forget what a fool I made of myself only three weeks before. 
“Sounds like something happened,” Gen surmised, and I gave her a dark look. 
“Well… um… I tried to kiss him again.” Gemma gave me a pained look as she recalled that night with Trent. 
“Tried?” Genevieve asked. 
They looked at each other and I knew there was an entire conversation going on between them. They didn’t need words to convey their ideas and feelings. It was cool to see and actually made me a little jealous that I didn’t have a sister or such a tight bond with someone. 
“The night I took care of Trent. We were talking, and he was being so sweet. I just moved in without thinking and he turned away. He apologized afterwards, so that means he must care?” 
Gen and Gem did that twin thing again, eyeing each other in tacit conversation. 
They each reached out and took hold of my hands. “Maybe it’s time we find you someone else?” Gemma suggested. 

Acknowledgments:
Thanks to Teri, The Editing Fairy for a great job editing!
Thanks to my husband for being patient and less attention needy the more I do this writing thing.
Special thanks to all the readers that pick up my books the second they come out! You rock!

If you enjoyed One More Night... Be sure to check out other works by Lyza Ledo...
Secrets Trilogy- Available today!
Secret's Out
Hidden
Revelations
The Rena Files - Available today!
The Rena Files
Puzzled
Familiar
Return
Freefall
Encante Series
Enchanted
Enlightened
Entitled -Coming in 2016
Deserters Trilogy
Deserted
Relinquished- Coming in 2016
MMRD Series
One More Time
One More Night
One More Kiss--Coming in 2016
For more on Lyza Ledo: find her at Lyzaledo.com, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, & Goodreads.

Also check out a sneak peak of Deserted, the Dystopian trilogy, you can't wait to dive into...

Chapter 1
Somewhere in Nevada, 2019

I have never lived a life without war. That’s all I seem to know. That was what I was born into exactly one month after. On February 14th, 2000, an invasion occurred. Earth was occupied. Seventy-five percent of the population died within the first week of this alien occupation. It would later be called The Day of Damnation, ironic considering February fourteenth used to be some sort of romantic day. Now it just symbolized death and loss for the remainder of life on this planet. After that day, humans were damned to a life of slavery or a life running from their impending death. There was no in between.
On The Day of Damnation, whole continents were destroyed, and all that was left were the Americas; North America, South America, and Central America, the last remaining bodies left for humans or other organisms to even inhabit. 
Presently, most of South and Central America are abandoned due to a drought that lasted several years. North America, particularly the Northeast in what was formally New York, has become the hub for the new society. A society protected by the Demorians. 
The Demorians were the ones to destroy everything; they were the invaders. No one knows where they came from, but they are far more advanced than humans ever hoped to be. Nuclear weapons looked like toys compared to the Demorian monstrosities they wielded against us. Their weapons brought humans to their knees, making us wish for death all in one day.
Presently, a cold dictatorship was in place. The Hub, or New York was where loyal humans reside. They declared their loyalty to the Demorians and were implanted with tracking devices. Demorian humans always had a blinking blue light on their left wrist from the GPS implanted in them. 
Since I’m not a Demorian human, I am unaware if the fables are true. Some have said that not only were these chips tracking devices, but they gifted the human with a single Demorian power. Another story I’ve heard was that they could essentially kill the human by stopping the tracking device. Finally, one of the scariest items I have heard, was the fact that The Demorians can push past the humans’ brain activity and use the humans as robots. 
Because no one outside of The Hub knows the truth, The Deserters, where I happened to belong, are always cautious. Though it is rare, we could never be sure when a Demorian human was in our midst. The easiest way to spot one is the blinking light, but it isn’t always visible. We are cautious, and many of the Deserters have fled far away from The Hub in the hopes of finding safety. 
Safety as a Deserter is always just a distant dream. The Demorians have taken the offensive when dealing with us. They kill first and ask questions later. Not that there is anyone left to question them. Hourly attacks have destroyed most of the Deserter population. How many? I’m not sure. We don’t exactly congregate. It’s just too dangerous. We live in small groups mostly. We do our own hunting, building, etc. Trade does occur occasionally and that is where I am heading. 
I have found a small family not too far from where my sister and I were hiding. The father was a former doctor and had promised me some medical supplies for bringing his family food. I have three rabbits for the family. I needed the supplies. I wasn’t sure Juniper would make it the week without proper medical treatment. 
Juniper Crane is my baby sister. She’s fifteen and was injured two days ago in one of the hourly attacks. She knew she was supposed to seek hiding at the beginning of each hour, but she lost track of time while hunting. I found her a half hour later, barely breathing and unconscious. One of my worst nightmares come to life. 
The incident brought back terrible flashbacks of when this had happened to our parents. They had died three years before in a surprise bombing. We had been in the area too long and the Demorians tracked us. I vowed that I would never let anything happen to June and then I let her get attacked. I was a terrible sister. I was trying to make it up to her by getting medical supplies and some advice from the doctor. It was nearly impossible to track him down, but I eventually found him, with not a minute to spare. 
I walked into the dark cave without warning. “Everly Crane here,” I shouted as I walked farther into the cave. “I’m looking for Austin Bastille.” A dark man came out of the shadows. I couldn’t see much of him, but he seemed to be a tall, lanky man. He didn’t appear to have the athletic build that June and I had adapted from fighting and running for our lives. Some people had it easier than others, I assumed. 
“Everly.”
“Austin,” I said with a nod. I flipped the sack from over my shoulder between us.  “I brought three rabbits.”
“That will do,” he answered authoritatively. He shifted back into the shadows and came back out with several items. “What is wrong with your sister?”
“Burns from the bombings.”
“How bad?” he asked. His voice sounded dry and scratchy from little use. 
“Not deadly, but her lower legs are covered in burns. It’s red and pink, some parts have blisters. She’s lucky she didn’t lose a limb in the attack.”
He pulled out some long white stuff and then something else tan. “This will burn, but you need to clean the injuries. The only thing that can kill her now is infection. Once you put this on,” he said, holding up a clear bottle, “you will dab at the excess with this.” He held up the white stuff. “Then you will wrap it with these bandages.” He gestured to the tan fabric. “There are some pins for the bandages. Do this once a day,” he instructed, placing everything in my emptied sack. “If you need more, I am willing to make the same exchange as today. My family will be leaving in a month, but any time before that I will help you with your sister.” He smiled, his dark skin creasing and showing an excessive amount of wrinkles for someone his age. A Deserter life was hard.
I nodded, “Thank you so much for your kindness,” I replied and left as quickly as I arrived. I didn’t want to leave June for too long. 
I still couldn’t believe so much had happened to her. She was the most kind-hearted, innocent, person in the world and everything seemed to crumble around her. I needed to get our lives in order. I thought again about heading to The Hub. Would it really be that terrible to surrender? At least at The Hub we could live in a civilized society, June would be able to get proper medical attention. June could go to school. We had never been to school. She would love it. She was a bookworm already; with regular access to books I knew she would be a genius. 
We had never known anything but war. I was born exactly a month after The Demorians came. My parents lived in what had been Phoenix, Arizona. They had been professors at the nearby university. If it wasn’t for them, I would never have received any type of education. They taught June and me how to read, write, simple math, and even tried to show us basic life skills. If not for them, I wouldn’t be standing here today. I owed them my life and June’s life. They believed so strongly in their cause against The Demorians that they sacrificed their lives. Going to The Hub would be a betrayal of the worst kind. Yet, I still couldn’t force the thought away.  I wanted June to have a better life and it was the only option we had, except to just die and get it over with.
The sun had already set and the remnants of the sunset were dissipating, leaving only darkness. I needed to get back to June. I had already been gone too long. I needed to focus on my surroundings; it was dangerous at night, not because of the Demorians but because of the dangerous animals that lived in the desert. There were scary things, and even deadly things. Animals with no food sources were common in this area. The invaders had destroyed the humans and taken down many of the animal populations in their wake as well. 
The sky had completely darkened and I was walking by memory alone. The desert was dangerous, but I kept my distance from everything, especially jumping cacti. They didn’t kill, but they sure did leave an impression.
I kept to the shadows, my hunting knife drawn, prepared for anything that might come. It would have been nice to have my shotgun with me, but June needed to defend herself alone and I couldn’t expect her to move. I spotted my first marker to home. It was a piece of worn fabric I tied around a dead tree. I pulled it off and threw it in my bag, then treaded forward, looking for the next sign that I was almost home. 
“Excuse me,” came a deep voice from a few feet behind me. I jumped and turned my knife on the stranger. 
“Hands up,” I said, aiming my knife. He lifted his beefy hands and walked into the moonlight. No flickering blue light on his left wrist. I could handle him as long as he was alone. I shifted my gaze around the darkness, not noticing any shadows. He had to be on his own. 
“I’m not here to harm you.” I snorted in disbelief, not believing a word he said as I looked him over. He was big guy. He was tall, a lot taller than I was, probably by a foot. He had to be bordering on six three, maybe taller. His hair was cut close to his head. He had facial hair; it wasn’t a beard, just a day or two worth of growth. His arms were probably bigger than my head. I didn’t know why he was here, giant or not. I would take him down if I needed to. 
“Then why are you here?” I said firmly, the knife still in place in case I needed to act quickly. 
“My name is Lieutenant Merik Harper. Everly, I’m here to recruit you.” I aimed my knife, ready to charge.
“I’m not joining you Demorian slaves!” I shouted, charging forward. He grabbed my arm and twisted it backward. I screamed out in pain as I dropped my knife. He pulled me toward him. My arm was pressed into my back and I felt him breathing down my neck. I was going to die. I wasn’t going to give June her medical supplies and she was going to die too. I felt the sting of tears, but refused to shed a single one.
“Relax, Everly. I don’t want to hurt you. I just want you to listen to me.” I struggled, but he just held me tighter to his chest. 
“How do you know my name, swine?” 
“Is there somewhere safe we can talk?” 
“Say whatever you have to say here.” I heard him exhale deeply, frustrated. That made two of us. He had incapacitated me without even trying. Was I that easy of a target? I usually had little trouble with my attackers. I was small, but fierce. Normally, I surprised them and incapacitated them quickly. 
“We have been watching you and Juniper for some time. We know that she was injured recently and that is why I’m here. We want you to join our forces,” he said, his breathing even while mine sounded harsh from exertion. 
“I will never join the Demorians!” I shrieked, pushing and kicking my legs to no avail.
“We are not the Demorians,” he growled, holding me tighter. “We are the Revolution.” I stopped fighting. Someone was building a revolution against the Demorians? I couldn’t speak. Was this what I had been waiting for?
“Why haven’t I heard of you?” 
“We are highly secretive. We have been watching you for several years. Your sister’s injuries have forced us to seek you out sooner than we anticipated,” Merik continued. He let go of me, much to my relief. 
“How do I know this is all true? How do I know you are not a covert Demorian, or a manipulated slave?” I asked accusingly as I stared into his forest green eyes. They looked like emeralds and seemed to burn hotter with his temper, if his flaring nostrils were any indication. In all honesty, I had never seen such beautiful eyes in my life.
He started walking ahead of me. “If I wanted to kill you, wouldn’t I have done it already?” He did have a point. I grabbed my knife and followed him. We passed the stone I had carved numbers into as my last landmark. He took a left and we were at the deserted, dilapidated house I had left Juniper in. The house was built after Earth’s occupation and showed the few supplies that were available to Deserters at the time. It was made of wood, like a cabin, but barely held together. It was small and housed June and I comfortably since her injury. I never went for homes; they were too obvious and typically had animal squatters. This one had been recently occupied and nestled among dozens of other houses, making us stick out less.
“How did you know where we were?”
“Let me reiterate,” he snapped, short tempered. “We have been keeping track of you for several years. Your parents were important figures in our cause for revolution. We would not have formed if it wasn’t for what they and a few others believed in. I would like to take you back to Atlantis so June can get proper medical treatment.”
“Atlantis like the story?” I asked incredulously. This got more and more absurd the longer he talked. What was wrong with this guy?
He smiled, though it was small; really it was only a small lift on one side of his mouth. He didn’t show any teeth.  “I won’t be taking you to a lost island under the sea. It is what we call our headquarters because it is hidden and few know of the location.” He went into the house before me and I knew June would have her shotgun out, prepared to shoot whoever was outside our house. 
She was in an ancient rocking chair near the questionable stairs, shotgun prepared. Perfectly aimed at Merik. 
“What the hell, Eve!” June shouted, but her voice wasn’t what it normally was. She was badly injured and sounded weak and fragile.

