One Millhaven Lane

By

Bliss Addison

Published by Bliss Addison

Copyright ©2010 Bliss Addison
First Electronic Publication 2012

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction based entirely on the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons is purely coincidental. Real places mentioned in the book are depicted fictionally and are not intended to portray actual times or places. All rights reserved. No part of the book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the author, excepting brief quotes used in reviews.

Other Books by Bliss Addison:

A Battle of Wills (Shannon Murphy – Book I)
With Malicious Intent (Shannon Murphy – Book II)
Restless Souls
Wolfe, She Cried
Murder at the Villa Maria-Sedona Retirement Home
A Waning Moon
Deadly Serum
Prophesy
An Equal Measure
Sleight of Hand
Watching Over Her
A Silver Lining (The Monahans – Book I)
A Little Rain Must Fall (The Monahans – Book II)
A Mistaken Belief (The Monahans – Book III)

What Readers Say About One Millhaven Lane:

GREAT mystery/romance novel; turning the pages as fast as I could read!; really enjoyed reading this; fast read; a good suspenseful romance; good story with romance, suspense and second chances; tasteful romance. 

Summary:

They were high school sweethearts, but someone got in their way of a happily-ever-after and they parted ways. Now, eighteen years later, shop owner Asia McDevitt and Deputy Chief of Police Nate Healy reunite. But again, their happy reunion may not last. Someone wants Asia dead and that someone will stop at nothing to finish what was started.
…..

Contents:

Chapter One– The Encounter
Chapter Two – A Prowler in the Neighborhood
Chapter Three – A Legal Stumbling Block & Exposure at Crazy Belly Lake
Chapter Four – Second and Third Chances
Chapter Five – Bed Rest and Sustenance
Chapter Six – A Stake-out?
Chapter Seven – Growing Restless
Chapter Eight – Boston, Nate and Aphrodite
Chapter Nine – Best Laid Plans
Chapter Ten – Henrietta Hornecastle
Chapter Eleven – Finale


CHAPTER ONE
Whoop. Whoop. Whoop. 
Asia McDevitt shifted her gaze from the road to the rear view mirror and saw the flashing lights of the police car.
"Crud," she said, rolling her eyes. 
Downshifting, she pulled onto the shoulder of the road, stopped and unbuckled her seat belt. She dug the car registration and insurance card from the glove box and her driver's license from her wallet.
In the side mirror, she watched the police officer get out of the car. She recognized him immediately. Groaning, she banged her head against the headrest. It was inevitable, really, that their paths would cross despite the effort she made to avoid coming into contact with him. But now, on her last visit to the Grove? She shook her head and watched the man who'd once set her blood afire walk toward her. As though on cue, her heart perked up, beating faster and faster, harder and harder until she imagined it breaking through her rib cage.
A sweltering warmth covered her skin. No. Not after all this time. Not now. Not here. Not anywhere. After what he'd done, he shouldn't still affect her like this. She'd moved forward with her life, past him, past them. Didn't her heart realize?
Her reaction left her feeling flustered and for a moment, she couldn't recollect her name, where she lived or her age. Thankfully, her equilibrium returned and, by remembering his betrayal, she was able to regain her composure before he reached her car.
"Hello, Asia," Nate Healy said at her driver's door.
"Nate."
He stepped away from the car and sat on his heels. "What brings you back to town?"
"I'm packing up Mom's house." She noticed a few strands of silver hair at his temples. Asia would have been around to notice his hair graying, if Brittany Vance hadn't taken a hankering for him and gotten in their way of a happy-ever-after. But that was in the past. This was the present and she and Nate were not together, not like they'd promised. 
"I was sorry to hear about Joanna. I would have said so personally, but I was out of town at the time."
She nodded.
"I wasn't aware your mom had a heart condition."
"Neither was I."
"She didn't want you to worry."
"I know." Asia had come to terms with her mother keeping that secret. For whatever reasons, she believed she was doing what was best for Asia. It took her a while to understand her mother’s motivation.
"You were with her at the end?"
She turned away and nodded, unable to trust her voice. When would the hurt stop?
"That's good."
In her peripheral vision, she watched him study her. She wouldn't venture a word. The quicker this encounter ended, the quicker she could be on her way. 
He stood. "Keep your speed down, Asia. We have a new recruit on the force and he's a hot shot, hoping to score points with the chief."
"Thanks for the warning."
"Any time."
She recalled her mother mentioning he'd been promoted to Deputy Chief. Joanna had kept her informed about the goings-on in the Grove, particularly as the news related to Nate. She'd always hoped they'd get back together. There wasn't much chance of that happening; not that Asia could see.
"Congratulations on your promotion," she said before remembering she wanted nothing to do with him.
He half-smiled. "Thanks. Maybe I'll see you around."
She looked at the man who'd broken her heart, then her reputation, forcing her to run in shame from the Grove. 
"Maybe." She doubted she would. She'd only be in town long enough to pack up those things of her mother's she wanted to keep and list the house with a realtor. Once that was done, she'd get back to her life in Boston. 
She watched Nate walk to his cruiser before pulling onto the highway.
Several miles later, her cell rang. She flicked on the blinker light, slowed to a stop on the side of the road and checked call display before answering. "Hello, Crystal," she said.
"I know I promised not to call unless it was an emergency, but...."
"What's up?" 
"Hugo is what. His wife isn't and that's the problem. I can't settle him down, no pun intended. He's complaining the solution you gave him is nothing but fruit water. He says his wife's still as dry as the Sahara. Wilted as day-old — "
"Put him on." Asia remembered the tête-à-tête she had with the old fellow about the finer points of his and hers sexual lubricants. At the time, she'd suspected her explanation had fallen on deaf ears. She'd been right.
Two heartbeats later, her disgruntled customer came on the line. "Mr. Backman, what did I tell you about that product?" A man of few words, the seventy-nine-year old wheezed a grunt, which Asia understood to mean, 'I don't know'. She repeated what she'd told him yesterday in her shop. "It's a lubricant not an elixir, Mr. Backman." Another grunt. Obviously, his mind focused on one thing — sex. She took a different tack. "What do you do when you can't loosen the lug nut on your tractor wheel?"
"I use 'Release-All'. Works every damn time."
"Do you put it in your gas tank?"
One second passed, followed by another, then she heard a thud in the background, which she determined was either Backman or the telephone receiver dropping to the floor. She hoped for the latter.
"What did you say to the old geezer?" Crystal asked coming back on the line. "He took off like a sprinter on steroids."
"Mechanics 101. Anything else?"
"Nothing. When do you think you'll be back tomorrow?"
"Around noon. I have an early meeting with Mom's lawyer, then it's back to the house, load up the car and Boston here I come."
"See you then. Take care."
"You too." Asia clicked off, dropped the cell on the seat and drove onto the highway.

***

She spent the afternoon packing her mother's fine china and crystal, most of which had been handed down to her. Now, Asia was the keeper of those precious heirlooms, only she had no one to pass them on to. At forty, there wasn't a lot of chance that would change. It wasn't that she hadn't wanted children. It never happened. Just as well, considering her failed marriage and relationships. Maybe she wasn't meant to be a wife or mother. Disheartened, she put water for tea in the kettle and looked around the cozy kitchen. Within a minute, the walls told her stories. 
Remember when you were five and sick with the flu, your mother made a bed for you with two chairs because she had baking to do for the church cake fair and you didn't want to be alone?
Yes, she remembered that morning. The weather was cold and blustery, the winds creaking the floors of the old house. Asia loved those sounds, even to this day.
Remember when you and your mom talked until four in the morning after you returned home from your first date?
Asia recalled the moment clearly. Thirty minutes past her curfew, she'd snuck into the house and found her mother waiting with cookies and warm milk. 
She’d thought her mother would be upset and had prepared an excuse, a perfectly good one as she recollected, but it hadn't been needed.
Remember the night your father died, you made tea for your mother and sat with her at the kitchen table, holding her hand and telling her everything would be all right.
Asia would never forget that night. It was the one time she had been an anchor for her mother. 
"I miss you, Mom." Asia could never have imagined how much.
After her mother's death, Asia hadn't made any hasty decisions. Instead, she'd taken time to decide what she'd do with the property. Her friend Dorothy had given her multiple reasons to keep the house. All of them sound. In the end, she'd decided she didn't want a reason to return to the Grove. There wasn't anything here for her now. Nothing at all.
The kettle whistled. She poured water over the tea bag in the cup, her thoughts turning to Nate and how little he'd changed. He was still incredibly handsome and sexy. Divorced, too; free to pursue relationships again, like her. She wondered what had gone wrong in his marriage. Someone — she couldn't recall who — had told her Catherine had initiated the divorce, citing irreconcilable differences as the cause. Adequate grounds for divorce, Asia supposed. Steven, her ex, had often accused Nate of standing in their way of happiness and that there were three of them in their marriage. Maybe Steven was right. No man could measure up to Nate. Maybe —
There she went again. Thinking of Nate. She couldn't help herself, especially when she was here in the house where they'd shared such happiness. Memories would get her nowhere. After all, it wasn't as though she'd let Nate back in her heart, not after what he'd done. She'd never give him another opportunity to hurt her. And he would. Mistrust once, mistrust again and again.
First thing in the morning, she'd see her mother's lawyer, then list the property for sale. Once the house was sold, the last tie to the Grove would be severed. She wouldn't need to concern herself then with ever returning. 
Her stomach rumbled, reminding her she'd barely eaten since she'd gotten up. It was pointless to check the cabinets or refrigerator. On her last trip, she'd cleaned out both and made them ready for the new owners. 
She rinsed her cup, placed it in the sink and grabbed her handbag on the way out the door, intent upon dinner.

***

Much to her surprise, The Haunted House was packed and Asia would have to wait to be seated. She didn't recognize the receptionist, and could have been speaking to the daughter of a classmate or a school friend, for all she knew. The name 'Rachel' didn't nudge any ideas, either.
"How long a wait, do you think?” Asia asked. Her mouth watered as she savored the aroma of baking bread and roasting chicken.
"About thirty minutes. There are vacant chairs at a table for four if you're feeling adventurous."
Asia's stomach growled, loud enough for sensitive ears to hear. She laughed. "I'm feeling more hungry than daring, but sure, I'll take the seat."
"Super," Rachel said, smiling. "I'll check with the diner to see if you both share the same sentiment."
With Rachel occupied, Asia took the time to look around the converted six-bedroom two-story house sponsoring home cooking and baking. From the day Esther Gallagher opened the restaurant a half-century earlier, it had been a thriving enterprise. Her mother had told her Esther still kept a close watch on her investment, but the 'hands-in-the-dough' chores she left to someone else. Asia could understand. Esther must be well into her seventies. 
Rachel stepped into the foyer and indicated for Asia to follow.
Close on her heels, Asia entered Casper's Lounge, the main dining hall in The Haunted House, and got her first glimpse of her dinner companion. It seemed all she did today was either groan or dredge up memories of her past, not all of them pleasant. If she weren't so weary, she'd wait for a table to free up. 
Would you really, Asia?
Yes, I would.
Admit it. You're happy you ran into him again. Feel your heart pumping. No man can make your heart pound like Nate. 
Sometimes her mind could be a pain. Shush. 
You aren't fooling anyone; certainly not yourself. You want him back in your life and in your bed. Admit it. Admit — 
"Sally will serve you tonight and will be with you shortly," Rachel said, placing a menu on the table.
"Thank you, Rachel." Asia sat and looked across the table at Nate. "Twice in the same day. What're the odds?"
"Considering the population of the Grove, I'd say extremely high."
Asia would know that, if she'd stopped to think. But she hadn't, which was unlike her. It seemed as though there were forces — cupid-like forces — at work, maneuvering her into Nate's path. Otherwise, she would have called in an order and had it delivered, leaving nothing to chance, like she’d always done. 
Asia sat back, fingering the cutlery and thinking about the great times she and Nate had shared. They could have that again. Perhaps the time had come to truly forgive and forget Nate's transgression. The ambiance must be affecting her judgment, because she sincerely wanted to give them another chance.
She couldn't deny her feelings. She'd never stopped loving him.
Take a chance, Asia. 
This might be her last opportunity to see Nate. In all likelihood, she wouldn't happen upon him in Boston. Life was too short for grudges. He wrongly doubted her love and fidelity eighteen years ago and not giving him a chance to redeem himself was nothing more than headstrong stubbornness on her part. Surely, they'd both learned from the life lesson. 
Before she could pursue the subject, Sally appeared at Asia's side.
"Are you ready to order?" she asked, holding a pencil and order pad in her hand.
Asia hadn't opened the menu yet and wouldn't take time to read it. "What's the special?"
"Corned beef and cabbage."
"I'll have that. Could you bring me a coffee now?" Caffeine this late in the day would keep her up tonight, but she needed something to relax her. Being so close to Nate and reconciliation maxed her stress level. 
"Coming right up." Sally took the menu and left.
Asia looked at Nate and found him staring at her.
"What?"
He pointed to the top of her head. "It's not a spider," he said. "But there's something ... May I?"
Thankful it wasn't any kind of bug, though spiders frightened her most and Nate hadn't forgotten, she was able to shrug and not become alarmed.
He reached across the table and brushed something aside. "A cobweb."
After the corners and dark places she'd cleaned today, it was a wonder that was all she came away with. She laughed off her embarrassment, thinking she should have taken a peek in the mirror before she left. That was unlike her, as well. She never stepped out in public without making herself presentable.
"How's the packing coming along?"
"All done. Thankfully."
"It must have been difficult."
She nodded and looked around at the dozen or so tables, grabbing bits of conversations —"...Christmas lights...church bake...the Dobson twins...dandelion wine...Jack Frost...two for one sale..."
"See anyone you recognize?" he asked.
"Judge Brown for one." She turned. "How old is he? One ten, one twelve?"
"At least. Some say he made a pact with the devil."
"Thank Heaven he's not a sitting judge, then."
"Small mercies. Recognize the woman at your back?"
Asia rolled the hair around her finger that had escaped her ponytail and casually made a half-turn to look behind her. 
She studied the brunette covertly, but couldn't place her. "No," she said, turning to face Nate.
"Miss Landry."
"It can't be."
Nate nodded. "It is."
Asia frowned. "She must have found the fountain of youth. Either that or a remarkable plastic surgeon. She taught us our second year in school. She was old then."
"Old to six-year-olds. But I think she had some work done. At least, it's the rumor."
"Did she ever marry?" So much for no conversation. But then everything came easy for her when she was with Nate.
"Who'd have her?"
"I don't know. She has a lot to offer. Money, a pedigree, horses, a house." She took her arms from the table when Sally set Asia's coffee in front of her.
"And a wart on her butt."
"You dated her, then," she said, deadpan. 
He laughed.
It shouldn't amaze Asia they'd fallen into old habits so easily, but it did and she couldn't help but smile. "Why is it so busy in here?" She stirred two tubs of cream and two packs of sugar in her coffee before taking a sip.
"You've forgotten?"
"Obviously."
"It's All Souls Day."
Asia remembered the religious belief. "The day when the souls of the faithful, who at death have not been cleansed from the temporal punishment, walk the earth, searching for redemption. Has anyone actually seen the Earl?"
"Not that I've heard. He probably never existed. Esther probably cooked up the story to bring in customers. Great marketing strategy."
She looked around the filled room. "I'd say it worked, wouldn't you?"
Sally served their dinners and conservation stopped, much to Asia's disappointment.
Today had been a day of forgiveness and putting the past where it belonged. 
Tomorrow would be a day of new beginnings. 


Chapter Two
At home, Nate threw his keys on the hall table. He loosened the tie that bound his neck like a noose and walked into the kitchen. After all these years, Asia had forgiven him. He didn't need to hear the words to know; he saw the truth in her eyes. He let out a deep breath, cleansing his soul of the regret that had eaten away at him for eighteen long years. A mistake of his own making, unfortunately, and the nastiest kind to accept. He'd been possessive and jealous and unable to believe Asia had wanted him when she could have her pick of men.
When Brittany had come to him and said Asia had cheated on him, he believed Brittany and by doing so, presumed the worst of Asia. Too late, he'd seen his gaffe. Too late, the fact dawned that Asia wanted him and only him. On his life, he would never understand why he took the word of someone he barely knew over Asia. He had years to think on it and still couldn't figure out what had possessed him.
After their split, he'd made a nuisance of himself, begging her forgiveness. On the last occasion, she told him she forgave him. She spoke the words, but the sentiment didn't come from the heart. He resigned himself then to the truth that she would never completely forgive him.
Shaking his head, he poured two fingers of single malt scotch in a tumbler, thinking about the years he'd missed with her, all because he couldn't believe in her love. He was no one, yet she'd chosen him. If he'd handled things differently and trusted her, they'd be married today and probably be parents, too.
There wasn't any chance they could ever get back together. The most he could hope for was that they'd become friends again. He would settle for that. He'd have to.
Nate marveled at how little she'd changed. If anything, she was more beautiful now. He'd always thought she was hot, but there was something more about her now. A buoyancy, perhaps. The faint laugh lines framing her mouth only added depth to her character. Her strawberry blonde hair probably came from a box these days, but she kept it the same vibrant natural shade. She still had exactly fourteen freckles on her cheeks. How quickly he'd fallen into the same habit of counting them.
It had taken a while, but once Asia let herself relax in his company, they'd carried on like old times. He'd taken pleasure in every moment they'd shared tonight, but the hour had been too brief. 
He'd stopped at The Haunted House for dinner like he had three times a week since his divorce six months ago. He hadn't expected to run into Asia and had no idea he was opening his table to her when Rachel proposed the seating arrangement. Thinking fate had smiled upon him, he'd taken advantage of the situation to win her over. He believed he had.
Footsteps sounded on his front porch and his mind envisioned Asia standing on his stoop. His heartbeat accelerated.
Nate half-ran through the house and into the foyer, believing by then that Asia couldn't remove him from her thoughts either and had come to rekindle the love they once shared.
When he opened the door and saw his ex-wife, his smile turned into a scowl. "What is it this time, Catherine?"
"Is that any way to speak to a lady?" she asked, brushing past him and undoing the buttons and inside sash on her sable coat. She came to a stop at the staircase.
She was making herself too comfortable for Nate's liking. He shut the door and looked at her. "Make it quick. I was about to turn in."
"Judging from your hound dog expression, she still doesn't want anything to do with you, huh?" 
He sighed. Obviously, Catherine had come to gloat. Nate had been honest with her when she'd asked him to escort her to the mayor's ball last year. In good conscience and fairness to them both, he couldn't be in a committed relationship when he still had feelings for Asia and told Catherine precisely that. She said she understood and made him believe she was about fun and games and enjoying each other. In that regard, they appeared perfectly suited. Unbeknownst to him, Catherine had an agenda — marriage — and he realized too late she hadn't accepted him, baggage and all, like she'd said. 
Some police officer he was for not recognizing her duplicity. Apparently, she'd believed marriage to her would make him overcome his passion for Asia.
When Catherine learned otherwise, she considered herself the consolation prize. Runner-up, she'd often thrown in his face. If he lived to a hundred, he would never understand women.
"Happy now?" he asked, cursing himself for being a patsy where matters concerned the opposite sex. First, Brittany, then a long list of the likes of Brittany, and lastly Catherine. He should give up on love.
"You're the talk of the Grove," she said, as though she were making him aware of something he didn't already know.
"Why does it concern you?"
"What shame you bring down on yourself, you bring down on me, divorced or not."
He shook his head. "You're unbelievable." Nate watched her lips curl into a sneer. He didn't care what she thought of him.
"How long is she in town this time?"
Nate shrugged. "A few days."
"Daddy said she intends to put Joanna's house on the market."
"Why are you asking me questions when you have all the answers?" Of course, he knew the answer. Catherine loved to rub his failures in his face and by her smug expression, she was particularly loving she could.
"You're still bitter you missed seeing her at Joanna's funeral." She took her hand from the newel post and removed her leather gloves, one finger at a time, not once removing her gaze from his face. "Will you ever learn she doesn't want anything to do with you?"
"Get on with it, Catherine, and tell me why you're here."
She reached into her clutch and came out with a sheaf of share certificates. "As per your agreement, sign the back of these and I'll be on my way."
Nate had forgotten about the share certificates until his lawyer reminded him last week. In fact, that last detail had escaped everyone's attention and now, as he peered at the certificates clutched in his ex-wife's hand, this was the first he'd seen of them. Her father had bragged about giving his son-in-law shares in his construction business, but what people didn't know was that Ambrose hadn't actually turned them over to Nate, which caused him to wonder whether there was any truth to the gift, or the symbol of good faith, as Ambrose referred to the gesture. It would appear his ex-father-in-law had been on the up-and-up all along. 
"An offer I can't refuse." Once he turned over his shares in her father's construction business, he'd sever all connection to Catherine and her overbearing father. He took the pen from the hall table and scribbled his name on the certificates. "If that'll be all," he said, handing the shares to her, "thank you for stopping by. I know you always have my best interests at heart."
She huffed a breath and strode toward him. "Do yourself a favor and stop pining after someone you will never have."
Nate had taken all he intended to take from his ex-wife that evening. He turned and opened the door.
She gave him the look. 
He wouldn't let it affect him.
"Good night, Catherine." It took a great effort, but he closed the door after her without reverberation, her advice bouncing off the walls of his mind like a rubber ball.
It wasn't true. Catherine didn't know and could never understand what he and Asia had shared. He could make Asia love him again, if only she'd give him the chance. Life wasn't worth living without her. At one time, she felt that way about him. Maybe she could again. 
In the living room, he plunked himself on the recliner, moaning Asia's name and cursing destiny. Time was running out for him. Once Joanna's house was sold, Asia would have no reason to return to the Grove. There would be no more chance opportunities to see her. 
Asia had never set a pattern, varying her trips to see her mother, but not an entire month would pass without a visit. He had known every time she was in town. He didn't know how he knew, he just did. When the hunch came upon him, he'd drop what he was doing and take a drive to Millhaven Lane and sure enough, her car would sit in her mother's driveway. 
At any of those hundreds of times, he could have pulled to the curb, gotten out of the car and rung Joanna's doorbell. But he never had, choosing instead to settle for glimpses of Asia through a window. On one of those occasions, he noticed she'd dyed her hair black. The change was drastic, but he'd loved it. 
Over the years, he'd kept a close watch on Joanna. It didn't make up for mistrusting her daughter or his idiocy, but he needed to make amends somehow.
What he wouldn't do for an undo button.
Nate thought back to that morning. He'd recognized her as she drove by him at the turn-off to the Grove. He also knew she was not speeding, but believed Asia would think she had been. From the first time she climbed behind the wheel of a car, she never gave a thought to checking the fuel gauge or speedometer. It was always at his and Joanna's reminders that she stopped at a gas station to re-fuel. He'd always pictured Asia somewhere dark and dangerous with an empty gas tank. Their pleas to maintain the speed limit went unheard, though. At least, then. Perhaps someone in her life had finally made her understand the importance of keeping on top of menial tasks and attention to details, however trivial she might consider them.
Enough, Nate told himself.
No more reminiscing.
No more self-badgering.
He needed to move, to be somewhere else, some place where the past wouldn't haunt him. He sprang from his chair, sprinted into the foyer, grabbed his car keys and sped out the door.
On the way to Millhaven Lane, he promised to only drive past, slowly though, affording himself the little opportunity to catch Asia at ease, to see her as he used to see her. He pictured her then with wind-tousled hair, her cheeks bursting with color, and eyes solely for him.
Outside her house, he set his foot gently on the brake until the car coasted to a stop.
This is a bad idea, Nate. Really bad.
A light burned dimly in the living room. He pictured Asia reading a cozy mystery and sitting with her legs folded under her, an afghan crocheted by her mother draped across her lap. 
He put the car in park and turned off the motor.
Don't do anything stupid, Nate.
I won't.
He pulled the keys from the ignition, got out of the car and walked the several feet to the front porch, fabricating a lie so he wouldn't seem desperate.
Someone reported a prowler in the neighborhood. Thought you should know. Keep your doors and windows locked.
No. Asia would see straight through that for what it was — a lame excuse to talk to her.
Okay, then. Maybe this: Since dinner, I can't think of anything else but you. No good, either. Too bad, she'd say. You should have thought of that before you betrayed our love and me.
Of the many times he'd apologized, he never managed to say anything else before she either slammed the door on him, walked away from him, or turned in the other direction. On one particular instance at a fruit stand, he hadn't managed an apology at all. She'd thrown a banana at him when she noticed him approaching. He could still see the yellow missile sailing toward him and whizzing past his head with a quarter of an inch to spare. It took that incident for him to realize Asia wanted nothing more to do with him and no amount of apologies would change her mind. 
Again, the thought crossed his mind how bad an idea this was.
Nate pressed a finger on the doorbell.
Ding. Dong.
He imagined Asia unfolding her legs from beneath her and throwing aside the coverlet that kept her warm against a chill. She'd wonder who was at her door at this hour of the evening, but wouldn't feel frightened. Nothing ever happened in the Grove. She answered the door barefoot and wearing sweat pant cut-offs and a mid-riff tank top, her toenails painted a glossy black.
He looked into her blue eyes and before all reason left him, he said in a rush, "Hi."
She inhaled deeply, folded her arms against her chest and leaned a shoulder against the doorframe.
Seconds passed where all she did was stare at him. He grew uncomfortable under her scrutiny. Maybe he'd misread her eyes. Maybe she hadn't finally fully forgiven him. But, hell, they belonged together. He had to make her see that somehow, make her understand life was too short to miss a second and that they should be together as they'd pledged.
Make your move, Nate. It's now or never.
He let his heart speak for him. "When you entered the dining room tonight, I lost my breath. You always had that effect on me and all these years of living without you have been torture. What I did was wrong and God knows, you have a right to your hurt and anger, but you could never hate me more than I hate myself." He searched her eyes, willing them to tell him the truth — that she loved him as much as he did her and had never stopped loving him. But he couldn't determine anything from her expressionless face. If he could make her see she still loved him, she'd give him another chance. He was sure of it.
"I'll do right by you. I'll never let anyone or anything stand in our way again. As the Lord is my witness, I promise I will. Let me prove my love for you, Asia." To his utter surprise, she rose on tiptoes and brushed her lips against his cheek.
"I forgive you, Nate. Truly, I do."
He opened his mouth to speak. She silenced him with a kiss.
Nate had awaited this moment for eighteen years. She forgave his betrayal and from what he could determine, intended to make up for the time they'd lost. But something wasn't right and he couldn't continue without knowing. With a strength he didn't know he possessed, he broke off the kiss.
"Are you sure this is what you want?" he asked, his voice cracking.
Asia's heels hit the floor, and she looked up at him. "I'm very sure."
He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her against his chest. "It's not too late to change your mind."
"Keep talking like that and I'll have to reconsider," she said, staring at his mouth. He kicked the door closed and crushed his lips against hers in a kiss that made his head spin. She wanted this as much as he. He groaned and walked her backward until she hit the wall. He nuzzled her neck, feeling his need growing in intensity with every second.

***

Asia fell asleep with Nate's arms around her.
Hours later, she awoke in the same position. She yawned and stretched, then relaxed beside him like a languid kitten. If anyone were to ask, she would describe how she felt with one word: Euphoric. She had never experienced such bliss. Sex had always been great with Nate, but nothing like what just happened. 
Sated and close to bursting with happiness, she rested her head against his chest, one hand lazily caressing his abdomen. If her energy weren't spent, she'd run to the center of town and shout her glee from Maple Square. They'd reunited. She smiled, thinking how her about-face had surprised him. How could she tell him that her heart had yearned for their reconciliation all these years? She'd only needed the proper encouragement.
Tonight, at The Haunted House, she'd experienced that inspiration. 
Nate had never given up. If he had, she might have missed out on the greatest love of her life.
Eighteen years of telling herself she was better off without him was a lie. As was all those times she'd told herself her current lover was a better kisser than Nate. No one was better at kissing then Nate. No one. What lies she told herself to manipulate her broken heart.
Nate woke and squeezed her tighter against him. "Are we okay?" 
His voice sounded tentative and shy and she could feel him holding his breath. If she responded negatively, he would never survive the rejection. From the moment his lips touched hers for the first time tonight, he'd shown her the depth of his love and how much he'd missed her and how he regretted his distrust. Her love meant everything to him and he would never doubt her love for him again. She knew that as surely as she knew herself.
"We're just fine, Nate," she said, feeling the air of his released breath brush past her ear. "Just fine." She truly meant it. Many times she'd told her mother she'd forgiven Nate, but she hadn't, not fully. Trust, like respect, had to be earned. When Nate took the word of someone over hers, he'd not only disappointed her but wounded her deeply. That wound had never healed. Until now. She was whole again. It wasn't anything he'd said or done that had changed her mind. The time had come. Situations were clearer in hindsight, but looking back, she should have given them another chance, given him time to regain her confidence.
"Can I ask you a question?" he asked.
"Anything."
"Why didn't you ever hear me out?"
Tonight they would not only share their love but their total honesty and that question was easy to answer.
"I knew if I did, I'd forgive you, then you'd expect to resume where we'd left off like nothing had happened." She knew him well, certainly better than he did her. Back then, he believed that an apology would absolve any transgression. She trusted that he knew differently now.
"I know you regret your mistake, Nate. Maybe this was the way it was meant to be for us. Who knows for sure? Maybe if I had forgotten and forgiven, we'd be married and divorced today." Asia flashed back to the day and how he'd accused her of sleeping with someone else. Actually, it was more conclusion than allegation. If he'd come to her and asked, 'How could you sleep with another man?', they could have argued it out. Or if he had said, 'Brittany Vance told me the damndest story today. She said you cheated on me with Jim Kinsman. Can you believe the stories the woman manufactures?' They could have discussed the rumor like rational people, like people who trusted each other. But he hadn't. He didn't think to give her the benefit of doubt. That hurt the most.
"At first," she said, "I didn't know who I was angrier with, you or Brittany. God, how I despised her. You can't know how hard I fought against taking her behind the bleachers and using tweezers to individually pull every hair from her miserable head."
He chuckled. "No court would have convicted you."
"Not if the judge knew what was good for him." She giggled, raised her head and looked at him. "Brittany or anyone else tries something like that again and someone's going to get hurt."
"Don't worry. It won't happen again. How'd you come by your shop?"
She was happy he switched topics. Brittany shouldn't take up any more of their time.
"Don't you know?"
"I heard gossip, and your mother told me about your career change, but I'd like to hear the story from you. Didn't you like nursing?"
"It was everything I'd imagined." She took a deep breath, then exhaled. "Ironically, it was nursing that led me to Aphrodite. One of my first patients took a shine to me.
"After back surgery, she required convalescent care. She had no one to look after her and asked if I'd be interested in private duty nursing. I thought about the offer for a while and eventually, accepted. My wisest decision ever.
"Before her accident, she handled every aspect of the day-to-day operation of the shop. After her release from the hospital and before she became mobile, she had me ordering supplies and performing other services for the shop. 'All part of my duties', she said, 'as a caregiver'." Asia smiled. "She was a wily one. I didn't know it at the time, but she was grooming me to take over when she was gone. I had no idea she would leave me her entire estate, nor did I know how wealthy a woman she was."
"Who was her beneficiary before you came along? She must have had someone."
"Nieces and nephews, but no one close. She never said, but I think she'd willed everything to various charities and the church."
"You didn't get any flak from her family over her will? Relatives tend to come from the woodwork when money’s involved. Everyone gets in the running for their share."
Asia was reminded of her brother Bobby. She wondered why he hadn't shown up for his split of their mother's estate, not that there was anything to share, but he didn't know that. Like Nate said, everyone wanted their cut, entitled or not.
"None that I know of." She smiled, recalling the first time she entered the shop. "The moment I stepped inside Aphrodite my fate was sealed. This strange feeling overcame me. I don't know how to describe it. Like that was where I belonged. Strange, huh?"
"A little, but how strange is it we found our way back to each other after eighteen years?"
"And now here we are again and back together. Who would have thought?" Not Asia, who awoke that morning dreading the trip to the Grove and never thinking today would end with her in Nate's loving arms.
"What kind of a shop is it?"
"You mean you've never been curious enough to check it out?" She had a difficult time believing that. She knew Nate had kept in touch with her comings and goings over the years; at a distance, of course. For a number of reasons, he wouldn't have sauntered into the shop but he, at least, would have walked past.
"You lie," she said, slapping his chest.
"I could never locate it."
So, he had attempted to find Aphrodite. "I've been told it's difficult to find. I'll take you first chance we get. To answer your question, I sell everything from doorstops and hangars to candles and elixirs." 
He looked at his wristwatch and groaned. "I don't want to leave."
Asia didn't want to move either. Why couldn't they stay this way forever? "Can't someone take your shift?" she asked, feeling hopeful.
"I would, if I could. The rookie had oral surgery this morning, and I'm working his shift."
"Bugger." Now that Asia had Nate back in her life, she would resent even a minute apart from him.
He lifted his arm from beneath her and swung his legs over the side of the bed. Looking over his shoulder at her, he said, "If there were any way I could stay, I would. You know that, don't you?"
She nodded, watching him throw on his clothes. There wasn't much time for him to shower and dress before the midnight shift started. She followed him down the stairs and helped him into his jacket.
"Take care," she said and kissed him goodnight. "I don't want anything happening to you."
"It won't. I promise." He kissed her like it was the first time their lips had ever touched.
Savoring the delicious feeling of being loved, she swung the door closed and flipped the dead bolt.
After she watched him drive down the lane, she walked into the living room and picked up her book and afghan from the floor, reasoning how to extend her stay in the Grove. Dorothy knew the business as well as Asia and could manage the shop in her absence. The shelves were well stocked and the storeroom filled literally floor to rafter with every imaginable item. She always prepared ahead and was thankful now she had. Once she saw her mother's lawyer in the morning, she'd call Dorothy and give her the good news. Crystal might feel slighted, but Asia would make it up to the young woman.
Without turning on the light in the kitchen, she grabbed a bottle of water from her bag on the counter and drank until her thirst was satisfied. She yawned, her mind reliving the glorious night she and Nate had shared.
A noise on the porch caught her attention. Her first inclination was that Nate had returned, then thought better of the notion when she remembered the hour. He wouldn't intentionally be late for work and definitely not without an excellent reason. If it wasn’t Nate, who was it? A burglar, she thought. If she were in Boston, she’d be more inclined to believe it. Still, though, crime happened everywhere, and the Grove was not immune to violence or law offenders. She peered out the window and saw nothing but darkness. She cocked an ear and listened. Nothing. If someone had attempted to break in, they’d changed their mind. She let out a relieved breath, plopped the bottle of water in her bag and turned toward the hallway. She only walked a couple of steps when the door rattled. She stopped abruptly and turned. Her breath caught in her throat as she stared at the knob, waiting for it to turn. When it didn't, she called out, "Who's there?" 
A gust of wind clattered the kitchen window.
Nature, Asia thought, breathing again. That's all it was. Nature.


Chapter Three

The next morning, Asia awakened with the rising sun and a smile. Humming, she bounced from bed and into the shower, where she thought of Nate and what they'd shared last night. It had been wonderful being with him again. He'd put on a few pounds and there was some white sprinkled among the chestnut hair, but he was still the sweet, gentle and courteous man she'd fallen in love with her junior year in high school. 
His periwinkle blue eyes had popped when he looked at her, just like they always had. 
He'd never stopped loving her. She hoped nothing or no one would stand in their way this time. But if the past repeated itself, she knew how to handle the Brittanys of the world now.
No one would get in her way of a happy-ever-after. Not this time.
Moments later, with upswept hair and dressed in a navy pantsuit, she skipped down the stairs, through the hallway and into the kitchen where she grabbed her purse and headed out the door.
On the way to the garage, she noticed footprints in her mother's flowerbed below the dining room window. She studied the prints. A size twelve if she were to guess, the pattern distinctive of a hiking boot. She recognized the tread. She had the woman's version at home in her shoe closet.
The same kind Nate wore last night. 

***

On the short drive to her lawyer's, Asia was back to thinking about the rattling doorknob last night. It hadn't been nature, after all, and if it wasn't Nate coming back for something he thought he left in the house, who was it? She shrugged. The print could have been there a while and she'd never noticed and the shaking door and rattling doorknob last night was the wind, just as she'd suspected. Yes, that was it. She let out a deep breath and relaxed.
She parked on the street in front of Harry's office. 
Seconds later, she was brushing a knuckle against the hardwood and peeking around the door into his office. 
Harry stood in front of bookshelves, holding a law journal in one hand.
"Hi, hi," she said from the doorway. Her mother's lawyer looked every bit his seventy-one years, and every bit the barrister in striped trousers and suspenders.
Harry turned and looked at her over the rim of his glasses, smiling. "Asia. My, don't you look dapper."
She walked over to him and leaned in to accept his kiss on her cheek.
He kept his hands on her arms and appraised her.
"How is it possible that you become more lovely every time I see you?"
She smiled. "You’re too kind."
He smiled and led her to a leather chair in front of his desk and ushered her to sit.
After she made herself comfortable, he walked around his desk and sat.
"Your timing is perfect," he said, shuffling papers in a file. "Two of the insurance checks arrived earlier in the week and the last, in this morning's mail. As you know, two of the policies were small."
"Yes, and the third, the largest. Isn't that the case?"
"It is." He stared at her a moment. 
Asia could see something troubled the old lawyer. With a gentle voice, she nudged him. "What is it? If you're worried there isn't enough money to pay Mom's funeral expenses, don't be. I settled the account." 
"It isn't that at all." Harry grimaced. "It seems your mother borrowed against the policy over the years and never set up a repayment plan. The accrued interest is substantial and ate heavily into the proceeds." 
Asia was puzzled. Her mother had never said anything about being short of money. If she had, Asia would have given her whatever assistance she needed. Why hadn’t she said something to her?
"Was she in trouble?"
"It wasn't anything like that." 
"What was it then?" Asia had a feeling she wouldn't like Harry's answer. 
"She borrowed the money to help out your brother." 
"Bobby?" She'd been right. She didn't like the response. "To bail him out of jail, probably." The mention of her wayward twin always angered Asia. As a child, he couldn't seem to keep out of trouble. Halloween tricks escalated from annoying to harmful, which later led to malicious acts all year round and a rap sheet a city block in length. Everyone had predicted he headed for juvie court. They hadn't been wrong. 
"I don't know for sure," Harry said. 
"I do. Mom would never have turned her back on her children, even a drug addict, thieving taker like Bobby." Her voice had taken a hard edge. Bobby brought out the worst in her. 
"Asia." 
She detected a note of reprimand in Harry's voice and apologized. "Bobby was always a sore subject with my mother and me. She couldn't see him for what he was, what he'd become and I couldn't see him the way Mom saw him." 
"There's something else." 
She felt a headache moving in. "What's that?"
"Your mother's will. She left the house to you and your brother." 
The news came as a shock. "Why didn't you tell me this before?" 
Harry raised his eyebrows. "I tried, remember? You didn't want to hear anything about your mother's will." 
She hung her head, remembering the number of messages Harry left on her answering machine to contact him regarding her mother's estate. After several calls, she'd telephoned him to say she'd get back to him when she was ready.
"I'm sorry," she said. "You're right, of course."
She took in a deep breath and exhaled slowly before she continued. "I just assumed Mom would leave me the house since Bobby hasn't shown his face in town since he attempted to rape..." She let her voice trail off to nothing. There was no sense dredging up that embarrassment. 
"On the contrary," Harry said. 
"What?" 
"I don't know the frequency of his visits or telephone calls, but your brother kept in touch with your mother. She would have given up her soul for either of you." 
"But Bobby...." She let her voice trail to nothingness, unable to appreciate her mother's love and devotion for a child who respected no one or nothing. 
"For either of you," Harry said, stressing the sentiment. 
Asia nodded, understanding the sternness in his voice. "Obviously." She sighed, slowly coming to terms with her mother's actions. "What does this mean for me?" 
"Since you were named sole beneficiary on all three policies, the insurance checks are yours to do with as you will. The house, however, is an entirely different matter. Your mother's will clearly states that the house be sold upon her death and the proceeds from such sale after disbursements be divided equally between the two of you, per stirpes." 
"Which means?" 
"If either you or Bobby or both of you died, your shares would go to your children. Your mother's grandchildren." 
Asia frowned. "I don't have any children. Neither does Bobby." She thought about that and realized how little she knew about her twin since he'd left the Grove. "At least any I know of. Why would my mother make that stipulation?" she asked, more of herself than Harry. 
"I explained the significance to her at the time." 
Asia looked at Harry, thinking he might have come to a wrong conclusion from what she'd said. "I wasn't implying any transgression on your part. My mother trusted you. So do I." A detail struck her then. "When did my mother execute the will?" There had to be a valid reason for her mother to make out her will the way she had. 
Harry handed her a copy. 
She turned to the last page. "Eighteen years ago. The year I left the Grove."
"Seems your mother was thinking hopefully." 
"It appears that way." Asia turned her gaze from Harry and stared into space. She couldn't fault her mother for ensuring her grandchildren would inherit Asia or Bobby's share in the event either one or both of them had passed on.
"I expected everything would be cut and dried," she said absently before bringing her thoughts back to the problem of her twin. "It's hardly the case now with this latest revelation. Since we both own the house, Bobby will need to execute the transfer deed." She looked at Harry for confirmation. 
He nodded. 
"That means I'll have to locate Bobby and if I can't, I'm stuck to pay the property taxes and house insurance — " 
"Keep your receipts. I'll see you get reimbursed for half the cost once the house is sold." 
She saw that as little consolation, considering the upset she'd just received. "I don't see any point putting up the house for sale if one of the owners can't be found to transfer ownership. It wouldn't be fair to the buyer."
Asia stood and paced, damning her brother. On the bright side, this glitch afforded her a reason — one she could live with — for staying in the Grove for a while. She'd be free to pursue a relationship with Nate and determine for certain whether her love for him had withstood time. She looked over at Harry when he cleared his throat. 
"Someone is interested in the property, so it might not be a matter of if, but when." 
"How interested?" She came around to the front of his desk and sat. 
"Extremely." 
"Bugger." If there was a chance this would turn out a forthright matter, she'd ask who wanted her mother's property, but as it stood, she believed the house might never get transferred, not if Bobby had any say in the matter. He'd draw this out until earth's end if it would give her grief. She sighed again.
"I don't know the first thing about locating someone. I could hire a private investigator. That'd probably be easiest. Can I deduct the cost from my brother's share of the proceeds?" Before Harry spoke, she raised her argument. "My mother named me executrix of her estate and it's a legitimate expense. He's just going to squander the money anyway." God, Mom, why'd you make out your will the way you did? 
"Aren't you tight with our Deputy Chief of Police? Maybe he can help." 
"We were friends once, a long, long time ago, Harry." She wouldn't tell him they'd reconnected. If things didn't work out, they'd be the talk of the Grove. Again. She wouldn't knowingly subject herself to the embarrassment. In some ways, pity was as wounding to the ego as malice. 
Harry came forward in his chair, rested his forearms on the desk and said, "A word of unsolicited advice?" 
She nodded. "Of course." 
"Work out your differences. There isn't a couple who should be together more than you and Nate." 
After a failed marriage and a dozen of unsuccessful relationships, she'd tend to agree. "I'll keep it in mind." Without a pause, she regained the subject and asked, "Has anyone actually seen Bobby?" She still couldn't believe her brother had the audacity to return to the Grove after the crimes he committed. "He could be dead and someone could have assumed his identity to extort money from my mother." 
Harry didn't answer. He simply peered at her. Too polite, perhaps, to tell her she grasped at straws and to accept the truth.
"Identity theft is on the rise," she said, attempting to redeem herself after that insane idea. She waved her hand in the air dismissively. "That would be too simple a solution. Where my twin is concerned, I should anticipate the unpredicted." She envisioned her mother on the phone with him, asking if he was eating properly, if there was anything he needed. "I wonder how they kept in contact. If she called him..." Then she remembered. "I didn't keep a copy of her last telephone bill. That shouldn't pose a problem for someone with investigative skills, though. PIs have ways of looking into records." Still, though, despite the best efforts, people could disappear, if they knew how. Bobby would. If there were a way to make a mockery of justice, he would learn how. Bobby had always been able to disappear like a magician.
"What if I never find him? I shouldn't be expected to pay taxes and insurance on a property sitting dormant for years." 
"Make the effort to locate him and if after a reasonable amount of time, there's no word from him, I'll petition the court for an order to either declare your brother deceased or in the alternative, an order allowing you to execute the necessary documentation to transfer the property and hold Bobby's share in trust in the interim." 
"And if he never does?" 
"There'll be a stipulation for that, as well." 
Asia nodded. "I like the first scenario the best." 
"I do too." Harry smiled. "Least headaches that way." 
"How do you think a petition like you suggest will go?" She took a deep breath to calm herself. 
"Depends on the judge." 
"Of course." How quickly a simple matter turned complex. "I can stay here for a couple of days, but then I need to get back to Boston. Do you know any good private investigators?" 
Harry shook his head. "Folks generally go to big city lawyers for their big legal problems, so I've never had the need for one, but I could make inquiries, if you'd like." 
"No, but thanks for the offer. I have a friend who can help me with that. I just thought if you knew of someone, I'd use him." 
Harry nodded. "How's your business doing? A what-not-this-'n-that shop. Aphrodite, if memory serves." 
"Thriving. Come by the shop sometime. Call first, though, so I can give you specific directions. It's hard to find if you don't know what you're looking for." 
"I'll be sure to, the next time I'm in Boston. How long will you be in town?" 
She gave him her 'before Nate' plans. "Initially, I'd planned on heading back today after I listed the property for sale. Not much point in that now." She dreaded the thought of locating her brother. From past experience, it would lead to trouble. "Perhaps, I'll rent out the house. Can I do that?" 
Harry nodded. "A trust would have to be set up...." 
"Right. Bobby. He's an equal owner and entitled to half of whatever revenue the property generates." She let out a lingering breath, then brightened when she thought the same equation applied to costs, as well. She saddened then, realizing that in time, expenses would eat into the revenue until the asset became a liability. Not that she needed the money. Her business prospered more each quarter than the last and the building that housed Aphrodite had increased triple-fold in value since she inherited the property. The fact nagged at her that her mother had wanted to leave something of worth for her children. Asia couldn't destroy her mother's last wish. 
Harry broke into her thoughts. "Renting can be a headache. Finding the right tenants can be a hassle, then, even so, you might be chasing them for rent." 
"There is that." One more problem to add to the list. Maybe she'd let the county deal with the house. Let the property taxes lapse and force a tax sale. How many years would that take? Her mother would never approve that course of action. She could almost hear her tsk tsk-ing. But, Mom, my options are limited. What do you expect me to do?
"Are you sure my mom didn't make a more recent will?" she asked, still unwilling to believe the reality of the situation. 
"Unless she hired another legal representative, this is her last will and testament, as we lawyers say." 
"Mom would have no reason to do that, I'm sure." There was nothing more to be done or said. She bid Harry goodbye. "I'll let you know what I decide." 
Harry stood and walked around the desk. "If there's anything I can help you with, let me know." He kissed her cheek and handed her the insurance checks. 
"Thanks." 
Asia left Harry's office feeling disillusioned and angry, not only with herself but with fate. 
***
From the rocky shoreline, Asia skipped a stone across the surface of Crazy Belly Lake.
"Damn you, Bobby. Why can't you ever be something besides a problem? You didn't even have the courtesy of showing up for Mom's funeral. That's how much you thought of her."
Bobby's antagonistic and sadistic nature puzzled her and always had. He wasn't like either of their parents. He seemed to enjoy hurting, physically and emotionally and for some reason beyond her understanding, he took great pleasure in hurting her most of all. For all she knew, he could know about the legal stumbling block her mother had unwittingly set in motion and watched from afar, laughing at the trouble his absence caused and savoring every second of her torment.
Nothing with her mother's will or property had gone the way she'd expected. Maybe she shouldn't take a chance on Nate.
She picked up a rock, threw it high into the air and watched it land far out into the water.
"Why are you the way you are, Bobby?" 
"It's who he is," Nate said at her back. 
She turned to face him, marveling at the calm the sound of his voice inspired. Everything would be all right now. Nate was here. He wouldn't let anyone hurt her.
"Shouldn't you be at home sleeping?" It took her only a couple of seconds to understand why he tracked her down. "Harry called you," she said.
They looked after their own in the Grove. How she'd forgotten that escaped her.
"I'm fine." She smiled, but judging from his expression, not genuinely enough to fool him. He knew she was troubled. She never could hide anything from him.
"Let's get married." She had no idea where the notion came from, but now that she'd said it, marriage seemed the only next step for them. They'd wasted precious time as it was. 
She expected him to grab her around the waist, lift her from the ground and twirl her in the air, all the while singing, 'Yes, yes, yes, I'll marry you'. When he didn't, she felt foolish that she'd asked and insulted that he ignored the question. Perhaps, they didn't have the same goals anymore. She questioned their reconciliation. Maybe Nate had caught her in a vulnerable moment last night. She had been feeling nostalgic, worshipping the love they'd shared and idolizing what once was. Maybe last night had been for old times' sake for them and she hadn't realized it.
Asia stared at the water feeling offended he at least hadn't acknowledged her marriage proposal, but trying not to let her hurt show.
After a long silence, Nate asked, "What happened?"
It occurred to her then that he hadn't taken her marriage proposal seriously. He probably thought she proposed without thinking.
"Harry didn't tell you?" she asked.
"He couldn't. Client lawyer privilege." 
He closed the gap between them and brushed a finger across her cheek. "Tell me what has you so upset." 
She shook her head. "It wouldn't do any good." 
"How do you know if you don't try?" 
She didn't doubt his intuition. Nate had always known what was best for her. She walked to a boulder and sat. Three minutes later, her story was told. "I'd like to wring his neck. You wouldn't happen to know where Bobby is, would you?" 
"I can make inquiries, if you'd like. Not for you to wring his neck, though, but to right this mess." 
"Thanks, but I have a friend back home who can help me." 
"Okay, but if you need —" 
"I know who to call." She nodded.
He picked a rock from the shore and sent it skipping across the water. "We should discuss what happened last night and where we're going from there." 
A minute ago, she thought they were headed down the aisle. In the current moment, she wasn't sure. "Probably. But not right now." If they talked in her present frame of mind, she'd end up sabotaging herself. She stood and dusted off her behind, shivering in the dampness rising from the lake.
"Thanks for listening. You were right. I do feel better." She turned to where her car was parked. "I think I'll head back to Boston," she said, surprising herself with the decision. 
"Last night you said...." He frowned. 
"I need to get away from here for awhile. Can you understand?"
"This is not like before, is it?"
"No." Nate referred to what happened between them eighteen years ago. She'd run then too.
"I'd try to convince you to stay longer, but I know it wouldn't do any good. You have your mind made up." He smiled. "I'll miss you. Don't be gone for long."
"I won't." She crossed her heart.
"There's a storm moving toward us. High winds and heavy snowfall." 
She looked at the summer tires on her Mustang. Before she'd left for the Grove, she'd meant to take the car to Vince to install the snow treads. She turned toward Nate. "I'll be back in Boston before it hits." 
"Don't take any unnecessary chances." 
"I won't." The footprint in her mother's flower garden flashed in her mind. "Did you come back to Mom's house last night?" 
"No. Why?" 
"No reason." She waved goodbye and turned.
"I will."
Puzzled, Asia stopped abruptly and looked back at him. "You will what?"
"Marry you."


Chapter Four

Nate's positive response to her proposal made Asia deliriously happy. 
On the drive to Millhaven Lane, her mind was busy making plans for their wedding. They would marry as soon as possible. She didn't need a lavish ceremony. Something intimate would suit her fine. Nate had appeared taken aback that she still intended to make the trip to Boston. He wouldn't have agreed to marriage simply to keep her in the Grove, would he? She shook her head. No, of course not. Nate loved her. He'd never stopped loving her. He would always love her, just as she would always love him. They were destined to be together. Any thoughts to the contrary were utter foolishness.
Not bothering with the driveway alongside the house, Asia parked at the curb and climbed out of the car. She stood on the sidewalk and admired her childhood home, thinking the house would make a wonderful place for a young couple starting their family. With her next breath came visions of children playing in the front yard – her and Nate's children. But that time had come and gone for them. Her spirits dampened, until she thought about other options. Adoption, for one. She had always looked forward to motherhood, but the desire grew stronger inside her now. Yes, they would adopt a child. When she returned, that topic would be one of the first she brought up with Nate. She needed to know his thoughts on the subject and hoped he hadn't changed his mind about wanting children.
With that settled, Asia dashed across the lawn and up the steps to the house she owned with her brother. Not even thoughts of Bobby could dishearten her. The first on her to-do list when she arrived in Boston would be to hire a private investigator to find the scoundrel. Once he was found, the rest would fall into place, she was sure.
In the foyer, she grabbed hold of the doorknob to balance her weight while she kicked off her shoes. In her peripheral vision, a sparkle of light caught her attention. She peered over her shoulder and saw the glint of metal in the air bearing down on her. A knife. Thinking quickly, she shifted to the side, but not far enough. The knife slashed her arm. Intense pain blurred her vision. Bile washed into her throat. Blackness with pinpricks of light danced before her eyes. She couldn't pass out. He would kill her. She swallowed hard, her eyes rolling back in her head. Don't pass out. Numbness took over her body. She slipped to the floor. The intruder's footsteps reverberated through the cold hardwood against her cheek. He approached. Coming in for the kill? Through eyes opened a crack, she stared at his feet. Nate's boots. No, boots like Nate. Nate would never hurt her. She needed to move. Now. Before he stabbed her again. Move! She lifted her upper body from the floor and clasped the doorknob, but not firm enough. Her hand slipped, turning the knob as her fingers fell downward. The door popped open. Fresh, cool air tumbled inside. She lunged across the threshold seconds before the knife carved her calf. Blood, warming then cooling, soaked her sleeve and pant leg. She bit the inside of her cheek and held her breath against the excruciating aches in her limbs. Wait. She exhaled. Something was wrong. Where'd her attacker go? What was he waiting for? Why didn't he kill her? It's what he came here to do. Pain besieged her then. She closed her eyes to the descending darkness. Blessed oblivion.
Seconds later, or minutes perhaps, she opened her eyes. Something was in her line of vision. Boots. She'd recognize them anywhere, anytime. "Please don't kill me, Nate. I forgive you."
"Shh. Don't talk. Save your energy. You lost a lot of blood, but you're going to be okay."
"I'm going to be okay? Really?" If Nate thought so, then it must be true. Strong arms, Nate's arms, lifted her from the floor and carried her down the stairs. "Where are you taking me?" 
"To the hospital. You need stitches." Nate placed her in the backseat of the squad car so gently she barely experienced additional pain. She didn't understand the reason for Nate driving her to the hospital. "Why don't you call an ambulance?" Her words came out slurred. 
"ETA is a half hour. All available emergency vehicles have been routed to a bus and tractor-trailer accident on I-90. Transporting you myself seems a sensible solution."
"Yeah." Satisfied with his response, she settled back against the seat. Amid the blast of the police siren and Nate's curses at motorists who hesitated to clear a path, they arrived at the hospital. She helped him as best she could to get her from the back seat. He insisted on carrying her.
With her in his arms, he burst through the swinging doors leading to the ER.
"Someone help me here," he yelled. "I need a gurney. This woman's been stabbed and lost a lot of blood."
Asia could hear the squeak of rubber soles on a polished floor before Nate placed her on something soft. A stretcher, she realized. Someone asked if she was allergic to any medication.
Nate answered, "No."
She opened her eyes when Nate patted her hand. "Stay," she said. If she were going to die, she didn't want to go without someone at her side. Wait. Something wasn't right. Where was her mother? She should be here to show her the way. Maybe she wasn't going to ...A voice interrupted her thoughts. She knew that voice. Nate. He was here with her. Good. He should be. This was where he belonged. At her side. Looking out for her. Chasing away the shadows. Keeping her safe.
"I'll be waiting right here for you, Asia. I won't leave. I promise." He walked along with her, holding her hand until the nurse shooed him to the waiting area.
Someone whisked her away, then, through more doors and into a room with machines and instruments and a mass of stainless steel. Fingers swabbed her upper arm and she felt a pinprick. Almost instantly, calm replaced her fear. Thank you, Lord. She'd needed something to quiet her nerves. Hands probed her leg and arm. A strong male voice said, "A quarter inch to the left and a half-inch deeper and she wouldn't have been so lucky."
She was going to be okay. The wounds were not serious. No major arteries had been nicked. She thanked God and relaxed against the cool sheet. A second or two later, she drifted off to sleep.
It's peaceful here, this place...where am I? I'm not alone. Someone is here with me. Hello? ... Why won't you answer? Wait, something's coming at me from behind. Metal...I see the glint of metal. A knife.
"No! Please don't hurt me."
Run, Asia.
Who said that?
Run or he'll kill you.
I'm trying but my legs won't move.
Try harder. You can do it, sweetheart.
Daddy? Is that you? It's been so long. I miss you. Will you hold me? I'm scared, Daddy. I don't want to die.
"Nurse, keep her still, please."
That voice. I don't recognize it.
"Who are you?"
"The seamstress," the voice said.
***
From the corridor outside the cubicle where Asia rested, Nate called the station on his cell. "Is the chief in?" he asked when Stacey, the dispatcher, answered.
"Yes, he is. First though, how's Asia?"
"Doc says she can come home in a few hours."
"She's lucky you happened by," Stacey said.
His visit hadn't been impromptu as he'd told the chief when he'd called in the incident. Nate hadn't been able to get comfortable with the idea of Asia traveling to Boston, not with the threat of a Nor'easter looming. He'd gone to Joanna's intending to convince her not to leave. Good thing he did, otherwise he might be waiting on the coroner rather than a physician to release her to his care.
"The right place and the right time," Nate said. "The chief?"
"Oh right," Stacey said, like she'd forgotten why he called.
"Nate," Carter Branch said when he came on the line. "How's Asia?"
He gave the chief the rundown on her condition. "When the doc gives the go-ahead, I'll take her home. I intend to stay with her until we apprehend the lunatic responsible for the assault."
"We've got everything covered here. The men will appreciate the overtime. Christmas is coming."
Nate hadn't given any thought to Christmas. Maybe this festive season would be better for him than the last dozen and a half.
"Were you able to get any prints? Did the assailant leave anything behind?"
"Maybe his DNA. We found a drop of blood on the dining room floor. Hopefully, it belongs to Asia 's attacker. We'll know soon enough. The lab is doing the analysis now. There was a good quarter of an inch of dust on everything in the house that wasn't covered. Prints were easy and they all belong to Asia. As far as anything gone missing, it doesn't look that way. Boxes are sealed and neatly stacked. Asia would have to confirm it, but it doesn't look like anything was stolen. There's no evidence the assailant searched the house, either. Seems like Asia was the target. Given what you told me about Joanna's will, it could be Bobby, but we shouldn't put all bets on him. Is there anyone besides him who stands to gain from her death?"
Nate remembered her brother's animosity toward Asia. He'd referred to her as 'The Good Twin'. Mama's pet, he'd taunt. Bobby's ill will toward his sister ran deeper than sibling rivalry. With Asia out of the way, he'd inherit Joanna's house solely, and if Asia didn't have a will, everything she possessed would go to Bobby as her next-of-kin. A nice chunk of change for a drug addict. In addition, she owned a profitable business in Boston and the insurance proceeds from her mother's insurance. Bobby would become a wealthy man with Asia dead.
Nate also remembered how Asia had come by Aphrodite. Maybe her benefactor's heirs weren't complacent like she assumed. Maybe they saw Asia as an opportunist, cashing in on something that wasn't rightfully hers and were back to make her sorry she'd gotten in their way. He wouldn't mention anything about that until the blood analysis came back.
"She's been incoherent since I brought her in, so I haven't been able to question her," Nate said. Asia's plea for him not to kill her played over and over in his mind. She thought he was her attacker. Didn't she know he could never hurt her, that he could never raise a hand in anger to her?
"What did you get on Bobby?"
"Nothing that either of us wouldn't expect. He's got a rap sheet an arm long, as we know, and is presently on bail for an assault. Trial's next month. A uniform in Portland dropped by his last known address and no one was home. The landlord said Bobby hasn't been around for several days. Owes him rent. The usual stuff. Mailbox jammed with bills and sales flyers. The uniform had a peek inside, and it looked to him like Bobby left in a hurry. A carton of milk sat next to a bowl of cereal on the table."
"Did anything come of the canvass of Asia's street?" Nate asked.
"Nothing. No one saw or heard anything. It looks like he brought the knife with him and left with it too."
Nate mentioned Bobby's love for a switchblade. He could hear the shuffle of paper on Carter's side of the phone.
"That makes sense. According to several police reports, it's his weapon of choice." The chief cleared his throat. "Why now? Why didn't he make a move on Asia sooner? Joanna's gone six months and some."
"Who knows with Bobby? Something's misfiring in his brain. Always has been."
"Watch your back, Nate. That's where Bobby will strike. Expect his return real soon. He's not the sharpest tool in the shed."
"Smart enough to plan an attack here rather than Boston."
"He probably thinks we yahoos won't be a match for him."
"Yeah."

***
Asia was tired, too tired even to open her eyes. A hand held hers, warm and soft. "Nate?"
"I'm right here, love." 
A chair scraped the floor and she felt him coming to his feet. "Don't leave."
"I won't. I promise." 
His words comforted her. No one would hurt her with Nate at her side. 
"Are you ready to blow this joint?" 
Her eyes flew open of their own volition, it seemed. "I can leave?"
"Sure can."
"Well, hell. What are we waiting for?"



Chapter Five

Asia lifted her head from the pillow and looked at Nate standing in the doorway with a tray in his hands.
"It wasn't necessary to put me to bed." She sat up. "I'd be just as comfortable on the sofa."
"The doctor was implicit. Bed rest and sustenance. By the way, your cupboards are barer than Mother Hubbard's."
"I packed up everything for Romero House on my last visit."
He set the tray on her lap. "Tomato soup, crackers and milk, compliments of The Haunted House."
"No chicken soup?"
"You like tomato. What's the matter with tomato?"
"Nothing, other than it's red."
"Oh God, I'm sorry. That was insensitive of me. I'll have Madge send over some chicken soup."
Clearly, Nate would cater to her. He'd been so considerate, taking her in through the kitchen door and up the back staircase so she wouldn't see her blood on the floor. He probably had elves cleaning up the mess already.
"The soup's fine. I was joking."
"Are you sure?"
"Uh-huh. Did you tell Madge what happened?"
"I didn't have to. She knew."
Asia grimaced. "I keep forgetting how small a town this is."
"News, good and bad, travels at the speed of light in the Grove." He sat on the edge of the bed. "We should talk about what happened."
"Give you my statement, you mean." Ravenous, she greedily spooned soup into her mouth. Her hands shook; a combination of low blood sugar and anxiety. She broke a cracker in two and ate one half, washing the crumbs down with milk.
"Can you talk about it now?" 
"Sure. No problem. After I left you at the lake, I drove straight here. I came in the front door and removed my shoes. Then, in my peripheral vision, I saw the glint of metal." She stammered as she envisioned the knife coming through the air at her. "A second later, I realized there was an intruder in the house." She paused. This was more difficult than she'd anticipated. She wiped the moisture from her upper lip and let a few seconds pass before continuing. Nate must have sensed her unease because he clasped her hand and offered to let the statement go for a while.
"No, I'm all right." She ate more soup and crackers and, feeling stronger, continued her story without another hiccup. "And that's it."
"You weren't able to get a look at your assailant at all?"
She shook her head.
"Did you get a sense of his size?"
"I didn't hear him approach, so he may be a light walker." She didn't want to talk about the assault anymore. "Tell me about your ex-wife?"
He jerked his head back and looked her squarely in the eyes. "Why?"
"I don't know. The question just popped into my mind." She lied. Truthfully, she often wondered why his marriage had failed. Her marriage didn't work because she could never get over Nate and no man would ever measure up. Her ex-husband had been right. Maybe the time had come to admit the truth. Before she could open her mouth, he spoke.
"Catherine and I weren’t suited. We should never have married.” He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Asia knew what he was about to say would come straight from the heart. “Truth is, she wasn't you, Asia."
She smiled. "That's a wonderful answer." The right one.
"And you? Why didn’t your marriage work?" His voice was soft, tentative, like he was afraid of her response.
"The same."
He let out a long, harsh breath and took her hand. 
Nate’s strength rejuvenated her. She wanted to continue where they’d left off. “I can talk about the intruder now, if you’d like.” 
“Only if you feel up to it.”
“Go ahead. Ask your questions.”
"Do you know anyone who would want to kill you? Besides me, I mean."
"You heard that?"
"Uh-huh."
"I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking clearly. Your boots..." She closed her eyes against the image of a knife slashing the air above her head.
"What about them?"
"This morning, when I left for Harry's office, I noticed a footprint below the kitchen window. Only one boot I know makes such a distinctive imprint." She looked over the side of the bed at his feet. "Those boots, in fact."
"And from that you decided I wanted to kill you?" He cocked a brow.
"Well, yes. Wouldn't you?"
"No."
She thought about it, then laughed at herself and how absurd she could be at times. "You would have gotten more facts together before coming to a conclusion."
"Something like that."
"But not exactly." Then the truth dawned. She said the words for him. "You would never think I was capable of killing you."
"Something like that." He half-smiled. He tried not to let it show but she'd hurt him.
"I'm sorry."
He nodded.
"When I walked around the house, looking for something the assailant might have left behind, I saw the print. Aside from the fact I wasn't anywhere near the back of your house last night or any night, but if I had been, it couldn't be mine. I'd make a deeper indentation."
"So my attacker is a lighter build."
"It would be my guess. The fella who left the print in the flowerbed might not be your attacker." 
"Maybe I spooked a burglar."
"It's possible."
"But not likely?" She looked at him "I can't remember Mom or anyone in the Grove ever locking their doors. Except for Ricky Morison's crime spree, no one's ever had anything stolen from their houses." She grinned, picturing the four-year-old going from house to house helping himself to donations for his trike fund.
"How is he?" she asked.
"Reformed, house-trained and walking the straight and narrow."
"How old's he now? Ten?"
"Somewhere around there. Cute kid."
"Did my attacker leave anything behind? Anything that would identify him?" She wanted to know Nate's thoughts, wanting to be part of the investigation.
"Maybe. Carter discovered a spot of blood on the dining room floor. He sent the sample to the lab for ID. If your assailant's DNA is in the system, we'll know his identity soon enough."
"It has to be his because I wasn't anywhere near the dining room at the time of, during or after the attack." The information relieved some of her anxiety. In the back of her mind, she'd wondered if her assailant would come back to complete the job he'd started. There was something in Nate's expression that said he was keeping something from her.
"You don't think this was random violence, do you?"
"Stabbing typically suggests a crime of passion."
She knew what he was thinking. "There are no jilted lovers and nobody I know would do something like that, so don't waste your time investigating." The attack on her didn't make any sense. Her mother didn't have anything of great value. What valuables she had were precious only to Asia. What had Nate said — a crime of passion? She was on good terms, friends even, with her ex-husband, and there were no jealous lovers. She wasn't in a relationship, and no one she'd dated would hurt her. Her split-ups had been, if not mutual, amicable.
"What do we have, then?"
Asia thought Nate had asked the question expecting her to know the answer. After a moment of thought, she remembered what Harry had said. Then she understood what Nate was getting at but didn't want to say.
"My mother's house. Bobby and I own it equally, per stirpes. Neither of us have children, so if one of us dies, the surviving sibling would inherit the house. Oh God.” Her skin chilled as she said the words no sibling should ever have to say. "My brother tried to kill me."
Ashamed and heartbroken, she covered her face with her hands. Two minutes passed before she could look at Nate. "He tried to kill me," she said, unable to wrap her mind around the certainty. "What did I do to him that was so awful he wants me dead?"
Tears she'd managed to hold back burst free, flowing from her eyes and down her cheeks. Her heart couldn't ache more if Bobby had stabbed it.
Nate took her in his arms and held her. "It isn't anything you did, honey. This is all on Bobby. All his. No one else's." He kissed her hair and rocked her. "I won't let him come near you."
She used her fingers to wipe the tears from her face. "I know you won't." She removed herself from his hold and looked at him. Within an instant, she felt powerful, like she could take on all the riff-raff in the world and win.
"Feeling better?" he asked.
She nodded. "A good cry always helps." She managed a smile.
He nudged his chin at the tray. "Eat up. You need to rebuild your strength."
"I really can't eat anything."
"Eat."
"Okay, okay." She took the bowl of fruit salad and ate until there wasn't any more. Fatigue overtook her, then. Her mind was numb and her fingers shook. "I think I'll rest for a minute or two."
He set the tray on the dresser and fluffed the pillows. He ordered her to lay back and close her eyes.
"Yes, sir."
He kissed her forehead.
She grabbed his hand. "Please don't leave."
"There isn't any place I'd rather be." 

Chapter Six

Asia woke to the sound of wind rushing the back of the house. She sat up without considering her wounds. The pain in her arm and leg was agonizing. She fell against the pillows and closed her eyes against the throbbing.
"Good morning, sleepyhead," Nate said.
The wave of pain passed and she resumed regular breathing. She looked at Nate in the high-back chair across from the bed.
"I hope that's not where you spent the night."
"It was more comfortable than a stake-out."
"Have you ever been on a stake-out?"
He grinned and worked his mistake. "I meant to say I'm sure it was more comfortable than a stake-out, not that I've ever been on one. I meant to say."
"Uh-huh. What time is it?"
He looked at his watch. "Eight-ten. You slept well."
She yawned, unable to remember her last good night's sleep. The rumble of an engine in the back yard had Nate peering out the window.
"We got hit hard last night."
She didn't know what he was talking about. "Am I missing something?"
"The snowstorm." 
It took her a moment to remember. "Oh, right. The Nor'easter."
Nate didn't need to say anything more. Other than snow machines and dog sleds, no one would be coming or going for awhile, not with unplowed highways, blustering winds and zero visibility a blizzard would bring. Everyone would hunker down to wait out the storm. At least now she wouldn't fret about getting back to her shop or about being attacked again in the next few days.
"Did I hear a snow machine just now, or am I hallucinating?"
"No, it's Madge with our breakfast. I left the door unlocked for her. Don't worry, no one can get up here. I locked the doors leading into the main house."
That was her Nate. Always thinking. "Great. I'm famished. First, though, I need to use the bathroom." She threw off the covers.
He leapt to her side. "I'll carry you. Remember the doctor's orders. No undue strain to the leg. You could rupture the wound."
She looped her good arm around his neck when he lifted her from the bed.
Minutes later, refreshed, Asia opened the bathroom door. "I'm finished," she said into the hallway.
Nate didn't answer. In fact, the house was still — exceptionally still. Not the rattle of a water pipe or window or the creak of the floor. A chill rushed down her back. She called his name again. "Nate?" He didn't answer. 
Where was he? He said he wouldn't leave. Maybe her assailant – there was little doubt Bobby was her attacker, yet she refused to call him by name. In denial, a therapist would say – had come back and Nate didn't hear him, attacked from behind like he'd done to her. Her fingers shook at the thought. She worried then that Nate wouldn't expect an intruder, not with the streets impassable. No one should be coming or going anywhere. Except snow machines. Maybe it hadn't been Madge with their breakfast. She could hear footsteps on the stairs. They didn't sound like Nate's. He stepped quietly and lightly. So had her attacker. No. Not again. Without any noise, she closed the door to a crack and peeked out. If Nate had been rendered unconscious, there was no one to protect her. Her wounds made rapid movement virtually impossible. She would be defenseless against an assault. She looked around the bathroom for something to use to defend herself. Her battery-operated toothbrush was her meanest weapon.
Again, she peeked into the hallway, holding her breath. The top of a head came into view. She'd recognize the closely cropped hair anywhere. Exhaling, she opened the door.
"Oh, thank God. I thought the intruder returned." Maybe when the results of the blood analysis came back and pinpointed Bobby as her assailant, she'd accept the truth.
"He'd be in handcuffs by now," Nate said, smiling and climbing the remainder of the stairs.
She hobbled into the hall, ignoring Nate's warning to take it easy. She looked at their breakfast.
"Madge outdid herself. Everything looks scrumptious."
"There's more in the kitchen," he said.
"Really? Gosh." They could hole up there for days.
"Wait here while I put the tray in the bedroom."
She did as he told her and waited for him where she stood.
Seconds later, Asia was in bed and staring at her breakfast. "I haven't had oatmeal since I started drinking coffee and that was...too many years ago to keep track of. I was hoping for bacon and eggs or pancakes and sausages. You don't suppose Madge's conspiring with my doctor?"
"Could be, but then you more than most people already know oatmeal is wholesome and speeds up the regeneration process."
"I know. I know." She eyed the grapefruit, orange wedges and blackberries. "I should be back on my feet in a couple of days."
He looked at her suspiciously. "Planning on going somewhere?"
"I have to get back to Boston. My shop...."
"Don't you have a second-in-charge?"
"Yes, but — "
"But nothing. It's time to delegate. You're the boss. You can do what you want." He brought his brows together. "Or is it something else? Some other reason you need to leave."
She held his gaze. "No, just my shop."
"Okay, then. Dig in." He handed her a plastic spoon.
"Madge thought of everything."
They ate in silence.
Swallowing the last blackberry, Asia pushed the tray aside. She noticed the single cardboard cup on the bedside table next to Nate.
"Where's my coffee?"
"None for you. Caffeine robs the body of vitamin C. You know you need a lot of that right now. We need to take every precaution."
"But the antibiotics and tetanus shot," which reminded her, "my butt still hurts, by the way." She eyed his coffee. "Just a sip. Please."
He stood and lifted the tray from the bed. "No. It's true nurses make the worst patients."
She faked a pout. "I'm irritable without my morning cup of java."
He didn't say anything.
"Like a bear wakened early from hibernation."
"I haven't forgotten." He tucked the covers around her.
Inches from his face, she could see the stubble along his jaw. Her gaze moved upward to his mouth. She closed her eyes and imagined his lips against hers. Her thoughts shifted to last night and the passion they'd shared. She murmured.
"Did you say something?" Nate asked, his arms poised over her head to fluff her pillows.
Asia couldn't wait one more second. She needed to feel his lips on hers. Now. That instant. She didn't give a hoot about her injuries. If the stitches broke, she'd live with a worse scar. Her heart was speaking and the message was clear. You love him. You've always loved him. There's no other man for you. He's the one. She put her hand against the back of his head and drew him downward until their mouths were aligned.
"This is not a good idea, Asia."
"Why the hell not?" she asked, unable to remove her gaze from his lips, kissable, perfectly shaped lips. She applied pressure to his head, urging him to surrender.
He didn't budge. "Your wounds. The stitches. They might come loose."
"We'll have to be careful, then." This time when she pushed his head downward, he didn't resist.
Hallelujah. 

***
Nate wakened to Asia nestling into the crook of his arm, reminding him of their pledge years ago.
"We'd have made beautiful children."
They'd argued on the number. He'd wanted eight. She wanted four. After much discussion, they compromised and split the difference. Not caring the gender, they'd joked their kids would inherit her strawberry blonde hair and freckles and his blue eyes and dark complexion. Anything was possible, nothing too far-reached where they were concerned.
She murmured. "We would have."
He could feel her eyelashes brush against his chest. "Is it too late?" he asked.
"I'm not over the hill yet." She punched him.
"So there's a chance?" He smiled when she nodded. He wondered the odds but wouldn't spoil the moment by asking.
A sharp, short rap came from below them. Reflexively, Nate jerked upright. Any little noise spooked him these days, but that one sounded like someone's knuckle hitting hardwood. He wasn't expecting anyone. His first instinct was to grab his firearm, but refrained from doing so for the moment. If he hadn't already, he didn't want to unnecessarily alarm Asia. Only God knew what damage she would inflict on herself if she became reckless.
"What is it?" she asked, pressing herself hard against him.
He cocked an ear toward the open doorway. "I thought I heard something. Probably the house shifting." 
Asia listened along with Nate. When a squeaking noise came from downstairs, she said, “The kitchen door squeaks when it opens.”
He threw back the covers and took hold of his gun beneath the pillow. "Lock the bedroom door after me."
She nodded. "Get some clothes on."
"Hello?" a male voice called from the first floor, the sound coming up through the register vent in the hallway. "Anybody home?"
Nate recognized the voice and jumped from bed. "I'll be right down, Chief," he yelled as he threw on jeans and shirt.
Asia giggled. "Doesn't that bring back memories?"
"Yeah." He yanked on his boots, studying her. Now that she knew who was downstairs, she’d relaxed.
"Remember the time your father came home early from his shift and almost caught us in his water bed." She laughed. "I nearly broke my neck climbing out the upstairs window and down the sycamore."
He brushed a kiss across her lips. "We were hardly teenagers at the time."
She sat up and ran a hand through her hair. "And we're way past young adults now, yet here you are, all worried and embarrassed."
"Am not."
"Are too." She smiled. "But you're lucky. I don't happen to mind."
"That's good, because I have a feeling we'll share more of these times." He buckled his belt. "Stay put."


Nate found Carter sitting at the kitchen table, mukluks on the mat at the door and his balaclava warming his knee, hair as unruly as always. He knew by the rigid set of the Chief's jaw that he'd learned something, something Nate wouldn't like hearing.
"Coffee?" Nate pointed to the thermos Madge had brought with their breakfast.
"Wouldn't mind some, if you got extra."
Nate poured two cups, kept one for himself and handed the other to Carter. "What've we got?" he asked, unable to wait out the inscrutable silence Carter seemed to cherish in situations like those. He'd never determined whether the Chief was building suspense, or building courage.
"The lab analysis came back. Nothing we didn't expect. It's Bobby's blood."
"I wanted a different result. Hopeful thinking, I suppose." Nate shook his head. "Money hungry scum. He knew as her next-of-kin, he stood to inherit everything, if she didn't make provisions otherwise."
"Has she?"
Nate cocked a brow. "I don't know. Maybe not." He shrugged. "I won't ask. She might get the wrong idea. Think he's still in town?"
"If he isn't, he'll be back."
It occurred to Nate he hadn't heard the Chief arrive. Snow machines were noisy. If Asia was that much of a distraction for him, perhaps he should think about back-up.
"How're the roads? Still closed?" Nate asked.
"The plows have been out for the last couple of hours. How'd you think I got here?" Carter drew his bushy eyebrows together. "What you been doing that you didn't hear the racket?" Then as though he experienced an epiphany and understood the reason for Nate's preoccupation, he held a hand in the air. "I don’t need to know. Nate, if what I think happened, happened, are you able to stay objective?"
"I won't let anything happen to her, Chief."
"It isn't Asia's well-being that troubles me. I know you'll keep her safe, no matter what it takes. I'd hate to lose my replacement. Sean-Michael will be senior man then and you know how I feel about him. Tell me I shouldn't worry."
"I can handle the job, Carter." He could virtually see the Chief's brain dissecting Nate's statement. The Chief needed to hear the words. 
"Don't worry," Nate said, remembering the conversation he’d had with a police officer on the Portland PD. O’Connell said Bobby supported his drug habit by robbing Mom and Pop convenience stores and twenty-four hour gas stations and was always their first stop after a break-in or burglary.
Carter let out a deep breath. “I put out the word Bobby’s back in town and to notify us if anyone spots him or has a lead on his whereabouts. The town folk know not to approach him. I made it clear anyone would be an enemy to Bobby's drug-induced mind and everyone would be a source of revenue to feed his habit. No one in the Grove is safe until he’s behind bars again. Hopefully, for a long, long time.”
“Amen to that. Bobby will react like a rattler if caught in a situation he can't see a way out of. If he needs a fix, he’ll be all that much more dangerous, striking without a moment's hesitation.”
"I made that clear, as well."
Nate nodded. Of course, he would. Carter was nothing if not professional and fastidious in every undertaking.
"Bobby will make another move on Asia the moment he can crawl from his hiding hole," Carter said.
“I’m ready for him,” Nate said, thinking Carter was right. Bobby couldn't stay in hiding forever. 
The Grove PD didn't get to work many crimes. Definitely nothing like attempted murder. The citizens were peaceful people, rich on community, sharing and love. They had a few bad seeds, but they'd either sown their oats and settled into a quiet life or taken up residence elsewhere to continue their wayward life, like Bobby McDevitt. Folks had believed the Grove had seen the last of him and his philandering ways when he fled town after he raped Donna Rice.
"When do you plan on telling her?" Carter asked.
"She already suspects he attacked her. I'd like to hold off telling her. She's still shaky."
"Don't wait too long. She needs to know asap."
"I hear you." Nate dreaded giving Asia the news. It would devastate her knowing for sure her brother tried to kill her. But she needed to know and like Carter advised, soon rather than later.
Carter grasped Nate's shoulder and squeezed. "Be on your toes."
Nate nodded.
"I can spare Sean-Michael, if you feel you need back-up."
"I can handle Bobby."
Nate showed Carter out and locked the door behind him. His thoughts focused on Bobby and the danger he presented to Asia. He took a moment to collect himself, then walked upstairs.
On the landing, he announced his presence. "Don't shoot. It's me." He could hear Asia's giggle from where he stood, the sound brightening his heart.
In the moment, there was no psychotic brother wanting to kill the woman he loved and everything was well with the world. Then reality returned.
On a sigh, he entered the bedroom and found Asia in the same position as he'd left her. He decided now was as good a time as any to give her the bad news and attempted to keep his expression neutral. He couldn't fool Asia and watched her study him.
She narrowed her eyes. "You learned something," she said. "What is it?"
"It was Bobby's blood." He sat beside her.
She inhaled deeply and let out the breath, shaking her head. "I was hoping it wasn't him. The spot of blood could have been mine. It's possible a drop flew off the knife and into the dining room. It's funny how the intellect reacts. Our hearts tell us the truth, but our minds refuse to accept. God. It's still hard for me to believe. I don't know why. Growing up, Bobby was always doing something to hurt or upset me. Remember the time he poured honey in my hair while I was sleeping?" She shook her head again.
Nate stretched out beside her and wrapped her in his arms; thankful he was there to comfort her. 
He didn't have siblings and could only imagine how difficult this was on her. There was no love lost between Asia and Bobby, but she would never intentionally harm him. Bobby had no remorse, scruples or limits. Nate saw long ago, as did most everyone in the Grove, that Bobby had no conscience.
"I won't let anything happen to you," he said. "I promise."
Against his chest, she bobbed her head, her tears soaking through his shirt and dampening his skin.
For hours, Nate held her, soothing her when her shoulders shook and rocking her when her cries turned to sobs.

Chapter Seven

Nate lay still, silently grousing that they were no closer to making an arrest than the day of the assault. Nothing of any importance had happened and if he didn't know better, he'd think Bobby had given up.
The past week of forced sitting had grated on Nate's nerves. He thought too much, worried even more, second-guessed himself, reacted like prey to every sound and pretended everything was kosher.
Feeling out of sorts, he shifted in bed, trying not to disturb Asia who slept soundly at his side.
She was growing stir crazy also. Like him, she thrived on purpose. Now, with her wounds partially healed, he had a difficult time encouraging her to sit and rest. Later that morning, he'd take her to ER for the doctor to check her wounds. Asia had wanted Nate to take her to her doctor in Boston, but Nate had already made the arrangement. The ER doc seemed only too happy to accommodate them. 
They both looked forward to getting out of the house, even if it was to the hospital. The one good thing that came from waiting for Bobby to make his next move was that he and Asia grew as close as two people could. They'd spoken openly about their pasts, their misgivings and fears. His greatest dread had been living the remainder of his life without her. He'd taken her by surprise saying that, but what he couldn't determine was whether the admission shocked her or if she shared the sentiment.
He suspected it was the latter, and one day, when this Bobby business was done, he would ask.
"How long have you been awake?" Asia asked, spreading her arms wide and yawning.
"Not long. Sleep well?"
"Like a newborn. You?"
"The same." Truth was, he'd slept fitfully. He had only to close his eyes to envision Asia's mutilated body lying in a pool of blood, her expression frozen with the shape of fear she'd experienced in the seconds before her death. 
He'd jolt awake then, his heart pounding like a jackhammer.
"I've been thinking," she said.
"Oh. Oh."
She punched him playfully in the arm. "I'd like to go into the city after the doctor finishes with me."
He opened his mouth to answer, then promptly closed it when she held a finger in the air.
"Before you answer, you should know I really need to check on Aphrodite. Crystal and Dorothy are doing an excellent job of running the shop and they're keeping me posted by phone or text, but there's only so much they can do. I need to pay bills, write checks, make last minute orders, do inventory and customer catering. Christmas is right around the corner. The store is usually decorated by this time. I have personal invitations to extend. Every year I have a soirée for my customers — "
"Okay."
"And...what did you say?" She raised her head and looked at him.
"I said okay. But on one condition."
"What's that?" She chewed her lip and narrowed her eyes.
"That I drive you."
"You got it!" She swallowed. "There's something else we should get out of the way."
"What's that?" His body tensed. He didn't know why. It just did. The idea crossed his mind then that she'd rethought her marriage proposal and wanted to rescind the offer. But he'd said 'yes'. She couldn't make him take back his response. Already he thought of ways to persuade her not to cancel or postpone their wedding. He couldn't lose her again. Not for anyone. Not for anything.
"I intend to keep my shop after we're married. Do you have a problem with that?"
"None." He wouldn't try to talk her out of the decision nor would he attempt to change her mind once they were married. Aphrodite meant a lot to her. In good conscience, he couldn't ask her to part with something dear to her heart. It just wouldn't be right. "Anything else?"
"Our living arrangements."
"I'll meet you half-way between the Grove and Boston. If we can't find something to our tastes, we'll build." He had the perfect property in mind.
"Great." She looked at him and smiled. "I'll delegate more at the shop and spend your days off with you."
"And I'll cut back on working extra shifts and arrange some time with you in Boston." 
Nate knew he handled it well. His mother had always coached, 'Give a little, get a little'. But even if he weren't being diplomatic, he'd gladly give Asia any indulgence, he loved her that much.
"I can't wait for you to meet the Quints."
"Quints?"
"My friends. We call ourselves the Quints."
"How did you meet?"
"At bingo, of all wonders. Seven years ago, after my divorce, feeling lost and alone, I went for a walk to clear my head. As I was passing Stella Maris church, I heard an announcement for everyone to take their seats, bingo would begin in five minutes. How could I refuse such a summons?"
He enjoyed hearing Asia's stories, her melodic voice brimming with energy and vitality.
"I look forward to meeting them," he said.
They had more catching up to do and probably more concessions to make, but they had years to do it.
***
Nate helped Asia into an examining room in the ER and onto a bed.
"The nurse said the doctor will be right in," he said.
"Hopefully, he'll be able to take out the stitches."
"Yes, hopefully." He hid his true feeling on the subject. Asia hated being an invalid. Once she worked more mobility into her leg, he'd have a difficult time holding her still and in one place for long. She already had full control of her arm.
"You don't have to stay with me," she said. "I know you have calls to make."
"Are you sure?" There were some things he should check on, but he figured she needed him more.
"Go on." She slapped his arm. "I'll be fine."
He dropped a kiss on her nose and headed into the corridor. He found a quiet spot away from the traffic of hospital personnel and patient care, one that also afforded him a direct line of sight into the examination room area. From there, he could see anyone entering or leaving. He wasted no time calling the station. Stacey answered on the first ring.
"It's Nate. Is the Chief free?"
"He is. I hear the stitches are coming out today."
"Maybe." There were no secrets in the Grove, which made Nate wonder how Bobby managed to sneak into town unseen. Someone should have seen him. On further thought, Nate recalled how Bobby could expertly disappear and reappear.
"Asia must be antsy to reclaim her life. I can't imagine having a killer stalking me, knowing he's out there but not where, knowing he's going to strike but not when. The both of you must be total wrecks."
"We're holding up." If he weren't, her spiel would have made the hair on his arms stand up. 
"Of course you are. Here's our Chief."
Seconds later, Carter came on the line. "Today's the day, huh?"
Nate couldn't imagine the fuss over a few stitches. Maybe there was an ulterior reason behind the response. He'd heard some moaning from his colleagues about the extra shifts they were pulling. Now that Asia didn't require around the clock care, Nate could resume his normal schedule. He’d be sure to inform his fellow police officers on the Grove PD.
"We're at the hospital now. The doctor hasn't seen her yet. Anything to report on Bobby's whereabouts?"
"Wherever the weasel is, he's hiding good. Maybe he's given up. Cut his losses and run."
"We should be so lucky." It wouldn't solve Asia's problem with selling the house, though. "The man has no soul." Nate remembered the beating Bobby put on a nun. He left her naked and bleeding on the side of the road and pawned the gold chain and cross he’d stolen from her neck. "Anything from the Portland police?"
"Nothing. He hasn't shown up at his digs. There's an entire platoon of law enforcement officers on the lookout for him."
Carter paused.
Nate didn't like the sound of the silence. The chief had something on his mind, but dickered whether to tell Nate or not. "What is it?"
"Don't do something stupid."
"What do you mean?"
"Don't give me that act. You don't want anything happening to Asia, do you?"
"Of course not."
"Then don't go poking any holes. You might not like the outcome. I know you're considering baiting him into the open. Stings almost always go wrong."
"Understood. We're going up to Boston today. She wants to check her shop." Nate could hear Carter's intake of breath.
"Is that wise?" he asked, exhaling.
"We can protect her better here, but if I don't take her, she'll go herself." Nate envisioned the summer tires on Asia's Mustang. The car was light and without the grip of a snow tread and weight in the trunk, the vehicle would be all over the road.
"When do you plan on leaving?"
"As soon as the Doc finishes with her." From the silence that followed, Nate determined Carter didn't approve. Nate didn't like it either, but what could he do short of cuffing her to something solid? At least, he would be driving her.
"I can see your mind is made up, so I won't try to persuade you anymore. Take it easy and keep me informed."
Nate said goodbye and flipped the cover on his cell. He returned to the waiting area in time to see Asia limping from ER. He rushed to give her an arm to lean on.
"What did the Doc say?" he asked as he escorted her through the exit.
"That I heal extraordinarily fast and don't need a follow-up. Must be all that healthy eating."
"That's great. Are we set to roll?"
"I'm ready. First, though, I need a coffee."
"You got it." He knew she loved her coffee, but Asia looked too eager to leave the Grove. He worried her concessions to him had been made in a moment of vulnerability where she'd grant anyone their heart's desire. He didn't know whether she wanted to keep her independence by not giving up her place in Boston or was as she'd said — the reasonable thing to do. A sixty-minute drive was a long enough commute, but others traveled longer distances to be with their families. At least, it wouldn't be for long, only until they found a place of their own.
Don't go all Neanderthal with her, Nate. Don't screw up this second chance.
I won't.
He hadn't forgotten how miserable the last eighteen years had been.
At the truck, he opened the door for her and brushed his mouth across hers, feeling chilly cheeks and warm lips.
She looked up at him. "I can't wait for you to meet my friends." She giggled.
"Why are you laughing? You're keeping something from me, aren't you? What is it?"
She mimed zipping her lips. 
"Okay, don't tell me." He laughed. "But remember the last time you surprised me."
"How could I ever forget?" She broke into laughter.
He did too, when he pictured the shocked and horrified faces of their family and friends standing in his living room bursting to shout 'surprise' when he came prancing from the bathroom, naked and primed to receive his birthday present — her.
"Those were good times."
"The best." He kissed her hand. "There'll be more good memories. You'll see."
She nodded, taking her time to sit. Her wounds gave her more trouble than she let on. He got in behind the wheel and started the truck.
"Boston here we come," he said, backing from the parking spot.
"Coffee first," she said.


On the highway, Nate asked about the Quints.
"Who should I start with?" She drummed her finger on her chin. 
"How about Justin?" Nate prompted. She mentioned him twice as often as her other friends. He gathered they were close. Very close, he corrected. If Justin would compete with him for Asia's affection, he wanted to know everything about the man. She looked at him with a sly grin.
"You're interested in him, huh? Let's hope he doesn't take a fancy for you."
It took five seconds for her subtle implication to make sense. "He's gay?"
"Mercilessly."
"Oh," he said, like gays were to be pitied. Realizing how he'd sounded, he did damage control. Justin was very important to Asia and anyone important to her, was important to him. God love her. She didn't have a prejudiced bone in her body.
"I didn't mean anything patronizing or derogatory." He hoped she could determine the depth of his sincerity from the sound of his voice.
"Justin's comfortable with who he is and gets his quota, believe me. Don't feel sorry for him. He has what you and I share only with a same sex partner."
"Funny, with everything you said about him, I never picked up on his sexuality." A thought dawned on him. "Or did you engineer that?"
"Maybe." She smiled, dimpling her cheeks.
He brought her hand to his lips and kissed her fingertips. She rested her head against the back of the seat and looked at him. "No second thoughts?"
"Not one."
She turned to stare out the windshield. "I wish Bobby would make his move."
Nate did too. He was anxious to move forward with his life, with their lives. The first on his list after Bobby was out of their lives was to propose to Asia. He was as laissez-faire as the next, but there were some things that should be left to the man to do. Proposing marriage, was one. Second on his to-do list was to marry before year-end. There was no point in waiting. What would they wait for exactly? To determine they weren't making a mistake? To see whether their love for each other would last a lifetime? Whether they fit well together? Wait for someone better? Timing? No better time than the present. They'd lost too much time together as it was. He doubted she'd argue.
***
A chill wind blasted Nate and Asia as they walked the short distance to Aphrodite. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders to hold her steady. Anxious to get inside and out of the weather, he hurried as much as he dared. Not that she'd complained, but her wounds had given her some discomfort on the trip.
A bell above the door jingled when they entered.
"Crystal, I'm back," Asia said.
No one came to greet them.
Nate looked around. There were no customers and no sign of Crystal. The hair on the back of his neck bristled.
"Where is she?" Asia asked. "She shouldn't be leaving the shop unattended. Anyone could have entered and wandered out with merchandise." She took a step forward.
Nate grabbed her coattail and held on until he captured her attention.
She looked at him. "What?" She tucked her hair behind an ear.
"Something isn't right," he said, scrutinizing the store, measuring the silence, gauging the atmosphere.
It took Asia only a second to understand his concern.
"You think Bobby's here? Oh my God." She moved to Nate's side.
He felt naked without his sidearm, but Asia had argued against it. He wished he hadn't obliged her. 
"Is there a back entrance?"
"Through that doorway," she said in a hushed voice, pointing.
"What else is back there?"
"Store room and washroom off a hallway."
Nate mentally blocked traffic noise, blaring horns and sirens from his mind to concentrate on what might face him beyond the far wall. It didn't make sense for Bobby to move on Asia in the city.
The air filled with a fragrance Nate was vaguely familiar with. Incense, but he couldn't identify the scent. What in Sam hill was Bobby doing back there?
Nate's first priority was to get Asia somewhere safe, somewhere beyond her brother's reach. He half-turned to her and asked, "Do you have someone nearby you can go to?"
"Uh-huh, but I'm not leaving."
Her tone told him she wasn't budging and it would be futile for him to disagree.
"Okay," he said. "But stay close at my back."
"You got it."
With Asia following on his heels, he walked toward the back of the store.
When they came within a few feet of the doorway, he could hear chanting. One voice and it sounded female. He couldn't understand any of the words and if he could, it wouldn't make a difference. He didn't speak Latin.
He stopped outside the storeroom. Asia pressed against him. He peeked around the doorway. Shelves, packed with store merchandize lined three of the four walls, but the massive inventory wasn't what captured Nate's interest first. In the middle of the floor knelt a petite woman wearing a red velvet cloak. Incense burned in a circle around her. Her back was to them and her arms were spread wide at her sides, her head poising upward.
Before he could stop her, Asia dashed from behind him. 
"It's Crystal," she said over her shoulder as she walked to the woman. "My God, you scared us half to death. I thought you were an intruder."
Nate exhaled a breath of relief. He recognized her now from Asia's description. Toothpick slim, black curly hair, incorrigible thirty-something widow who insisted her new neighbor was her dead husband reincarnated.
Crystal jumped to her feet, turned and gaped at Asia, like she'd been caught with her hand in the till. "I didn't expect you this soon." She grinned. "It arrived," she said, bouncing in place.
"Really?" Asia darted into the circle and knelt beside the book.
Its size reminded him of the Bibles of the forties and fifties. The paper seemed translucent, like onionskin, and the writing seemed old English script. He didn't see what the hoopla was about. With Asia occupied with Crystal and their latest shipment, Nate looked around the storeroom to ensure there wasn't anyone hidden among the unpacked crates and boxes. From there, he checked the washroom and the lock on the rear door. Everything appeared undisturbed.
He re-entered the storeroom to find Asia running her hand over the pages of the book as tenderly and lovingly as a mother would stroke a newborn's face, her face beaming with energy. 
Caught up in her excitement, Nate found himself grinning like a Cheshire cat. When she turned the cover over, he read the title. The Book of Good Spells. Unless Crystal had accidentally conjured up a demon or evil spirit, which he didn't see any evidence of, there was no cause for alarm.
"How long were you standing there?" Crystal asked. "I didn't hear the door." Her face reddened. Whatever spell she attempted to cast, would obviously embarrass her. She didn't look like someone who became easily self-conscious. She peered at Nate as though becoming aware of him only then.
Asia made the introductions.
Crystal shrugged out of the robe and hung the garment on a peg near the door.
"It might be a good idea to get surveillance cameras in here," Nate said when they stood in the middle of the shop. "And an alarm system, too. Something more modern and dependable than a bell above the door."
Both women laughed.
He didn't know what they'd found funny and waited for Asia to explain. She pointed to a sign that indicated Aphrodite was protected by the forces of evil. Offenders should believe or suffer the consequences.
Nate suspected the anti-theft device had more to do with the 'no cash' policy of the shop. Later, he would have a serious discussion with Asia about security. Now, he wanted to look around and strolled between the rows of shelves.
The shop wasn't anything like he'd imagined. When he thought of Aphrodite, whips, handcuffs and spiked collars had come to mind. Pot lights in the ceiling shone on the merchandize, making colored glass sparkle and tissue paper glisten. Aphrodite featured deco boxes, gift bags, ribbons and bows. He moved on to flowers, berries and blooms of every color, shape and size imaginable. From what he could tell, everything was made of natural ingredients, most he recognized; those he didn't, he couldn't pronounce. He meandered between the rows, looking, inspecting and appraising as a customer would. Twenty dollars for a candle? He choked. Thirty-five dollars for gems that looked more like rocks the sea regurgitated. He wondered their purpose and squinted to read the fine writing. Wart removal. Really? It amazed him people bought these items.
He couldn't find a speck of dust anywhere. Floor, shelves, walls, ceilings...He wanted to buy one of everything in the store. Two of some things, like those itty-bitty camphor nuggets. He felt at odds with himself and out of place. He was here, yet he wasn't. Asia had said the shop would have an effect on him.
He'd scoffed. Imagine being affected by scents, oils and pebbles. Anyone might, but not him. 
Inventory was making him horny. He wanted to react. It didn't matter with whom, apparently. His desire was global and not limited to specific persons or genders, but inanimate objects, as well. The floor. The ceiling. He loved this shop. He loved the world. 
What was the matter with him? 
Asia snuck up on him and laughed when he jumped.
"May I help you?" she asked, tongue in cheek.
"Just looking, thank you," he said, playing along.
"You seemed intense. What were you hoping to find?"
He said the first thing that came into his mind. "Dust." Even that was strange. Other than hating the household chore, he'd never given the word any thought.
"Oh, you won't find any here. The turnover's too swift."
Asia left to tend to a customer. 
He experienced the sudden, almost uncontrollable, urge to drop to his knees and propose. Marry me. His heart spoke the words. Did she hear them? He looked at her.
She peered over her shoulder at him and winked.
No, it wasn't possible. He shook his head.
As though sensing his distress, Asia reminded him that he wanted to pay a visit on his cop buddy, Jeremy Ryan.
"Are you sure you'll be okay here?" He looked at Crystal, who couldn't seem to stop smiling.
"I'm fine." Asia put her arm around her friend and said, "Crystal will keep me safe."
He should have doubted it. The woman weighed no more than a bag of pretzels and seemed to have the mentality of a third-grader and the energy of a crack-head, though he could find no evidence of the latter.
"If you're sure," he said, aching to leave, yet aching to stay.
"I'm sure. I can get more work done if you're not here to distract me." She pinched his bottom.
He yipped. How could he have forgotten Asia's playfulness? "I'll be back at three."
"Uh-huh." She ushered him toward the door. He bent and kissed her rosy cheek. "See you then." She was so hot to him right then. Hot. Hot. Hot. Good God. One more second in that shop and he would have been reduced to a bumbling idiot. He would never mention this to Asia. Not ever.
Outside on the sidewalk, he hiked his jeans on his hips, zipped his jacket and took one quick peek over his shoulder at the shop. He didn't know what he'd expected to see, but the shop wasn't evil or offensive looking. He shook his head and sprinted toward the city center, happy to put distance between him and Aphrodite.


Chapter Eight

At three o'clock, Nate loitered on the sidewalk in front of Aphrodite. Men and women dressed in expensive clothes and carrying attaché cases darted around him as he peered through the front window at Asia tending to customers, a pencil peeking out from above her ear through strands of hair. She clutched a clipboard, intermittently jotting a note or making a comment. As though feeling his presence, she turned and looked directly at him, smiling. She waved him inside. He raised a finger in the air and for a moment considered motioning her outside. No. That would be a coward's way, someone afraid of a few candles and eucalyptus leaves. In mid-motion, he changed the direction of his fingers and signaled 'be-right-there'. Like before, the bell above the door jingled his presence, only this time Crystal ran from the storeroom to greet him. He returned her smile.
"Just here to pick up Asia," he said, still grinning.
"She shouldn't be too much longer. Mrs. Wabush will not be served by anyone but Asia. The old battle axe should consider herself fortunate that anyone wants to wait on her."
Nate couldn't believe his ears. "What did you say?"
"I said the poor woman is beside herself with grief. She recently lost her husband, Married for sixty-two years. What did you think I said?"
"That," he answered, hoping he sounded truthful. "Sixty-two years, huh?"
"I know!" She hit his arm. "Fricking freaking amazing."
Nate jiggled his finger in his ear and swallowed, popping his ear.
Asia hobbled over to him, leaving her customer sniffing fragrances.
He had bad news for her. "I know I said we'd have dinner with your friends but we should head back," he said. "The forecast is for more snow beginning early evening and you should probably give your leg some down time. You've been on it for the last four hours. Did you even stop for lunch?"
"Crystal brought me a sandwich from the diner down the street."
"I bet you ate on your feet."
"Maybe." She stuck her tongue in her cheek and peered at the floor.
"Did you rest your leg at all?" He had his answer when she looked everywhere but at him. "Wait here. I'll grab your coat and purse."
Thirty seconds later, he was back at her side helping her into her jacket and pushing her out the door.
"Get those Christmas decorations up," Asia said over her shoulder. "And give Madame Wabush a sample of the Soo-ka-bi lotion for the calluses on her heels."
In the alley on the side of Aphrodite, Asia turned to Nate and asked, "Can we take a few minutes to check on my apartment?"
"Sure," he said, realizing she would rest easier knowing no one had violated her home. Besides, he wanted to see where she lived. 
He slipped his arm around her waist and walked with her to the stairs. He noticed a hand decorated wooden mailbox attached to the bottom post. "You get mail back here?"
"Why do you find it strange?"
"It's an alley, solely meant for ingress and egress and back doors." With that said, he looked around and found nothing he would expect to see in an alley. There were no dumpsters, no debris of any kind, no smells and no cardboard boxes, yet rear entrances on buildings on either side housed businesses. He found it peculiar, but refrained from saying so.
"It's also the main entrance to my home."
"But not your only one. You have access to the upstairs from your store."
"True, but when Aphrodite is closed, I and my visitors use this way."
"What's the address?"
"Seventy-seven South Twenty-fifth Alley Way."
"You're joking."
"Maybe." She grinned and bumped her hip against his.
Somehow, he didn't think she was, but let the subject drop. "Aren't you going to check your box for mail?"
"Nope, my mail is delivered to the shop."
He followed her up the stairs. Before she could turn the doorknob, he stepped in front of her.
"Let me check out the place first."
There wasn't any sign her apartment had been broken into, but he didn't want to take unnecessary chances.
"You think Bobby might be here?"
"No, but better safe than sorry. The next fifty years belong to us."
She rose on tiptoes and kissed him. "I love you too."
He couldn't let her distract him and turned serious. "Stay here."
He opened the door and scrutinized the kitchen. Nothing seemed out of order. He moved forward through a hall, going from the living room to the bedrooms and bathroom, all of which were as he expected she would keep her home — neat, clean and furnished with antiques and decorated with doilies, crystal and china. Everywhere he looked, he saw Asia. He retraced his steps and came back into the kitchen.
"All clear," he said.
"Bobby wouldn't be so bold," she said, walking to him.
"It makes a certain sense. No one would expect him to hide out in the home of the person he attempted to murder."
"Probably the last place anyone would look. Are you sure he's not in here?" she asked, obviously rethinking the situation.
"Positive. I wouldn't let you inside if I suspected there was even a minute chance you could be harmed." He smiled, hoping to reassure her.
"Okay," she said. "I trust you." She traipsed past him into the hallway.
"Where are you going?" He caught up to her.
"To my bedroom."
"Huh?"
"Put it back in your trousers, buster," she said, winking. "I need to pack a few things."
He followed behind her and waited in the bedroom doorway while she threw clothes and toiletries in a dark red carry-all.
"That's it," she said.
He took the luggage from her hand.
She put her finger on the light switch and turned to him.
Something wasn't right. Nate saw it in her face. "What is it?"
"The bed."
He looked at the queen size bed, the brass headboard and the quilt and didn't see anything amiss. "What about it?"
"I always put the pillows against the headboard and the shams in front of them."
"Are you sure you didn’t – " If Asia hadn’t inadvertently reversed the arrangement, someone had been in her apartment and either slept in her bed or purposely rearranged the pillows knowing Asia would notice. It would be something Bobby would do to torment her.
She shook her head. "I could have. I was upset when I left, and my mind was somewhere else." She laughed. "You must think I'm silly."
He hugged her. "I would never think that."
"We should start back," she said.
He eyed the bed, thought about it for a moment, but fought his desire.
Asia looked worn out and the safest place for her was back in the Grove where his friends and fellow police officers would stand together to protect her.
***
Three days later, eleven days after the assault on Asia, Nate stood in the center of the squad room, issuing instructions on the day's agenda.
"Sean-Michael, I want you to check out Benson's old barn."
"Bobby wouldn't be hiding there. The place will fall down around his ears. He's too smart for that."
"Smart enough all right to hide where we'll think he wouldn't. We need to focus on those places and revisit the ones we've already explored." Nate looked at Dave Nichols who sat on the corner of his desk. "Hot Shot, go around to the farms on St. Anne and ask them if you could check their fruit cellars and other out-buildings. If they're not cooperative, don't force the issue. We don't have search warrants and for the time being, we're not interested in stills, illegal hooch or weed gardens."
Sean-Michael interrupted. "I'm guessing you're not referring to dandelions."
"You guessed right."
"If we see something, can we go back later with a warrant?"
"Of course." There wouldn't be any warrants served. Nate had called ahead to ensure the cooperation of a few of the farmers. Jack Riggs grew medicinal marijuana to ease back pain after a farming accident. From time to time, a few joints changed hands, but never money. He accepted donations of food, though. Harley Dodge allegedly operated a still. No one's ever discovered its location, but ol' Harley ribbed the police about it being somewhere on his ten acres of farmland, they could come by anytime to check, if they liked. On the unlikely chance one of them slipped up and left something for the police to see, it wouldn't remain there for long.
"Any questions?" Nate asked.
Sean-Michael and Dave shook their heads.
"Proceed with caution. Bobby's lethal. Do not attempt to apprehend. If you see anything unusual, something that shouldn't be where it is, do not investigate. Call me or the Chief. Got it?"
The door opened and in walked seventy-seven-year-old former police chief Chet Harris.
"Chief," Nate said with a nod. Chet was big on formality and low on cordiality. These days a cell phone took the place of his six-shooter, riding low on his hip.
"Deputy." Chet tipped his Stetson in Nate's direction.
Chet was also lax on personal hygiene. Nate caught a whiff of him as Chet approached the counter.
"What can we do for you today?" Nate asked, like he didn't know.
"You got it reversed, sonny. It's what I can do for you."
Nate had wondered when the old geezer would show. Chet never missed a chance to tout his law enforcement prowess or an opportunity to upstage Carter. There was no love lost between those two.
Sean-Michael and Dave shot by Nate like a bullet train, probably afraid he would hook Chet on either of their detail.
Nate decided to follow their lead. "You'd be wanting to speak to the Chief then."
Chet let himself inside the squad room. "I know the way."
Nate watched the ex-chief mosey through the hallway, favoring his bum hip.
The telephone rang.
Nate signaled to Stacey that he'd pick up the call. "Good morning, Grove Police Department," he said into the telephone receiver.
"You son-of-a-gun," Carter said. "I'll get you for that."
Nate laughed. "Beer's on me tonight at the Drunken Dragon."
"I got this feeling I'm going to be mighty thirsty tonight."
"Duly noted." Nate hung up and grabbed his hat from the coat rack.
"I'll be back in an hour," he said to Stacey and walked out of the station and to his truck.
At the limit of his endurance, Nate needed some down time. What sleep he managed since Asia's assault came riddled with nightmares of her death. He only had to close his eyes for visions of Bobby plunging a switchblade into her heart to surface in his mind. He'd jerk awake, then realize her death wasn't real. Relief would wash over him, but the distressing memory would taunt his thoughts hours after.
Asia's patience was being tested as well, and being forced into protection was difficult on her. She didn't feel at home in the Grove, not anymore. The house where she'd been raised brought up happy memories, but also saddened her. She worried about her shop and though her friends kept in close contact by phone, she missed them. She missed everything about her way of life — the café around the corner from Aphrodite where she picked up her morning coffee and croissant; the lunch crowd at the book store; shopping; and the tellers at her bank — which caused him to wonder whether Asia would be able to keep her promise to him about their living arrangements. He couldn't blame her. She'd want to and if he forced the issue, she'd end up resenting him. And that wouldn't take their relationship anywhere good.
He was back to his normal schedule, but there wasn't anything normal about the routine. 
He'd vowed to protect and serve, but never expected that he'd be protecting Asia from her brother.
Nate would give his life for her. He hoped it wouldn't come to that. He'd already missed out on too much time with her as it was. Fate wouldn't be so cruel as to rob him of a future with the woman he loved heart and soul.
Waiting for Bobby to make a move wore on them all. If Bobby weren't a drug addict, Nate would think it was strategy to wear them down, wait them out, let them lapse into a false sense of security, then when they least expected, he'd attack. That would be the reasoning of a stable person. Bobby was anything but. 
Asia had made it clear to her brother years ago she wanted nothing to do with him.
Now, he was back, taking what wasn't his to take. Some things never changed.
Asia tried to hide her anxiety, but Nate saw through the pretense. If Bobby didn't make a move soon, Nate would approach the Chief about setting up a sting to coax the bastard out from hiding.

Chapter Nine

Asia and Nate had tired of frozen dinners and take-out. She woke that morning with visions of a home-cooked meal and hoped to surprise Nate with a pot roast dinner and an apple pie.
She didn't do much cooking in Boston, but here in the Grove, she craved home cooking. It seemed proper she did. Her mother had been a terrific cook and taught Asia well. Hopefully, she hadn't lost her touch.
She was thankful to be behind the wheel of her car and driving again. Nate's four-by-four was comfortable enough for a truck, but she was more relaxed in her Mustang. After Nate installed the snow tires, which he had the foresight to take from her storage room on their visit to Boston, and put weight in the trunk, he declared her car fit for winter roads. She supposed that when he made her car winter road worthy he hadn't foreseen she'd set off on her own. He should have known better. 
This was her first venture into town alone. Nate would be vexed she did, but he needed to understand he couldn't expect her to sit doing nothing day after day or need an escort everywhere she went.
Front Street, the Grove's main road, was tree-lined and narrower than usual after the recent snowfall. The closest parking place was two buildings down from Jewel's Bakery, Asia's first stop. She pulled as close as possible against the snow bank without scraping her car.
Asia had swapped her ultra-suede jacket, designer jeans and calfskin boots for a parka, cords and mukluks, sure she'd fit back in. 
Anyone who'd left the Grove and returned for visits were never able to overcome the stigma of 'too-good-for-us-now-country-folk' wit.
She walked into the bakery, not with the poise and confidence of a successful businesswoman but with the pride of a Grover, as they referred to themselves. Years had passed since she'd been inside the bakery, yet nothing had changed. Red-checkered curtains hung from the two plate glass windows on either side of the door. White and black tiles covered the floor. At the counter where cakes, cookies and pies were showcased, the smell of baking bread watered her mouth. No baker came close to Jewel. Asia would know, having sampled every bakery in the greater Boston area.
Thinking she'd pick up a loaf of bread and pan rolls as well, she rang the bell for service.
"Be right with ya," a woman said from behind the swinging door.
Asia didn't recognize the voice. One thing for certain was that it didn't belong to Jewel, whose booming voice could silence obnoxious crows.
The door swung open and out bounced a gum-chewing adolescent.
"What can I help you with today?" she asked, adjusting the net covering her raven hair.
Asia couldn't place the teen, but that shouldn't come as a surprise. Her visits to the Grove were spent entirely with her mother. Fearful she'd meet Nate, they never ventured from the house. She realized now how ridiculous that had been. How often had her mother suggested she confront her demons. It worked out, though. She and Nate ended up together.
On the one hand, she begrudged the time they'd missed, but on the other, the last eighteen years hadn't been a loss, either. She'd met a lot of people, many of whom became her friends. She'd also accomplished a lot. Life had been good to her. She couldn't disagree and now, with Nate back at her side, she had everything a woman could want.
"I'd like an apple pie and if there's any of that bread ready to be bagged, I'll have a loaf and a dozen pan rolls, also."
"I'll check with Gram, but I'm pretty sure there's some cool enough now."
Asia couldn't believe her ears. "You're Jewel's granddaughter?"
"Yes." The teen pulled her bottom lip between her teeth and studied Asia through narrowed eyes, obviously attempting to place her.
Asia saw the resemblance now. "My God, you were just a baby when I left the Grove." She watched the teen's eyes grow large, like she finally put the puzzle piece in place, but before she could say anything, Asia introduced herself.
"And you are?"
"Miranda," she said, her high-wattage smile brightening the bakery.
Asia recalled the story behind Jewel's granddaughter. Her only son had impregnated homecoming queen Leslie-Lou Glennie. Jewel had taken in the child when neither Leslie-Lou or her parents wanted anything to do with her.
"Shouldn't you be in school?" Asia asked, immediately regretting her curiosity. She apologized. "I'm sorry. It's none of my business."
"It's okay. Around here everyone knows each other's business. To answer your question, I'm a freshman at Tufts. I'm home for Christmas break."
Asia managed to hide her surprise and before she could ask any questions, Jewel burst through the swinging door. Asia knew the moment Jewel recognized her. Her face broke into a hearty smile.
"Well, hello there. Been wondering when you were going to pay a visit," Jewel said.
"Mea culpa," Asia said, smiling.
"Been rather busy trying not to get killed, I'd wager. Bobby. Who knew?" Subtlety had never been Jewel's forté.
"Yeah, who knew," Asia said, taking no insult. She'd always known Bobby didn't fire on all cylinders. So did everyone in the Grove. Murder, though? She doubted anyone had seen that coming.
"We've got your back, dear," Jewel said. "Don't you worry none." She reached across the counter and patted Asia's hand.
"Thanks. That's good to know." Asia felt better already.
"Now, did I hear something about a loaf of bread and pan rolls?"
Five minutes later, Asia headed from the bakery, her arms laden with breads and pastries. She made it to the car without dropping any of her packages. At the driver's door, a stylishly dressed forty-ish woman caught Asia's attention. She seemed familiar. A second passed before she put a name to the face. She ducked in her car and hurriedly placed her bundles on the passenger seat, then bobbed back out.
"Hello, Brittany," she said sternly. Asia had always been afraid of what she might do if she came face to face with her, the woman responsible for tearing Nate and her apart. Now that Asia was, she didn’t feel anything for the troublemaker.
Brittany stopped abruptly and turned to look at her. "Asia."
Asia had expected her to feign recognizing her. If Asia were feeling obliging, she'd give the woman kudos. Instead, she wondered how Brittany caught the eye of any man. Her haughty attitude, up-turned nose, thin lips and humorless eyes should turn anyone away.
"How're you doing?" Asia asked all sweetness.
"Not as good as you, apparently. He finally won you over, huh?"
"This time it's forever."
"If you say so." Brittany chuckled, an eerie sound that chilled Asia's heart. "Tell me, Asia, whose shoulder do you think he cried on when you skipped off to Boston? Who kept him warm on those cold winter nights after you turned your back on him?"
"Nate saw you for what you are, Brittany. He didn't want anything to do with you."
Brittany lifted her eyebrows. "Are you sure about that?"
***
Asia threw vegetables over the roast in the crock-pot and set the timer all the while Brittany's question rang in her head — Are you sure about that?
Of course, she was sure. Nate would never have bedded Brittany. She wasn't his type. 
Over the past several days, they'd spent a lot of time talking, touching on every subject. They'd become so well acquainted it was as though they'd never been apart. If Nate had slept with Brittany, he'd have told her.
Asia pruned her face and mocked Brittany's snooty manner. Cocky witch. She should have lobbed a snowball at her. Too late now. She missed her chance, but they’d probably run into each other again. 
Brittany had made the Grove her home. After graduating high school, she furthered her education and attended Boston University. From there, she returned to the Grove without a husband or any prospect of one and a marketing degree. She secured a position at Southern Co-operative. After completing the six-month initiation in four, she vaulted up the ranks of banking and secured the bank manager's position after Hank Jessop retired, a position she still held today. Asia didn't do business with the Co-operative. If she had, she would have taken her business elsewhere, not that she banked in the Grove.
Now that she would frequent her hometown on a weekly basis, Asia thought about doing something about Brittany. It wasn't that she threatened her physical or mental well-being or was an obstacle to her in any way. Brittany was more like an ant at a picnic, pesky but tolerable. 
Still, after all these years, the woman could get a rise out of her for something that happened years and years ago. She thought she'd gotten past it, but maybe she hadn't. Some hurt and anger took up permanent residence in our hearts, sometimes without us even knowing.
The grandfather clock in the hallway chimed one o'clock.
Satisfied the slow cooker would cook their meal, Asia grabbed her coat off the peg in the front hallway and peeked through the window in the door.
She couldn't see anyone and rushed from the house.
That morning Asia had learned from Oswald of Ozzie's Meats that spinster Henrietta Hornecastle experienced trouble recovering from knee replacement surgery. The woman had no one and needed help with daily exercises and meals, but her pride refused to accept assistance from anyone willing to lend a hand.
Asia had some experience dealing with little old cantankerous ladies and decided to pay a visit on the woman.
Henrietta lived five houses down Millhaven Lane. Asia didn't bother with her car. She walked at a brisk pace and with a firm purpose, her breath forming a white cloud before her face. As Nate had instructed, she kept a fervent watch of her surroundings, particularly at her back. On her belt, she carried a cell phone, a walkie-talkie and a can of wasp spray, which Nate assured her was more effective than pepper spray. It sprayed farther, for one thing. She was certain Bobby wouldn't make a move on her again in daylight, especially now that his presence had been compromised and his identity revealed.
She arrived at Henrietta's and rang the bell, turning to look behind her. The street and the houses on the opposite side were quiet. She turned back when Henrietta yelled from inside the house.
"Go away. I have two of whatever you're selling."
"Henrietta, it's Asia McDevitt. I'm here to help you with your exercises." Last night, she'd researched post surgery regimens for knee replacement recipients. She missed nursing and looked forward to applying her skills. 
"I told you to leave. Don't you understand English?"
"Say what you want, Henrietta, but I'm not leaving until I've done what I came to do."
"I'm calling the police."
"Go ahead, but I'm still not leaving. Just so you know, I have an in with the police department. May I come inside?"
"Go away."
Henrietta was still as sour as a lemon. 
Asia turned the knob, not surprised to find the door unlocked. She peeked in and yelled, "Here I come. Get decent."
Henrietta didn't holler or shout obscenities, like Asia expected.
Asia didn't need a blueprint to learn her way around Henrietta's. With a few exceptions, the houses on Millhaven Lane were all two-story three-bedroom homes and basically laid out the same. At one time or another, she'd been in all the houses on the street, with the exception of this one. With good reason. Henrietta Hornecastle was not a pleasant woman. Strange, considering she chose teaching as a profession.
Nate's words of caution rang in her mind: Be careful, Asia. Bobby could be anywhere. Anywhere, Asia. Particularly where you least expect him to be.
What could be more unexpected than old lady Hornecastle?
Standing on the Oriental rug in the foyer, Asia listened. Other than the ticking clock against the wall at her left, the house was quiet. She wondered where the old lady was.
"Mrs. Hornecastle?" Asia asked, taking tentative steps through the hallway.
It was early afternoon and sunny, yet the house was dark.
She reached the living room doorway and peered inside. Heavy drapes covered the front window.
She called to Henrietta again, giving her eyes a chance to adjust. Something whizzed past her ear and landed on the floor behind her. Asia wouldn't back down. She was there to help Henrietta and help her she would.
"Anything else you care to fire at me? Now's your chance." Asia's eyes had adapted but visibility was still negligible.
"Don't you listen, girl? I told you to go away."
"My mama always said I had a head like a turnip." Asia followed the sound of the old lady's voice and found her sprawled on the sofa, a blanket covering her legs. Empty food containers from The Haunted House littered the floor and coffee table. In times of joy, need and sadness, the citizens of the Grove banded together and helped, even those persnickety old ladies who wouldn't lend of themselves for anyone.
"Here you are." Asia walked to the end table and switched on the light. "Isn't that better?"
Henrietta harrumphed.
Asia patted Henrietta's hand. "It's nice to see you too." Henrietta had aged considerably since Asia had last seen her. A first-grade teacher, the kind who left a lasting impression on five-year-olds but not in a good way. Henrietta didn't frighten her. Asia knew how to handle bullies and nasty teachers now.
"Oswald at the meat shop said you're having a little trouble with your knee," Asia said.
Another harrumph.
"Fine. Don't talk to me." Asia took off her jacket and threw it over the arm of a chair. "I'm not leaving here without doing what I came to do." She tied her hair back and undid the drawstring on her backpack.
"What do you have in there?" Henrietta asked, bringing her sparse eyebrows together.
Asia wondered whether Henrietta thought her day of reckoning had come. "Rewards," Asia said, jiggling the bottles and grinning. "But only if you do your exercises."
"I'm too old for exercise."
"How would you have liked the doctor to say you were too old for a knee replacement?"
"Harrumph."
"Now, let me have a look at your leg." Asia rubbed her hands together to warm them.
"Are you a nurse?"
"Yes, ma'am, I am. It's fair you should know though I don't practice nursing anymore, but I keep up-to-date." Before Henrietta could change her mind, Asia lifted the throw and removed the bandage covering Henrietta's knee.
"How is it?" Henrietta asked, lifting her head from the pillow and squinting at her leg.
"It's healing nicely. When did you have the surgery?"
"Can't remember."
"When were you released from the hospital?"
"Can't remember that either. Besides, what business is it of yours?"
"Get this done in Boston, did you?"
"Yup. Horse doctors, they got up there." Henrietta folded her arms across her bosom and jutted her chin. "When they weren't sticking me with needles, they were shoving things up my unmentionables. Pin cushions and guinea pigs, that's what they think of old people. Never answered one of my calls. Don't know why they attach that buzzer to the bed if they have no intention of responding. I could have been dying, for all they knew. And the food," she rolled her eyes, "rank, is what it was. How'd they expect the sick to regain their strength feeding them crap like that? Stale bread and rotten fruit. I saw mold in a Jell-O cup, I did."
Asia sympathized.
Henrietta looked at her as though she only then recognized her.
"I know you. You're...you're..."
"Joanna McDevitt's daughter. We live just down the street. You taught me in first grade."
Henrietta narrowed her eyes. "Oh, I get it now. This is payback, isn't it?" She snatched the blanket from the edge of the sofa and threw it over her legs. "Well, you aren't going to get the chance, little missy. I remember you. Mischievous, little one. Always pulling pranks on the other kids. Set little Sissy Mersereau's hair on fire."
"Miss Hornecastle — "
"Get out. Get out now." She cowered in the corner of the sofa, her eyes widening with fear.
"You're confusing me with my twin brother, Bobby. You remember him, don't you?"
Henrietta looked into space awhile, then dipped her head and frowned. "He doesn't live in the Grove anymore. Bad seed, that one."
Asia couldn't argue. "He's back in town. Didn't you hear?"
She pruned her lips. "Seems I remember something about that. That Healy fellow brought a flyer around, asking for our help in apprehending him. Cops in this town couldn't find their ass with a magnifying glass. Harrumph."
Asia held back a smile. "You haven't seen Bobby, have you?"
"Naw. He'd have no reason to come here."
Asia heard a noise upstairs. Her pulse quickened. She looked at Henrietta. "Is someone in the house besides us?"
"Nobody wants to spend time with an old lady. It's probably a cat scratching at a window. They climb the tree out front, then leap onto the porch."
It sounded more like a two legged creature to Asia. She wouldn't rest until she knew for certain what caused the noise. "Is it all right if I take a look?"
"Suit yourself. It seems you do anyway."
Asia walked into the hallway and peered upward into the darkness. As she reconsidered her notion to investigate, something landed heavily with a resounding thud on the floor above her head.

Chapter Ten

Startled, Asia jumped in the air, landed and settled in place. She listened. Whatever caused the thud had stopped. With her mind telling her how bad an idea it was, Asia tiptoed up three steps and stopped. Everything was quiet. It didn't mean there wasn't someone or something up there though. She'd heard a noise. It wasn't her imagination.
"Is anyone up there?"
Her cell rang. She nearly jumped out of her socks. Keeping her gaze on the upstairs landing, she took the cell from her belt and answered. "Asia McDevitt."
"Where are you?" Nate asked.
"Henrietta Hornecastle's and I think someone's in the house."
"Barricade yourselves in the kitchen. I'll be there in five."
Asia closed her phone and hurried into the living room. "Time for those exercises, Henrietta," she said, keeping her voice soft. Without waiting for a response, Asia turned the woman's legs sideways.
"I don't want any exercise. I already told you that. You really do have a one-track mind."
"You can thank me later." She ducked under Henrietta's arm and pulled. Henrietta didn't budge. Asia turned and looked at Henrietta. "I can't do this alone. I need your help. Please."
Henrietta appeared to ponder Asia's plea.
She couldn't wait out the old lady. Asia glanced over her shoulder at the stairs before taking a different tactic. "How does a cup of coffee sound?"
"I prefer tea."
"Fine, tea then, but you have to earn it by walking to the kitchen." She looked over her shoulder again. All clear. She turned back. "All set?"
Henrietta nodded. "I'll try."
"Good."
Asia took hold of her again. This time when she pulled, Henrietta came forward. Asia helped her stand. "I knew you could do it."
"I'm not an invalid. I go potty without assistance."
Asia hobbled with Henrietta into the kitchen and sat her on a chair at the table. She appeared casual when she closed the doors and turned the skeleton keys in the locks.
"Why'd you shut the doors?"
Asia thought fast. "To keep in the heat. I wouldn't want you catching a chill. Now how about that tea?"
Asia took the kettle from the stove and emptied it in the sink.
"What did you do that for?" Henrietta asked. "Water's metered and expensive. Those clowns on the town council sit around thinking of ways to get more money from us. But I'm smarter than them." She tapped her temple. "I buy my water at the grocery store."
Asia hid her smile behind a cough.
"I don't know why I hooked up to municipal water. My well is fine. Seemed like a good idea, at the time, I suppose. Where's my tea?" She looked at the kettle in Asia's hand. "Water's not going to boil that way, girly." 
Asia turned on the burner under the kettle, then propped Henrietta's leg on a chair. "More comfortable?"
Henrietta didn't seem impressed with Asia's nursing skills. She remembered her benefactor, and how she'd trusted Asia, placing herself in Asia's care heart and soul and never once questioning her.
Eileen was a generous and loving woman. Asia was fortunate to know the love of not one but two pure souls. Her mother and Eileen would have become fast friends, had they met. Unlike Henrietta, who seemed to revel in alienating those around her.
"Police, open the door."
Asia recognized Nate's voice.
"What are they doing here?" Henrietta asked. "Delivering more flyers, I suppose."
"I'll check." Asia opened the door leading into the hallway. Two seconds later, she was throwing herself at Nate. He wrapped her in his arms. She clung to him.
"Are you hurt?" he asked.
She shook her head and untied her hands from his neck.
Nate looked at Carter, keeping watch on the second floor. "I'll take lead."
Carter nodded.
With a flick of his finger, Nate indicated for Asia to go back to the kitchen.
"Be careful," she said.
Asia re-entered the kitchen with the whistle of the kettle.
"Water's ready," Henrietta said. "Where have you been?"
"Nate and Carter are here. I answered the door. Remember?"
"Of course, I remember. I'm not senile."
"No, you're not." Asia spotted the canister marked "Tea" on the counter.
Henrietta watched the door Asia had entered. "Where are they?"
"Who?"
"The police." Henrietta narrowed her eyes. "What's the matter with you, girl?"
"They're upstairs, investigating the noise we heard earlier."
"What noise? I didn't hear any noise. Since when do the police investigate noises in people's houses? I can't keep air in the tires of my car, but do they investigate that? Nooo. The last I saw of the statue of Our Lady of Perpetual Help was when it was floating down the Jemseg River. It's those little hooligans over on Ocean Westway. But do the police investigate them? Nooo."
Minutes later a knock came at the inside door. "It's Nate. Open up."
Asia virtually flew to the door and led Nate inside. "Was it him?"
"Him who?" Henrietta asked. "There's something the matter with you people. You talk in riddles."
Nate said to Henrietta, "A bird found a way in through an air vent in your attic. We helped it find its way out."
Henrietta scoffed.
He peered at Asia, frowning. "What are you doing here?"
"I'll explain later."
"Are you ready to leave?"
She watched Henrietta sip tea. "In a few minutes. I want to get her settled back on the sofa, but before that I'd like to neaten the living room." Asia hadn't checked, but she wouldn't have been surprised to find mold in those take-out boxes.
"I'll give you a hand."
In the living room, Nate filled a trash bag with empty food containers and paper cups while Asia cleaned the coffee and end tables.
"Where's Carter?" Asia asked.
"He left, said I had everything under control."
"He's afraid of Henrietta, huh?" 
"Oh yes." Nate grinned. "Aren't you?"
"I have you to protect me." It was her turn to grin.
Minutes later, Asia and Nate helped Henrietta onto the sofa. Asia covered the woman's legs with a throw and put the phone and television remote within her reach. "I'll come by in the morning to check on you," Asia said.
"If you feel you must." 
Nate rolled his eyes.
Asia couldn't have put it better.
Outside on the sidewalk, Nate said, "I'll walk you home."
"It isn't necessary." She looked up at the unblemished sky. "It's a beautiful day. Nothing is going to happen to me today."
"How do you know?"
"The air. Can't you smell its purity?" 
She looked at him. He didn't seem impressed with her theory.
"I'll take your word on it, but if you don't mind, I'd still like to see you home."
"If you feel you must." She laughed. "I sound like Henrietta."
"She's a pickle, isn't she?" Nate laughed.
"I guess."
"How did you end up there?"
"Your spies didn't tell you?" She bumped his hip.
"Spies?" he asked, innocent-like.
"Don't play dumb with me, mister. I saw Stacey cozying up to the telephone pole across the street from Mom's."
"Stacey, really?" He frowned. "She must have taken it upon herself to watch over you. It would be reckless of the GPD to engage non-trained personnel —"
"Yeah yeah yeah." She giggled. "She's not packing heat, is she?"
He threw back his head and laughed. "How'd you pick her up?"
"It wasn't anything she did. If I hadn't known where to look, because of your superb coaching, I wouldn't have spotted her. Did you encourage her to surveil me?" Enjoying herself, she walked slow to stretch out this time she had with Nate.
He shook his head. "If you hadn't found her out, I probably would never have known. She has no experience with someone like Bobby and could become collateral damage. I'll have a word with her."
Asia nodded. "Don't be too harsh with her. She meant well."
"She wants to be a cop."
"It's a noble occupation. How's Carter feel about her career choice?"
"About how you'd expect. He's her father and doesn't want her hurt. Answering the telephone is safe."
"Is she seeing someone?" Asia wanted everyone to be as happy as she.
"From what I hear, every guy she brings home, Carter criticizes. He's a formidable presence."
"He is. Yet, Henrietta intimidates him."
Nate looked at Asia. "She was hot for him a few years back." 
She stopped short. "You're joking."
"No, ma'am. He gave her a drive home from an AA meeting one night and she put her hand on his thigh. He ran off the road and into a field, hit one of Kelly's prized Herefords. I guess there was a lot of screaming going on, mostly from Carter."
Asia envisioned Carter and Henrietta together and a shiver overtook her. She couldn't imagine Henrietta embroidering let alone cuddling with someone. Poor Carter.
"Did she give up on him after that?"
Nate shoved his hands in the pockets of his jacket. "No, but Carter managed to avoid her until she took the hint."
"I can see what Henrietta saw in Carter. He's funny, courteous, kind and set for his retirement years. A good catch for some lucky woman. Is he seeing anyone?" Asia thought about Jewel and how fun it would be to match-make.
"There was one great love of Carter's life and she passed on."
"Adelaide's been gone for a decade. I'm not saying he should forget her, but he must get lonely at the ranch. That's a big old rambling house." A little company, a fine wine, a nice meal, petits fours...Jewel would be perfect for him!
"Asia."
She detected a note of reprimand in his tone. "What?"
"Don't go matchmaking. Carter won't like it." 
"Only if it doesn't work out for him. I'll make sure it will."
"You've already got him paired with someone, haven't you?"
She pulled in her bottom lip and looked straight ahead, gazing at him peripherally. His startled expression made her laugh. "You look like somebody gave you a wedgie."
They arrived at her Mom's.
"Here we are," she said. "You don't need to see me inside."
His cell rang. "Damn things. Why does a telephone ring at the most inopportune time? If I didn't need one, I'd feed the thing to the hogs."
"Today's technology doesn't give us a moment to ourselves."
He answered the call, looking at her and holding a finger in the air. But Asia couldn't wait. Nature beckoned. So did her pot roast. She'd been longer at Henrietta's than intended.
Wasting no time, she sprinted toward the house.
"Wait for me, Asia," Nate said at her back.
"I can't." She took the steps two at a time.
At the door, she grabbed the key from her pocket, shoved it in the slot and turned. Nothing happened. "Don't go all temperamental on me now. Please-please-please. She looked toward Heaven as she danced from foot to foot, saying a silent prayer. She turned the key again. This time she was rewarded. She thanked God for the mercy.
Asia dashed inside, threw off her boots, let her backpack drop to the floor as she scurried through the hallway. Part way to the downstairs bathroom, she stopped abruptly, realizing something wasn't right.
She listened. The house was quiet; too quiet. There should be some noise. Just then the furnace started and water pipes rattled. She let out a deep breath and continued through the hallway, but the unease she'd felt clung to her. Something was off. What was it? It dawned on her then. The aroma of pot roast should be wafting through the house.
She ran into the kitchen, looked at the crock-pot sitting sedately on the counter, its electrical cord coiled rightly beside it.
"Damn." She rolled her eyes and shook her head at her stupidity, which put a kibosh on her home-prepared meal." She looked at the wall clock. If she plugged the crock-pot in now, they'd be eating at nine o'clock tonight. She sighed. "The best laid plans."
From the kitchen, she heard footsteps on the front veranda seconds before the front door squeaked open. "I'm in the kitchen." But she couldn't wait for Nate to come to her. Nature resumed its call and she made a mad dash for the bathroom.
She could hear Nate in the hallway. "I'll be right out," she said.
"Asia, that was my next door neighbor on the phone. She said she can hear water running in my house. Probably a burst pipe. I need to check it out. Will you be all right here alone?"
"I'm not alone, remember? Stacey's watching the house. Now go, before there's a flood."
"I'll only be gone long enough to shut off the water."
"Okay." Asia wasn't frightened to stay alone. Besides, Nate's shift was almost over and he would be back soon. Bobby wouldn't make a move with Nate there.
Thirty minutes later, Asia looked at the time and wondered what kept Nate. He'd said he wouldn't be long. Maybe he had trouble finding the water shut-off. She didn't know where hers was located in either house. Men knew those things, though. Since Nate would know the logical place to look for the valve, he should have been back by now. Maybe he got a call; he was still on duty. If that were the case, he wouldn't have taken time to let her know.
She picked up the phone and dialed the station.
"Grove Police Department. How may I direct your call?"
It surprised Asia that Stacey answered. Someone else must be watching over Asia. She introduced herself. "Nate wouldn't be around, would he?"
"No, he's not. Last I heard, he was checking on you."
Asia smiled. Stacey would know that firsthand, since she had been on the street outside Asia's house when Nate walked her home. "He wouldn't be on a call?"
"No calls came through here and if he is, he hasn't checked in with me."
"Okay, thanks, Stacey."
Asia wouldn't let her know she'd seen her keeping watch. Stacey would probably feel the need to amp up her surveillance technique and where Carter hoped to quell her desire to become a police officer, Asia wouldn't encourage her.
She dialed Nate's cell and the call went straight to voice mail. She didn't find that too unusual. She often did the same.
If Nate were dealing with a flood, he wouldn't want to be interrupted.
Ten minutes passed with still no word from Nate, Asia traveled from room to room, peering through windows at the street and hoping to see Nate's squad car pulling into the driveway. She never sat or stayed in one place for more than a few seconds. She couldn't. Frayed nerves. Understandable in the circumstances, she told herself. Who wouldn't be nervous in her situation?
Enough!
Asia jumped into action. She grabbed her coat from the banister, her car keys from her backpack and shoved her feet into her boots. 
As she ran out the door and down the steps, she used the remote to unlock her car doors. Seconds later, she was behind the wheel of her car and driving the winding road that led to Nate's.
She prayed nothing had happened to him. A horrible thought crossed her mind, then. If the leak was in the basement, as they always seemed to be, and if the light was on a pull chain, as they most often were in those old houses, Nate could have electrocuted himself.
Oh God. Please don't let anything happen to Nate.
From a distance of a quarter mile, Asia could make out Nate's squad car parked in front of his house. She pulled her car to a mad stop behind him and climbed out of the car, her heart beating frantically.
Asia dashed up the walkway and took the steps two at a time, feeling her skin pull tight over her healed wound.
At the door, she didn't hesitate to let herself inside.
"Nate," she called out. He didn't answer. 
From where she stood, she could see an open door and thought it led to the basement. 
In her mind, she pictured Nate dead at the foot of the stairs. She screamed his name, but he didn't answer.
Asia ran through the hallway until she came to the open door. She looked into the semi-darkness and saw stairs leading downward. Without a moment's hesitation, she moved slowly down the stairs, calling Nate's name and wishing she had the foresight to bring a flashlight.
She stepped from the last step onto the concrete floor. 
Something grabbed her around the ankle. Her heart nearly jumped up her throat. She let out a screech and yanked her foot clear.
"It's me, Asia," Nate said.
"Nate. Oh my God. I knew something was wrong. What happened?" She pulled on the cord dangling over her head and the light came on. She knelt beside him and helped him to a sitting position. 
He massaged the back of his head. "I don't know. I must have tripped coming down the stairs and fell."
She looked around at the dry concrete floor. "There was no water leak," she said, her thoughts immediately turning to Bobby and thinking the entire story had been a ploy to separate her from Nate, her protector.
"Listen," he said.
She did and could hear water running. "I don't understand."
"The leak's in-ground outside."
"I hope it's on the town's property. It could be costly, otherwise."
He shrugged. "This is a rental."
"The poor owners then." She examined his head. "You've got a nasty bump. We should get you to the hospital. You might have a concussion."
"I'm fine."
"Men," she said. "Let's get you upstairs, then." The basement was creeping her out. There were too many dark corners to hide in. 


Chapter Eleven

At her mother's house, Asia insisted Nate take two acetaminophen tablets and settled him on the sofa. She didn't think he suffered a concussion, but gave him strict orders to let her know immediately if he experienced dizziness, blurred vision or nausea.
While he phoned in his situation to the station, she tidied up the foyer, putting away boots and hanging coats on the hooks at the front door. She didn't want to stray from Nate's side too long or far and hurried around the house.
"Hello, Asia."
At the sound of his voice, she stopped, her stocking-ed feet sliding on the hardwood floor a few inches ahead of her. 
Without losing momentum, she righted herself and though her heart hammered wildly, she managed to keep her voice even when she looked at him in the kitchen doorway only five feet away.
"Hello, Bobby."
"Long time no see."
"Not so long," she said. The areas of the wounds he'd inflicted throbbed as though she needed reminding Bobby wanted her dead.
He laughed. "I messed up," he said. "I won't this time."
From nowhere, it seemed, a knife appeared in his hand. He waved the weapon in the air before her face. That was menacing enough, but what terrified her was his sparkling eyes. He not only intended to kill her, he looked forward to doing so.
Bobby made a move toward her.
She darted out of his way, thinking she needed to keep him talking until Nate could get to her.
"You don't have to do this, Bobby. I'll sign over my share in the house to you. You can have it all. The insurance — "
He snarled. "This isn't about money."
"What is it about then? Tell me. Let's sit down and discuss it. Whatever problems we have, we can work through. We're family, Bobby. You're my brother, my twin. You're all I have left. Mom — "
"Don't you dare!" He screeched, spittle flying his mouth and landing on his chin. "Don't you dare bring her into this. This is about you and me and all those years of looking down your nose at me."
"Bobby, I never — "
"Shut up." He flicked the knife toward her and closed his eyes. "Just. Shut. The. Fuck. Up."
"Calm down, okay?" She recognized the sound of feet hitting the living room floor and knew Nate had been alerted. She looked at Bobby. He didn't seem to have noticed. 
She raised her voice for Nate to hear. "Bobby, whatever you want, tell me and I'll get it for you." Please hurry, Nate.
"You have it too, you know."
"Have what?"
"The devil. It's inside you, just like it is me, and it's only a matter of time before he takes over, like he did me."
Asia shook her head. "No." She wasn't anything like her twin. She would never believe she was capable of the atrocities he'd committed, the pain he'd inflicted on others, the torture...no, she was a good person.
"Hit the floor, Asia," Nate said behind her. 
No, she couldn't. Nate would kill him. She didn't want her brother dead. Bobby ran toward her, raising his arm high in the air, the switchblade clutched in his hand. He gave an ungodly shriek as he lunged at her.
"Asia, drop," Nate said.
She dove to the floor and covered her ears against the gunshot she knew was coming. The sound of the blast penetrated through her hands and into her ears. Bobby fell on top of her, a dead weight that flattened her against the floor. She flailed her arms and legs from side to side but couldn't move out from under him.
"Get him off me." Her chin and cheek rubbed against the floor as she turned to look into the hallway for Nate. Time seemed to drag on in the seconds she waited for Nate to reach her.
"I'm right here, baby," Nate said. "Right here." He set his fingers on Bobby's neck.
"He's dead." She didn't need to check for a pulse to know.
Nate grabbed Bobby's arm and rolled him off Asia. She threw herself into Nate's arms, sobbing. "I thought I was dead." Her body shook uncontrollably. 
Nate rubbed her back. "Shh. Everything's okay now. Bobby's not going to hurt you anymore."
She closed her eyes and mind to the sight of her brother's lifeless body on the floor beside her. "Did you have to kill him?"
"Maiming him would have only temporarily immobilized him. I couldn't take the chance I'd get to him before he tried to kill you again. He was crazy on drugs. Didn't you see his eyes?"
She did, but had thought he was thirsting for her death. "What took you so long? I thought you'd fallen asleep."
"It wasn't that long. A few seconds, maybe."
"Really?"
"I swear." As though not wanting to waste another moment's time when life could be so unpredictable, Nate asked, "Will you marry me?" 
She came out of his hold to look at him. "Are you all right?" He had to be insane to propose marriage now. Maybe his head was more injured than she thought.
"Yes, of course, I am."
"It's a strange question to ask at a time like this," she said.
"Not if you've been waiting for the best moment and never getting one." He reached into his breast pocket and came out with a velvet purple bag tied with a gold drawstring. She watched as Nate took a ring from the bag and held it between his fingers.
"Will you marry me, Asia Rae McDevitt?" He offered her the engagement ring.
"Yes!"
The door to the closet at Nate's back flew open. A second later, a woman jumped out.
Nate reacted with the speed and agility of a panther. He threw Asia to the side and stood.
Asia righted herself and peeked out from behind Nate. She couldn't believe what she was seeing.
"Crystal. My God, what are you doing in my closet?"
"You bitch," Crystal yelled. "You wanted him dead. He never did anything to you. It's time you pay."
Everything happened fast then. Crystal brought around the arm she held at her back. She screamed and held the knife high in the air and charged. Asia grabbed Nate's gun from the floor, took aim and fired. Crystal hit the floor like an anchor.
She looked at Crystal lying motionless on the floor. A horrible thought occurred to Asia. "Is she dead?"
"You only grazed her," he said.
"Why isn't she moving?"
Nate shook his head and frowned. "She must have knocked herself out when she fell."
Asia wasn't so sure. "Check her carotid artery. Something's not right."
Nate pressed his fingers against the pulse in Crystal's neck. A second later, he rolled Crystal on her back.
Asia shrieked when she saw the knife protruding from Crystal's midsection. "Oh God. Oh God. I killed her." 
Nate stood and took Asia in his arms. "No, you didn't. She killed herself."
She let Nate take her into the living room and onto the sofa. "I've got to call this in. Are you going to be all right?"
"Yes, yes. I'm fine. Do what you need to do."
Asia sat back and sorted out the last few months in her mind.
Crystal popping up at her shop, looking frail and waif-life, Asia had wanted to help her. She gave her a job, invited her into her heart and home. She trusted her with her most valuable possessions, trusted her with her friends and she'd been Bobby's accomplice, probably all along. Crystal, her long-time employee, who she treated like a sister was working with Bobby against her. He couldn't have found a more fitting partner in crime. Crystal knew everything there was to know about Asia, because she'd confided in her. Crystal knew Asia's whereabouts at all times and who she was with. Then after the stabbing, Asia had kept her abreast of all developments, not only because Crystal was her friend and someone to talk to, but because she needed to know in case there was an emergency at Aphrodite.
She sighed, thinking everything was as it should be.
Death would give Bobby the peace he could never find in life, and she would marry Nate.
She admired the lavender cabochon jade gem off-set by one-quarter carat diamonds on her finger. Nate couldn't have made a more perfect choice. Jade symbolized power.
She looked up when he entered the room.
"Why don't I take you into the kitchen and make you a cup of tea?"
Nate knew it would upset her to see her brother taken away in a body bag. Asia didn’t let on she saw through the subterfuge. She smiled and said, "I'd love some. Thanks."
She took hold of his outstretched hand and stood, flashing her engagement ring in his face. What Bobby had said about the devil being inside her bothered her. "Are you sure you don't want to back out? There's still time."
"I think I'll hang around for happily ever after." He kissed her cheek.
Asia remembered Harry's words, 'There isn't a couple who should be together more than you and Nate'. 
She smiled. "Happily ever after it will be."

The End

