One More Time (MMRD #1)
By Lyza Ledo
Copyright 2015 Lyza Ledo
Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction.  Any References to historical events, real people, or real locales are used fictitiously.  Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Dedication:
This one is for all the kids I see everyday that inspire me to be strong, not through words but through action.  
“You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice.”
~ Bob Marley
Chapter Playlist:
When I first started writing about the members of MMRD, every thing I wrote seemed to be intertwined with music. They live and breathe music. For that I did too I gave them each music personalities and did my best to stay true to those personalities. Every chapter starts with a song to set the mood for the chapter and bring you deeper into their world. 
Enjoy! 
Lyza
Prologue: “Wish You Were Here” Avril Lavigne
Genevieve

He pulled our joined hands back to his mouth and kissed them. “I wish things could be different,” he said, letting our hands drop between us on the bench. Unraveling his hands from mine, he touched my face, and began staring so intently, I felt like he was trying to memorize me. As if he would never see me again. Despite everything he said, we really weren’t going to see each other unless we had to. Rhys would make sure that happened. I could just tell this was it. 
My chest ached of its own accord. All it took was a few days, and I couldn’t picture anything but us together. I wanted to dance with him again. And hear him laugh again. I wanted to be close enough to notice the dark blue speckles in his pale blue eyes. I wanted to be close enough to be enveloped by his scent. That wasn’t going to happen though. 
“Stop that!” he said suddenly. 
“What?” 
“Those sad puppy eyes. You’re breaking my heart.” I tried to laugh, but it sounded forced. 
“Oh damn, Gen,” he said, pulling my face to his, and crushing his mouth on mine. I closed my eyes, taking in every mind-numbingly sweet sensation Rhys awakened in me. My hands slid up his arms, wrapping around his neck. He nipped at my lower lip and I opened my mouth, letting him delve deeper. I had to embrace the only thing I would ever have with him. And experience all the feelings I never felt before in my entire existence. A passion that only he seemed to awaken. A need that began very low in my belly and swelled with each brush of his mouth against mine. 
I don’t know how much time passed before we needed air, but that eventually happened. I looked at him, wanting so badly to tell him that I could make it work, but he was already over it. His eyes seemed hardened, lacking the light I formerly saw in them.
My eyes glazed over again with tears. “Goodbye,” I said, walking away before I broke down in front of him. He stayed there, watching me leave, without even bothering to follow.

 1: “New In Town” Little Boots
Genevieve

“Hold on!” I groaned as I ran to help my twin sister, Gemma, with the box she clearly couldn’t handle. I yanked it out of her flimsy hold. 
“Gen, you know Gemma is just a prop,” Bryant remarked. He was carrying a large box past us without even an offer of help. The ass! Gem rolled her eyes and grabbed a smaller box from my Range Rover. Gemma drove a two-door BMW that we couldn’t fit a single box in; so all of our stuff had to be moved by my truck, which was parked in front of our college dorm. This was the first time for both of us. Gem and I were freshman, along with our douchey neighbor, Bryant Graham. I hated him ever since I could say his name, but it never stopped our parents from constantly match-making. He was a pompous jerk, who believed he could buy anything he wanted, including me. I refused to be bought. That resulted in our mutual distaste for one another.
“I can’t believe you let him say that crap to you,” I snapped at Gemma. She was such a pushover. We were twins, but seemed as different as night and day lately. I wanted to pull away from the hold our parents had over us, but Gemma seemed perfectly content with them making all our decisions. The only rebelling Gem ever did was against our uncanny resemblance. When we were fourteen, she dyed her hair blond, and never went back to being a brunette. Another difference between us was Gemma’s insistence on always having straight, perfectly pressed hair. I prefer to let my waves flow naturally, even if they get a little frizzy during days of high humidity, like today.
I pushed the door open with my foot and almost slammed a guy in the face, who was coming out. Blinking in disbelief, he managed to dodge the door at the last possible moment. Like a gentlemen, he grabbed the door and held it open for me. 
“Thanks.” I probably sounded strained as I struggled with the very heavy box in my hands. 
“Do you need help with that?” the guy drawled in a lightly accented voice. I looked him up and down. He was wearing dark jeans and a plain white tee-shirt, but what drew my attention was the assortment of colors covering his left arm. That many tattoos screamed trouble. I shook my head. 
“Ugh, I think I’ve got it,” I answered, walking into the hall. I wavered a little at the stairs to the second floor, and he pulled the box from my grasp before I dropped it. He easily made his way up the stairs like the box didn’t feel like it was filled with bricks. Thanks, Gemma.
“Actually, I think I’ve got it,” he joked, showing off an Irish accent. “Where’s your room, doll?” he asked, walking forward. 
“Two-fifteen,” I answered, walking beside him, and feeling kind of useless. I pushed open my door.
“The name is Rhys,” he replied, dropping the box on the floor next to the growing pile of crap. 
“Genevieve,” I said, shaking his hand. 
“I’m supposed to be checking people in, but do you need anymore help?” he asked, his eyes never wavering from my face, He behaved like a perfect gentleman, even though I was dressed in my tank top and shorts. 
“Are you the RA?” I asked, feeling slightly better about letting him in my room. At least, he wasn’t an axe murderer. Okay, I was a little paranoid with all the strangers around us, but someone had to be cautious; and here’s a hint: it wouldn’t be Gemma. 
“Geez, I could have used your help, Gen. This box…” she trailed off as she appraised Rhys. Dropping the box at her feet, she giggled sweetly. Yup, I vomited in my mouth with the sound she made. Why did she have to do stuff like that?
“Twins?” Rhys questioned innocently. I averted my eyes from him, knowing what most guys thought about twins. Men imagined twins in every fantasy, porno, or whatever, Meeting a pair in real life must excite their heads as much as if they won the lottery! Rhys tilted his head at Gemma. “Name’s Rhys; and yours?” 
“Gemma,” she purred, I shook my head and noted Rhys’s broad smile. He was sunk. A dead duck for sure. All Gemma had to do was blink before men fell all over her. I never got it. We were twins, but apparently, she absorbed all of the best seduction techniques from me in the womb.
“I’m gonna grab some more boxes,” I said, walking out of the room and leaving them alone. Okay, I was disappointed; I thought Rhys was nice. He was attractive-ish, but if he were that easily swayed by Gemma, he was no guy I would bother thinking twice about. There were only two boxes left when I reached my SUV. I pulled them both out and set the alarm. Placing the smaller box on top, I slowly made my way up the stairs with little foresight that I might run into anyone. 
“I’ve never seen boxes with legs,” an Americanized Irish accent quipped. Rhys.  “Let me grab that, doll,” he said, trying to pull the boxes from my grasp. 
“I’ve got it,” I argued, moving away from him. 
“Genevieve, I’d like to help; and I can procrastinate going back to my job,” he replied with a crooked smile that didn’t reach his icy blue eyes. His expression seemed a bit upset, but not knowing the guy, what did I really know?
I let him take the boxes and he graced me with a full-blown smile, momentarily stunning me. Could smiles that amazing actually exist outside of movie screens?
“Thanks,” he answered, starting up the stairs I had managed just fine on my own.
“Do you mind if I go move my car then?” 
“As long as you trust me not to steal your things!” 
“They’re all Gemma’s,” I replied, turning and heading to my Range Rover. 
Did I really just leave a complete stranger with our stuff? I didn’t get a chance to overthink it, as my dad calls it, while I walked back from the parking garage to my dorm.
“Hi, Dad!” I sang like I always did when he called up. Some habits were hard to break.  
“How are my princesses settling in?” 
“We have all the boxes inside; and we are just unpacking.” I left off that it would have been much faster if he had offered to help. 
“That’s good to hear. Make any friends yet? See Bryant yet?” 
“The RA was really nice. He helped move us in. Yeah, Bryant lives on our floor. I can’t believe it, out of all the dorms, he ends up in ours,” I complained. 
“That’s not a coincidence. Honey, you need to be nicer to him. We’ve talked about that already.” He was referring to the one thing he and my mother agreed on in their entire marriage: that I should date and eventually marry Bryant Graham. Naturally, his family was one that would  promote our affluence in New York. Yeah, no matter how many times they gave me a stern talking to, that wasn’t happening! Being naive, I listened to them in high school, and we dated for a few months. I even went to prom with the sleazeball! Bryant and I were as alike as apples are to oranges, so we never worked out. Disaster was all that came from our pairing. I was done with him.
“Dad, I don’t like him. I will never like him. Can’t you stop pushing that?”  
He sighed, sounding exasperated with me. “Sweetheart, I expect you to one day be CEO of LaFarve Media. You will have thousands of employees all over the country. You can’t just marry anyone! You need someone strong by your side; and I think that person is Bryant.” I didn’t tell him he was wrong; or that I’d already been disappointed in the past.
“Okay, Daddy. I’ll try to be nicer, but I can promise you there will be no dating in our future.” He sighed, frustrated that I wouldn’t listen to him as easily as Gem did. 
I pushed open the door to the lobby of my dorm, and heard Rhys before I saw him. He was sitting at a large front desk with a girl who was very much in his personal space, a gorgeous redhead. Judging from their close proximity, he was well aware of her good looks. I heard her laughing melodically as I got to the staircase, heading one floor up. 
“She’ll be here any minute,” Gemma said to Bryant, curling a strand of caramel hair around her finger flirtatiously. Bryant and Gemma, I could see, but Bryant and me? No, that wasn’t happening; not until hell froze over. Why didn’t my parents rag on her about marrying Bryant?  
“Here. Now, go home, Bryant,” I commanded. His washed-out, green eyes narrowed in annoyance. 
“Do you still speak English?” I snapped, when he wouldn’t move out of my way. 
“Genevieve, why can’t you not be a cold bitch for just five minutes?” 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t speak douche bag. Bye.” I said, sliding into my room. 
“Gen,” Gemma admonished. “Bryant was only inviting us out to a club. Stop treating him like you hate him.” I did hate him, but no one seemed to understand that. My feelings for Bryant had already run the full spectrum: hate, hurt, pain, fear, annoyance, you name it, I felt it whenever I was cursed by his presence. “See you in a half hour, Bryant,” Gemma replied to the d-bag as she closed the door behind her. “Get ready.” She commanded me. I simply looked at the unopened boxes. 
“No.” 
“Gen, we are only young once. We can unpack tomorrow.” She pouted, opening one of her many suitcases and throwing a black skirt at me. I sat on my bare bed, watching her shift through her luggage for something appropriate. “Go shower already!” She demanded. I threw open a box labeled bathroom. Pulling out a towel, my robe, and various unopened toiletries, I stomped off. I left the room and entered our bathroom, which we shared with the room next door. I was ready to drag it out as long as possible. 
It was a sterile bathroom. A plain, mildew-resistant curtain hung from the stall shower, and grey tile comprised the walls and floors of the rectangular room. 
“I don’t hear the water,” Gemma complained. I turned the dial, if only to drown out Gemma’s whining.

 2: “No Sleep ‘Til Brooklyn” The Beastie Boys
Rhys

Ella was working a shift with me, and also testing my last nerve. The first shift of the semester, and she decides to volunteer. It was suspicious, mostly because of how fast she jumped at the opportunity. Normally, I would have been dragging some sorry ass RA down here to help at the last minute. She kept going on about this Sexuality and Society class she took. Meanwhile, I was scanning the scenery for any chance to escape.
Sure, I read the clues loud and clear, but I wasn’t biting. Knowing Ella, I didn’t want any piece of that. Ella previously fooled around with my little brother, Liam, just this past summer. She might not have known we were related, but I sure as hell did. Liam was a sophomore at BU. They met at one of his gigs and “the rest is groupie history.” Those were Liam’s words, not mine. He said a lot more shit that I couldn’t wrap my head around.
 I shook my head, trying to focus on what the hell this girl was talking about. She stopped talking about school and was leaning forward, invading that invisible bubble of personal space I insist on keeping around myself. Sliding the rolling chair back a bit, I smiled and told her I had other plans tomorrow. 
“Really? Anything fun?” she chimed. Her voice was high, and starting to grate on my nerves just a little bit; but more so the longer we were holed up together in the tiny office.
“The next MMRD show.”
“MMRD!” she screeched excitedly. Oh, God! I had to write the schedule for the semester because there was no way in hell I could do another shift with her. “When is it? Are there tickets? Is it a local show?”
“No, it’s just a local gig at a bar.” 
She gave me an incredulous look, suggesting you sound like you know the band. I didn’t mention that I used to be in the band; and she clearly hadn’t done her homework. 
“The lead singer is smoking hot,” she replied dreamily, referring to my little brother. “We hooked up once.” I inwardly rolled my eyes, knowing that was going to happen. 
“Liam, my baby brother,” I retorted drily. Her mouth fell open like a fish on land, and I turned around before I burst out laughing in the broad’s face. Women! 
“Moore… Moore… Roberts… Danvers,” she said, rethinking how she knew my name before I was an RA. “I knew you were familiar. You used to be the drummer.” I shrugged, neither confirming nor denying her accusation.
My brother and I started the band in high school with two of our friends. I eventually quit to focus harder on school. In order to keep the extra M in the name, Liam was finally persuaded to allow our little sister, Colleen, to take my place. She was hell on a set of drums. I was sort of happy to resign, knowing she could kick those drums’ asses harder than I ever could. She also took to drumming and a rocker’s life far better than I ever did. I still couldn’t predict how she would adjust to being a freshman in college with the band; but if anyone could do it, I knew it was Colleen. 
“Oh, my God! I’m sitting with a celebrity!” she screeched in a voice that could break glass. After her second invasion of my space, I decided I needed to do a round, and get the hell away from Ella, the groupie. 
“I’ll be back,” I mumbled, quite sure she didn’t hear me over her excited prattling about MMRD. 
I left and walked around the first floor, then the second, and finally the third. I started to make my way back to the lobby area, and bloody Ella. I closed my eyes and exhaled deeply, trying to clear the annoyance from my face. 
Opening the door, I was just in time to see the two sisters I helped earlier. It was weird they were the only ones here without any family. There was a jerk with his arms around both of them. Gemma was smiling brightly as she went on talking about whatever, while Genevieve just focused on the door like it was the only interesting thing she could find. They were wearing equally short dresses and I was a little taken aback by seeing Gen with Gemma. She didn’t give me the party girl vibe. Gemma screamed it down to her perfect blonde hair and designer shorts; but Gen wore a messy ponytail and a scowl that said “Leave me the hell alone!” There was something about her, however, that I wanted to learn more about. I don’t know why, but I kinda like girls that don’t want to give me the time of day. I’m getting tired of girls throwing themselves at me, girls like Ella. Damn, I had to go back to that train wreck!
Ella gave me a bright smile as I reentered the room. Bloody hell, it would be a long, effing night. 
~~~

Ella finally shut up and wasn’t talking anymore, at least. There is a God. She was previously on her phone, making her own plans to go to the bar tomorrow night. I ignored whatever she said, not caring if I were being rude or not. She was too aggressive for me.
 What happened to the girls that like to be chased? The ones that didn’t throw themselves at you just because you had a nice smile and an Irish accent? I shook my head, clearing it of those foolish thoughts. Liam keeps insisting that I “embrace the sexy.” The guy is continually spewing idiotic sayings. He thought he was sage and wise, but in actuality, he was just an over-sexed ass. I had to agree with him on some things. I couldn’t seem to find anyone out there with what I wanted in a long-lasting relationship. I kept falling into the same patterns that I did when I was in the band for these last few months. 
I’d meet a pretty girl at a gig, a bar, or a concert, and I’d smile and say something. They’d hear my accent, and then, it was over. I had an easy screw for the night. Some girls stuck it out longer than others, but I wanted something different. Something lasting. If that even existed. 
My phone vibrated, interrupting me from my thoughts.
Busy? Mallory texted. She was one of those girls that stayed around for the hell of it. We didn’t expect much from each other. We both had fun and moved on.
Work…
When u done?
10
Ur room or mine?
Mine. I’ve had a long ass day.
Prepare for a long night ;-)
I laughed and closed my screen. At least, I had something to look forward to after escaping Ella.
Ella ended her call and gave me a sidelong look as I worked on the damned schedule. 
“Are you always this serious?”
“Yes,” I said, not even bothering to look away from the screen. 
She sighed dramatically. “I can’t believe you and Liam come from the same gene pool.” 
I gave her a sharp look and her mouth snapped shut. We watched some more people leave before she started to talk, yet again. 
“Did you know there are twins in the dorm? I’ve never met twins before,” Ella stated like it was the coolest thing in the world. 
“My brother and sister are Irish twins.” 
She smiled, and asked, “What does that even mean?” I gave her a questioning look; what kind of Irish girl didn’t know that? Must be Scottish then.
“They are ten months apart. The Irish are known for having their kids in quick succession.” 
She giggled politely. “I’m so glad there is still some bit of humor in that hunky head of yours,” Ella replied, already ruining the mood. 




3: “Leave Me Alone” The Veronicas
Genevieve

Bryant brought us to a smoky lounge not far from campus. It looked small and empty, but once we were inside, there were people everywhere. Dancing and gyrating to the music, they made it impossible to reach the bar. 
“What do you want?” Bryant asked when we finally reached a narrow opening at the bar. He was wearing a button-down shirt and dark jeans. Noticing the way Gemma kept ogling his butt when he turned to the bar, I knew I was officially the third wheel of the night. Why did they never hook up? Nothing like awkward family dynamics to make me wish I stayed in bed tonight.
“Diet Coke,” I replied. 
“She means, a rum and Coke,” Gemma corrected me, rolling her eyes at Bryant, like I was a lost cause. 
Bryant smiled and ordered three rum and Cokes, using his handy, dandy, fake ID. He handed us our drinks and took his before taking my hand. I pulled away instinctively and he sighed, already visibly fed up with me for the night. 
Gemma located her catch for the night: a blonde, bleary-eyed jock, who was making his way to us. 
“Wanna dance?” he yelled over the music. She gave Bryant and me a wave as she walked onto the dance floor with him.
Bryant gave me a look. “Do we really have to fight tonight? Can’t we start fresh and pretend? I’ll pretend you’re not a bitch and you can pretend I’m not a jerk.” That was putting it lightly. I shook my head, not interested. “Gen, we’re in college! Let it go.” He didn’t understand that I couldn’t let it go. He made it sound so easy, and it was anything but easy. He was a lying, conniving jerk. But let’s face it: my family didn’t care; and still insisted on pushing him on me anyway. I wasn’t getting any better offers, so I guess he could get one more chance to prove me wrong. I took his outstretched hand and made my way to the floor with him.
We danced, not talking for a while. Gemma interrupted us after we grabbed another set of drinks, and I ordered a diet Coke this time. She was already with her third guy, and having a few too many drinks. Where she got all those drinks and how she managed to chug them so fast was mind-boggling. Self preservation? I don’t think that was ever in Gemma’s skill set. We watched her for a bit, and Bryant ordered a few more drinks for himself during that time. She screamed something to us once again before going off with yet another guy. 
“Should we try to stop her?” Bryant asked as she moved intimately against the next guy. If this was the girl she wanted to be in college, then so be it.
“She’s a big girl; she can take care of herself,” I replied and he smiled warmly at me for the first time in a long while. My walls instantly went up. 
“What? I thought we were having a moment when we both realized Gemma is a basket case.” I laughed. Okay, maybe it was a small moment. 
“Just because I agree with you doesn’t mean we’re friends.” 
“That again?” he said, pulling me closer to him until our bodies were brushing. He leaned towards my ear. “Angry sex is the best kind,” he joked and I shoved him. Once a pig, always a pig. “Oh, admit it, Gen, we’re fire together.” Maybe it was all the rum swirling in my head, or because I was a lightweight, but I kind of agreed with him. I still found the strength to push him away, but he just grabbed my elbow and pulled me closer. “What do you want me to do? I’ll do it,” he said seriously. 
That was our relationship; even buzzed, it was always the same vicious cycle with Bryant. He wanted to please his parents to no end, which meant me. Just like my parents kept throwing him in my face, his were doing the same thing. The only difference was: Bryant still wanted to please his parents. I, on the other hand, wasn’t letting that happen. Eventually, he would get angry and yell at me, or call me names to make me feel terrible for standing my ground. Tonight, however, he was still in the pleading stages. He thought if he could just show me how good we once were together, he might win. I knew he really didn’t care about me, and saw what little regard he actually had for me, but I also was familiar with the constant pressure he was under to finally lock me down. After the fighting, or the pleading, he always went back to being indifferent for a bit. Then, the whole cycle started back up all over again. 
“Bry, we aren’t good together. We drive each other crazy,” I replied (like I always did), easing him into the inevitable truth: we could never be. 
He shook his head, “ I don’t want to hear that speech again. I think if you just gave us a real shot, not like last time, but one where you aren’t looking for your best escape route, we could work. I like you, hell, I love you, Gen! You are the most stubborn girl I’ve ever met and I’m still here.” I didn’t bother reminding him that he was only there because of our parents and Gemma. He kissed me and I didn’t pull away. 
Although our personalities always clashed, when we were together, it was actually nice for a little while, at least. I think the only thing we could ever agree upon was that the sex was phenomenal. That was probably how we lasted for six months. If it weren’t for that, we would have broken up long before. We just didn’t have anything else in common. I value trust, he values lying. I value monogamy, he likes playing the field. I also need to feel safe, and he scared me too many times. He pulled me closer, his hand firmly planted on my ass, trying to keep us locked in a kiss. I turned my head. We had already been down this road. It was over. He needed to accept that, no matter what our parents hoped for. This wasn’t happening. I got burned before; and I didn’t care for a repeat performance.
“You’re shit-faced. Let me take you home.” His hand didn’t move from my bottom as his eyes hungrily devoured me. “One night for old time’s sake,” I shook my head and pried his death grip off me. 
“Let me grab Gemma, and we can go,” I replied, but instead of waiting for me, he grabbed my hand and followed. 
Gemma looked like she was ready to mount her partner on the dance floor. Their kisses were sloppy and her legs were firmly wrapped around his hips. Perhaps she already had?
“Gem, let’s get you home; you’re gonna regret this,” I said, tapping her shoulder. She looked over and theatrically rolled her eyes. 
“Gemma, listen to her!” Bryant snapped, pulling her off the disgusting worm of a man she was dancing with. 
“Seriously? she shrieked, turning the heads of anyone standing within a ten-foot radius. 
“Seriously,” I said, taking her hand and pulling her up when Bryant unceremoniously dropped her to the ground. Bryant scoffed and yanked her other arm until she distributed her weight onto both of us. 
Bryant drove back without further issue, despite Gemma being such an obnoxious drunk. Her moods were cycling faster than pedals on a bicycle. She struggled against us for the entire walk to the car. Then she wept until a song came on that she liked. She belted out the lyrics before passing out. We were both pleased at the ensuing silence. 
When we made it back to the hall, Bryant had to carry Gemma and he grumbled the entire way. Entering the hall, I noticed Rhys at the front desk. He looked at us curiously. 
“Genevieve, a word,” he said, his accent sounding heavier. I sighed and put Gem’s keys on her stomach, so Bryant could open the door and put her to bed. “You can’t do that again,” he chided. “This is a dry campus—”
“Except she didn’t get drunk on campus—”
“She’s only eighteen.” 
I glared at him. “So what? Are you going to report her?”
“I advise you to take the stairs next time,” he amended when my scowl didn’t waver. I was staring at the perfection of his glacial eyes. I smiled my thanks and turned around. “Damn, I knew you would be trouble.” I turned back around, a snide reply on my tongue when I saw that crooked smile again, and left without a word. I know, it was so unlike me. 
When I got upstairs, Gemma’s snores were the first thing I heard. She was snoring like a chainsaw, but at least, Bryant was gone. That is, I thought he was until I turned to my bed and found him face-planted in my covers. 
“Go to your room, Bry.” He motioned for me to come closer; and when I did, he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me even closer toward him. 
He looked up, pleading. “Let’s just go to sleep, Gen.” He didn’t loosen his grip on my waist, even when I tried to take off my shoes. 
“I’ll sleep on the futon,” I replied when he made no motion to move. 
“No. Sleep with me. I’ll hold you,” he insisted, looking at me with an alarming amount of clarity in the green depths of his eyes. 
“Nothing else,” I insisted, naturally. I solemnly vowed to hate this guy for eternity, and here he was, refusing to leave me alone. Being as adorable as a lost puppy. I conceded eventually, sliding onto the bed beside him. He pulled the covers over us and spooned with me. It was all completely innocent. I swear! 
I closed my eyes, reveling and regretting his nearness at the same time. Bryant and I were bad news. I remembered our explosive break up. I allowed my head to think of anything but that. That would have completely ruined this. I couldn’t miss the realization that he was the last person I shared a bed with, and he was still here. I wasn’t a basket case or a masochist, but the unwelcome familiarity just warmed and slowly killed me all at once. All my thoughts about Bryant were contradictions. I hated him and loved him. He disgusted me with all the cold, evil things he was capable of doing. Those things were what broke us up. I could never forgive him. As I closed my eyes, I prayed for sleep. I also prayed not to remember all the awful things I was blocking out. All the awful images I was opening the door to again.



 4: “Turning Tables”  Adele
Genevieve

My mouth was dry and my breath could probably have killed something. It tasted that bad.  I pulled the anvil that turned out to be Bryant’s arm off my waist. He only spooned with me the entire night, as promised. Gemma was still snoring and Bryant barely flinched when I got out of the bed. I tiptoed to the bathroom and showered, brushed my teeth, and left to grab some coffees and breakfast for everyone. I wasn’t hung over thankfully, but I knew Gem and Bry would be. 
There was a small coffee shop on the floor of our dorm. It wasn’t open when we moved in, but it was open today. 
A bored brunette sat at the empty register. It was too early on a Sunday morning for most college students to be awake. She lazily asked what I wanted and made quick work of my order. I headed back upstairs and stopped at the sign taped to our door. 
Mandatory Hall meeting tonight at eight in the lobby, I read as I unlocked the door. 
They were both exactly where I left them. I walked toward Bryant, knowing just the aroma of fresh coffee would awaken him. He held out his hand and tried to look up at me, struggling to open his eyes. 
“Black?” he groaned. 
“Yup, and a bagel.” He sat up and took a long sip, more than likely, scalding his mouth in the process. I handed him the bag and his eyes popped open, like only caffeine could make him human again. 
“So are we going to talk about…” He stopped, nervous to get the words out. 
I guess we had to talk about last night.
“I don’t want to get back together,” I started honestly. 
He sighed, already prepared for that. “We are perfect together,” he repeated for what seemed like the millionth time. 
“Our parents think we are perfect together. You and I both know we aren’t.” 
“I made one mistake and you’re never gonna let me live it down.” I closed my eyes. I didn’t want to think about that mistake. I may just have to stop talking to him again. He took my hand. “I’m trying. I haven’t yelled. I’m not fighting with you. We are both talking calmly. What do you want from me?” he snapped, his voice rising slightly, but he quickly got it in check.
“You also aren’t drunk,” I retorted drily. 
He huffed angrily. “I’m not gonna sit here and let you say I’m awful. I treated you like a queen. One mistake did not tarnish our entire relationship.” He sat up and was quickly dressing to get the hell out of my room. 
“I’m not basing my decision on one mistake. The entire relationship was a mistake,” I said coldly. His green eyes hardened in anger and I instantly stiffened, awaiting his reaction. 
He stormed out without saying another word to me, which was a big change for Bryant. The door slammed, causing Gemma to snap up in her bed. I sat there, watching the door. Damn, why did I have to be so mean? 
“Was that…?” Gemma croaked in a dry, hoarse voice. I handed her a coffee and sat on my bed. 
“He was just being an ass.” Gem raised an eyebrow to question me, but I walked out, needing to clear my head. 
I left our dorm and made my way to the city streets. People were whizzing past me. That was one of the things I loved about the city. Sure, it wasn’t New York City, but Boston had the same amount of charm, and a lot less rats. I kept walking aimlessly, making my way to nowhere in particular. 
Even though I was watching my steps closely, my thoughts kept straying back to my harshness with Bryant. He was an ass. I learned a long time ago the only way to get Bryant to leave me alone was to cut him off quickly with a hard hit. My words had only grown nastier since our breakup, but someone needed to say the truth. Our toxic relationship was not going to happen. Bryant and even our parents may have been able to forget what Bryant did, but not me. I never would. I never wanted to feel the way Bryant made me feel that night again. 
Bile climbed up my throat as I recalled some of the memories I was trying to lock away. I felt my vision blurring with the threat of tears. Damn it, I would not cry. “I’m over this,” I chided myself. Bryant would never get another chance with me. He had totally blown it. Case closed. 
Looking up, I noticed a small cafe on a corner. I ordered a pastry and coffee, having left the first one untouched in my room. I sat at an outdoor table, appreciating the warm weather despite the thunderstorm rushing through my mind. Chugging my iced coffee, I found myself wishing something good would happen. 
“You look like you’re about to cry,” said a redhead sitting across from me. I looked up, trying to place her. “You go to Northeastern, you live in the village.” She smiled. 
“How did…”
“RA. My partner ditched me during sign-ins to help you.” I instantly recognized her; the orange red bob was what made her stand out. She was the girl with Rhys. She was just as pretty up close as she was from afar. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” She beamed instantly, easing my worries. 
“Don’t worry, hon,” she replied with a wave of her hand. “I’m Ella.”
“Hi, Ella. I’m Genevieve. Call me Gen.”
“Good! Now that all the formal crap is out of the way, what has you so down already?” she asked, leaning across the table while watching me closely. 
I suppressed a laugh. “I was just thinking.” 
“About?” she pressed. 
“Hey, what’s your major?” 
She laughed, “I’m a nursing major.” It wasn’t the answer I expected. She continued,  “I like to help people. Am I that obvious?” She pushed some stray locks out of her face, waiting for me to respond. I couldn’t help but smile; Ella seemed nice and genuine. I met a lot of people like her in the last eighteen years. 
“Yes, you give off this I want to care too much vibe. People can see through that in a millisecond.” 
She opened her mouth and snapped it shut again. 
“It was nice to meet you, Ella.” I said, standing before picking up my trash. “See you around.” She nodded and waved goodbye, probably stunned I was running away.
My phone dinged and I read the message from Gemma. 
Our parents couldn’t take the time to come out and help us move, but once we were settled, they could make dinner plans. Typical. 
I headed back to my room, knowing Gemma would be complaining until tonight over her hangover and our parents’ surprise visit. I whizzed past the lobby to the stairs and stopped. 
“Wait up, doll!” Rhys’s voice rang out. Men shouldn’t have such nice voices. His voice reminded me of the easy sound of a saxophone. Smooth, and laced with more sexiness than one man should have been able to handle. 
“Hi,” I tersely replied. 
“Where are you off to in such a rush?” he asked. The Irish accent recurred, adding another layer of sexy to his already tantalizing voice. 
“Twin drama.” 
“She okay?”
“Just hung over.” I started to walk and stopped. “Thanks for not getting us into trouble last night. I didn’t know…”
“No problem,” he said, walking ahead of me up the sterile staircase. 
He held the door for me and we both walked onto the second floor before he veered off, entering a room at the end of the hall. He was actually the RA on my floor. Interesting. 
“I cannot believe they are doing this to us,” Gemma complained as she sifted through her still packed clothes. I didn’t bring nearly as much as Gemma, thinking whatever I forgot I could just buy when I got here. Gemma was still unpacking while I finished my side of the room. She was making a small pile of clothes on the floor. I laid in bed, listening to her go on and on about our parents crashing into our lives whenever it was convenient for them. 
I agreed with her, but our parents had always been self-centered. The two of us leaving to college couldn’t change that. In fact, I think it would only become an even bigger problem the more independent we became while living away from home. 


 5: “Papa Don’t Preach” Madonna
Genevieve

My parents chose an upscale Japanese restaurant for our first dinner in Boston.  Mom and Gemma are sushi fanatics. I looked over at Gem, not sure what to even say. The table fell into an uncomfortable silence after Bryant arrived. Gemma was sitting between us. No doubt, Bryant was invited to further push the idea that he was already family and always would be. We didn’t say a word to each other all night. Even my oblivious parents managed to pick up on the dark undercurrents between Bryant and me.  
Our food arrived and I picked at it, not really feeling sociable. My mom couldn’t stand the silence and started telling us about the party that kept them from helping us move in yesterday. Gemma’s hand stilled my bouncing knee. I had no desire to be tortured like that. She gave me a knowing look. Sometimes, I was relieved to have a sister that I was so close to. Gemma always knew exactly when I was in distress and how to distract our parents. We may not have agreed on many things in life, but we always took on our parents as a united front. We were true and loyal partners when it came to them. I only wish we could have seen eye-to-eye in everything else.
“So did you kids do anything fun last night?” I looked at Gemma.
“Bryant took us out to dinner,” I started. 
My dad gave us a genuine smile. “Good! That sounds like you’re getting along well.” I shrugged, tacitly refusing to confirm or deny his suspicions. 
“We had a lot of fun,” Gemma continued, adding some innocent details from the previous night. It was a skill she picked up from my mother. Those two were more alike than should have been legal. Gemma flipped her loose curls over her shoulder and told them how Bryant and I even shared a dance. She was treading on dangerous ground. Thankfully, Bryant interrupted her by telling them about our hall meeting later that night. 
“Maybe, we should head back?” Bryant said, silently pleading with his eyes. 
“Yeah, we can’t be late.” I chimed in. Dinner seemed to wrap up quickly and in no time, we were heading back to the campus. My parents wanted to see our bedroom, so a quick visit was agreed upon during the ride back. It was presently immaculate. Gemma and I knew what our parents expected: perfection. My mother was the first to ask if she could see our dorm room formally. When my father parked the car, a weight lifted off my shoulders. I smiled, feeling relieved to finally say goodbye to Bryant. He waved us off and left to go to his room. Gemma opened the door and my mom walked into the amply sized room. 
Our beds occupied opposite sides of the wide room. Two large windows greeted us with a lovely view when we walked in. My bed was nestled on the wall, and hidden when you entered the room. Gem’s bed sat below the wall of windows. Our dressers were flat against the wall, between our beds. We also set up a chocolate leather futon. It faced the TV that needed both of our pushed-together nightstands to support it, along with the cable box, and the DVD player, which Gemma insisted we needed. Our desks sat at opposite corners across from our beds, flanking the TV. The sink we shared was right between the entrance and the bathroom door. We decorated as we unpacked, fully expecting our parents’ merciless critiques. My side was done in black and whites. My black and white, floral comforter seemed like a nice contrast to the craziness going on with Gemma’s stuff. Red. Everything she owned was either red, or leopard print, or worse still, both. I tried to convince her that it looked like a seventies prostitute lived here, and she just rolled her eyes and told me I wouldn’t recognize style if it slapped me in the face. 
“Oh, those pictures are lovely,” my mother exclaimed while picking up some of the black and white landscape shots. I framed them and placed them on my side, mostly on top of the dresser. 
“Thanks, Mom.” I smiled. My dad held back. He was always more reserved, and never a man of superfluous exchanges. “What do you think, Dad?” I asked, always seeking his approval whether I cared to admit it or not. I needed it like Gemma needed our mother’s approval. We were so messed up. No matter how much crap our parents gave us, we continued trying to win their praise. 
“You got set up quickly.” That was all I could get out of him, which nearly drove me crazy. “Princess, you need to be more receptive with Bryant; you made tonight very uncomfortable for him.” I opened my mouth to protest, but someone knocked on the door. That was thankfully my cue to leave that conversation. 
I excused myself from my dad and opened it.
“Hello, doll. Ten minutes to our hall meeting. Don’t forget the twin,” Rhys said with a wide, crooked smile. 
Gemma appeared at my side in a flash. “Hi, Rhys, how’s it going?” she cooed. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. 
“Hey, Gemma. See you ladies later. I gotta go,” Rhys replied before walking away as Gemma just watched him. Okay… maybe I did too. He was really… really gorgeous. 
“God, he is…” Gemma started.
My father cleared his throat. 
“Oh, sorry for not introducing you, but that’s our RA,” I chirped, so Gemma could manage to recover from the inappropriate thoughts she was, no doubt, about to voice in front of our parents. 
“They didn’t make RAs like him when I was in school,” Mom teased. My dad just continued to glare at us. 
“Gen, I don’t want you distracting yourself with other men.” Was he serious? I clamped my mouth shut. If I said anything against Bryant, I knew we’d have another fight on our hands.
“Dad, I’m the one that wants to date Rhys. He has my brand all over him!”
My dad sighed, “Gemma, a boy like that doesn’t meet your caliber.” Gemma raised a perfectly shaped eyebrow in unspoken challenge. 
“It’s just tattoos! Get over yourself, Dad, and step into the twenty-first century. Everyone has them nowadays,” Gemma snapped. 
“Gemma Ann,” my dad chided. My mom didn’t say a word. “You have a family name to uphold as much as Genevieve does. Remember that.” 
Gemma lowered her head, unwilling to argue the point any further with our father. Sometimes, he was so firmly set in his ways. “Old school” couldn’t even begin to describe the Victorian mentality he still abided by, and had for all his life. Tattoos, piercings, and leather jackets were okay for his musicians, but certainly not for his little girls.
“I agree with Gemma. You should never judge a person by how he looks. Rhys has only been nice and respectful to us; while Bryant may fit your perfect image, but is a complete ass.” 
“Genevieve,” my mother finally piped up. 
“No! Dad can’t dictate our whole lives for us! Okay, we have a name, and a company to run, but we are still people, and we have our own lives to live.” My father was furious. He refused to say another word. I was proven right when he just walked out without talking to either of us, or even saying goodbye. Today was just getting better and better! How many others would storm out of our room today?
“Oh, girls. Why must you push his buttons like that?” We both shrugged. Our mom gave us a hug. Her Chanel No. 1 enveloped us before she vanished just as abruptly as Dad. 
“He’ll be pissed for a while,” Gemma remarked as she rested her head on the wall. “You didn’t have to defend me.” 
“It’s all the same thing with Dad. We aren’t going to take everything he says like Mom does. We deserve the right to be normal.” Gemma wrapped an arm around me. 
“I know. You deserve better, Gen.” 
“We deserve better,” I amended. Sure, my parents kept reiterating how much they wanted me with Bryant, but they also handpicked Gemma’s suitors. 
“Do you think Dad will let up? I mean…”
“He lives in New York City! He can’t control everything we do. Date whomever you want, and if we have to tell Dad, I’ll help,” I said, breaking the hug Gemma pulled me into. 
“Just when I lose all my faith in our twin connection, you go and surprise me,” Gemma retorted with a teasing smile. 
I rolled my eyes and threw open the closet door. “Are you going to the meeting in that dress?” I asked, pulling out a pair of worn jeans and a tank top. 
“Hell no! I can’t look like a snob in front of Rhys.” Oh, God! This will surely be a long courtship. 
We changed clothes and made our way to the small meeting room off the lobby. A few dozen kids were already there in various levels of dress. Some kids were wearing sweatpants, and some were as casual as Gem and me. Some just looked downright sloppy. I mean, who wears pajamas out in public?
I heard Ella before I saw her and she plopped herself down beside me. 
“Genevieve!” She smiled.
Gemma looked at me, confused. 
“Gemma, this is Ella; she’s another RA here.” 
“Oh, hi!” she said sweetly. 
“So I hear the lead RA is a real hard-ass, but you didn’t hear that from me,” Ella joked. Gemma’s eyes widened as she pondered who the hell that could be. I didn’t have the heart to tell her I had a sneaking suspicion it was her latest crush. She’d find out soon enough. 



 6: “Nothing But Trouble” Phantogram
Genevieve

“Okay, you animals, settle down!” Rhys joked as he quieted the crowd. He had an easy smile that matched the obnoxious smiley face on his tee shirt. “My name’s Rhys Moore and I’m the lead RA for the village. I live on the second floor, so that means, don’t make too much noise on the left side of the hall, third and second floors,” he warned us with an over-exaggerated wink that made many girls giggle, including Gemma and Ella.
He got a little more serious and started to review the guidelines and quiet hours with us. 
“Nice of you to join us, Mr. Graham and Mr. Abrams,” Rhys said, not missing a beat. He went back to his familiar speech. Bryant and his roommate walked past him and found empty seats. 
“Okay, now I want you to separate. Make it ten per group; introduce yourselves and start getting to know the beautiful faces you are going to see regularly for the next year. 
The other RAs including Ella stood up and started to organize the group setup. 
“Well, Gen and Gemma, it’s your lucky day,” Rhys said, resting his hands on the back of the sofa we were sitting on. 
Gemma blushed, but recovered quickly. “Why’s that?” 
“You’re in my group,” he teased, his slight accent only further enhancing his allure. He fell into Ella’s empty spot beside me. 
“How are you settling in?” he asked me. I shrugged, unsure of how to answer. My dad’s ugly words came to mind, and all I wanted to do was scream. My dad had to be wrong, right? No, no one could be that transparent. My dad didn’t know what he was talking about. 
“I just want to start classes,” I replied, finding my voice. Gemma huffed, drawing Rhys’s soul-searching ice-blue eyes away from me. They talked over me; and eventually, he gathered more people for his group. We went around introducing ourselves, stating our majors, and what year we were. 
“I’m Gen; I’m a freshman Business Administration major with a minor in Music Industry.”
“I’m Gemma; Gen is my twin sister.” She giggled. “I’m a freshman Early Education major.” 
The group went around and I smiled and tried to pay attention while remembering some of the people on my floor. 
“All right, mates. I think that about covers it,” Rhys said, clapping his hands together. 
“What about you?” I challenged. He watched me for a moment before his crooked smile brightened his face. 
“Rhys Moore, doll.” His pet nickname made me want to blush, but I pushed that thought away to analyze later. “Pay better attention,” he joked, adding, “junior, Business Administration.” He clapped his hands beside me, drawing everyone’s attention back to him. “I think that about covers everything. Have a good Saturday night.”
Everyone started to leave, but Gemma had already cornered Rhys. She was asking him about his plans for the night, and he was rubbing the back of his neck. I wasn’t sure if it was from unease or irritation. 
“Gem,” I said in a warning tone. I was trying to stop her from mauling our RA. 
“No, actually, I’m going to a show. You should check it out. Both of you,” Rhys answered. His eyes landed momentarily on me and then fell back on Gemma. He wrote down an address on her hand and I dragged her away before she swooned. Yeah, Gemma had it that bad. She was all rosy cheeks, sweet giggles, and high-pitched compliments about his biceps. My mother sure trained her well. 
When we finally reached our room, Gemma was practically bouncing with excitement. “He invited us to go out with him! Gen, he’s so going to be all over me by the end of the night.”
“Have fun,” I said, flopping onto my bed. 
“Oh, hell no! He invited both of us. You HAVE to go!” Gemma whined. She was instantly coming towards me with those giant, damning eyes of hers. I rolled my eyes at the theatrics I knew to expect.  
“Genevieve Lynn LaFarve!” she snapped. I turned her way. 
“Don’t, Gemma.” Her face was turning red as she stomped her feet, preparing her argument. “I’ll go.” She let out the breath she was holding in with a sigh. 
“Thank you.”
“I call the shower first.” She nodded brightly and I anxiously sought the only peace I could get tonight. 
~~~

Gemma picked out my outfit. It was a short, black, pencil skirt and a flowing, sheer, hot pink top. The outfit screamed Gemma, but she insisted I wear it, so here I was. With hot pink matching heels, I was ready to shuffle as quickly as possible to my room. Gemma wore a similar outfit except her top was a soft cream color. It looked classy and nowhere near as flashy as mine. We took a cab because I hate to drink and drive, and there was no way in hell I’d let Gemma drive. 
“I can’t believe he invited us to this. That has to mean he likes me, right?” Gemma chattered endlessly during the entire ride. I was only there to clear my head. Dad really got to me today and I couldn’t figure out why. Maybe I just had enough? I don’t know why, but I knew I couldn’t sit around thinking about it all night. I’d go crazy that much faster. When we arrived, the place was packed. The lines were so long, I had to repress the overwhelming urge to turn around and go home. 
“No way,” Gemma said, grabbing my arm and heading for the line. 
We almost reached the end of the line when a bouncer smiled at us. 
We walked forward amongst the protests of others around us. 
“Pretty ladies never wait,” he said, eyeing our boobs instead of our faces.
Gemma giggled and smiled sweetly. “Thanks, hon,” she said with an over-exaggerated wink before dragging me in beside her. Despite how loud and crowded it was outside, it was much more so in there. I looked around, trying to get my bearings. There was a band on stage and the crowd was going wild for them. 
“MMRD? They must be local,” Gem screamed over the music. I nodded, not particularly thrilled that yelling was the easiest way to communicate. We made our way through the throng of screaming, dancing people and got to the crowded bar. Gemma was trying to get the bartender’s attention, but she clearly got distracted and started talking to an attractive guy at the end of the bar. She smiled at him, slapping his hand playfully. My eyes roved over him, and I gasped. I was so embarrassed when I realized it was Rhys; and worse yet, he was looking directly at me. 
Was I really that socially awkward?
“Gen!” Gemma waved for me to come forward and talk. He smiled that damn, sexy, crooked smile that probably melted many unsuspecting women’s clothing off. 
“Gen. You made it too,” he shouted over the crowd. Gem wasted no time in hugging him like they were old friends. 
“Hi, Rhys,” I replied stiffly. He gave me a curious look, and his eyes burned into me. 
“Want drinks?” he asked, stepping between us and leaning forward to get his friend’s attention. The blonde appeared in a heartbeat. 
“What can I get y’all?” she asked with a Southern drawl. 
“Two rum and Cokes,” Gemma started before asking, “Rhys?” 
“The regular?” the bartender joked and he nodded. 
“What’s the regular?” Gem asked. 
“Jack and Coke.” 
“Living up to those Irish stereotypes!” I teased and he laughed again, making me blush all the way down to my toes. 
“I guess so.” He handed the busty bartender a crisp twenty.
“Gen! Gem!” Ella yelled across from us. She gave us a hug and smiled brightly to Rhys. “Rhys, I’m so glad you told me about this! I would have never forgiven myself if I missed MMRD.” She didn’t spell it out; she kind of mashed it together to sound like mummered. Who would name a band that?
I felt an arm snaking around my waist and turned to scowl at Bryant. Did the entire school get invited tonight? I slapped away his errant arm. He glared at me and whispered something to Gemma. She polished off her drink, causing Ella and Rhys to look slightly surprised. She complained to Bryant before slapping me on the shoulder and whispering, “You owe me.” Then she walked off with Bryant.
“Boyfriend?” Ella asked. 
“It’s complicated,” I grumbled, finishing off my own drink and trying to erase all thoughts of Bryant Graham. 
I ordered another one while Ella went on about MMRD. She was clearly obsessed. Rhys disentangled himself from Ella, and said he had to do something, but I think he was really just trying to escape Ella. Every time she said something, and she wasn’t looking at him, he had a pained grimace on his face, like it was killing him to stand there and listen to her. 
“Let’s dance!” Ella suggested, swaying her hips and pulling my hand onto the dance floor. Holding onto my drink for dear life, I carefully made my way between the massive crowd. Ella didn’t stop until we were almost right in front of the stage. She started dancing recklessly and I followed. Of course, I knew what to do; my twin is Gemma. After inhaling my second drink, I began feeling comfortable. The band wasn’t half bad and the music was great to dance to. I looked up, catching the eye of the lead singer who gave me a sexy wink before singing the hell out of his song. 


 7: “Closer” Nine Inch Nails
Rhys

“You’re kidding right?” Barb was placing another drink in front of me. “You’ve been staring at her since you saw her,” Barb continued. She and I went way back. She was a few years older, but sexy in all the right ways. We hooked up regularly, but Barb was never jealous or clingy. Barb actually pushed me to consider settling down with no issue whether it was her or not. I wished more girls were like her. 
“Barb, love, I’m going home with you,” I said, laying the charm on thick. She kept telling me that I couldn’t look away from Gen for more than a minute, but she was wrong. I never had that problem before. Gen was just another girl. I only met her yesterday for Christ’s sake.
She leaned over the bar, displaying her overly ample bust. 
“Whatever you say, Romeo, but if you don’t make a move, it looks like Liam will.” Liam had just called intermission before making a beeline for Gen. 
“Oh, hell no!” I snapped, standing up and rushing over. 
“Told ya,” Barb laughed before she went back to working the bar. 
I made my way through people, not caring who I pushed aside. Liam was not touching her! No way. I arrived just in time. Liam was laying on the Irish accent thick, but it wasn’t covering the piggish remarks, if Gen’s crinkled nose were any indication. I wrapped an arm around Genevieve’s waist and she looked up, surprised. Liam’s smile widened knowingly. 
“You know, the least you can do is say hi to your brother,” Liam joked, but I just shook my head, resisting the urge to kick his ass. What was wrong with me? I never worried about girls, or cared if my brother was using them.
“Hi, Liam,” he cackled. The guy was still flying high from his performance. Liam suffered from stage high; and I still wasn’t sure if that was any better than just getting drunk. How we were blood relations was beyond me, but I guess it was along the same lines as Gen and Gemma. Outwardly, we looked so similar, but our personalities clashed in every other way. Liam had the same eyes, hair, build… okay, he was an inch shorter than me, but that didn’t matter much once you exceeded six feet in height. Another difference was the patch of blue hair, accentuating Liam’s blue eyes, which was plastered to his forehead. 
Liam seemed back on track. “So are you in, ladies?” Gen looked about ready to run, and I squeezed her waist reassuringly. 
“Want to dance, Gen?” Her eyes widened. She already had big, bright, golden eyes that were hard to ignore. They were sort of hypnotic, now that they were resting on me. I was beginning to realize my body and mind weren’t as linked up, or together as I thought. She kept raising all my body’s arousal flags, and my dumb ass just stared at her vacantly. 
“Um, sure,” she replied, fastening those damn eyes on me. Liam smiled. Oh, yes! I was so going to be hearing about this later. I may never live this down.
“Well, Ella, what do you say?” Liam asked, the heavy, fake accent still in place.
“Hell, yeah!” the barely clothed redhead beamed, walking off with my brother. 
We watched them leave and Gen turned towards me, removing my hand from her waist in the process. 
“Thanks, I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t come by.” 
“I love Liam, but he’s a bit of a whore.” I shrugged as I balled my hands into fists, resisting the urge to take her hands. I just wanted to touch her. 
“I have never been propositioned for a threesome before, so it wasn’t all bad,” she joked. The rest of her face lit up to match the intensity of her eyes. She had a gorgeous mouth and a pert nose. Her dark hair fell in a sheet over her creamy shoulders and back. Did I just think that? What the hell is wrong with me? Get a grip, man. “Thanks.” She said, starting to walk away, so I took her hand. She looked at her hand for a moment, without even bothering to look at me. 
“I was serious about the dance. Will you dance with me?” She tilted her head, pursing her full lips for a moment. 
“Okay.” She smiled. I looked like an idiot. I don’t think I’ve ever grinned so wide over such a simple reply, but when I led her further onto the dance floor, she stayed close. I turned around and caught her watching me intently. She blushed and looked away. I lifted her small, narrow chin to look at me.
“Good?” I asked. She nodded. She didn’t seem much for words, but I liked that about her. She didn’t talk just to hear her own voice. She brushed against me, and began to move seductively. Hell, I was in over my head. Thoughts of mauling her on the floor slammed to mind with just a brush of her hands. She seemed to relax after a few moments and started to dance more freely. Her hips moved to a dark, sexy dance that made me pull her closer. Her hands held my shoulders as I felt my fingers digging into her hips. It was excruciating and wonderful at the same time. My dick throbbed with each movement and I knew she felt how hard she was making me. She stared at me through her thick, black eyelashes. I leaned forward, taking a deep breath, and lapping up all that was Genevieve. She smelled like a garden even in the middle of the raunchy bar; no, she smelled like spring. Fresh and perfect. I leaned closer until my nose brushed against her. She shivered when she felt my hot breath on her skin, but didn’t pull away. She was making soft, fast panting sounds, and was every bit as responsive as I. Her hands wrapped around my neck as we continued to dance. Her body never pulled away from mine. We matched our rhythms and remained locked closely together. 
I needed this girl; that was for sure. Placing a chaste kiss on her neck, I was dying to know if she tasted as good as she smelled, and she stiffened in my arms. Her hands dropped and she stepped back, her eyes suddenly wide and afraid. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…” What? I didn’t do anything wrong.
“I should go now,” she started.
“No, doll, wait.” I said, grabbing her hand. She froze, looking at my hand in hers and shaking her head before she got lost in the crowd. I huffed, utterly exasperated. I was horny as hell now, and the object of all my sexual frustration just walked away… correction, she just ran away. I made my way back to the bar, looking around for any other familiar faces. Gemma was really into that Graham guy. The way they groped and made out seemed like they weren’t in a crowded bar, but a private hotel room. I wanted to tell them to get a room, but figured I probably looked just as intense with Gen. I closed my eyes. This girl was trouble, and I needed to forget about her. 
Liam made his way onto the stage with a Cheshire Cat smile planted on his face. That told me he had a very good time with Ella. I shook my head; that girl was a crazy one. I needed to warn him before we relived the drama in Fatal Attraction. The band started up again and I listened to the song, smiling. It was one of our first songs. I wrote it with Liam in high school. As good as it was, it didn’t help me with my predicament. 
I sat at the bar and ordered a drink. Barb was in front of me without a word, my drink already in her hand. 
“So?” she asked. 
“She left.”
“You guys seemed pretty hot and heavy.”
“Are you going to talk about all my conquests, or just help me out when I need it?” I said, readjusting myself for the umpteenth time. Barb raised a blonde eyebrow in question. 
“I can take my break now, if you like?”
“God, yes!” I said, chugging the remainder of my drink. Barb whispered something to the other bartender before coming out from behind the bar and strutting her sexy self toward me. She pulled me along with her into an empty closet, which she called her own. Her hot mouth was on mine before I even closed the door. 
“I have a half hour, so you better make this worth it,” she said between kisses. “I don’t normally screw guys with hard-ons for other girls,” she added, expertly unzipping my pants with her hands. When she found my hard length, I groaned in desperate need of relief. I slid my hands down her hips and started hiking up the skintight leather skirt that barely covered her firm, well-rounded ass. 
“Condom?” she asked, and I dug through my wallet before receiving some much needed salvation.



8: “No Air” Jordin Sparks and Chris Brown
Genevieve

I came out of the bathroom, hoping Rhys left. I was such an idiot. What was I thinking by dancing with him? He was so far out of my comfort zone. He just looked at me and I was powerless to resist him. I had to get home and try to forget about what a baby I acted like with him. I looked around, trying to find Gemma or Ella. Ella seemed to be on cloud nine as I made my way to her. 
“Everything went well?” I asked. Her green eyes were glazed over in excitement. That was a good sign. I guess Liam could back up on the pig remarks. 
“Fabulous… and Rhys?”
I shrugged; I didn’t want to talk about it; it was still too fresh. Why did I freak out? He just kissed my shoulder. That was innocent. Right? Yeah, right. If that was so innocent, I wouldn’t have fought the urge to throw him down on the floor and mount him! 
“We danced,” I said, closing that door mentally. “I wanna get going; I’m just looking for Gemma.” Ella pointed a finger behind me and I felt the color draining from my face. Gemma and Bryant were practically sucking each other’s faces off. I gulped down the bile that was rising in my throat and plodded forward. 
“You okay?” Ella asked and I just nodded, making my way towards them faster. 
“Gemma.” I snapped impatiently, and she pulled her mouth from Bryant’s. He smiled wickedly and Gem’s face lost the dreamy look, which turned to surprise, then embarrassment. 
“Gen… what are you doing?” Bryant asked, knowing exactly what I was doing. 
“I’m leaving; you coming?” I retorted sharply, showing my disregard for her and Bryant. Every day I learned another reason to hate him more. She pulled away from the slug, Bryant, but he grabbed her hand, pulling her back to him. She slapped his hand and followed me out of the bar. The temperature had dropped significantly, and it was starting to get chilly outside.  
“Before you say it, I’m sorry. I had a little too much to drink…” I didn’t even want to hear it. I was having flashbacks of Bryant pushing me against my door when we made out. He just made out with my sister! I thought I would be sick. I plopped down onto the sidewalk. “Gen, I’m really sorry. Please forgive me. I didn’t mean it. I pictured this night going so differently.” She cried. Big teardrops fell down her face, marring her perfectly applied makeup. I didn’t know what to say… much less, what to think. I could barely breathe. As if my night couldn’t get any worse, at that moment, Rhys strode by and stopped when he saw us. Gemma was crying and I was just sitting there, blankly staring at nothing. We must’ve been quite a sight. 
“Are you okay?” he politely inquired, watching us, and coming closer. 
Gemma wiped the hot tears from her face. “We’re waiting for a cab,” she replied, as if that explained why she was crying and I had zoned out. My eyes finally looked at him. Damn, he was so pretty, it hurt. Tall build, strong arms, and a face that belonged on the cover of a magazine, yet I practically ran away from him as soon as he gave me the time of day.
 Giving me a sidelong look, I supposed he knew something was up,  “Do you need a ride home?” he offered. I nodded, suddenly unable to stay there one moment longer. 
He motioned for us to follow him as he walked through the parking lot until he came to a black Dodge Charger.  I sat in the backseat, generously allowing Gemma to sit in the front. She started talking as soon as she got into the car. She had the debatable talent of mindless talking as a distraction. Rhys’s eyes held mine in the mirror, but I looked down at my lap, trying to avoid his intense gaze. I didn’t need that right now. When Gemma finally shut up, the rest of the car ride was thankfully ensconced in silence. Rhys had his own reserved parking spot by the dorm. Just one of the perks of being in charge.
“Thanks for the ride, Rhys,” Gemma said quietly. She was nowhere near as flirty as she had been earlier in the night. 
“Yeah, thanks,” I said before starting to walk off. 
“Genevieve, wait,” he said, placing a hand on my shoulder. I wanted to shrug it off, but I knew Rhys wouldn’t let go that easily. I stopped and Gemma went on ahead, but not without a question in her eyes. 
“I’m sorry,” I started. I didn’t look at him or even turn around for that matter. He walked around me and when he looked at me, it felt like those arctic blue eyes could read right down to my very soul. 
“Are you okay?” he asked softly. His voice was so tender and gentle, I almost cracked. However, sharing my personal hell with anyone else wouldn’t help me. I needed to keep it quietly buried inside, where it belonged. Besides, no one ever listened. I learned that lesson the hard way.
 I shook my head and started crying instead. His arms wrapped around me, engulfing me with a sense of security I never felt before. He didn’t say a word as I cried on his shoulder. He didn’t pressure me to speak; yet his silence was more powerful than any words could have been. I sniffled and tried to regain my composure after a few minutes. Pulling away from his comfort and warmth, I whispered a pathetic, ‘Thank you.” 
“Do you want to talk? We can…” I kissed his stubbly cheek and smiled, sadly walking away before I did anything I’d regret. He didn’t reply as he watched me walk away.  
Gemma was in our room, pacing back and forth. 
“Gen, I’m sorry, but I don’t think you can be mad at me when…” 
I waited for her to continue, but she didn’t. Eventually, she said, “Rhys doesn’t like me.” She huffed with frustration. “It’s always you, Gen. I don’t get it. First Daddy, then Bryant, now Rhys. Why can’t I ever be enough?” she snapped angrily. I stared at her, not realizing how hurt she felt by our dad’s indifference. He favored me, but she always received our mom’s undivided attention. Both of them always praised how consistent she was, remarking that she never ruffled their feathers, not the way I did. I stood up and hugged her like Rhys hugged me. She cried and I cried. 
We were so fucked up! And all because of a stupid last name. 
Eventually, I stopped crying and Gemma fell asleep. Gemma and I had a rough day. Our emotional baggage grew too burdensome every once in a while. Okay, so what if Gemma’s daddy issues were probably something she’d struggle with forever? Thankfully, my issues with Bryant were over. That pig was never coming near me or Gemma ever again! If my dad had a problem with that, Gemma could run the company for all I cared. I refused to ever let that weasel back into either of our lives. Bryant finally crossed the line. He ruined my trust in other people, but I could overcome that. Bryant didn’t deserve to have any control over my life, now or ever. Not anymore. After what I felt tonight, I realized it was time for me to stand up for myself. I couldn’t trust anyone to do that, but me. 
Bryant had just wormed his way into a hole he couldn’t escape. 
I pulled the covers up over Gemma, and made my way to the closet to find pajamas. 
There was nothing more enticing to me right now than going to bed and trying to forget today ever happened… all except for Rhys. I smiled, thinking about the way he held me so close as we danced. He got turned on and I haven’t felt that powerful in… forever. 
I shook my lusty thoughts of sexy Irish men out of my head and crawled into bed. There was only one more day before Orientation, and I needed to be in tiptop shape. That meant at least a few hours of sleep. 
Since Gemma was already snoring and in dreamland, I turned off the light and tried to do the same. 



9: “You Really Got A Hold On Me” She & Him
Rhys

I called Barb and told her I needed to get some sleep. Hell, I knew that wasn’t happening. The only thing my brain could focus on was Genevieve.  She was like a porcelain doll: pale, small, beautiful, and fragile. She looked so delicate, I asked her if she was okay and she broke down. That fucking killed me to witness. 
I didn’t want to get involved with someone carrying that much baggage or drama. I had my own hang-ups. And yet, here I was; trying to figure out a reasonable excuse to see her again.  After only a few hours of sleep, I was rudely awakened by my mom. She was reminding me about family dinner tonight. I wasn’t sure when I’d be able to go to the next one, so I definitely had to make tonight’s. 
I dragged my sorry ass out of bed. I needed to clear my head. Throwing on a pair of gym shorts and a tee shirt, I headed to the track. Mindlessly running in circles is the universal cure for everything; right?
As I strode over to the familiar track, I observed one lone runner racing as fast as she could around the oval. My heart started to jackhammer against my ribs when I noticed who it was: Gen. She stopped and rested her hands on her thighs as she fought to catch her breath.
“Up early?”
She looked at me with unmasked surprise illuminating her features. Damn those beautiful eyes! I immediately forgot my task of trying to rid her from my thoughts. Instead, I was already busy mapping out a scheme to have my way with her right here.  Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail, and despite the stray strands that lay still plastered to her face, she was the sexiest woman I’d ever seen. 
“I could say the same thing about you. We got home around the same time!” she teased. I wanted to ask her what had her so damn broken last night, but she seemed in such a good mood, I didn’t dare ruin it.
“I had fun last night. Your brother’s band is amazing,” she said, dancing around all the discomfort of last night. She moved forward, stopping a few feet away from me.
“Don’t call it his band in front of him. His ego is already off the charts.” She laughed.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” she quipped with a small smile still playing on her sumptuous lips. “I appreciated the drive home too,” she added, replacing the smile with a more somber, distant expression. The same look she had last night. 
“Anytime,” I replied, trying to draw out the cheerful girl from earlier. “You look like you’re finishing up; wanna grab some breakfast?” 
She gave me another small smile. “You know, showing up is only half the struggle; you’re supposed to run around at least once.” 
“Well, I only came to clear my head; but I found a better distraction.” She tilted her head and nodded. “Come on,” I said, wrapping an arm around her shoulders and pulling her closer to me before heading toward the cafeteria. 
We made some small talk as we walked, but Gen started to pull back again. This girl was driving me fucking crazy and I couldn’t even figure out why. 
“You know, Liam would have a run for his money if you were in the band.” 
I laughed, “Why is that?”
“Because you just might be the sexier brother,” she joked with a wicked smile that I felt right down to my balls. 
“Well, I’ll take that as a compliment and fail to mention I quit two years ago.” She gave me a surprised look that made her big, angel eyes look even huger. Bloody hell, she was like Puss in Boots. One kind look from her and I knew I’d do anything she asked. 
“How about a reunion tour? I’d like to see all that sexy on one stage.”
“ Are you flirting with me, doll?” 
“Why do you call me that?” she asked, scrunching her small nose in disdain. 
“You remind me of a porcelain doll.” She tilted her head to really look at me. 
“Because I’m fragile?” 
“No, because you’re beautiful,” I amended. Her shoulders tensed, but she didn’t run or flinch even. 
“I’m not fragile.” 
“Did I say you were?” I countered, holding the door open for her as we entered the cafeteria. 
“I just assumed,” she replied. 
“You are also small, pale, with big round eyes, and in short, the epitome of perfection.” A soft pink hue filled the apples of her cheeks. 
“I’m starving,” she suddenly announced, and we were back to avoiding the elephant in the room. Like a fucking Ferris Wheel. We grabbed trays, filled them up, and sat across from each other. She asked me about classes; I asked her about high school. 
“Rhys Moore!” Bree’s lithe figure plopped down beside me as she called out my name. Oh hell no! Gen raised an eyebrow in question, but didn’t say anything about Bree. “How was your break? You never called like you promised.” Was she serious? I knew Bree was doing that for Gen, but damn! I looked at Bree, so ready to murder her.
“Bree, this is Gen, we’re in the middle of breakfast; can we catch up later?” Bree’s mouth opened to protest, but I gave her a dark look, and she took off, mumbling under her breath.
Gen’s lips were forming a tight line. She kept her mouth shut. 
“Say it.” 
“Do you always treat women like that?” 
“Um no, Bree’s kind of an ex. She came over here just to push my buttons.” That was putting it lightly. She was one of those girls that got too comfortable when we were together and tried to stake her claim on me. I hadn’t touched her since the previous fall semester, but she still insisted on playing the same game. “I thought I was nice.” I tried for a smile, but she just kept eating. 
“What does kind of mean?” I restrained the smile that would have brightened my face. Was Gen jealous?
“Well, I never dated her, but we got along.” She looked up at me with those big, golden eyes that made my chest do weird things. 
“She was like your… fuck buddy?” When you say it like that, it kind of sounds dirty. 
“No… more like a…” I stopped when she stood up with her tray. “Where are you going?”
“I’ll be up front, Rhys, I like you, but I think more of myself than that. I refuse to just be another number on a long list of booty calls.” Damn! She had pegged me quick! Was that a world record or something?
“Hey,” I snapped, catching up to her. “You can’t just go off and assume that’s what I want,” I reasoned. 
“Then… what do you want? Why are you wasting your time on me?” 
“You’re sad.” She laughed incredulously.
“I’m out of here,” Gen snapped irritably. When I followed her, she turned around, still fuming. “I don’t need your pity.”
“That’s not what I meant. I just like to see you smile.” She stopped walking. “I’m not good at this. I don’t want another booty call. I just want to get to know you. No sex. No calls after three am. We talk. We laugh. Okay, we may flirt a bit, but I swear, that’s all I want.”
“Why?” she asked, looking confused, or maybe even a little hurt. Did I want to take back my words and tell her I was actually dying to throw her down on the floor just to prove how interested I was in her? No, that’d make me every bit as bad as Liam.
I shrugged, feeling unsure of how to answer a question like that. “I want a friend and you’re lucky enough to be the one I chose.” A small smile touched her lips.
“Okay,” she replied softly. So softly, I barely even caught it. 
I slowly pulled my hand away from my neck, a nervous habit, and wrapped my arm around her shoulders. “Good, now that that’s settled, we need some ground rules.”
“Really?”
“We work out a mutually beneficial system to get away from the clingers.”
“Beg your pardon?” she asked, letting me guide her out of the cool dorm where the cafeteria was housed. 
“The curse to having booty calls is clingers. They don’t get that one night means one night.” She laughed. 
“You’re a pig. You’re just as bad as Liam, aren't you?” 
“Ouch!” I said, placing my hand over my heart. “I like to think that I don’t have to fake my accent and pressure unsuspecting girls into threesomes.” 
“His accent is fake?” 
“Really?”
She blushed, “Well, I just assumed he spent more time in Ireland than you.” 
“Honey, he’s been here since he was eight; he has virtually no accent. He just layers it on at the shows.” She shook her head, laughing. The sound was soft and husky. 
“Smart man.” I shrugged. She was right; if the looks weren’t enough, he cornered the market on fake accents. 
“Don’t distract me from your piggish ways; what is a clinger?”
“Someone who doesn’t go away when the fun is over. Haven’t you seen Wedding Crashers?” 
She shook her head, “And what am I supposed to do about that?” 
“Help me out when I need it.” 
“We can try that out and see how it goes, but exactly how’s that helping me?”
“Point out any guys that are bothering you, and they’re done,” I answered. 
“Okay, I’m in.” I raised an eyebrow to question why she accepted my terms so quickly. Her laugh temporarily distracted me. “What else?” 
“We can fill in the rest later.
”

10: “Mercy” Duffy
Genevieve

My morning with Rhys was exactly what I needed. I hadn’t laughed so much in months, maybe even in years. I opened the door to my room to find Gemma in a cleaning frenzy. Whenever she couldn’t quite grasp and control everything in our lives, she simply cleaned. I knew I’d appreciate that quirk more than ever now that we shared a room. 
“Daddy called,” Gemma said, taking a break from cleaning the windows and grabbing a drink from the small fridge.
“And?” 
“Dinner tonight, without Bryant.” 
“Couldn’t they just go back to New York already?” I complained.
“Gen, he’s still pissed. I think you’re getting another ultimatum tonight,” Gemma replied, completely serious. “He thinks you’re disrespecting Bryant.” I huffed my response, not even bothering to reply to that ridiculous assumption. 
“There goes my Sunday,” I grumbled, collapsing into my hotel-worthy made bed. My phone dinged. 
Quick! Come up with an excuse so I don’t have to go to a family dinner tonight? Rhys texted. 
Quick! Give me an excuse for the same exact thing.
“Who is making you smile like that?” Gemma teased.
“Um, no one.”
I guess we’re both screwed.
Her incredulous look told me I needed to ‘fess up.
“Rhys,” I replied nervously.
“Where was I when you two hit it off?” I opened my mouth to tell her, but stopped. “Right.”
“We’re just friends. He’s kind of a man whore.” Gemma actually howled with laughter. 
“Yeah, that friendship thing is going to last like, thirty seconds.” 
“Hey!” 
“Gen, you’ve seen him; and that goofy grin,” she added, pointing to my face, “is not for just a friend.”
“You’ll see.” I replied before sending another text to Rhys. We could do this. Rhys wanted us to be friends and that was all. I could do it, whether I liked to or not. 
~~~

“Hi, Mom and Dad,” I greeted my parents, giving them kisses as we sat down at the table they reserved. Gemma and I agreed to drive and meet our parents at the restaurant to reduce any chance of a Bryant sighting. I also warned Gemma that when we got there tonight, it would be the last of Bryant. I’d had more than enough of him. I didn’t care what Dad might throw at me; this was the end. Him kissing Gemma was the last straw. She wasn’t happy, but she understood. 
We were in a quaint Italian restaurant. No one said anything as we looked over our menus. My dad started in as soon as the waitress left with our orders. 
“I’m very disappointed in you two. You’ve only been away at school for a weekend, and already, you are undermining my authority.” 
“Dad.” 
“Quiet, Genevieve!” he snapped in a hushed tone. “There is a lot expected from you, both of you. Associating with trash and living like other college students is absolutely not acceptable.” I knew he was talking about Rhys as soon as the words left his mouth.
“Genevieve, if you do not resume your courtship with Bryant again, you will not run my company.”
“Fine. Congratulations, Gemma!” I countered with a warm smile. He used that ultimatum to threaten me my entire life: giving the company to Gemma. For the first time, however, I called his bluff. “You’ll make an excellent CEO.” She stared at me, looking dumbfounded. I saw the murderous look on my father’s face. 
“Outside, now,” he growled. His salt and pepper hair was a sharp contrast to the reddening of his face. He stood up abruptly and walked out, expecting me to follow. My mom took a long swig of her wine before refilling her glass. 
I slowly followed him, prepared for the tongue-lashing I knew I would get.
“How dare you spit on everything I’ve worked so hard to give you!” my father snarled as he walked to the car. He sat in the driver’s seat and I took the passenger’s side. LaFarves never had disagreements in public. 
“Dad, if that is your stipulation, I now and forever refuse. I will never… and I repeat… ever be involved with Bryant again.” 
“You act like the boy broke your heart.” 
“Oh no! He attacked me!” I snapped angrily. “Or did you conveniently forget when I told you that after the prom? He kissed Gemma… no, he mauled Gemma. I would prefer not be CEO, if it means I have to live out the rest of my existence with him. He is pure filth. He is worse than all the people you call trash. My answer stands.” 
My father sighed. “His father will be pissed. Just give him another chance; I know he can do better.” I shook my head adamantly.  
“Screw his parents, they should have tried raising a decent human being,” I retorted angrily. 
“I love you, but when you both blatantly ignore my wishes…” 
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” I replied, hoping to ease some of his concerns. 
“No, I’m sorry; you have told me that a dozen times. I should accept your feelings toward Bryant. Although, I’ve never heard about Bryant and Gemma,” he said, trying to pry more information out of me.
“It’s not important, but he has disrespected both Gemma and me for long enough. We deserve much better.” He smiled and squeezed my hand on top of the center console. Was he actually proud of me for standing up for myself?
“Let’s get back to dinner before your mother thinks we’ve murdered each other. I’m going to stop pushing him on you, but please give him one more chance for me.” I nodded solemnly, knowing this was the best I could get out of him.
We sat down, both with stoic expressions, and my father broke the seriousness of the night first. He smiled and both Gemma and my mother exhaled with relief. 
“Gen and I have a mutual agreement that doesn’t involve Bryant.” Gemma’s face brightened. “Due to new information, I can’t, in good conscience, insist that my daughter suffer the presence of someone she despises. I want her to give him one more chance to fix his mistakes, and I’m not sure if we will find another suitable candidate for you, Gen, but I’m giving you my blessing to go out on your own and make your own decisions. That goes for both of you,” my father stated clearly. 
Our food was placed in front of us quickly. I was so relieved not to fight or argue with my father. I probably ate the entire meal with a wide smile on my face. 

Rhys 
“So tell me what is up with the girl from last night?” Liam asked, cornering me as soon as I made it into the house.
“Nothing, she’s just a friend.” I replied, entering the room and giving my baby sister, Colleen, a hug. 
“You didn’t even stay ‘til the end of our gig,” she complained. I ruffled her purple hair. 
“I’m sorry, love, I promise to this week.” She smiled, making the various freckles on her face stand out. Colleen was a natural redhead, who dyed her hair regularly enough to coincide with her rock girl persona. She fit into MMRD way better than I ever could.
Liam wasn’t satisfied with my answer and came back. “Come on; you never take girls from right under my nose… and since when do you have girls that are just friends? I know you.” 
I shrugged, not wanting t0 explain my relationship with Gen to him. Hell, I was still sorting out the specifics, myself. 
“Is there a girl in your life?” my mom interrupted, bringing out some homemade dishes for the table. Her second husband followed her with the remainder. My mother got remarried when I was fourteen. Although I have never been particularly close to Bob, he is good to my mother, and that’s all that matters. 
We had to leave Ireland in a rush, but that was all about survival. Coming to the US, my mother hoped to have a better life, one filled with happy memories to help us forget the dark ones we left in Dublin. Thankfully, Liam and Colleen didn’t remember much since they were only eight and seven, but I remembered it all. 
“Rhys, do I need to ask for your permission?” I rolled my eyes as Liam went on and on about Gen. 
“No.”
“Aw, man. Why are you being like this?” Liam complained, sounding frustrated. 
“She’s a person, not a toy. I think she already revealed her preference,” I added as I walked away. I would much rather have heard about Colleen’s first week of school than about Liam treating Gen as his latest conquest. 


 11: “Karma” Alicia Keyes
Genevieve

I didn’t think the smile would ever fall off my face. For once, I wasn’t stressed and worried about how to get away from Bryant. I didn’t have to think about that part of my life ever again. It was finally over! 
Gem cornered me last night and started interrogating me about what happened. When I told her I finally stood up to Dad, she couldn’t stop smiling. We were free. Was there an empty field nearby where I could dance and rejoice? I felt like belting out my own personal Sound of Music scene before frolicking in the fields of grass.
As I made my way from the introduction lecture, which all new freshman had to attend, I saw my first class, one I was looking forward to. Three classes on Monday and Wednesday, and two on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday. College was sounding better and better to me by the minute. 
Accounting would be interesting, and my dad suggested it so I’d be more accurate when checking the books after I took charge. I didn’t disagree, but learned to pick and choose my battles with my father. I sat down in a seat not too far from the door and watched my classmates shuffle in. Some faces were familiar, and others weren’t, but it was a big school. Just before the class started, Bryant walked in. He still looked like an arrogant ass, but now, that arrogant ass decided to sit next to me. 
The teacher spoke about class requirements and expectations before reading his syllabus, which outlined even more requirements and expectations. Once he finished reviewing the twelve-page syllabus, he let us go. Bry grabbed my hand before I could make a hasty retreat out of class. 
“I’m that terrible?” he asked in a low, but demanding voice. 
“Not having this conversation,” I replied, walking faster, but he just caught up, and gripped my shoulder so hard, it hurt. He saw me wince and loosened his hold. 
“Gen, you can’t be serious. Tell him you were lying,” he urged me.
“But I wasn’t.” 
“I don’t care,” he snapped, getting into my face. I stepped back. Having known Bryant so long, I knew when to resist the urge to push him, and this was one of those times. 
“Is everything okay?” Ella asked, breaking the stare-down between Bryant and me.
“Yeah, come on, Ella. Let’s grab a bite to eat. I’m starved.” She forced a smiled as she walked with me to one of the many coffee shops on campus. Bryant wisely didn’t follow.
I kept watching over my shoulder, expecting him to show up and lash out at any moment. That was the Bryant that scared the crap out of me. When he was like that, I never knew what to expect. So, yes, I might have been scared. 
With my coffee in hand, Ella started telling me about the next MMRD gig, and informing me about all the fun facts I may have not known. The entire band was still in college so they only had gigs on the weekends. 
I turned to look over my shoulder once more. 
“Earth to Gen.”
“Yeah?” I said, snapping my head forward. 
“Did you hear anything I said?” she asked, making a very valid point. I had no clue what she was talking about. She huffed in exasperation when I didn’t answer. 
“Wanna go to the MMRD shows this weekend? Bring Gemma too; you girls are so fun.” 
“Thanks; that sounds great. Friday and Saturday, right?” 
“Yup.” 
“Text me the locations, or we can go together,” I suggested as I looked at the time on my phone. I only had fifteen minutes to get across campus to my next class. I stood up and Ella did too. 
“Late to class?”
“Almost. See you later.” I said, waving as I walked away. I shot across campus in ten minutes, much faster than I could ever have assumed possible. I opened the door to a computer lab and started looking around. It was English class and I beamed when I saw Gemma on the other side of the room. We only had one class together, but I was nonetheless excited. 
“I never expected to beat you here?” she teased, knowing how uptight I could be about punctuality. Okay, perhaps I was a little obsessed with punctuality. 
“Ran into Ella, she invited us to some bars this weekend.”
“Oh, really?” 
I rolled my eyes, adding, “She has a serious thing for the lead singer of MMRD.” 
“The band from Saturday?” she questioned, lacking all the info on the band that I was graced with. 
“Yup,”
“They’re good; I’d see them again. Especially if that lead singer rips off his shirt halfway through,” Gemma said as she mentally relived the image.
“Watch out! Mention Liam and Ella’s claws will come out.” 
“Liam?” 
“The lead singer.” I leaned forward. “He’s Rhys’s little brother,” I whispered confidentially. 
“Shut up!” 
“I’m serious,” I laughed. We talked some more about the familial ties of MMRD before English class began. The teacher was about as entertaining as dishwater. His monotone voice gave me flashbacks of Ben Stein in Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. I was so in trouble with this class. Again, the entire hour was filled by the reading of the syllabus before we were promptly dismissed. 
I had one more class today, and a long break in between. “Lunch?” Gemma suggested as we made our way out of class. After drinking a medium coffee, I wasn’t super hungry, and a small snack was all I really needed. I nodded and walked around the campus, listening to Gemma discuss our classes so far. When I told her about Accounting, I tactfully skimmed over my encounter with Bryant. I only mentioned she should avoid him when he’s grumpy. 
My phone dinged and I looked down to see my first text message from Rhys since yesterday. 
Lunch?
On my way there.
“What a surprise!” Rhys said, scaring the crap out of me as he caught up to us. He gave me a wicked smile, and I knew he meant to do that. I shook my head in disapproval. 
“Hi, Rhys,” Gemma chimed in and the three of us went to lunch. I thought it would be awkward: Gemma liking Rhys and all, but she was cool, perhaps even a little aloof. Rhys nearly had me wondering about his position on our friendship when he wrapped his arm around me. Maybe I was reading too much into it. We were just friends, and friends did things like that… I think.
“So Gen, was telling me about the next MMRD gig,” Gemma started, within seconds, she went off like a firework, spouting everything I told her. 
After she finished her meal, she checked the time and said she had to get to class, leaving me alone with Rhys.
“So I don’t even have to ask to bring you to the next gig?” Rhys teased. 
“Please! Ella would drag me there kicking and screaming.” 
“Damn…” he said, shaking his head.
“What?” I laughed. 
“I didn’t want you to go.”
“Why not?”
“I may have told my brother to keep his hands off you.”
“So?” I replied without seeing any problem.
“He’s taking it as a challenge, but with you and Gemma together, he might just die from sheer happiness.” 
I couldn’t help laughing in his face. Liam sounded awful. “That’s not funny!” he complained, and his accent grew more pronounced with his increasing irritation. 
I nodded, oh yes, it was very funny. “So your dinner wasn’t bad?” I asked without losing my goofy smile. He smiled back and that crooked grin he flashed started playing with my head. My dad would have killed me right now if he saw that. 
He shrugged. “Yours?”
“Okay, but better than I expected.” 
Rhys leaned forward, and his longish hair covered his forehead. He brushed it back with one hand. “I’m here on business.”
“Business?” I laughed, knowing where he was going with that.
“You remember Bree?” The rude girl from breakfast? How could I forget? “Well, the bird has been blowing up my phone.” I blinked, visibly registering the Irish and American slang he threw into one sentence. 
“So? What do I have to do?” 
“Stop it,” he said, handing me his phone.
“How?”
He shrugged, clearly just as clueless as I was. “Just text her he’s occupied or pick up the next time she calls.” 
“You can’t be serious?” I said, staring at his phone like it was Pandora’s box. 
“I’ll pick up my phone before dinner. See you at six!” he said, walking away and leaving me still holding his phone. Shit!


12: “Damned If I Do Ya” All Time Low
Rhys

What the bloody hell was I thinking? Gen has my phone. What if she decides to go through it? Aw fuck! What if Bree does call and she picks up? Fucked didn’t begin to describe how I felt as I walked away from Gen, resisting the incessant urge to turn around. I nearly begged for the damn phone back like the sorry sack of shit I am.
I stopped to take a calming breath. 
I could do this. It was all about trust. I did it to prove I had nothing to hide. If I want her to trust me; I have to show her how. Talk is easy. I intend to show her I am different. 
I left her and ran into Gemma on the way outside.
“So?” she said, her bright smile making me miss Genevieve. Damn, when did I last start crushing like a school girl? Gen and Gemma looked identical except for their hair color. They were so much the same, down to the creamy skin, perky nose, and plump mouth. 
“So?” I said, falling in stride beside her. 
She gave me an incredulous look. “Gen.” Damn! Even those eyes on Gemma managed to affect me.
“What about Gen?” I asked, knowing exactly what she was getting at. 
She sighed, meaning, she was already fed up with me. 
“Gem, I’d love to talk about my friend, but I fear everything I say to you will be repeated.” She blushed again and the similarities only made me miss Gen more. 
“Okay, but I’m going to warn you now. She’s been through a lot. If you hurt her, it is my sworn moral obligation to kick your ass,” she growled seriously. I feigned a cough to cover my laughter, but I knew she heard. 
“Laugh it up now. Gen isn’t fooled by your accent, or your nice smile. You must try a hell of a lot harder than that if you want to arouse her interest in you.” The smile fell from my face. Gemma smiled primly and walked away, seemingly proud that she got the last word. I dug into my pocket for my phone so I could send Gen a text about that, only to discover I was phoneless. Damn. This was pathetic.

Genevieve
I stared at his phone, still dumbfounded. What did he expect me to do with it? I slid the lock screen before re-locking the phone. I doubt he would want me to go through his personal numbers. That was an invasion of privacy. He only gave it to me because he trusted me with a job. I had to focus, and that was all I could do. I cleaned up my table and left. I was heading to the bookstore to get my textbooks. The phone rang, and an embarrassing Irish song parody started playing. I answered the phone without even looking at the screen. 
“Hello, Rhys’s phone.”
“Aw, hell. You’re answering his phone. I’m screwed,” the guy on the other end said and I had a hard time placing the voice. When I looked at the screen, I smiled. 
“Hi, Liam.”
“Hey, Gen, please tell me he has hired you exclusively as his secretary.” 
“Unfortunately no, he gave me his phone to handle something else.” 
I heard some spitting before Liam started again. “The bastard isn’t near you?” 
“No.”
“Damn. He’s good.” 
“What?”
“I’m sorry, babe. Let’s get to more important things.” His accent grew more pronounced the longer we spoke. Totally fake!
“Please don’t fake your accent for me.”
“Ouch, love.” I shook my head, disbelieving Liam’s theatrics. “Anyway, you coming to our Friday gig?” he asked without a trace of accent. 
“You are the third person to invite me today; so… yes.”
“Good. I’ll sing you a song.” 
“Oh, you don’t have to do that.” I laughed. 
“But I want to,” he said, feigning hurt.
“Whatever, Liam. Do you want me to give Rhys a message?”
“Oh no, what I have to say to that man needs to be said in person.”
“Okay; bye, Liam.”
I hung up the phone not even sure I did that. I answered Rhys’s phone. He would have to kill me. I put the phone away, resisting the urge to sift through it. I was only human. Would he know if I looked? I just wanted a quick peek.
Finally making it back to my room. I pulled out his phone and just stared at it. Unlocking the screen, I looked through his apps. Nothing peculiar, I opened his Candy Crush app and assessed how far he’d gotten. I laughed to myself as I started playing. I had to distract myself from snooping through his contacts and reading all the good stuff I knew the phone contained. 
I jumped when it started to ring again. This time, it was an obnoxious alarm sound that I shut off. On the screen it read: AVOID Bree! AVOID! This call must have been what he was talking about. I answered the phone, putting some extra pep into my tone. 
“Hi, Rhys’s phone.” 
“Who is this?” Bree demanded angrily.
“Gen. Do you want to leave a message for Rhys?”
“Why the hell are you picking up his phone?” she screeched in a pitch that was only audible to dogs. 
“Because he asked me to,” I replied. 
“Did you steal his phone?” she started before spouting off a litany of nasty expletives that made me blush, and I’ve heard my fair share. Gemma tends to over-share, and she likes to think we are of one mind, or at least, believes we should be.
“Calm down… Bree. He simply asked me to field some of his unwanted calls,” I said, getting to the point. He wanted me to get rid of her. I thought I could do that.  Although I felt bad in the beginning, the longer she went on being such a bitch, the less guilt I felt.
“Who the hell do you think you are? Rhys and I have been together for two years! He’s known you for all of ten seconds. He will use you like he uses every other girl before he comes crawling back to me,” she crowed. “One thing none of you girls can do is make him change. Rhys is, and always will be, shared. No girl can ever change that.” 
“I’m not with Rhys, Bree. I’m too smart for that. I’m just cleaning up the trash he can’t seem to get rid of.” I said, hanging up the phone with a dramatic stab of my thumb.  I leaned back on the futon and felt really damn proud of myself. I couldn’t wait to tell Rhys about my accomplishment. Smiling smugly, I reacquainted myself with the lower levels of Candy Crush. 
An hour and seven levels later, I ran out of my room. I had to run or be late for my last class. I got there with only a sparse couple of minutes to find a seat and get organized. 
“Another class,” Bryant said, leaning forward. I sighed, throwing my notebook on my desk, and feeling more than irritated to be stuck with him for the next two-and-a-half hours. Sliding Rhys’s and my phones from my pocket, I placed them on silent. Bryant watched me do it, and his scowl stayed firmly in place. 
I forced myself to listen to the professor as she reviewed her class requirements. I felt Bryant watching me the entire time. Yup, he was still pissed. I intended to get my ass to the cafeteria quickly and hope that Gemma or Rhys would already be there. 
I gave Bry an uncomfortable shrug, which only seemed to further anger him. I turned my full attention to the woman leading the class, who rambled on in a long, circumstantial way, but I tried my best to engage and stay involved. It wasn’t her fault I was distracted and couldn’t focus. This was an important class, Intro to Business, and business was my freaking major. I needed an A in this class. I jumped when I felt a phone vibrate, but ignored it. Geez, Rhys must get more calls than 911. I dug it out of my back pocket as discreetly as I could and looked at the name. Mallory? Who was that? I sent the call to voicemail and pretended to focus on class again. But the laser beam called Bryant scrutinized me the entire time. 
Class ended at last, and I grabbed my bag and bolted out the door. I hoped I was leaving Bryant in the dust, but I didn’t turn to check. Then he would know how hard I was trying to get away from him. I reached the outside area with picnic tables set up for students to enjoy eating outdoors on those lovely days in Boston. An arm suddenly snaked out of nowhere, grabbing my arm. I gasped when I realized it belonged to Bryant.
“Have you talked to your father yet?” he growled. 
I shook my head, “You’re hurting me; let go,” I demanded softly. 
“Call him now” he said in my face.
“No.” 
He pushed me against the exterior of the student center. There was a small awning that hid us in the shadows. My heart started pounding in my ears. This was not happening again. Bryant could not hurt me again. I repeated the mantra in my head, the same one I had been reiterating for months. 
“I’m not playing with you anymore, Genevieve!” he snarled, and his hands were gripping my upper arms much too tightly. I cried out in pain. 
“Please let go of me, Bryant. You don’t need me. You don’t need to do this.” 
He hit the brick wall beside my head, making me jump. 
“You promised, Gen. You said you’d forgive me. We need each other.” He tried to apologize, but his anger was still getting the best of him. Where the hell were people when you needed them?
“No, Bryant. I made a promise to myself when I saw the real you. I could never forgive anyone that deliberately hurts me and other people.” 
“I’d never hurt you,” he said, his body keeping me pressed against the wall. His green eyes seemed dark and wild, and his panting was all I could hear.
“I’m not calling my dad,” I stated with the last of my courage.
“Damn it!” he roared, slamming me back into the wall, and I screamed.


13: “Fallout” Mariana’s Trench
Rhys
What the hell was going on!?
 My fist flew into the guy holding Gen against a wall. 
He collapsed to the ground. Gen started crying hysterically. She was shaking and I tried to touch her, but she started crying harder, shaking her head, and pressing against the wall to get away from me.
“Don’t touch me!” she sobbed. Her eyes and hair looked wild as she took in everything around me. 
“Genevieve, doll, it’s me, Rhys! I’m not going to hurt you,” I said, stepping closer and raising my hands in placation. The asshat that tried to attack her was still sprawled out on the floor. 
She wrapped her arms around herself. “I… I… need to go home,” she cried. 
“Gen, let me call Gemma. The police—”
“No!” she shrieked, making me take a step back. “No police,” she amended more softly, her voice nearly pleading. 
“Can I call Gemma?” She nodded, handing me her phone. I sighed, wanting to deal with the situation appropriately. 
“Gemma?” I asked when she said hello. “It’s Rhys. I’m outside the student center with Gen. She was attacked.”
“I’m on my way. How’s she doing? Who did it? What happened?”
I looked over at the unconscious guy. He was started to twitch and would wake up soon. “Bad. That Graham guy. Just get here.” 
“I’m almost there,” she replied and hung up. 
“Gen, come here,” I said, opening my hands. She shook her head, still shivering badly. I stepped forward again. “I’m not going to hurt you.” She moved closer. The apprehension seemed to lessen in her eyes. She eventually ran into my arms before she started sobbing uncontrollably again. 
Gemma showed up and just gasped. 
“Can you walk?” I asked, ready to carry Genevieve back to her room. The Neanderthal in me was activated by seeing Gen in danger. Never again. I would never allow anything to happen to her again. 
She nodded and took Gemma’s hand. Gemma started saying things to soothe her, and I followed, watching their intimacy. As twins, they weren’t totally in sync, but at that moment, their bond shone through. I trailed them, letting Gemma do more than I ever knew how to do. Gen was already looking better. 
Gemma stopped when she saw me following them to their room. “Um, she’ll be better tomorrow. She just needs some time,” she said outside the door Genevieve had already walked through.
I glared at her, waiting for her to elaborate. “I’m not going anywhere until I know she is really okay.” She sighed and pushed open the door wider to let me inside the room. Gen was sitting on her bed, her knees to her chest, her eyes vacant and staring at nothing. I looked at Gemma, but she just shrugged.
Before she walked further into the room, I stopped Gemma. “We should call the police,” I told her.
“No, Bryant is like family. Gen would never do that,” Gemma stated matter-of-factly, saying exactly what Gen said.
“He attacked your sister! Family or not, he deserves to be punished.” I tried to convince her. They couldn’t be that naive. This Bryant guy was an ass and would only continue doing stuff like that until he was punished, or legally stopped. 
“Look, I have class in a half hour. Will you stay with her?” she asked with genuine concern in her voice. “I don’t trust people,” she started, “but I want to trust you. You helped Gen. Thank you.” She went to her desk and began pulling out books. She sat down on Genevieve’s bed when she was all finished. 
“Are you hungry?” she asked Gen softly. Genevieve didn’t respond. She just continued to stare off into space. “I love you, Gen,” she said, kissing the crown of her head. “Bryant won’t hurt you again. This isn’t prom. Bryant can’t control you ever again.” She spoke softly, probably unaware that I could even hear her. What the bloody hell did that mean? I was going to kill that guy if he even so much as looked at Genevieve the wrong way again. Gemma stroked Gen’s hair as she rested her head on her twin’s lap. “You’re safe. No one can harm you now; I’m here and Rhys is here. He’s going to take care of you while I’m in class. Rhys is safe. He helped you.” She continued brushing Gen’s brown locks out of her face. “Please come back, Gen. You are so much stronger than this.” She sighed. 
I sat on the small futon, feeling useless. I felt fucking ineffectual as I watched Gemma giving her sister what I failed to provide. Hope? Strength? I couldn’t identify it, but it drove me crazy that I couldn’t do that for her. I cared about Gen; and seeing what happened to her, not to mention her response, pushed everything else I ever thought about out of my head, leaving me with a sense of complete futility. 
I erroneously always thought women could overcome anything men could. My mom managed to do it; why the hell couldn’t other women?  There was no excuse for violence against women; they should fight like hell, or get away, or whatever. That was what I believed before I saw Gen fighting someone twice her size. How could women escape from that? How did my mom manage to put an entire ocean between my father and her? Bravery. After I finished with Genevieve, she would be just as brave as my mother. No, she would be even braver because she had me. 
“I have to go,” Gemma said, shaking me out of my dark thoughts. I stood up and made my way to the spot Gemma just vacated. I slid into her bed. Those wide brown eyes I was so fixated on for the last few days were nearly breaking my heart. My flawless, porcelain doll was cracked. A big, gaping hole lay where her heart used to be. 
“I’ll be here when you get back,” I told Gemma. 
She smiled sadly and left. Gen didn’t move away when I sat beside her, but rested her head on my shoulder as soon as I settled in. 
“I thought we had a dinner date, doll?” She didn’t answer. 
“Were you able to talk to Bree?” No answer again. “I’m sorry to say I’m going through tech withdrawal.” She didn’t move or respond. 
“Look at me, Genevieve,” I said softly. Her distant brown eyes found me. “You can get through this; and I’m here waiting for you to do it. I can’t even imagine what’s going on in that head of yours, but I’m here for you, doll. Let me help you.” Fresh tears glistened in her eyes. She rested her head back on my shoulder and started to cry, but more quietly this time. I pulled her into my lap, my heart aching with each tear that fell. 
We sat in silence for a while; no words could erase what happened to her. She just wanted a shoulder to lean on now and I happily gave that to her. She was still nestled in my lap, her head resting on my chest and breathing softly. Finally, she could at least get some sleep. I felt the phone vibrating in her back pocket and pulled it out, knowing it was mine. Hers still sat at her desk where I personally placed it. 
I looked at my screen. I had several missed calls, mostly from Mallory. A few were from Bree. 
Answering Mallory’s call, I whispered hello.
“Why the hell haven’t you been answering my calls? You know the deal! I’m horny, you—”
“I’m busy, Mal. I’m probably going to be busy all night.” 
“What are you doing?” she asked, noting the softness of my voice. 
“Helping a friend.” She snorted. 
“Yeah, right. Seriously.”
“Mal, I have to go.” 
“Okay,” she replied without missing the rarely used gravity in my tone. I locked my phone and stared at the perfection lying in my arms. I didn’t know what to do, except wait for Gemma to come back from her class. I slid Gen onto her bed when I had to take a bathroom break. I also ordered and waited for a pizza delivery, which was the only thing I planned to eat for dinner. I hoped the aroma of greasy pepperoni would rouse Gen from her fitful sleep. 
After a few slices, I lay beside Gen and she instinctively curled her body around me. I drew the blankets over her and pulled her closer. She looked so different when at rest. Her face was unmarred and smooth, without a single worry to interrupt her sleep. She had a firm grip on my waist. I sank into oblivion as I watched her sleeping. 


14: “Sleeping With A Friend” Neon Trees
Rhys

Someone’s throat was being cleared, and I jumped before I realized Gen was still sound asleep. 
“Sleeping on the job?” Gemma teased as she helped herself to the now cold pizza.  I started to rub the sleep out of my eyes, moving carefully to avoid waking Genevieve. “Want a soda?” she asked before going to the small fridge beside the futon. 
I nodded and started to untangle myself from Genevieve. She snorted sweetly and fell back to sleep. Finally, making my way to the soda can, I accepted it when Gemma extended her hand to me. 
“I like you, Rhys. That’s why I’m going to be honest. Gen’s fucked up.” I stopped mid- drink to reply, but she shook her head. “We’re both fucked up, actually.” I looked at her curiously. She had that same deep sadness that I first spotted in Genevieve when I saw her standing with a box she could barely carry. Trust doesn’t come easy to people who have been betrayed. “Gen’s a daddy’s girl.” 
“Why are you telling me that?” I asked.
“It will all make sense in the end.” she replied, taking a bite of the stale pizza. She crinkled her nose, the same way Gen did, and stuck the pizza into the microwave on top of the small fridge beside her. “Gen is a daddy’s girl. Dad dictates everything she does.”
“Gemma, you aren’t making sense.” She huffed, seemingly exasperated with me. Well, perhaps I’d understand if she stopped beating around the damn bush!
“Bryant’s our neighbor.” I stared at her, now beyond confused. I didn’t know what the hell she was talking about, especially when she kept jumping around to different topics. “Our parents are BFFs. Since we were born, Dad has had it etched in his skull that Gen and Bryant were it. They were supposed to fall in love, get married, and have a litter of privileged, little brats to take over after Gen.”  
“Take over? Wait… so let me get this straight. Bryant and Gen are in a relationship?” I asked, becoming actually upset. “I thought you were dating that pig. I saw you at the club… and…” I stopped when I saw the scowl on Gemma’s face. 
“Gen hates him,” she said firmly. “I hate him too,” she added with less conviction. “Gen tries to be the perfect daughter to our father. She tried dating him in high school, and because it was Bryant, our parents always conveniently overlooked the times when he used to sneak into her room. Their relationship was rocky at best; and they fought constantly. They were never really on good terms. If you don’t already know, Bryant is a condescending ass.” The microwave dinged and Gemma grabbed her slice of reheated pizza, but left it on the plate so it could cool off. 
“The week before prom, Gen caught Bryant cheating on her with another girl at school. I think it was in a staircase, but don’t quote me on that.” She took her first bite, letting each detail sink in. “Bryant found her later that day, and tried to explain, but she broke up with him. That was the first time he got forceful with her. He grabbed her several times before, but never shoved her like he did that day. Gen came home, utterly hysterical, but when she told my parents, they insisted Bryant wasn’t capable of doing those things.” She took another bite, now watching me closely. I relaxed my hands after balling them up into fists while learning about this jerk and her useless parents. “Gen refused to go to prom, but after a stern talking-to from our father, she complied with his wishes, and went to prom with Bryant.
“After prom, Bryant booked them a hotel room. Gen refused to go there with him. He threw her in the back of his car seat and tried to…” Gemma sniffled. “R—force her. Gen’s strong though,” she added sadly. “She kicked him in the nuts and bolted, looking for me and my date. Genevieve was crying hysterically and her hair was a mess so I took her home. We told our parents what happened together; and again, they didn’t believe us. That was the first time Gen was like this. She didn’t leave her room for two days. She slept mostly, but never showered, or talked, not even to me.” Gemma’s eyes shone with fresh tears. “Bryant’s been pushing her a lot lately and so has Daddy, but he eventually gave in. I don’t know what…” She choked on a sob. I resisted the urge to hug her, and thankfully so. She sucked it up and looked at me with determination in her eyes. 
“Again, I like you, Rhys, but Gen can’t be with someone like you. A friend, yes, but you can’t be anymore than that.” I straightened, already on the defensive. What did that mean?
“What does ‘someone like me’ mean?” I shot back. 
She sniffled, “Gen is Daddy’s girl!” Again with the dad thing. I thought I had daddy issues, but these girls were giving me a run for my money. “Our dad may not be pushing Bryant on her anymore, but she still has other expectations to live up to. Our dad’s company is more important to him than either of us ever were. That’ll all be Gen’s.”
“What does your dad do that he would cherish it so much?” She gave me a sidelong look like she couldn’t believe I even asked such a dumb question. 
“LaFarve Media.” This time, I did spit out my soda. LaFarve Media was huge. Everyone knew that name. They owned TV stations and recording studios; they signed the biggest stars; and they were right up there with NBC, Comcast, and Sony when it came to everything media-related.
“You two are those LaFarves?” She nodded, unfazed by the stupor she achieved from me upon hearing her revelation. I sat back, now taking in everything. Looking around the room with a new set of eyes, I suddenly noticed the designer labels I never would have seen before. How the hell would I handle this? I looked over at Gen, still asleep in bed. Before I knew that, I couldn’t stop thinking about all the time I wanted to spend with her. Now, she was totally out of my class. I was seriously outranked here. Funny, how I felt offended at first by what Gemma said. Now I completely agreed. But I still couldn’t ignore the feeling that Gen needed me, whether I was outclassed or not.
“But if Gen and Bryant aren’t involved, what happened today?” Gemma shrugged. 
“Gen talked to Dad last night. He agreed to stop foisting Bryant on her. I’m sure Bryant’s dad didn’t take that lightly, which, no doubt, was the source of Bryant’s rotten mood.”
“You think that was his way of trying to get Gen to reconsider?” I stammered, progressively more astonished at the oversized balls this asshat possessed. 
“Maybe,” she replied. “Back to the point though. Gen is messed up, we both are and you really seem like a nice guy, but…”
“You want me to leave and never come back?” I snapped incredulously. She didn’t say anything, but bit her lower lip. I finally saw a real physical difference in them: Gemma’s lips were narrower, less plump and less kissable. 
“It’d be easier for both of you,” she tried to convince me. She was struggling to be the tough one, which apparently, wasn’t her usual role. She kept looking over at Gen, seeking some inner strength before speaking for both of them. 
“I’m not leaving—” I argued.
“Rhys, this can only end badly,” she retorted. 
“I guess I will take the long, drawn-out ending,” I said, walking back to Gen. Everything began spiraling in my head. I wanted to take her away from that hell, but Gemma was right: Gen was all about obligation. I saw it in the few days we spent together. Her future was always on her mind; and that’s what stopped her at the club. 
“Will she be okay for tomorrow?” I asked Gemma. She shrugged. 
“I think so, but I never know.” 
“Will she talk to me?”
Again, Gemma just shrugged.
I knelt down and touched Gen’s face. She didn’t move. 
“Gen?” I said with a small tap to her nose. She moved, but didn’t wake. “Bree’s calling.” Her eyes opened and her hand went to her pocket, looking for the phone. 
“Liar,” she grumbled. “Wait, but where’s…” She sat up, panicking, and looking around her bed. 
“I stole it back; I was weak.” I said, waving my phone in her face. She relaxed.
“Did she call?” 
“A few times, but I just ignored them. How ya feeling?” 
She looked down as a dark crimson flushed her face. “Better…” She looked over at Gemma. “Can we take a walk?” 
“Doll, you don’t have to explain,” I tried to say. 
“But I want to…” I looked back at Gemma who shrugged. She opened a magazine, pretending to ignore us. 
“You weren’t doing so hot. We can talk tomorrow.” 
“Rhys!” she snapped, looking at me with those big, damn eyes. 
“Okay,” I replied. I couldn’t say no to that face. She smiled and slid out of bed. 
“Just give me a minute,” she said before walking into her bathroom. 
Gemma gave me a disapproving look. 
“Did you really expect me to say no?” 
She raised an eyebrow and returned her attention to her magazine.
I groaned and waited for Genevieve. Knowing everything I knew, I had to at least be up front with her. Gemma threw all her cards on the table, and it didn’t seem fair unless I did the same. 
Oh, fuck. 


15: “You Should Know Where I’m Coming From” Banks
Genevieve 

I stared at my reflection in the mirror over the sink. As soon as I walked out of the bathroom, I could sense Rhys’s presence close by. I could do this. He saw me at my worst, so the least I could do was explain. Oh, God! How could I begin to explain Bryant? I shook the thought out of my head and plastered a fake smile on my face for Rhys. 
He looked a little rumpled from sleep, but that only added to his allure. His piercing, blue eyes weren’t tired, and seemed to see through my soul, discovering every secret and lie I’d ever told. 
“Ready, doll?” He extended his arm for me and I took it. We left my room and walked through the dorm in complete silence. My mind was racing. I was still trying to form a rational statement about what happened, but everything I came up with made me sound like I should have been institutionalized. 
It grew cooler outside after the sun set. I wasted my entire day. Rhys kept walking without even slowing down for me, so eventually, I let go of his arm. 
“Rhys,” I started, afraid of what he would think of me after this. He’d know how weak I was. He’d know my darkest secrets. We just met, and I didn’t want to scare him away so quickly. He stopped and looked over to where he rescued me; we were in the student center again. This place would never hold happy memories for me, not as long as I was here.  
He sat at an empty patio table with stone benches. I didn’t even think a Boston snowstorm could move these tables. I stood, somewhat afraid to sit. He patted the bench beside him. 
“This is weird,” he started, trying to ease my discomfort. I sat down. 
“I freaked out. I’m really messed up,” I said, blurting out the words before my brain could even filter them. 
He laughed sadly. “You don’t have to explain anything to me.” He turned to me, letting me see every curve and contour of his chiseled face. His five o’clock shadow seemed to better suit him. 
“But…” I started, feeling surprised and confused. I knew I temporarily shut down, but I still heard him. He said he would be here for me, but he wouldn't let me explain. 
“Gemma gave me a rundown.” My heart dropped to my stomach. Oh, no! I felt my eyes glazing over with tears. He knew. Knowing Gemma, he knew everything. “I’m here for you. You scared the crap out of me,” he added. “I don’t want you to relive what that bastard did to you.” Oh, hell! Here came the waterworks. He believed me. He didn’t even know me, yet he still believed me. He took my hand, which was resting on the table. 
“Thank you,” I whispered, not trusting my voice. He lifted my chin so I could look into that heartbreakingly beautiful face. He kissed my hand in his grasp, watching my reaction the entire time. 
“I can’t change what happened; but I could kick Bryant’s ass whenever you want.” I laughed. I expected that much from Rhys despite the little I knew about him. He was a protector. His role was to protect me. “I want to even the playing field,” he said, letting go of my hand.
“Okay…” I replied, feeling confused.
“I’m telling you stuff I’ve never told anyone else, because I know too much about you.” He looked forward without seeing me for a bit. 
“I moved to Boston when I was ten. My ma moved us here to get away from my dad. He was a bastard. He hated me and reminded me of it every chance he got. He didn’t treat my mom much better. When he was drinking, he often hit her, and me, Liam, and Colleen. When I was younger, I was too afraid to stand up for them. One day, however, I did…” he said, finally looking at me. I stared at him, almost afraid for him to continue. His face seemed haunted with a darkness I could not comprehend. Was that what he saw when he looked at me?
I shook my head, hoping he would not continue, but he gave my hand a reassuring squeeze and went on.
“He kicked my ass!” he said, pulling up the sleeve of his tee-shirt on his tattooed arm where a long, white scar traversed his shoulder. I stared at him in disbelief. “That was the last straw for my mom. She was trying to leave him for months and saved up some money. If we went somewhere close by, we knew he’d find us, since he had before. He passed out that night and my mom cleaned up my shoulder. Then we packed everything and left before he woke up. She made us get onto a train to Paris.” A sad smile touched his lips for a millisecond. “Paris was nice, and the hotel we stayed in seemed like a castle back then. After a few weeks in France, my mom booked us flights to the States,” he said, ending his story. I touched his other arm. 
“Boston’s been good to us. Dad never came looking for us over here. I don’t think he believed Ma would take us all the way to the U.S.” He shrugged. 
“People like Bryant should be beaten soundly until they can’t move. I get why he’s pissed; Gemma told me that too. Be careful.” 
I opened my mouth to question where he was going with that, but he stopped me.
“Gemma told me about your dad. However, she doesn’t quite believe we can just be friends.” He let the statement hang in the air between us, like a black cloud hovering over an already depressing conversation. It was official; I had to murder my own twin. Why would she say those things to him? 
“It makes sense now. That’s why you backed away from me at the club. You can’t afford to get close to someone like me.”
“Rhys,” I started, interrupting him. 
“I’m not down on myself. I’m realistic. Your daddy will soon have an eligible bachelor knocking on your door, and before you know it. My past means, you and I don’t work.” 
“You don’t want to even be my friend?” I asked, feeling hurt and upset at the same time. I wanted to argue and tell Rhys we could make it work, but he was right. My dad saw him only once and already disliked him. What could I do to really change or make that different? Nothing. He was trying to save us the headache, and me the heartache.  
“I’m just going to back off a bit,” he said with a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “I’ll let you get settled. Besides, it’s only been a few days,” he joked. “It’s not like we really know each other.”
“Will you…”
“Yes, I will guard your secrets with my life,” he answered, completely serious. The overwhelming urge I had to reach out and touch him hit me again. The last time when we were dancing, we became completely engrossed in each other. If this were some weird way of saying goodbye, I should end it the way I wanted. I took his hand in both of mine. 
“I’m taking yours to the grave,” I replied, staring into the eyes that made my knees weak.
“The offer will always stand; if Bryant even looks at you the wrong way, I will kick his ass,” he promised, resting his other hand over mine.
“Noted. Can I tell you something?” 
“Sure, whatever you want, doll.” I smiled at the nickname. 
“Continue to ignore your calls from Bree forever.” He laughed, easing the tension between us. “I think I might have told her I was cleaning up the trash you couldn’t get rid of.” He continued laughing. 
“If I see her again, I’m getting an earful. Bloody hell.” He shook his head, running a hand through his hair before resting it over the one I was holding again. We sat quietly staring at our joined hands. It was starting to feel a hell of a lot like goodbye. 
He pulled our joined hands back to his mouth and kissed them. “I wish things could be different,” he said, letting our hands drop between us on the bench. Unraveling his hands from mine, he touched my face, and began staring so intently, I felt like he was trying to memorize me. As if he would never see me again. Despite everything he said, we really weren’t going to see each other unless we had to. Rhys would make sure that happened. I could just tell this was it. 
My chest ached of its own accord. All it took was a few days, and I couldn’t picture anything but us together. I wanted to dance with him again. And hear him laugh again. I wanted to be close enough to notice the dark blue speckles in his pale blue eyes. I wanted to be close enough to be enveloped by his scent. That wasn’t going to happen though. 
“Stop that!” he said suddenly. 
“What?” 
“Those sad puppy eyes. You’re breaking my heart.” I tried to laugh, but it sounded forced. 
“Oh damn, Gen,” he said, pulling my face to his, and crushing his mouth on mine. I closed my eyes, taking in every mind-numbingly sweet sensation Rhys awakened in me. My hands slid up his arms, wrapping around his neck. He nipped at my lower lip and I opened my mouth, letting him delve deeper. I had to embrace the only thing I would ever have with him. And experience all the feelings I never felt before in my entire existence. A passion that only he seemed to awaken. A need that began very low in my belly and swelled with each brush of his mouth against mine. 
I don’t know how much time passed before we needed air, but that eventually happened. I looked at him, wanting so badly to tell him that I could make it work, but he was already over it. His eyes seemed hardened, lacking the light I formerly saw in them.
My eyes glazed over again with tears. “Goodbye,” I said, walking away before I broke down in front of him. He stayed there, watching me leave, without even bothering to follow.

 16: “Call Me When You’re Sober” Evanescence 
Rhys

Like the idiot I am, I watched her leave, taking part of me with her. What was I thinking? I stood up, needing to clear my head in the worst way. A quick change and I bolted to the track. A long run would sort everything out. 
As I started my first lap, my thoughts of Genevieve consumed me. Her story, her face, her lips were all I could think about. I didn’t need this. We would both end up hurting in the end so why ruin the happy memories? 
My phone buzzed in my armband. 
“Hello?” 
“Rhys, can you do me a teensy, weensy favor?” Colleen asked, playing that baby sister card too well for her own good. 
“What’s up?” 
“Would you hide Liam’s body if I murdered him?” She yelled the last part, more than likely making sure Liam heard it. I was breathing heavily, but managed to laugh anyway.
“What did he do now?” 
“He hooked up with my roommate! What the hell am I supposed to say to her when he doesn’t call?” That made me stop running. 
“Coll, I can’t fix that, and murder is not the answer. Who will sing at your gigs?” 
“You!” she hastily replied. Oh, she must have been thinking about this. Liam had better watch his back. 
“I’m probably going to have to move when she gets all hysterical because my brother whammed-bammed-and-thank-you-ma’amed her. Why can’t he just keep it in his pants? Don’t I deserve to have some girlfriends?” she protested. 
I understood where Colleen was coming from and it was a welcomed distraction. Colleen had few girlfriends, since she had to bear the cross of being related to Liam and me. Girls simply saw her as a vehicle to get to us. Neither Liam nor I could keep it in our pants long enough for Colleen to make a lasting friend. I knew her frustration.  I was part of her frustration, but I was never as bad as Liam. 
“I’ll think of something; just don’t kill him. You’re too pretty for jail.” 
“One day, that excuse isn’t going to work on me,” Colleen complained. “You okay? You sound huffy.” 
“I was running.” 
“How’s your girl?” she teased, and just like that, Gen was all I could picture. Flawless porcelain skin, and sad, vacant eyes. Get a grip, Rhys.
“Not my girl and I’m done with her,” I replied, resuming a steady pace. 
“What? Already? I didn’t even meet her.” 
“It was never official,” I said, wiping some sweat from my face with my shirt. “Coll, it’s hard to run and talk.” 
“Right, talk to you later.” 
“Later,” I replied before hanging up. 
After four miles, I hoped all thoughts of Gen were out of my head. Walking back to campus, I noticed Bree heading towards my dorm. Fuck!  I ducked, throwing my towel over my head and hoping she wouldn’t recognize me. 
“Rhys!” Bree yelled shrilly. Damn! I kept walking, pretending I didn’t hear her. She called again, only this time louder. I turned around and pulled out my headphones, flashing her a cautious smile. 
“Hi, Bree. Didn’t hear you,” I said, pulling out my silent earbuds for emphasis. She gave me a dark look. 
“Do you know where your phone is?” I pointed to my arm. “Well, this little girl called me,” She huffed, growing irritated with the lack of interest I was paying her.
“You mean Gen?” I asked, trying to bite back a smile. 
“Yes!” She glared at me. Her hair was piled on top of her head, emphasizing the long, narrowness of her face. How could I have ever found her attractive? 
“Oh yeah, she was just taking care of some things for me.” 
She opened her mouth, looking stunned. “ You…what…?” 
“Bye, Bree. I think Gen already relayed my message,” I said, walking past her and hiding a smile. That was too much fun. 
I may have added some pep in my step before bolting to my room, lest Bree find something to throw at me. My phone started ringing as soon as I entered my room. Looking at the screen, I saw it was Bree. I was definitely not answering. I pulled off my sweat-drenched clothes and headed for the shower. 
No sooner had I finished my shower, when my phone rang again. It was a strange, but local number, so I answered it, praying it wasn’t Bree. 
“Hello?” I answered distractedly. 
“Rhys?” A deep male voice asked. 
“This is him.”
“Rhys, wow. I can’t believe I’m speaking to you. It’s been so —”
“Who is this?” I cut him off.
“Your father.” My legs nearly collapsed with those words. He found us. “Are you there? Are you okay?” 
“Don’t call here again!” I snapped, hanging up. Throwing my phone across the room, I stared in disbelief. What did that mean? What would he do now that he found us?  My heart jackhammered in my chest as I rushed across my room when flashes of my mother and Colleen came to mind. Picking up my phone, I instantly started calling them.
After three phone calls, I changed clothes and headed to my house. My family was waiting for me; we needed to work this out quickly. If someone I loved got hurt by this bastard again, there was nowhere he could hide from me. I would definitely kill him. The scared, little boy was long gone. I had grown into an enraged bull, and he painted a target on his back when he flashed his red flag by coming to my city. 
Surprisingly, when I got to my mom’s house, everyone was already there. Liam was yelling into the phone. I paused to make out the words between the f-bombs he was dropping. That had to be our father on the end, all right. 
My mother held Colleen as they watched Liam yelling into his phone. Bob sat next to my mother, with their fingers intertwined. It was a small gesture of support that meant the world to my mother. 
“Liam,” I started, placing my hands on his shoulders. He looked up at me, his blue eyes red with anger.
“He’s not worth it. Tell him we want nothing to do with him! Tell him to leave us alone!” Liam paused as he listened to the stranger on the other end of the line. 
“We want nothing to do with you. Stop calling here, you bastard!” Liam answered before dropping his phone and stepping on it for emphasis. “Damn, guess I need a new phone.” He smiled darkly at that. 
I pulled him in for a one-armed hug. “Relax man, nothing’s going to come of this. We can get a restraining order. We’ll figure it out.” Liam nodded as he walked toward our mother and baby sister. Kneeling before them, he took their hands and kissed them.
“He’s not coming near you. I promise,” Liam started and I nodded in agreement. “Hell will freeze over before he so much as looks at you.” My brother, despite all his efforts to keep people away, is one of the most loyal people I ever met. No matter how many times he screwed with Colleen’s friends, he loves our sister and takes care of her when it counts, like now. We are both fiercely overprotective of Mom and her, but that doesn’t hurt anyone. Colleen’s normal life was primarily because of us; and I would never change that for the world. 
“So, I don’t think we can place a restraining order until he makes contact,” my mother said. “I will go to the police station to confirm that tomorrow.” She looked at Bob, who nodded, his silent consent to go with her. 
Although I was never really close to Bob, I had to respect him. He was there for my ma when she needed him most. He was a good man. 
We talked on end, and eventually decided we should all stay the night at our old home. It was mostly because we were afraid to be apart, but it felt pretty nice to sleep in my old bed, and pretend like our wretched life in Ireland still hadn’t caught up with us.

I expected everything to happen quickly, and awoke the next morning; feeling like it was a regular day. The sun was shining, birds were chirping, people were moving, Colleen and Liam were arguing. Typical day. 
I rolled out of my bed; everyone was home, which was different. My mom was talking about her visit to the police station. Liam was arguing with her, insisting that she be more proactive. Colleen was telling him to shut up and let our mom be a mother. 
Colleen eventually turned to me and whispered that Ma hadn’t filed a restraining order because she didn’t feel unsafe. She also didn’t want our father to feel any animosity if he was truly just trying to reconnect with his children. Finally, it sunk in why Liam was so angry with her. 
“Li, give it a break,” I said, pulling him away. “Let’s go get some lunch and I’ll drive you to your campus.” He shrugged off my grip. 
“How can you think about school with all this shit going on?” Colleen gave me a look suggesting Liam needed a swift kick in the ass. He was stressing out Mom. Grabbing his elbow, I pulled him into the living room. 
“Stop this shit! Ma’s already stressed. Don’t be a dick and add to it.” Liam’s glare said it all. 
“I can do whatever I want,” he snapped, wrenching his arm out of my grasp. 
“Li, just… how about we skip classes, and go grab some lunch to relax before your gig tonight?” When he didn’t answer, I continued. “What’s it going to be?”
“Let’s fucking go,” he grumbled. 
Grabbing his jacket, he walked out. After saying my farewells to the family, I met him outside. I may have slapped his head for being such a royal ass, but I’d never admit that  to Mom. 
 

 17: “Wildest Dreams” Taylor Swift 
Genevieve
The Hamptons. 
It was the exact place I never wanted to be again. Yet, here I was, trapped for the last month, having to endure my parents’ revolving door of social gatherings. Tonight, was the New Year’s Eve Masquerade, my mother’s favorite event, and one that she excitedly planned year after year. She usually teamed up with our local country club and used their ballroom. Mom was very serious about starting every new year on the proper footing. 
Gemma and I spent most of the day dress shopping since I procrastinated until this very morning about finding a gown for the event. We finally made it back to our house, which was too pretentious and hollow to ever feel like a home. This place was all for show. Marble floors, priceless artwork, enormous chandeliers even in my bedroom. It screamed we were rich. Did we really need to flaunt it? Unfortunately, that was the point of the Hamptons. Flaunt whatever you have. In New York, our house was much more modest, homey, and lived in. This place was practically a museum: too big and fancy to ever be called comfortable. 
When we filed up the giant marble staircase, the kind reserved for princesses to make their grand entrances, our rooms were located down one of the long corridors, right across from each other. I went into my room and collapsed on the opulent bed. Gemma came in a few moments later, telling me I had to get a move on. 
She sighed when I didn’t budge from my supine position on top of the comforter. 
“Gen, I get it; you’re still beating yourself up over everything in Boston. Yeah, Bryant will be there.” She crossed her arms frustrated with my lack of movement and huffed already fed up with me. “Yeah, Rhys and you didn’t work out, but guess what? Stop blaming it on things you can’t change. You are Genevieve LaFarve; your parents are loaded, your dad runs a multibillion dollar company, and your twin sister is prettier than you.” I gave her a dark look, but she just smiled sweetly and continued. “But you’ve never let that define you in the past. Stop doing it now. If Rhys can’t handle your family being rich along with your other emotional baggage, then he doesn’t deserve you.” 
I knew she was right. It was ridiculous to still be harping on a guy I hadn’t even dated. It was just one kiss. One perfect kiss. Gemma pulled me into a sitting position, “New year, new you,” she stated, repeating my mom’s favorite phrase on New Year’s Eve. According to her, there was always room for change. The new year meant the chance to become that person you want to be to the world. And also one reason for the importance of the Masquerade Ball every year.
“I’m getting ready,” I replied, standing up. “Thanks for the pep talk.”
“Anytime,” Gemma said with a wink before whirling out of my room in the dramatic fashion that only Gemma and my mom could pull off. I shook my head as she left; this would be a long night!
~~~


“So then I said, is that soy milk?” Clover started laughing hysterically with Margot and Gemma, but I didn’t get it… Was that the punch line to the Starbucks story? What was so funny? Gemma elbowed me when I didn’t at least have a polite fake laugh like her. Clover flipped her blonde hair over her shoulder and gave me a look of irritation.  She hated me. According to Margot, she only tolerated me for Gemma’s benefit. Like I needed the charity of Clover’s niceness. 
“I’m going to do a quick circle and see who else came,” I said, polishing off the rest of my champagne before placing it on a passing waiter’s tray. Clover gave me a quick smirk as I leaned in to speak with her friends. I rolled my eyes and started making my way through the crowd. 
Everyone was elegantly dressed for the black tie affair, and their charming, phony laughter filled the air along with the softly playing string quartet. I wanted to just smile and socialize, but ever since my fallout with Bryant and the Grahams, I was kind of a social pariah. Ironic, how it all got turned around against me in the end. I used to like talking with Margot and Clover, but that was when I had something to contribute to the conversation, such as gossip about Bryant. Without that, the girls deemed me useless and invariably sided with Bryant. 
“You look beautiful,” Bryant said, handing me a full flute of champagne. As soon as I heard the baritone of his voice, I began turning around to walk in the other direction. 
“Gen,” he sighed, catching up to me. 
“What?” I replied, keeping my face relaxed, trying to ignore the anxiety that nearly overcame me. 
“Can we talk?” he asked. His sandy hair was pushed back, making his green eyes even more commanding, along with his mask that only covered one eye. It was black with a white accent. 
“I’d rather not,” I replied, turning around to get lost in the crowd of my parents’ friends and neighbors.
“Gen, I’m sorry.” Well, that’s one way to get my attention. I turned around to really look at him again. He didn’t seem angry; so at least that was a start. His black tux fit him perfectly, and with the two flutes in his hands, he couldn’t touch me, at least. 
“Okay,” I started, “what do you want to talk about?” 
“Well, I apologized,” he started. 
“Yeah, and?” 
“Couldn’t we be friends or something?” I took a step back, to avoid being too close to him.
“I have to think about that.” 
“Well, how long do you need?” 
“Longer than today,” I said as I walked away. This time, he didn’t follow me, much to my relief. I maneuvered my way closer to the dinner table. At least there, I could sit down with a tall glass of wine and forget this night ever happened. 
“Genevieve?” my mother asked, motioning me toward the woman she was speaking to. “This is one of my daughters, Gen.” My mother practically gushed to the woman as she started to count down my accomplishments. I just stood there with a fake smile plastered on my face, and made pleasant conversation alongside my mother for a while. The only reason I managed to escape was for the countdown to midnight. I reached the empty foyer just in time to hear the start of the new year. 
Gemma walked out at the stroke of midnight, like she could sense I had my fill. I guess she was a better twin than I could ever be. 
She handed me another glass. “Happy New Year!” she said, clinking her glass to mine.  
“Here’s to leaving the past behind.” Gemma smiled. 
“Cheers to that.” We sat beside each other, our discussion going back and forth about all the new things we planned to try. I intended to go out. Gemma wanted to cut back on the one-night-stands, and we both planned to be happy. I was just happy to make New Year’s resolutions with my sister. 
Eventually, Gemma and I skipped out on the rest of the party, but not before absconding with a bottle of champagne to ourselves. We hid out in her room, drinking straight from the bottle and attempting to play hilarious dance games on our Wii. I don’t think that I laughed so hard with Gemma ever. We were always on opposing sides, and for the first time in my life, I felt like she was totally on my side. 
After we spilled the last few drops of champagne on the floor, I almost slipped, and we decided to call it a night. I couldn’t make it back to my room, thanks to my spinning head. We both collapsed into Gemma’s monstrous bed, already in our pajamas so we could dance. 
“You’re going to stay this way,” Gemma announced before breaking into a fit of giggles. I don’t remember what was funny, or what she even said; so I just laughed along with her. When it was hard to breathe, and tears began blurring our vision, we finally settled down. 
“I’m ready to go; what about you?” I asked. 
“Can we go back early?” she complained. 
“We should look for apartments next year,” I mentioned as I sat up. The room stopped its carousel ride, and I was starting to feel awake, but there was so much I still wanted to say. 
“That’s brill… iant,” Gemma said with a yawn. “Now, just remember that tomorrow in the middle of your hangover,” she added as she turned over and fell asleep quite easily. I stayed awake much longer. Alcohol was not helping me pass out; it made me feel like I could come up with the solution to world peace. Bryant’s apology lingered for a moment in my memory before I pushed it away, not wanting to even ponder it until I was sober. I turned over; I had to stop overanalyzing before everything went full circle. 
Damn, there it was. Rhys. Haunting my thoughts, yet again. Shutting my eyes, I repeated the words I said to Gemma, I’m leaving the past behind.  I ignored the way my brain vividly captured his face: those ice-blue eyes, that long, narrow nose, the sharp jaw, and brown hair that he always seemed to be pushing out of his eyes. I didn’t need to remembeer any of that anymore. He was the past; and I intended to leave the past behind. 


 


118: “Ready to Start” Arcade Fire
Four Months Later…
Rhys 

“You need to leave, Randi,” I said, standing up and walking to my bathroom.
“That’s all? After what we just did?” she huffed. “Do you want my number?” She tried following me. She just looked pathetic, walking around in my tee-shirt, which she picked up off the floor.
“Did I ask for it?” I snapped, slamming the door in her face. 
I heard her stomping her feet in a childish temper tantrum. Ignoring the theatrics, I turned on the shower. Randi was the last thing I needed to deal with. There was so much on my plate already; another crazy was not part of the order. What was I thinking by bringing that girl back here? Oh yeah, I wasn’t. Liam and Colt wanted to go out, and of course, Liam located the skankiest girls in the entire club in seconds. I swear, I think he has a super power. Tonight, Coll and he expected me to go to their gig.  I still felt drunk from last night; how could I get through class today? Damn! And it was the first week of the new semester. Man, I knew Liam wanted to deal with Dad being in town, but my liver wasn’t made for that. Granted, Colt and I were the only ones drinking. Liam was stone cold sober, looking miserable for a few moments of distraction. Nothing resulted from our dad’s call. He couldn’t call Liam anymore after he smashed his phone. He changed his number. 
My father called me again, but I just ignored it. Colleen denied any contact with him at all, which I still found hard to believe, but why would she lie?
Going through the motions, I got out of the shower and popped two Advil. I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked out of the bathroom into blessed silence. She was gone. 
I looked over my schedule, noting my classes and locations. I had class in an hour, some bogus Gen-Ed. What-fucking-ever.
Changing quickly, I rushed around, knowing I needed some coffee and food before I face planted in class with my hangover from hell. 
I ran out of the door with my backpack and key in hand. There was a line at the bagel shop, and I grumbled to myself. I was never very pleasant without caffeine, but it felt worse today. 
All of winter break was like that. I needed to learn how to say no to Liam and stay home to get some frigging sleep. 
The girl in front of me was on the phone and I inwardly rolled my eyes. It was Gemma. Damn it, I felt too shitty to think about Gen right about now. Gemma hung up and turned around to smile brightly at me. 
“Hi, Rhys, how was your vacation?”
“Good,” I shrugged. “Yours?”
“Oh, it was a blast! We had Christmas in the Hamptons. We do that every year, but it was actually fun this year.” She looked at me curiously, “Are you hung over?” 
“No,” I snapped and she smiled. 
“Oh, yes you are!” she teased before the smile fell from her face. “Hi, Gen.” Gemma said as she turned back to me. “Do you mind?” Again, I shrugged and Gen got in front of me. 
Gen looked at me for a long moment. I hated seeing her around. It brought me back to four months ago when I watched her walk out of my life without doing anything like the sorry piece of shit I am.  I still couldn’t forget about her, although I tried. Maybe that was the reason I got shit-faced. Not because of my daddy issues after all. Nope, I needed to stop that train before it ran off the tracks. No, if I were honest with myself, I’m sure it was a nice mix of both problems fucking me over all winter. 
“Hi, Rhys,” she said softly. I nodded and she turned around. That was about all the interaction we ever had. Every time I was an ass to her, I wanted to bang my head into a wall and say man up, but there was no point. We were a lost cause. 
Eventually, I escaped with an extra large coffee and bagel in hand. 
I found my class and devoured my food on the way. Humanities credits were supposed to be easy; and I took Spanish in high school. Hopefully, I probably remembered something.
“Is this seat taken?” someone asked from beside me and I shook my head. I was too focused on my stupid ass mistakes. The scent of springtime hit me all at once, and I looked over to find Gen sitting beside me. Her head down, she was fully concentrating on the muffin she was picking at. 
“How’s it going?” I asked. She didn’t answer immediately. I seriously ached for her to look at me without seeing her brown eyes pinched with hurt. 
She shrugged. “You’re going to talk to me now?” she asked softly, but I felt the sting. “I thought we would just go on like we were,” she said, stuffing a big piece of her breakfast into her mouth.
“Gen, I…” Where did I even start? I handled it all wrong. That kiss was a mistake. Yeah, a huge mistake. It made me want things I couldn’t have. Seeing Gen, hell, seeing Gemma, was a reminder of that.  It was a taunt: no matter what I did, I’d never be good enough for her. The worst of it was: how could I knowingly bring her into my fucked-up life when she had her own problems?  “I’m sorry for being an ass. You deserve better.” 
She blinked, blinding me with the intensity of her big, bright, golden eyes. “I don’t deserve anything,” she huffed, still sounding pissed. What could I do now?
Class started and she didn’t talk to me during the rest of it, but I caught the bobbing foot. Having watched Colleen as a teen, I knew she was fuming on the inside, although I had no clue why. I apologized. Isn’t that what girls wanted? I fucking apologized and she was still pissed! I quit!
Walking out of class, I ignored the feeling that I didn’t register a single word of the lesson.
My phone buzzed. “Hello!” I snapped. 
“Great to talk to you too, bro.” 
“Li, I’m not in the mood.”
“Just checking to see if you’re coming tonight.”
“Like I’d miss a show?”
“You know, sometimes, I really think you are a good brother; and other times, I have to question if you only go to bag the chicks.” He was teasing me, trying to get me to tell him why I was acting so pissy.
“Li,” I warned. 
“Fine, I’ll drop it, but I’m going to warn you now. Coll is knee-deep in her new relationship psychology class. She’s going to start psychoanalyzing your crappy mood if you show up like that.” 
I rolled my eyes. Colleen was a psychology major and we were all suffering for it. I swear, she was watching everything Liam and I did, placing it to one theory or another until it was ridiculous. Over winter break, she insisted that my increased alcoholism and partying with Liam were a direct result of the time I spent with Genevieve, and not anything to do with our dad. Colleen liked to avoid conversation about our father too, so maybe that was why she did it. She was wrong about Gen and me, though. I was over Gen, we weren’t going to happen. I told that to Colleen, and she said, “Interesting… tell me more.” She turned into freaking Freud after only one class! We were all nervous with anticipation of what a couple more classes could do to her. 
“Dude, she’s already psychoanalyzing why I can’t be in a relationship. I’m not gonna lie; you might have to come back as the drummer if I kill her.” 
“Liam!” I admonished. Liam and Colleen butted heads all the time about everything. It was a miracle they even survived childhood.
“I know, I know. Relax, Rhys, I’m not serious. You want me to pick you up? Or are you driving yourself?” 
“I’ll drive. Don’t worry about me.” 
“Okay, man, see you tonight. I’m so pumped about this place.” I smiled; he should’ve been. They had a gig at this upscale bar, paying them double what their usual gigs were, and it was tonight, so they added an extra day to their set list this week.
“See ya tonight,” I said, hanging up the phone.  
Now all I had to do was find something to occupy my time until then. I had no trouble distracting myself when I was with Liam or the guys. Trouble only happened when there was nothing to do. My few days on front desk duty turned into torture over winter break. Normally, I’d catch up on homework, TV, or just people-watch. All of those activities were not distracting enough anymore. My thoughts always turned to something I preferred not to think about. It was something that weighed me down more than any other burden ever could.
Walking past the gym, I decided that would be the best way to clear my head. After my first encounter with Gen at the track, and my run-in with Bree, I avoided the track altogether like the plague. There was too much bad luck surrounding it. I didn’t even walk near it until today. I normally liked running in the cold too; it hurt more, but I remained locked in the gym since September, hoping to avoid the LaFarve sisters. So far, it was going well. No sign of either of them, but it was a surprisingly warm fall. It hadn’t snowed in two weeks and stayed in the mid thirties all of last week. There was a clear path on the track, I noted as I walked past. I could run the track and just not stop if I saw her. 
I could manage that. I couldn’t avoid doing all the things I enjoyed just because I thought Gen would be there. I was tougher than that; and one little girl couldn’t scare me away. Damn! Is that a backbone? It only took me four months to grow. 

19: “That’s What Makes You Beautiful” One Direction
Genevieve

“Everybody, everybody, rock your body…Everybody…” Gemma sang as she got ready to go out. It was only Thursday, but that didn’t matter to Gemma.  She was in front of her mirror, putting on enough makeup for a clown. 
“Can we please turn off the Backstreet Boys?” I huffed, pulling my pillow over my head. 
“You know it’s my process,” she answered, not even bothering to move from the large mirror over our sink. It was the eighth BSB song I had been subjected to, and I was starting to lose it. 
“Gem, it’s Thursday. Stay in with me,” I tried again. 
“No, Gen, you’ve been holed up in this room too long; you need to get out. You can’t just avoid having a college experience because you’re bummed about Rhys... again.”
“I’m not bummed about Rhys!” I railed defensively. 
She gave me a look that said she wasn’t buying it. “I was there this morning. You are still bummed about Rhys. God, you got over Bryant faster than Rhys. Remember your promise.”
“I never liked Bryant,” I argued, ignoring the last bit of her comment. Gemma shrugged, it was all the same to her. She didn’t understand. She walked to her laptop and changed the song. 
“Ugh,” I groaned. Gemma was a boy band fanatic, but her all-time favorite band was the Backstreet Boys. She’d seen them in concert twelve times. It was that bad. 
She came toward me with a wide smile on her face. “And that’s what makes you beautiful…” She started to sing, trying to drive me crazy. One Direction was a new addition to her music playlist. She bounced onto my bed, playing air guitar. Do not laugh… do not laugh… Ah, hell.
“Okay… okay… I’ll go!” I rasped between laughs. 
She got out of my bed and straightened her dress, saying, “Good,” before she turned around to get ready. I sighed and left the cozy comfort of my bed. I knew Gemma was right; I told her to be hard on me this semester. I couldn’t hide in my room any longer. 
“You know this is the start of an amazing semester,” she said, messing with her computer again, and utilizing her amateur DJ skills. 
Sifting through my closet, I bounced around, listening to One Direction. Okay, they were kind of catchy. 
I pulled out a dress that still had the price tags on it. Gemma talked me into buying the silver dress over break. I didn’t think I’d wear it, but she insisted this semester I needed it. I was banned from moping. 
While I changed, I heard a knock on the door and perked up when I recognized Ella and Kennedy’s voices. I smiled, coming out of the bathroom. 
“Finally!” Kennedy screeched excitedly. Kennedy was Ella’s neighbor and shared a few classes with Gemma and me. She was fun, sweet, and a little more reserved when it came to guys at clubs, unlike Gemma and Ella. When the two of them had enough drinks inside them, they’d go home with anything. And I do mean anything.  Thankfully, Gemma lived with me; and I vetoed any conquests that Kennedy couldn’t talk her out of bringing back to our room. Ella wasn’t as fortunate; and usually had a bad case of late night regrets. 
“I know. I caved.” Kennedy and Ella hugged me and started talking excitedly about the place we were going to. It was some new, upscale, trendy club that we just had to check out. 
“I just can’t wait to get my mind off all things MMRD. You know, every time I wanted to go somewhere last semester, they were playing. Why did they play at all the coolest places?” Ella went on. Gemma complained until I let her do my hair; and I finished my own makeup. I drove, knowing I could trust myself to stay sober enough to drive back later. 
Kennedy flipped her brown hair over her shoulder and hopped into the back. “Nice car, girlfriend,” she said, leaning forward between the seats. Kennedy was Ella’s neighbor and happened to be one of the most honest people I had ever met especially when you didn’t want to hear it.
“Thanks,” I replied, backing out of my spot and heading to the club. Ella rambled off terrible directions, and got distracted by everything. She was fun, and always seemed to know what was going on around school and in Boston. It was why we stayed friends, even though I could have lived my entire life without ever hearing about Liam or MMRD ever again. 
Pulling up to Club Evolve, Gemma whistled softly. We noted the line was wrapping around the club. 
“Like hell we are waiting in that! It’s freezing outside!” Ella said, getting out of the car and walking straight to the front of the line. We followed, doubting she’d get away with that here. Other places, yeah, but not here; the place was packed. 
“Hey, sexy!” she said, winking at the bouncer. The monstrosity of a man looked her up and down, and then looked over the rest of us. He pulled the velvet rope away amongst a roar of angry onlookers. I looked at Kennedy, who grabbed my arm, and shrugged, only too happy to reap the benefits from Ella’s ballsiness. 
“That was easy,” Ella said with a satisfied smile. 
“I think we owe you drinks for that,” Gemma agreed, making her way to the bar. 
I was totally on board for that. 
Gemma leaned forward on the bar, putting her cleavage on display for the benefit of the male bartender. 
“Four lemon drops, and four rum and Cokes.” He looked us over, doubting we were twenty-one, but we had our bracelets on to prove we were of age, at least for tonight. Gemma paid and handed out the drinks. We took the shots quickly. 
“This is going to be so fun,” Kennedy giggled as she gulped down her lemon drop. 
“Let’s dance!” Gemma said, eagerly taking my hand. 
“’Ello, love.” I closed my eyes, resisting the urge to turn around, but Liam never went away that easily. His arms wrapped around me as he pulled Gemma to him too. 
She was ready to snap before she recognized him and stopped fighting. 
“Gen, you never told me you had a sister,” Liam said, laying the accent on heavier.
“Twin, actually,” I replied, throwing his arm off me. “Can you lose the cheesy accent?” Gemma looked at me curiously for a moment. 
“Ah, she wants me to cut the crap,” he said without a hint of an accent. Ella was already turning an ugly shade of red to match her hair the longer Liam ignored her. “What’s your name, beautiful?” he asked, addressing my sister. 
“Gemma,” she answered, still wrapped up in those deadly baby blues of his. They seemed to be glowing, along with the stripe of blue hair he wore the hell out of. Yeah, Liam was like one of those deep ocean anglerfish, the kind that lure their prey with bioluminescence. 
“So, Gemma,” he started doing naughty things to her name. “How about you and Gen, come home with me tonight?” Oh… he was dead. 
She snapped out of his hypnotic charisma with a scowl firmly etched on her face. “How dare you! We are people, damn it!” she exclaimed with a shove before throwing her drink at him. “Just because we’re twins doesn’t mean it’s buy one, get one free! Ass wipe!” she huffed, walking away with Ella close behind. Kennedy stayed with me, looking stunned that Gemma actually did that. 
“So Gemma is the sister with the temper?” Liam asked, and I shrugged, biting back a laugh. “Laugh it up; I have to go on stage like this!” he grumbled. 
“That’s what you get for treating girls like trash,” I teased with a playful wink. I took Kennedy’s hand and bolted before he tried to take his revenge. 
Gemma and Ella were still fuming when we found them. “I can’t believe he is related to Rhys. How could they even belong to the same gene pool?” she whined as she took a long pull of her newly acquired drink. 
Kennedy tried to alleviate the stress by talking about MMRD’s upcoming performance and Ella started in. Liam and she had messed around a few times, and then he started ignoring her like she grew an extra head. It was his loss. I scanned the room, trying to figure out where they would perform, when I saw Rhys. Yup, he was walking our way too. This would be an excellent time for a pause button, but unfortunately, those didn’t exist in real life. I chugged half of my drink and Ella looked up to see what was wrong with me. 
“If it’s not one Moore, it’s the other,” she grumbled, polishing off her drink and walking off with Gemma to order another round. I tried to look for an escape, but Kennedy held me in place. 
“Face your demons.” she insisted. That was easier said than done. I didn’t see her sticking her neck out there to meet some elusively perfect guy. Why did I have to risk it? 
“I saw what happened to Liam,” he said with a deadly smirk on his face. I tried to look impassive, since he upset me earlier, but we were just friends. I hated when people thought I was naturally better than they were. I was just a person, same as them. There was nothing different about me; but to Rhys, we might as well have been from different planets.
“Gemma is special like that,” I said, focusing on the ice in my cup instead of on Rhys. 
“I’m Kennedy.” My friend beamed as she shook Rhys’s hand and he introduced himself. “I’m going to check on Gemma and Ella,” Kennedy said to me. She hip-checked me as she passed by, warning me to play nice. 
“You always make the most interesting friends.”
“I have a knack for it. People love me,” I said, trying for a joke, but sounding forced to both of us. 
“Haven’t seen you out in a while,” he started, trying to make an awkward situation better. 
“Been around,” I answered, downing the remainder of my drink.
“Want a refill?” I opened my mouth to talk, but was interrupted by Liam’s appearance on stage. Instead, I nodded, and we walked to the bar in silence. I stopped at the bar and he stood beside me, leaning close to my ear. “I missed seeing you.” 
My mouth dried up worse than the Sahara. 
“Don’t do this,” I begged, unable to meet those soul-searing eyes. His hand slid down my arm, making me shiver. He was sending all kinds of mixed signals. The smart part of me insisted that I run, but the rest of me just refused to listen when Rhys got so close. 
“Just one dance?” he asked. I looked up at his expectant expression, almost like he needed me to say yes. I took the drink the bartender offered me and walked onto the dance floor with Rhys, knowing I would have an impossible time recovering from it.

20: “Boom Clap” Charli XCX
Genevieve

What was I doing? Asking for trouble. One moment with Rhys would surely derail all the progress I made last semester. I liked him. Okay, I admitted it! I liked him enough to believe I could even change what my dad thought of him. Enough to believe that he could overlook all my flaws. That was clearly my imagination gone wild. Rhys was like every other guy. He wasn’t looking for anything serious. He avoided commitment like he avoided me all of last semester. Yet, here I was, still battling my feelings. Here I was, still trying to interpret all of his conflicting signals.
I followed him, my hand in his, feeling very small. He turned when he found some space, and his eyes smoldered with something I couldn’t quite place. His arm was covered in tattoos, and I imagined analyzing and dissembling every picture before it started coming to life, going around my waist and pulling me closer. He smelled dark and forbidden, or else my mind was already getting drunk off the little contact I had with Rhys. Clouding my judgment seemed to be his personal specialty. 
He didn’t say anything, but devoured me with his eyes. I felt his head ducking down to get closer to me. He kissed my neck and I got that feeling of deja vu.  This time, I didn’t want to stop. I didn’t run away; I never knew what I could get from Rhys. I didn’t want to ruin the moment. His mouth traveled higher, kissing my jaw, and I sucked in a breath, hoping he’d continue. 
The music stopped. The song ended. Damn Liam. 
“Tonight’s next cover is dedicated to the feisty, little blonde that allowed me to wear her drink on stage tonight,” Liam said with his charmingly fake accent. The band started to play a rocked out version of Selena Gomez’s “Come and Get It.” 
I looked back at Rhys who seemed to snap out of the fog he was previously in. 
He shook his head, disappointed. I wasn’t sure if it was with Liam, or himself. “I have to go,” he said.
“Are you going to ignore me again for the rest of the semester?” I snipped. How could I be dumb enough to fall for that again?
He stopped, turning around slowly, “I never meant to…” He gave up trying to figure out what the hell he needed to apologize for. Taking my hand, he sighed, sounding frustrated. “No, I’m not going to ignore you.” He kissed my hand, but seemed to think better of it. He pulled me into his arms and kissed the hell out of me. 
Let’s just say, every time I thought about our last kiss, I thought I imagined a fire that coursed through my veins whenever his mouth was on mine. It was true, even more so now. I didn’t imagine a thing. Rhys was just that damn good.
“This semester is going to be different,” he replied gruffly, pulling away and getting lost in the crowd. 
Yup, this was my new favorite song, I thought as I made my way back to the girls. Gemma had a telltale smirk on her face, conveying that she saw exactly where I was. 
“So that crush is all over?” Gemma asked knowingly. 
“Oh shut up.” I shoved her and she laughed. 




Rhys

I waited backstage, catching my breath. I needed to clear my head. And kick Liam’s ass. And focus again on staying away from Gen. What was I thinking? 
Liam came off stage, yelling. He was the only person I knew who naturally got high off other people’s attention. That’s probably why he was so dedicated to the band. He described it as the best roller coaster ride he’d ever been on. I never understood it.
“Leave Gemma alone!” I demanded. 
Liam looked at me, instantly losing the shit-eating grin. “Damn, you call that one too?” 
“No, but I know you. Leave her alone.” Liam bit down on his lip and started to protest when Colleen interrupted. Her newly dyed green hair only added to the ridiculousness of the situation. 
“So Rhys, did you hear Liam? He found himself a crush too,” Coll teased, leaning on Liam’s shoulders. Liam pushed her off his shoulders and she laughed while dodging his attacks. 
“Don’t you have anyone else to bother?” 
I covered my mouth to hide my laughter as they angrily slapped each other like bickering seven-year-olds. 
“I don’t like her. She was just who I wanted to take home tonight. Coll, you know me.”
“And I wish I didn’t,” she replied with a look of disgust on her face. 
“I think I’m with Coll on this. Since when do you dedicate songs to girls? I thought there were too many fish in the sea for that.” Liam looked peeved. 
“Really, Rhys,” he countered, very annoyed. 
Trent, the guitar player, leaned over and whispered something into Colleen’s ear. She blushed and nodded before walking away from us with Trent. 
“Li, what was that?” I asked, regarding the more pressing matter of my baby sister’s wandering eyes.
He shook his head, not even wanting to get into it. “I already talked to Trent. You know, Coll just has a little crush.”
“And?”
“And Trent knows he will get his ass kicked if he so much as looks at my baby sister wrong.” I threw an arm over his shoulders. 
“Good.” 
“So what’s all this shit Colleen is talking about?” 
“Man, come on. I just wanted to fuck with her. She hates me.”
“Damn, maybe all that psychology is working for Coll.”
“Hell, no.” I laughed; it sounded like Colleen was spot on. 
“Can we pick up some girls before I lose my stage buzz?” 
“Not tonight,” I said, pulling away. I had no intention of going home with anyone tonight. I wanted to change. If I wanted my chance with Genevieve, I needed to get my shit together. I needed to get my head out of my ass and commit. No more back and forth with will I or won’t I with Gen. I was all in because that kiss meant something and no amount of running away seemed to change it. 
“Dude, but—”
“Rhys!” Gen called, coming up to us. I wrapped an arm around her waist and Liam’s face lit up. 
“Right, I get it now,” he whispered to me as he turned to Gen. “How’s it going, love?” 
“Great! You were awesome tonight!” she gushed, completely out of character; but since she was wrapped up in my arms, I knew she had to be as happy as I was. I looked around for her girlfriends, who were still dancing, and ignoring Gen’s absence. 
I turned around to listen to Gen and Liam going back and forth. Colleen joined in with a knowing smile. Gen introduced herself. 
“Wow, who knew I’d be getting a meet-and-greet with the band?” Gen said to me as Colt and Trent came and introduced themselves too. Eventually, I noticed Kennedy making her way over, dragging Ella and Gemma behind her. 
“Hey, Gen, we’re getting ready to go. Ready?” Gen looked at me, somewhat torn. 
“Um, yeah, let’s go.” She didn’t move though. “It was great meeting all of you,” Gen added before pulling my arm away from her. 
“See you tomorrow?” I asked. She brightened and nodded. I kissed her cheek, knowing how much shit I would get for this. Yeah, the chorus of cat calls from the band is what every girl wants to hear. I flashed the finger to shut them up. 
“Bye,” Gen smiled, leaving with her friends.
“Dude, did you really just let that walk away?” Colt asked, giving me more shit than Liam ever could. 
“She’s off limits,” Liam said, trying to shut Colton up, but Colton and Liam shared a lot of the same characteristics: pretty boys with no filters. There seemed to be an overabundance of them in my life. 
Colleen hit Colt’s head with her drum stick. “Pig!” she grumbled. “I wish you guys would remember I’m a girl and not talk about us like we aren’t even people.”
 Trent said something to her that I didn’t quite hear, but Liam did. 
“Watch it, dude,” Trent shrugged. He was the strong, quiet type. He and I got along the best in the group. Liam was all about the limelight. Colt was all about the perks, but Trent was really in it for the music. Never one to walk away with a different woman every night, he usually cleaned up and helped Colleen with her drum set. He was probably the only one that treated Colleen the way she deserved. For that, I tried not to give him any shit. He was also my best friend, and I trusted him more than I trusted Liam or anyone for that matter. 
“So you meeting her later?” Colt asked, throwing an arm over my shoulder as he chugged his beer. 
“Nah, man. Gen’s different.” 
“Oh? That was the Gen?” he asked as a wide ass smile brightened his face, pulling at his lip ring. Colt liked piercings and seemed to add more every year. Ears, lips, eyebrows, and God knows what else.
“I’m leaving. That was great, guys. See ya tomorrow,” I said, heading back home for once, and not regretting what I was about to do. 


 21: “Crazy” Kat Dahlia
Genevieve

I woke up feeling like I could walk on clouds. Gemma took one look at me and was not ready to deal with my unconcealed optimism. 
“I hate when you look like that,” she grumbled, putting her head under her pillow.
“Like what?” I asked, the smile on my face never faltering.
“Like you are the happiest person on the planet,” she complained. I continued drinking my coffee while ignoring her grumpiness. She was just upset at being hung over. 
A knock on the door had me hopping out of bed excitedly. Yesterday was perfect and I was hoping today would be just as good. 
Rhys was at my door. His face looked every bit as handsome as I remembered from less than twenty-four hours ago. Yup, I was sunk. Oh, well! “Hi.” 
I ignored Gemma’s groan. “Hi,” I replied. He handed me an envelope, smiling, and told me to open it. I did. 
Inside were two tickets to the House of Blues Festival next week. “Seriously?”
“Music is a big part of my life. It’s about time I shared some things with you besides my impeccable makeout skills.” I nodded, perhaps a little too eagerly, and stepped back as I tried to rein in the hot mess he was making of me. “Will you go with me?” 
“Hell, yes!” I replied, hugging him.
“Don’t act excited or anything,” he teased. I pulled away and we walked out of my room before Gemma threw a shoe at me and told me to shut up. 
I knew last night was special, but seeing how hard Rhys was trying now too, made me feel like all the pieces were falling into place. Who remembered the fall semester anyway? 
Rhys and I walked around campus until he had to leave for his first class. We fell into a comfortable routine, bantering back and forth, like nothing ever got in the way. It was so easy to talk to him. He made me laugh, and quite frankly, that wasn’t an easy feat. 
As I made my way back to my room, I saw Bryant for the first time this semester. He ignored me like he had since the last time I saw him, after New Year’s. We were over. I didn’t want anything to do with him; and he wanted nothing to do with me for the most part.
Opening my door, I heard Gemma on the phone. 
“Yes, Mom. Oh, here’s Gen now,” Gemma said, handing me the phone. She rolled her eyes and went back to brushing her hair. 
“Hi, Mom.”
“Hey, princess,” she chimed in that sweet voice of hers. “Your father and I are planning a weekend to come visit again. What date works for you?”
I thought about my date with Rhys next weekend. “How about this weekend?” I suggested, ignoring the dirty look Gemma gave me. 
“Really?”
“Yeah, school hasn’t actually taken off yet. It’s the perfect time.” 
“Oh great! I’ll talk to your father and make definite arrangements. You sound really happy, sweetie.”
“Thanks, Mom. Do you want to talk to Gemma again?” 
“Of course,” she answered like I shouldn’t have asked. 
Gemma took the phone and started talking about a new purse that my mother saw  God-knows-where. I tuned them out, knowing I could never keep up with all that fashion sense. Gemma hung up and said, “Sooo,” dragging it out for me.
“So?”
“Are you going to tell them about Rhys?”
I laughed, “Yeah, so Dad can kill me?” 
“Good. Wait until it’s serious.”
“You agree with me?” I asked, confused. 
“Yeah, we know how Daddy feels. Don’t want to get him angry at the start of every semester.” I looked over at my twin. When did she become the logical one?
“Yeah, I totally agree.” She turned away from the mirror. 
“Don’t act so surprised. You agree with me once in a while.” I laughed. 
“I guess you’re right.” 
“We have dinner with the girls tonight and you better tell everyone that Rhys asked you on an official date.”
“How did you know?”
“I’m not stupid. I heard him. You’ve got yourself a sexy Irishman,” she teased, making me blush about ten different shades. Gemma didn’t press for more details as I sat in bed, still thinking about my morning with Rhys. I wasn’t sure what changed, but if the stars were finally in proper alignment, I wasn’t about to complain. 
“You know, I think it would drive Liam crazy if…”
“I don’t like Liam!” Gemma shouted angrily. Her face, for once, was completely serious like I’d never seen her look before.
I raised my hands in placation. “Colt, the bassist, is hot. Did you see that lip ring? That’d be fun—” 
“Yeah, because I want to be one of their groupie whores?” Gemma answered sarcastically before covering her mouth. “Remind me not to say that in front of Ella.” 
“Duly noted.” I laughed. 
“Let’s go to class,” she said, waving me on. College had been good to Gemma so far. I thought sharing a room with her would have been torture. We never had to at home and still, we seemed to always be at each other’s throats. College was different. Gemma still fooled around a little more than I was comfortable with, but we respected each other more. We got along better. For the first time in eighteen years, I felt like we were on the same page; and our relationship finally resembled something healthy and happy. It also helped that Gemma was keeping her resolution; and hadn’t even attempted to bring back a guy since we returned.
Gemma told me about her plans with Kennedy and Ella tonight. I told her I wasn’t in the mood to go out, and she rolled her eyes knowingly. At least, I didn’t have to explain. I just wanted to take a breather once in a while. I wasn’t sure how Gemma and Ella went so long without any breaks. They were the living definitions of party girls. Someday, I hoped they would grow out of it. Gem and Ella were too pretty to fool around with different guys so often. Okay, maybe I just wanted them to settle down so they wouldn’t drag me along with them, but that was just wishful thinking.
The day seemed to fly by. As I ate dinner with the girls, Kennedy pushed a little more for me to go out, but when I promised I’d go with them tomorrow, I was in the clear. I just needed a day in bed to recover. 
The girls left around ten and I turned on my Netflix, getting ready to catch up on the last season of The Vampire Diaries. It was lame to already be dressed in my pajamas, but I was the predictable twin, and I liked that. 
My phone buzzed, and Gemma sent me a selfie of them at the club. They were having fun at least. My phone buzzed again. 
What does someone do when they don’t go out? Rhys texted.
Watch Vampire Diaries?
Kidding, right?
Serious as a funeral. 
I guess I’m just gonna have to join you, he replied and I jumped out of bed, nearly freaking out. I needed to change into something quick, so I didn’t look like a ten-year-old in oversized pajamas.
A knock sounded on my door just as I was buttoning my jeans. 
Rhys was smiling, “It’s been a while since I wasn’t on desk duty, or getting hammered with the guys.” 
“You’re always welcome to join me in my boring rituals,” I shrugged, letting him into the room. He walked in and fell back onto the futon like he belonged there. 
“I brought a treat,” he said, pulling out a package of popcorn. I threw it in the microwave and sat beside him, leaving space between us. I didn’t want to assume he was here for anything, and we hadn’t been on a date yet to say we were official. This could just be friendly, for all I knew. 
“What’s going on in that pretty little head of yours?” he asked, pulling me closer to him and narrowing the gap I made. 
“Just thinking about you,” I answered honestly.
“Even though I’m here?” he asked with that crooked, sexy smile. 
“Yes.” I looked at my hands resting on my lap.
“But it’s not good things?” The smile fell from his face as he spoke.
 “What’s different?” He looked up, then back at me. 
“I’ve wasted four months. I like you. You like me. Screw everything else.” I smiled. 
“You weren’t saying that four months ago,” I countered.
“I was an idiot four months ago. I’m done with the torture.  I want to stop with the what ifs and know for sure. It’s time I just live my life and stop running.” 
I nodded, agreeing with him. “Your girls won’t mind?” I asked and he laughed. 
“Oh, sure, they’ll mind, but that’s too damn bad,” he said, facing me and looking completely serious. 
“You’re really not going to…” He kissed me. 
“No, I’ve got what I want.” He kissed my forehead. “Don’t need anything else,” he continued before giving me another mind-altering kiss. We forgot about the popcorn and I pulled him on top of me, needing more of him than I was presently getting. He groaned, but followed my lead. His mouth lowered until he could place sweet kisses down my neck and chest.
“You’re so beautiful,” he whispered against my skin. His hands were restlessly sliding up and down my body. My hands disappeared into the strands of his hair. He sat up to catch his breath. “I swear, that’s not why I’m here.” He laughed. I smiled, throwing a leg over his side to straddle him. 
“Damn, I guess I didn’t get that memo,” I said, kissing him again.  

22: “Kiss Me” Ed Sheeran
Rhys

I don’t think I was happier to make out with a girl since the age of fourteen. Gen did that to me. I really went there to talk to her, and we did talk, but only after a long drawn-out lip-lock. I wasn’t arguing. I couldn’t get enough of her; everything about her was more enticing than the last thing I discovered.
 We eventually ate popcorn and talked about a million different things, including her obsession with all things vampire, and my growing desire to just watch her do anything. It was easy with Gen; she didn’t seem to think too long about what I said, and just let me say it. No corrections, or disappointed looks. She knew I was a man whore and she just dealt with it. Never complaining, or begging me to promise something I wasn’t sure I could give her. For Gen, I would make sacrifices, of course.  Believe me, many had tried, but failed to do what Genevieve achieved in a matter of days. 
Funny, how the girl you really want to make all those promises to doesn’t push you. She was watching The Vampire Diaries like it wasn’t an oversexed soap opera. I shifted and she looked up, her golden eyes enticing me to get back to what we were doing before she turned the damn TV on. How long could I watch Elena going back and forth between Damon and Stefan?
“Thanks, Rhys. I like when we get to just be…” Her soft blush was testing all my self control.
“And what does that mean?” I teased. 
She leaned forward. “Don’t tell Gemma, but I like staying in and watching TV like a couch potato.” I laughed. “I’m serious,” she emphasized.
“Well, you look pretty damn sexy in those jeans.” She rolled her eyes. 
“You sound like Liam when you talk like that,” she teased, turning to face me. 
“Ouch!” I replied, only mildly offended. Liam’s asshole comments had to come from someone. I just didn’t take it to the degree he did. She snuggled closer to me. 
“Don’t look so hurt. I might have to maul you,” she said, kissing my cheek. I kissed her, trying to see if makeout session number two would be just as good as the first, when her door flew open. Gemma stumbled in with a guy following close behind her. She looked drunk off her ass. 
Gen shot up off the futon.
“Gemma?” she snapped. 
“Rhys!” Gemma shrieked, stumbling towards us. “Rhys, meet…” She turned to look at the guy at the door. “Wait, what’s your name again?” she asked. 
“Out! Bye, random dude!” Genevieve shoved the inebriated stranger out of her room. 
Gemma looked like she was about to cry. She stomped her feet and snapped at Gen, saying, “You never let me have fun, Gen. He’s cute!”
“You don’t even know his name. He fails the test,” Gen said before slamming the door in the sorry guy’s face. 
“I know Rhys’s name,” Gemma retorted, looking at me as I sat up. I wasn’t touching that comment with a ten-foot pole. 
“That’s my cue to leave,” I said, standing and making my way to Gen. 
“We’d have fun, Rhys,” Gemma tried, but being so drunk, she wasn’t sexy. She almost fell over onto her bed as she tried to kick off her heels.
Gen grabbed Gemma before she did a face-plant. 
“I had fun tonight,” Gen said to me, still holding her sister up.
“Me too. I’ll see you tomorrow?” I asked. 
“Of course.” She beamed. I kissed that pretty mouth and left before Gemma reached for me.
Going down the hall to my room, I found a passed-out Ella at my door. 
“Ella?” I said, shaking her awake. She snapped to consciousness. 
“Rhys?” She looked okay, and not stupidly drunk like Gemma. “How’d I get here?” Or maybe she was worse off than I thought. I picked her up. 
“Let me get you to your room.” She passed out in my arms. How could she even have gotten to my room? I walked up the stairs. Ella was the supposed RA for the third floor. I questioned her skills every time I saw her shit-faced. Some role model she was! But again, wasn’t I pulling the same crap? At least I made it to my bed at night.
Her keys were already in her hand. It looked like she forgot to ascend one more floor to her room. I dropped her on her bed and locked the door behind me. 
She may have been a basket case, but I still felt bad for her. No one deserved to have so much anger in her life. Everything about Ella made me think there was way more under the surface than anyone could imagine. 
Making my way downstairs to my room, I got a text from Gen. 
Can’t wait to see you tomorrow.
Goodnight, doll. 
Damn, I really need to come up with a smart nickname for you.
I laughed, she was so cute. 
We can brainstorm ideas later?
How does bloke sound?
I’m not English. 
:-) So?
Goodnight, doll. 
Goodnight, RhysyCup:-)
HELL, NO!
I like it, ‘night!
I shook my head. How could I just spend a night in with her and still crave more? Liam and the guys would give me hell for this. 
~~~

“Yeah, right!” I snapped. 
“For real!” Liam replied, still laughing over the phone. “I swear, just come out. Bring Gen if that’s the only way I can get you out here tonight.”
“Dude, Gen’s going out with her sister tonight.”
“And since when do you play the loser that waits at home for her?” He was right; I never did that. 
“Okay, let me text Gen.”
“Wapoosh. Whipped already? That’s sad, man.” 
“Shut it, Li.” 
“See you later, man.” I hung up, ignoring all his sarcasm. Yup, he would never let me live down my limitless attraction to Gen. I was meeting her for lunch and had just left class. Liam never really cared about my schedule, and he called whenever he needed something. 
“Hey, Rhysy—” I kissed her, if only to stop her from finishing that god-awful nickname. 
“Wanna do me a huge favor?” Her golden eyes widened with naughty thoughts. Yeah, I wanted that too, but not just yet. 
“Coll and Liam have a gig tonight.” 
She rolled her eyes. “Wanna go with me?” A smile spread across her face. 
“Duh!” 
“What about Gemma and the girls?”
“Well, I’m having dinner with Gemma tonight. She can understand, or come along,” Gen said like it was the easiest solution in the world. 
“Gemma and Ella hate Liam,” I retorted drily and she gave me a wicked smile. What was she planning in that head of hers?
“They can get over it. Especially Gemma; she needs to deal with him.” I opened my mouth to argue, but she was right. If we did get serious, they would, no doubt, be seeing a lot more of each other.
“And why does she need to deal with it tonight?” 
“Because I want to be with you,” she answered, stepping closer for another long, drawn-out kiss. “Do we really need lunch?” she asked, pulling away to look at me with swollen lips and lust in her eyes. 
“Yes, because I will devour you otherwise,” I growled. 
“What’s the problem then?” she asked, kissing my jaw and actually making me consider the afternoon quickie she was offering. 
“The problem is: I’m here for lunch too,” Gemma interjected. “Now calm the PDA before I lose my appetite.”
“Still hung over?” I joked with a knowing smile. She pulled off her dark sunglasses and I noticed her white-knuckled grip on her large coffee. 
“You have no idea,” she grumbled, walking ahead of us. I shrugged to Gen, taking her hand before following her twin inside the cafeteria. 
We sat down with our food and Gemma grumbled about her first class at noon. Once she finished complaining about the only class she had, and Gen stopped trying to work me up under the table, I asked the question I was afraid to hear the answer to. 
“Gemma, you wanna go with us to the MMRD gig tonight?” 
Her glare at me spoke volumes. 

23: “All Night” Icona Pop
Genevieve 

My parents were all smiles tonight as they talked animatedly about a new fundraiser my mom had taken a keen interest in, now that Gemma and I weren’t occupying all her time. They both touted all the networking and publicity it was providing for the company. 
“But that’s not why we’re here, girls,” my mother said, ending the century-long story I knew my dad was ready to start droning on and on about new investors. “We just rented a house for the summer on Cape Cod.” I looked at Gemma, and then back at my mother. They were really taken with Massachusetts, or so it seemed. Gemma smiled first and I followed suit. 
“Wow! Does that mean we are spending the summer here, and not in the Hamptons?” she asked cautiously, trying not to get too excited. 
Leaving the Hamptons was huge! Bryant’s parents were our neighbors there. If we stopped visiting the Hamptons, the only time I’d have to see Bryant was in class or around campus. 
“We just wanted a change. If we like it, who knows? We might even buy a house around there,” my mother added, looking toward my father for confirmation. 
“But how will you run the business from the Cape?” I asked. New York City was the hub of LaFarve Media. How could he run it somewhere else?
“I’m settling into the Boston office for the summer. Besides, it’s the best way to have you learn the ins and outs of the company. I need to be in town to give you that opportunity, Gen.” He beamed, giving me his best CEO-approved smile.
“So my summer will be spent in Boston?” I replied with a little too much enthusiasm. Thoughts of spending every summer day I wasn’t interning with Rhys floated to mind, which I pushed away. I still didn’t know how serious we were, and couldn’t plan an entire summer around him. 
“Yes,” he confirmed. “I’m renting a condo for the summer, and if you girls both like it, you can stay there for the rest of the school term.” Gemma and I looked at each other; she was bouncing with excitement. Our own place in the city? We must have died and gone to heaven. We were both instantly out of our seats, hugging Dad, and reassuring him how awesome he was. Yeah, although ninety percent of the time his expectations were far too high for us to achieve, he still spoiled us rotten.
We took our seats again, talking animatedly about all the fun things we could do in Boston and on the Cape.  My mother seemed visibly happier by the excited conversation. Gemma was already planning a trip for the girls to visit. Kennedy was originally from New York and Ella was from Boston, so everything would all work out. 
“I can’t wait to meet your friends,” my mom interjected when we told them about the girls. Dinner wrapped up quickly since Gem and I had to get ready for tonight. “Do you have anyone close to you to invite?” my mom inquired and I sharply looked at Gemma before she opened her big mouth. 
“Nope,” Gemma and I crooned in unison as we smiled reassuringly. That question was dripping with Dad. He was trying to pry, but used Mom to ask the things he knew would get him yelled at. 
“We are just enjoying the freedom,” I added. 
“Well, it doesn’t matter. I’m glad you’re both so excited,” she said, hugging us until we got into Gemma’s convertible. When the car doors were shut and Gemma was just starting her engine, I looked over at her. 
“I think Dad’s up to something.” 
She smiled knowingly and added, “I know Dad’s up to something.” I studied her, more curious. 
“How do you know?” I asked. 
“Besides Mom’s fishing? She was digging for something. That means Dad knows something, but what?” Gemma replied. “You think they’re pushing for more info about Rhys? Or do you think they know something already?”
“What do you think they’d want to know about Rhys?” 
“Maybe that we haven’t mentioned him since Dad said something.” I leaned back into the leather seat. 
“I hope he doesn’t bring that up again,” I admitted. 
“Relax. Dad has been on his best behavior since you put him in his place. If you and Rhys make it to that point, I’m sure he will get over it.” I wasn’t convinced, however, not yet. Dad was too stubborn to just let it go because we argued about it. “You have more important things to focus on, like your first date with Rhys,” Gemma squealed. 
“Oh, God! I’m already nervous; don’t make it any worse, Gem.” 
She gave me an overdramatic sigh. “ Don’t pretend like you never kissed the boy. You were alone last night. Something happened.” 
A sappy smile came to my face despite my attempt to restrain it. 
“See?” she taunted, taking in my dreamy expression. 
“We made out like high schoolers,” I confided.
“Stop, before I gag. I expected so much more from Rhys,” she said, shaking her head. 
“He was a perfect gentleman,” I countered.
“What a waste,” she quipped.
“Hey!” I said, giving her a slight shove.
“I’m just asking, with all that sexy, all you did was make out? I wanna know what he’s packing.”
“Gemma!!” I screeched, totally embarrassed.
“What? You wanna know to. Don’t pretend you’re some kind of prude now.” 
“I’m not a prude, but whenever I do find out, I’m not telling you!” 
“Some sister you are,” she huffed. 
“There are some things that should remain strictly between the parties involved!” I lectured her. She smiled at me as she parked the car in the parking garage. 
We walked back, talking about everything. Gemma managed to remember most of the previous night, including her sad suitor, which she apologized for profusely.
“You owe me for tonight. Ella is going to flip when I tell her we are at another MMRD gig.” 
“Rhys just asked because he wanted to go out with me. If you really don’t want to go, don’t. I’ll go out with you girls another night.” 
Gemma gave me a yeah-right look. 
“We’re going because I like MMRD despite their poor taste in lead singers. Also, because my friend asked me, and my sister is going to be there. If she’s tired of making out with her boy toy on the dance floor, we’ll be there,” she said, hip-checking me before she pulled out her keys to our dorm room. 
“You’re so awesome sometimes,” I replied, giving her a one-armed hug before walking into the room ahead of her. 
“I try. Wait, what does sometimes mean?” I ignored her. “Can we get ready? We don’t want Rhys seeing you with only half your face on.” 
I rolled my eyes, “Thanks for that image, Gem.” I huffed while opening my closet door and searching for the perfect outfit for my first night out with Rhys. I was a little nervous. Sitting in my room and talking was one thing, but to actually go out with Rhys, see his siblings again, and maybe even run into his girls, I wanted to look my best. I didn’t want anyone doubting if I were good enough for Rhys. I could be as sexy as the next girl, and I fully intended to prove it tonight. 
I pulled out a skintight dress that ended mid-thigh. 
“Do you want Rhys to have a hard-on the whole night?” Gemma asked when I showed her my choice. 
I shrugged, secretly pleased with Gemma’s reaction. “Maybe.”
She laughed, “Welcome to the game; maybe you’ll finally see what he’s packing.” 
“Hey!” 
“Don’t give me that look, stop acting like a saint.” I shook my head, ignoring her affectionate insults. I wasn’t that bad; she was just exaggerating. “Besides, now I have some competition. I have to land a guy hotter than Rhys.” 
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, like that is even possible.” 
“Just you wait,” she teased while changing into the barely-there dress she picked out to wear. “He’s going to make Rhys look common.” 
“Not possible,” I countered, grabbing essential makeup items to match my dress. 
When she finally wiggled into her dress, she threw jewelry on my desk where I was perfecting my makeup. 
“These will go perfectly.” She turned to get back to readying herself. “Oh, and wear the garter with thigh-highs.” She smiled sweetly before returning to her own makeup.
“Don’t you think that’s trying a little bit too hard?” 
“Don’t you want him drooling?” She waited for me to answer, and when I didn’t, she added, “do it.” Her brown eyes were challenging, but I always found it hard to stay mad at someone that looked so much like me. I never stayed mad at Gemma for long, and she relied on that. 

24: “Tonight You’re Perfect” New Politics
Rhys

“Hello?” I answered, knowing it was my dad. “Look, I don’t want to talk to you; just leave us alone.”
“I just want to see you once. I’ve been sober now for years,” he pleaded. Closing my eyes, I tried to regain some composure. 
“I’m not interested.” I hung up without even waiting for his response. 
 I had to pick up Genevieve so we could go to the MMRD gig. It was surreal to finally be going on a date. I just didn’t do those things. Only for Gen. Barb would surely laugh her ass off when she saw me with her again.  A big fat “I told ya so” was waiting in my immediate future. 
I ran a hand through my hair, knowing I was five minutes late. Grabbing my phone, I bolted out the door and down the hall to Gen’s room.
I knocked and Gemma opened the door. “Holy shit! Are you seriously wearing that?” I asked when I saw the thigh-high boots. Where did she get those? Strippers ‘R’ Us?
“Shut up!” she said, letting me in. “I’m on a mission to find a guy ten times sexier than you.” I couldn’t help my chuckle. 
“Good luck! They don’t get much sexier than me.” 
“You ass! You sound like your brother,” Gemma said as she went back to primping in the mirror.
The girls’ bathroom door opened and Gen walked out. I had a déjà vu moment from The Mask, that movie with Jim Carrey. If I could have turned into a wolf and howled, I would have. Fuck me! She looked as sexy as sin. She smiled, brightly illuminating the room. Damn, was it hot in here? My eyes hungrily took in every inch of her perfection. She was wearing a black dress with a brown leather jacket that made her seem naughty, but in only the best ways. Her heels with stockings ended just below her dress. I would really struggle tonight. How the hell could I make it to the club? How the hell could I make it out of her room?
“You ready to go?” she asked, the smile rapidly disappearing as I continued to stare like a dumbass at her. 
“You look beautiful.” A smirk touched her lips. 
“Thank you,” she replied, grabbing her phone and sliding it into a small purse. I took her arm and we waved goodbye to Gemma, who just rolled her eyes before returning to her best friend, the mirror.
“So,” she said, drawing my attention to that delicious mouth of hers. I pushed her back against the wall across from her door. I needed to get a taste of her before all the chaos set in.
Pulling her body to mine, I pressed her closely against me. Her mouth covered mine in a kiss that instantly made me forget of the places we had to be. My hands dove into her soft curls, pulling her face closer to mine. She moaned into my mouth, and I lost all fucking rational thought. Her hands ran up my arms, stopping at my shoulders. Everything inside me was worked into a frenzy because of her. My hands moved down her body, feeling each mouthwatering curve through her body-hugging dress. 
“Aren’t we supposed to be going?” she asked, pulling away from me and looking up with lust in the dark depths of her eyes. Her lips were swollen from being thoroughly kissed. I planted one more chaste kiss on them, because I haven’t had enough yet. I was sure, with Genevieve, I could never have enough. More was something I would always beg from her. She was needling her way under my skin deeper than any tattoo could ever go.
“Now, we are,” I said, taking her hand in mine. 
“Is that how you start every date?” 
“No, just my date with you.” That brought another smile to her face. One that could have lit up the damn world during a power outage. 
She kept pace even in those tall shoes she wore. I wrapped an arm around her, knowing she was cold. It was January and she barely had enough clothing on to cover her skin. Opening the car door for her, I placed another quick kiss on her mouth that I was becoming just a little bit obsessed with. 
The drive went by fast, as Gen and I never seemed to lack conversation. I ran through shows, school, life, music, and family with such ease. She waited for me to open her door, and we did not have to stand in line to get into the club because it was still pretty early. 
I heard Liam before I even saw the jackass. He was flirting with Barb, who was ignoring him and talking to Colleen and Trent. I smiled, happy to see the band in one place. 
“Rhys!” Colt and Liam shouted. They were quite the pair. I could only hope they would use some sort of filter while Gen was present. 
“Hey, Gen,” Colt said with a shit-eating grin that I wanted to punch off his face. 
“Love!” Liam called, giving Genevieve a hug. He stuck his tongue out at Colt and I glared at him until he backed away from her. 
“Men,” Colleen sighed dramatically. Genevieve smiled and walked over to Colleen. I watched her for a moment, going back and forth with my sister, like they’d known each other for years.
“You have it bad,” Liam said, elbowing me in the side. I ignored him. “Colt, do you see this?” 
Trent huffed, exasperated with Liam and Colton. He shook his head and made his way to Colleen and Gen. They were all talking with Barb, who was making their drinks. 
“I’m busy; you can give me shit when Gen isn’t with me.” Yup, Liam was brimming with excitement. I could never live this shit down. 
I wrapped an arm around Gen, and Colleen smiled at me, drawing my attention to her newly dyed magenta hair. Her hair color changed more often than Liam changed his bedsheets. I ruffled her hair and kissed the crown of Gen’s forehead, but that was not nearly enough contact with her for my taste. 
The club was rapidly filling and I leaned in to order a drink before we lost our bartender. Barb gave me a knowing smile. 
“The regular?” she asked sweetly. Gen looked up at me. 
I nodded, “What will it be, Gen?” 
“Diet Coke,” she replied. 
“Great,” Barb said, placing two glasses in front of us. 
“It was so good seeing you again, Gen,” Colleen added before preparing to head on stage. Trent nodded and gave Gen a small smile as he followed Colleen.
Liam and Colt had already gone long before, so finally, it was just Gen and me. 
“I really like Colleen. She’s so sweet; and Trent is really nice. What happened to Colt and Liam?” 
“Every band needs a pair of assholes.”
She just laughed. “I don’t think Liam is that bad.” 
“You clearly haven’t been paying attention,” I said, leaning forward and taking our drinks. Barb gave me a knowing wink as I slid the money across the counter. 
“Let’s dance before we see someone else we know.” She smiled. 
“Gladly.” Genevieve took my hand and pulled me forward into the crowd. People were everywhere, watching the stage, and waiting for Liam to begin his lewd acts of licking microphones and ripping tee-shirts. I swear, he thought he was the lost member of Kiss or something. “How’s this?” she said, stopping in the center of everything. I pulled her closer, adoring the excited gleam in her eyes. 
This night would be one to remember. Nothing could have ever prepared me for the heart-scorching impact Gen would have on me. My blood burned just to be near her… just to feel her. I was utterly lost, and it didn’t really matter who knew. I took a long swig of my drink, needing to get it out of my hands so both hands were free and on Genevieve. 
Gen’s head dropped to my chest, and she kissed the opening at the top of my buttoned-down shirt. I groaned. I couldn’t do this for long. She smiled, well aware of the power she held over me, like a wicked temptress. 
“I like knowing that I affect you the same way you affect me,” she whispered close to my ear. 
Just like a bucket of cold water, I heard Ella’s voice and felt Gen stiffening in my grasp. 
“I didn’t believe it when Gemma said you were here together, but low and behold!” Ella said, chugging her beer in a most unladylike manner. 
“Genevieve has done the unbelievable! She snagged a Moore,” she announced bitterly. This girl was a bad drunk. They hadn’t been here very long, so I guessed some pre-game imbibing must have happened.
“Ella, leave them alone!” Gemma snapped. Ella pushed her red hair out of her face and opened her mouth to make a snarky reply, but Gemma’s glare cut her down. Seeing Kennedy’s equally threatening glare beside Gemma really made Ella shrink back. 
“I don’t need this crap!” Ella haughtily replied before walking off and leaving us to watch her dramatically storm away.
“Leave it to Ella to provide the drama,” Kennedy replied. I didn’t know Kennedy well. She was much tamer than Ella and didn’t get into the drunken arguments Ella had become famous for. So far, I had to say she was a good ally in the uphill battle with Ella. 
“Forget it, Gen, she’s just bitter about Liam,” Gemma summarized. I pondered that for a bit. Was Ella really taking Liam’s rejection so badly? He rejected girls like her all the time. 
“Maybe I can ask Liam to let her down easily,” I suggested. Gemma’s sharp look told me that was so wrong. 
“She doesn’t need anything else from Liam,” Gemma snarled. 
“Relax, guys, Ella is a grown woman. Rhys, let’s dance and listen to the band play. Gemma, check on Ella. Make sure she’s okay?” Genevieve said, taking control of the situation like the CEO she was trained to be. 

25: “First Love” Jennifer Lopez
Genevieve

“I’m ready to go.” I leaned into Rhys’s ear and gave it a quick kiss.
His eyes were smoldering with a deep need I was dying to explore. “Really?” he drawled, a sexy smirk playing on his lips. That Irish accent was doing funny things to my heart, squeezing it until I couldn’t take it anymore. I wanted him badly. Ever since Rhys pressed me against the wall and kissed me until I was seeing stars, I knew tonight was the night. I needed Rhys more than my next breath. The man was sex personified, and I needed him all to myself.
 I looked across the room, hoping things had settled with Ella. She was so upset, I regretted Gemma being so tough on her, but it seemed to be the only thing Ella responded to. It had already been five months; she needed to get over Liam already! I smiled when I noticed her dancing with an unidentified blonde male. Looking around for Kennedy and Gemma, they all seemed equally occupied with cute guys of their own. 
“Yes!” I said, pulling his arm and dragging him to the exit. He just laughed and followed me to his car.
“I thought I was supposed to proposition you, after which you were supposed to slap me and say it’s only the first date,” he joked, pressing me against the passenger door of his car. 
“Well, if you want to play that game, we can, but I prefer to just cut the crap and go straight to the fun part,” I replied. 
“No wonder I can’t stop thinking about you. You’re the only girl I’ve ever met that didn’t have a game to play,” he purred as he trailed kisses down my neck.
“Are we going to talk all night?” I asked. He kissed me instead of answering that. 
“You don’t have to rush, doll. You’re stuck with me.” I paused, thinking that over. I was stuck with him? Well, that was something I could completely get behind.
The car ride was charged in silence. Rhys didn’t say much as he took my hand and drove like the devil was stepping on his toes. Occasionally, he’d kiss my hand, and send those smoldering blue eyes my way. I didn’t wait for him to open the door. I slid out of his car and ran right into his chest. He adored every second of my overzealousness.
“My room, or yours?” 
I gave him an exasperated look. “You want Gemma to walk in on us?” 
“My room it is then.” He took my hand in his. I loved how no matter what was happening, he always wanted to touch me. Whether it was holding my hand, or keeping an arm around my waist, or simply spontaneously kissing my forehead, Rhys seemed to need me as much as I needed him. It was so different in a good way to feel wanted and needed so. 
His room was on the second floor, not too far from mine. He unlocked the door and held it open, allowing me to go in first. Rhys had already proven he could be a perfect gentleman. He closed the door behind us and I pushed him into the wall. His mouth was on mine before I could think of moving. Fiery kisses ignited my body into awareness. I knew about sex, but everything I did with Rhys was amplified and made me think improperly. No one could ever drive me into a state of need as thoroughly as he did. 
“We can wait… Nothing has to happen tonight,” he said, but I shut him up by starting to undo the buttons on his shirt. He looked down at me for a moment, long and hard. Then, he picked me up, and I wrapped my legs around his waist as he carried me to his bed. “Well, if it’s happening, I’m going to give you the best night of your life.” Laying me down, he threw his unbuttoned shirt off and started to kiss the cleavage peeking out of my tight dress. His hands worked magic, pulling off my jacket, and hiking my dress up until it was bunched around my waist. 
His eyes were hazed with lust as I pulled him down to join his mouth with mine. Eventually, we broke apart, but only to get my dress over my head. He stopped after that, just staring at me in my underwear and garter belt. 
“What?” I asked, growing uncomfortable with the way he was watching me.
“You’re the embodiment of perfection,” he said as he started to undo the garter belt. “This is fucking sexy,” he added as he released the only buckle before taking off the stockings. He placed slow, sweet kisses along my stomach and down my thighs, following his hands. After my stockings were off, he peppered kisses on my toes before working his way back up. Slowly, he began driving me mad as he took his sweet time making his way back to my face. He stopped at my burning center. 
“I don’t think I could, in good conscience, do anything else until I have one taste of you.” His blue eyes found me eagerly silencing any protest I could have possibly had. He ripped the thin, lace panties off me and I closed my eyes, happily surrendering to whatever Rhys had in mind.
~~~

“Okay, what does this mean?” I asked as I traced the three-leaf clover with Celtic knots on Rhys’s left pectoral. He gave me a lazy smile. We were both exhausted. After indulging in some of the most mind-blowing sex of my life, Rhys wrapped me up in his arms and we talked. We had just woken up. I was exploring Rhys’s chest and arms, asking a myriad of questions about his tattoos, especially the ones I had never seen before, like the three-leaf clover. 
“Colleen, Liam, and I got the same tattoo for Colleen’s eighteenth birthday.”
“Does it mean anything special?”
He looked down at me and kissed my forehead before he spoke again. “Celtic knots symbolize no ending. My family is part of eternity. We will always be together.” 
“That’s sweet,” I said, resting my head back on his chest. 
“I like to think that the great things in life never end,” he added. “Liam and Colleen, and my mother have been through hell and back. There is no ending for us. MMRD, is the same thing. I have known Trent and Colt since I first got here, and no matter how much of a pain in my ass they can be, they are and always will be my friends.” He pointed to the MMRD tattoo on his side.
“For someone who isn’t into lasting relationships, you sure are committed.” 
He smiled. “I’m in a lasting relationship with you; and I’d like to think that all the rules adhered to by my family and friends also apply to you. I don’t know if this is forever, but I’d like to think there was a bloody good reason I was drawn to you.”
“Oh, really?”
“Really,” he laughed. “I like to think that it means you could be my eternity.” I stared at him, unsure of what to say. It’s a hard act to follow when someone says something so perfect to you. I leaned over and kissed his mouth. 
“A few nice words, and you’re ready for another round?” he joked as he rolled me over. I nodded, more than eager to have another taste of him. And something I knew I could never tire of. Rhys made me feel like I wasn’t just starting a new relationship, but a new life. A life I always wanted before I knew it was possible. His mouth was working its magic down my neck, and I moaned as his hands began to knead my breasts. 
I heard something, but ignored it, trying to get back to the pleasurable sensations Rhys was creating for me. 
“Um, Gen, your phone’s been ringing a while; you wanna check that?” He was watching me as I sat up quickly and started looking around the floor for my purse.
“It will just be a minute; I’m sure it’s not important.” I got out of bed, a little disappointed, and shifted through our heaps of clothes until I found it. 
Unlocking my phone, I noted four missed calls from Gemma, and two from my dad. That looked bad. I tried to not look worried and gave Rhys a small smile as I sat on the bed. 
“Important?” he asked before kissing and sucking my neck. I really hoped it wasn’t important because I needed a lot more of this! 
“Let me just call Gemma back,” I replied. He shrugged, falling back into bed. He was naked, and every bit of Rhys was mouthwatering. The strong arms, firm pectorals, the rock solid abs, the tattoos that adorned him, and the sexiest v-cut I ever saw on a man that wasn’t famous. He smiled, knowing I was ogling him. 
I focused on my phone finally, and called Gemma.
“It’s bad,” Gemma answered. 
“What happened?” I asked, suddenly worried a disaster had occurred. 
“Dad came by this morning. You weren’t here, and there was someone in my bed; and let’s just say, a lot of choice words were exchanged. I think Daddy’s going to disown me. He flipped his shit and freaked even worse because you weren’t here. Has he called you yet?”
“Two missed calls.” 
“Be prepared when you talk to him.” 
“Thanks, Gem. Call you back in a few.”
“Sorry to ruin your morning.” 
“Yeah, it’s okay; thanks for the warning. Bye.” 
I hung up and gave Rhys another weak smile. He was watching me, his concern clearly evident in the crystal blue depths of his eyes.
“Everything okay?” he asked, pulling me down beside him. 
“Um, no, Dad caught Gemma with a guy in our room.” He grimaced. “He’s looking for me too.” Rhys let me go.
“Do what you gotta do,” he replied as he kissed me quickly. 
I dialed my dad’s cell phone, mentally prepared for the worst. Dad overreacted all the time; I just needed to calm him down as fast as possible. 
“It’s about damn time you called me back,” my father growled. 
“Daddy?” I tried, adding as much sweetness to my voice as was humanly possible. 
“Don’t give me that, Genevieve. Where are you? And why the hell was Gemma alone with some tattooed thug?” Of course, he had tattoos, I thought drily.
“Dad, I …” I looked at Rhys and gulped, hoping Rhys meant it when he said he was committed to me. That was probably about to get tested. I debated over what to say, but when he started hurling insults, I cut him off. “I stayed at my boyfriend’s last night.” 
A string of expletives poured out of my father’s mouth. Rhys perked up, looking at me with a mix of amusement and concern. 
“Dad, I didn’t want to introduce you to him until I knew we were serious.” 
“Dinner tonight!” he demanded. I rolled my eyes. I hated whenever he treated us like we were his employees.
“Dad, what’s the difference if you meet him tonight, or in a couple months?”
“Genevieve Lynn LaFarve!” he shouted, “no negotiations allowed! And I expect you to make sure that Gemma stays away from that blue-haired Neanderthal for good.”
“Blue-haired?” I asked and Rhys moved closer, growing curious. Where would she find a guy with blue hair? Was it? No way! She wouldn’t do that. Would she?
“The boy in her room!” he continued. 
“Yes, Daddy,” I said to avoid arguing about it. I couldn’t wait to tell Rhys what I just found out.
“I want to meet your boyfriend tonight. Dinner is at seven.” 
“Yes, Daddy.” 
I hung up the phone and looked at Rhys, wearing a smile I couldn’t restrain. 
“Guess who my sister slept with?”
“Is that really something I care about?”
“Yes, you should care.” He looked at me to continue. “Liam!” I squealed. 
“No!” Rhys responded. “Liam would never. Gemma hates him.” He seemed to be working out a puzzle in his head. “You’re fucking shitting me!” He laughed. 
“How many guys do we know with tattoos and blue hair?” I inquired. I was secretly thrilled! I liked Liam, and if he cleaned up his act, I think he’d be good for Gem. They had a lot in common and were both stubborn as all hell. They could straighten each other out.
“Fucking bastard!” Rhys laughed. 
The smile fell from my face when I thought about the second part. “Can I ask a huge favor from you?
“Sure, doll, anything,” he replied, pulling me back to him.
“Dinner with my parents tonight?”

 26: “Tainted Love” Pussycat Dolls
Genevieve 

I dressed Rhys for the big occasion. I tried to explain it in the most inoffensive way possible, but it was hard. My dad was just a jerk. Either way, I was a bundle of nerves as I watched Rhys pull on the long-sleeved, button-down shirt that covered every single tattoo. He grabbed a tie and I smiled as he concentrated on tying the damn thing. Gemma was pacing our bedroom, anxious to get the dinner over with. 
“Gem,” I started, moving to get some one-on-one time with her before the dinner. “I’m here for you,” I sighed. 
“It’s bad enough Dad will be belittling me all night. But he’s going to do it in front of Rhys,” Gemma complained. I patted the empty spot in my bed so she’d sit. 
“Gemma, none of this is going to be fun. Dad is probably going to recognize Rhys, and flip his shit once he realizes he’s our RA,” I whispered to her, hoping Rhys didn’t hear us. “Relax, I’ve got your back. We’re sisters.” She looked at me, confused. “Taking some words of wisdom from Rhys.” 
She smiled for the first time today. “Thanks, Gen. I needed that.”
“So are you going to tell me about the guy from this morning?” Her eyes narrowed. I’d been not-so-subtly dropping hints all day. I was dying to know if it was Liam or not, and she just wasn’t taking the bait. “Did you at least know his name?” I asked cautiously. 
“Yes!” she answered irritably. “I know his name and I’ve met him more than once.” 
“Have you ever…” I let the sentence trail off. She knew what I meant. 
“No, not really my type. Besides, he’s going to run like hell when he sees me now. Dad made sure of that!” she complained. 
“I think I’m ready,” Rhys said and I laughed as I saw the sorry state of his tie. 
“Gen, he can’t meet Dad with his tie looking like it’s about to come alive,” Gemma joked and Rhys opened his mouth to say something equally as biting, but stopped. He knew about her sorry mood, and was extra gentle with Gemma too. If I ever thought I could find a guy that treated my sister as well as he treated me, I would have tried harder and sooner to get away from Bryant. The way Rhys treated Gemma spoke to how important family values were to him. It also spoke volumes to the amazing character he cultivated. 
“Relax, Prince Charming,” Gemma said, undoing his tie in a matter of seconds. “I went through an Avril Lavigne phase when I loved wearing Dad’s ties.” She was already tightening the knot before I even moved. “He used to bite my head off about that too,” she said with a real smile. 
“Thanks, Gemma,” he replied, inspecting the properly tied accessory in the mirror. 
“We’ll give you lessons another day,” I said. I pecked Rhys quickly on the cheek. 
“Can’t say it won’t be helpful,” he replied, adjusting his cuffs once more. 
“Thank you for doing this again,” I repeated nervously. “My dad’s a lot to take so I’m sorry in advance.” 
Gemma left us to grab her wool peacoat and purse. 
“Nothing, will scare me away. Relax.” He tried unsuccessfully to reassure me. When I gave him another watery smile, he grabbed my coat and helped me into it. 
“I hope you’re right,” I said, though I was not as convinced as he was. If Dad recognized Rhys, which I felt sure he would, I would, no doubt, get an earful much worse than Gemma’s. Could anyone really prepare for that?
“Ready for our stint in hell?” Gemma asked as she walked ahead of us out the door.
I shook my head and followed her. I was driving my truck, since I already knew where the restaurant was. It had become our mother’s favorite haunt when she visited us in Boston. We went there at least once on every trip they made. 
“Gen,” Gemma said before she slid into the backseat, “I know I’m asking a lot, but can you put on my music?” I groaned, so not in the mood to listen to the Backstreet Boys, but she was desperate to calm her nerves before she saw Dad again. I could give her that. 
“Anything for you, Gem,” I said as I plugged in her phone. 
Rhys gave me a sidelong look that conveyed his disapproval of the choice in music. 
“Is this?” he started, but I shook my head, thereby silencing him. 
“It’s her process,” I explained before he started again on the music. He seemed to read my expression and understood that Gemma needed this. He took my hand over the console. Gemma could only think with the Backstreet Boys as her soundtrack. She overcame breakups and set-tos with our parents, got ready, and studied, all to their crooning. 
“I know Gemma warned me, but I wasn’t prepared to see you both struggling so much,” he said honestly. “He’s just a man.”
“He’s our dad,” I countered, giving him a sorry excuse of a smile. Rhys looked upset and I knew he never expected us to turn into such nervous wrecks over just seeing our dad. 
I pulled up and shut off the music. 
“Ready, Gemma?” I asked as I waited for her to open her eyes and answer. 
She nodded, looking positively ill. Everyone slid out of the car. Before coming my way, Rhys said something to her and she smiled as she nodded at him. He came around and hugged me. 
“Let’s get this show started.” It was my turn to smile at him. 
My parents were already by the entrance, waiting for us. My mother smiled and kissed and hugged Gemma and me. I took Rhys’s hand and introduced him to my parents. My dad kept his mouth shut while my mother gushed. She could always win over anyone. She was sweet and vivacious like Gemma. The two of them could charm the socks off anyone, but Dad. 
Rhys laughed as he listened to my mother tell an anecdote about Gemma and me as kids. Gemma and I looked at each other before turning to meet Dad’s cold gaze. 
Our dad wasn’t a bad father. He really was wonderful, most of the time. He just insisted on maintaining complete control and order. He had a no-nonsense philosophy for life. He wanted things done a certain way, and if we didn’t do exactly what we were told, he punished us. He never physically hurt us, but grounded and embarrassed us often. Embarrassment is a powerful weapon against a child. He wielded it whenever the opportunity or the need for it as an outlet arose. This happened to be the perfect opportunity. 
“Good to see you both still know what clothing looks like,” he jibed quietly so only Gemma and I heard him. Gemma looked at the ground, totally unprepared to receive the brunt of Dad’s anger today. He squeezed our shoulders painfully as he guided us to our table. Rhys was engrossed with my mother. She always had perfectly innocent stories, and was ready to draw attention from her husband. I still wasn’t convinced if my mother was aware of what Dad could say when she wasn’t paying attention.
We all took our seats, and I sat between Rhys and Gemma, while our parents sat across from us. The tension  was high and even my mother’s smile seemed a little forced. 
“So, Rhys,” my father said, ready to begin his interrogation. “How long have you been seeing my daughter?” 
Rhys took my hand under the table and I lifted my glass of water to my mouth to keep quiet. 
“I met Genevieve when she first moved into the village. She and Gemma needed a little help while carrying boxes into their room.” I noted the small jab at my dad and squeezed Rhys’s hand to warn him. 
“Rhys helped us with all the heavy boxes,” I explained. “We’ve been good friends ever since.”
Gemma sat quietly. I hated seeing her look so beaten, but I knew the real Gemma would shine through again. Sometimes, I needed my space, and Gemma needed to recharge too. 
“I asked Gen out last week. I’ve liked her for a very long time,” Rhys said, not wanting to dwell on the specifics with my dad. 
“Oh, that’s so sweet,” my mom interjected warmly.  She looked at my dad, probably hoping he’d have something nice to say, but he remained quiet. 
“So, are you a freshman as well?”
“No. I’m actually a junior. Business. That was your next question, right?” He smiled, easing me into a small level of comfort. Rhys seemed to zap the anxiety out of the situation as he continued discussing menial details about school.
“Have you started looking for internships yet?” my dad replied, a genuine smile coming to his face. He was warming up to Rhys. Gemma squeezed my hand, and had a hopeful look on her face. 
“Not yet, but I plan to find one for the summer,” Rhys replied seriously. 
“Has Gen told you what I do?”
Rhys looked at me, and I nodded. “She told me about the family business. I can’t say I’m not intimidated to be sitting with you, sir.” 
“Did Gen tell you that I’m looking for interns this summer in Boston?” 
“Actually, no, but I’m sure she would have gotten around to it.” 
“I like you,” my dad admitted, seeming to enjoy Rhys’s presence even more than his own daughters. 
“Fine job, Genevieve. I can only hope that Gemma will have the good sense to find a man half as decent as Rhys.” Gemma gave my father a dark look, but didn’t say anything. There were no words for his condescending remarks. 
“Gemma is a great girl. She’s very smart and able,” Rhys said. “Gemma and Gen are close friends and sisters. I’ve never met sisters who complemented each other as well as they do.” My mother smiled, clearly falling for all that raw Moore charm. 
“You are such a sweetheart, Rhys.” My father drank his wine, quietly watching, and tolerating Rhys, despite his indirect jabs at my father.
I had to be thankful for one thing: at least, my father hadn’t remembered that Rhys was my tattooed RA. Luckily, a great personality and a button-down shirt were all it took  to make the man forget. 



27: “Pictures of You” The Cure
Rhys

“God, I need a drink after that!” Gemma complained as we climbed back into Gen’s Range Rover. “The only one he tolerated tonight was Rhys. Isn’t that some shit, Gen?”
“Gemma, he’s just a man. Don’t let him get to you. You’re better than that,” I replied and she smiled. 
“Thanks Rhys. I can’t believe you stood up for me.” 
“I’m a big brother. I can’t stand to see people getting pushed down like that. I would never let someone say that shit to Colleen and Liam, and I’m not gonna let someone say that shit to you, even if he is your father.” I was pissed! I couldn’t believe someone with daughters as perfect as Gen and Gemma could be so negative and spiteful towards them. No wonder they claimed to be so fucked-up. How do you live your whole life with someone like that? Everything they did was wrong in his eyes. He nitpicked at their clothing, how they ate their meal, and to him, everything they said or did was a problem. Maybe he was just mad, but still, those girls deserved better treatment. 
Gen’s hand found mine when she saw how angry he made me.
“There’s another show tonight if you want to go?” I offered, but after what Gemma went through with Liam, I wasn’t surprised by her quick no. 
“I think we need a girls’ night in. Do you mind, Rhys?” Gen asked. 
“Not at all. Don’t get wasted without me,” I joked. She smiled and turned her attention back to the road. Gen was just starting to relax and become herself again. Her shoulders eased and the apprehension that was so vivid in her eyes all during dinner also vanished. I wonder what she expected to happen? 
The ride home was filled with Backstreet Boys songs, one after the other, and I almost lost my shit. It was awful, but I tolerated it silently for them. Gemma sang quietly in the back, and Gen hummed along mindlessly. 
I never expected today to end with a date with Gen’s parents, but at least, now I knew what she was talking about. She tried to explain her overbearing dad to me. She insisted I wear long sleeves, and I trusted her, giving in to all the little quirks she demanded in the process. The twins were mental cases all day long; I was just glad when it was over for them. 
As we pulled up to our dorm, the girls were finally looking like themselves again. Gemma walked ahead of us once we got out of the truck. Gen smiled and gave me a quick kiss. 
“You made tonight bearable, and you made last night unbelievable,” she said, kissing me again. I pushed her against the car, mentally struggling with the option of releasing her so she could help her sister and keeping her all to myself again. 
I ran my hands down her shoulders and felt her shiver. “Brunch tomorrow?” 
“Your room, or the cafeteria?”
“My room.” I smiled, liking the innuendo of everything else we could do besides eat. 
“Sounds good; text me when you’re awake. Have fun tonight.” She smiled and walked ahead of me, leaving me horny and frustrated. 
I eventually went inside to finish some mindless RA tasks. I checked the worksheet again, making sure everything was covered, and happily noted Ella was scheduled to work tonight. She wouldn’t be making another scene at this show. 
After a few hours, Ella and Raj arrived, so I left to change and leave for the show. I wasn’t particularly late, but it was definitely more crowded than yesterday. Sunday shows were always like that for some reason.
Barb smiled while putting a drink in front of me. 
“Where’s the little Mrs. tonight?” she teased. 
“Home with her sister.” She gave me a disappointed look. 
“It’s serious?” 
“No, she had a bad fight with her dad, her sister’s just making her feel better,” I replied as I downed most of my drink. 
“I meant, you and Gen, you ass!” she said, slapping my hand. 
“Yes,” I answered seriously. 
“Good for you! Now get your bonehead brother in check!” Barb added as she pointed at my hopeless brother. He was caught in the middle of two women and seemed to alternate between making out with each of them. 
“Does he ever learn?” 
Barb just shrugged and went back to doing her thing. 
I walked over to him, but Colleen stopped me. 
“He had a rough day.” Colleen narrowed her blue eyes at me. 
“Yeah, well he’s going to have a rough night if he keeps this shit up,” I growled. “He needs to grow up.” 
Coll just shook her head. “He did so well last night. I thought he was sunk, and he got dumped, then he told me he found someone else last night. And now, this morning, he tells me he got dumped again! Liam does not handle rejection well.” 
“Putting those psych classes to work again,” I said, giving her a one-armed hug.
“He needs to work this out on his own. He needs to feel like he’s worth a damn. That’s how he does it,” she explained. I shook my head and followed her to the couch where Colt and Trent were sitting. Colt was charming an unidentified girl on his lap, but Trent smiled at us when we sat down beside him. 
“Joining us lowly humans tonight?” Trent joked, allowing a rare smile to brighten his face. Trent was the serious and hardworking type. He had always been focused on school, and trying to do better to get what he needed out of life. He rarely did anything just to do it. So yeah, he behaved a lot better than the rest of us when it came to girls. Yeah, he even stayed in on the nights when we had no gigs and did things like his homework. Trent was Liam’s roommate at BU. If Liam had roomed with Colt, they would have probably killed each other by now; or their room would have been quarantined for some resistant STD festering in their beds. 
Either way, Trent was a good influence on Liam when he wasn’t being a total dick. “Do I even answer that, ass?” I joked and Trent laughed as we caught up in our typical manner. Colleen occasionally looked around, more than likely, just checking on Liam.
 Trent shook his head, “I’m not letting him bring them home tonight. I’ve got shit I need to take care after this,” he said, watching whatever Colleen was watching, her pink hair a sharp contrast beside Trent’s jet-black, shoulder-length hair; both wore disappointed expressions. 
“I’m gonna fix this shit,” I said, standing. Colleen and Trent looked at each other, and I knew there was something they wanted to tell me, although they still debated if they should. 
“Wait, man.” Trent caved first. Colleen gave him a look meant to silence whatever he was about to say. 
“I’m waiting!” I snapped. 
“He needs to get this out of his system.” I raised an eyebrow. “Gemma was hard on him last night. She’s nothing like Gen. She would destroy Liam if she even gave him more than ten minutes of her time,” Trent answered. 
“So he didn’t go home with Gemma last night?” I asked, utterly confused. 
“He said she stormed off. I don’t think so, but he didn’t come home until this morning; so who knows?” Trent replied honestly. He checked his phone one more time before giving Colton a shake. He looked like he was trying to swallow the girl in his lap. “Showtime, bro!” Trent shouted and Colt rolled his eyes before giving the starry-eyed blonde in his lap one more kiss to remember him by. 
“You guys are a mess,” I observed before heading to the bar in need of another drink. I was just plain confused now. Liam never went home with Gemma, so she hooked up with another blue-haired guy? So Liam must’ve gone home with someone else that pulled his own moves on him? What the hell was going on?
“Back for another?” Barb asked, placing a glass in front of me. 
“Damn! I’m gonna need more than just one of these,” I replied, swallowing the drink in one gulp.

 28: “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun” Cyndi Lauper
Genevieve

Gemma was sitting on her bed, stuffing her face full of popcorn. We were watching 21 Jump Street and she kept laughing at random before slapping me to look at the television. I was watching her closely. She didn’t say anything after we got back that didn’t involve popcorn or something else equally as trivial. She was starting to worry me more than if she just broke down and heaved everything off her chest with hysterical tears. This closed-off side of Gemma was oddly familiar. It reminded me of what I was like for almost a year. 
I bit my lip, wondering whether or not to bring up what she was going through. I decided to jump in and see if it helped.
“When Bryant hurt me that first time...” Her big brown eyes turned to me and widened. “…I was really confused. No one wanted to believe me because it conflicted with all of Dad’s plans for me. That was the first time I thought Bryant might not be such a good fit for me. That concept was harder to accept than that he hurt me.” She placed her hand over mine and I confided something I never even confessed to my therapist. 
“When he attacked me again, I was sure it was my fault, because no one seemed to think it was such a big a deal. You tried, but our parents refused to listen. You believed me when no one else did; and I love you so much more for that, Gemma.” Tears welled in her eyes and she didn’t say anything for a bit. “You broke my heart when you kissed Bryant.”
“I’m sorry for that,” she choked out.
“I know,” I said, hugging her. “I was angry for you. I thought you were getting sucked into his vortex. You know, the black hole where his heart is supposed to be?” I clarified, getting a sad smile out of her. “I was never upset over Bryant. I was upset that he might do the same thing to you that he did to me! You don’t deserve that. Ever. Dad has always been harder on me because he thought I could take it. I not only failed him, but I failed you. He started watching you more closely. I’m sorry he is such a jerk. I guess what I’m trying to say in the form of a melodramatic speech is: I love you. You’re my best friend. You are the only person that I want to know everything about me, and I like to believe you think of me exactly the same way,” I finished, anxiously waiting for her to tell me anything before I lost my ever-loving mind.  
“I never told you that Bryant still tries to keep tabs on you,” she smiled. I shook my head, not caring. “He asks me about you in class.” She rolled her eyes. “I told him you moved on to bigger and better things, like Rhys.” She laughed and I just stared at her, amazed how easily she could forget stuff. 
“You are trouble,” I joked as she continued shoveling popcorn into her mouth, but at an alarming rate. 
“Well, that’s what people keep telling me,” she said, suddenly becoming serious. “I’m not a fuck-up, right?”
“Hell, no!” I answered defiantly. “You are smart and can accomplish anything.” She gave me a sidelong glance to cut the crap, but it wasn’t crap. 
“Why does Dad think everything I do is a mistake? You’re sleeping with a guy and he just accepts Rhys and whatever you’re doing with him. When I liked Rhys, he was no good. I just can’t win!” She hiccupped, trying with all her might not to cry. 
“It’s okay. Dad would never have accepted Rhys if he remembered him. I just got lucky.”
“But you’re always lucky,” she whined darkly. 
“When you find a good guy, nothing Dad can say will make you feel unlucky.” She looked sullen as she stared at her bowl of popcorn. 
“Is that how Rhys makes you feel?” 
I smiled, actually knowing the answer for once, “Yes.” 
“I want that. I want someone to stand up for me because he cares about me, and not my sister,” she replied, looking down at her popcorn like it held all the answers.
“You’ll have it. No worries.” 
“Really?” 
“Duh! He’s out there; you just have to stop partying long enough to find him!” I joked and she rolled her eyes. Deep down, I wasn’t sure if she believed me or not. She was too good at faking her happiness. 
“I’m sorry, but the dancing isn’t going anywhere. I need a guy that can keep up with me. We’re going out next weekend, right? I can’t believe I stayed in tonight,” she replied, looking embarrassed. 
“Like I said… trouble.” She laughed and ate more popcorn. I followed suit. If that made her happy, who was I to criticize it?
Someone started banging on our door around ten pm. 
“Talk about déjà vu,” Gemma remarked, staring at the door. I jumped out of her bed to answer the door. “That’s how I woke up this morning,” she complained, ignoring the door and focusing on the movie again. 
Upon opening it, I saw my father, who was ready to burst a coronary. He stormed in, red-faced and angrier than he was earlier tonight.
“Hi, Daddy, long time no see.” I tried for a joke, but he just shut the door, shaking his head in frustration. I backed up, my self-preservation instinct sharpening when confronted with a bad temper. One of the many positive things I can attribute to my relationship with Bryant. 
“I can’t believe you!” he seethed. I backed up again, never having seen him so angry before. He grabbed my shoulders and shook me. “That’s the guy I specifically told you to stay away from! Do you have to spit on everything I—” 
“Dad, calm down. Let Gen go,” Gemma said, coming towards us. 
“He’s no good for you!” I felt hot tears blurring my vision as I opened my mouth to say anything, but nothing came out. I tried to muffle my sobs. “You promised! Both of you promised!” His ire alternated between us. Gem stepped back, afraid for herself. 
“What are you talking about?” she asked, trying to be strong for both of us. 
“Rhys. He’s that boy from the hall.” 
“He’s a good person. You know it. You saw it for yourself!” I ground out. My dad’s grip tightened on my arms. I wanted to push his hands away, but my body wouldn’t obey or move.
“You can’t be with him! Forget it now!” Something seemed to snap inside me. Everything I said to Gemma earlier was like a testament of what I needed to do. Rhys was worth fighting for.
“Disown me. Please! It would make my life so much easier!” I angrily retorted, steadfast in my own resolve. “How dare you storm in here telling us what we can and can’t do! This is the second time you overreacted. I don’t know what bug crawled up your ass, but you need to leave,” I shouted, my voice rising in volume. I yanked his hands off me, feeling fully fed up with his theatrics.
He was shaking with his anger his voice started low, “I give you everything. I give you both everything! You repay me by disobeying the slightest request I ask of you,” he complained, visibly losing his composure by the end of his speech. 
“Why do you keep coming here?”
It was his turn to look cornered. Gemma and I watched his brown eyes shifting from Gemma to me and back. 
“Yeah, why do you keep conveniently showing up here with a bone to pick?” Gemma asked, stepping forward to stand right beside me.
“I told you about Rhys already. End it!” he barked, completely ignoring our threats. 
“Not happening,” Gemma answered for me. “Gen is happy for the first time in her life! You are not allowed to ruin her life, like you did by throwing that jerk in her face to distract her.” 
“Rhys is a good man. You liked him at dinner; you even hinted at offering him an internship,” I reminded him and that seemed to affect him.
“Bryant said that…”
“Whoa, what did you just say?” I asked. “Bryant is an ass that has nothing to do with me. How dare you trust him over me!” My father shook his head in angry disagreement. 
“He keeps me updated. I need a guy like him, especially when you two are constantly lying and hiding the truth from me.”
“What could he possibly know? The last time I even spoke to Bryant was at your party. After I told you he slammed me against a wall and tried to hurt me, you still invited him to the house? Did you know that?” I got closer to him. “And the reason Bryant didn’t hurt me even worse was because Rhys protected me. Rhys saved me. So don’t ever put Bryant above Rhys again. Bryant doesn’t deserve to even breathe the same air as Rhys.” Gemma smiled, proud to see that I actually lost my shit in front of Dad. It was about damn time we started living our own lives. 
“I didn’t know that,” he replied. 
“Well, now you do. Leave.” 
“Gen, Gemma, I’m sorry.” He may have actually looked repentant. “You are both adults. I should trust you more. It’s hard; I feel like someone needs to take care of you both. I want you to be happy and make us proud.”
“I think we do a good job of taking care of each other,” Gemma said, easily forgiving Dad. I wasn’t so ready to forgive him, however. 
“Are you going to leave Rhys alone?” 
He frowned, “Yes, you may continue to see Rhys; he seems like a nice young man despite his brash appearance.” I smiled and hugged him. 
“Gemma, I’m sorry for this morning. I respect that your gentleman stood up for you, but I would appreciate it if you didn’t see him again. I can only process a few life changes at a time.” 
I watched Gemma closely. She bit her lip and nodded. “It’s okay, I won’t see him again, but not because of you, it’s because of me,” she clarified. 
“I feel like I owe you both some ice cream, or something equally extravagant.” 
“You know you don’t have to spoil us,” I replied. 
“What kind of dad would I be if I didn’t want to spoil my little girls rotten?”

29: “Worth Fighting For” Taylor Henderson
Rhys

Gen came over, and the first word out of her mouth was about her fight with her dad. If he hadn’t been her dad, I would have beaten him up worse than Bryant. How dare he do that shit to Gen! How dare he tell her how to live just because he got some incorrect news from her ex! Her spiteful, angry ex! I would have kicked his ass if I’d been there, even though I fought to rein in my temper. Gen was all smiles, and soon talking about how they made up. They even started apartment hunting on the computer with their dad. 
What the hell? How would that make up for the shit he pulled not once, but twice, yesterday? He pretty much turned them into hot messes that didn’t have a clue what normal relationships were like. Gemma couldn’t deal with commitment at all, and used one-night-stands to solve her daddy issues and Gen? Gen was lucky. She just shut out the whole world until she was ready to cope with it again. What the fuck was I dealing with?
“Don’t you think it’s weird that your father doesn’t only apologize, but tries to buy your feelings?” She shrugged as she plopped a blueberry into her mouth. 
“It’s what he always does. We tried to break the habit, but Gemma and I really like stuff,” she added innocently. I moved the bowl of fruit in front of her out of her grasp. “Hey!” she protested. 
“I wanna talk to you about something.” 
“Okay,” she replied, still staring at the bowl in my hand. 
“We are going to try an experiment.” She pointedly watched me, waiting for me to continue. “I want you to stop using anything your dad gave you for one week.” 
“Why would I do that?” she asked incredulously. 
“To prove that you really don’t need him. Both to yourself and to him.” She opened her mouth to argue, but closed it again.
“But I don’t have a job or…” I smiled. 
“Easy. I need a break from managing the band.” She laughed. 
“Me manage MMRD?” 
“I just book and confirm gigs when I’m on duty. Only takes me a few hours a week.”
“They pay you for that?” she asked, actually warming to the idea. 
“No, but I can negotiate a wage for you.” I smiled, trying to charm her into considering it.
“I don’t think they will go for that,” she said glumly.
“Why not? They get a LaFarve to negotiate their deals, and you’re kind of gorgeous. Liam would love it, Coll likes you, Trent likes you. We only have to win over Colton.” She was still looking skeptical. “I’m very convincing. How about I call a band meeting and we take a vote?” I asked, leaning forward and hoping to persuade her just a bit more.
“How about before our experiment, I spoil the band a little so they like me?” she inquired, but I wasn’t on board with that plan. 
“Doll, I come from a working class family; that’s not gonna win them over, and it’s not going to help your independence.”
“I know,” she said, stealing another piece of fruit from the bowl. “You want me to try this to understand what it would be like to be out from under my dad’s thumb. I agree. It might even make me a better CEO.” She tapped her foot for a solid minute before she spoke again. “I could work from the bottom at LaFarve, and get a job that has nothing to do with my dad!” she opined. I smiled to see she was actually agreeing with me. I had the overwhelming feeling that this could have been a disaster, but instead, she was here, making plans all on her own. 
“Well, what about your last name?” I asked. 
“Well, you said no money. Doesn’t mean I can’t use my name,” she countered and I smiled, loving her gall. 
“And this is why I’m having trouble letting you sit there when you could be in my bed,” I drawled and she raised an eyebrow.
“Does that mean we’re finished with job hunting?”
“We could take a small break,” I compromised, leaving my seat and pulling her chair closer. She stared up expectantly at me with those golden eyes and I lost all my self-control. I threw her over my shoulder while she screamed and laughed. 
“We might need more than just a small break now that I got you in bed.” 
“I’m totally okay with that,” she replied, sounding out of breath. My mouth found hers and she shoved her fingers through my hair. I pressed her against me so she could feel my urgent desire for her. She deepened the kiss, eager to move forward as well. My hands were working their way under her sweater, enjoying her flat belly and lacy bra. She lifted her arms for me and all rational thought flew out the window. I needed Gen now more than anything.
I tugged off her top and started on her jeans while she worked off her bra, freeing those perky, little tits for me. Her hands quickly moved down to my jeans as she undid them in record time. I groaned when she fisted me, making me about ten times harder. She gave me a deliciously innocent smile, and I was instantly pushing her further onto my bed, while grabbing a condom from my bedside drawer. 
“You’re really starting to fuck with my head, doll,” I confessed before burying myself inside her. I closed my eyes. This is what heaven must fucking feel like. Buried inside her, I was surely experiencing nirvana and her name was Genevieve. A soft moan escaped her mouth and I pumped harder, already addicted to the sounds she uttered solely for me. Genevieve had me wrapped around her little finger using only her smart mouth and her tight, little pussy. I fisted her hair, exposing her neck and raining kisses down on it. 
“Oh, Rhys!” she cried with a shudder and there went my resolve. Her orgasm shook me, instantly bringing on my own. I felt the energy leave her as she came down from the high. 
“Are you really supposed to do that so well? When you do everything else so well?” she asked, a look of mischief glimmering in her golden eyes. 
“Is that a complaint?” I challenged before cleaning up. She bit her lip and shook her head fervently. 
“I get all the benefits. Why would I complain?” she asked, coming up behind me and resting her breasts against my back. Her hands instantly began tracing my tattoos. Gen was fascinated with them, almost like she’d never seen one before. 
“Let’s lay down,” I said and she hopped into my bed like she belonged there. 
“I wanna tell you something,” she started, and I watched her closely, hoping it wasn’t something bad. Her eyes were still focused on the three-leaf clover on my chest. “The fight about Bryant with my dad was because of you. My dad has a strict policy of no seedy people, and according to him, having tattoos makes you seedy. He hates them and wants us to stay away from people who have them.”
“People like me?” I questioned.
“People with limited professional prospects.” I opened my mouth to challenge that, but knew she was just repeating her dad’s words. The same words she, no doubt, grew up hearing. “I don’t believe that,” she emphasized by looking me squarely in the eye. 
“He freaked when he discovered I lied about you. It was why I insisted that you wear long sleeves last night.” 
“So he wouldn’t know?”
“And he’d like you for you. It worked. He liked you… He still likes you.” she said again as if she were trying to convince herself more than me. “He was very upset I lied, but he can’t deny how awesome you are either,” she joked. 
“Thank you.”
“For what?” she asked, crinkling her nose in confusion. I almost mauled her for it; it was that damn cute. Everything she did was fucking cute. 
“For believing that I can be that guy for you.” 
“I don’t just believe it. I know it,” she replied, moving so she could face me fully. “There was nothing my dad could say to make me give this up.” 
“All the more reason to experiment.” 
“I really wish we could do some other experiments before I say adios to my Amex card.” I raised my eyebrows, curious to know the double meaning behind her words. 
She climbed on top of me and her mouth covered mine. I was completely up for that kind of experimentation and all fucking day. 


30: “Knock ‘Em Out” Lily Allen
Genevieve 

Was it normal to be this nervous? I thought as I anxiously waited for everyone to arrive. Colton and Liam finally walked in and took seats beside each other. Liam was smiling brightly and Colt was just brooding. Someone with such bright blonde hair shouldn’t have been moping the way he did. He looked like the face of an Abercrombie model. Several piercings made him seem darker, and hinted at a dangerous sexiness. I knew he would be the hardest to win over, but I wanted to prove I could do it. It was a great plan and would be a big slap-in-the-face to Daddy when I refuse to accept anymore of his flashy things. I mean, I did want the apartment still, but it was just a test to put him in his place so he’d never question my decisions again. I was a damn adult; and it was about time he accepted it. 
Rhys squeezed my hand before he started to talk. It hadn’t taken more than a few days to get everyone together, but that only gave me more time to prepare.
“God, you two are so cute!” Colleen gushed. I really liked her; not only was she Rhys’s sister, but she was funny as hell. She had an immature quality I never really possessed growing up. Gemma and I were always trained to behave like little adults. Colleen’s brothers protected her and preserved all the youthfulness and joy of their childhood, and Coll practically glowed from it. 
“So I’m stepping down as manager.” Colt and Liam looked up, both confused. 
“Why the hell would you do that?” Liam asked not too nicely.
“Lot of shit on my plate, but I found my replacement.” All eyes fell on me and I gulped. Shit! Shit! Shit! Why was I doing this again?
“Your girlfriend?” Colt asked, voicing the entire band’s question. “This is a joke, right? Cuz that shit ain’t funny.” I looked at Rhys who was boring a hole into Colt with his glare. 
“I have some ideas. I want to change where you play.” 
“We like where we play,” Trent interjected. Oh, my God! What an awful idea this was turning out to be. Even Trent hated it and he was so nice. 
“I just mean, the bar scene can only get you so far. You need real venues, festivals, concerts, and I have ideas for that.” 
“I wanna hear her out,” Colleen said over the collective complaints, helping me feel a bit more comfortable. 
“How do you think you can improve that?” Liam asked. 
“Ever heard of LaFarve Media? That’s mine.” Colt spit out the water he was drinking. 
“You’re signing us?” he asked, ready to jump out of his seat. 
“No, but I know what it takes to get an agent. I’ve seen my dad at work. I’ve spent summers working in different departments; you pick up stuff.” 
“You think you have the balls to do that?” Colt asked, crossing his arms over his chest and glaring at me.
“I know I do,” I replied. 
“I’m in,” they said in unison, showing how close they really were as a group. No further discussion, just perfectly in sync.
“You can talk about it if you want.” Saying that, all the eyes kept staring at me, presumably waiting for my next command as manager. Shit! I did it! Gemma would kick my ass for not telling her sooner.
“I think we’re good,” Rhys said, smiling as he placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder. 
“Where do we start?” Trent asked.
“Do you guys use your YouTube channel?” I inquired. 
This time, Rhys answered. “I haven’t really used it. Normally, I post good videos people take from our Twitter account and Facebook pages.”
“Music videos?” They collectively shook their head. “Number of followers?” I asked. 
“About ten thousand.” I pursed my lips, running over the numbers in my head; that was a pretty good number.
“You need to expand. Have you thought about covers for YouTube? A lot of bands start out that way.” 
“No way,” Colt spoke up first. “We aren’t going to turn into another nameless face on YouTube that sings covers.”
“I’m not saying sing only covers; just mix them in with your songs. Lyric videos. Music videos. There’s an untapped market you guys need to dip into. You already do covers on stage. So we record one in studio and post it. Spread it to your followers and see what happens.” 
“I’m in,” Liam replied first. 
“Me too,” Colleen agreed. 
Trent nodded his acceptance, but I still couldn’t convince Colt. 
“I know you guys want to be different. You will be. You have a huge following already, and you’re in a city with plenty of night life. You’re right on the brink of discovery.”
“What the hell?” Colt said. “I think she could sell mud to a pig and make it sound like a good idea.” 
I laughed, relieved the hardest part was over. 
“Okay, well, I know we have some available studios on campus. I’ll book us a recording studio and a recording room for our first videos. I say we do a simultaneous post of an original lyric video teasing to a music video and a cover song. Work it out, and pick your first two songs. Have fun tonight.” I said, ending the meeting, and feeling rather accomplished. Rhys was talking to Colt, probably reassuring him it was a good idea. 
“I’ve already decided,” Liam said to me. 
“Oh, really? What?” Colleen questioned. 
“We make a lyric video to ‘Temporary’ and a cover of ‘Come and Get It.’” Coll smiled. 
“Why ‘Temporary?’”
“You know everyone loves that song. Girls love to be told they’re replaceable.” Coll shook her head, disapproving. 
“It’s just hella catchy,” Colleen amended for me.
“Sure,” Liam teased, unconvinced.
“Can I hear it tonight?” I asked.
“It will be our first song,” Liam replied. 
“Maybe we should do both to see what the crowd thinks?” Coll added. “Tonight will be a good night too.”
“Good idea,” I agreed as Rhys came back with Colt. 
“See you guys tonight,” Rhys said before hugging his sister and slapping Liam on the back in a sweet, brotherly way. 
The end was rather uneventful. I totally freaked myself out for a fight, and thought Colt would never agree; and here I was, managing a freaking band!
“You did great, doll,” Rhys reassured me as we trekked across campus to the recording studios. “I never doubted you for a moment.”
“Well, I doubted myself. What if I can’t do this? What if it doesn’t work?” Rhys’s blue eyes were serious as he watched me freak out. 
“Deep breath,” he said before stopping and standing in front of me. “You got this,” he continued more convincingly. That didn’t really sound promising, but I followed his instructions, focused on my breathing,  and ignored the doubt that usually snaked its way through my shield of confidence. “If you don’t, you’ve always got me; and I know we’ve got this.” He pressed a sweet kiss on my mouth, making me almost beg for more. Sliding his hand into mine again, we started what we needed to accomplish. I kept my mouth shut, trying to believe what Rhys told me. I had this. We had this. I wasn’t going to be the death of MMRD. 
After booking the recording rooms on Sunday for the day, Rhys and I parted to attend our classes. I had a business class that I hated. The teacher was okay, but it was the only class I shared with Bryant this semester, and it drove me crazy. He mostly ignored me. Occasionally, he’d be pleasant, but more likely than not, he was a dick. I was in such a great mood, I didn’t dare ruin it by going to the class. 
Rhys walked me to the door, and after a quick peck, he left. I took my usual seat, but was unexpectedly annoyed when Bryant took the seat beside me. I looked around, praying the teacher would show up. 
I didn’t want to talk to him, especially after hearing how he was interrogating Gemma for information about me. Anything I had to say to him wasn’t nice. I clenched my jaw shut, refusing to even acknowledge him. I looked at the door once more and didn’t see Kennedy. Why did she never come to class when I needed her most? 
“So, how’s it going?” Bryant asked. Apparently, he was in a good mood today. 
“Been better,” I replied and turned back around. 
“I’m sorry about your dad. I didn’t think…”
He was repentant again? Oh, he really screwed up. “Don’t bother, Bryant. You don’t have to apologize, just leave me alone.”
Thankfully, I was saved any further painful conversation when the teacher started her lecture. Once the class ended, I bolted out the door, ready to put as much space between Bryant and me as possible. I slid my bag higher on my shoulder and looked back, hoping I was finally in the clear. It all looked good. I exhaled, relieved to avoid that awful situation. 
“Genevieve!” Bryant huffed, exasperated as he grabbed my arm. 
“Let go of me!” I demanded and his grip loosened. 
“I don’t want to hurt you. I just want you to listen to me, dammit.” I stopped resisting and he dropped his hand all together. His green eyes watched me closely, waiting for me to run, but I wouldn’t if he just wanted to talk, so I let him. 
Bryant started walking and I fell in step beside him. 
“I didn’t think your dad would flip. He asks me how you’re doing every now and then and I say whatever. I’m sorry I just didn’t know what else to tell him.”
“How about you telling him you aren’t my keeper?” I started, building steam as I poked his chest. “I’m a grown woman! I don’t need you watching me, or reporting to my father.” He nodded and started to apologize again, but I shook my head. “Just stop doing it, okay?”
“So, are you really…” 
I waited for him to finish, but when I spotted Rhys heading our way, I could see murder written all over his face. 

31: “Mr. Brightside” The Killers
Rhys

This dude apparently, did not learn his lesson. Did he want to get his ass kicked again? If he so much as touched Gen, he was dead. 
“Get away from her!” I growled. He was smarter than I thought, and took a step back. 
“Rhys,” Gen started, placing a hand on my chest and gently nudging me away from Bryant. Her brown eyes were pinched with worry. I placed my hand over hers to ease her concern. “We were just talking.” 
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” 
“She wasn’t asking,” Bryant piped up. I pushed forward, but Gen’s hand was still trying to hold me back. 
“Rhys, just give me a minute please,” she pleaded, her eyes begging for me to back off. But how could I?
“You can’t be serious. Don’t you remember what he did to you? Are you going to let him walk all over you like your father?” I retorted. As soon as the words left my mouth, I wished I could pull them back, but there was no unsaying it. Gen’s face hardened and her hand dropped from mine.
“Go,” she whispered, barely concealing the anger she felt. 
“Gen, doll, you know I didn’t mean it,” I tried. 
“Please, just give me some space, Rhys,” she said before starting to walk away from me. I tried to follow, but Bryant had already caught up to her. I turned around, cussing my way back to my room. How did I manage to fuck things up so perfectly? 
“You look ready to murder someone,” Gemma joked before walking past me and into the dorm hall.
“Yeah, and his name is Bryant.” Gemma’s face scrunched in disgust. 
“You don’t need to do that. Gen only has eyes for you, dummy.” I gave her a dark look that conveyed I really thought otherwise. 
“Why was she talking to him then?” I complained. “Damn, Gemma, I think she’s going to dump me after that shit.” Gemma looked at me for a moment, probably waiting for a punch line. When she finally realized there wasn’t one, she pulled me into the lobby and demanded that I sit down. I readily obliged. You don’t say no to these girls when they turn on the bitch. 
“Rhys, don’t ever doubt my sister. She cares about you, and if you doubt her again, I will personally kick your ass! She never cared about Bryant, but you? She’s been crazy about you since the beginning.”
“But I fucked up,” I mumbled miserably. Just looking at Gemma made me feel worse. She reminded me of Gen too much. I hated that she was a twin sometimes. 
“How?” she asked gently. 
“I told her she was letting Bryant walk all over her like her father.” Gemma’s eyes narrowed in anger. 
She opened her mouth to say something, then took a calming breath before she spoke. “You’re right. If you said that to me, I would have probably bitched you out. Don’t use our daddy issues against us. Gen tries.”
“I know she’s working on it, and she’s amazing, but it just slipped out. I was so angry that she would even look at him! Let alone, talk to him.” 
Gemma nodded. “Okay, here’s the plan. I know you both are going to the next MMRD gig tonight. How about she goes with me and Kennedy instead? We meet you there and then you can make up? Give her a chance to calm down, and she will come around; but if you say anything like that to her again, I will personally be cutting off your balls.” She raised an eyebrow, waiting for my response. When I nodded, she clapped her hands. “Good, see you tonight.” 
I resisted the urge to ask more questions. I still wanted to apologize. How would I endure a couple of hours knowing she was pissed at me? I blinked in surprise. How obsessed I had become with Genevieve! That was not good. I went months without talking to her, why was I all of a sudden finding this so unbearable? One week and she consumed me. One week and I was no more than a useless sham. No one had ever done that to me, and it was most unsettling. I went to my room and called my sister, the psych student. 
“’Ello, Rhys.”
“Hey, Coll, do you have time to talk?” 
“Oh, of course. What’s up?”
“I think there’s something wrong with me.”
She snorted and tried to cover up her laugh. “You do know I’m not a doctor?”
“Coll, I need advice.”
“Go on…” she replied seriously. 
“I feel like shit; you know guilty isn’t something I normally feel.”
“You and Liam both are bastards, but you felt guilty when you were ignoring Gen. Does this have anything to do with her?”
“Am I that obvious?”
“Yup, love is the worse mental illness of all.” 
“I’m not in love,” I replied firmly. 
“Really, Rhys? Then why are you calling me? You miss Gen. You probably fucked up already, and because you are so hard on yourself, you think she won’t forgive you. Even though it was probably nothing, and you need to calm your tits before you have a panic attack or something.” Damn, did she hit the nail on the head, or what? 
“How’d you know?” 
“I’m training to be a psychologist; I just know these things,” Colleen replied, lying her ass off. “Gen called me to say she wasn’t going tonight because she didn’t feel good.” 
“What?” I asked in disbelief.
“Relax, I told her to come anyway. She agreed. Dude, she is mad as all hell. I hope you’re ready to grovel, and maybe even say I love you. If you really mean it, of course, and she will be eating from the palm of your hand after that.”
“Why did I ever take dating advice from Liam? Coll, you’re a genius!”
“So you’re going to tell her you love her?”
“No!” I yelled. “I don’t know about that one yet. I just think I can dig my way out of this if she comes tonight.”
“But…”
“Colleen, it’s too soon! There has to be some other reason for me to feel the way I do.”
“Besides love?” she asked incredulously. 
“Besides that.” 
“Okay; see you later,” she replied, unconvinced.
I hung up and thought over what Colleen said. Love. Is that what this is? Did I actually do what I swore I would never do? Had I fallen in love and not even realized it? Was that even possible? Could you fall in love without consent? Could someone really not witness it happening?
I thought of my relationship with Gen. She was special. I knew that from the beginning. I chased her like I never chased another woman. I protected her when the only other people I protected were Liam, Colleen, and Mom. I knew I didn’t deserve her and still, I selfishly took her. I promised her things I vowed I’d never give another person, but with her, it was so easy to say things and mean forever.  But that wasn’t love. I was a selfish man and that could never change. I wanted what I wanted. Eventually, it wouldn’t be Gen anymore because that’s how life is. I would surely have to keep repeating that some day, when Gen didn’t seem so special; but each time I said that, more doubt crept in. If I wanted someone else, wouldn’t it have happened already? I hadn’t stopped thinking about Gen for six months. I hadn’t even looked at another girl the way I did at Gen. My chest wouldn’t fucking hurt so much if she weren’t important. I wouldn’t have been irrationally jealous of that douche bag she had zero interest in. 
“Fuck,” I groaned when I finally realized Colleen was right. I am in love with Gen. My head finally caught up with what the rest of my body kept screaming. I love this girl, and all those things I told her about wanting her to be part of my eternity now felt like they could really happen. I said it that day because I wanted her to know I was serious. Now, I was as serious as a fucking funeral. Genevieve was part of my eternity. 
Now, if I could only get her to see that before she dumped my sorry ass. I paced around my room, debating different ideas. I couldn’t just apologize like before; and she barely forgave me then. She sure as hell wouldn’t forgive me this time, using the same sorry lines. 
I dug out my phone again and this time, called Liam.
“Yo, bro.”
“I need a big favor,” I started. 
“You mean besides making your girlfriend our new manager?”
“Yes, besides that.” I stopped myself from insulting him. It was serious.
“This better be good.”
“Can I join the band tonight?”
“Oh, this is going to be fucking epic!” Liam laughed.
 

 32: “I Hate Boys” Christina Aguilera
Genevieve

“Can you believe he freaked like that?” I fumed. Rhys totally overreacted. How could he be so upset over something that meant nothing to me? He knew what I thought about Bryant, and yet, he still acted like a jealous prick.
“I think you need to get ready,” Gemma replied, ignoring my complaints. 
“I really don’t want to go,” I whined. My blood began to boil with any thoughts of Rhys.
“You promised Colleen.” Damn! Now she was using the information I gave her against me. I knew she was still peeved that I hadn’t told her about the MMRD managing gig, not until after it was all said and done. I wouldn’t live this down for a very long time. “Get dressed,” she ordered. 
I stood up and walked to my closet. I didn’t have the energy to fight with her too. I dressed down, since it was freezing outside. All I wanted to do was listen to the band. Gemma didn’t talk much, but quietly got ready while blasting One Direction the entire time. Something was on her mind, and I had a sneaking suspicion I knew what, or better yet, who it was. 
We got into the car and I brought it up before I had to yell over the music. “Gemma, are you okay going out? You seem off.” Her frown quickly morphed into a fake smile I was so not believing, and she knew I saw right through it. 
“I’m great. Just don’t let me get drunk tonight and I’ll be fab,” she lied with the phony grin. “Oh, and we’re picking up Kennedy after her last class. I don’t know what possessed her to take a class on Thursday night; especially one that runs until nine,” Gemma added, deflecting anymore questions I might have had about her well being. If she wouldn’t ‘fess up, that meant I had to watch her more closely tonight. 
We picked up Kennedy, who was just as dressed down as we were. Boots, jeans, and sexy sweaters were all we dared to wear when the temperatures dipped into the negative digits. 
I pulled up to the bar and my anxiety slammed into me like a tank. Why was I doing this again? I just needed space; and I knew Rhys would be here. I was a little hurt that he hadn’t called, or barged into my room, demanding to know what happened. However, when I was completely honest with myself, I knew that wasn’t Rhys; he’d never do anything like that. He would approach me when he felt ready and calmer and we’d fix this just like we fixed everything else.
The bouncer recognized us and let us in before we even aimed for the line. 
“I guess there is a reason why we’re regulars,” Kennedy joked as we strolled over to the bar, ready to order our first round of the night. She opened her mouth to say something else, and Gem elbowed her to shut up. We told Kennedy in the car all about Rhys. Ella was holed up on RA duty, and it felt odd not having her around. 
I scanned the crowd, trying to find Colleen to prove to her I made it. That’s when I saw Bryant coming towards us. Shit! Just because I was nice to him earlier, did he really expect us to be friends after what happened? Okay, his apologies might have made me reconsider. I never saw Bryant get so down on himself, or seem so sincere. I debated whether or not to give him another chance at friendship, but I also couldn’t stop thinking about what was left of my relationship with Rhys. I wanted that to work. If Rhys couldn’t overcome his jealousy of Bryant, then Bryant would have to go. 
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I whisper-yelled at the girls. Kennedy gave Gemma a look, which was why Gemma elbowed her. I turned toward the doors to see Colleen walking in with the rest of the band, minus Liam and Rhys. They headed our way and Gemma’s eyes widened. 
“Um, good luck, sis!” Gemma said right before Bryant found us. 
“Hi, girls,” Bryant spoke cautiously. I was sure he expected Rhys to show up at any second and kick his ass. 
“What’s up Bry?” Gemma replied a little rudely. I gave her a look and she sighed, appearing frustrated. 
“I owe you an apology too, Gemma,” Bryant said. “I was a jerk! You didn’t deserve me trying to use you like I did, I’m sorry.” Gemma’s brown eyes widened in shock. She looked at me, finally understanding what I meant. Bryant really had changed. The old Bryant would have never apologized. He would have ignored us until we stopped holding our breath while waiting for his apology; or else, he would have given us some lame excuse, before turning it around on us. 
“Bryant, this is our friend, Kennedy.” I looked up to see Colleen and Trent. Colt was getting lost in the crowd, seeking his flavor of the week. “And this is Colleen and Trent. Colleen, Trent, this is Bryant.” 
Colleen’s blue eyes didn’t hide her shock. She knew that name. She plastered a fake smile onto her pretty face and greeted him like the polished diplomat of the group she was. 
I drew Trent’s and her attention away from Bryant as he talked to Gemma and Kennedy. “So where’s everyone else?” I asked and Colleen gave me a wicked smile. 
“They’re backstage already. We were a little late to the game,” Trent added, finally speaking for the first time. I knew he was a man of few words, and I couldn’t help observing how he was always near Colleen, but I never dared ask Rhys. He emitted the overprotective, big brother vibe. “I’m going to check on them,” he said as he shoved his hand through his shoulder-length, black hair. Colleen watched him walk away and my suspicions were confirmed, at least, on one side. 
“So…” I said, drawing her attention back to me. Colleen gave me a nervous look. “Is Rhys still mad?” I asked. 
“I don’t know if he’s mad, more like confused.” She gave Bryant another once-over. Rhys and he were complete opposites. Bryant had sandy brown hair and pale green eyes. He acted preppy, almost like he had a stick up his butt most days. Rhys, on the other hand, was dark with expressive blue eyes that, I swear, glowed in the dark. He was sexy in a way I knew Bryant could never be, and honest. Rhys was twice the man Bryant was and I guess that’s why I was sunk. I never told Rhys how I felt; and now, I was regretting never saying I love you. Yes, it was rather soon, but some connections were undeniable; and my connection with Rhys was rare and sacred. 
“How am I going to get him to forgive me?” She smiled at hearing that. 
“I’m sure he’s forgotten about it already.” I saw Liam waving her onto the stage. “I have to get going. Oh, listen to the first two songs. Liam wanted to make sure you heard them before you had one too many.” She shook her head and smiled before speaking to Gemma, Kennedy, and Bryant and walking backstage. 
“She’s part of the band?” Bryant asked incredulously. 
“Yup, she is Rhys and Liam’s little sister,” Kennedy replied like it was obvious. “Don’t touch!” she admonished jokingly. 
I couldn’t help but laugh at the startled look on Bryant’s face. 
“Rhys would kill me if I even thought about it,” he ventured to say.
“You’re probably right,” I agreed. 
“She wouldn’t even give you the time of day; she is so hooking up with the guitarist,” Gemma added. 
“You saw that too?” I asked. Then we started talking about Trent and Colleen, along with the likelihood of her brothers knowing they were an item. 
“I don’t know if they’re an item,” I opined. “Trent’s a good guy. He’s known them all since forever. I don’t think he’d do that to Rhys and Liam.” I saw Gemma’s lips purse when I said Liam’s name, but I didn’t say anything more, fearing she’d just shut down again. Kennedy gave me a look that asked, what did I miss? I couldn’t answer that question just yet.
I turned to see the band on stage. Liam was his usual sexy, egocentric self. He started talking and flirting with the girls in the front row. “We have a treat tonight, ladies. No, it isn’t me, as most of you probably wish,” he teased with a naughty wink. 
“I swear everything that man does is like porn,” Kennedy commented, making both Bryant and Gemma uncomfortable. 
“Let’s start with a very special song, and one I hold near and dear to my heart,” he said, that shit-eating grin still on his face. I saw him look through the crowd and pause momentarily when his eyes landed on my group. Then he started in with Selena Gomez’s “Come and Get It.” I heard a huff of frustration from Gemma. 
“Bryant, want to dance? I can’t watch this,” Gemma said, surprising us all. Bryant nodded, although he seemed just as shocked as Kennedy and I. 
“What’s with her?” Kennedy asked when they were out of earshot. 
“I think she may have hooked up with Liam.”
“Shut up!” she snapped, surprised. 
“She’s been really distant; and after that fight with our dad, she’s been extra quiet. She hasn’t opened up about it; but this song is all about Liam and Gemma.”
“The song he dedicated to her?” I nodded. It made me suspicious when he wanted to play it again, but I had my own inkling this was the song they played when I shared my second kiss with Rhys. It made me kind of partial to the song. Speaking of Rhys, I hadn’t seen him yet. He was always nearby, watching his siblings perform. It was starting to  worry me. He couldn’t be that mad, or could he?

33: “Endlessly” The Cab
Rhys

I paced backstage while waiting for the band to finish their set. Why was I so nervous? I shook out my hands, trying to ease the tension. Gigs never made me feel anxious, but what I was doing scared me to death. Liam had just finished the Selena Gomez cover and he looked ready to punch something. I tried to scan the crowd to see what was pissing him off so much, but I couldn’t see anything obvious. He ended that song and quickly went into “Temporary.” It was a typical MMRD song about using and replacing women, which was all Liam, Colt, and I ever wrote about. Love songs weren’t our thing; how could you write something you didn’t know anything about? We were a group of man whores and a sheltered, little sister. Our music reflected that. Party songs, one-night-stands, and getting rid of clingy girls. Now that I look back, how did anyone even want to listen to us? We were complete assholes! 
I paced back and forth. I had already seen Genevieve, but she was with Bryant. I wanted to hit something, however, Colleen calmed me down. Gen was looking for me. That meant she wasn’t as mad as she was earlier. I planned a big apology and just needed to grow a pair in order to do it. I shook my hands out again as Colleen bounced off the stage first. 
“We gotta special treat tonight for all you long-time MMRD fans!” Liam started. Someone yelled something. “Not that kinda treat, baby, but we can always negotiate after the show,” he replied in the way that only Liam could pull off. I heard complaints as Liam sat down at the keyboard. 
Colleen threw me a mic and it was showtime. Liam started the song while playing the keyboard alone.  It was one of those simple things that the band never did. 
“There’s a shop down the street,
 where they sell plastic rings,
for a quarter a piece, I swear it.
Yeah, I know that it's cheap,
not like gold in your dreams,
but I hope that you'll still wear it.”
I came out at the start of the next verse when Trent, Colt, and Colleen joined in. Damn, my gaze instantly went to Genevieve as she watched me with wide eyes. 
“Yeah, the ink may stain my skin,
and my jeans may all be ripped.
I'm not perfect, but I swear,
I'm perfect for you.” 
Liam came back in to sing the chorus with me.
“…and there's no guarantee,
that this will be easy.
It's not a miracle ya need, believe me.
Yeah, I'm no angel, I'm just me,
but I will love you endlessly.
Wings aren't what you need, you need me.”
We finished the song together, and I never took my eyes away from Gen. This was my big chance to do it right. The crowd was in an uproar. When the song finally ended, I hopped off the stage, leaving Liam to clean up my mess. 
“That my friends, is my lovesick, big brother, Rhys. Give ‘em a hand,” Liam announced at the end.
I tuned him and everyone else out as I made my way to Gen. She was staring at me with those big, golden eyes I loved so fucking much. 
“Can you forgive me?” She nodded her head enthusiastically before wrapping her arms around my neck. 
“There was never anything to forgive,” she whispered before her soft mouth found mine. I groaned with relief as the weight of the world fell off my shoulders. She pulled back, smiling brightly at me. As if fucking unicorns were coming out my ears or something. 
“Because it wasn’t just an apology.” Her smile dimmed. “I love you, Gen.” She looked at me, and her teeth bit her bottom lip as she thought of something to say. 
“I don’t think I can compete with that. I love you, too. But I don’t think you want me to sing it.” I laughed, pulling her back into my arms. 
“You guys are so cute, it hurts.” Gemma smiled as she took a shot of something. I didn’t care; I was too focused on the girl in my arms. My girl.
“As manager of the band now, I think I have to make an executive decision: MMRD is not the same without you,” Gen said, almost as a joke. “You belong up there.”
“Babe, I think Liam is a much better singer.” She rolled her eyes. 
“But, he’s nowhere near as sexy as you are.” 
“Keep saying things like that and we’ll barely make it to the car.” 
“Things like what?” she asked, a mischievous look lighting up her gorgeous face. “Sexy?” She enunciated slowly for me. “I like the idea of doing naughty things in the back of your car,” she teased as her tongue darted to the edge of my mouth. 
“You’re gonna be the death of me.”
“At least, it’ll be a happy death,” she mocked before pulling me towards the exit. She threw Gemma her car keys and became a hell of a lot more aggressive. Yup, this girl had me fucking sunk, as surely as the Titanic. 
I let her drag me out of the crowded bar. She was ready to get moving and I couldn’t blame her. I was more turned on than ever. My girl told me she loved me and intended to make it official in the backseat of my car. Did I mention how sunk I was? Because if it were possible, I loved this crazy, wild girl even more. 
“Open the car,” she demanded in a sweet, but needy voice. Her voice always got a sexy rasp when she was turned on, and tonight, it was full-blown. I pushed her against my car. 
“I need a kiss before that happens.” She didn’t argue, and her lips found mine with no protest. I slid my hands down her waist and under her shirt. She moaned softly and I explored further until I felt the silky softness of her bra. 
“Rhys,” she groaned when I pinched her nipple. “Car now,” she gasped. 
I quickly opened the back door for her. She pulled me on top of her before I even had a chance to watch her cute butt bounce into the car. 
Her kisses were hot and intoxicating. Eagerly, her hands pulled on my belt, while mine began unbuttoning her pants. I was ready to see just how frisky my beautiful doll was. She took me in both hands and I groaned against her neck. Fuck! If she kept this up, I’d barely make it inside of her. 
“Now,” she pleaded. I pulled at her jeans. 
“If you were wearing a dress right now, it might be a lot easier,” I countered, still taking my sweet ass time. 
“I like my appendages without frostbite; thank you very—” She stopped talking and moaned when my fingers slipped into her panties. 
“Oh fuck, Rhys,” she sighed.
“That’s what I like to hear,” I teased as I kissed her neck. Her hands snaked up to my shoulders, digging her fingernails into my skin despite my tee-shirt. Gen liked to leave marks after lovemaking and I was perfectly okay with that. 
“Off!” she commanded as she started to pull the shirt over my head. I continued to tease her, just to hear the sweet, little moans escaping her mouth. “Oh, Rhys!” she cried as I felt her fall over the edge. She was so fucking beautiful, I knew I’d never get tired of watching her. I kissed her soundly, while fumbling with my wallet. I found the elusive condom and pushed inside her, needing her more than my next breath. Her body was still going through the aftershocks of her last orgasm and she tightened around me. I closed my eyes, trying to tap some inner strength I prayed I still possessed.
 “You feel so fucking amazing,” I growled as I pushed inside her again, more forcefully. Her nails dug into my back, but I didn’t care how many scratches she left. I looked into those honey-colored eyes and saw everything I ever wanted. Love. This girl fucking loved me. I kissed her and started to move slowly for the first time in my life. I took my time, cherishing every second with Gen. This was the first time we made love that was in a whole other caliber compared to regular sex. It was life-altering and scary, both at once, but she was the only woman I trusted to give myself away to.
“I love you,” she sighed as she came apart beneath me. I followed her lead and kissed her mouth before seeking my own release. I lay on top of her, just kissing her and repeating how much I loved her. 
Once we got dressed and cleaned up as best we could in the back seat of a car, she fell onto my lap. I wrapped my arms around her. This moment would be forever etched in my mind, and one I’d remember forever. This was the first time I realized I had everything I ever wanted.

34: “Style” Taylor Swift
Genevieve
We were finally going on our first date. The one he promised me a week ago. Who knew I would see him every day? Or be saying I love you before our date happened? Things always seemed to be on the fast track with Rhys. For once, I was happy we could take our time and be alone together besides when we were in his room. Talking didn’t happen when Rhys and I were alone privately. Going to the House of Blues festival meant we could be a couple in public without our siblings and friends watching every single thing we did. 
I rolled over to get a good look at Rhys while he still slept. He was all mine. His beautiful tattoos that covered one arm and his chest drew me to him now as much as when we met six months ago. I had all of them memorized and skimmed over each tattoo, never growing tired of doing that. Just like I never seemed to tire of him. I couldn’t determine if he or I had the more insatiable appetite for the other, but either way, I was perfectly content to remain naked and wrapped up in his arms for the rest of eternity. 
“You going to stare at me all morning, doll?” Rhys asked. His night’s sleep made his voice sound huskier than normal. He cracked one eye open, then the other, before pulling me on top of him. 
“Maybe I just wanted to look at you without having to explain.” 
“You never have to explain when you are eye-fucking me.” 
“What?” I snorted, feeling embarrassed. He kissed me, without allowing me to move. 
“You heard me. Proceed with your eye-fuck.” I felt the blood rushing to my face and he just laughed. How could someone be so self-assured in his sexiness?
“I’m not going to look at you anymore,” I said, hiding my burning face on his bare chest. He just laughed. 
“Well, if no eye-screwing will be taking place, then what about the real deal?” I slapped his chest, mortified at how open he was. No shame over anything. I loved and envied that about Rhys. I wanted to possess that level of confidence. I envied that kind of assuredness and being able to say what I wanted without feeling embarrassed. I also wanted to keep the man who made me discover all those things. 
“The festival starts in an hour.” 
“Then it seems like we should be getting ready,” he said, sitting up. I slid off his lap, freeing him to stand and shower, but when he got up, he turned and threw me over his shoulder in one smooth move, taking advantage of my surprise and shock.
“Rhys!” I squealed. “Put me down. I’m naked.” I said, hitting his back.
“Isn’t that how you normally take a shower?” he asked before placing me gently on the floor of his bathroom. He held my shoulder, keeping me in place as he ran the water. 
“You in?” he challenged me. 
“Like you couldn’t guess,” I replied, stepping into the shower and shrieking when ice cold water rushed over me. 
“You should’ve waited, doll,” Rhys chided as he increased the hot water. When he finally stepped in, that treacherous, crooked smile of his made me forget why I was supposed to be upset. “Now let’s get you cleaned up.” 
He seemed to take his sweet time washing me, leaving a sensual trail of kisses everywhere he scrubbed. My body was putty in Rhys’s hands, and he was free to do whatever he wanted. The man held mystical powers: he knew how to turn regular women into combustible sex slaves.  I would gladly bear the burden of satisfying his needs, I thought as I endowed him with the same tenderness and attention he showed toward me. 
My hand slid down his chest. I was following the line of hair under his belly button, going ever lower until I heard his muttered curse. I kissed his mouth and continued with my exploration.  Maybe I had that whole thing wrong about Rhys’s powers. He never even let me finish. Pushing me against the slick bathroom wall, he leaned down to taste my mouth.
~~~

 Rhys had to pull me along beside him, for once too excited to move at the pace of my short legs. We were in the parking lot, walking toward the giant venue where the festival was located. On the way over, Rhys kept rattling off name after name of local bands, semi-famous bands, and a handful of bands that I’d actually heard of. He seemed to know everyone and wanted to listen to anything they played. His excitement grew contagious as my stomach did a few somersaults before we walked through the doors and heard music coming from every direction. 
His face lit up, and I instantly knew what he meant when he said he’d be showing me a piece of him. Not true. He revealed everything to me here. Music meant the whole world to him, even though he didn’t play anymore. He was never very far from the sound of a cymbal clanging, or the strum of an electric guitar. It was in his blood, his soul, and his family. He was happily sharing all of that with me by bringing me here. 
As we moved from band to band, collecting autographs, taking photos with band members, and listening and/or buying CDs, Rhys seemed to overflow with happiness. He’d tell me interesting snippets about the last time he was here, or the similarity between the bands; and all I could do was laugh and nod my understanding. I was totally out of my league. I once thought I knew something about music, but not after I met Rhys. I understood the business, but he knew music. His knowledge spanned over numerous genres, ages, and spectrums I barely knew existed. Rhys was well acquainted with them all. 
“So?” Rhys said after we decided to leave. We spent the entire afternoon there. 
“I’m sorry, I can’t hear you anymore,” I joked, cupping my ear for emphasis. He squeezed my shoulder, laughing. 
“Very funny.” 
“I had a great time.” 
“Good,” he replied, trying to keep a serious face, but failing as we moved along. 
“What’s on your mind?” 
“That’s what I’ve always wanted. I…” He stopped when I laughed. “What’s so funny?” 
“Thank God. I thought you weren’t going to say it. I get it, Rhys; and you are an eclectic blend of musical genius. You know way more than I ever will; and MMRD will be lost without you.”
“Not what I was going to say, but a good try.” My face lost the smile, turning serious when his features lit up even more. 
“I wanted to tell you I applied for the internship at LaFarve Media.” He laughed. “I got an email today saying I was accepted.” 
“You were accepted? As in, my dad accepted you?” He smiled and I literally jumped into his arms. “Oh, my God! We get to spend the summer working together!” He lifted me and gave me a quick spin in the parking lot, evoking some weird looks from passersby. 
“Yup, It finally registered in my mind when I went to the bathroom, earlier.” 
“I think this is cause for a celebration!”
“Because we didn’t have plans to see MMRD tonight at that new bar?” he teased. 
“Well, now we have a good reason to celebrate. Dinner?” 
“Whatever you want, I’m fully compliant,” he joked as he opened the door for me to get into his car. He kissed my forehead before he went to his side and got in. 
During the entire ride, we talked about all the celebrities we’d meet and how much fun we’d have. My dad may have just rectified every crappy thing he inflicted on me with one gesture: accepting my boyfriend. 
Rhys’s phone rang and he rolled his eyes when the name appeared on the screen for his Bluetooth. His mom was calling. 
“Hi, Ma,” Rhys said with a little more Irish in his tone. 
“Rhys, you’ve been avoidin’ me calls!” she exclaimed, and her much heavier Irish accent made me giggle.  “Will I be seein’ you an’ that girlfriend o’ yours tomorrow?”
“Ma, I’m not ready to scare her away.” 
“So you admit you have a girlfriend? Thank Jesus! I thought I was a failure as a mother fer a minute.” I couldn’t hold my laughter in for another second. This woman was the original source of the brash way all the Moore children spoke. “She’s ridin’ in the car with you?” his mother asked. 
“Yes, Ma.” 
“Lovely ta speak ta you, honey. Although I’m not sure what yer name is because Rhys has been hidin’ you better than he hid his Playboys as a boy.” 
“Ma!” Rhys snapped and I only continued laughing harder. Tears began blurring my vision. Yup, total family resemblance. 
“I’m Genevieve. Mrs.—” I stopped talking when Rhys mouthed Kathleen to me. “Kathleen.”
“Lovely ta hear yer voice, Genevieve. I do hope ta meet you soon. 
“Lovely to hear you too, I see where Rhys and Liam get their sense of humor from.” 
“That’s not all they git from me, but you’ll learn soon enough,” she laughed. Rhys eventually answered some more questions before we hung up the phone. 
“Oh, I like her,” I confessed with one final giggle. 

“You won’t be saying that after you meet her,” he challenged playfully.


 35: “Girls Chase Boys” Ingrid Michaelson
Genevieve
Five months later…

I looked over at Rhys again. I couldn’t believe I was actually doing this: meeting his family! His mom, more importantly. Rhys always made it to Sunday dinner with Colleen, Liam, his mom, and her husband. We left our internship at my dad’s office and went straight there. I felt overdressed in my fancy cocktail dress and heels, but Rhys reassured me that I was fine. She’d have been happy to see me in a trash bag, as long as she finally got to meet me. 
We didn’t normally work Sundays, but there was a big gala for the office. They were celebrating the opening of a new music production division in Boston. So technically, we were working, but also enjoying plenty of hors d’oeuvres and wine. I was flushed warm and my face felt hot, but we couldn’t cancel now. 
Rhys smiled at me, trying to ease my nerves, but that wasn’t helping. He walked in and shouted we were there. Colleen and Liam were at the door, waiting. Colleen hugged me, and Liam made a private comment about my dress that earned him a dark look from Rhys. I ruffled the beanie on Liam’s head that he’d been wearing for a few days. He said something about Colleen messing up the blue streak in his hair. Rhys took my hand and guided me through the hall, past the dining room, and into a spacious kitchen. 
There was a bright backsplash around the kitchen sink and it just screamed homey. I smiled when a woman with huge, blue eyes smiled at me. She had to be in her forties or fifties, but appeared in great shape nevertheless. 
“Well, it’s aboot bloody time!” she said with a very much present Irish accent. I couldn’t help smiling. Now I knew where the Moores’ potty mouths came from. 
She hugged Rhys, and when she let go of me, she took in my whole outfit slowly. 
“You are more perfect than Rhys described,” she gushed with a welcoming smile that made me grin happily before she took me in for another hug. 
“Forgot to warn you: Mom’s a bit of a hugger,” Liam joked. She shot him a dark look. 
“Don’t start with me!” she admonished and I laughed. She did exactly what Rhys does everyday: mixing all those adorable Irish sayings with Americanisms. 
Kathleen, Rhys’s mother, took my hand and began guiding me around the kitchen. She was telling me embarrassing stories about all the Moore kids, but particularly, Rhys. I laughed out loud when she told me about his nudist days. Meanwhile, Rhys just sat around, talking softly to his siblings while trying to ignore the mortifying anecdotes his mother was divulging to me. 
An older gentleman came in a few minutes after Rhys and me, who had a wide, crinkly smile. “Bob Pratt,” he announced, “husband number two, if you ask the kids.” He joked the entire time. I laughed because he was mostly right; the kids actually did refer to him as Two, instead of Bob, like he was a secret agent or something. 
“Nice to meet you, Bob. I’m Genevieve.” 
“I don’t get it. Why would Rhys bring you home knowing Liam would be here?” I laughed harder at that. 
“Don’t be daft. She’s already turned down Liam’s lusty offers. She’s a strong woman. That’s why Rhys is so smitten,” Kathleen explained as she gave me a one-armed hug. His family was so warm and happy, they didn’t even seem real. 
Rhys heard his name being spoken and came to rescue me. Much to his surprise, I was getting along splendidly with his parents. I only wished my parents were so down-to-earth. He gave me an innocent kiss on the forehead before helping his well trained siblings set the table. Honestly, I never imagined the Moores would be so well adjusted. Setting the table together, laughing at each other’s stories… it was like an episode of 7th Heaven, only with a lot more cussing. 
My phone rang and I looked down to see it was my dad. I left the bowl of salad I was carrying on the table. 
“Go ahead, take it,” Rhys urged me as he went back into the kitchen. 
“Hi, Dad,” I answered. 
“Hey honey, do you and Rhys want to go out for—”
“Dad, we’re at Rhys’s house for Sunday dinner, remember?” 
“Oh, right.” 
“Why don’t you ask Gemma? She’s coming back from the Cape this week.”
“Not coming back until tomorrow,” he answered quickly. I felt momentarily bad. I knew how much my dad hated eating alone. 
“I’m sorry, Dad. If you don’t want to go out, there’re some menus in the top drawer by the fridge.”
Kathleen walked in and heard the end of my conversation. 
“We can do something tomorrow night if you want.” 
Kathleen walked up to me and put her hand out to take my phone. I was a little afraid of her, so I obliged. She wasn’t a woman you disobeyed. I knew that from only a few minutes in her home. 
“Mr. LaFarve, this is Kathleen, Rhys’s mother. Oh thank you,” she replied to a compliment my father must have said about her accent. She rattled off her address and ended with, “See you in twenty minutes.” My eyes widened. Did she just do what I think she did?
“Rhys,” I called as Kathleen handed me my phone, looking proud of herself. Too proud of herself. I was only on the verge of hyperventilating. “Rhys,” I tried again. Kathleen looked at me, confused, and the smile vanished from her face. 
“Are you okay, Gen?” she asked. Rhys and Liam looked like they were ready to kick someone’s ass, but stopped, appearing bewildered when they just saw me standing with their mother. 
“What’s wrong?” Liam asked with a disappointed frown. 
“My dad’s on his way over.” Rhys looked at me and his forehead creased in thought before a small smile curled up his lips. “That’s not funny,” I admonished and he broke out into a full-blown smile. Bastard. He knew that smile would only distract me from my impending doom. My dad’s judgmental nature was not manageable yet; he still made nasty remarks about Rhys, but always played them off when I glared at him. 
“I see him every day. He’ll be fine. Stop worrying,” Rhys said, enveloping me in a calming hug. Liam and Kathleen looked at us, then shrugged, and walked back into the kitchen to finish up. 
“What if he doesn’t like the way Liam and Colleen look? Or he says something?” Rhys just rocked me a little. 
“He won’t say anything. Besides, we already know he doesn’t like Liam. This is going to be so much fun.” I gave him an incredulous look. 
“I thought we interrogated Liam and Gemma long enough to give that up.” 
“Well, then tonight is the true test,” Rhys countered with a devious grin I couldn’t help loving. 
“You would find something entertaining about this.” Rhys guided me back into the kitchen to help finish setting the table. 
A few minutes later, my dad arrived, and I opened the door with Rhys and his mom. Everyone was at the dining room table, eager to get dinner served. My dad and Kathleen fell into easy conversation. He even told her to call him Victor. Something he didn’t even let Rhys do. I think he was still trying to intimidate Rhys to emphasize how special I was. My dad sat down beside me and looked around the table, introducing himself to everyone. He did a double take at Liam, and Rhys’s smile widened as he anticipated the upcoming explosion. 
“Do I know you, Liam?” my father asked politely. 
“No, sir, but I look a lot like Rhys so…” The way Liam answered was suspicious, but he did look a lot like his older brother. My dad stared for a moment longer and dropped it. He started making small talk with Bob and Kathleen. I exhaled, without even realizing I was holding my breath. 
“I guess that was the true test to see if Liam and Gemma hooked up,” Rhys grumbled. Over the last few months, Liam and Gemma just couldn’t seem to get along. Rhys and I were sure it was because of some kind of falling out. Guess, we were wrong. 
I tuned back into the conversation at the table. 
“Really, Mr. LaFarve? That would be amazing!” Colleen chimed in happily. Her bleached-blonde hair was pretty tame compared to her other hairstyles, and I knew my dad didn’t even look twice at it. 
I turned to my father, confused by the change in topic. 
“Oh, I’m sure if I told Karen I was here right now, she would gut me for having met Rhys’s family without her.” He had a point about my mother. “I’m sure she would love to have your company at the Cape too,” he added. “We should plan a time that would work best for all of you.” My father smiled. I looked at Rhys, thinking this was going really well. My dad liked Rhys’s family enough to invite them on a trip to the Cape to stay with us, no less. I touched Rhys’s leg, sighing with relief; this went so much better than I hoped. 

“And that’s how it’s done, babe,” Rhys said into my ear before he kissed my cheek. 

Find Out What happens next in One More Night (MMRD #2) Coming in Winter 2015.
Prologue: “La La” The Cab
Liam
“Colt, I’ll be back,” I said, running towards the entrance of the club. Rhys and Gen had just shown up, and I stopped in my tracks. Gemma was with them, and so was her godawful friend, Ella. Fuck, double fuck. 
I was ready to backtrack when Gen spotted me and started waving me over. 
I really didn’t want to deal with Gemma again. It’s not that she was crazy or anything like Ella; no, it was the complete opposite. Gemma wasn’t crazy like most girls. No, she was driving me to the fucking brink of murder crazy. No girl ever played me the way she did and I would never let that happen again. She played me better than Colleen could drum, and in the span of one night. The worse part? She knew exactly what she was doing. But I still followed her like she was the only bloody water in the desert. It took dozens of girls to get my mind off her. Hell, I would need a booster after tonight. She was wearing this fucking dress that looked like it was painted on. Every fucking thing about Gemma screamed sex. I had to talk myself down before I fucking mauled her. That was my problem with Gemma. She fucked with my head so bad, and then stood there, all smug and unaffected, taunting me with how unimportant I was to her.
I gave Gen a hug and punched Rhys in the arm, playfully, of course. I turned to my fucking sex dream personified. “Hey, Ella.” Gemma glared at me, “Oh, you too, Gemma.” 
“Fuck you too!” she retorted before storming off. Ella gave me one more longing look. I messed with her, too. She was hot: big tits and pretty red hair, but unfortunately she was like too many. Ella was a basket case. After hooking up with me twice, (and one of those didn’t even count since it was just a fucking blow job), she thought she had some claim of ownership on me. Yeah, I may have made out with a lot of girls just to drill the message home: no woman owned me. No woman could ever own me, because, unlike my dumb, older brother, I knew there were tons of girls out there, waiting for me. Settling down was never an option for me. I couldn’t even think past a single night of fucking to something beyond that; and when I did, shit tended to blow up in my face. 
I was still seeing red as I made my way back to the stage. Colt had his unsuspecting victim for the night and was already looking like he could eat her whole. Fuck, I was so amped because I saw Gemma. I needed my own plaything. I had to get rid of this hard-on before I got on stage. Scoping out the packed club was useless.
My vision honed in on Gemma and Ella, who were dancing seductively in front of the stage. That fucking woman was trying to kill me! But I intended to get even. I jumped in, squeezing between them, and focusing all my attention on Ella. 
“Go away!” Gemma complained before she stopped dancing when she noticed it was me. 
“Aw, lass, you know this is exactly what you were waiting for,” I said in my best Irish accent. Ella didn’t stop dancing with me, so I pulled her against me and let her feel how fucking badly I needed her. 
“Ella, back away before he breathes an STD on you!” Gemma snapped. Ella was watching my eyes closely, but not quite sure what was up with me. Normally, I would have avoided Ella like the plague. I didn’t need her kind of bonkers in my life, but Gemma was fucking with me again. And I needed to fuck, so all rational thought was gone. Yes!!! I was thinking solely with my throbbing cock. 
When Ella didn’t back away like Gemma so rudely suggested, Gemma started stomping her feet in a huff. Spoiled brat much? 
“Ella, think about what happened last time. You don’t want any part of Liam Moore!” She tried for sympathy, but Ella was already trapped. Her almond-shaped, green eyes didn’t waver from my face. 
“Backroom, love?” She bit her lower lip in contemplation. Her hand grazed my hard- as-a-rock dick and she grabbed my hand, instantly pulling me toward the backroom. 
“Un-fucking-believable!” Gemma complained as she stormed off, looking for Gen and Rhys. Ella kept pulling me along, but I had to turn around to see Gemma’s pert ass squeezed into that tiny dress and those legs that seemed to go on forever. Damn! She was a sight. 
“Were you just trying to piss Gemma off? Or are you for real?” Ella inquired when she shoved me into the small backroom we often used before we went on stage. It was empty because everyone liked to mingle before shows. Normally, I would have been screwing someone in there, so the others learned to avoid it. 
“Baby, you feel this?” I said, placing her hand over the bulge in my tight, black jeans, “That’s all fucking you.” Those were all the words Ella needed. She pushed me onto the dark couch. Her lips plumped up, ready to do all the fucking things I needed so badly right now. 
Her mouth found mine and I jumped into it. I started to unzip the front of her short dress. I loved this new craze of front zippers. Access just became a million times easier for scumbags like me. She moaned as my hands grazed her nipples. 
“Oh, Liam,” she sighed and it took me right back to the fucking night I was trying so hard to forget. 

Five months earlier.
“Screw off,” Gemma said as she pushed herself from the bar and started walking in the opposite direction. She looked like the fucking sexiest stripper in the universe. She had on black leather, and thigh-high boots that had me seeing stars. Just the possibility of her wrapping those leather-clad legs around my waist as I pounded into her until she cried my name… There was a small slip of creamy, white leg that showed between her dress, which barely covered her ass, and her boots. Fuck, I wanted to touch her so much. I knew it was a bad idea. Rhys already warned me off. He didn’t want anything messing up his chances with Genevieve, her twin sister. 
It was such a bad idea to follow her, but I couldn’t stop myself. 
“I’m really offended, mentaller.” I said, dropping the accent. I knew she wouldn’t know that I called her crazy, but hey, she could Google that shit if she were really curious.
“What did you call me?” Just like a hungry fish, she took the bait. Her warm brown eyes narrowed on me as she stopped and turned, waiting for me to elaborate. 
“Beautiful?” I tried.
She wasn’t swallowing it. I liked that she thought I was full of shit. Most girls took what I said at face value and never called me out on the mounds of crap I spewed. She was not one of those women. She crossed her arms over her chest, making my eyes drop momentarily to see her cleavage, and imagine her plump breasts pressed together. 
“Wipe the drool, ass. My eyes are up here.” Did she really just say that to me? I knew my mouth was hanging open. I was no less than stunned she fucking said that. Who says shit like that? 
“Listen,” I replied as I started looking into those eyes that never showed anything but accusation and hostility toward me. “Your eyes remind me of toasted almonds.” She stared at me long and hard for a moment. Then she did something I never thought I would hear. She laughed in a way that I felt all the way down to my balls. That sound momentarily blinded me with unbridled arousal. 
“Is that the best you got?” she joked. 
“Oh, please! I’ve got plenty more than that,” I countered. “You’re wearing stripper boots.” She looked at me, a small smile playing on her sweet mouth. I wanted that fucking mouth all over me right about now. I kept watching her mouth as her small smile turned into a frown. 
I wanted her to laugh again… No, I needed her to laugh again. 
“Rhys and Gen are leaving. I bet I won’t be seeing her tonight.” She sighed and turned to order a drink at the bar. I didn’t recognize the bartender, but if he kept looking down the front of her dress like that, we would get real fucking acquainted fast. 
“You jealous?” I asked, wanting to know what was spinning in that blonde, little head of hers. 
She gave me a suspicious look. “Stays between us?” I nodded and she continued. “I’m just so tired of Gen getting it all. She gets Dad’s attention, the fucking company, the RA I pointed out… for once, I just want something good for me. Does that make me a bitch?” she asked, turning to me. This conversation just got deeper than I ever anticipated. 
“Not at all. I’m sure there is something good in your future,” I replied, leaning closer to her so the goddamned bartender would back the hell up. He got the message. 
“Like?” she asked and a small smile lit up her face. 
“Like I understand exactly what you’re going through.” She snorted; and I think  just maybe it turned me on a little, not that I’d admit it out loud. Everything she did went straight to my throbbing cock. 
“I doubt that,” she replied. 
“Darling, I have middle child syndrome. Why do you think I’m the lead singer of a band? I’m overcompensating.” She laughed. 
“I thought you were overcompensating for what was in your pants, not because you shared the spotlight with your brother and sister.” 
“Well, you have to find that one out on your own,” I purred. 
“Did you just proposition me?” she asked, and a lovely blush seeped into her cheeks.
“Only if you want it to be a proposition.” 
She bit her lip, visibly at war with something. She looked around the club before her attention finally returned to me. 
“One night,” she started. “I don’t want to ruin whatever Gen and Rhys have. Then we never talk about it again.” A girl after my own fucking heart!
I kissed her hand and started to pull her out of the club. That is exactly what I needed. 

“Liam?” Ella said, bringing me out of my daze. She was partially naked and my hands were inside her panties. 
“Yeah, darling?” 
“You stopped.”
“Sorry,” I said, shutting off my fucking brain and doing what I needed to do. Forget Gemma!
Acknowledgements:
I don’t think I’ll ever be good at writing these but I love to say thank you. 
Everything I write is always a product of the patience my husband has. He lets me ignore him for days and remembers to feed me. He tells me when something sounds off or makes no sense. He helps me get inside the male psyche. I love and thank you for all of that Jay. 
To the fabulous Teri, for editing and bringing the Irish up to par. 
To my family that always gives me the most dysfunctional conversations to include whether they know it or not! 
To everyone that takes a chance on reading what I write. You are amazing! Thank you.

Lyza
Want more from Lyza Ledo?
Check out these other titles:
Secrets Trilogy (Available Now)
Secret’s Out
Hidden
Revelations

The Rena Files (Available Now)
The Rena Files
Puzzled
Familiar
Return
Freefall

Encante Series (Available Now)
Enchanted
Enlightened
Entitled ( Coming in 2016)

Deserters Series (Available Now)
Deserted
Relinquished (Coming in 2016)

Connect with Lyza Ledo at
www.lyzaledo.com
Facebook: www.facebook.com/lyzaledobooks
Twitter: Lyzaledo
Goodreads: Lyza Ledo

