Only for You
by L.A.Shorter
Published by Lindsey Shorter at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 L.A.Shorter

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the
copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for
commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage
your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also
discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Prologue
April 18th 2013
Grace 
I never thought I'd end up in a place like this. The rank smell of vomit drifting from a half closed cubicle. The damp walls, paint cracked and pealing. The heavy thud of noise from above, pulsing through the floor. 
I looked in the mirror in front of me, stained and chipped, and saw a shadow. A shadow of the girl I once was, the girl I wanted to be. But it was too late. I'd changed. Life had changed me. My once bright blue eyes were sullen as I looked at my reflection, my hair dirty and unkempt. I looked half dead, like one of those zombies you see on TV, nothing behind my eyes. If only my mother could see me now. But she couldn't. She never could again.
The door snapped open behind me and a couple of girls piled in, stumbling over each other. I saw them in the mirror, girls that I'd once frowned upon, girls I'd once pitied. Now I was one of them. They walked to the counter beside me and started cutting lines, snorting down their cocaine with relish. Their noses were red, their eyes shot to death. Just like mine.
“Fancy a line,” one said to me. Krista, her name was, she was down here a lot. I didn't need it, didn't want it, but I did it anyway. That's what my life had become. 
“Sure,” I said, my tone barely registering any sincere thanks. It seemed generous, but I knew what they were snorting. I knew how much actual cocaine there was in there. It was nothing, cheap. Anyway, I'd gone beyond the point where I'd thank anyone for anything these days. 
The usual burning sensation wasn't there. I was beyond that point; numb. It was one of those nights, one of those days. There were too many of them now, too many wasted days, too many days spent wasted. The light at the end of the tunnel had begun to flicker, a faint glow in the distance. It all seemed so far off.
“Grace, right?” Krista asked as I snorted her cheap cocaine. I nodded, wiping my nose. “You looking for a party?” She smiled as she cocked her head to her friend.
I wasn't really looking for anything. “Sure, why not,” I answered without thinking.
“Well OK girl, come with me.”
She led me out of the dank toilets towards the stairs. The rumble from above got louder as we walked, the world a blur around me. I couldn't hear myself think as we pushed through a door into the club. Maybe it was a good thing. We shuffled through the crowd, a pulsing throng vibrating to the heavy bass. On we went, straight through to the back. A bouncer stood guarding the door: a monster of a man, all muscles and grunts. Krista led me further, through a narrow hallway, the sound of the club gradually thinning in my ears. 
“Hey baby, I got you another,” Krista said as she stepped into the room marked VIP. “She's a good girl, I've seen her round her before.” A 'shadow', that's what she called me, lingo for a girl who'd lost it all. 
“And your name,” the man asked, looking at me. He sat in a private booth, two buxom blondes to his sides, his legs crossed casually. He wore a suit, his hair perfect, his voice calm.
“Grace,” I said flatly.
“Grace. I like that. Fits you perfectly.” His eyes were fixed on me, looking me up and down slowly, methodically. I shuffled under his gaze, a discomfort settling under my skin. I knew this room, I knew what I was doing here, I knew what it meant. 
“Have you been in here before Grace,” he asked, noticing the change in me. “Is this your first time?”
I nodded. I'd never been in here, despite several offers.
I saw his lips move, unable to decipher his quiet words. The two women to his sides stood up and walked away, their tight dresses leaving little to the imagination. “Come sit here with me Grace,” he said, sliding his hand over the now spare space to his left.
I walked towards him, my body leading the way, my mind offering little resistance. I didn't care any more, nothing made any difference. I was walking in a nightmare, one I couldn't wake up from. I'd hit rock bottom, nowhere else to go but up. Or so I thought.
I sat at his side, his body angled towards me. He reached for the table and poured me a glass of champagne. “Here,” he said, passing me the glass. I drank it up, the cold bubbles tickling my throat. 
“I want you for tonight,” he said suddenly as I placed my empty glass back onto the table. “You're just what I'm looking for.”
I shuddered slightly at the thought. What the fuck am I doing. No matter how far I'd fallen, no matter how low I'd gone, this wasn't me. The cocktail of drugs and alcohol in my blood was betraying me, conquering my senses, taking me to places I didn't want to go. His hand lightly stroked my leg, a gentle touch, one that was full of intention. I slid my leg away, his fingers left dangling over thin air as my legs shut tight. 
“You're nervous,” he said calmly. “That's understandable, it's your first time. Don't worry, it's natural, I'll be gentle. Perhaps this will help.” 
His hand drifted to his right breast pocket, pulling out a small white packet. “It's not like what you're given out there,” he gestured with his hand towards the door. “This is pure. Try it, you look like you'll enjoy it.”
He opened the packet up, pouring the snow white powder onto the table in front of us and cutting two lines with a credit card. “Here, I'll go first.” He snorted casually through a $100 bill, the white dust shooting straight up his nose. “Your turn,” he said, passing me the rolled note, his dark eyes flickering with anticipation, like a hunter waiting for the killing shot.
I took the note and sucked up the poison without thinking, without caring. “Good girl,” he said with a sleazy smile, “you can keep the note. Call it an advance.”
He stood and took my hand, his skin cold to my grasp, and pulled me to my feet. My heart started pounding as he began walking off, his hand clasped to mine, my head spinning as we walked out through the back door and into the cold ally. 
I felt a sudden warmth in my nose, a wetness dripping down my mouth. I tore my hand from his and palmed my face. My hand was covered in blood, a trickle turning to a flood down my nose as my eyes looked up, searching for help. 
I saw him look at me, no pity in his eyes, no caring on his face. He shook his head, disappointed he didn't get his prize, and casually got into his car and drove away, leaving me clutching at air. I turned back to the door, pushing at it with my blood soaked palm. It wouldn't budge. I looked down the ally and onto the street, my eyes beginning to blur, my heart beating faster. As I stumbled forward my legs started to fail, giving way beneath me, and everything turned to black.
Chapter 1
April 12th 2012 – 12 months earlier
Grace
The light above was beginning to fade as I sat ensconced in a book, my mind wrapped around the intricacies of commercial law. I was studying hard, as I always had done, a habit that had been ingrained in me since I was a child. 
“Don't rely on your looks,” my mother had told me. “Rely on your brain. It'll take you so much further.”
She'd done quite the opposite, finding my father in high school and never looking back. To say she didn't have a hand in his success wouldn't be fair, but she'd never officially 'worked' herself. They were happy though – my parents – blissfully so, in fact. Or at least, that's what it seemed like to me. 
I checked the clock on my phone. Shit! Need to get going. I was meant to be meeting Katie in an hour. Some 'group hang' she'd arranged to try to hook up with a guy she liked. 
I rushed back off to my dorm to get ready, meeting Katie outside the bar just in the nick of time. She looked gorgeous as always, a tight dress hugging her slender figure. She was like a supermodel, perfect features and long legs. 
She exhaled as I approached, relieved that I'd got there on time for once. We headed straight into the bar, somewhere cheap by the look of things, all tacky ornaments hanging from the walls and burly bartenders dishing out beer. There were no complaints from me – my current financial situation didn't really cater to anywhere nicer than this.
“OK, we know why we're here,” Katie said as we took our seats in a booth.
I nodded. “Sure. We're here to hook you up, right?” I laughed through my cocktail.
“Grace,” her tone was moaning, “I really like this one. I do. I'm not just looking to 'hook up'. This one could be real.”
I stifled my own laugh. I'd heard it all before, and been there once or twice as it happened. Katie was always looking for Mr Perfect, always on the hunt for her Prince Charming. Unfortunately, she'd been through her fair share of frogs and wasn't getting any closer to seeing one transform. Her mind was the opposite to what I'd been fed as a girl – find a man, settle down, have a family. She wasn't at college like I was so didn't see her future career prospects as being too wide. For now, some casual modelling work was enough, although there wasn't a huge amount of that in West Norton. There weren't a huge amount of guys either, eligible ones at least.
“So who are actually coming along to this little 'hang'?” I asked. 
“Well, obviously there's Brad.” Brad was the guy she was after. “And then there's Cain.”
I waited for more. “And?” 
She mumbled as she took a sip of her sex on the beach. “No, that's it.”
Great. Fucking great. “So this is a double date. You've set me up on a date?” I can't believe she'd done it again.
She shrugged her shoulders as if to say “oops” and took another sip of her drink.
The last time Katie had initiated a 'group hang' was about a month ago and, well, it didn't go well. She spent the entire evening with her target at the time - Craig I think he was called – and left me totally alone with Craig's friend, some weirdo guy from his office who owed him a favor. Despite telling him 'no' on regular occasions throughout the night, he continued to hit on me and try to touch me up, his hands invading my space more and more as he pounded beer after beer. I mean, if that had sowed the seed for something great for Katie, then OK sure, I'd take the hit. But, of course, it didn't. It never did. 
“Here they come!” Katie perked up as two men approached through the door at the front of the restaurant, excitedly jumping to her feet and waving them over as they scoured the room for us. Here we go again.
I turned to check them out, my body void of any enthusiasm. The guy Katie was currently hugging, Brad, was as expected. Tattoos, muscles, shaved head. The type of guy she always went for, that bad boy type with an easy smile and cool motorbike. I wasn't so sure she'd get very far if she kept falling for these guys – to me they weren't exactly husband material.
The other guy turned to me and introduced himself. He was just like Brad, and not my type at all. Sure, he was good looking, his square jaw peppered with thick stubble, his frame tall and athletic, but nope, not my type. 
We sat back down as the guys got drinks at the bar. “Sooo, what'd ya think?” Katie said, eager for my opinion. I never had the heart to tell her what I really thought, so just told her what she wanted to hear instead. Perhaps I should be cruel to be kind, tell her that someone like Brad is clearly only looking for one thing, that her search for Mr Right is not gonna end tonight. But no, I hadn't the guts to sully her evening, drop that smile from her hopeful face. In any case, I could be wrong, although history would suggest otherwise.
As expected I got a flurry of texts from Tom over the course of the night. We'd been together for 4 years now, and he never failed to text me when I was out without him. He always had this slight jealousy complex about him, like he thought I'd cheat on him or something. Guess it was a lingering symptom of an ex girlfriend who did just that. But no, that wasn't me. I hope he knew that deep down. Four years is a long time though. Sure, I'd never done anything else with anyone, never would I'd hope, but would still maybe think about other guys sometimes. Tonight was one of those nights.
It was Cain who awoke my lust for another man this time. Never something I'd act upon, but you can't control your feelings. Despite what I thought when he first arrived, there was a definite spark between us. I don't know what it was exactly: those dimples on his chiselled cheeks, that 'I don't give a shit' attitude, that nonchalant demeanour. He sat back in the booth as Brad and Katie leaned in to talk, casually talking across the table to me. His words reached my ears easily over the noise, without him having to shout, without him having to strain his voice. 
For some reason that attracted me. He just sat there, talking calmly, almost disinterested. Perhaps it was the contrast with Tom, always trying to cater to me, always making sure I was OK. I loved him, but sometimes he was just too, well, nice. 
Cain was playful, his questions probing. Usually I'd refuse to play the game, but this time it was different. He was witty, much wittier than I would have thought, than anyone would think to look at him. The alcohol in my veins wasn't doing me any good. It was betraying me, causing me to have lustful thoughts for another man. I started undressing him with my mind as we sat across the table from each other, his shirt ripped from his body, lean muscles and tattoos below.
I was snapped from my daydream by Katie, suggesting we go to another bar. Before I'd have had no intention of doing so, but Cain made me want to stay. I felt a primal attraction to him, something that I hadn't felt for a while. The alcohol in my blood hadn't yet stricken me of my senses, however, so I declined the offer. 
“Gotta work tomorrow,” I said, lying, before walking off down the street.
As I left I felt Cain's gaze linger on my back, his piercing eyes watching as I strolled away. I let out a breath as I rounded the corner, out of sight, and leaned up against the wall of a shop, a dirty ally to my right. There was nobody around, an eerie silence in the air. I exhaled deeply, trying to blow some of the alcohol out of my body, trying to gather my wits. 
My eye was suddenly caught by a shadow moving in the ally. And a voice, raspy and quiet, came from the darkness. “Drop your purse, give me your phone.” The words came suddenly, shocking me back to reality.
I turned my head as a figure rushed at me, lunging forward, a hood shrouding their face. I stepped back, tripping over my heels, hitting the concrete with a thud, my purse and phone scattered to the floor. My heart shot from my chest, my breath caught in my lungs as I attempted to shout out. No words came as the man scavenged on the floor for my things, his hands busily reaching out and pulling the purse from my grasp.
“Hey!” A voice came from behind me. “What the fuck is this, get away from her.” It was Cain, standing up against my assailant.
The guy turned and ran, scurrying off down the road like a rat, pursued by a lion. Cain roared after him, his pace quickening as he gathered momentum, catching the man within seconds and flattening him to the floor. He crouched atop him, his fists flurrying, cracking into the man's face. Blood gathered on the sidewalk as Cain continued to pound him, the man thrashing beneath him like a fish in a net. 
I ran towards them, putting my hand's to Cain's back, my touch pleading him to stop. “Stop,” I shouted as he turned, his bloodied fist ready to strike. His face was on fire, his eyes wide, teeth barred like a Rottweiler. He breathed heavily, turning back to the man as his expression began to recede to normal. My attacker lay on the ground, his face battered, blood pouring from cuts over his eyes and mouth.
Cain hurriedly grabbed my purse and phone and passed them to me. “I have to go,” he said, his eyes more frantic, darting this way and that. He sped off down the road, quickly disappearing into the night, leaving me alone there. 
I looked back down at the man, unable to look at his broken face for long. I knelt sheepishly and checked for a pulse. He was still breathing. I got out my phone and quickly called for an ambulance, looking around to see if anyone else was nearby. It was quiet, every shop lining the road shut up for the night. I battled with myself to go, leave this man here on his own. He attacked me, why should I stay? But he might die, choke on blood, vomit, or his tongue. I gingerly rolled him over to his side, placing him into the recovery position, hearing his breathing ease, the gurgle of blood in his mouth subside. 
I waited. It seemed like hours but was only minutes. The ambulance arrived and the paramedics rushed in, the quiet night disturbed by the clamoring of their van and their hurried prognosis as they stabilized the mugger.
“Who are you,” one asked as they busily strapped him to a stretcher. 
I thought for a second. “Um, no one. I just found him here.” I didn't want to get involved in this.
“OK miss, you did the right thing by putting him on his side. It's a good thing you found him, he might have died otherwise.”
“Is he going to be OK?” 
“We can't say yet. He's critical. Please miss, step aside.”
They rushed the man towards the ambulance and lifted the stretcher inside, one of the medics climbing in with him, the other jumping straight into the driver's street. The van roared to life, its sirens wailing and screeching in the silent night as it shot off down the road. 
I stood there again, in silence as the van disappeared.. What a night.
Cain
I ran so fucking hard it hurt my legs. My blood was still boiling, my rage threatening to spill over. I ran until I didn't know where I was, down a track into the woods, my heart beating so fast I thought it would explode out of my chest. 
I stopped, the darkness consuming me, the light so faint all around. It was silent, save my breath, heaving through my rage. I stood there, my hands dangling by my side, my heart slowing gradually. “What the fuck just happened,” I thought as I stood in the blackness, my mind trying to retrace my steps; my actions.
I'd come out of the bar, watching Grace walk away. She was hot, and cool. She had a boyfriend though I think - typical. I saw her go round the corner, noticed a skulking figure coming in the distance. He seemed shifty, so I walked after her, checked she was OK. Saw him there, over here, grabbing at her. Then I chased and – I'm not sure – it went hazy, black.
I looked down at my hands, bloodied and bruised and knew what had happened. It had happened before, too many times to remember. It was a problem I'd had since I was a child, a problem at school, a problem outside of it. I guess you could call me a walking cliché; the troubled kid who grew up with different foster parents, always getting chucked out of school and getting in fights with the local kids. But cliché or not, that was my life.
I got out my phone and open up my torch app, using the light to find out where the hell I was. I didn't know these woods, never came down to this part of town. I'm not going back there though, they might be looking for me. I continued on down the path, hoping to come out onto another street. It was totally silent in there, the only sound my footsteps and cracking twigs. I didn't care through, the dark never scared me. 
Within a few minutes I saw lights, a lonely house in the darkness, the shapes of figures moving about in the living room, music sounding from inside. I turned down the brightness of my torch and crept forward, searching with my eyes for a tap, a hose. I needed to wash the blood off my hands. I found a tap on the outside wall, twisting the rusty metal until water trickled from the spout. My hands hurt as the water washed over them, the adrenaline in my body wearing off. My knuckles were turning purple, cuts and gashes across my fingers. It was a familiar sight.
I continued on in silence, the leaves rustling in the trees above my head as gentle bursts of wind flowed in across my face. I seemed to walk for miles before coming out onto a road, a smattering of houses lining the street. No lights were on now - it was too late -  and there were no cars riding by. I saw a bicycle hitched up against a fence by the side of one of the homes and climbed on. People in this area don't chain up their things? 
It didn't take me long to bike home, quiet as the roads were. I left the bike down the street. It was a piece of shit anyway, won't be missed. I climbed the stairs up to my flat, the walls stained and grimy, the sound of a loud bass pulsing in the flat below me. 
“Shut the fuck up in there,” I shouted as I banged on the door. 
The noise dimmed and a man opened it on the latch. “Who the fuc – oh Cain, hey man. Yeah, no worries bro, I'll keep it down for you, thought you were out.” He sounded nervous, he was always like that around me.
My lower neighbour Tag glanced at my hands, already starting to swell. “Hey man, you alright?”
“Fine,” I said, flatly. “Just keep it down.”
I continued to the next floor and into my flat, empty cans of beer and dirty plates everywhere. I went straight to the fridge and cracked open a bud, sinking it in seconds. I turned to the counter and flipped the cap off a bottle of whisky, collapsing over on the couch as I took a swig, ice blankets wrapped around my hands. What a fucking night.
Chapter 2
July 16th 2012
Grace
It had been over three months since I'd seen Cain thrash that mugger to within an inch of his life and I was still haunted by it. Not just by the mugging: the raspy voice in the darkness, the hooded figure lunging at me. No, it was the image of the man lying there, his face broken, the gentle sound of gurgling as the blood threatened to course down his throat. 
I hadn't told anyone about it, not even Katie. I didn't know if the guy had lived or died, and I didn't know which way I hoped for it to go. Most of the time my humanity took over and I'd hoped he'd lived. But then, sometimes, when I'd wake up in the dead of night with his voice in my head, I'd wish the other way. 
I had no idea what had happened to Cain. As I'd expected Katie went on a couple of dates with Brad and then he broke it off. Any information from him wasn't going to be forthcoming from then on. I don't know why I cared anyway. The brutality he showed, he was like a caveman, battering a viral with nothing but his fists. It was horrific to see, and yet I couldn't blame him. He'd saved me, so I had to be grateful.
It affected me more than I thought it would though. I guess my sheltered life knew no grief or stress whatsoever, so something like that stuck with me more than it might someone else. Tom was typically worried, asking me what was wrong every time I woke abruptly next to him. I fobbed him off with the lie that my college work was stressing me out, but I could tell he knew there was more to it than that. I could have told him, about the mugging at least. I just didn't want him pandering to me. I didn't want that sort of attention.
It was a Saturday when I went home to see my parents for the day. My older sister, Ellen, was there too. We always got along so well when we were young, being only about a year apart in age, and I loved it whenever she came home. I'd gone to college close to where my parents lived, but she'd shot off to the other side of the country. I guess I wanted to stay close to mom and dad, close to Tom. She, on the other hand, didn't have such close ties, and had developed a more troubled relationship with my parents in recent years.
“Hey lil sis,” Ellen said as I wandered into her bedroom.
“Mom said you'd be up here. Whatcha doin?”
“Nothing, just sitting here, thinking.”
“Well if you're thinking then it really is 'nothing'!” I laughed but didn't get the reaction I wanted. “Hey, what's up, I'm only kidding.”
“Yeah I know, I'm just not in the mood.” She was sat there looking at a picture of the family, all of us together during a trip to Mexico. “Hey, do you remember this vacation?”
I walked up and sat on the bed beside her, leaning in to look at the picture. “Yeah, sure, I was nine. I remember you getting bitten by that dolphin.” I laughed again, trying to bring a smile to her face. She had a beautiful smile and such a vivacious spirit usually. Not like me, I was much quieter.
She smiled lightly, her lips still closed, letting out a small huff. “Yeah, could never watch Flipper after that! I don't know why everyone thinks they're so friendly – damn thing nearly took my arm off.” She certainly had the scars to prove it, a series of dots along her forearm that kinda looked like a bad tattoo. 
“I still think it was your fault. If you tease a dolphin with a fish he's gonna get pissed off eventually.”
“Yeah, I guess everyone has their breaking point, even a dolphin.” There was a weight to her words, as if she was carrying something, something she didn't want to tell me. I guess it was none of my business, she'd always tell me if I really needed to know.
“Girls.” A shout came from downstairs. “Dad's got the barbecue on. Come on down, the burgers are getting burned.”
“OK mom,” I called down, “just be a second.”
I turned back to Ellen as she gently placed the picture back onto her bedside table. “Are you alright? You seem, I don't know, distant.”
She nodded without saying anything and gave me a hug. “It's good to see you sis, we don't see enough of each other anymore.”
She was right. Over the last couple of years since she'd started college she had barely come home, never for any longer than a few days. I guess her life in New York had dragged her away, but she had seemed to have grown apart from mom and dad over the last few years as well. We used to be such a close family but now, now these sorts of days were fleeting. And no matter how much I tried to ignore it, there was always a gnawing doubt that something wasn't quite right, that something was being kept from me.
We headed downstairs and back out for the barbecue, the warm summer sunshine beating down onto our necks. We sat and chatted as families do, although not like we used to in the past. The mood wasn't reflective of the weather, a damp blanket laid over everyone. I called everyone on it, with no hint of an answer coming my way, not one I could believe anyway. Everyone had their excuses.
“It's just college sis, you know what it's like – stresses you out,” came Ellen's reply.
“Oh, and your father's been working so hard recently, haven't you Trevor,” said mom. “The business Gracie, it's not doing too well with the economy the way it is.” 
My dad was a furniture maker, specializing in fine luxury woodworks. Bed frames, cupboards, dressers, chairs – you name it, he'd make it. Unfortunately, the local economy wasn't exactly flourishing, and an artisan like my dad who made luxury furniture was feeling the pinch. IKEA, on the other hand, must have been making a killing with all their generic and cheap tat. At least, that's how dad put it.
A little later I was sat out alone, enjoying the sunshine when I heard raised voices inside the house. I couldn't determine what it was about but it was certainly between mom and Ellen. As soon as the back door to the garden was shut, their voices drowned to nothing, leaving only muddled sounds inside. 
My interest was piqued. I headed around the back of the house and crept in the front door, the voices suddenly much clear and the conversation decipherable. Ellen was talking, her voice raised but not out of control.
“Look mom, I don't want to be here anymore. I don't want to come back here anymore. If it wasn't for Gracie, I'd stay away.”
Mom was sobbing through her words. “But it's been years Elle, can't you see past all of this. I have, why can't you?”
“That's one of the main problems mom. That you've seen past it. How can you, how can you carry on living like this?”
“Because it's the past. I can't change that. It was a mistake, a horrible mistake, but one we all have to live with.”
Ellen was laughing sarcastically. “A mistake? Are you fucking kidding me Audrey.”
I heard a slap, Ellen's words cut short, smacked from her mouth. Then remorse, mom regretting what she'd done. “Oh Elle, I'm so sorry. I just never hear you talk to me like that.”
There was silence, moms sniffs the only sounds drifting out of the room and around the corner to where I hid, back against the wall. 
“Elle, please,” mom continued as I held my breath tight. “You can't let this spoil your relationship with your father, your relationship with me. Is it really worth it?”
Ellen spoke slowly, her words dropping like stones. “Mom, I'm sorry. I'm going back to New York, and I'm not coming back. Not for a long time.”
Chapter 3
July 17th 2012
Cain
I look over and see a beautiful woman at the bar. She looks back at me, a suggestive look in her eye. It's dim in here, and loud, so loud I can hardly hear the chattering of the people around me. My eyes fix on her, her slender shoulders, her peroxide hair, her firm breasts popping out from her dress. I glance around; everyone's looking at her. They crowd her like a pack of wolves, all licking their lips and closing in on their prey. 
One approaches, leaning on the bar, trying to play it cool. I see his mouth move, his best line spurted from his small head. She barely notices him, takes a sip of her drink as he slinks away, rejected. I laugh and she sees me, a smile slowly surfacing on her face. 
Another man steps in; a bucket of nerves. His friends jeer him on from behind, pushing him forwards towards the bar. He sheepishly taps her on the shoulder to get her attention. She turns slowly, her expression disinterested. The man can't even get a word out before scrambling away for cover. The wolves continue to circle, each one shot down, limping away licking their wounds, their egos dashed. 
I continue to watch on, enjoying the show, building my case. She looks at me often, she's enjoying it too, enjoying her power. Gradually the crowd around her disperse, no one else wishing to be humiliated. I take my cue, walking towards her confidently. She follows me with her eyes as I pace across the bar, holding my confident gait. I reach her and stand beside her, not saying a word, succeeding where the others failed. I bend in and whisper in her ear, sending chills down her spine. I feel them with my hand on her back.
I see that confident expression crumble, her eyes turning to puppydogs. I've got her now. I whisper in her ear again, and see her nod a reply. I take her hand and turn away, feeling her light grip at the end of my fingers as I walk through the crowd and out the back. We get on my motorcycle and shoot down the road, her hands tight around my chest, her breasts pressed to my back. 
We enter my flat. It's messy, dirty, but I don't care. She doesn't either. I turn and kiss her, still not speaking, nothing between us but our passion. That's how I want it, it's how I always want it. I take her in the living room, tearing her clothes off, my hands exploring every inch of her body. She wails and screams, disturbing the neighbours through the thin walls. I don't give a fuck, there's nothing they can do.
That was last night. That was most nights. Passion, nothing more. To me women were toys, things to be played with, objects of my pleasure. I didn't care for seeing them twice, what would be the point? I felt no ties to them, had no feelings for them. But I wanted them, wanted them often. And I got what I wanted. 
It had been three months since I'd last seen blood on my hands. Three months since I'd met Grace. Three months since I'd battered that lowlife. I felt no remorse over what I'd done, he deserved it. I didn't pretend to treat women well, but I'd never attack one, never hit one. I gave women pleasure, and they me. If someone hit a woman, I'd have them. I don't care what the situation. 
For some reason though, I couldn't get that night out of my head. I don't know what it was, beating that guy or meeting Grace. She was different to the women I knew: pure, sweet, innocent. The girls I met weren't like that. I'd meet them in seedy bars and clubs, hanging around for the right guy, waiting for a guy to buy them drinks, feed them crack. It wasn't for me – drugs – I'd never gone for it. I'd seen too many women with dead eyes to find that appealing. 
No, Grace wasn't like that. She had a twinkle in her eye, a look of optimism and ambition, not despair. She was at college, she was clever, she was happy. I was jealous of that, jealous of how she described her life, described her family. I'd never had a family like that, always being passed around from home to home, never settling anywhere. I hadn't even finished high school for fucks sake, had no qualifications to my name. Being a barman was the best I could do, but I certainly enjoyed the perks of the job. Women always like bartenders, that's what I'd learned over the years.
Still, I had no family. No real father, no real mother, no real siblings. My mother died when I was just a baby, I never knew her, don't remember her. It's hard to care when you don't remember something. I never knew about my father. Apparently he was a random guy, they weren't married or anything. I had a picture of him though, of him and my mother together. I don't know when it was taken, where it was taken, but I looked at it often. He must have been married to someone else – he was wearing a wedding ring. I guess that's why it never went anywhere.
I wondered sometimes what my life would be like if she hadn't died, if my father had claimed me. It might be better, it might be worse. At least I'd have someone though, a constant presence in my life. I'd drifted for years now, ever since I left my final foster parents. Good people they were, the best of the bunch, the closest thing to family I had. But still, I left when I was 17, moved around the country, working from place to place. I guess I'd seen a bit, experienced a bit. More than most guys of 22 anyway. 
I'd been in West Norton over 6 months now, working in a bar. That's where I'd met Brad, working behind the bar at Foz, a local watering hole. It was alright, a bit nicer than where I was used to working, and the manager was pretty chilled. 
It was a shame Brad didn't keep hitting that Katie girl, Grace's friend. I'd have stepped in for another date with her. Only her. 
Chapter 4
September 5th 2012
Grace
“Come on Gracie, come on.”
“Alright, hold your horses mother, I'm coming.” She was always like this when we were visiting her dad. He'd been a bit of a disciplinarian by all accounts, although you wouldn't think it to see him now. Lateness was never tolerated in their household though, and that habit of being on time had been well and truly etched into my mom's psyche.
“Oh Gracie, you look beautiful,” she said as I came down the stairs. “You're looking more like Ellen everyday, you two could be twins.” She stifled a sniff, still reeling from their run in a couple of months ago. Of course, as far as she knew, I hadn't been privy to it, so she made sure to keep herself together for want of me prying.
We continued talking as we shot down the road in the car, heading out onto the highway, views of the ocean to our left. 
“So how are things with Tom going. We didn't see him round as much this summer?”
Urgg, I really didn't want to talk about Tom right now. “Um, things are good yeah, same as always I guess.”
“You don't sound too enthused. Trouble in paradise?” She shot a inquisitive glance over at me as she swerved through traffic, her foot to the floor. 
“Mom, would you slow down a bit. I mean, seriously, just to get to grandad's place a few minutes early.”
Her voice hardened. It wasn't a subject she was overly happy discussing. “You know what he was like when I was young. You should thank God your father isn't like that, it would be a rude awakening for you.” 
Excellent, subject averted. 
In truth, things were Tom were a bit rocky. I don't know, maybe I was getting bored; bored of him, bored of the relationship. It had been over 4 years, most of that time spent together in high school. Now I was in college, things seemed different. It had been a growing concern over the last year, but not really enough to break up over.
I think he was having trouble with the fact that I was at college studying law and he was still back home, working in his fathers restaurant. I'd chosen to stay close to him, but somehow we'd grown apart even more because of it. He was becoming increasingly jealous, increasingly clingy. It was as if he thought I'd run off with the first college hunk who came my way. I dunno, I kind felt like I was the one wearing the trousers now, like he was becoming emasculated somehow. It wasn't an attractive look.
My mind was snapped back to reality as my mom continued to pace down the highway, her driving unusually erratic. She looked sad, her eyes melancholic as she moved in and out of traffic, her mind seemingly elsewhere.
“Is something wrong mom?” I asked. There was a weight in the car that was never present between us.
She barely seemed to hear me, the question only registering after a few seconds delay. “Oh no, nothings wrong, everything's great.” The false enthusiasm behind her words was clear.
I didn't want to pry, it was never my way to do so. If someone didn't want to tell me something, I suppose that was their choice. It probably had nothing to do with me anyway, so why bother making her feel uncomfortable. I suspected, though, that it was about Ellen.
“Oh God damn it,” my mother exclaimed loudly as we drew up to traffic building behind some roadworks, bashing her hands down against the steering wheel. It was a totally out of character outburst.
“It's only a bit of traffic mom, will grandad really be that annoyed if we're a little late?” 
“Well Grace, I don't know.” Her tone was irritable. “I'm just not in the mood for all of this right now.”
“Mom, is there anything else going on. Is it dad's business?” I couldn't help but ask by now.
She exhaled deeply. “It's that, everything.” She was starting to well up, shaking her head, her lips beginning to quiver.
“Oh mom, it can't be that bad?” I leaned in and put my arm around her shoulders as we ground down to a halt once more. “We're still doing OK aren't we?”
A few tears were beginning to trickle down her face now, smearing her make up. She sniffed a couple of times, trying to re-gather herself, grabbing a tissue from her handbag and wiping her eyes. “No, Gracie, you're right. It's not too bad. I'm just – having a bad day is all. Nothing for you to worry about honey.”
It was a fob off and I knew it. “OK mom, you don't have to tell me if you don't want.” I was used to being left out of the bigger dramas in the family over the years, a symptom of being the youngest I guess.
“No really Gracie, it's not like that. There really is nothing to tell.”
I left it there. I always hated pushing someone to tell me something, and hated when they did the same to me.
As we emerged from the other side of the roadworks mom continued to put her foot down, once more lost into her own little world. Forget it, if she doesn't want to tell me, that's her business.
I turned to look out my passenger window, the world rushing by as my mind drifted back to other things. I caught glimpse of a guy on a motorcycle, getting a little close for comfort next to us before dropping back. He seemed to be turning towards me, looking at me, before easing off and falling back.
A sudden jolt brought me back to reality. It came from behind, on the back wheel of the drivers side. I turned to my mom to see her wrestling with the steering wheel as the car shuffled precariously along the highway. She tried to steady the vehicle, shifting the wheel to the left and right as it lurched from side to side. 
My heart was in my throat, a sudden shot of adrenaline pulsing up through my body. I clung to my seat with my hands, my fingers digging into the material, my back pressed hard against it. My mom was panicking as the car continued to sway, its movements quickly growing more intense. She slammed her foot to the breaks, trying to arrest our momentum. 
It didn't work. 
The car swung further to the left, our speed carrying us over, the world turning upside down. Time stood still as the car flipped, spinning on its side and crashing down on its back. The weight of the car carried it further as it continued to turn and roll, tossing us around inside like rag dolls.
I could hear my mom screaming, but no sound escaped my voice. I was frozen in terror, unable to think, unable to move. My belt kept me locked to my seat, my shoulders and neck violently shaken from side to side as the car tumbled down the road. 
I heard my mom's screams stop abruptly but couldn't see her. My body was tensed up, locked in position, shrinking away from the metal twisting around me. Then, I felt a sudden and intense pain in my head as my temple clashed with metal, glass shattering from the windows and sprinkling into my face.
The world went blurry, me eyes losing focus, until everything turned to black.
Cain
The ring of my phone brought be out of my stupor as I lay half naked on my bed, sheets discarded to the floor, bottle of empty whiskey sitting on the bedside table next to me. I looked at my clock. Ah shit.
I was meant to work a game today, a bit of extra money for a few hours bar work. I rolled onto my feet, the world still spinning from the night before. My brain was pulsing in my skull, broken images of toxic vodka and an even more toxic stripper surfacing in my memory. 
No time to shower. No time to shave. I grabbed my cleanest clothes and sunk a few pills with a half drunk can of beer in the kitchen. Quick fix for a heavy hangover. 
I took my leather jacket and helmet from the hook before gingerly stepping downstairs and out into the late morning sunshine. Shit that's bright. I put my helmet on immediately to shade my eyes and kick started my bike, the engine spluttering and roaring to life as I charged off down the road. 
The world continued to spin as I zipped past traffic and out onto the freeway, taking the quick coastal road to avoid traffic. Ah great, roadworks. 
I was thankful for my bike, letting me skip past the waiting cars, all honking their horns, their drivers sitting impatiently behind their wheels. Not something you wanna be doing on a warm Saturday, the beaches and national parks awaiting the many families cooped up in their tin shells. I'd never owned a car and never wanted one; my bike and I were born to be together.
I swerved this way and that, cutting cars off here and there. They'd shout and honk their horns, but I didn't care. In fact, I kind liked the attention. 
My head was still pounding. Never again. Sure, I'll believe that when I see it. 
It didn't go on long though, the traffic. Within a few minutes I was escaping on the other side, my bike set free from its shackles, able to stretch its legs. I headed for the fast lane, shooting my way up the highway, checking out any hot girls in their convertibles as I went. I always got a lot of attention on my bike. I guess the girls liked it, that bad boy image. 
A few other cars were cruising along at speed. I always noticed that; how cars would often go faster after roadworks to make up time. There was one that stuck out though: a simple station wagon among the sports cars and land cruisers. I laughed in my head as I saw the driver from behind: a middle aged woman, hunched up in her seat, clutching tightly on the steering wheel. 
She looked to have a younger girl beside her, daughter maybe. Time to check her out. 
I zipped my bike up and around the passenger side of the car, slowly catching up and peering in to get a better look. I recognized the face as soon as I approached: it was Grace, that girl from the double date with Brad. Must have been 5 months ago now. Damn she's looking hot.
I saw her turn towards me, looking at me inquisitively. She couldn't see me though, not under my helmet. I wonder if she'd remember me if she could? I wonder where she's going?
I dropped back after a few moments, letting off the gas and gliding slowly in behind them. 
Oh fuck!
A car was approaching behind them as I pulled back, having to swerve slightly to accommodate me as I moved in behind Grace's car. The car moved to the left, hitting the back left side of Grace's car with a thud.
The car started lurching from side to side, the driver trying to keep control by turning into their momentum. She braked as I slowed behind them, not quite knowing where to go and, suddenly, out of nowhere, the car turned, twisting ninety degrees and flipping over onto its side, barrel rolling across the highway as glass shattered everywhere and sparks flew. 
Shit, what the hell have I done!
The car carried on spinning violently across the road, rotating a couple of times before settling down on its back and sliding another ten or so meters along the tarmac. I looked in my rearview mirror to see cars screeching to a halt behind me, several of them crashing into each other to avoid the crash ahead. 
My bike came to a stop alongside the wreckage as I jumped off and scrambled towards the car. I paced straight round to the passengers side and dropped to the floor, cutting my hands on broken glass as I crawled. 
I saw Grace, dangling from her strap, a gash to the side of her head dripping blood, cuts all over her pretty face. I clambered into the wreckage without thinking, reaching up to support her head as I tried to release the strap. It clicked and her bodyweight slumped into my arms, the blood streaming from her head onto my sleeve. 
I heard a clamouring behind me as people gathered to help, indecipherable noise amid the chaos. I smelled gasoline and looked to see the back of the car dripping, the coiled wreckage spewing up its fuel. 
I need to get her out.
Hands and faces appeared at the door, reaching in to help. I twisted my body inside the tomb of twisted metal and pulled Grace towards the opening, supporting her head and neck as carefully as possible. There was no time for anything else, no time for stretchers and supports.
“Pull her out,” I called urgently to the faces at the door. “Support her neck and head.”
They pulled her carefully to safety as I saw sparks cracking from the back of the car. “Get out, get out now,” I heard from outside as I turned to see the driver dangling awkwardly, her body limp and lifeless.
I stretched further and reached for her strap to free her. It was twisted and caught, unwilling to come free. Outside people were trying to pry open the fused door on the drivers side, the bent metal locking her in. 
“A knife,” I shouted, “I need a knife.”
I felt for a pulse as the people outside started searching for a knife to cut her free. It was faint, her heart beginning to falter. The sparks continued to fly at the back of the wreckage, each one threatening to light up the fuel and turn the car into a fireball.
“There's no knife, get out now,” I heard from outside as I felt people grip at my legs. “You have to get out, it's going to catch fire,” they shouted as they pulled, inching me further from the woman caught in a web of metal and fabric, the seatbelt holding her fast. 
I pulled furiously at her, my mind frantic as I was dragged from the car. She wouldn't budge, wouldn't move. I looked to the back of the car to see the sparks shooting at the gathering pool of gas, one of them catching light and quickly sending the inside into an inferno. 
I tugged once more but it was no use, the heat beginning to build inside as people outside scattered. The last two men at my feet urged me to let go, heaving my body from the car with one final pull as I finally relented. I saw the flames advancing, licking at the woman's clothes, darkening her skin as my body was torn from the vehicle, dragged back across the tarmac to safety as the car was engulfed in flames.
The faint wail of the emergency services could be heard in the distance as I looked back to Grace. Several people were around her offering assistance, checking her breathing, stabilizing her wounds. My mind was all over the place, unable to catch up with what had happened. 
Instinct took over as I lurched towards my bike and pulled it to it's wheels. I realized only now that I still had my helmet on as I kicked the bike to life, hurtling back down the highway to shouts from the crowd. Shouts asking where I was going, why I was going. Shouts telling me that I was a hero.
I didn't feel like one. 
Chapter 5
September 8th 2012
Cain
I woke up suddenly, images littering my brain, keeping me from sleeping, keeping me from eating, forcing me to drink. I turned on the light and leaned up in bed. It was soaked in sweat, my body dripping. 
I looked down at my hands, covered in cuts, covered in bruises. It was a familiar sight, but usually for a different reason. This time I was haunted by it. 
It had been three days and three nights since I'd caused the crash, since I'd saved Grace from it, since I'd seen her mother burn to death in front of my eyes. The news had told me that, told me that it was her mother, that Grace was stable in hospital. I was at least thankful for that.
The news also called me a hero. Some guy had caught the whole thing on their phone, showing me jump off my bike and dive straight into the wreckage. It showed me save Grace, try to save her mom. I looked like a hero, but I wasn't one.
No one knew it was me though. I never had time to take off my helmet, didn't have time to think. I was being called a 'mystery hero', the police urging me to come forward. I was never going to do that - never.
I didn't know why the other driver hadn't told them what happened. Hadn't told them that I'd spun into their way, forcing them to swerve and hit Grace's car. It wasn't their fault, it was mine. But I guess they didn't want to be part of it either, didn't want to get caught with the blame. How they must be feeling, and it was all my fault.
I'd gone to the hospital to see Grace. I stood outside her room, unable to open the door, unable to walk through it. Her sister was there - she looked just like her. She looked lost, broken, her eyes heavy and dark and red, stained by countless tears. I didn't have the heart to go in there, to tell her the truth. 
Grace was in a coma. She had been since the crash. I'd found out from a nurse, found out that the side of her head caught the door as it crumpled in, cracking her skull. They said she was stable, but didn't know when she'd wake up, if she'd wake up. I wanted to die for the guilt, sinking every night into a sea of alcohol to knock me out.
I continued to go and see Grace every day. It became a habit, a form of therapy for me. She looked so peaceful lying there, the cuts on her face gradually healing, those pretty features of hers once again unspoilt. I never went in though, always in fear of running into her family. I just stood there outside, looking at her breathing for a few minutes each day. That's all I could manage before the nurses became suspicious.
She seemed like a popular girl. Everyday there was someone different there: young, old, men, women, family, friends. They all talked to her, trying to get her to react, trying to get her to wake up. I was jealous. If I was in a coma, no one would come. No one. 
At this point in time, I'd say that would be fair.
Chapter 6
September 26th 2012
Grace
I opened my eyes, the world slowly coming into focus. It was bright in the room, the lights hurting my eyes, the beeping sounds around me thundering through my head. 
I was in a hospital bed, doctors and nurses rushing around outside my door. I lifted by left hand to my head and felt a bandage around it, heavily dressed on one side. Oh how my head ached.
There was no one in the room but me, a spare bed over to my right. I saw a shadowy figure through my blurry eyes looking at me outside the window, or at least I thought it was looking my way. 
I turned away for a moment and it was gone. 
Suddenly the door opened and a nurse rushed in. She started doing some checks, asking me some simple questions.
“Grace, can you hear me?”
“Do you know where you are?”
“Do you remember what happened?”
I was having trouble remembering. The last thing I recall was being in a car, in a car with my mom. We were driving, and then we...
A sudden realization hit my face, my hands shaking. I spoke for the first time in weeks, the words brittle on my tongue, struggling to get out. “Where's my mom?”
The nurses eyes dropped, her expression telling me all I needed to know. “WHERE'S MY MOM?!” I shouted once more, my voice coming back, still croaky from it's slumber.
“I - I'll just get the doctor.” She ran off quickly outside the door, leaving me alone again.
My eyes were stinging with tears already, my breath short. I remembered hearing her scream, the car crumpling around us as we rolled along the highway. I remembered her scream suddenly strangled of its life, cut short as we tumbled and came to a halt. Then, nothing, there was nothing else until now.
The doctor came rushing in as I cried out in my bed, tears shooting down my face. “She's dead, isn't she,” I wailed as he approached and took my hand. “She's dead, isn't she,” I repeated, needing confirmation, needing to hear it.
“I'm so sorry Grace,” he said, his hands reaching for mine, trying to comfort me. “There was nothing anyone could have done.”
I shook my head violently, the pain in my head increasing. “Please try to calm down,” he said, “your head is still badly hurt.”
I didn't care, no physical pain was worse than this. I continued to thrash and wail, my heart cracking as my skull had, a searing pain in the pit of my stomach. The sensation in my head grew more intense as nurses came in to restrain me, injecting me with something to calm me down. My body relaxed,  my mind drifting back into the blackness. Back where there was no pain.
I woke again, my eyes slowly opening, still wet with tears. Ellen and my dad were sat on either side of me, their faces a mixture of delight and grief. 
“Gracie,” my dad cried as he hugged me gently and kissed me on the cheek. Ellen followed, tears rolling down her face. “I'm so happy you're awake,” she said. “I thought I'd never see my beautiful little sis again.” She hugged me again, her soft cheeks pressed up against mine. 
I said nothing, my words still stolen from me, taken by my grief. All I could do was lie there, numb, my eyes stinging with salty tears. “Just get better, Gracie,” my dad said, “please just concentrate on getting better.”
It was as if I had a choice. Don't grieve for mom, just make sure you get better first. I lay there unspeaking, more words of comfort coming from my family. They told me how many people had visited me, how different family and friends had been coming everyday, how many gifts and well wishes I'd got.
As they spoke I couldn't help but think of mom. There were no other thoughts in my head. 
“How did she die?” I asked suddenly. I needed to know.
Ellen leaned in, taking my hand. “It was quick, Grace, she didn't suffer.”
“How did she die?” I repeated blankly.
“She died in the crash. Trauma to the head. She would have been knocked out, wouldn't have felt anything,” Ellen continued, trying to keep herself together. 
I turned my head, tears once more rolling down my cheeks. It had been three weeks since it happened, since everyone had found out that my mom had died. For dad and Ellen, they'd had some time to deal with it, some time to grieve. For me, it was fresh, a raw wound.
I took a few deep breaths and leaned up against the pillow behind me. “How did we crash?” I asked. “What happened?”
“No one knows honey,” my dad came in. “There were no camera's, no witnesses who saw anything. We thought that maybe...you could tell us?” 
I racked my brains for a moment, trying to think back. “There was a sudden jolt behind us – on the left. I guess it must have been a car bumping us. It – it sent us into a spin. Mum was trying to keep the car steady – keep the car straight...” I trailed off.
“It's OK darling, you don't have to talk about it now, you don't have to think about it.”
I took a breath. “No – no it's OK. There's nothing more to say. Someone bumped us, and we crashed.”
“OK honey, you get some rest. We'll be here.”
“No dad, Ellen, it's OK you can go home. You don't have to stay, you must have been here a lot recently. Please, I need time to think anyway. I want to be alone.”
“If you're sure darling.” He learned in to kiss me on the cheek again. “We'll be back first thing in the morning.”
It was an hour after they'd left when I lay there in bed, painkillers numbing me, my eyes drifting off to sleep. Before I did, I could see the shadow of a figure again, standing beyond the window, looking at me. It just stood there, unmoving, a ghost. “Mom?” I called out quietly as a tear fell from my eye. “I miss you.”
Chapter 7
October 10th 2012
Cain
A woman lay on top of me, panting. Her naked body was intertwined with mine, breathing heavily past my ear, the smell of smoke pouring from her lungs. She rolled over and onto the other side of the bed before getting up and walking away to the bathroom. 
I lay there, satisfied, my thoughts elsewhere. Yet another girl, yet another one night stand. It wasn't going to go further, it never did. Not with these girls anyway.
She walked back in and starting putting her clothes on. At least this one didn't want to stay over. I liked that, she wasn't clingy. “I had a great time baby,” she spoke to me in her lazy drawl. “I may let you do it again some time.” I liked her confidence too.
She pulled a piece of paper from her purse and tore off a sheet, scribbling down her name and number and passing it to me. I liked it when they wrote their name, often I didn't remember. 
Krista. Typical name for a girl like that.
She walked away leaving me there in bed, the smell of her perfume still lingering on my skin. As the door shut I felt a pinch at my chest, a gnawing feeling that hadn't left me since the crash, a feeling only briefly subdued by women and alcohol.
I'd seen Grace wake up only a couple of weeks ago. I'd been there at the hospital when she did. There was a weird poetry to it: that I was the one who pulled her out, and I was there to see her wake. Yeah, but you caused the fucking accident too. 
I'd rushed off to grab a nurse, watching Grace scream and shriek in grief from behind the window. It was painful to see her come round, realize her mom was dead. I couldn't handle it, so I left. I returned later that night though, saw her when she was calm, dozing off. That was the last time. I couldn't face going there now that she was awake.
I''d tried to forget about it all, tried to get it out of my head. But it wasn't like having a fight with someone: those I could forget easily. It was my fault, my fault that Grace's mom died, my fault she was in a coma. How can I ever forget that? She'll probably barely remember me if I talk to her, if I try to explain. I guess I'll have to learn to live with it.
Chapter 8
December/January 2012/13
Grace
The last two months had been the worst of my life. My mom's funeral was held in early October. They didn't know when I'd wake up, whether I'd wake up, but had waited. They were going to have the funeral without me, but then I came round. They gave me more time to recover, another week in the hospital before we buried her. It was the hardest day of my life.
I'd learned about the entire crash, more than what Ellen had told me. She'd said she had died without pain, but I'd seen the video, I'd seen the car become engulfed in flames. How does anyone know she hadn't woken up? That she wasn't alive when that happened? That she wasn't roasted in the wreckage?
There were no medics there, no firemen. There was no one. No one to tell that she was already dead, that she wouldn't wake up when the flames started eating at her clothes. No one except that man, the man on the bike. I'd seen that man, riding alongside the car, peering in through my window. It had happened when he dropped back – the bump, the knock that sent up spiralling off down the road. 
I don't know whether he had anything to do with it, but I was grateful for what he did. The way he threw himself into the wreckage, no thought of his own safety, was amazing. I wanted to talk to him, thank him, tell him  how grateful I was for saving me, for trying to save my mom. But he had disappeared, without anyone seeing his face, the license plates on his bike. 
I'd been taking painkillers for my injury, for the pain. They numbed me, helping me through. But they never quenched the suffering I felt at my mom's death. I had no remedy for that, nothing but time. 
It was December before I went out again. I had recovered from my injury by then, so my friends took me out for the night. We went to our favorite restaurant in town, a simple steak place where they sold beer and cocktails by the bucketload on Thursday nights. Two for one it was, something most of the young people in the area would take advantage of.
Tom was there. He'd been there by my side the whole time: at my hospital bed, coming round to the house everyday. This was what he was great at – taking care of me – so he was really in his element. I hated it all though, stuck in the house, my dad and Tom and Ellen pandering to me. I just wanted things to get back to normal.
Of course, that was going to take time. I'd had to drop out of college for the year because of personal reasons, taking a sabbatical to grieve and recover. It was the worst thing that could have happened. I suddenly had nothing to cling onto, nothing to focus my attentions on, nothing but my grief, a numbing grief that ate away at me every single day.
I looked for a job, finding work in a bar in town.
“Grace, you can't work in a bar. You're not properly recovered yet,” my dad had said. 
“I need something dad. I need something to do. I'm not going back to college until September now. I can't just sit around here all day and night.”
“Yes, Grace, I understand that, but why a bar? Can't you work in a clothes shop or something?”
The truth was that I didn't want to work in a clothes shop, or a cafe, or a clerical office, or anywhere else. I wanted to work in a bar: somewhere busy, somewhere exciting, somewhere where my mind would be taken off everything. 
“Dad, I couldn't find anything else. This is the best there is, and anyway, I need to study in the day.” I fobbed him off, and there was nothing he could say or do. 
Tom wasn't much different. The idea of me working in a bar, surrounding by guys hitting on me all night was hard for him to take. “Grace, how about I get my dad to let you work in our restaurant. You can work with me?” 
It was never an offer I was going to take. Frankly, the idea of being around Tom any more than I already was wasn't as appealing as it should have been. 
I'll have to admit the first night at the bar was fairly daunting. I had no idea how to make drinks and was sure I'd screw it all up. However, that first night was also the best night I'd had since the accident. It was the first night where I'd actually forgotten about things, forced to forget by the rush of being behind the bar, cooking up cocktails and drinking some shots after hours with the other staff.
I met a couple of girls and guys that first night and they settled in to initiate me when the night was done. It was about 1 am on a Friday and they got me drunk slamming cocktails and shots. 
“OK,” said Marco, a 28 year old Italian American, “a shot for every guy you've slept with.”
He and 'Pinch', aptly named for his approach to women by pinching their bottoms, lined up a few shots along the bar, speculatively putting down ten. I don't know what they'd read in me, but I only shot the one.
“One!” they exclaimed together, “you've only slept with one guy?!”
I nodded. “Yep, Tom, been with him for nearly 5 years now.”
“God on ya girl.” It was a Chloe, a motherly type who'd been showing me the ropes all night. “It's better to have a low number.”
“Ha! For women, yes. For men, nooooo,” said Marco, every inch the Lothario with his slicked back black hair and perma tanned face.
I wondered if Tom would agree, as he'd also only slept with me.
I started the job over the December period, and as the days drew on my life became ever more nocturnal. I'd work as many shifts as possible, often working every night of the week if I could, staying after hours and drinking with the staff and any other locals who liked a lock in.
It was the only thing that gave me pleasure, getting out of that house, getting down to that bar. I'd drink, drink more than I ever did, to numb the pain. Every morning I'd wake up, a dull throb in my head, an ache in my heart. The longer I stayed up, the longer I drank for, the easier it would be the next day. I'd have less time to wait until my next shift, until my next drink.
Sometimes I'd have no recollection of the night, drinking myself to a stupor. One night in particular about a week before Christmas I managed to blank out through an almighty fight, only hearing about it the next day. Apparently it had been over me or something, some weird guy and his mate picking on the guys I was drinking with after closing. I just hoped it wasn't Tom. Fat chance of that.
By January I'd began going to the bar even when I wasn't working. I'd started making friends with the locals there, people I never would have got to know otherwise. It was a vicious cycle, a cycle of drinking and sleeping, drinking and sleeping. I knew it wasn't healthy, physically or emotionally, but I didn't care. It was helping me right now.
My dad grew ever more frustrated with me, and I him.
“Grace,” he said to me one day as I trundled downstairs at 3 pm, “this is unhealthy. You have to stop living like this. It's been weeks now.”
I had no reply, not on that morning, not on any morning. I'd grown apart from him, his constant nagging at me to stay in, quit the job, work somewhere else. I'd grown tired of Tom as well, always jealous, always questioning me when I didn't text him back while working.
He came into the bar one night and saw me laughing with Marco over in the corner. He stormed over, his face red, and threw his phone down on the table in front of us.
“I texted you FOUR times over the last few hours, and I called you twice. What the hell Grace, why the fuck are you being like this.”
I saw Marco stifle a bit of a laugh as his words began to crumble. “Tom, you're embarrassing me in front of my friends. Look, I'll talk to you tomorrow, OK.” 
“Screw this Grace, you've changed. I love you but this is bullshit. Your mom died months ago, get over it.” 
His words hit me like a knife in the back. He'd never spoken to me like that, no one had. Before I could reply Marco stood up, his frame carrying his wide shoulders far above Toms. “You gonna come in here and talk to your own girlfriend like that? You better get the fuck out before I throw you out on your face.”
I just sat there, tears once more building in my eyes. I'd managed to keep them down for weeks, trying not to think about it all, but he brought it all right back. “Grace, I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. I'm just finding this so hard.”
“Just leave Tom,” I said quietly through a whisper. “Leave.”
He hesitated, his face full of remorse. “Grace, I really didn't mean it. I can't believe I said...”
“LEAVE,” I shrieked at the top of my voice, the smattering of customers left in the bar all turning towards me. 
With that Marco grabbed Tom and dragged him outside, throwing him out onto the cold street. I watched as he kicked him in the stomach while he was down, seeing Tom squirm there, gasping for air.
I didn't care. Not anymore.
Chapter 9
December 19th 2012
Cain
Christmas was always my least favorite time of year. Anyone without a family always said the same. Seeing all those happy families out and about was like a dagger in my chest, a reminder that I had no one. This year would be like the last couple – alone in my flat with a bottle of whiskey and a heat up roast dinner. Maybe I'd push the boat out and get a little tree. 
I'd been working a lot recently, trying to take my mind off all that shit from September. It wasn't easy, it had settled in there like a splinter, always bothering me, a dull throb in my head. I was past the worst of it though, and had been getting as many shifts as possible at Foz where I worked. Brad had been doing the same, which was cool. That guy's awesome.
“Bro! Drinks later. No 'no's' mate,” he said in mid December, a week or so before Christmas. 
“When do I ever say 'no'? Credit where it's due!” Brad was pretty much the only guy I really liked in town, the only guy I, if ever, would speak my mind to. 
I'd told him over a few too many drinks one night about the crash, something he didn't even know about. He wasn't one to watch the news, so it was quite refreshing to be able to tell him about it and not have him pre-judge the situation. 
“So let me get this straight. You were cruising to check out a chick, then dropped back and some guy swerved off and hit the car in front.” I nodded. “Mate, nothing wrong there. It's that dickhead cars fault for being too close in the first place. No wonder they didn't come forward.”
“And mate,” he continued, “then you go and rush in and save the chick, try to save the mother, and almost die yourself. Fuck bro, what the hell are you beating yourself up about for? Who else woulda done that shit?”
I still felt awful about the whole thing, but that sort of pep talk certainly helped. Whatever the case, it was good to get it off my chest and to talk about it with someone, rather than have it festering in my head.
That night we pounded a few shots behind the bar as we worked. It was a fairly quiet Thursday in town so Gary, the bar manager, let us shoot off a little early, leaving him and Carla, the only female member of staff, to finish up. 
We cruised a couple of bars for an hour or so looking for some fun. When the two of us got together, there were a couple of things on the agenda – women and fighting. We'd usually get one or the other, sometimes both, particularly if we ended up trying to hook up with the wrong guy's girl.
The night was uneventful, at least until we found a bar called Slice, a cocktail bar that neither of us had been to before. Everywhere else seemed to be closing, so we shot inside to see if there was anything happening. 
There, in the corner of the bar, I saw Grace for the first time since she'd woken up in the hospital. She sat at a table, several guys around her, bottles of spirits being passed about. She was clearly off her head, her eyes sunken into her drooping head, her body swaying all over the place. 
“Hey man, isn't that Grace,” said Brad as he turned to see me looking at her.
I nodded. “She's totally fucked. I wonder if she's still with her boyfriend. Not sure he'd like all these guys slobbering all over her.”
I walked to the bar with Brad and ordered a couple of whiskeys. “Hey honey,” I said to the barmaid, “do you know that girl down there?”
“Oh yeah, that's Gracie, she works here most nights.”
“Is she alright....with those guys.”
“You her boyfriend or something?” the girl asked.
“If I was her boyfriend those guys would be laid out on the floor by now.”
She laughed. “Tough guy huh?” 
“If you like.” 
“Nah babe, they're all good guys, just having a laugh.”
I looked back down to see them swigging away on their spirits, passing her shot glasses and forcing them down her. They were laughing and joking around, one of them sliding up against her, his hand slipping between her legs and up her inner thigh.
I felt a growing surge of anger in my body as I watched on, these vultures all circling around her, stricken and drunk. My pulse began to rise, my breath quickening. I could feel my glare growing more intense, burning away at the guys around her. 
“Cain, what's up man?” Brad said, turning his attention from the barmaid and seeing my face, my fist threatening to burst the empty shot glass inside it. 
“Follow me,” I said as I paced towards to the guys, stopping short in front of the table. I looked down to see Grace's head swaying, her body ready to collapse but for the guy supporting her, vodka bottle in hand.
He looked up at me. “Can we help you?” His tone was aggressive, just what I was looking for.
“Yeah. I think that girl right there's had enough vodka.”
They all turned to me and laughed. “And what the fuck do you know about how much she needs? Fuck off mate, it's none of your business.”
My blood was boiling, but I kept it together. “Well, now you're kinda making it my business.”
“Mate, you're on something weird. Just leave us alone, we're having a good time, what's it to you.”
“What's it to me?”
“Are you deaf or something mate? Just get the fuck out of here before we throw you out.”
I smiled lightly, getting exactly the reaction I wanted. The adrenaline began to pump through my body, priming me for action. I stood there for a few moments, my eyes locked on the guy, not moving. Brad stood beside me, an imposing figure, his jaw clenched, fists tight.
“Come on then,” I said, “you gonna throw me out or not tough guy?”
The guy lurched forward suddenly, his fists flying at my face. I swerved, hooking him right on the side of the head as he came forward, his body crumbling to the ground like a rag doll. The other two  guys were right behind him, one of them barrelling forward and spearing me to the ground. He landed on top of me, his heavyset frame pinning me down momentarily. I twisted my body suddenly, elbowing him in the jaw and sending him rolling off to the side. 
As I got up I saw Brad pummelling the third guy, his muscled body lurching over him. The big guy came at me again, throwing punches quicker than I'd have thought, one of them cracking me in the ribs. I lost my breath for a moment as I reached for an empty beer bottle, sending it smashing over his head and seeing his body collapse to the floor beneath me, blood streaming from a deep cut.
As I walked over to pull Brad off the third guy, whimpering on the the floor, I could hear the barmaid calling upstairs. “Marco, Pinch, get the fuck down here.”
I turned to see Grace lying there, collapsed in her chair, head hanging down. “You,” I shouted at the barmaid, still shrieking hysterically, “take care of her.” I pointed towards Grace.
I rushed from the bar as Marco and Pinch came tumbling down the stairs, chasing Brad and I out onto the dark street. “Just another normal night,” he shouted as we ran off. 
“And another bar we can't go to again,” I added between breaths.
“That's OK,” he said smiling, “it was shit in there anyway.”
Chapter 10
February/March 2013
Grace
I walked into my flat, a small place in the center of town. Katie was there, straightening her long blonde hair in the mirror. She looked stunning, like a supermodel, her long legs sticking out from beneath a cute dress. 
We'd recently moved in together on a six month lease. I'd had enough of living back home, living with my dad and his moaning, his hang ups. It was driving me crazy. I'd dumped Tom as well. I'd found him, of all people, cheating with a waitress at his dads restaurant. I guess he'd had enough of everything. I didn't blame him for that.
I'd moved from my job at Slice though. It started to get awkward there with these local guys blaming me for a beating they got. They said a couple of guys attacked them for just chatting with me, that they all had to go to hospital, one of them with a three inch gash to their head. I couldn't be bothered to deal with that, so I looked for a new job.
In the end I started working at a place called Room Z. It was a club, rather than a bar, and had a seedier undertone to it. I wasn't until I'd been there a few weeks that I worked out exactly what it was like.
I was still drinking every night, still living a nocturnal life, when I started working there. All the staff were women, and all of them beautiful. They wore these skimpy outfits, provocative little skirts and tops to get the men through the doors. I had no idea I'd be wearing a uniform like that on my first night there, but by the time I'd got into it I didn't really care. In fact, there was little I did care about by now.
After a week or so I'd started to realize that there were a lot of drugs being taken, not only by the customers, but by the waitresses as well. I'd see them sometimes, snorting cocaine in the changing room before heading out for their shift. They looked to be having a great time with it, and it was offered as a perk by the club, a way to get them in high spirits when working long shifts. That's what they told me anyway.
It was Coco, a girl who worked a lot of my shifts with me, who eventually got me to have a go after a couple of weeks. She seemed really sweet, all peaches and cream, so I thought if a girl like that could try it, why not me.
It burned my nose when I first snorted it, something Coco told me would probably happen. The feeling was euphoric though. I had this high, this energy, this vitality. I could talk to any customer easily, could charm them into giving me better tips, could work for hours on end without feeling drowsy. I stayed late that evening, dancing the night away long after my shift had ended, my energy knowing no limits. It was one of the best nights of my life.
The next day, however, was one of the worst days of my life. I'd gotten used to fighting my depression using alcohol, staying up late and keeping myself busy at night. When I woke early the next morning, my body just crashed. I felt like death, like there was no point in living, no point in fighting on. 
The temptation was too great. I snorted again when I went to work, regaining that high, that feeling of euphoria. Night after night it happened, the white powder slowly joining my dependence on alcohol. I'd take cocaine every night, sucking it up to numb me, to dull my pain. I had become a completely different person, the sort of person I'd look down on and pity only six months ago. A girl with a shadow face, my life spiralling out of control. It all happened so fast I couldn't stop it, couldn't save myself. Slowly, I was becoming truly lost.
I met a lot of other girls at the club, lost girls like me. One was Krista, a girl who didn't work there, but who was there every night. She'd make friends with all the barmaids, and the regular customers as well. She'd offer cocaine like it was nothing, cheap stuff I learned it was, cocaine mixed with crushed pills and other powders. I didn't realize what her game was for a while; I just thought she was a friendly girl, trying to fit in.
But no. I'd see her take girls to the back room, the place they called 'Room Z'. I didn't know what it was for a while, didn't know what they were doing back there. Krista would always come back out, but never the girl she was with. I once saw her counting money as she returned through the door, a bundle of notes that she stuffed quickly into her purse.
It wasn't until later that I learned Krista was a pimp. She'd go round the club, getting girls to take cocaine, getting them high, getting them addicted. Sometimes she'd work on them night after night, breaking them down slowly. She'd offer them a 'party', the chance to make some good money, the chance to have a wild night. I knew what it was all about, and I knew it wasn't for me. 
Sometimes I'd see girls go in the room and they'd never come back to the bar, quitting or God knows what else. I didn't want to know, didn't want to think about it. I just got on with my job, got on with my life, or whatever was remaining of it.
Krista offered me the chance to 'party' a few times. That's all she ever called it; a 'party'. She never pushed it though, she just went to the next girl, offering them cocaine, asking them if they wanted some fun, wanted to make some more money. And she was good at it as well, good at sucking people in, good at wearing them down. I saw a lot of girls fall, a lot of girls give in. But not me.
Krista started seeing this guy. I'd see her sometimes after my shift, climbing onto the back of a motorcycle outside the club. The helmet and bike looked really familiar to me, like that one that pulled up and saved me from the crash. I guess there's a lot of bikes like that around. But I hadn't seen many, not in this town. 
I never saw the guys face though. He always just sat there with his helmet on, his visor down. I thought he was looking at me sometimes, or at least in my direction. She'd roll up and jump on the back before they sped off, god knows where. I was jealous somehow, jealous that she had a boyfriend, if that's what he was. 
Right now, I didn't feel as though anyone would want to date me.
Chapter 11
February/March 2013
Cain
The phone rang on the other end of the line. It clicked and I heard a woman's voice.
“Hey,” I said.
“Who is this,” came the reply, a lazy, husky voice, but sexy.
“Cain. We had fun a few months ago. You remember?” I got the feeling that this girl might be the type to not remember the guys she'd hooked up with.
“Are you suggesting I'm a slut?” she asked. I liked her tone.
“Well, you did go home with me that night,” I said laughing. The game was on.
There was a short silence on her end. “Maybe you were different. Maybe it was a one off.”
“Was it?”
She laughed, not willing to give anything away. “Maybe.” She had a playful tone.
“Well,” I said, taking control, “I'm gonna get straight to the point. We had fun, let's do it again?” 
“How romantic,” she said. I could hear her already saying 'yes' in her mind.
“Romance isn't really my thing. Sex is. I think I showed you that last time.” 
I knew she was delaying, that she was just dragging it out for effect. “I guess I'll have to give you that one,” she said finally, a knowing texture to her words as she reminisced about the night.
“So, tonight?” I was always direct about this stuff.
“Sure,” she said. “It'll be late though. Meet me at Room Z at midnight, I'll be waiting outside.”
I clicked off the phone, not even a goodbye. We knew what this was about, no need for pleasantries.  This was unusual for me though – seeing the same girl again. I guess it was because I hadn't met another girl for a while, and I needed to have some fun. 
I pulled up outside Room Z at midnight and saw Krista emerge from the club. There were two massive bouncers at the doors who said goodbye to her as she left. Perhaps she wasn't the best girl to screw around with after all. 
“I knew you'd call me eventually,” she said as she climbed on the back of the bike.
I just nodded, handing her a spare helmet. She had no idea that it was only a thirst I had to quench – she'd never be anything more to me. As I pulled off I thought I saw Grace come out of a side door. She looked lost, her eyes sunken and her skin all pale. She'd never work in a place like this, surely? I'd been here before, and I knew what went on. 
Krista was the best sex I'd ever had. She knew exactly how to get to me, exactly how to push my buttons. No girls were ever like that, it was always me in control, me calling the shots. Not her though, she was like a professional. Maybe she was a professional. 
It drew me back to seeing her again. I'd taken to hooking up with her a few times a week, she was that good. We'd never do anything else though – no talking, no dinners, no walks in the park. It was strictly business, and we both knew the score. She wasn't like all the other girls who wanted to stay over when we were done. She'd just get up each time and leave. I didn't even know how she got home, I'd always collect her from the club on my bike. 
After a couple of weeks I thought I saw Grace again. I sat there waiting on my bike and saw her once more emerge from the side door. She looked worse and worse each time I saw her, and I could immediately tell she'd taken to drugs. I felt awful, like it was my fault. I'd pushed her to this. I'd caused the death of her mom. I'd ruined her life. And she knew nothing of it. Nothing at all. 
She wandered out like a lost soul, a shade of the girl I'd met nearly a year ago. I could see her putting on a coat over her short skirt and tight top. It wasn't the sort of outfit I'd expect her to wear, but this wasn't the sort of place I'd expect her to work. 
It had a reputation for drugs and prostitution. I guess the general population didn't know much about it, but in the world I lived in, everyone knew. If you wanted a good night, Room Z was the place to be. Drugs were easy to come by, the staff were all women, gorgeous women at that, and you could upgrade to the VIP room if you had the money for it. Back there, in 'Room Z', as it was called, you could buy people, buy them for the night, buy them to fulfil your wildest fantasies. But you had to pay for it, and it didn't come cheap. 
I'd heard all about it from Brad. He'd gone to the club a few times, even told me about a guy he knew who'd been into Room Z.
“Bro, it's insane. They get all the barmaids coked up, they even offer free coke to hot girls just there for the night. Then these girls go round, like pimps, and get the girls to go back into the VIP area. You sit there, as these hot girls come in, and you choose the ones you like. The pimp girls set rates for them. Mate, it's crazy!”
It wasn't for me. In fact, I found that sort of thing pretty sick. The idea of women being drugged and then sold into prostitution, even if it was semi consensual, really sickened me. The thought that Grace might be doing that, that I might have caused her to go down that path; that really got under my skin. 
I asked Krista one night back at mine about her. I never spoke to her about anything real, but I had to know.
“I've seen a girl I know at your club. Grace.”
“Oh yeah? And?”
“Does she go to the VIP area?”
“Oh, you know about that huh?” She sounded a little guilty.
“I've heard about it from a mate, yeah. Girls getting drugged and sold, fucking sickens me.”
She went quiet. “Um, yeah, I guess that does happen. But the girls, they all want to do it. They're not forced or anything. And they're paid well – I think.”
Her tone was defensive, like she was involved in it all. I thought she was a barmaid, and I guessed she had no problem selling herself.
“So you do it then?” I asked bluntly.
“No, no, I don't do it.” 
I didn't believe her, but I honestly didn't care. She could do what she wanted.
“And Grace?”
“No, I don't think so. I've never seen her go in, I don't think she's very keen. I've ask – I've seen her asked once or twice by this girl, but she's always said no.”
I nodded slowly and lay back on the bed. “Good. Would you do me a favor? Keep an eye on her for me, would you?”
“Do you care about this girl? Who is she to you?”
I looked at her blankly. “Just an old friend, that's all.”
Chapter 12
April 18th 2013
Grace
It had been a hard week. I'd spoken to dad on the phone and had another big bust up. I found out that he'd begun seeing someone new, just six or so months after mom died. I couldn't understand how he could do that. How after twenty five years of marriage he could so easily move on, so easily forget. 
Katie was away as well, leaving me alone. She'd been seeing a new guy, a nice guy, a guy from college who I knew. They'd gone off on holiday together for the week, a nice romantic break leaving me there, only my thoughts and that awful job for company.
I think Katie had been finding it hard with me. She was always trying to help, trying to be supportive, trying to get me to stop taking drugs, stop working at that seedy club. But I couldn't stop, I wouldn't. I needed the money, I needed the job. I wasn't going to go back to living with dad, not now he had this new woman. No way.
I was in a particularly bad state that night at work. I just didn't give a shit, serving people the wrong drinks, taking shots behind the bar. Coco said I should take a break, that she'd cover my section. I went into the back, sitting there watching some of the other girls snorting in the corner. I'd grown sick of it all, I hated everything. But nothing was breaking me free. 
I got involved, sucking the poison into my brain. I did more that night than ever, a quick fix remedy for the pain, numbing my senses, dulling my ability to care. 
Cain
I stood at the bar in Room Z, scanning the barmaids for Grace. The bar was long, stretching right across one wall of the cavernous space, throngs of men queueing up for their drinks. The place was packed, and the dull thud of the heavy base made it hard to think. I couldn't see Grace, perhaps she wasn't working.
I felt disappointed. I'd come out with Brad because he wanted to go, but it struck me as a good chance to see how Grace was doing. Whether I'd actually talk to her was another thing, but I just felt this innate responsibility to her, to make sure she was OK. 
Krista was there though, chatting people up, focusing mainly on the women. She didn't know I was there, I hadn't told her. Frankly, our relationship was purely in the bedroom, so it really didn't matter to me whether she knew or not. 
As I watched her a suspicion began growing inside me. A suspicion that she wasn't a barmaid, but was something much worse. She didn't wear the same outfit, didn't set foot behind the bar. She simply went around talking to people, offering them drugs, walking off with them into the back. They'd come out rubbing their noses, their eyes bright, big smiles on their faces. She was a fucking pimp. It sickened me.
She caught my eye as I stood there staring at her, a sheepish look on her face, like she'd been caught red handed. I glared at her for a while before turning away. She approached behind, shouting above the music.
“Hey, I had no idea you'd be here tonight.”
I just nodded, saying nothing.
“Am I coming round to yours later?”
I continued to look disinterested, angry even. “I thought you were a barmaid here?” I asked.
“Erm, yeah I am. Not tonight though, it's my night off...” 
“Sure,” I cut her off. “You know what, I think we'll call this quits now,” I gestured with my hand, shaking my finger between the two of us. 
She looked up at me. “Why, what's wrong?”
“Nothing's wrong. We're just done.”
I walked away, leaving her behind me, and found Brad chatting up a couple of girls. I handed him his beer.
“Hey bro, what took you so long? Ah, doesn't matter. Meet Flo and Shannon.”
“Nice to meet you,” I said, my mind still burning. I bet that bitch has been pitching to Grace. This place sickens me.
Grace
I opened the doors to the toilets downstairs and walked in. There was no one in there, nothing but the thud of the base above and the stale smell of vomit drifting out from a cubicle. I'd got used to that smell since I'd worked here, it didn't bother me anymore. 
I walked up to the mirror and splashed water on my face. I looked rotten, my eyes all sunken and lifeless, and felt just the same. I heard the door open behind me and saw Krista walk in. She had a girl with her, someone I hadn't seen before. Another victim. 
She asked me if I wanted a line. I knew what she was doing, she did it to all the girls. She'd left me alone recently though, had been focusing her attention on other girls. Not tonight though, tonight she was ultra friendly, ultra nice, all in her own fake way. 
I snorted the line and felt nothing. I never did anymore. She asked me a question she hadn't asked in a while. “You looking for a party,” she said. I'd said no before, several times. But not tonight. Tonight I wasn't thinking. 
I said yes and she started leading me through the club, through the back into the VIP area, the room we all knew as Room Z. I'd seen so many girls go in there, but felt no nerves as I approached. I just walked after Krista, following her in without thinking, without caring. She opened the heavy red door and in we went, the thuds of the club down the long hallway now tremors in the distance.
Cain
I stood with Brad and the two girls, my mind still fuming over Krista. I didn't care about her, I was just sickened by what she was, what she did. I saw her approach a nice looking girl and sweet talk her, leading her down some stairs towards the toilets. She threw me a scathing look as she walked by. Fucking bitch.
I kept one eye over on the toilets as I stood there. Brad was using his usual lines on the girls, both of them falling for his charms. They were asking me questions though, trying to get me involved, but my mind was elsewhere. 
A few minutes later I saw Krista come back up the stairs, shooting a snide smile at me as she went. This time she had a different girl with her, trailing in behind her. I looked closely to see that it was Grace, her face expressionless as she followed Krista like a shadow through the crowd. I immediately followed, pushing through the heavy crowd as the lights flashed above and the bass shook the floor. 
I caught glimpses of them as I battled with the throng, seeing them head towards the VIP room at the back – Room Z. I rushed forward, emerging from the crowd as they disappeared through the door. I ran towards it but was stopped in my tracks my a bouncer, a giant of a man standing as wide as the door.
“Pass?” he said, his voice so deep I could easily hear it over the music.
“I don't have one, I just need to talk to that girl who just went in.” I shouted my reply.
“Sorry, no pass, no access.”
My blood began to boil. “Look mate, just let me the fuck in there alright. I'll be two minutes.”
He stood there like a mountain, unmoving, his hulk like body blocking the door. “Like I said, no pass, no access.”
“Just let me the fuck in!” I shouted, grabbing at the door handle and trying to push past him. He was going nowhere though, his vice like hands coming down on my wrists and ripping me from the door. He threw me backwards as a couple of other security guys came thundering in, grabbing my arms and dragging me towards the fire exit. 
I wasn't used to being manhandled like this as I scrambled and squirmed, trying to escape their grasp. I managed to elbow one in the face as they kicked open the door and threw me out onto the street. A foot came flying into my gut, a heavy swinging boot that burst the breath out of my lungs. I lay there gasping for air as another foot hit me, cracking my ribs. 
I let out a cry as a final blow hit me on the head, a fist cracking into my jaw. My brain rocked in my skull, sending a wave of dizziness over me. Then, as the two giants casually walked back into the club, I faded into blackness.
Grace
I stood in the VIP room, standing in front of a private booth. There was a man in a suit there, two plastic blondes to his sides. He asked me a few questions, and I answered without thinking. He seemed pleased, a smile crossing his face. 
The girls left and he asked me to sit with him. My body was on autopilot, taking orders, my mind not questioning them. I sat next to him and drank some champagne. He was close, his voice near, his hands drifting towards the exposed skin on my thigh.
He asked me if I wanted some more coke. “Real” coke, he called it, “pure coke”. I took a line, and it hit me. I wasn't like the stuff I had in the bar. It was more powerful, more potent. It went straight to my head, straight to my heart. My pulse began to rise as he stood and led me towards the exit, my heart throbbing in my chest, threatening to explode.
He led me outside and my nose started bleeding, blood tricking out and down my lips. He looked irritated, annoyed, as I pawed at him for help. It wasn't going to come from him. I collapsed to the floor as I tried to get back in the door, locked from inside, the man in the suit casually getting into a car and driving away.
Cain
I slowly came round, my head aching, my ears ringing. I could feel a warmth on my forehead, my eyebrow split, blood pouring from the wound, obscuring my vision. I wiped it away and got out my phone to check the time. It had only been a few minutes.
I sat up and leaned against the wall, the blood on my hands a familiar sight on a night out. I heard a door slam shut down the ally round the corner, then someone getting into a car. The engine roared to life as the car sped off down the ally, bursting around the corner and shooting off down the street. 
I gingerly got to my feet, my head dizzy, my cracked ribs aching, and walked along the wall towards the ally. As I rounded the corner I saw a figure slumped to the floor, blood all over her face and hands. It was Grace.
I rushed as quickly as I could towards her, checking her breathing. It looked like an overdose. I grabbed my phone and called an ambulance, holding her up on my knees as I wiped the blood away from her nose. I sat there, no idea of what to do, waiting, until I heard the distant wail of an ambulance coming round the corner. 
I lay her back down gently and rushed towards the end of the ally, my cracked ribs slowing my progress. I called out to the medics and they looked around, ushering them towards the ally where Grace lay.
Within moments they had her strapped down on a bed in the back of the ambulance, rushing her off to hospital. I sat there next to her, praying that she'd wake up, praying that she'd be OK. She'd been driven to this, driven into this world, and it was all my fault. 
Chapter 13
April 19/20th   2013
Grace
The smell when I woke up was familiar, the sour scent of disinfectant and sterilizing agents. I was back in the hospital after a six month absence, a journey that had taken me full circle. I lay there alone once again, nobody to greet me. I doubt this time that anyone had come visit, would come visit. I'd burned a lot of bridges over the last few months. 
The door opened slowly, its hinges creaking slightly as the person tried to enter without waking me. Instinctively I closed my eyes again, hearing a light footfall approach. I heard them sit down in a chair, breathing shallowly, a light touch of fingers suddenly rubbing over my palm as it lay by my side. 
“I'm so sorry Grace. I'm sorry for everything.” The words were deep but soft, full of hurt. I thought I recognized the voice but couldn't place it.
I heard the door open again, the footsteps quicker, more purposeful. 
“How's she doing?” a female voice whispered. “Did she wake up yet?” She continued to walk around the room busily.
“Not yet,” the man spoke again. “She'll be OK though, won't she?”
“Of course, she'll be fine. It's just a matter of time.”
The words seemed reassuring to the man, who let out a quiet sigh. 
“How are you though? That was a nasty cut to your head?” the girl continued.
“I'll live,” he said. “Trust me, it's something I'm used to.”
The girl gave out a bit of a chuckle. “Well perhaps that's a habit that you should be breaking.”
“Believe me, I wish it were that easy,” he said.
“Men,” the girl said in a breezy tone as she walked once more towards the door. It creaked again as it shut behind her, sending the room back into silence. 
I heard the man stand up and slowly walk towards the other side of the room. I took my chance and cracked open one eye, peering through the slit to see him standing and looking out of the window. He wore a blue t-shirt that exposed his tattooed arms, strong under the light fabric. He was quite tall, and had a shaved head, short like a marine. A bandage was wrapped around it though, with heavy padding over his left eye. 
Then I saw it. The helmet. The same one from the accident. The same one worn by the guy who'd saved me. It was sitting on a counter, the pattern unmistakable. Was this the guy? I thought I recognized him: the voice, the shaved head, the tattoos. I racked my brain but I couldn't remember, it didn't fit together. 
I saw him begin to turn and closed my eyes shut. He walked back towards the chair and sat down, in silence once more, patiently waiting for me to wake up. I had an urge to open my eyes, to find out who it was, but I didn't. I don't know why I didn't.
It wasn't long before the girl walked in again. “I'm sorry sir, visiting hours are over, you're going to have to come back tomorrow.”
“Can I not stay here?” the voice asked. 
“I'm sorry, but we only allow that with critical patients. Grace is fine, she just needs to sleep it off. Come back tomorrow, she'll be awake by then.”
I heard the man grumble his agreement before grabbing his helmet and walking from the room behind the nurse. As soon as the door shut I opened my eyes, catching a glimpse of him as he strolled off past the window.
Oh my God. Cain.
Cain
My ribs still ached as I drove my motorbike back to my flat. Two fucking cracked ribs from that elephant of a bouncer. I've half a mind to kneecap him, or both of those neanderthals, one day. 
I'd just been chucked out of the hospital because 'visiting hours were over'. I mean what the hell is that about – what's the problem with visiting past a certain time? All I was doing was sitting there, no harm done. Maybe it was me – I guess the bandaged face and tattoos isn't the most trustworthy look.
I'll go back tomorrow, first thing.
When the morning came I was back on my bike, streaking towards the hospital again. A few glasses of whiskey had helped with the pain last night, although man was I stiff. I cruised up and slotted my bike into a spare space, jumping off and removing my helmet. Within moments I was pacing back through the hospital, throwing a glare at the nurse who'd told me to leave the previous night as I walked past. She looked completely knackered, out on her feet after a long night shift. I guess she didn't deserve that, she was just doing her job.
I kept going, past doctors and nurses rushing about here and there to attend to their patients. God I hated hospitals: I'd been in enough over the years, mainly for simple patch up jobs. I came round the corner to the corridor where Grace was being kept and darted towards the door.
I felt a little apprehensive, knowing she'd probably be awake, trying to work out what to say. Would she even remember me? Should I tell her about the crash? What about that night in the bar with those vultures? I guess I'll know what to say when I see her.
I passed the window and my face contorted in confusion. There was no one there. The bed was empty. What the hell?
I grabbed a nurse who was passing by. “Hey, the girl who was here last night – Grace – has she been moved?”
“No sir, she was discharged early this morning. Left first thing I think.”
Shit. 
Grace
I didn't sleep much the night I woke, there was just too much running through my head. 
What the hell was Cain doing there? The last I'd seen of him was when he was pummelling that guy half to death, his face battered and broken. He'd frightened me, frightened me so much I'd lost sleep. And his helmet, was he the one who had pulled me from the accident. And why was he there last night, why was he sat there watching me, apologizing. None of it made any sense.
As soon as the nurse came in to check on me a little later that night I'd made sure I was awake. I knew he'd be coming back in the morning, and I wasn't sure I wanted to see him. She said the doctor might want to keep me in further for observation, so I discharged myself. I felt alright, didn't feel I needed to be there anymore.
I rushed back home as soon as I could. I'd been there for a couple of days they told me, completely out for the count. They'd wanted to talk to me about the drugs in my system, the alcohol, my addiction. I didn't want to though, I wanted to conquer this problem on my own. 
It was a watershed for me, a breakthrough. I felt a longing for an intoxicant, any intoxicant, but I said no. As soon as I got back I rid the house of any alcohol, any drugs. I flushed it all, hundreds of dollars worth, straight down the drain and out of sight. I did it without thinking, without stopping. I did it until it was all gone.
Chapter 14
April/May 2013
Cain
I sat outside Room Z on my motorcycle, several thoughts running through my head. I had been back several times, watching for Grace, waiting for Grace. She'd infiltrated me completely, got behind my shield. I had a longing to see her, a longing to talk to her. I didn't know what that meant, why my feelings for her were deeper than for any girl I'd ever known. I'd only spoken to her once, during that double date over a year ago. She probably didn't even know who I was anymore. But I knew her, I'd been there the whole time. 
As I sat there I felt my blood boil as one of those fucking bouncers walked out. He stepped from the club, his huge legs carrying his hulking body round the corner for a cigarette. I wanted to grab a bar and crack him on the back of the knee. Try carrying that body on a bust knee bitch. But I didn't. I just sat there instead, the vision of his crumbled body hitting the ground putting a smile to my face.
I saw Krista too. She recognized my bike as I sat there, turning away and heading back inside until I'd left. She was scared of me. She should be. That bitch almost killed Grace, almost had her give herself up as a prostitute. She was the one woman who might get me to break my rules about women.
It dawned on me that Grace wasn't coming back, that she didn't work there anymore. As much as I wanted to find her that pleased me – I hope she never returns to that shithole. She was better than all of that. 
I don't know why I felt like this anyway. It wasn't a feeling like I wanted to screw her, it was deeper than that, more than that. I'd felt responsible for what had happened to her, all the shit she'd been going through. I couldn't shake that. I just hoped that now she was getting better, now she was moving on.
Grace
The rest of April had been hard, really hard. Katie supported me as she did, and she even suggested I go along to support groups, somewhere where I'd be able to vent my feelings to people who understood. But where? Alcohol support? Drug support? Bereavement support? The list was mounting. 
I took her advice though, joining a support group for cocaine addiction. It was there that I met Chase, a young financial trader who'd led a fast life. He'd got caught into the web of drugs and alcohol like me, turning to them to help him with the stress of his job. 
“It takes lives, Grace,” he'd told me. “Seriously, people commit suicide because of the stress of this job. Only last year we lost a guy a couple of years ahead of me. He'd lost the company a bucketload of cash on trades and was gonna be booted out. Killed himself by stepping on the train tracks at rush hour.”
“Shit, I'm so sorry. That's terrible,” I said.
“Hazard of the trade I guess,” he replied, somewhat casually. “It's why so many of us hit the drugs and alcohol, to stay fresh. Trouble is when you have a bad day, it becomes a VERY bad day.”
I knew exactly what he was talking about. “I know what you mean. You just need to pick yourself up again, and cocaine is the easiest way.”
“Vicious cycle huh,” he said. “So what drove you over to the dark side?”
He was so open about it all, which was kinda refreshing. I guess he'd been there a while, and perhaps that was just his nature. I liked him immediately though, not only his personality, but how he looked. He had slick hair, a square jaw, and always seemed to be wearing a smart suit. It looked great on him, made him look like an Armani model.
“Grief,” I said sharply. “My mom died in a car accident. I was in it too, was in a coma for a little while. I dunno, it was hard, really hard, to deal with it all. I'd been on painkillers, and then I gradually started turning to alcohol. One thing led to another, then onto drugs. Guess the same thing happens with lots of people.”
Chase was nodding, looking at me intently as I talked. He was only a couple of years older than me, maybe 24 or 25, but he'd clearly lived a bit. His voice was consoling, understanding, yet positive and enthusiastic. It seemed there was little that phased him.
“I know how you feel. My dad died when I was only 14, it hit me hard. Me and my pa, we were best pals, did a lot together. I can see why you'd try to numb the pain with drugs and alcohol. I'd have done it if I was older, if I didn't have support.”
“Support? You mean friends and family?” 
“Family and friends, they were there, sure. I've got three sisters, so we all helped each other out, made it a bit easier. Then there were support groups, like this one. I think talking to people who really get it, who are there to help each other, I think that's so helpful.”
I smiled at him and nodded my head. “I wish I'd done that as well. I just have one sister, and she lives in New York. She wasn't around much, so it was just me and my dad.”
“Must have been hard.” He sounded like a therapist as he leaned forward and put his hand on my forearm, a comforting touch, one that sent shivers up my spine. “Did your sister not come back?”
“She did for a while,” I said, nodding, my pulse quickening, “but she was studying medicine so needed to go back. She wasn't as close with my mom as me anyway, so I think she found it easier.”
“And you? Are your studying?”
“I was. Law. The coma made me miss a lot, then I had to recover at home. I wasn't really in a place to go back, not after everything, so I took the year out.”
“And you're starting back in September?”
I nodded.
“That's good. And you're ready to go back?”
I smiled, one of the first genuine smiles I'd had for a while. “I'm ready,” I said. “Or, at least, I will be.”
I was drawn to him immediately. From our first session together, the first time he walked into the room. His smile was dazzling, always accompanied by the sight of dimples appearing on his cheeks and light crinkles around his eyes. Oh his eyes. They were deep blue, full of wisdom and experience. I fell for him quickly, our talks becoming the highlight of my week, the reason I'd keep going to the meetings. 
One night he wasn't there. I looked around the room, dim and cold through his absence. I wondered if he was late, whether he stopped coming completely. I sincerely hoped it was the former. When he turned up half an hour late my heart leaped at the sight of him, cruising in through the door, his tailored suit hugging his athletic body. 
Everything about him was charming to me, and it seemed the rest of the group felt the same. He'd make them laugh easily with his anecdotes, he'd make them cry with his personal stories. The room would fall silent when he chose to speak, his words touching a chord with everyone there. 
I don't know if I'd have gone had he not been there. I don't know if I'd have continued to go. Had it not been for him, I don't know if I'd have managed to steer clear of the alcohol, steer clear of the drugs. He'd begun to change everything for me, changing my outlook, giving me this reassurance that everything would be OK, that my life would be back on track in no time.
It quickly became apparent that I was falling for him. Since Tom men hadn't been on my agenda. Despite working in such a seedy club, despite everything that happened, I'd never slept with anyone else, never even thought about it. Until now, that is.
Chapter 15
June 12th 2013
Cain
I sat there looking across the table at the girl sipping on her cocktail. She wrapped her tongue around the straw seductively, giving me this cheeky grin as she cocked her head back, sucking down the drink with relish. She was cute, and tiny, a little over 5 feet tall, her 3 inch heals still barely bringing her up to my neckline. 
This was unusual for me, finding myself sat there on a date. I hated their forced nature, having to sit in front of each other and talk when all I wanted to do was hit the sack. But things had changed now. Something in me had changed. I wanted something more, wanted something real. I'd had enough of going through life, only treating myself to single sittings with any girl I knew. Maybe having a proper relationship, a proper girlfriend, would be a good thing.
I knew why I'd changed. It was Grace. I'd felt different about her, like she meant more to me than all those one night stands. We'd only talked, and I barely knew anything about her, but I knew that I wanted something deeper. I guess I wasn't going to get that with her though. I didn't know where she lived, I didn't know where she worked, I didn't know her number. I'd probably never see her again.
So there I was, sitting with this girl I'd met from behind the bar at Foz. I'd been pulling my usual routine, leading her towards a night of passion back at mine, when Brad cut me short. “Cain, remember mate, you're looking for something more, right? That's what you told me. Look, get her number, take her on a date. She's fucking cute man.”
So then and there I'd aborted my routine and asked her out on a date. It felt weird, awkward, strained, and totally alien to me to do it. I never got numbers, I never wanted them, and I certainly didn't ask women on dates. It was always one night, back to mind or theirs, done. That's all she wrote. 
But now I was sat there, all my power lost, all my usual bravado scattered, all my lines wasted. It was a situation I wasn't used to, having to actually talk to a girl, hear what she had to say, appear interested. I thought a couple of quick cocktails might make things a bit easier, make the date more fun, so was pretty pleased to see her suck down the first one so quickly.
“Another drink?” I asked as the last of the orange liquid disappeared up her straw.
“Sure babe, thanks.” She had a really cutesy way about her, really girly. 
I came back a few minutes later with her drink and mine. “Not going for a cocktail?” she asked, pouting her red lips.
“Not much of a cocktail guy to be fair.”
“I can see that,” she continued, ogling my tattoos, “bit of a man's man aren't you.” She wasn't asking me, she was telling me. She was still looking at me seductively as she played with her hair and pushed her chest out, her small breasts bolstered by a push up bra. They caught my eye for a moment as she leaned forward. 
“Liking the view?” she asked, catching my gaze. My usual answer would be some sort of sexually loaded remark that would either get her panties wet or me a slap in the face. Not tonight though, despite her obvious flirtations.
“Oh, sorry,” I said, looking back up into her eyes. “So – tell me about your – job.” God that was strained. 
She looked almost disappointed that I hadn't sleazed over her tits, leaning back again. “Oh, I work in a beauty salon babe. Nails, that's my specialty.” She stretched out her fingers onto the table, telling me about the different patterns on her nails. Fuck it was boring.
“Oh yeah nice,” I nodded along. I don't know why I was feeling so high and mighty, I was only a barman. 
“So, do you like being a barman? I bet you get a lot of attention, a gorgeous man like you.” God she was obvious. I could take her home right now, fuck the cocktails.
I didn't quite know what to say. This girl was being too easy. She was begging me to take her to bed. “Yeah you meet a lot of interesting people I guess. So did you grow up round here, have much family?” I was just checking off the questions now. Work, check. Family check. Next up, pets? Hobbies? I felt drained already.
Was dating really supposed to be this hard? Maybe I just don't have any shared interests with this girl, with women in general. But I suppose I thought that when Brad dragged me into that double date with Grace, and I enjoyed talking to her. She was interesting, the girl sitting in front of me was certainly not. At least she was hot, really hot. The typical sort of girl I'd go for: tight top, tan, and above all, easy.
I was determined to keep this date going, let it run its course. “Another drink,” I asked as I saw her once more suck up the last of her cocktail. 
“Love one babe, lets have sex on the beach this time.” She said it with a glint in her eye, her tongue sliding provocatively along her bottom lip. I couldn't help the image hitting my head as I walked to the bar, her small frame bouncing on top of me down on the sand. The beach wasn't far...
No, Cain. Not this time.
She was making it very hard though. There seemed to be one thing on her mind, like there usually was with me. She probably looked at me and thought, “nope, that guy's not boyfriend material.” I didn't blame her for thinking that. I wasn't really. 
“Sooo,” she said a little later, “I live just down the road.” A familiar jolt shot through my body. “And my housemate's away.”
Damn it.
“Great, that sounds – great.” 
“You don't wanna come back?” she asked, noticing the doubt in my voice.
Oh I wanted to come back alright. I wanted to give her a night she'd never forget. “Of course I do.” My voice remained torn, it was so obvious.
“Way to convince me.”
She looked like she was hurt, as if I was rejecting her. Screw it. 
“Come on then, let's go,” I said.
Two hours later I was stood staring in the mirror, hair and beauty products all over the place. Everything was clean and pink, pretty much the opposite of my place. I walked out into the bedroom and saw her there, lying naked on top of the covers. She was so damn hot.
“I gotta go,” I said, reverting to type. 
She looked at me, disappointed. “Really? How come?”
I had no answer. “I've got things to do early tomorrow morning. Need to get back to my place.”
“Sure, OK,” she said, sitting up and dragging a sheet around her body. She walked up towards me and gave me a kiss. “You've got my number. Call me.”
I'd given up by now, this was going no further. “Sure,” I said as I walked to the door, the word falling flat. There was no truth to it, and I couldn't hide that fact, didn't care to.
Yet another single serving. 
Chapter 16
July 2nd 2013
Grace
My flat was so much nicer than it had been a few months ago. Back when I was in the heyday of my drinking and drugs binges, I'd leave it days on end without cleaning. Katie tried to keep the living areas in order, but my bedroom became a mess, empty bottles and dirty clothes thrown around everywhere.
Now it was in good shape. It was kind of a metaphor for my life. I'd cleaned up my flat like I'd cleaned up my life. Chase was a large part of that. His support, his understanding, his frankly beautiful face and body. That shouldn't have been relevant, but it was. I was so attracted to him it hurt. He had become my new drug, my new obsession. It was a lot healthier than the last one.
He'd come over the night before, in fact, rocking up to my door in yet another tailored suit. He seemed to have a whole wardrobe full of them. I'd got past the point where I'd want to talk about the past, vent my feelings to him. I didn't want to burden him with all that, put him off. So, I gave him what I thought he wanted, what any man wanted. I gave him me.
We'd been sleeping together for a month or so now, and he was just as confident in the bedroom as he was everywhere else. He took charge, took control. He knew exactly what I wanted, how I wanted it. He used his tongue like a professional, hitting all the right spots. He fingers were like rods of lightning, sending shivers up my spine. 
He left me wanting more every time. Satisfied, delirious even, but wanting more. The contrast with Tom could hardly have been more stark. By the end of our relationship he'd become so timid, so bashful in bed. It was routine, boring, dull, and never lasted that long. Same positions, same places, same foreplay. Boring.
Chase was exciting and new. He touched me in ways that Tom had never done, knowing exactly how to draw maximum pleasure from me with as little effort as possible. He'd be down there, between my legs, an artist with his tongue. Tom was more like a builder, crashing and fumbling around. 
I guessed that Chase had had plenty of experience, that he'd practiced on plenty of women. I thought it was impossible for that not to be the case. I didn't even need to bring the subject up to find out, it was him who ventured forward to find out my number.
“What's your number,” he'd asked casually as we lay there naked on my bed.
I felt a little ashamed to say it. “Two,” I said sheepishly.
“Two!” He sounded surprised, and happy, like any man would. “Including me?”
I nodded.
“Jesus. Makes me feel pretty special.”
“Well I was with my last boyfriend since my teens, so only slept with him.”
“Oh yeah, when did you break up?”
I thought for a second, tracing my mind back. “Around February time, maybe six months ago.” Shit, had it been that long?
“Really,” he said, a surprised look on his face. “And you never slept with anyone since then, when you were doing drugs?” He was so open and forward.
There were a few missing memories in my head, but none where I'd have slept with someone. I think I'd know if I'd done so. “Yeah, no one. So how about you? What's your number?” I wasn't sure if I wanted to know.
“Hmmm. It's definitely less than fifty.” 
Fifty! “You don't know?” 
“Well to be honest Grace there's a few nights that have completely escaped me. More than a few actually. Drink and drug cocktails can fuck you up royally. Sometimes I'd wake up not having a clue what had happened.” 
“So how many do you actually remember?”
He thought for a moment, his nose scrunching up slightly, eyes squinting as he thought. “Forty-odd.”
Christ. That was more than I was expecting. 
“Uni was wild,” was his explanation. “And I've pretty much always been single, too busy for a girlfriend usually.”
My heart dropped a little with his words. I guess he didn't want anything serious with me then.
“But I've grown up a bit now. Could do with a more settled presence in my life.” His words carried a weight. “I dunno, maybe you'd want to be that person?”
I tried to play it cool but my heart was singing. “I guess I could audition for the part, at least,” I said, my tone joking. 
“Well alright. Let's do it.”
Cain
I never found myself in the park. Never. It was too nice a place for me, too sunny and happy, families everywhere. I hated that. 
Today I had to be there though, it was the new me. Apparently. I'd  been on a couple of dates recently, none of them ending particularly well. Well, not the way I wanted at least. I'd met them all behind the bar, taken them all out to drinks. They all went like the first one, back at mine or back at theirs. Maybe I was giving the wrong impression, that all I was looking for was a one night stand. It was an impression I'd spent my life building, so I guess it made sense. Old habits, it seemed, really did die hard.
I'd decided instead to meet a girl in the daytime, somewhere outside. No drinks, no music, nothing. Just the two of us out in the open. So I'd chosen the park for a walk. Just a stroll and a chat. You know, like a normal person. I was trying my best to be one, hard as it was.
This girl was cute, not the usual smoldering hotness I went for, but still attractive. Maybe that would make it easier, maybe I'd spend more time looking in her eyes and not at her double d's. I guess not drinking would make it easier, or harder, depending on how you saw it.
The conversation flowed a bit better than usual. Flowed to the extent where I thought, “hey, I could actually hang out with this girl again.” She only had a mom after her dad had died serving in the army, so we had that in common – a parents death. I never liked talking about family, or lack thereof, but this girl had also suffered a bit, so I gave her a bit more than I would others.
There were no sexual innuendos being thrown around this time. No suggestive looks and glances. Nothing that would lead us back to my flat within the hour. I had to ask myself as we walked whether I actually wanted to. With the other girls I'd seen I'd wanted to rip their clothes off. With this one, I didn't get such an urge. 
She was a lot more innocent, a lot more conservative than the rest. More like Grace. Even her name, Emily, had an innocence to it. I'd certainly never known a slutty Emily. Most of the girls I hooked up with were called Misty or Candy. It was like their parents named them knowing they'd grow up to be promiscuous. If I ever had I daughter, I'd name her Mildred or something. Then she'd never date.
We walked for an hour chatting away pretty happily as I fought the urge to lead her towards a bar or back to mine. It was such a habit – to take girls home – that simply walking and talking under the hot summer's sun felt almost entirely alien. It was probably what college guys did with their girlfriends and girl-friends every day: walk and talk, chat about the world. My life felt so empty at the thought.
But hey, here I was, an outsider in this alien world, walking along just like anyone else. Sure, I probably stuck out a little, what with my shaved head and tattoos, but that was nothing these days. Most people had a tattoo tucked away somewhere – that was another thing I'd found out from my many one night stands. 
We must have looked like a bit more of an odd couple though – Emily with her pretty blonde hair, jean shorts and light pink blouse. Me with my ripped jeans, black vest, and inked skin. She didn't seem to give a shit though, which was cool. Most girls like her would only talk to me when they were drunk, wanting a taste of the 'bad boy' to make their prim and proper parents angry. 
When she left I didn't even try to kiss her. I wouldn't know where to start and stop. A peck on the lips? Kiss on the cheek? Full on tongues? Better to ignore it for now. She asked me to give her a call – they always did – that maybe we could go for dinner sometime. Dinner, that would be another new one. 
I actually wanted to though. I could have kept talking to this one, kept talking without having to resort to the physical stuff. I wanted to see her again, find out more about her, see what happened from there. Progress, my therapist would say. If I had a therapist, that is. I probably needed one. 
Chapter 17
August 25th 2013
Grace
Things had been going really well recently. Not only with Chase, but with dad as well. We'd been patching up our relationship over the past few months, the both of us finally able to talk in depth about mom, about how he felt about it all, how he'd met his new partner as he moved through his grief. 
I'd learned that she was a therapist, someone he'd been seeing to help him cope. It was common for those relationships to grow into something more, and so it had happened with my dad and Penny. In some ways the same thing had happened with me. Chase had helped me move through everything just like Penny had with dad. That's something I had never got before, back when I was acting like a petulant brat, a child. God only knows what my dad had been going through when I'd gone off the rails after mom died, leaving him alone, not knowing where I was, what I was doing. I was such a selfish bitch.
But things were better now. It had been almost a year since the accident, and the dust had settled. Things were finally getting back to normal as I prepared to get back to college, new boyfriend in tow. But for the gaping hole where mom used to be, things would be great.
It was late August when I met Chase outside my flat, his Porsche grumbling by the side of the road. He was taking me to a work event, a big party they were holding for the entire office. “One of the perks of the job,” he told me. “When we bring in the bacon, they reward us.” I didn't know whether he was referring to the car or the party they were hosting, but I suspected it was both.
“Of course,” he continued, “I can't drink at these things anyway, so a lot of it's lost on me.”
“Isn't that one of the reasons you got into drink and drugs in the first place though,” I asked. It seemed like these office parties were prime times to overindulge. 
“Perhaps. They certainly didn't help.”
The office block that Chase worked in was extremely corporate. It was glass fronted, with a huge open lobby and a long reception desk right across the middle. The lobby was airy and bright, with large metal sculptures on the floor and huge impressionist paintings dotted around the walls. 
We walked past the front desk and in through the metal detectors and barriers towards a pair of escalators, one on each side of the building, the left one going up, the right one going down. It was all pretty high tech, paid for by the large financial corporations existing within it. The company Chase worked for, Avery Ash, was a large brokerage that handled some pretty hefty trades. When he ever tried to talk to me about it, the numbers began to get lost in my head. It sounded like he was responsible for a hell of a lot of money. His salary and bonus scheme certainly mirrored the responsibility he held. 
At the top of the escalators were a series of lifts, all of them going up, three on each side facing each other. The lifts on the other side of the building were the ones that took you down. If you ended up missing your floor then you'd have to go right over to the other side of the building to fetch the escalator going down. It seemed a bit impractical to me, but what did I know.
We ascended right up towards the top of the building, shooting up to the 35h floor where Chase had his office. The views over the city were spectacular as we walked from the lift and along the corridor, the entire floor split into office cubicles and larger communal areas. By now it was quiet, with only a few people tapping away at their keyboards or shouting down the phone. I'd imagine a few hours ago it would have been buzzing.
I heard a growing murmur of voices as we walked, turning right and heading to the other side of the building. As we rounded the corner I saw a series of guys in smart suits, passing around large magnums of champagne and gulping down the liquid, much of it spilling out over their shifts and onto the floor. What a waste of money. 
There were attractive women there as well, wives and girlfriends of the traders, all adorned in jewelry and wearing beautiful dresses. The place oozed money and excess, an environment where wealth and power was everything. I could see easily how and why Chase had been dragged into the world of cocaine and alcohol. I imagined it was a far prettier version of the world I had lived in though.
“Chase!” the guys roared as we approached, one of them lurching towards him and giving him a manly hug. He had champagne all down his front, his cheeks red from a little too much drink. “Mate, it's gonna take off here soon, I'll tell you, John's put on a real spread for us.”
“Herb, I can't drink mate, you know that. Hey, this is Grace, the girl I told you about.”
Herb turned to me, his chubby face opening with a smile. “Grace, I've heard loads. Great to meet you.” He was so enthusiastic. “You a drinker Grace? Let's see if we can't get Chase here to have a glass of champagne!”
He popped his arm around me and turned me towards the throng. “So Grace, tell me about yourself,” he said as we walked away, Chase catching up.
“Always the same huh Herb,” he said with a laugh. “You'll have to excuse him, and a lot of the other guys here Grace, they're always trying to poach each others girlfriends.” 
I laughed at the thought, assuming it was all just a bit of sport for them. Boys will be boys and all that. “Right, drink for the lady,” Herb said, passing a glass of champagne in my direction without taking no for an answer.
I looked at Chase. I didn't want to drink if he wasn't, it might make it hard for him. He nodded. “Go ahead, it's fine. I'll just grab an orange juice.”
“Trust me,” he said, seeing my 'are you sure' face, “I've been to enough of these things to handle it. It's not a problem.”
I trusted him to know himself. He seemed so assured in every area of his life, so I doubted this would be a problem. 
I talked to Chase's co-workers and friends as the night went on, everyone else drinking away merrily. I myself partook in a few, my defenses down as soon as I'd had my first glass. I felt comfortable though, with Chase there, sober, watching out for me. Even when I began to feel a little tipsy, I knew I'd be fine. 
The night wasn't going to end in the office though. A call from one of the loudest members of the party drew all of our attention as the clock ticked towards 11 pm. “Right everyone. You've all been asking where John is, our fantastic boss who put on this spread.” There was cheers from the crowd. “Well, he's been busy, as we all know, and has only just arrived! He's coming up for a bit, probably a quick speech knowing him, and then we're off to a private club! Let's give him an almighty roar when he gets up here!” Once more the crowd cheered.
A sense of anticipation hit the air as everyone's conversations quietened to a whisper. A few moments passed before we heard a light footfall coming from the distance. It got louder as it approached until, suddenly, a man appeared around the corner. 
Cheers went up at his arrival, but I stayed silent. He put his hands to the air to quieten everyone down, the noise in the room retreating once more. He began speaking, his voice smooth and controlled, making a short speech about the future of his company, about the successes they'd all achieved together. He wore a smart suit, hugged to his body, his eyes cold. I looked at him and knew that face, knew that voice. It sent a shiver up my spine.
The man from Room Z.
My heart was quickening as I stood there, shrinking back into the crowd. I wondered if he'd recognize me, whether he'd remember my shadow and know it as me. I stood next to Chase as he looked up, his face beaming, his smile wide, clapping his hands loudly in applause on cue. 
I tugged at his arm. “That's your boss?” I whispered nervously.
“Yeah. But he's more than that. He's like a father to me. Gave me an opportunity, always supported me. I'd be nowhere without him.”
An echo in my mind brought me back to that night in Room Z as he spoke. I could see him sitting there in font of me, sliding his hand on the empty space beside him. I could feel his hand on my leg, slipping up my inner thigh. I could hear his cold voice offering me cocaine. I could see him looking at me as blood poured from my nose, looking down on me as I collapsed to the floor. He didn't help, he didn't care. I could have died, but I was nothing to him. Just another lost girl. Another prostitute.
“Grace, are you OK?” Chase said, lightly shaking my shoulder. “You look like you've seen a ghost, you're all white.” It was quiet now, the speech over, everyone returning to their conversations.
“No, I really don't feel well. I think I've had too much champagne. Can we go?” My words were rushed.
“Sure, of course. Let me just talk to John first, introduce you. He'd love to meet you.”
“No, no.” I rushed the words out. “Please, just lets go. I – I don't think I'd make a good impression right now.”
“OK honey, if you're sure. Just stand here one minute, I'll be back in a second.”
“No...”
He ran off quickly as I reached for him, over in the direction of John. I saw him shake his hand, a large smile on his face, before gesturing over to me. I tried to hide my face, pretend I hadn't seen them, as John looked in my direction. He looked at me impassively, like he didn't recognize me. Then, slowly, his expression changed, a sly smile appearing on it as he nodded along at Chase's explanation.
Within moments Chase was back beside me, his arm around me as we walked back in the direction we came, back round the side of the building past deserted offices and a sea of monitors and cubicles. I could feel John looking after us as we left, his eyes fixed on our path, his cold voice still echoing in my ears. I felt sick to my stomach.
Chapter 18
August 26th 2013
Cain
“No fucking way,” Brad said as we sat with a whiskey. 
“Way,” I replied. “A hundred per cent way.”
We'd just shipped out the last of the stragglers from the bar and were enjoying a well earned drink after a fairly busy night. 
“You – you have a girlfriend. You. Of all people.”
“Mate, seriously, it's not THAT hard to believe is it?”
“Fuck yeah is it! I've never seen you even talk to a girl for more than five minutes! The only talking you do is in the sack mate.” He laughed, necking the last of his whiskey. “Another?” he asked, pouring himself another full glass.
I nodded. “But I'm changed now mate, you know that.”
“I know, I've watched you morph, it's been painful.” He laughed again. 
“Hey fuck you. I can talk to women. They just need to be interesting. I dunno, maybe you enjoy dating old Ditsy Daisy with a PhD in make up but I'm looking for something a bit more than that.”
“You old woman you. You sound like a fucking chick.”
Shit, I kinda do. “Whatever mate. I'm just looking for a girl with a bit more up top, not just between her legs.”
“Yeah well, we'll see how long all this lasts. I see a return to form in no time bro.”
“Think what you like mate. Don't forget you were the one who told me to start dating girls properly in the first place.”
“Come on bro, I'm kidding. Seriously, good for you – you've finally found someone to cuddle up to during those long lonely nights.” 
“Watch your fucking tongue.” My tone was suddenly serious.
“Whoa whoa, easy. Seriously, I'm just kidding.”
I laughed in his face, my scowl breaking down. “Had you for a minute huh! Pussy.”
“Hey fuck you.” He walked off to grab another bottle. “Well, all I can say is good luck with it all. You've had it easy so far. When you actually get to know a chick, you realize how fucking crazy they are.”
“I'll take my chances.”
The truth was I had literally no idea what I was doing. I'd never dated a girl, never actually spent any time with a girl I liked. It was totally foreign territory, and I had no idea how to navigate it. Emily though, she was cool. We'd been getting along well, I enjoyed her company. We went for dinner as she said and I made an effort, booking us into a decent place in town, even wearing a shirt. She chuckled at the sight of it, but I think she appreciated it all. 
“I dunno, guys wear shirts on dates right?” I'd said to her when she'd well, kinda laughed in my face. 
“Some guys do, sure. Not everyone though. I think maybe you should be part of the latter.” She was only being playful, and was right, it didn't really suit my look. “I think you look great wearing what makes you comfortable. Like the other day in the park.”
Sure, I'll just wear ripped jeans and a black vest to a restaurant.
She was so much more proper than me, I just found it odd that she liked me, that she liked what I wore. Her mom was a therapist she told me, and earned a fair amount of money. She was at college, studying marketing or something. To think, me at dinner with a clever, wealthy, college girl. Fucking crazy.
By the time I'd told Brad it was late August, and we'd been seeing a lot more of each other. I didn't know when to make the move, when to swap into my natural role. She must have thought I was nervous or something, shy to kiss her. In the end it was her who had to make the move, moving in to kiss me after our third date. I felt like a total pussy, having this innocent little college girl make the first move.
By the forth date I learned that she wasn't that innocent after all. I guess there was a reason she liked guys like me. We weren't exactly the shy and retiring type, and she knew it. She'd told me her mom was away with her new partner for the weekend so I went round hers. She had a massive country house, way too big for just two people. After going there I never wanted to take her to my flat, it was a real piece of shit by comparison.
She was much kinkier than I thought she'd be, disappearing as we watched a movie and then walking back out a few minutes later in some sexy lingerie. I felt a switch go in my head when I saw her, turning my primal urges back on. Hell yes, this is my territory now. 
I had some of the best sex of my life that night. I think it helped that I actually liked her as well, it made everything more intense. From that point on it was all go, red lights everywhere. Back of the cinema, check. Club toilets, sure. Hell, we even got it on in a quiet section of her college library. There weren't many people around as college hadn't started yet, but it was still awesome.
“So, this is real is it?” asked Brad back in the bar, sitting down with a fresh bottle of whiskey.
“Yeah,” I said, genuinely, “I think it is.”
Chapter 19
August 30th 2013
Grace
I want you for tonight. You're just what I'm looking for. 
I woke with the words repeating in my head, a nightmare that I was still recovering from. Those cold eyes, that emotionless voice, that callous look on his face as he walked away from me, leaving me there to die. 
It had been a few nights since I'd seen him again, looking at me with a sly smile. I didn't know whether he'd recognized me, or whether he was just smiling at his protege's new girlfriend. Whatever the case, I wasn't going to bring it up with Chase, I didn't want to go down that road.
What would I tell him anyway? That the father figure of a boss that he held in such high esteem was someone who bought women, was happy to leave them to die? That his girlfriend had almost been one of those women, sold for her body? Neither were things I wanted to think about or talk about. Best forgotten.
It wasn't as easy at that though. A couple of nights later he called me, his voice excited.
“Grace, I've got some good news.”
“Oh yeah? Shoot.”
“It's John, remember my boss from the other night. He told me today he was upset he didn't get to meet you properly, that it was a shame we had to leave.”
My pulse was rising. “OK...”
“Well, he wants to go for dinner, just the three of us. Seriously, do you have any idea how busy his schedule is? He NEVER goes out for dinner with any of my colleagues and their girlfriends. I know I've known him for a long time, but it's still pretty big. I think it means he might trust me for this promotion I'm going for. Isn't that great?!”
“Um, yeah Chase, that's so awesome.” I was trying to feign some energy in my voice, some enthusiasm, but it wasn't coming.
“Look, are you free tomorrow evening?”
I took a breath, trying to think of an excuse. I'd never been a good liar. “Um – well I kinda have this thing on with erm – with Katie.”
He cut me off. “Come on, you live with Katie. Please, this is so important to me, to my career potentially. Can't you rearrange whatever it is for another night. John won't have another slot free, no way.”
Shit. I had to support him. After everything he'd done to help me, I had to be there to help. “OK, I guess I can swap things around with Katie.”
“Oh Grace, that is awesome! You have no idea what this means to me!”
“Any time,” I said. Any time. How about no time, never, it was the last fucking thing I wanted to do.
The next night I was a bag of nerves. I would have to sit there, at the table, across from this vile excuse for a human being. I didn't give a shit what he'd achieved in his professional life. I didn't give a shit how much money he had. I didn't give a shit if he'd been a great mentor, a great father figure to Chase. To me he was the man who tried to buy me for sex, the man who left me in a cold, dark ally, fighting for my life. 
I barely noticed the opulent surroundings of the restaurant when we entered, nor had a listened to much of what Chase had told me as we drove there. A few things sunk in. The fact that John had been a close friend of his dads, albeit a fair bit younger. The fact that he'd stepped in when his dad had died, helping to support the family financially through difficult times. The fact that he took Chase under his wing, supporting him through college and into his career as his own business began to flourish. To anyone else he'd sound like the toast of the town, a wonderful man. To me, he was something else entirely.
As we approached I saw him, sat there at the table, his legs crossed, sipping casually on a glass of champagne. He stood as he saw us, Chase moving in to shake his hand enthusiastically. “And this is Grace, I assume,” he said, his eyes fixed on me.”
“Yes it is,” said Chase buoyantly. “Grace, I'd like to introduce you to John Avery, trader extraordinaire and, as I've told you, a close friend of the family.”
“Oh Chase, please. Well, actually, no you are quite right.” God he was arrogant. “OK, let's get some champagne. Chase, I don't suppose you fancy a tipple? Surely it won't send you flying over the edge again?”
I looked over at Chase, my eyes shouting 'no'. “I suppose so, one glass won't hurt.” He was so keen to impress this evening.
“Excellent my lad.” He snapped his fingers over his head, not deigning to make eye contact with the waitress as she approached. “Cristal, please,” he said. “Three glasses.”
He turned to me. “So, Grace, what is it that you do?” There seemed to be nothing in his eyes that suggested he remembered me. “Nothing seedy I hope. We don't want Chase here led back down that path.” He laughed unpleasantly.
“I'm at college, studying law.”
“Oh lawyers, don't you just love lawyers,” he said sarcastically, smiling towards Chase. Chase chuckled back, clearly used to his ways. To me he was more snide than charming, coming across as superior and arrogant.
“Anything on the side, you know, to fund your luxuries? A bar job perhaps.” His words carried a heavy weight, a knowing look in his eye. Did he know, did he remember?
“I used to work in a bar, yes. A clothes shop now.”
“Well good for you. Any college student should also have a job on the side, teach them the value of paid work. That's what I always taught Chase, and look how he's turning out. A fine upstanding gentleman.” I agreed on that, at least.
He went on for a while, boring the life out of me. At least he was becoming humanized in my eyes. I was starting to see him as the prick that he was, rather than this evil presence in my nightmares. He was a colossal ass, pompous and overbearing. He spoke with such condescension that I was amazed Chase couldn't see it. Maybe he wouldn't see it.
Before the main courses came out Chase stood up and absented himself to the bathroom, leaving me alone with John for the first time. He looked after Chase as he walked away, a contemptuous smile appearing on his face as he turned back to me.
“I remember you,” he said suddenly, his voice turning darker, more cold. Gone was his imperious tone, a far more menacing inflection left in his words.
I looked at him, my breath caught short. He face was stiffening, his eyes falling deeper into their sockets. “I remember what you are,” he hissed once more, his voice no more than a vicious whisper. “I don't forget a face like that, even when it's lost of it's life. I wanted you Grace, I wanted your shadow.”
I sat there glued to my seat, my heart racing. I tried to reply but he cut me off.
“It's that shadow I want Grace. You collapsed before I had my prize. I always like to dot the i's and cross the t's and I always – always – get what I want.”
“You're not having me,” my voice escaped suddenly.
He sat back in his chair. “You sure about that?”
“I'm not a...” I could hardly bring myself to say it. “I'm not a prostitute. I never was.”
His smile widened further. “I know. I don't fuck prostitutes. I only fuck lost souls like you.”
He was sickening me, worse than I ever thought he'd be. “What if I tell Chase. Tell him about this?”
“You won't do that.”
“Why not?” I said, my voice getting louder.
“Because if you do, you'll lose him. If you do, I'll fire him, destroy his reputation, his career.”
I couldn't believe what I was hearing, what he was saying. Chase was almost a son to him, someone he'd helped for years get to where he was. “You'd never do that.”
“You have no idea what I'd do.” The sound of his voice was convincing. He was so callous, so void of emotion, his words falling dead as they crossed the table to my ears. 
“If you don't give me what I want, you'll ruin Chase's life. Can you really do that to dear old Chase whose supported you through all of this, who you love. Yes, I can see it in your eyes. You love him, and he loves you. All you need to do is submit to me for one night, and all of this will be over.”
He smiled, enjoying the game, enjoying playing with his prey. How could he ask this of me? How could he do this to Chase. Was he bluffing, bluffing to get his prize?
“And I'll tell Chase all about our little run-in at Room Z. How you were a prize whore there, how you went off with clients every night, drugged out of your mind. How would he feel about you after that?”
I shook my head. “But that's not true. I never -”
“Oh I know that Grace. But who will he believe? His boss, his mentor? Or a girl who spent several months of her life high on cocaine, off her head?”
I knew he'd believe John. He'd been there himself, been through it all. He had told me himself how many nights he'd lost, how many times he'd woken up not knowing what had happened. He'd never believe me if John swore by it.
“Why the hell do you care anyway. Why me?” I was trying to keep my voice down, but was exasperated, confused.
“Like I said Grace, I always get what I want. I'd seen you in the club before. I wanted you. But then, poof, you got away, disappeared. I never got to finish what we started.”
I saw him turn his head: Chase was walking briskly back across the room to the table. He leaned in. “Think about it Grace. I'll be in touch.”
As he gently leaned back in his seat Chase reappeared at the table. “You two getting along well I see?” he said, a beaming smile on his face. I blinked quickly, trying to dry my watering eyes, planting a fake smile onto my face. 
“Well you took a bloody long time, your prawn starter not go down well?” John's voice changed back suddenly, all pompous and full of energy.
“Oh no, nothing like that. I just ran into an old friend, had a quick chat. Food not here yet?” He looked around.
“Good point,” bleated John loudly, raising his nose and scouring the room for our waitress. He clicked his finger once again and started barking orders at the waitress to go check on our dinner.
I sat there in my chair, still trying to come to terms with what had just happened. I'd lost my appetite as the meals arrived, trying my best to put on a brace face, trying my best to appear normal. “Everything OK?” Chase whispered in my ear, noticing the change in me.
“Fine,” I nodded. “I'm fine.”
For once my lie was convincing. I wasn't fine. I was far from it.
Chapter 20
September 2nd 2013
Cain
I looked ridiculous. 
I stood there looking in the mirror at myself, a person staring back who I barely recognized. For the first time in my life, I was wearing a suit. Yes, a suit. It felt so constrictive, like I was being suffocated by a python. 
“Cain, you look gorgeous. Seriously, it really suits you, excuse the pun.” Emily giggled as she rearranged my tie. “You look like a model. I'm being serious.”
A model. Why would I want to look like a model. A bunch of preening pussies. 
“I'll thank you for doing this later,” she continued. I knew what she was talking about, it was the deal we had come to to get me into this thing. 
Things had been getting a little more serious with Emily in the last couple of weeks, and I was taking yet another step into foreign territory – meeting her mother. This bloody woman was a therapist, God knows she'd have a field day with me. 
I wasn't nervous. I never got nervous. But there was a building feeling inside me that I wasn't used to, an apprehension about meeting this woman. I suppose I wanted to make a good impression. For all my bravado, I was actually starting to quite like Emily. I didn't want her mother to disapprove of me, I wanted her to like me, to look at me and say “yes, you're good enough for my daughter.” I knew I wasn't, of course, but I could at least pretend to be for one dinner? Hence the suit.
I'd taken Emily to my flat by now. The look in her eye when she saw it said it all really. I'd done my best to clean it up, to make it presentable, but there was nothing I could do about the building: the stained ceilings, the graffiti on the walls, the loud music booming out from the flats below. It was a far cry from the world Emily lived in. 
She never seemed to complain though. She'd wiped that look off her face straightaway and started lying through her teeth. “Cain, it's nice. No seriously. I like it.” She was sweet to say so, but I knew she wouldn't want to come back there much. 
We were there now though, getting me suited up. We were going to look ridiculous on my bike the way we were dressed. I hope no one in the building sees me like this.
Half an hour later we were cruising up to Emily's house, my bike disturbing the quiet street as we zipped up the road. “Do you wanna park a little down the street?” Emily shouted in my ear as we approached. I don't think she wanted her mom to see her pulling up on a motorbike. 
“What about the helmets?” I asked as we stepped off. 
“Um...” she thought for a second. “We'll just leave them outside the house. Is that OK? They'll be safe, don't worry,” she said, seeing the look on my face. The places I had lived, if you left anything unguarded for more than five minutes you could kiss it goodbye. 
Despite the fact that she lived there, Emily rang the doorbell, just to make our entrance a little more official. God I was keen to get out of this jacket and roll up my sleeves. The door opened and a stern looking woman appeared. She looked every bit the therapist, an academic who always had her nose in a book, or somebody else's business. 
“Emily darling,” she said, dragging her in for a kiss and a hug. It seemed like it was all for show. They lived together after all, so I can't imagine that they greeted each other like that everyday. Probably for my benefit I suppose.
“Mum, this is Cain, my boyfriend.” It was the first time she'd called me that, the first time anyone had ever called me that. It sounded weird.
“Hello Cain, lovely to meet you, Emily's told me so much.” I really hoped that wasn't the case.
“Hi Mrs Dunlop, likewise.” I didn't know quite what to say, so just returned the sentiments. “Well come on in you two, I've got a lovely lunch waiting for us.”
My first impression of Mrs Dunlop, or Penny as she'd asked me to call her, was way off at the door. On initial glance she'd appeared stern, as if she'd question everything about me, look for my flaws. But she wasn't like that at all. She made me feel quite at ease, actually, and was a lot more lighthearted than I'd have thought a therapist would be. 
I tried my best to put my life in it's best light. I'm a barman with a shady past of alcohol, sex with random woman, and violence. That was the God's honest truth but, of course, I didn't paint the picture like that. I guess it was her job to be understanding, to see the best in people, so she never seemed to question me too hard. 
Until it got to the subject of my upbringing that is. She wasn't forceful, but I opened up more than I usually would, more than I ever had, I suppose. She had a way of asking questions that led me to keep speaking, keep revealing things that I rarely spoke of. I felt like I was on the couch. I probably needed to be there more often.
“So tell me about your childhood Cain. Do you have any brothers and sisters?” I thought that Emily would have already told her about my past, but she seemed keen to hear it from me.
My initial reaction was to, as always, close up, give as little away as possible. “No siblings no. I never knew my parents, actually.”
“Oh?” She stopped, waiting for me to reveal more.
“My mom died when I was just a baby. I never knew my father.”
“Oh, how terrible, I'm sorry to hear that Cain. So were you fostered?” Her tone was soft, understanding.
I nodded, not wanting to say any more, but feeling compelled to do so. “Yes, I had a few foster parents. I don't remember them all.”
“It must have been difficult for you, being passed from family to family?”
“It was. I guess I never felt settled anywhere, never felt like I fit in. I'm ashamed to say it, but I would get in a bit of trouble at school. It made it hard on my foster parents, some of them couldn't handle it.” Shit, shut up Cain.
“You should never feel like it's your fault Cain. These situations are common in cases like yours. You're not to blame.”
“I guess so,” I said, my words dropping.
It seemed to me that this was the part of my life that interested Penny the most. It was like she wanted to know where I'd come from, what my life had been life, so she could determine whether I was safe for her daughter. She'd probably dealt with cases like mine, so probably knew that I may have had a history of violence. I understood – protecting her daughter would be her only concern.
“And, are you still in touch with your latest foster parents?”
“Not really, no. I moved away when I was just 16, I've been living on my own since then.” I stopped, thinking back. “I miss them sometimes though. They were good people, always good to me. The closest thing I had to a family.”
“That's good. And Cain, please forgive me if I'm prying. Hazard of the trade I'm afraid. You don't have to speak about any of this if it makes you uncomfortable.”
To the contrary, she had a way of making things feel comfortable, despite the sensitive topic of conversation.
“It's OK, really. I just don't talk about it that often.” 
“Well thank you for sharing. I know it must be difficult.”
I nodded as we began talking about other subjects, my head still wrapped around my childhood. I hadn't exactly talked in depth about it, but just scratching at those old wounds would often send me straight out to the nearest bar or into the bed of a random woman. Those were the ways I'd usually deal with things, but not anymore.
It was roughly 4 pm when a sudden knock at the door broke us out of our latest topic of conversation – something about a war in God-knows-where that I knew next to nothing about. “That'll be Trevor,” Sally said as she stood and walked out of the dining room.
Emily turned to me as she left. “Look, I'm sorry about mom asking you all those questions earlier. She does it with all of my boyfriends, you don't have to talk about it all if you don't want.” 
“It's fine.” I wanted to dismiss the topic, forget about it. “So, who's Trevor?”
“Oh, that's my moms new partner. They've been together for, I dunno, like 5 months now I think. She met him through therapy.”
She was interrupted as Penny walked back into the room, a middle aged man behind her. What the fuck? I know that face. 
“Cain, this is Trevor. Trevor, this is Emily's new boyfriend, Cain.” 
The man stepped towards me as I stood, his face coming into clearer view. He reached out his hand and took mine, my eyes still exploring his face. It was one that I'd spent so long looking at I could draw it from memory. It was older now, aged and covered in lines, but the eyes, the nose, the mouth; they were all the same. 
“It's a lovely afternoon, let's get some sun outside,” said Penny as she turned and led Trevor out of the room. I was still fixed to the floor. “Come on you two, outside,” she called after us.
I checked my watch. “Em, I've gotta go. I'm really sorry. I just realized I've got to work later on.”
“Oh really, you didn't say?”
“No, sorry, I just realized now. Stupid of me. I've really gotta rush now.” My words were frantic. “Hey, will you tell your mom I had a great time. Thank her will you. I've gotta go.”
With that I shot straight towards the front door, grabbing the helmets from round the corner outside the house and rushing down the road to my bike. I jumped on, kicked the engine to life, and sped off down the street.
Chapter 21
September 7th 2013
Grace
I heard from John Avery a few days after the dinner where I met him. He called me on a private number, a number I didn't recognize. I picked it up not knowing who it was. As soon as I heard the voice, I hung up. 
That had gone on day after day for almost a week, always with a different number. After the first couple, I knew it would be him, and I never picked up. All I got were voicemails, his slimy words oozing down the phone and into my ear. He was relentless in his hunt for me, his desire to finish the job.
“I will never stop, Grace. I will get you eventually. You can never hide from me, never avoid me. I'll always find you. I need to have you. I will have you. It's what I want, and I always get what I want.”
After this voicemail, I stopped listening to them.
I'd been avoiding Chase recently, unable to look him in the eye with this burden on my back. He'd called and told me he needed to see me, so I did. When I met him for dinner, he was glum, his usual enthusiasm stunted, his face showing his stress.
“I'm not gonna get that promotion Grace. It looks like John's going to give it to someone else. I wanted it soooo bad, I've worked so hard for it. I really thought he'd give it to me, but I haven't spoken to him since that dinner. I just got a note saying sorry, that he was probably going for someone else.”
I could see the stress etched all over Chase's face, all over his body. He ordered a whiskey, and sucked it down. It looked like he was beginning to slide.
I heard from John again later that night, this time listening to his voicemail. I needed to hear what he had to say.
“It's started Grace. You've already started ruining Chase's life. This is only the beginning – it won't stop. You can change all of it, you can make everything better. As you can see Grace, I'm not bluffing. I never bluff. Just one night, that's all I want. One evening with me, and everything goes back to normal.”
I slammed my phone on the bed. What the hell should I do? I can't see Chase like this. He'd lose everything, turn back to the alcohol, to the drugs. I couldn't do that to him, not after what he'd done for me. And John was right, I loved him. I knew what I had to do.
I picked up the phone and dialed. It rang, clicking to life. 
“Grace,” came the sleazy voice on the other end, “I thought I'd get your attention sooner or later. Have you changed your mind yet?” He was loving this, loving the cat and mouse game.
“Do I have any other choice?” I asked.
“None,” came the quick reply.
“Then you have your answer.”
I could hear a sigh of anticipation on the other end of the line. “Excellent,” he whispered. “Save this number, I'll call you with the arrangements.”
The phone clicked off. I had to do it.
Cain
I sat on my bike on the side of the street, watching a man open the door to his house and walk in. I'd followed him there, carefully staying far enough back on my bike so that he didn't notice. It was a few days since I'd seen him for the first time in real life, this man I'd thought about so often over the years. Now he was there, a real person, walking into his detached suburban house. 
I'd been with Emily that day, spending time with her at her house. Trevor and Penny had been out for the day so I waited, waited for them to come back so I could trail him home. I'd made a sudden excuse to Emily that I needed to go when they returned, sitting at the end of the street on my bike, watching and waiting as Trevor eventually came out of the house and drove home. 
I sat there now, my pulse racing, nerves running through me. I never got nervous, not until now. It was a rush I couldn't remember, a feeling a didn't recognize. I stepped off my bike and walked towards the door. What was I going to say? What was I going to do?
There was a mix of emotions as I stood there, a fury building in my blood as I prepared to reach for the doorbell. I rang, hearing a flurry of footsteps on the other side before the door swung half open.
“Cain?” Trevor asked as I stood there, clearly surprised to see me.
I nodded, not saying a word.
“What can I do for you? Is everything OK?” He sounded slightly nervous, his anxiety probably driven by the look on my face. I could feel my eyes burning into him as I stared.
“Can I come in?” I asked, my words more like an order than a polite request.
“Um, OK, sure.” He stepped back and opened the door fully. “Is there something I can do for you? Something I can help you with?” He sounded confused, his words carrying an element of fear.
I still didn't answer as I walked in towards him, my anger getting on top of me. I couldn't help myself any more. I lunged at him, swinging my fist into his face, connecting with a crack to his jaw. He flew backwards, stumbling down as he grabbed at something to steady his fall. He pulled over a table with a vase on it as he crashed down, the vase smashing at his feet.
“What – what is this?” He stuttered, his words breaking up. “Who are you?”
I stood where I was, flicking the door shut behind me, looking down on him on the floor. He lay there, his hands propping him up, blood beginning to stream from his nose, his cheek beginning to swell. 
I reached into my jacket pocket, pulling out a photograph, all weathered and worn. I threw it down to him, landing in his lap as he followed it with his eyes. He sat forward, taking the picture in his hand and peering at it closely. “Laura,” he murmured as he looked at the image, his mind tracing back decades.
“Where did you get this photograph?” he said, still staring at it.
I finally spoke, looking straight into his eyes. “From my mother.”
He looked up at me, “Laura? She's your mother?”
I nodded slowly. “She was.”
He slowly got to his feet, tentatively walking towards me. A realization had hit him as he approached, looking at me with regret, a pleading look in his eye. He knew who I was. He knew why I was here.
He stopped short, speaking quietly. “I'm so sorry Cain, I'm so sorry.” He reached to my shoulder with his hand, drawing himself towards me, drawing me into a hug. I resisted, pushing his hands off me, snatching the photograph from his hand. I stepped back, my fists crunching up, my arms tensing.
“Please,” he said, “come into the kitchen, let's talk.” He was pleading, his hands out in front of him, palms down, trying to get me to calm myself.
I was still furious, not knowing whether to punch him again, follow him into the kitchen, or run out of the house and back onto my bike. “Please Cain,” he said again, “let me explain.”
He turned slowly and walked deeper into the house. I followed slowly, my eyes still fixed on him, not registering anything about my surroundings. We stopped in the kitchen as he poured us a glass of whiskey each. 
“Here,” he said, passing me the glass. I took it off him, my hand shaking.
“Your face,” I said, noticing the swelling increase. “You should ice it.” I felt a pang of remorse.
He turned and rummaged in the freezer for an ice pack before turning back to me, hand to his cheek, the other clutching at his whiskey. “Cain, I understand how you must feel. I know how it must have been.” 
“You have NO idea how it must have been.” I spat aggressively.
There was a heavy weight in the air as he carefully chose his words, trying to keep me calm. “I'm sorry for everything. But you have to know, I did everything I could.”
“Everything?” I said coldly. “Everything except being there.”
“I couldn't, I – I didn't know...”
“YOU WERE MY FATHER!” I shouted, my words like a thunderclap in the house, echoing around the walls.
A silence fell on us, no one speaking, no one moving. “I never knew where you were Cain,” he said finally. “I never knew.”
“But you knew you had a son. You knew my mom had YOUR son. Why didn't you do anything when she died?! Why didn't you take me?!”
“I never knew she had died, she never let me see you. She left when we found out she was pregnant. She left and never came back. I tried to find her, but she'd gone. I only found out years later that she'd died and by then – by then it was too late.”
My shaking hand drew my whiskey to my lips as I sunk the glass and placed it back down on the table. I reached for the bottle and refilled it, once more sinking the liquid. I stood there across from him on the other side of the kitchen island, his eyes mourning.
“You were married, weren't you?” I asked suddenly, my words cutting the silence, my mind turning back to the photograph I always stared at as a kid, the ring on the man's finger. “That's why you didn't care. My mom was nothing to you, nothing but a fling.” 
He spoke slowly, his voice deepening. “That's not true. I was married, yes, but I loved your mother.”
“And your wife? Did you love her? Do you still love her. Is Penny just another fling for you?”
He nodded slowly. “I did love her, I loved her until the day she died.” His voice trailed off at those final words. 
“I loved them both Cain, it just happened. Your mom – she left when I wouldn't leave my wife. I couldn't leave her.”
My lips curled up. “How heroic of you. Letting this women you loved walk away, pregnant, while you stayed with your comfortable wife...”
“No Cain,” he interrupted, “I couldn't leave because my wife was pregnant too.” The words hung in the air for a while. “I'm not proud of what I did, I never planned for it to happen.”
“And you chose your wife, letting my mom fend for herself. You're a coward, Trevor, a coward.”
His words were quiet now. “I'm not. I would have taken care of you. I would have if she hadn't left.”
I scoffed. “Sure.” I didn't believe what he was saying, how could I. This man who'd allowed my mom to leave, who'd cheated on his wife and fell in love with another woman. How could I trust him? It could all be lies, he'd clearly lived his life telling them.
“So you have a kid?” I said, suddenly realizing that it wasn't just him – I had a brother or sister as well. Family.
“Two actually. Two daughters. You have two sisters Cain.” He smiled tentatively. 
The words hit me like a tonne of bricks. I have two sisters. I actually have a family.
My words softened as I came to terms with it. “Do they – live here, with you?”
He shook his head. “One, the elder, lives in New York. The other lives nearby though, she visits a lot.” He walked over to the other side of the room and took a picture from the window sill. “Here, he said, “this is them.”
I took the picture from him and my eyes washed over it. Oh. My. God.
“This – this is your daughter?” My words were shaky as I started at the picture.
He nodded, “They both are, yes.”
I looked down upon the photograph of two girls, early 20's, standing together outside in the sun, smiling bright. They looked just like each other, almost like twins. The girl on the left though, I knew that face well. 
It was Grace.
Chapter 22
September 10th 2013
Grace
I sat there looking in the mirror. I was pale, nervous, scared. I didn't want to do what I was about to do, but I had to. I couldn't see any other way out of this. 
I downed a glass of wine and quickly poured another. I looked at my phone – 8 PM. He'd be here any time now. I downed the next glass, trying to numb my body, numb my senses. The less I remembered of this, the better. 
John Avery had called me a couple of days ago with the arrangements. They were simple: “be at your apartment at 8 PM. Wait for my call. When you get it, come down and get into the back of the car.”
That was it. He hadn't told me anything of what he had planned. I knew nothing of what would happen. I didn't feel like my life would be under threat, but I'd left a note for Katie anyway. I told her to read it if, and only if, I didn't return the next day. I knew it wouldn't be needed, there was no way John would harm me, it would be too risky, there would be no point. But I still took the measure anyway, just in case.
I poured a third class of wine as I sat there, fidgeting, nervously checking my phone every few moments. The clock ticked by past 8.05, 8.10. I finished my third glass and then, suddenly, in the silence of my flat, my phone burst to life, buzzing loudly on my coffee table.
My heart was racing as I picked it up. “Hello,” I said, and it went immediately dead. I walked to the window and looked out – there was a car outside waiting for me.
I walked out of my flat, my legs feeling heavy, my head starting to spin. It was a combination of nerves and wine that was doing it, causing me to clutch at the wall as I walked down the stairs in my high heels. My heart threatened to burst through my chest as I walked out into the night, the light starting to fade, and towards the car. I looked around, up and down the street, as I opened the back door and stepped in. The car was a luxury saloon with blacked out windows and a comfortable leather interior. It was wasted on me.
“Hello Grace,” I heard from the front seat, “I'm so glad we're going to do this finally. I've been looking forward to it.” His voice was so slithery, so vile. 
“Where are you taking me?” I asked, trying to control my jittery voice.
“Just a little place in a country. Nowhere sinister. Please, sit back and enjoy the ride.” With that, a plastic pane came down behind the drivers seat, leaving me in there, alone, as the engine started and the car gently glided off down the road.
Cain
Grace is my sister. My sister!
I couldn't believe it. All those times I'd seen her, protected her, I was protecting my sister all along. The feelings I'd had for her, the bond, it made sense now. It all felt right.
It had been a few days since that revelation had landed on my lap, sucker punching me in the gut. I'd left the house in a state of shock, unable to put everything together, get it straight in my head. I need to see her, needed to talk to her, needed to tell her. 
I had gone back to see Trevor, find out where she was, where she lived. We'd talked further as he continued to try to explain himself, explain the past. I didn't have time for it now, I didn't want to know. It was too much to take in, too much to deal with.
But, beneath everything, I was so happy that I'd found a family. In time, maybe, I could forgive Trevor, learn to see him as my father. In time, I could become part of the family. 
Then it hit me, the guilt. The guilt that was still dormant inside me, the guilt that I'd caused the accident that killed Grace's mom, killed Trevor's wife. Had I grown up with them, she'd have been my step mother, and she was dead because of me. 
I had grappled with everything for hours, days, unable to sleep that night and the next, unable to think about anything else. I'd gone back to see Trevor because I had to help get things straight in my head, I had to hear him tell me once more than he wasn't a bad person, that he'd made a mistake, that he'd have raised me if he could, if he'd known. I needed to know that I wasn't unwanted, wasn't discarded to be cared for by strangers. 
I also needed to talk to Grace. I needed to tell her the truth. He'd told me she didn't know, that only her older sister – my sister -  Ellen knew about me, about what had happened in the past. He pleaded with me not to tell Grace, but I had to. This was my sister, and I had to talk to her. So much had happened in the past 18 months that I needed to tell her about. 
He'd eventually relented and had given me her address. I felt some pity for him, pity over the relationship with his older daughter that had broken down over the years, broken down because she had found out about me, about his past. He feared the same would happen with Grace if she knew, but that wasn't enough to stop me. He had to answer for his mistakes, it all had to come out now.
So there I was, on a warm September evening, once again sitting on my bike on the street, once again prepping myself, wondering what I'd say when I announced to another member of my long lost family who I was. A few nights ago it had been Trevor, my father. Now it was Grace, my sister.
I sat there, nervous once more. Unlike Trevor, she knew me. She had met me 18 months ago in that bar, she'd watched on as I beat up that mugger. I didn't know whether she'd remember me or not, but that night probably made a mark on her. I'd seen her often though, saving her from the crash, from those drunks, from the overdose down the ally. I was never one to believe in fate, believe in guardian angels, but it seemed weird to me that I'd been there each time to help her, to save her. I'd felt a bond towards her, feelings that I'd misinterpreted, feelings that I now understood fully. She was my sister. It felt right.
I looked up to her flat and saw that the light was on. I could see a shadow moving past the curtains, pacing, constantly moving around the room. I sat there grappling with myself, pushing myself to go and ring the bell. It might not even be her, could be a flatmate?
As I was gathering the guts to step off my bike and head towards the door, I saw a car slowly pull up outside. I know that car.
A couple of moments later I saw the curtain move, and a face peer through. From where I was I couldn't quite make out if it was Grace or not. I sat and waited, before the front door opened and a girl stepped out. It was Grace.
She walked sheepishly, nervously, to the car, looking up and down the street briefly before stepping in. The car stayed motionless for a second before slowly pulling off up the street away from me. Without thinking, I started the engine and set off after it, making sure to keep my distance.
That car. I knew it from before, from that night at Room Z. I'd seen it rush out of the ally and past me down the street. The ally that I found Grace down, collapsed on the floor. I had to follow it.
Grace
I sat in the back of the car as we pulled through the streets. The three glasses of wine I'd thrown down my neck were doing little to calm my nerves as I looked out at the world going by, regular people going about their regular business. 
We continued on until we'd got out of the town, everything becoming less urban, more country as we drove. Soon we were on quiet roads, my pulse beginning to race as we became more and more isolated. There were no cars around now, no houses to the side of the road, no people walking their dogs. The car cruised along in silence as we drove, my heart beating faster and faster in my chest. 
I thought I heard a distant hum behind us as the world grew quieter, but couldn't see any vehicles. We went on and on, the sun going down outside, covering the world in darkness, the overcast sky shrouding the glow of the moon and stars. All that remained was the light of the car, illuminating our path as we shot by trees and fields, vineyards and farms. 
After about 30 minutes – the longest of my life – we turned up a path, large trees on both sides. We came to a large gate, black and strong, supported on either side by white pillars. I watched as the gate slowly opened, the car sneaking forward and continuing up the driveway towards an imposing Renaissance style mansion. 
The car pulled up and stopped outside, the world plunged into silence as the engine died down. I could hear the drivers door open as John stepped out, shutting it carefully, quietly. I sat in my chair, a growing fear in me, as the door opened to my left, revealing John for the first time, standing there in a suit. 
“We're here Grace. Please, get out of the car,” he said peering down at me. 
I stepped out, my legs shaking, my breath short. “Don't be afraid Grace,” he told me. “This is not about pain, not about fear. You have nothing to be afraid of.” There was a sinister tone to his words. They didn't comfort or reassure me at all.
I walked ahead of me towards the house, large motion sensored lights bursting into life, revealing ornate and opulent walls, dotted with carvings and other decorations. We walked up the steps to the wide entrance, the front door large and formidable. He inserted a key and pushed, the door opening as I followed him inside. 
Cain
I followed as the car pulled off and up the street, making sure that I kept my distance. Was this the same guy as before? Was she working as a hooker? I hated the thought. I'd have hated it before, but now that I knew she was my sister, it made me sick to my bones. 
The car continued through the town as the sun began to bow out under the horizon. I stayed back, keeping several cars behind if I could, hoping that they wouldn't see me. Soon they were off, moving on out of town, through the less urban areas on it's boundaries. How far would they go?
I had to know now. I had to know what was going on. If she was a hooker, I had to help her, had to tell Trevor. It was my responsibility. 
As the roads thinned and became less populated, I began to drop further back. I made sure to stay far enough behind so that I was around any winding corners, keeping out of sight as they pulled further into the country. My bike was loud, whirring away as I tried to keep pace, forcing me further back as the world become ever quieter. 
Soon they were out of sight, the high beam of the car the only indication of their location, a few hundred meters away from me up the road. I could see faints cracks of light flickering between distant trees, helping me keep them on my radar. 
Then, suddenly, the lights slowed and turned, moving up a secluded pathway. I cruised slowly up towards the path, my bike growing quiet as it crawled forward. I could see the car stop for a moment before moving back on, pulling away into the darkness ahead. I turned down the lights on my bike and rounded the corner, creeping forward in the blackness. Ahead I saw the silhouette of a large house, cast against the skies. 
I continued on, seeing a gate closing in font of me. I couldn't get there before it shut tight, locking me out, preventing me from getting closer. I looked ahead into the darkness as the light of the car died in the distance. A waited a moment, letting my eyes adjust to the dark when suddenly some spotlights came on outside the house, shining their glow down on Grace and the mystery man. 
I saw him walk towards the house and open the door. Grace walked gingerly behind him, looking wobbly on her feet. It didn't look natural. She didn't look happy. Something wasn't right.
Chapter 23
September 10th 2013
Grace
The inside of the house was even more opulent than the outside, the walls covered in tapestries and magnificent paintings. There were beautifully carved tables and chairs adorning the main hallway as I walked in, luxurious carpets covering the wooden floors. It looked like something out of a royal palace, old and dripping in money. It also made me feel uncomfortable – large and cold, every footstep echoing through its cavernous rooms. 
He turned as we walked in, pirouetting with his arms held high and wide. “What do you think of my little place in the country,” he shouted with a smile, his words bouncing off the walls.
I had nothing to say. I had hoped we'd as least stay in town, maybe go to the city. An apartment, modern and warm, with people nearby. That would at least have made this nightmare more bearable. But no. We were here, in a creepy mansion in the country, miles from anyone, miles from anywhere. I had nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. I still had no idea what he was going to do with me, do to me. And here, in this place, no one would hear me scream.
“Lighten up Grace.” His words came at me like a hiss. He moved close, his hand touching my side, his slithery lips brushing along my neck. I shuddered at his touch, his feel. “We're here to enjoy ourselves,” he whispered in my ear. “Don't be shy, and don't fear me. Let yourself go, you might just enjoy it.”
He stepped back, turning on the spot. “Follow me,” he said as he walked away, leading me through the hall towards another door. He opened it and walked into a lavish living room. “Sit down please Grace.” He pointed at a chair.
I sat where he'd ordered and he walked to stand in front of me. He moved slowly, menacingly, confidently. It was as if he'd done this a million times.
“Now, I want you to submit to me. You will do what I tell you, when I tell you. Do you understand.”
I shook my head. “What if I don't want to.” As I spoke I heard a slight sound back out near the hallway across the house. It was faint, but sounded like a crack of glass. I looked at John, who hadn't seemed to notice anything, his eyes still fixed on me. 
He looked down his nose at me, his glare stiffening. “You will do it anyway.” His words were suddenly more aggressive, more threatening. 
“And if I don't.”
He chuckled lightly. “Then the deal's off, and you know what that means.” I did. 
I nodded my head slowly. There was nothing else I could say, nothing I could do now. “OK, I submit.”
A wide smile grew across his face. “Excellent.” He reached to his pocket and pulled out a small white packet, just as he had back in Room Z. “First, I want you to take this. You remember it, don't you?” 
“I'm not taking that. Not after last time. No way.” I felt my resolve grow. I wasn't taking that shit again, I didn't care what he said, what he did. 
“Take it,” he said again, his smile disappearing. “I like shadow's. I want you to become a shadow again.”
I shook my head once more. “I won't take it. I won't.”
I could see him thinking, the clogs in his mind working their way to a conclusion. “OK Grace,” he said quietly. “I understand. No drugs.” 
He put the packet back into his pocket. “I'm sorry for asking. I shouldn't be so insensitive, I apologize.” The change in his tone unsettled me.
“How about a drink instead?” He walked over to the back cabinet and poured two classes of champagne out of a cooler. “Here,” he said as he walked back towards me, “it will calm your nerves. It's Crystal.” I didn't give a shit what it was. 
I snatched the glass from him and took a gulp. He watched closely as I did, his eyes lit with anticipation. “Good girl, drink it down.”
I felt it immediately. The lightness in my head, the tingling in my fingers. The world started to blur in front of me as I reached out. “It's OK, it's OK,” I could hear him whisper, “it will just lighten you up.”
Then, everything closed in, the blackness overcoming me, and I collapsed to the floor. 
Cain
I peered in as Grace entered the house. I knew something was up. This wasn't right. I shook the gate: it was stuck fast. I started climbing, grasping the vertical slats of cold metal tight, pulling myself up and over the gate. 
The lights outside went off, plunging me into darkness but for a dim light shining from inside the house. I moved forward slowly, my eyes adjusting, filtering in as much light as possible. Gradually my vision improved, allowing me to quicken my progress. I heard a shout from inside as I went, a man's voice. I listened for something more. Nothing, silence again. 
Shit, no. The lights came back on as I approached, bathing the outside in a yellow glow once more. I rushed forward until I reached the front door, moving around the walls and looking for a window. I caught sight of Grace being led to the back of the house, in through a door from the hallway. I don't think they'd noticed the lights. 
I went back to the front door and tried to push it open. It was locked from the inside. Fuck. I moved back round the house, searching for another way in. Screw it. I took off my jacket and wrapped it as tight as I could around my fist. There was a window further along the front wall of the house, leading into what seemed to be a study adjoined to the hall. I looked in and saw that the door to the hall was shut. Hopefully they wouldn't hear me.
I quickly inspected the glass. It was single framed, weak, easy to break. I pushed my fist against it, seeing if it might crack. It wouldn't. I put more force behind it, jabbing at the pane until suddenly, a large crack appeared up the middle. I held my breath for a second as I listened for footsteps, for movement in my direction. There was nothing.
I quickly put my jacket back on and gripped a large section of the cracked glass with my fingers. I wiggled it, only small pieces dropping to the floor with a light crack. A moment later the entire shard was ripped from the pane, leaving a hole big enough for my arm. I threw the shard to the dirt at my feet and reached in, unlocking the rudimentary lock and pushing the window open. It creaked lightly as I climbed through, setting foot in the sinister study.
I stepped quickly but quietly to the door and turned the handle as slowly as I could, creeping into the hallway and across to the other side, across to the room Grace had entered. The door was left slightly ajar, enough for me to see down one side of the room. 
I stopped outside and listened intently. I could hear Grace breathing heavily over the other side of the room. The man seemed to be placating her, offering her a drink. I heard footsteps walking towards me, towards the wall near the door. Through the crack I saw the man appear, a mischievous smile on his face. He walked to a cabinet and pulled out a bottle of champagne from an inbuilt refrigerator, popping off the cork and pouring a glass. 
As he poured the second I saw him slide his hand into his pocket and draw out a small white packet. He tipped the white powder into the glass as he poured, mixing it with the liquid. He walked back over to the other side of the room and out of my sight.
I heard him give the glass to Grace. “Good girl, drink it down.” His words were as poisonous as the drink. My breath began to quicken. I felt my anger grow. Then, suddenly, I heard a thud and crack as a glass smashed on the floor.
“Such I shame. It was such a fine glass,” I heard the man say. “Now Grace, what shall we do with you.”
Chapter 24
September 10th 2013
Cain
My blood was boiling as I stepped round the door, pushing it open. I saw the man looking down at Grace, her body collapsed to the floor, broken glass scattered near her hand. 
I stared at him, my fists closing together. He didn't notice me, still looking down at Grace, at my sister, lying helpless on the floor. Then, suddenly, he turned his head, seeing me standing there in the doorway, a look of fury on my face. He stumbled backwards as soon as he saw me, falling back onto a chair. “Who – who the fuck are you?” he shouted, his words trembling. He looked upon me, tall and strong, my eyes flaming bright, my muscles like coiled springs, ready to strike. 
I walked towards him slowly, seeing the fear in his eyes. He fell off the chair and scrambled on the floor to a dresser along the far wall, hurriedly opening the drawers and frantically feeling around inside with his hands. I rushed at him and struck him in the back with my fist. He slumped down, lying prostrate below me.
He reached for the dresser and clutched at the open drawers, quickly dragging himself back to his feet. Then, suddenly, he twisted his body towards me, his hand coming at me low, aiming for my stomach. I saw a glint of light as the steel blade cut into my flesh, pushing the breath out of my lungs. 
I staggered back, reaching for my abdomen, blood already beginning to trickle from the wound. He stood there, panting, a six inch bloodied knife in his hand. He came at me again, rushing with the knife. I backed away, one hand to my wound, blood pouring through my fingers, the other out in front. He swung the knife once more, a manic look in his eye, going for my throat. I leaned back, the blade missing, and grabbed his wrist with my hand, pulling him to the floor. 
I fell on top of him, releasing my hand from my abdomen and pulling at his fingers. He screamed out, a primal roar, as I prized his fingers apart one my one. The knife slid from his grip as we grappled, writhing on the floor like a couple of snakes. 
My wound was weakening me, every lost drop of blood sapping my energy. He struggled violently under my weight, shifting and shaking, his elbows and knees, striking at my body. He caught me in the stomach, a knee to my cut flesh, and I screamed out in pain, rolling onto my back, both of my hands pressed to my stomach.
He reached for the knife once more, blood now staining the wooden floors, soaking my clothes. “Who are you?” he shouted again as he knelt on top of me, the knife in his hand, poised to strike. 
“Grace. She's my sister,” I cried back, blood spurting from my mouth. “Please, I'm just here for her.” 
He looked down at me, his eyes wide. “You shouldn't have come here. You have no idea what this is. You've forced me to do this.” 
“Please,” I gurgled through the blood accumulating in my mouth, “you don't have to do this.”
He looked at me, his expression now emotionless. “Yes I do,” he said, as the knife came down towards my chest. 
I closed my eyes, waiting for the searing pain as the razor sharp knife shot towards my heart. This was it, I was going to die.
Grace
I could hear muffled screams in my head. Heavy thuds on the floor. My mind was blurred, everything hazy, everything a dream. I slowly opened my eyes but couldn't see clearly. It was like I was looking through a sheet of wet paper, nothing clear behind it. 
Gradually my mind and my vision came back into focus. The shouting and fumbling in the background grew more clear. I tried to move my arms, tried to get to my feet, but everything was spinning. I managed to sit up, to turn my head. I saw two figures wrestling, red all over the floor. 
The fog began to lift as I looked on, the two figures becoming more clear. There was a knife, blood all over the blade, lying nearby, hands desperately reaching for it. Amid the tangle of limbs I made out a man, shaved head and square jaw. I knew the face. It was Cain. He was bleeding, blood soaking his top, gushing to the floor. 
I saw him slowly give out, relenting under John's frantic movements. He climbed on him, picking up the knife and locking Cain's arms to the floor with his knees. I heard him speak, asking who he was, and then the answer. My sister.
My mind was still spinning. I was delirious. Sister? I could see Cain pleading, his voice now desperate, but John's words came out cold, dropping like stones into water. I had to do something. 
I pushed myself to my feet, the world still shaking around me. I saw an ornament on the coffee table, and lifted to pick it up. It was heavy. I stumbled over towards them, lifting the ornament to my head. I saw John raise the knife, Cain closing his eyes, as blood dribbled from his mouth. I mustered as much strength as I could and shot the ornament down onto John's head, hearing his skull crack, his body slumping to the floor. 
The world went blurry once more, my mind closing back in on itself, and blackness hit me again.
Cain
The searing pain never came, the knife never hit. I heard a heavy crack and felt the man fall to the side, his weight giving way on my body. I opened my eyes and looked up to see Grace lying closer than she had been, passed out on the floor. 
I wriggled my body free of the man and saw his head, a crack down his skull, spewing blood. I checked for a pulse: it was growing faint. Good. Fuck you.
I dragged myself to Grace and shook her on the shoulder. “Grace. Grace.” She didn't wake up. I stood up gingerly and took off my jacket, then my top, wrapping it tight around my body to try to slow my blood loss. I was feeling light headed, the world beginning to go blurry around me. 
We need to get out. Now.
I turned and moved back towards the hall, my thoughts running at a hundred miles per hour. Gasoline. I need gasoline. I walked round the hall, looking though doors, searching for some sort of utility area. I progressed through the house, quickly checking each door off. It was massive, a maze of rooms. I moved through the kitchen and saw a metal door to the back. I walked towards it and pushed it open. Yes. A garage.
The garage was adjoined to the house, with several custom cars lined up inside. I scanned the room quickly, searching for a canister of fuel. There. I paced towards it and picked it up. It was full. I quickly opened drawers, searching for matches. Great, a small box. 
I retraced my steps through the house, pouring the gas as I went, covering as much of it as I could. I went back through the garage, into the kitchen, and through the adjoining rooms to the hall. I doused the place, splashing the gas everywhere I'd stepped, everywhere I'd dripped blood. Eventually, I made it back to the living room.
I stepped in and saw Grace still lying there, still passed out on the floor. The pool of blood around the man's head had grown, his pulse now faded to nothing. He was dead.
“Grace, Grace,” I shook her forcefully. “We have to get out of here, now!”
She stirred slightly, groaning. “Come on Grace, get up, we need to go!” 
I was keeping it together despite my wound, despite my loss of blood. I had to, for me, for her. I managed to stem my loss of blood, my makeshift bandage doing it's short term job. I put my jacket back on, moving around the room, pouring gas everywhere. “Grace, come on, wake up.” I shook at her again. She continued to stir, slowly coming back around. 
The gate. I need to open the gate. I stumbled over towards the man, reaching into his pockets, searching for his keys. Not in his jacket. I went for his trousers. Yes! I pulled them out.
I dragged Grace to her feet. She was light, all I could manage. I propped her up as I walked her towards the door. She was coming round now, moaning slightly, able to walk, stumble along. We walked out into the hall, the gasoline in my spare hand, and towards the front door. I kicked it open with my foot, walking slowly down the stairs away from house, the outside lights coming back on suddenly, causing me to squint. I went slowly, pouring more gasoline to the ground as we walked, all the way down the path to the front gate. I clicked the button on the keys and it opened up slowly, whirring gently as the motor turned. 
I led Grace to my bike, propping her onto it. “Cain,” she whispered, “what did I do?” She sounded delirious, half drunk, as if she didn't remember what had happened, didn't know what was happening. 
“Sit there, and hold on tight,” I said as I climbed on the front. “Wrap your arms around me, right around here.” I position her arms around my upper chest, away from my wound. “Good, now don't let go.”
I pulled the matches from my pocket and opened up the box, pulling out a match and scratching it across the sandpaper. The end burst into life, the flame burning bright. I looked down at the trail of gas and flicked the match onto it, immediately triggering a blaze. The fire worked its way up the trail, snaking it's way towards the house, up the steps, and in through the door. I waited and watched as the fire entered the house, spreading immediately around the core of the mansion. It's old wooden walls sparked up quickly, its luxurious carpets, rugs, and tapestries quickly fueling the fire. 
I still waited, watching as the blaze grew, spreading quickly to the extremities of the mansion, the fire becoming unstoppable as the flames continued to venture further. I stared on, the burning mansion strangely hypnotic under the night sky, the crackling and roaring of the flames like a beast awoken from its slumber.
Once satisfied the fire would not abate, I kicked the engine to life, turned the front wheel, and shot off down the road into the dark night.
Chapter 25
September 10th 2013
Grace
The world shot by in a blur as the motorbike zipped along down the country roads. My head was beginning to come back around, everything coming back into focus. My arms were fixed around Cain's chest, his body exposed under his jacket. What was he doing here?
I was trying to remember what had happened. The house, John, the champagne. Then...nothing, blackness. It was all hazy, all shrouded. I'd seen John on top of Cain. Cain, why was here there? He said...he said I was his sister. How could that be? And then – then I saw John with the knife, about to strike. Cain was pleading. I picked up something, something heavy. I hit John on the head with it, to make him stop, to save Cain. Then, blackness again.
A feeling of panic went through my body. Where was John now? Did I just knock him out? He'd tell Chase now for sure, tell him about me, about what had happened. My hands began to shake as my grip loosened around Cain's chest. I felt his hand reach to mine from the handle, locking my hands back around him. I heard him shout, “hold on Grace, we're nearly there.”
We shot down the road, once again approaching town. It was late now, quiet on the streets. We came to a suburban area, a rough part of town that I didn't know. The buildings looked run down, the walls covered in graffiti, rusty old cars lining the street. We pulled up and Cain quickly stepped off the bike, wincing and grabbing at his stomach in pain as he moved.
He turned to me. “Stay here Grace, stay on the bike.”
He walked towards the front door of a building, hitting the buzzer at the bottom. He looked exhausted as he leaned up against the wall, his face pale, his hands covered in blood. I heard the buzzer click to life and a scratchy voice shout out of it. “Who is it?” The voice was aggressive.
“Brad, it's Cain. I need your help, now.”
“Cain, what's up man?” His tone had changed to one of concern.
“Just come down now.”
I moment later I saw Brad appear out of the door. I recognized him from all those months ago when he'd been dating Katie. He looked shocked as he saw Cain there, his hands clasping at his abdomen. They talked in hushed tones for a moment, words I couldn't hear. The world was still hazy around me, my body still reeling from whatever John had given me.
Brad suddenly rushed towards me. “Grace, you need to step off the bike.” He spoke at me clearly, making sure I heard him, making sure I understood. 
I stepped off, swaying as I put my weight back onto my feet. He put his arm around me and started walking me towards the front door. He stopped at Cain, his skin lost of it's color. “Grace, Brad's going to take you to his flat. You'll be safe there. Please, stay there until he comes back.” I nodded lightly as Brad helped me into the house and up the stairs. “Grace, lie down there. I need to help Cain. I'll be back soon.”
He put me onto the bed as my head continued spinning, laying me down carefully. He then turned and ran to the door, shutting it fast and locking it from the outside. I heard him rush down the steps, down to Cain. A flurry of footsteps, the clanging of metal and car doors opening and shutting, and then a car shooting off up the road, tires screeching.
Cain
Brad came cascading down the stairs as I stood there, my body going weak. The adrenaline was starting to rush out of my body, and the searing pain of my wound was now setting in. He rushed down and towards my bike, quickly pulling it to the other side of the street. He opened a rusty old garage door and wheeled the bike in, before jumping into his car and turning on the ignition. He drove out, got out of the car again, and shut the garage door. 
He rushed over to me, helping me into the back seat. “Lie down there mate, we'll get you fixed up.”
He hit the gas and the engine burst to life, the tires screeching as the car shot up the road. I lay on the back seat, my mind drifting in and out of consciousness, my eyes slowly closing shut. Then, the world went black.
Chapter 26
September 11th 2013
Grace
I stood there looking down on Cain, breathing lightly as he lay on the bed, his wound fully dressed and wrapped. Brad had told me he'd be fine, that the wound was superficial, nothing to worry about. He'd lost a lot of blood, sure, but they'd sorted it now. “Just a scratch,” he'd joked. I suppose he did it to calm me down, reassure me.
We were in the house of a friend of Brad's, or someone who owed him a favor at least. He was a private doctor, and had a clinic downstairs below his flat. He'd managed to sort things out, and now Cain was resting it off in his spare room above. Brad said the hospitals would ask questions if he brought him in with a stab wound, so he took him there instead. I don't think he exactly knew what had happened, but it was a wise choice.
Cain stirred as I watched him, his eyes beginning to flicker, to open. A smile slowly to appear on his face as he saw me. “Grace,” he croaked, “you're OK.” He sounded so relieved.
I grabbed his hand and squeezed it tight. “Thank you. I don't know how to thank you Cain. I don't know what would have happened if you weren't there.”
He groaned slightly as he shifted his weight, trying to sit up. “I've always been there Grace. I will always be there to help you.”
“But – but how did you know. I don't understand. And – I heard you say that – that I'm your sister?”
He signed. “There's so much to say Grace, so much you don't know. I think maybe you should talk to Trevor about it. Talk to your dad, he's got a lot to tell you.”
I pulled up a chair and sat down in front of him. “But I don't understand. How can you be my brother?” I needed to know, I need to find out the truth.
“I've only just found out myself.” He paused, grimacing slightly as he sat up further. “I never knew my parents, Grace. My mom died when I was a baby. My father was never there. Turns out, he was your father too.”
I shook my head. “But that would mean my dad had an affair. He'd have been married to my mom by then. I can't believe he'd do that.”
“I'm sorry Grace, it's the truth. Talk to him, he'll explain it all.”
I sensed that he didn't want to talk about it now, that it was too soon. “I'm sorry, I shouldn't be questioning you now about this. It's just hard to take in.”
I stood up. “Perhaps I should leave you to rest more? Come back later?” 
“No.” He reached out and took my hand. “I need to tell you more.” He had a grave sound to his voice. 
I sat down and looked at him, his eyes beginning to water. His voice was unsteady, breaking up slightly as he spoke. “I'm so sorry about your mom Grace.”
My breath caught as I heard him speak of her. “I was there,” he continued, “I was there when it happened.”
My mind shot back to that night in the hospital, that night after my overdose. I saw him then, the helmet, it all made sense. “So that was you,” he said. “You were the one who saved me?”
He nodded slightly, a tear trickling out of his eye. “I'm sorry I couldn't save your mom. I'm sorry – for everything.” His voice trailed off, as if he wanted to say more but couldn't.
“Cain, you tried your best. No one would have done what you did. You saved my life. And now you've saved me again.”
“And that night,” I continued, “that night at Room Z. You were there then? You were there at the hospital?”
He nodded again, unable to muster his words. I couldn't put it all together. He'd always been there for me, always. At the crash, at the club, at the mansion. It must have been fate. He was my guardian angel, but lost brother, my protector. There was no way I could ever thank him for what he'd done. There was no way I could ever tell him what it meant to me.
It was all so much so take, all so much to deal with. And the mansion, the previous night. It was all such a blur, like a nightmare that didn't really happen. But it did, it was real. I needed to know.
“Last night,” I said. “Last night at the mansion.” He looked at me, his eyes drying, his expression turning more serious, more grave. “What happened?” I asked, “how were you there?”
He thought for a second, his frown deepening. Then he began to speak, recounting the story, his words slow and clear.
“I had come to speak to you, to tell you who I was. I needed to tell you about this, all of this. I was waiting outside your flat – your father had given me your address – and was thinking of what I'd say. I saw a car pull up. I recognized it from that night outside Room Z, the night you had an overdose.”
I cut in. “So it was you. It was you who found me?”
He nodded.
“How, how were you there?”
“I was at the club with Brad. I saw you go into the VIP area. I know what goes on back there Grace. I tried to follow you, stop you, but the bouncer wouldn't let me. They threw me out and that's when I saw the car rushing away. I looked round the ally, and there you were.”
A tear was beginning to flow down my cheek, my eyes going watery as I watched him speak, watched him explain how he'd always been there when I needed help.
“I saw that same car outside your flat,”he continued, “I saw you come out. You didn't look comfortable. I was worried, worried you were in trouble so – so I followed. I saw you go into the mansion, I heard a scream, I thought you were in danger, so I broke in. Then – I saw him put something in your drink. I heard you collapse, your glass smash on the floor.”
My breathing increased as he told the story. I remembered this, all of it, but I was scared to hear more, scared to find out what had happened next.
“I walked in and he was there, over you. He saw me and ran for a drawer. I thought he was going for a gun, so I chased him down. He managed to get a knife from the drawer and – he got me. “He tilted his head down to his bandage. “We continued fighting. He was going to kill me Grace, he was going to stab me in the heart. Then, you saved me.”
My vague memories of the nightmare were becoming more clear as he spoke. I remembered hitting him, but nothing more. I began breathing heavily again, my hands shaking. “Did I kill him?” I asked, my voice timid. 
He was silent for a moment as he looked at me. “I need to know. Did I kill him. Is he dead?” I was more frantic now, my words desperate.
“No,” he said quietly, slowly, “you didn't kill him. It was me. I did it.”
I leaned back in my chair and breathed deep. His voice continued, the words cold and dry from his mouth. “You passed out again Grace. He got back up, came at me again. I took the knife and – that was it.”
So he was dead. Chase's mentor, his father figure. What would happen now. They'd find out. The police. They'd know I was there, know Cain was there. His blood, everything.
“It's OK Grace,” he said, as if he saw what I was thinking. “I sorted it all. I burned down the house, there's no evidence we were there. No one knew you'd be there, did they?”
My heart stopped. “I – I don't know. What if they do, they'll get me. I – what should I do?” My eye's were turning wide with fear, my body shaking hard. He grabbed my hand and squeezed it tight, dragging my attention back to him. “Think Grace. Would anyone know?”
I thought it through. He wouldn't tell anyone. Not about this. This would all be off the books, private. I thought hard. He'd said it was just us, that no one knew about it all. It wasn't something he'd want to share, it could ruin him if it got out.
“I – I don't think so,” I said, my words shaking. 
“Look at me Grace,” he said again. “You did nothing wrong. He deserved what he got. There's nothing that can link you to this. Nothing.”
I sat there thinking, my heart racing. It was all such a rush, everything had happened so quickly. How did it all come to this? How was I here, now, in this situation. How would I look Chase in the eye now? How would I move on?
“Live your life, Grace,” Cain's words broke me from my thoughts. “Put all of this behind you, and live your life.”
His words were slow now, tired. He breathed deep, slowly sliding back down into the bed. “I need to rest, Grace. We both need to rest, move on from this. It's over now.” 
“I'll come back tomorrow? I'll come back every day.” I said, tears beginning to roll once more down my cheeks.
He nodded, smiling lightly. “That'd be nice,” he said, his eyes closing slowly. “I'd like that.”
With that I turned slowly and walked to the door, looking back just before I left at my protector, my brother, lying on the bed. My brother. I have a brother.
Epilogue
November 14th 2013
Cain
I sat in a cafe in the middle of nowhere, my bike parked outside. My stomach ached slightly, the wound still not fully healed. I looked out the window of the diner, a smattering of dusty cars parked off the road. “Fancy a refill love?” 
I looked up to see a portly waitress holding a pot of coffee. “Please.” She poured the dark brown liquid into my cup and waddled away. I reached into my jacket pocket and pulled out a small metal hip flask, spinning off the cap and tipping the contents into the coffee. I took a sip. Much better.
I'd been moving about a bit for the last couple of months, just waiting for things to die down back home. Home – I guess I could call it that. I hadn't been there long, but I had family there now though, so it would always be home to me. Family – the thought was still to alien to me, so hard to digest.
I picked up my phone and dialed a number. It rang twice and then picked up.
“Any news?” I asked immediately.
“Nothing new.” It was Brad.
Brad had lived in West Norton all his life, and knew people from all walks. He'd been keeping his ear to the ground for me, listening in for anything about the John Avery murder and arson. Murder, that's what they were calling it. The autopsy and cracked skull would have given that away. 
I'd told Grace it was me, that I'd killed him. I didn't want her dealing with that guilt, carrying that burden. I could take it, I'd have killed that fucker if I could have. He deserved to die, it was karma. 
“And Grace?” I asked Brad on the phone.
“All good mate. She's back at college, still with that Chase guy. Don't know much about him, but he seems safe. You don't need to worry about her.”
I had asked Brad to keep an eye on her, just check on her every now and then to see if she was OK. She must have been scared, scared that someone would come knocking at her door. But things were more settled now. She'd be OK.
I asked one final question of Brad before hanging up. “How about Emily?”
He went quiet for a second on the line. “Sorry bro, she's seeing some other dude now. I saw her in the bar with him, some college dickhead.”
I sighed. What did I expect. I liked her, I still wanted her.
“So mate, when you coming back, we miss you round here.”
The sides of my mouth began to crack into a smile. “Soon bro, soon.”
Next Book in the Series:
FIGHT FOR YOU - Get it for only $3.99


