ONLY IN TIME
By Kelli McCracken

~~~~

Copyright Information
This book is a work of fiction. The characters, incidents, places, and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Only in Time
Twin Flames Press
FIRST EDITION
Copyright © 2013 by Kelli McCracken
All rights reserved
Smashwords Edition
No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Any inquiries can be made to:
Email

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

~~~~

Start Reading
Afterword
Other Works by Kelli McCracken
Contact Information
Acknowledgments
Table of Contents

~~~~
PROLOGUE

The tires on the old Chevy pickup squealed in protest as Jonah McCabe slid into a parking space. Ripping the seatbelt from its lock, he grabbed the slip of paper off the dash, scanning the words until he found what he wanted.
7:50 PM
He gripped the handle, pushing the door open. One last look at his wrist brought his eyes to his watch.
7:46 PM.
Damn. Time was almost up.
Slamming the door behind him, he raced toward the main doors of the train station. The scent of stale Old Spice lingered in the air when he entered.
He scanned the waiting area for a familiar face. One that made his heart catch every time he looked upon it.
A feminine voice echoed off the walls of the station from the PA system. The cheeriness in her voice knotted his gut, but not as bad as when she announced the final boarding call for New York.
Pushing his legs to move faster, he ignored the tightness in his chest. Time wasn’t a luxury. Never had been. Maybe one day, he would get his shit together. Take life a little more seriously.
He’d have no other choice if he didn’t make it in time to stop the train.
Weaving through the wooden benches, he searched for the boarding entrance. It wasn’t the easiest task. Recent passengers crowded the lobby, huddling with family and friends they’d been separated from for only God knows how long.
Other people were assembled at the ticket booth, making purchases and checking schedules. Just ahead, another crowd pushed into the building. Bold letters hung above the door with words he’d been anxious to see.
DEPARTURES.
The sign should have read, Last Chance at Happiness. Because that’s what waited on the other side of the door.
His last chance.
Forget stopping the train. He had to stop her.
As the seconds ticked away in his head, Jonah raced past the ticket counter, ready to curse anyone who tried to stop him from going outside. Luckily, no one did. He said a silent prayer as the cool metal handle greeted his hands. One hard push had the door opening.
The scent of diesel assaulted his nose as he stepped onto the cement pad. He searched for the train that should have been in front of him. Running to the edge of the platform, he stared at the empty tracks below, trying to tune out the metal squeaking in the distance.
Metal squeaking…? No!
The shrill sound of a whistle startled him as he turned just in time to see the end of the train pulling away.
“Hey,” he shouted. “Hey, stop!” Zipping past a crowd of onlookers, he made it to the end of the pad. But not soon enough to reach the train, though that didn’t stop him from protesting. “I need to get on that train! Please! I need to…”
His pleas fell on deaf ears. The only patrons remaining were those who’d seen off their family or friends. While a few shot him glares adorned with folded brows, most just ignored him.
He’d ignore himself, too, had the roles been reversed.
The one thing he couldn’t ignore…the ache in his chest. How it built near his heart, spreading like a deadly virus through his arms, legs, even his head. Everything ached. His lungs burned when he tried to take a breath.
As his hands fell to his sides, the slip of paper he’d been holding fell toward the ground. He didn’t bother catching it. He didn’t need it anymore. Everything he ever wanted just disappeared, along with the taillights of the train.
Wallowing in the pain, he wanted to make sure he never forgot how bad this hurt. To breathe. To think. To stand and watch his life go down the drain. That way he’d never make this same mistake, again. The mistake of giving his heart away to a woman. A woman who would never know how much he loved her. That he’d come to stop her. To give her the reason she’d been searching for.
Too bad time hadn’t been on his side. Would have been if he hadn’t—
Damn her mother.
~~~~
CHAPTER 1

Six years later…

The crumpled newspaper crackled in Ally Jacobs’ hand as she removed the last picture from the box on the floor. Her eyes trailed over the other dozen boxes spread across her new living room. Each one held items from her apartment in New York. Items that needed a new wall, or shelf, or drawer. She’d be here a week or more if she tried finding the perfect spot for everything. Not that she would. The picture in her hand held more significance than anything else she owned.
Letting the paper fall to the floor, she swiped her palm against the glass, eyeing the handsome man in the photo. Dressed in his BDUs, insignias donned his collar. A diamond nestled between three arcs and three chevrons. Her father looked every bit the army first-sergeant he was. Even while hugging her.
As she placed the photo on the table near the window, a tinge of sadness pinched her heart. She adjusted the frame before draping dog tags over it. Her finger slid across the engraved words Jacobs, Robert.
Hard to believe it had been fourteen years since her mother received that dreaded visit by the military base chaplain. The visit that rocked Ally’s world, even at the age of ten. She wished she had done as her mother told her. To go to her room and shut the door. Had she listened instead of peeking around the hallway corner, she wouldn’t have heard every painful word that slipped past the chaplain’s lips. How her father had been killed in the line of duty. Not by a bullet, but from an explosion.
The words coming from his mouth weren’t as soul shaking as the question her mother asked…if she would have anything to bury? Ally inhaled a shaky breath, remembering how the chaplain shook his head. How his eyes found hers right after, causing his mouth to gape.
Blinking back tears, she eyed the dog tags once more, grateful her father had misplaced the set right after they moved to Savannah. Out of his belongings she’d kept, she treasured the tags the most. Probably because he allowed her to wear them whenever she asked. Or because she thought they contained super powers, because her dad had been her hero.
Shifting her focus out the window, she gazed at the other houses on her street, wondering how many people still lived in the old neighborhood. While the street she’d grown up on was a few blocks away, she’d been on this street plenty. Cassie Clarke used to live at the end of the road. Her best friend’s parents still did, luckily. She may have never found this house had they moved elsewhere.
Ally couldn’t help but wonder if someone else’s parents still lived across from Cassie’s old house. A certain someone who had made life in Savannah bearable after her father’s death.
Did he still live in—
The doorbell chime echoed through the house, making Ally’s heart pound in her chest. Each thump resonated in her ears as she walked toward the door. Not many people knew she’d returned, short of her mother and Cassie. Her dinner date with her mom wouldn’t be for a couple more hours, which meant the unexpected visitor could only be one person.
As the door swung inward, Ally expected a set of brown eyes to be staring back at her. Instead, gray ones did. They were a striking contrast to the brown uniform he wore.
“Afternoon, ma’am. I have a package for Ally Jacobs.” He raised his hands in front of him, holding a small rectangular box.
“That would be me.” She grabbed the electronic device he handed her. With her quickest, sloppiest signature recorded, she returned the device, exchanging it for her package.
She barely heard him say goodbye as her eyes scrolled across the sender’s information. Her old address in New York. What had her roommate sent?
Curious to what the package contained, she tore at the cardboard until a letter slipped out. She stared at the perfectly constructed letters on the paper.
I told you that you’d forget something. Hope you’re enjoying Savannah. Will miss going out for coffee in the mornings. Don’t forget about me. ~Darcy
Smiling at the paper, she walked back to the living room, placing the letter on the coffee table before sitting on the couch. She could have sworn she went over every inch of the apartment before she left. Hard to believe she could have forgotten something.
She gazed down at the box in her lap, unfolding the flaps until the item inside stared back at her. Seeing the old, blue t-shirt stole the air from her lungs. She hadn’t forgotten to pack it. She didn’t realize she still had it.
The soft cotton teased her fingers as she pulled the shirt from the box. A wave of pine and juniper swirled inside her nose. God, she loved the smell of Polo cologne. Which is why she had bought him a bottle for Christmas during their senior year. Had she known it would be their last Christmas together…
Pushing back the ache in her heart, she stuffed the shirt inside the box. She couldn’t afford this little trip down memory lane. And he sure as hell didn’t deserve any of her tears. She had given him enough. He made his decision just as she made hers. No sense in revisiting a place that closed its doors to her before she stepped foot on the train.
She’d never go there again. Would never ask for the key to unlock Jonah McCabe’s heart.
* * *
The growl of a zipper filled the hotel suite before Jonah flung open the lid to his suitcase. He tossed a pair of socks inside, half pleased when they landed in the gap beside a stack of shirts. If only everything else in his life would fall into place with such ease.
He tuned out the chirping from his phone and the text message it announced. There were enough distractions for him to deal with, today. He didn’t need to deal with anyone else.
A voice cleared behind him, bringing his thoughts back to the question still hanging in the air. And the answer his brother wanted.
But the answer he had wouldn’t be the one his brother expected.
Shaking his head, Jonah grabbed his shaving kit off the bed, securing it inside the suitcase. Might as well apologize and get it over with. He couldn’t put off his brother for long. Regardless of whatever excuse he conjured, it wouldn’t be good enough.
“Sorry, Theo. I can’t do it. My flight leaves in three hours.”
“So what?” Theo grumbled from behind. “Fly back tomorrow instead.”
Even as grown men, his baby brother knew just how to work him. Jonah let out an exasperated sigh. “I haven’t played in a solid year. This isn’t about rearranging my schedule. It’s about you finding the right guy. Someone with some talent.”
He stole a glance at his brother, not surprised to see frustration filling Theo’s blue eyes. “You can sell that bullshit somewhere else, Jonah,” he snorted, folding his arms as he leaned against the doorframe. “Tell me you won’t, but don’t tell me you can’t. We both know better than that.”
Biting the inside of his cheek, Jonah studied Theo. His brother was as stubborn as their father. Neither would take no for an answer.
A moment of silence accomplished nothing other than a stare down between them. Then Theo stepped toward him, his set jaw proof that he wanted to argue his point, but Jonah’s phone buzzed to life. His eyes moved toward the nightstand, locking on the text bubble that lit up the screen. It had to be Fiona. Again. Which only proved the point he was trying to make.
“See!” He gripped the phone in his hand, shaking it in Theo’s direction. “I have other shit to take care of. I can’t stay.”
It only took Theo a second to reach him, his brows tightening with each step. “You lined this gig up months ago. Convinced me how important it was to prepare for our live album recording. You should be responsible for finding a replacement!” Theo’s voice cracked as it hit a higher pitch. But as quick as anger filled his face, it disappeared just the same. His eyes wavered between Jonah’s and the phone before falling to the floor. “Jonah…I wouldn’t be asking if Jeff could make it, or if we had anyone else.”
Yeah, yeah. So he’d said the first time Jonah had said no. This was about the time when guilt kicked him in the ass and he gave in. Family first. It was the promise they’d made five years ago, almost to the day when Jonah had accepted the job he should be flying back to.
In under three hours.
Shit.
Searching for the zipper, he fought back the urge to flat out refuse. “Jeff won’t be ready for the recording if he doesn’t show. Why ask for my advice if you guys aren’t going to follow it? A freaked out girlfriend is a piss poor excuse to cancel, if you ask me.”
“Doesn’t change the fact that he had to, though. For Christ’s sake, she’s pregnant, Jonah. Jeff has a whole mess to deal with. I ain’t touching it and it shouldn’t matter. Where the hell is your heart?”
“It’s where I left it. Buried at the train station.” Hating himself for the admission, he let his suitcase lid close nice and loud. The soft pile of clothes he’d thrown in muffled what should have been a nice punctuation to his irritation.
It was Theo’s turn to shake his head. He did so as he took a step back toward the dresser. “How long you gonna live in the past, Jonah? You’re not responsible for what happened.”
“No, I’m only responsible for letting her leave with the wrong impression.”
“You thought you were doing the right thing. Why don’t you try looking her up? See what she’s—”
“Don’t go there, Theo. You can’t cross burnt bridges.” Tugging on the suitcase, he let it drop to the floor. The sooner this conversation ended, the better. And there was only one sure way to do that. “Okay, I give. How long’s the set?”
Theo clapped his hands and pointed finger guns at him. “Ten songs, big bro. You will not be sorry. I think this is just the distraction you need. Wait ‘til you see the Friday night crowd this joint gets. Bodies packing the floor, ready to dance. Honeys at our feet, just dripping for a chance.” Theo pointed skyward. “Hey, that’s not bad.”
Jonah rolled his eyes, knowing his brother was off to scribble on the nearest scrap of paper. He’d end up being the one getting dragged to the gig. Theo got in a zone when lyrics came to him. The kind of deep zone Jonah only skimmed the surface of when playing guitar.
Plopping down on the bed, he leaned back until the mattress cradled his back. Guess he needed to call Fiona and get this over with. Hopefully she could get him an early morning flight. Ah, better make it a mid-morning flight. While he didn’t have much interest in the complications of any dripping honeys, if the gig ran over or any of the old crew showed up, he’d be courting a hangover for sure.
It was damned good to be home again and besides, what harm could just a few more hours do?
The line only rang once before a voice filled his ear. “About time you acknowledged my texts. Are you at the airport?”
Great. This would go well. She’d love the position he was about to put her in. “Sorry, sweet cheeks. I’ve been busy with family. And no, I’m not at the airport. In fact, I have a favor to ask. You probably won’t like it.”
A throaty laugh echoed over the phone. “I’m used to covering for your ass, Jonah. Lay it on me. And hurry. I still need to explain why I called.”
Hesitating on answering her, he stared at the ceiling, wondering what info she had for him. Hopefully it was good news. He needed something positive after the last few weeks of hell. Why were musicians such a pain to deal with sometimes?
“I need you to tell Owen that I’ll be another day getting back. Then I need you to book me a flight for tomorrow afternoon.”
He waited for a tirade of curse words to follow, but only a snort filled the line. “I’m a step ahead of you, doll. I’ve already rescheduled your flight for the fifteenth. You leave out at one.”
God, she was great… Wait! What? “Whoa, whoa, whoa! What did you just say?”
“I said your flight is rescheduled.”
“Not that part.” He sat up in the bed, grabbing his briefcase off the floor. Opening it up, he flipped to the calendar, his eyes rolling over the dates and notes. “Why am I not leaving until the fifteenth? That’s almost two weeks from now.”
“Owen wants you to meet up with a friend of his next Friday, to check out some band that grabbed his interest.”
“So Owen wants me to do his job, huh?” He smacked the briefcase shut before pushing off the bed. “Why am I not coming back until the following Tuesday?”
“Rich Taylor called about your project. He thinks he can squeeze you in next week, but not until Tuesday.”
The news brought a smile to Jonah’s face. “It’s about time.”
“Yeah,” Fiona grumbled. “You could have gotten in sooner if you’d agreed to see the woman.”
“No! I don’t want a woman handling this. I work with Rich or no one.” The words resonated over the phone, filling Jonah with regret. He’d never yelled at Fiona or voiced his opinion about working with women. He didn’t need to start now.
“You know, I never took you for a sexist, Jonah. Why can’t you see the female partner in the firm? I heard she makes the men in that office look like baboons.”
“I’m not a sexist,” he laughed, doing his best to lighten the conversation. He didn’t want Fiona mad at him. She’d been the best thing to come along with his job. Had stuck her neck out for him far more than he deserved. “You know how much I enjoy working with you, Fiona. If I were a sexiest, I wouldn’t.”
“Mm-hmm. So you say.”
“Listen, sweets, it’s nothing against women. It’s just that I’ve spoke with Rich. He knows the project inside and out. I want to deal with him. That’s all.”
“Well, you still yelled at me. But that’s okay. You can make it up to me when you get back. I’ve been dying to try out the new sushi bar over on Melrose.”
Another round of laughter left his mouth. “Fine, fine. Sushi it will be.” 
Thank goodness Fiona didn’t stay mad for long. Guess it helped that she liked her boss. And Jonah liked her too. But he couldn’t deal with other women on a business level. Not on any personal level, either. If he learned anything from his mistake six years ago, it was to always keep up his guard, and never trust a woman with his dreams.
Or his heart.
~~~~
CHAPTER 2

Ally followed close behind the leggy hostess, wishing she’d worn her three-inch heels. Tall women irritated her, mainly because the suits at her old office treated her like an inferior, looking down at her with their condescending glares whenever she asked about a promotion. If she had a few extra inches of height, she could’ve looked them in the eye and showed them the brass that ran through her veins. They wouldn’t have had any other choice but to offer her their respect.
At least John Muncy had faith in her. That’s all that mattered. His position with the company trumped the suits that made Ally’s life unbearable her first few months on the job. Funny how those same evil men thought giving her the Baker account would be her demise. 
But it’s the account that brought her to John’s attention. And back to Savannah.
Her eyes swept the room, taking in the fully set tables with ivory china, miniature tea light lamps, and fluted glasses as blue as the sapphire ring on her finger. 
She twisted the ring with her thumb, each step taking her deeper into the restaurant. The scent of maple-glazed salmon floated to her nose, making her belly grumble.
Maybe she would order the dish once she’d been seated. Have a nice glass of pinot noir with it.
No. No wine. She couldn't. It wouldn't be fair to...
The hostess’s sudden stop caused Ally to bump into her. Watching the young girl flash her fiery eyes in her direction made Ally's cheeks burn. 
“I'm so sorry,” she mumbled.
At least the hostess’s glare subsided. “If you have a seat, I'll send your waiter over.” 
“Thanks,” Ally said, her eyes landing on her mother's face once the hostess parted from the table.
Like a tidal wave making landfall, a surge of emotions flooded her heart. Maybe it wouldn't feel this awkward if she'd come home for Christmas at least once in the last three years. 
“Hi Ally-bear,” the tender voice said.
“Hi, Momma,” Ally answered, slipping her purse off her shoulder before lowering herself onto a chair. “I’m not late, am I?”
“Not at all.” Her mother gazed down at her watch, tapping the face with her finger. “You’re actually ten minutes early.”
“That’s what I thought. It threw me off seeing you here. Normally you’re the one who’s late.” The heat of regret filled Ally’s face as she realized how hurtful those words sounded. Especially knowing the innuendo behind them. “Sorry, Momma. I didn’t mean that to sound the way it did.”
The laugh lines around her mother's mouth deepened. “It's okay, sweetie. So, how is the unpacking going? I know how time consuming it is to settle into a new house.”
“Yeah,” Ally forced a chuckle. “I never knew I had this much stuff.
“You have a way of collecting things over the years,” her mother smiled, taking a sip of her drink.
Ally’s eyes dropped to the fluted glass in her mother’s hand. The words leaving her mother's lips seemed to disappear as she stared at the contents swirling inside. “What’s in the glass, Momma?”
The carefree smile spread across her mother's face fell with each second that ticked by. Her eyes locked onto Ally as she rubbed her lips together.
“Water. It’s just water.” She moved the glass across the table. “Want to check?”
Ally gazed at the pink lipstick on the side of the glass. She fought back the urge to grab it and bring it to her nose. They couldn't start out like this. Her mother promised things had changed. Ally wanted to believe her. Tried hard to believe. Prayed enough time passed and lessons were learned.
Hadn't she promised herself that she wasn't going to care about this anymore? Yeah, somewhere between receiving her master's degree to landing a job with Muncy, Incorporated, she vowed she'd never allow the past and the pain it held to control her life again. She couldn't. 
Taking a deep breath, she met her mother's chestnut eyes. “I shouldn't have questioned you, Momma.”
“Don’t apologize. I understand.”
Her mother reached across the table to pat her hand, but Ally drew back. “It doesn't give me the excuse to treat you that way.”
“But it's a natural reaction. One I understand.”
This moment couldn’t get any more awkward if Ally had shown up in her lingerie. If she didn’t turn the conversation around soon, her mother would take a trip down memory lane. Ally refused to travel that uncomfortable road.
She grabbed the menu from the table and opened it up. “How about we order our food?”
“Can I give you something first?”
Skimming over the entrée descriptions, Ally avoided her mother’s gaze. “Give me something? Momma, I thought I told you I didn’t want any gifts.”
“Tomorrow is your birthday, baby girl. Did you honestly think I wouldn’t get you a gift?”
No. The one thing her mother never forgot was her birthday. She wondered what kind of odd present she’d bought this year. Maybe another box of gourmet marshmallows or a self-stirring coffee cup to match the self-mixing martini shaker. Better yet, why not another pack of permanent salt-rimmed shot glasses.
She shouldn’t think negatively. Her mother’s gifts had improved. Last year’s sweet pea scented candles turned out to be one of her favorite items in her home. She’d made five trips to Bath and Body Works to replace the candles once she used them.
“You shouldn’t have bought a gift,” Ally sighed. “A card would have sufficed.”
“Nonsense. Cards are impersonal.” Her mother lifted her purse from the floor to the empty chair beside her. “You’re my daughter. You deserve a gift.”
Ally braced herself, hoping like hell this gift wouldn’t make her cheeks turn the same shade of red as her mother’s blouse. When her mother placed a small rectangular box in front of her, a few different scenarios raced through her mind. Maybe it was a bottle of her favorite perfume.
She untied the pink ribbon, forcing a smile for her mother. The tape unlatched from the deep brown paper, causing her curiosity to peak when a creamy box stared back at her. Her eyes darted back to her mother’s.
“I hope you didn’t spend much on me.”
“Just open the gift.”
Ally did. The box gave a muffled creak as she lifted the top. The contents inside shimmered in the glow of the table lamp, making the mother of pearl face look silvery. The black second hand ticked in a circle over the roman numerals. 
“Wow, Momma. The watch is really pretty.”
“Do you really like it?”
The need for approval thickened her mother’s voice, making Ally’s cheeks sting. She kept her hardened eyes toward the watch, saying a silent prayer. Their impending conversation would happen. There was no way around it. She wished her mother would wait until they finished dinner. 
A small thread of relief weaved its way through Ally’s heart when a waiter approached their table, ready to take their order. As he pulled his pen and pad to his chest, her eyes fell to the watch, again. The second hand continued ticking along while the minute hand neared the three. Six thirteen… This would be a long dinner. A long, uncomfortable dinner. At least she had something to look forward to after—
A vibration sounded against the chair beside her, along with chirping. Her cell phone. She had a new text. As her mother continued with her order, Ally uncrossed the shoulder straps, opening her purse. Thank goodness her phone lay near the top. She gripped the black casing, placing the phone on the table, near her plate.
“And for you, Miss?” the server asked.
Covering the phone with her hand, she met the waiter’s questioning eyes. The earlier scent of salmon remained in Ally’s mind. She gave the server her order, watching as his pen flew across the paper.
Once finished, he collected the menus. He might as well have collected her dress, too. Either way she was exposed. At least when she had the menu, she had a diversion from her mother’s eyes.
Her gaze fell back to the phone. She pressed the center button, waiting for the text message bubble to light up the screen.
Just confirming our ‘date’. Can’t wait to see you. It’s been way too long. Be ready to have some fun ~ Cassie.
She smiled to herself, giving God a special thank you under her breath. Having her oldest friend still living in town made moving back more bearable. She’d have to ask Cassie if any of their other friends were around. One friend in particular.
No. She wouldn’t allow herself to think about him. Once today had been too much. Her heart couldn’t handle it.
“You okay?” Her mom’s voice cooed from across the table.
Ally blinked the stinging sensation from her eyes to meet her mother’s gaze. “I’m great, just a little hungry.”
“Let’s play a little catch-up. It will take your mind off your stomach.”
Not really. If anything, she’d lose her appetite, but she could only hold her mother off for so long. Sitting five feet away left Ally with no other choice than to talk.
“I really do like that watch.” She blurted. Grabbing the case, she unfastened the clasp. The metal cooled her wrist.
“Here, let me help you with that,” her mother offered with outstretched hands.
Ally raised her arm, extending it over her plate. She stared at her wrist, watching her mother drawing the ends together before the clasp snapped shut.
“There you go.” Her mom rotated her arm until the watch faced upright. “It looks great.”
Moving her hand back to her side, Ally noticed the waiter walking back to the table. He set her water down first, her mother’s drink next.
Her stomach wobbled at the sight of the orange garnish. In the center, a ruby red cherry floated above the ice. A Tom Collins. Her mother’s favorite. It had to be.
Big brown eyes glared at the glass. Her mother pressed her lips tight, inhaling a deep breath as she shook her head. “I’m sorry, young man. You made a mistake. I ordered a sweet tea.”
“Oh,” he replied. Ally noticed his eyes go to the tray where the order pad lay. “I’ll get that changed for you. Pardon my mistake.”
“It’s fine,” her mother managed a smile as she slid the coaster forward.
Ally studied her mother’s face. Did the server really make a mistake or did old habits die hard?
As though she read her mind, her mother’s eyes shot across the table. They roamed her face, lingering toward her mouth. “Are you thinking the worst of me?”
The crack in her mother’s voice jarred Ally. She took a deep breath, allowing the scent of toasted shallots and butter to distract her. Food. Her comfort zone.
Stroking the edge of the table, she took a deep breath, meeting her mother’s eyes. “Momma, you said things are different.”
“You didn’t answer my question.”
Nor did Ally want to. What good would it do them to rehash this? It’s not like they could jump in some time machine and change the past. Mistakes were made. Ally survived. Moved away. Made something of her life. Why couldn’t they move forward now?
“We’re making a fresh start. If you say things are different, I have to believe that. Otherwise, this won’t work.”
“I promise you, baby girl, I am different. If I could take back my transgressions, you know I would.”
No, Ally didn’t know. Many failed promises passed over those pink tinted lips. Just like many hurtful words. She would have fared a physical beating better. Broken bones healed. Broken hearts didn’t. No matter how much time passed, the ache inside her heart thrummed onward.
Deep down Ally knew her best chance at recovering would be to make peace with the past. If her mom wanted to act like a mother now, who was Ally to refuse? It’s not like she had other people to turn to in Savannah besides Cassie.
“You can’t change what happened, Momma. All we can do is move forward. Don’t go digging up bones.”
“I’ll dig up a cemetery full if it means I get your forgiveness. That and to be a part of your life, like I should have all along.”
When Ally noticed her mother’s lips tremble, she reached across the table to pat her hand. “It’s a process, Momma. We’ll get there.”
Her mother gave her a tight smile and nodded. She slipped her hand from underneath Ally’s to swipe at the wetness on her cheek. 
Then a voice cleared from beside them. “Here you go, Ma’am. I’m terribly sorry for the mix-up.”
The server placed a new coaster on the table before setting a glass of tea by her mother’s plate. Her mother gave him a nod as she picked up the glass, taking a long swig.
“Your food will be out soon. Can I get either of you anything else?”
“No, thank you.” Ally waited until he was out of hearing range before forcing her eyes to her mom’s face. “Let’s play another version of catch-up. How about you tell me what’s new in the South?”
You could always count on a true southern woman to serve up a good dish of news. Not that they were gossips. More like conversationalists. Add in life near an army base, and the chit-chatting women increased. Heck, she missed listening to the stories. She missed the southern hospitality even more.
“Do you remember Karen Sims from the base?” 
Ally nodded, remembering her mother’s closest friend. “Of course. You always said she was the best bridge player this side of the Mason-Dixon.” 
“That’s the one,” her mother chuckled. “She and I joined a book club a couple months ago. We’ve only read a couple books, but we like it so far.”
“Glad to hear you’re reading again. Do you have room on the bookshelf for new books?”
The way her mother’s lips curved upward eased the tension forming at Ally’s temples. She placed her lips on the straw, enjoying the bitterness of the lemon water.
“That’s the great thing about e-readers. They don’t take up any room on the shelf.”
Ally choked back the water, hoping it wouldn’t spew from her mouth. Had she heard her mother right? “You have an e-reader?”
Her mother’s eyes drifted past her as she nodded. Ally turned in time to see the waiter stepping up to the table, a large, oval serving tray balancing on his shoulder as he spread out the serving stand.
They waited until he placed their entrées before continuing their conversation.
“I may be old, baby girl, but I refuse to be outdated. If I can tackle the Internet, I can handle an e-reader.”
Chuckling at her mother’s sense of humor, the knots in her stomach loosened. She gazed down at the watch, noting the minute hand touching the six. They were going to make it through their first dinner without issues. She’d finish in time to meet up with Cassie, who promised her a chance to unwind. She needed to unwind.
The sweet scent of glazed salmon filled her nose. Lordy, she was hungry. She placed a piece of the fish in her mouth, the tangy goodness melting like butter on her tongue.
“So,” her mother began while piercing her vegetable with a fork. “You’ll never guess who I recognized at our book club.”
Did her mother expect her to remember all of her old friends from the base? The only reason she remembered Mrs. Sims is because they were neighbors.
But her mother’s other friends…they’d faded from her mind years ago. Or maybe she’d blocked those thoughts. Her mind filed most of the memories of her life in a place where they couldn’t haunt her. 
“I give up,” Ally teased. “Who did you recognize?”
“Bethany…oh, what’s her last name? Her husband is Michael.”
Why did that name sound familiar? Her father served with a Michael. Or was it Mitchell. No, Michael. He did have a wife. Becky. Or maybe it was Bethany. Michael and Bethany McCabe. That did sound—oh god!
“Do you mean Bethany McCabe?” she pressed her lips when her mother nodded.
“That’s it. You were friends with their son… Oh, what was his name?”
Ally noticed her mother’s mouth moving, but every sound vanished. She didn’t need to hear the name pass over her mother’s lips. Hearing Jonah’s parents’ names had been enough. She sucked in a deep breath. Damn, she could use that glass of pinot noir about now.
~~~~
CHAPTER 3

The soft swoosh of passing cars filled Ally’s ears as she hurried down the sidewalk. Time wasn’t an issue, nor was it the reason for all the rushing. She’d never been late for anything a day in her life.
Nerves, on the other hand, became the dirty little culprit responsible for her haste. Each step made her heart take an extra beat. Meeting with an old friend had a tendency to kick up the adrenalin.
At least she’d arrive early. That way, she and Cassie could get a good seat and catch up before the show started.
Exactly when had she thought moving back here would be such a great idea? Too much had changed during her absence. Or maybe she was the one that changed.
Losing everything that’s important to you had a way of taking your life down a different path. Usually one you’d never choose for yourself. Lord knows she wouldn’t have chosen to lose her father. She wouldn’t have chosen to leave Savannah, or Cassie, or…
She couldn’t think about him right now. That O’Hara chick had it right. About tomorrow…another day…don’t stress about the stuff you can’t fix today. Yeah. She would deal with memories of him, later. Besides, her mom didn’t mention anything about him living here. Why was she so eager to see him anyway? It’s not like they had a good thing going, when she left.
While she waited for the crosswalk sign to change, the rich scent of roasted coffee beans filtered out of the coffee shop on the corner. Her eyes drifted past her shoulder to the green and white Starbucks logo on the window. Thoughts of a tall Cinnamon Dolce Latte made her mouth water.
She really shouldn’t. Go inside, that is. She’d be late if she did. Starbucks always had a long line. No sense in ruining her always-on-time record just to splurge on a cup of caffeine. Something that wouldn’t mix well with her frayed nerves anyway.
Wiping her clammy hands on her jeans, she smoothed a wisp of hair from her eyes, tucking it behind her ear as best she could. How had she worked herself up into such a tizzy? It was Cassie, for Christ’s sakes. How much could she have changed after Ally left? 
Squeaking breaks drew her attention back to the road. Cars slowed down for the yellow glow in the streetlight. She tapped her shoe against the edge of the curb, wishing she could have parked closer. At least the walk made up for skipping her daily walk on the treadmill.
The crossing sign flashed not a moment too soon. Ally wasted no time crossing in front of the waiting cars. As she stepped onto the curb, she noticed a slender figure pacing back and forth in the distance. Her chest tightened. Forcing her legs to take each step a little faster, she hoped this meet-up wouldn’t be as awkward as the one she just left.
She stared at the woman’s back, watching coppery strands dance against bare shoulders. Fingers hooked inside the belt loop of a snug fitting pair of Levi’s. Had Cassie not came to New York last summer, Ally may not have recognized her. But there she stood in all her petite glory.
Ally’s cheeks burned with anticipation. Should she hug her? Maybe she should clear her throat and wait to see Cassie’s response. Another uncomfortable reconnection would be the worst way to end this day. Might as well make her presence known and get the weirdness over with. She held off on the hug and cleared her throat, waiting as Cassie turned to face her.
Rich brown eyes fell on Ally’s face. A twinge of hope filled her as Cassie’s eyes twinkled for a moment. But thin brows folded over them just as quickly, choking Ally’s breath from her lungs.
“What happened to you?”
Ally gazed down at her clothes, half expecting to see part of her dinner on them. There didn’t appear to be any stains on her shirt or jeans, unless she couldn’t see it from her angle.
Meeting Cassie’s eyes once more, she dragged out the word, “Nothing.” The answer didn’t appease her friend. “Why do you ask?”
Cassie fisted her hands on her hips. “You’re half an hour late.”
The hell she was. Bending her wrist, Ally’s eyes fell to the watch. “No I’m not. We have ten more minutes before the show starts.”
“I was worried something had gone wrong at the restaurant, but didn’t want to interrupt in case it was the opposite.” Cassie waved her hand as though dismissing her own thoughts. “Anywho, you better pick up a new battery for that watch.”
Ally shook her head, checking the face of the watch again.
“Really.” Cassie said with a grin. “Check your phone.”
Reaching to her back pocket, Ally pulled out her smartphone. She pressed the center key until the screen lit up. At the top, digitized numbers stared back at her.
8:30.
How was that possible?
“Great,” she huffed, throwing her hand in the air. “The first really nice gift my mom gets me is messed up.” She checked the watch once more before her hand fell to her side. “I am incredibly sorry. Will they still seat us if we’re late?”
“Nah,” Cassie said. With a shrug, she leaned in, pointing to the tickets. “It specifically says so on the bottom, along with a little spill about how it distracts the comedians.”
This evening continued its downward spiral. First she accuses her mother of drinking again, now she wasted the tickets her oldest friend scored from the radio station. Could she manage to disappoint anyone else tonight? 
“My first week back and I’m letting people down.”
“Oh please,” Cassie waved Ally’s comment away. “You’ll have to do a lot more than that to let me down. I’m just glad your dinner went good… It did go well, didn’t it?”
Shrugging her shoulders, Ally released a sigh. “That conversation requires a drink.”
“Say no more.” Cassie pulled at the string on Ally’s sleeve. “There’s a nice little blues joint just down the street.” She jabbed her thumb over her shoulder. “I had a really crappy day at work. Let’s go blow off some steam. We can stay until midnight and bring in your birthday the right way.”
Ally smiled. Cassie hadn’t changed. Her friend still had a way of helping her forget about the stress of dealing with her mother, just like she did all those years ago. The knot in her stomach dissipated.
“Liquor and music. What a great way to end this, how did you say it, crappy day?”
Cassie did her version of a happy dance before locking arms with Ally. “You’re gonna love this place. It’s laid back, the cocktails are perfect, and the men are good looking. You are still single, right?”
Single…definitely. Looking…no way in hell. Her life was complicated enough without adding a relationship to it. Nope. She had no time to think about a relationship. And no time to think about ones that never got off the ground.
Damn her mother. Why did she have to mention Jonah? Hadn’t the t-shirt her roommate sent been punishment enough?
* * *
The gritty sound of a guitar captured Ally’s attention the moment she stepped inside Midnight Blues nightclub. Hues of green, red, and blue lit up the right side of the bar. Trailing her eyes over the stage, she didn’t recognize the band playing. But the sultry riffs coming from the electric guitar made her want to join the crowd already dancing.
Instead, she followed Cassie to the bar, pulling out a stool as she slid across the plush cushion. Cassie waved at the bartender, a stocky man with tribal tattoos encircling well-defined biceps. He gave her a crooked smile, nodding his head in their direction.
Ally noticed the smile creeping across Cassie’s lips. “You friends with the bartender?”
Cassie’s eyes widened a little. “Let’s just say, I come here often. And not just for the music. Or the liquor.” Her eyes flitted back to the bartender, who was now heading in their direction.
“My evening just got better,” he smiled, letting his eyes roam from Cassie’s face, down toward her breasts. They lingered a moment as he grabbed a glass from the rack above. “The usual, darlin’?”
“You know it, Mike,” she cooed.
Mike’s eyes landed on Ally. “And what are you drinking, sugar?”
Sugar? Darlin’? Yes, she was definitely back in the South. Ally fought back a smile and met Cassie’s gaze. “I’ll have the same thing she’s drinking.”
“Manhattans it is.” He gave Cassie a wink before walking toward the three-tier shelf of assorted liquor bottles.
Ally eyed Cassie, waiting for her friend to look at her again, but Cassie’s attention remained on Mike. She had that glazed over look that most people got after staring at something for way too long.
Shaking her head, Ally focused on the stage. The dance floor, still packed with people, blocked most of her view of the band. But she couldn’t escape the music nor could her body refuse the way the guitar called to her. Rocking her shoulders side to side, she didn’t give Mike a second glance when he set her drink on the bar.
She grabbed the martini glass, placing it to her lips as the cool liquid spilled into her mouth. Warmth caressed her tongue and throat. The sweet vermouth was a change from the noir she normally drank, but she welcomed the change.
Cassie and Mike continued flirting as Ally slid off the barstool. She didn’t step away but the music continued calling to her soul. The urge to dance grew stronger. She took another sip of the cocktail, swaying her hips to the beat of the drums. While she didn’t recognize the song, or the band for that matter, the music grabbed a hold of her, refusing to let go until her body played along.
“Want to go dance?” Cassie’s voice sounded so muffled, Ally wasn’t sure if she’d asked her the question until she peered around to meet Ally’s eyes. “Well?”
“Sorry,” Ally laughed. “I thought you were talking to Mike.”
Cassie tapped Ally’s shoulder as she rolled her eyes. “Mike won’t show off his moves on the dance floor.”
“Really? Then where?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Cassie giggled into her glass as she took a drink. Ally mimicked her movements, taking a bigger gulp of the cocktail. The warmth of the earlier sip turned to a burn. It didn’t just affect her mouth this time. Her entire body radiated with heat. The tension once pinching the muscles in her neck faded.
When the band switched songs, Cassie stepped in front of her, pulling on her arm. “Come on. Let’s move this party to the dance floor. I love this song.”
Ally didn’t recognize the song either, but the beat was good. That’s all she needed. A good beat, guitar riffs, and the buzz of alcohol.
Cassie led them to the edge of the dance floor. She slipped between the bodies, then back out, shaking to the music. Turning to gaze at Ally, her lips curled upward. A laugh ripped from Ally’s chest as Cassie’s brows wiggled in sync with her hips.
Bouncing her body to the beat, Cassie dipped into some hip shakes. She grabbed Ally’s hands, pulling her closer until both were moving to the music. Swaying her hips from side to side, Ally noticed several pairs of eyes glued to them. Mostly men, but a few women, too.
She cocked a brow at Cassie, but her friend shook her head. “Expect to get some attention while we’re here. Especially when we get out there.” Cassie’s finger pointed toward the bodies packing the dance floor. “Guys love seeing two sexy chicks shaking their ass on the dance floor. And this song is hot…almost as hot as us.”
 Fighting back a snort, Ally rolled her eyes. Sexy? Hot? Her? Those words didn’t belong in the same sentence, but whatever. She liked dancing.
Closing her eyes, she allowed the music to block out the thought of strange men staring at her. No man would keep her from having fun and she was definitely having fun. Finally.
The guitar worked its magic, drawing out a few extra hip shakes from her. She opened her eyes again, flashing Cassie a smile. 
“Remember how we did it in high school?” Cassie asked.
The memory had Ally’s body slowing until she finally stopped. How could she forget about their high school dances? They had every guy at their school drooling. Even a few of the younger male teachers had a hard time averting their eyes.
Giving Cassie a shrug, Ally took another gulp of her drink, waiting until the burn coursed through her body. Cassie took her elbow, tugging gently. “It’ll be over soon and then you’ll be sorry.”
Ally hesitated. It had been a long time since she’d been this reckless. She took a step back toward the bar, but Cassie came off the dance floor. One tug, then another, though and she had them at the edge, again.
“Bring your drink and come on,” her friend insisted.
“But…”
It was useless to argue. Cassie wasn’t having any of it. Ally gave up. She followed her friend into the throng of bodies, letting her own find the rhythm until both were back-to-back, dipping their hips to the beat. They swayed and shimmied until they reached the center of the dance floor.
Cassie was right about one thing. Men loved to watch two women dancing together. The few stares they received a minute ago multiplied. Between the alcohol and the lustful gazes, Ally’s cheeks burned hotter than the track lights above them. The more men stopped to stare, the bigger her smile spread across her lips.
Lord, what had her friend talked her into?
Flirting and teasing came naturally to Cassie. Ally though…she’d almost forgot how to do it. A look here, a tip of the head there, and it started coming back to her. Along with how much she enjoyed it. So long as none of the onlookers got bold enough to approach, or worse, try to bump and grind with them.
One guy, just a few feet away, looked as though he had the intention of joining in. While his own body slowed on movements, his eyes danced up and down Ally’s body, making her feel naked. At least he was easy on the eyes, and that made his gawking a little easier to tolerate.
He gave Ally a wink, taking a few steps toward her.
Not wanting to give him the wrong impression, Ally turned her eyes toward the stage. The singer was in the zone, belting out the lyrics, eyes shut, head and body swaying in front of the microphone. Something about him struck a familiar chord in her memory. Maybe she had heard of this band before.
Her eyes moved to the bassist beside him. Though he faced the crowd, his eyes remained on his guitar, making it hard to see how familiar he looked. Upon a pedestal, the drummer beat his drums, shutting out the people grooving on the dance floor. Ally couldn’t see him either. Mostly due to the weird light shining down on his face.
But the man on lead guitar, the one who was playing the riffs that called to her soul, his eyes were glued on her.
Bright eyes sparkled under the lighting. She held his gaze for a heartbeat then forced herself to look away. But she couldn’t shake the effect it had on her. The way it made her belly feel like a million bubbles floated inside.
Taking another sip from her drink, she hoped to distract herself from the need to look at him again. The stronger the urge grew, the quicker she drank. The need outlasted the cocktail as the last sip of liquor burned down her throat. Tiny beads of sweat formed at the nape of her neck. She brushed her hair away, hoping to cool herself.
It didn’t help.
She sensed eyes weighing on her. Slowly turning toward the stage, she gazed back at the guitarist, not the least bit surprised that he hadn’t looked away. Dark brows knitted as his fingers slid across the fretboard. If Ally didn’t know better, she’d think he was offering her some type of challenge.
Pressing her back against Cassie’s she dipped a little lower, shaking her hips with more force. Guitar guy moved his fingers faster.
So this was a challenge. Fine. Handsome didn’t know about her competitive streak. She’d win this game of seduction.
Rolling her shoulders, Ally tilted her head down until her eyes peered through her lashes. She moved her hips in sync with his chords. He relaxed one brow, jabbing the other upward. Was he taunting her?
Ally kept up with his increasing rhythm until her entire body shimmied. Guitar guy’s mouth gaped a little. His eyes raked over her body, lingering at her hips a moment before slowly working their way up. Ally knew she had him when she noticed his jaw clenching.
Not backing down from the challenge, his fingers danced across the strings. He turned his broad shoulders until he completely faced her. Ally did the same. She barely caught glimpse of the frown on Cassie’s face.
Running her hands down her sides, she pressed her palms against her hips, giving them a few extra shakes for his benefit. His eyes fell back down to where her hands now rested, making Ally’s heart kick up a notch.
Turning to face Cassie, she tore her eyes away from him, casting them on her friend. Cassie was too busy looking over toward the bar, at Mike, who’d walked to the edge of the dance floor to watch them. With arms folded across his chest, Ally knew the smile teasing his lips was for Cassie. Mike’s eyes never turned to Ally. Not that she wanted them on her anyway.
She gave Cassie one last glance before gazing back to the stage. Tall, dark, and handsome had moved from his position near the amp. Standing just at the edge of the stage, he looked as though he could leap from it and land just a few feet from her.
The longer he stared at her, the harder it became to look at anything but him. She loved the way his dark curls brushed against his temples as he bobbed his head with the music. And the way his shoulders curled in when he changed chords on his guitar. Even the way he squinted his eyes when hitting the harder notes. But his smile…it intoxicated her more than anything she’d tasted inside the martini glass. The same smile that showed off a cute little dimple in his right cheek.
When Ally met his eyes again, something inside them shifted. He looked older, wiser, more…familiar.
What was it about that dimple that jarred something in the back of her mind? 
She slowed her movements, taking her hips from a full-blown shake to a gentle sway. The thump of her heart competed with the drums until the beats faded and all that remained was the twang of the guitar chords.
Dark brows pinched until his piercing eyes disappeared behind closed lids. The heat building in Ally’s body waned. She wasn’t sure when his attention had become her sole desire, but she felt like she would explode if he didn’t open his eyes and meet hers again.
Her stomach tightened in a perfect little knot just above her navel. Need pulsed inside her veins, the need to run up to the stage and demand him to look her in the eye, to tell her his name, to explain why she felt empty when she wasn’t the center of his attention.
No man had ever caused such a reaction in her heart, but a boy had. Once. Years ago. Six years to be exact. In this very town. The last place she’d saw him. The last time she’d been able to be herself around any man. And that boy…he’d been more than just some guy. He’d been her confidant. Her shoulder to cry on. Her best friend. Even more so than Cassie.
God, she missed him. She missed Jonah with every beat of her heart.
Jonah, with hair as black as tea leaves.
Jonah, with eyes as green as a granny smith apple.
Jonah, with a smile sweeter than strawberry shortcake. A dimpled strawberry shortcake.
Sweet Jesus…Could he be her Jonah?
No! He couldn’t be. Her mother’s mention of him earlier. That was all this was. Her mind putting two things together because she didn’t want to think about him. About how he made her heart thump like a base drum—just as loud, just as deep. How a brush of his hand made her skin erect with gooseflesh. 
There was no way possible this man and her Jonah were one and the same. Ally refused to believe it. Refused to get her hopes up.
Until he smiled again.
~~~~
CHAPTER 4

Jonah gripped the guitar’s neck, sliding his fingers over the fretboard. The familiar feel of steel strings pressed into his skin, causing his lips to crook at the corner. Each note poured out of the resonating chamber toward the packed dance floor, bringing more and more bodies into view.
He’d forgotten how much he loved making a crowd move to the music. Had forgotten the amount of satisfaction he got from playing.
His eyes drifted toward Theo as he belted out some lyrics. Guess his brother had been right in asking him to fill in for Jeff. Despite how much Jonah tried to fight it, a big part of him would always be a musician. Sound producing would never be as good as the real thing. Making the magic.
Theo gave him a knowing wink before grabbing the mic to sing the chorus. Switching chords, Jonah’s focus shifted to the dance floor. He spotted two girls, maybe his age, grinding their hips in a rhythm that had every man in the bar staring. A twinge of sympathy filled him for the men who hadn’t come alone. Most of them were getting death stares from their girlfriends, wives, whatever. Some even deflected slaps.
One poor guy suffered the worst. His significant other slapped him so hard he fell off his barstool. Of course, the way he stumbled when getting up said it hadn’t taken much to knock him on his butt. He had definitely passed his limit.
Gazing back at the centers of attention, he played some riffs, hoping to gain a glance. Mainly from the brunette. Might as well have some fun while he was here. God knows Theo would get a kick out of it.
Jonah couldn’t quit staring at the two beauties. He remembered two other girls who could dance like that. How they used to tease all the guys at their school dances, capturing their undivided attention. Including his.
But these girls…they couldn’t be one and the same. Not after the one left him years ago, broken hearted, taking with her his last chance of happiness. His last chance to tell her how he felt. Yet the more he watched these girls shake their hips, the more he wondered about the possibility.
No. It couldn’t be. It was this town. All the memories it contained. Granted, there had been good ones, but the last few months that he lived here…those memories outweighed the good.
Pushing the thoughts from his mind, he stared at the women, wondering if they were the type to approach the band after the show. While he hadn’t planned on sampling any of the local flavors, the more the dark haired honey shook her hips, the more he reconsidered.
She hadn’t paid anyone a worthwhile amount of attention, but one of the fellow onlookers had a gleam in his eye. Like he stood a chance. Jonah didn’t like it. He couldn’t explain why he felt a pull toward the woman below, but he knew that whatever the man had on his mind wasn’t good. Not if Jonah wanted a chance to talk to her. He couldn’t compete with a guy whose biceps doubled his.
Why did any of this matter? He wasn’t interested in—
A set of dark eyes fell on the stage. Beautiful eyes that caused something in his chest to snap. When he noticed her looking at Theo, a twinge of jealousy filled him. Of course his little brother would get her attention. Not many women could resist his ice blue eyes or his jet-black locks. It didn’t matter if Jonah’s hair was identical. Theo had the looks and the charisma. This woman probably came to see him in the first place.
Her eyes shifted again, to Jesse and his bass. They lingered a moment before moving to Allen, who had zoned into his drums so much, he didn’t know anyone existed.
Then her eyes were on him.
His next breath caught in his chest. It burned with all the intensity the fire in her eyes held. The look she gave him pulled at his mind, nagging it with some instance of recognition. Until she glanced away.
Hiding behind the rim of her glass, she took a sip, averting her gaze. The sip turned into a gulp. And then another. Every time he thought she’d meet his eyes, the cocktail glass prevented it. He didn’t understand why he needed her to look at him, or why a surge of happiness washed over him when the glass emptied.
Her eyes still hadn’t met his. He had to change that. The need for her to stare at him overcame him. As did the urge to jump off stage and rush to her side. And just when he thought he couldn’t wait a second longer, he had her attention again.
He slid his fingers over the fretboard, taking the rhythm to a funkier beat. She seemed to like it. The way her lips hinted at a smile was all the proof he needed. She pressed her back against her friend’s, dipping lower.
The riffs he gave her had her body grooving that much faster. God, she had some moves. Each shimmy and shake increased his need to play faster. And he did.
Telling himself to close his mouth, he took a step in front of the amp. His body heated at the thought of seeing her dance in private. Just how low could she go? He’d love to find out. No girl had affected him like this since…
Shit!
It couldn’t be her. No way possible. She was somewhere up north, living out her dreams the last he’d heard. This woman in front of him—she had to be a look-alike.
He shut his eyes, losing himself in the music, wishing like hell he could forget about her and focus on the beauty in front of him. But his mind refused to cooperate. All thoughts went to the woman who’d left his heart in a mess. Ally Jacobs.
Stealing a glance below, he wondered if her look-alike could help him forget. He raked her body with his eyes, not doubting for a second that she’d consume his every thought as he lay beneath her. He imagined his hands pressed to her hips, just like hers were at the moment. Could almost feel the way those hips would roll against his.
Every step brought him closer to the edge of the stage. He stared at the woman as she faced her friend. He had to get a closer look. Had to know for sure if his mind was playing tricks on him, because every passing second confirmed what he wanted to deny. That the ghost of his past had returned.
Switching chords, he waited until her eyes returned to him. Then he smiled.
Her lips curled upward, making every cell in his body explode. He wouldn’t believe it until he talked to her, but he couldn’t deny the ache in his gut. His tormenter was back, dressed in a tight pair of jeans and a snug shirt. Everything he needed to remind him of the misery she’d left him in. He should have recognized her body. God knows he’d stared at it for many years.
Of all the people to run into tonight, it had to be her. He’d find out for sure after the show. Maybe even get lucky enough to do the things he’d always wanted. But he wouldn’t stick around. Not to get his heart trampled on again. She’d moved past him. He’d show her that he had moved on, too.
There was no point in stressing. Even if this were Ally, he’d never get the chance to make love to her. But he still wanted to know why she was back in Savannah, flirting with him. Hadn’t she recognized him?
He closed his eyes, trying to steady his heart. Another smile from her and he’d be jumping off the stage. God, he was about to make an ass out of himself, even if he waited until after the show. Screw it. It wouldn’t be the first time.
Returning the same lip curl she’d given him earlier, he couldn’t help but notice the way her eyes fixed on him. Or the way her body slowed.
The longer she stared at him, the more her brows pinched. Her eyes moved down his body, doing a quick scan before returning. Those lips he was dying to taste parted. Then he realized the truth of the matter. Ally hadn’t recognized him. Not until this moment.
He wondered if her heart was beating as fast as his. Or if she wanted to talk to him as bad as he did her. The set couldn’t end fast enough.
Definitely not fast enough.
Ally turned and pushed through the crowd, disappearing from his sight.
* * *
The bathroom door smacked against the wall of the ladies’ room. As loud as the sound echoed, it must have busted through the drywall. Not that Ally cared at the moment. Fighting the urge to hold her dinner down became priority.
This couldn’t be happening. Running into Jonah. She swore Cassie had told her that he moved. But six feet of toned muscle stood on stage, proving otherwise. And all seventy-two inches made her body warm in ways it hadn’t in far too long. Not even with her last relationship.
Even worse, she’d danced for him, playing some sort of twisted game of seduction. How long had he known it was her? Each time their eyes met, his burned her to the core. Maybe he’d meant to have that affect on her. All of this was a game to him, still. That’s why he flirted the way he did. He hadn’t finished screwing with her head.
Fire rose in her cheeks. She made for the stall, shutting the door behind her before hovering over the toilet. How could six years change a person so much? Had she recognized him from the get go, she wouldn’t be in this position.
Pressing her hands to either side of the walls, she drew in a few breaths, noting the minty scent of the bathroom deodorizer. If her stomach would stop rolling, she’d go to the sink, splash some water on her face. But the more she thought about what lay ahead of her when she left this room, the more the room shifted.
The cool metal of the door met her back as she leaned into it. At least it brought some relief to her overheated body. She’d feel even better if she could kick off her heels and plant her feet on solid ground.
One quick scan of the floor proved that need would have to wait until she made it home. Where she should head as soon as possible.
Maybe if she left now, she wouldn’t have to risk running into Jonah. He was still on stage, performing. Had started another song when she arrived at the bathroom door. The chance of escaping unnoticed gave her a small dose of hope.
She needed to find Cassie.
Digging her cell from her back pocket, she tapped the screen, pulling up the last text from her friend. Four words into the text, music filtered into the bathroom. Followed by the creak of a hinge.
“Ally? You in here?”
“Yeah.” The words sounded shakier than Ally wanted. Keeping her back against the door, the lock shimmied against her arm.
“Hey,” Cassie’s voice cooed to her from the other side of the stall. “Are you okay?”
“Having the time of my life,” Ally snorted. Wasn’t it every girl’s dream to run into the guy who stole her heart? Not only running into him, but giving him the sexiest dance she’d ever given anyone in her life.
“I saw what happened. Actually, Mike noticed something was going on first. By the time I tuned in, you’d stopped dancing.” Cassie jiggled the knob again, waiting for Ally to open the door.  When she finally did, brown eyes stared back at her. “Ally, I’m so sorry. I had no idea Jonah would be here. I didn’t know he was still around these parts. I heard he’d left for L.A.”
Ally waved away her apology as she moved toward the sink. “It’s okay, Cass. I know you wouldn’t do this to me on purpose. I’m sorry I’m ruining our night.”
“You’re not ruining my night. I’ve had a blast, but if it has to end, then so be it. There will be plenty more.”
Twisting the sink handles, Ally cupped some water in her hand, splashing the cool liquid onto her face. It helped extinguish the fire in her cheeks. But the flame inside her heart raged on.
Cassie joined her, patting her back as both looked at their reflections. “Listen. Take a few minutes to compose yourself. I’ll go pay for our drinks and call a cab. Neither of us should drive. Mike’s Manhattans are extra potent. Meet me at the bar in five minutes and we’ll get out of here.”
“Sounds good,” Ally nodded, turning the faucet off. “But at least let me pay for the drinks.”
Coppery hair brushed against creamy shoulders with each shake of Cassie’s head. “No way. It’s my treat. Welcome home, Ally.”
Yeah. Welcome back to where it all began. All the heartache she’d carried with her for the last six years. Moving back here was a mistake. She should have known there would be a chance she’d run into Jonah. This was his home, whether he lived here or not. But if he really lived in L.A., why in the hell had he shown up in town at the same time she moved back?
Slumping her shoulders, she trailed her hand against the edge of the counter, wishing she could crawl under a rock. Anger pulsed within her heart. She shouldn’t allow him to affect her like this. After all these years of telling herself she’d moved on. What a lie. Seeing him again brought back every single second of their time together. How much she adored him as a friend for many years. How those feeling changed after he’d played for her one night. The same night that the tug toward Jonah began.
Releasing a sigh, she focused on Cassie, tucking the thoughts away. “I shouldn’t be this upset.”
“Yeah, you should. I know what Jonah meant to you, Ally. You should have told him the truth before you left.”
“I tried.” She ground out. “He didn’t want to hear it. Not when he had plans to leave.”
Cassie turned to face her, gripping her shoulders as she gave her a tiny shake. “He wouldn’t have left had he known how—”
“Don’t go there, Cassie.” Ally broke free from her grasp, refocusing on their reflections.
“Oh I’m going there. And then back again.” Cassie tapped her shoulder until she returned her gaze. “If he had known, you wouldn’t be hiding out in the women’s bathroom right now. You and Jonah would be happily married, raising a family, and enjoying life.”
“Whatever, Cass. Jonah would have grown restless with me. Music meant that much to him. His brother would have called with promises of fame and fortune. He would have left.”
“You didn’t see the way he looked at you over the years.”
Blowing out a deep breath, Ally pushed away from the counter. She loved that Cassie wanted to make her feel better, but reliving the past wasn’t helping. “Your theory is flawed. If he’d cared about me in the least, he wouldn’t have avoided my kiss.”
Cassie chewed on her lip, as though she wanted to keep arguing the point, but the door swung open again. Two girls came walking in, giggling about something Ally could care less about. Her eyes moved back to Cassie.
With a tight-lipped smile, she gave Ally a nod and turned toward the door. “We can argue the point another time. I’m going to pay for our drinks and get our cab. See you in a few.”
Once Cassie disappeared behind the door, Ally gazed down at her watch, ready to time her wait. The longer she stayed in the bathroom, the less chance she had of running into Jonah.
No matter how much she swore she’d never talk to him again, deep down she knew she couldn’t refuse him. Not if he approached her. Then she’d be a sitting target. One for him to shoot down once the moment arrived. God knows he did before.
Another round of giggles came from the stall she’d exited. She’d almost forgotten about the girls walking in, but she couldn’t ignore their insistent chuckles. Or the words flowing from their mouths as they chatted back and forth.
“The singer is definitely a total babe. I saw him looking at you.”
“Mmm, Theo McCabe. I’m hooking up with his fine ass tonight. I’m sure we can get his brother to tag along.”
“That’s his brother playing guitar?”
More words drifted from the stalls, but Ally couldn’t hear them. Could only hear the way her heart began to pound again. Guess she wasn’t the only person who’d caught Jonah’s eyes, tonight.
She couldn’t stand around and listen to this.
Gazing down at her watch, she noticed she had another minute until she met with Cassie. She’d surprise her friend and arrive a little early. Maybe the cab would, too.
As the sound of rushing water came from the stalls, Ally turned for the door, pulling it open as she stepped through the threshold. A short journey down the hall brought her back to the edge of the bar. And just a few feet away from Jonah.
Her heart had never raced as fast as it did the moment their eyes met. Or when she ran toward the red exit sign at the back of the bar.
~~~~
CHAPTER 5

A warm breeze lifted Ally’s hair from her shoulders as she stepped outside the bar. Gazing around at the nearby buildings, she fought to steady her breath. She had to find a way out of here before Jonah came looking for her.
Then again, maybe he wouldn’t.
Eyeing the left side of the alley, she noticed a group of people standing near the dumpsters. Huddled close together, the mixture of men and women gave her a long stare down before finally turning back to each other. She noticed them exchanging something between them. Then the tangy scent of marijuana filled her nose.
Stoners. The way she came busting out the door must have scared them. What a paranoid bunch.
Her eyes moved past the group, further down the tiny road parallel to the building she just exited. A few more joining buildings would make for a long walk around to the front. Maybe she’d have better luck going to her right.
The door creaked behind her, sending her heart into another tizzy. Silent prayers passed over her lips. Hopefully it was Cassie coming to tell her the cab had arrived. Or maybe someone else from the bar wanted to hit the stogie being passed between the group.
A low, husky voice finally filled her ears. “Ally?”
Damn… Just the person she hoped it wouldn’t be.
A cautious turn had her facing Jonah. She feigned a smile for him, all the while dying inside. Juniper lingered in the air. The familiar scent teased her nose, reminding her of all the times she cried on his shoulder when she thought about her dad.
“Jonah. Wow! What a surprise it is to see you. It’s been—”
“Six years.” How nice of him to remember. “I almost didn’t recognize you. You look great, Ally.”
Laughter exploded from the group behind, drawing his attention toward them, but Ally couldn’t think about anything other than the words she’d just heard. Maybe he hadn’t recognized her like she thought. Then again, maybe this was part of his game. Pretend like he hadn’t known it was her. That he hadn’t tried seducing her with his eyes.
“What brings you back home?” He asked, his eyes still focused on the group near the dumpsters.
She sucked in a deep breath, not ready to give him every detail of her life. “I just moved back this week.” Pressing her lips together, she stopped herself from revealing how close she lived to his old house. If he still lived in the area, he’d find out soon enough. “What about you? Is Savannah still home?”
Lime green eyes locked with hers. A twinkle of humor played within them, and the side of his mouth as it crooked. “Savannah will always be home. But no, I don’t live here anymore. Only came back to help out Theo.”
The Fates hated her. Why else had this happened? The odds of them running into each other, under such circumstances, should have been impossible. Yet here they stood, a mere foot away from each other. At least he’d be leaving soon. Probably after the show.
“Are you guys heading out after this gig?”
He took a few steps toward the outer wall, leaning his back against it as he tucked his hands in his pockets. “No. Well, I shouldn’t even be here right now. I was scheduled to leave this afternoon, but another opportunity presented itself, so I’m staying until the fifteenth.”
Ally couldn’t help but wonder if she were this other opportunity. Now that he knew she lived here, had he decided to stick around and play with her heart some more? As if he hadn’t done enough damage six years ago.
“Is this your last stop on the tour?”
His brow creased as he stared at her. “Um, I’m not on—oh, wait a minute. Of course you would think that.” A chuckle slipped past his lips. “I left Theo’s band almost a year after you left. I’m actually a sound producer, now. Long story on how that happened, but that’s what led me to L.A.”
“Oh.” Ally couldn’t muster anything else. Curiosity took hold. Music meant the world to Jonah. Rather, making music. What would make him want to give that up to produce?
She shouldn’t care. The more she learned about him, the harder it would be to forget about him once he left. And he would leave. Would break her heart again if she allowed it.
The tension between them increased the longer they stared at each other in silence. Guess this turned just as awkward for him. Good. Maybe he would say his goodbyes and leave her in peace.
He cleared his throat, shifting his stance to the other foot. The wall continued to support him while he gawked at her. “Well, since I’m in town for another week…” Here it came. “I was wondering if maybe you’d like to go­—”
Metal smacked against the concrete as a woman came running out the door. Not just any woman. Cassie.
“God, there you are!” She made her way to Ally, not acknowledging Jonah’s presence. “What are you doing out here? I thought you were going to wait in the bathroom for five minutes.”
All the blood pulsing through Ally’s veins rushed to her cheeks, stinging them to the point her eyes watered. While she struggled to answer, she gazed back at Jonah. Cassie’s eyes followed, landing on him as well. She hesitated, giving him a lookover before turning back to Ally. “Oh.” Was that a smile trying to form on her lips? “Am I interrupting?”
Sweet god, this wasn’t really happening. She prayed she’d wake up soon. Find out that all of this had been a nightmare.
“You’re not interrupting. I’m sorry I’m late.”
The bridge of Cassie’s nose crinkled. “Late? Sweetie, I just came to check on you. Three minutes early.”
Had Cassie managed to down another Manhattan? She was drunk if she thought she came back early. 
“Cass, we were supposed to meet up five minutes ago. You’re not early.” Did they really have to keep rehashing this in front of Jonah? Especially the part about her waiting in the bathroom. 
“You should have timed yourself.” Cassie shrugged. “I came back early.”
“I did time it,” Ally growled. “I looked at my watch the minute you stepped out the door.”
“Is that right?” Cassie gave Jonah one more glance before crossing her arms over her chest. “So you didn’t use your phone?”
“No. I just said that I used my watch.”
Cassie stepped closer, wrapping her hand around Ally’s wrist. Pointing to the watch with her other hand, her brow shot to the sky. “You timed yourself on this thing? After you were late for the comedy show?”
Another wave of heat bit at Ally’s cheeks. Guess the watch her mother gave her really was jacked up. Great. If replacing the battery didn’t work, she’d ask her mom where she bought the watch. Then she’d go demand a replacement. Or a refund.
“How long before the cab gets here?”
Cassie parted her lips to answer, but not before Jonah pushed off the wall. “You’re leaving already? It’s still early.”
Ally swallowed hard, hoping like hell he wouldn’t flash her those puppy eyes he used to give her whenever he wanted her to do something. Like stay out late. Or rob her mom’s liquor cabinet, which she didn’t mind since it prevented her mother from drinking it.
“I have somewhere to be in the morning. I need sleep.” Her eyes met back with Cassie’s, noting the way her friend pursed her lips. Would she expose Ally’s lie?
“Tomorrow is Saturday.” Jonah grumbled. “What could you possibly… You know what. It’s none of my business.”
Maybe it was the darkness of the alley they stood in, or the shadows the nearby streetlight cast across his face. But for a moment, Ally thought she saw a glimpse of disappointment in his eyes. A genuine look of disappointment.
She didn’t get the chance to find out, either. The door burst open once again, revealing another face that was as familiar as Jonah’s. Theo McCabe.
“Hey Jonah, we’re gonna—whoa.” He stopped short of the doorway, his eyes glued to the woman on Ally’s left. “Cassie? Cassie Clarke?”
“Theo McCabe. Long time no see.”
“You ain’t lying,” Theo chuckled. He couldn’t take his eyes off of Cassie. His childhood crush on her hadn’t faded. Not with the way his eyes roamed every inch of her.
Finally shifting his attention to Ally, she watched as he scanned her from head to toe. He started to turn away. Then realization sparked in his eyes. “Holy shit… Cassie Clarke and Ally Jacobs. This is an all around blast from the past.” 
His laughter erupted between them. Good to know someone found humor in their awkwardness. Ally wished she could.
“So, ladies, what are you doing after the show?” Theo continued. His focus shifted back to Cassie, who, to Ally’s surprise, seemed to be enjoying Theo’s attention.
“We’re actually waiting on a cab. Ally has to get up early tomorrow.” Thankfully, Cassie decided to keep up the ruse, though it cost Ally a you-owe-me-big-time look. “Maybe we can get together whenever you guys come back to town.”
“Oh, I’ll be here a couple weeks.” Theo’s cheesy grin had Ally wanting to laugh. At least until he continued, “Jonah’s leaving out the week after next, but he’ll be back. Should we call you to set something up before he leaves?” 
“Why don’t you give me your number? I’ll check back with you.”
“I hope so,” Theo mumbled, waiting for Cassie to record his number in her contact list.
Ally’s eyes made it back to Jonah. The somberness hadn’t left his face, nor had his eyes left hers. Was this part of his game, too? Play the love struck guy who desperately hoped for a chance to be with her.
Like she’d ever fall for that. No matter how much she might fantasize about it.
Just as Cassie finished punching in Theo’s number, the back door to the bar opened once more. Mike stood there, eyeing each one of them, especially Theo, before stopping on Cassie. “Your cab’s out front.”
“Thanks, Mike.” Cassie winked. She turned to Ally, tugging on her shirtsleeve. “Come on. Let’s get you home.”
“I’m right behind you.” 
She’d almost made it to the door when Jonah stepped in front of her. He reached in his pocket, pulling out a card before handing it to her. “My cell is on here. If you want to get together before I leave…” His eyes fell to her hand, waiting for her to take the card. And when she did, he met her gaze once more. “It was good seeing you, Ally.”
* * *
Jonah plopped down on the bed in his hotel suite, enjoying the cool, crispness of the sheets. The buzz of alcohol left the room swaying when he closed his eyes. He knew he should have stopped after the eighth shot. Too bad Theo had talked him into hitting another bar once they finished the set at Midnight Blues.
He couldn’t place all the blame on his brother, or the few friends they ended up meeting. Running into Ally tonight made it easier to kick back each shot. Especially when the thought of her dancing played through his mind.
Damn.
As if she wasn’t beautiful enough the last time he saw her. The last six years had molded her into a knockout. Five-foot five inches of mouth-watering lips, curvaceous hips, and legs that stretched forever.
What he wouldn’t give to feel those legs wrapped around his waist…
Reopening his eyes, he cursed himself for thinking about her again. This is how he made it to eight shots. Because he couldn’t do anything but fantasize about her. Just like he did years ago.
So she’d moved back to Savannah. Figures. Too bad she did it five years too late.
Had he actually given her his business card? Like she would actually call him. She probably threw it away as soon as she arrived home. He didn’t doubt that Cassie had deleted Theo’s number as well.
Love struck idiot. Hell, they both were. He couldn’t allow Ally under his skin this time, or close to his heart. 
Gripping the sheets beneath him, he groaned as loud as he could. He should have stuck to his original plan. Turn on the charm. Convince her to take him to her place where he could live out every fantasy he’d ever had about her. Then he could have left in the middle of the night and never spoke to her again.
The thought of her naked body pressed to his made his body heat. Did he honestly think he could walk away from such a sight as her curled up beside him?
He had to try. Or else he’d lose his heart in Savannah again.
~~~~
CHAPTER 6

A sultry breeze blew wisps of hair from Ally’s neck. Not even the wind could provide relief from the scorching sun beating down from above. She shielded her eyes, taking in the brick buildings of Whitaker Street’s Historical District. 
Beads of sweat spilled over her hand from the sweet tea clutched inside. She placed the straw to her lips, anxious to taste the sugary goodness, but finding a watered-down version instead. 
At least the cup was still cool. She pressed it to her forehead, fighting back heat exhaustion. The beauty of living in the South. The heat. Not just any heat. The type that made her want to remain locked in her house until the calendar showed December. Who needed a sauna? Savannah summers brought about the same effect.
Taking one last sip of her watered-down tea, she tossed the cup in a trash can before turning the corner at Broughton Street. Her eyes trailed across a new set of shops eager for her patronage. Not that she had time. Literally. She had to find the antique store where her mother purchased the watch before her lunch break ended. Either they would fix it, give her a new one, or refund her mom’s money.
As she stood near the curb, Ally waited for the do-not-walk sign to switch. The words no longer lit up the sign. Instead, a red hand glared back at her. She counted six cars passing by before the traffic light turned red. 
Once the white, stickman lit up the crossing sign, Ally stepped off the curb. She passed a red sports car, each step she took in perfect rhythm with the bass booming from the car. Ally recognized the song, though the name of the artist escaped her. The longer she listened, the more she wanted to shimmy and shake.
Of course, she did plenty of that over the weekend.
Her cheeks burned, though she couldn’t tell if it was embarrassment or the heat.
Stepping up on the sidewalk, Ally brushed past other people walking down the street. Her mind focused on Jonah. How neither of them could take their eyes off each other. How his playing brought her body to life, as did the attention he gave her. She wished he hadn’t given her his business card. Now he would expect her call.
Meeting up with him would lead down a road she couldn’t travel. Because that road had too many twists and turns that would end up taking her over the edge. 
A car’s horn honked in passing, startling Ally. Between the consuming thoughts of Jonah and the threat of heat exhaustion, she turned toward the first door she saw. Maybe a change of scenery would get her back in perspective or at least save her a trip to the hospital. Right now, a summerhouse in Alaska sounded like a piece of heaven.
The bell atop the oak door jingled to life. Her eyes moved up, noting the vintage sign that hung above. The words Mystique Antiques stared back at her. Finally!
She put one foot inside the door when the air from a nearby vent swept across her face. Inhaling deeply, she enjoyed the way it cooled her damp blouse. Even the dusty scent of aged merchandise smelled better than the scent of skin baking in the hot Savannah sun. 
She walked around the store, glimpsing at racks of used items that most folks called ‘antique’. A set of Pickard china caught her eye. She studied the set before reminding herself why she’d come. 
Passing a mahogany grandfather clock, a shelf full of vintage handbags competed with the rack of silk scarves for her attention. The scarves won her over. She rubbed the material between her fingers, wondering if her mother would wear such a thing. 
She released the scarf, continuing her journey toward the register.
Stepping up to the case, she noticed an older woman standing behind a glass counter. Her lips curled, accentuating the lines around her mouth. Bright eyes twinkled under the light as Ally approached. 
“Is there something I can help you with, sugar?” She tucked a strand of hair behind her ear then adjusted the clip that held her silver strands above her neck. 
“Yes, ma’am. I hope so.”
“Call me Twila, darlin’.”
Ally didn’t know the woman from the next Joe Schmoe she crossed on the street, but something about the lady’s presence seemed comforting. 
Giving her a nod, Ally unclasped the watch on her wrist. She set the item on the counter, pushing it toward Twila. “My mother bought this watch from you a week ago. She gave it to me as a birthday gift, but I think it may be broken.”
A crease formed between Twila’s brows. “Oh goodness. What seems to be the problem?”
The more Ally stared at the sweet woman, the less angrier she grew about the watch. But she still wanted some type of compensation. “It keeps losing time. I’ve been late meeting a friend and then too early for another meeting. I thought maybe it was the battery, but I couldn’t figure out how to change it.”
Twila’s fingers curled around the watch as she brought it closer to her face. “Oh yes, I remember this watch. It has quite a story attached to it.”
“Beg your pardon?” 
“Forgive me. I’m a bit of a history buff. All the items in my store have interesting stories behind them. Just like this watch. It’s very old, you know. Predates the Civil War.”
No wonder the stupid thing wasn’t working.
“Wow,” Ally chuckled. “I had no idea it was that antique.”
Nodding her head, Twila leaned her elbows on the counter, turning the piece in her hands. “Wristwatches weren’t very popular until the 1920’s. But they’ve existed since the late 1500’s. This watch belonged to Abigail Hamilton, the daughter of a prominent family in Atlanta. From what I’ve gathered, she received the watch as a gift from an unknown sender. There was a note attached with a cryptic message. The heart does not see through blind eyes. Only the mind. Time matters not.”
A chill ran up Ally’s spine. Maybe the watch was haunted. And the ghost wanted to screw with everyone else’s time since time no longer mattered to it.
“That’s kind of creepy.”
“Oh, the story gets stranger,” Twila chuckled, gazing back across the counter at Ally. “The Hamiltons never found the person who sent the gift. Then to make matters worse, their daughter went missing six years later.”
Ally’s stomach knotted. Her mother had gifted her the watch of a dead woman.
“You’re right. That is strange. Did they ever find her?”
Pushing off the counter, Twila’s brows rose higher. “Funny you should ask. In the 70’s, a local artist started receiving a lot of recognition for his paintings. When a historian from Atlanta caught wind, she went to see his work…and nearly fainted.”
It was Ally who leaned on the glass counter this time. Hadn’t even realized it until the heat of the lights below warmed her arms. “Dare I ask why she almost fainted?”
“Of course, darlin’. It would be a pointless story if you didn’t.” Twila smiled. “All the paintings on display were of a woman. One the artist didn’t know from anywhere but his imagination. But the historian recognized her as Abigail Hamilton.”
The news had Ally hanging on to every last word passing through Twila’s lips. “How is that possible? Was he lying about not knowing who she was?”
“Not at all.” Twila gazed at the watch. She stroked the face as though the watch had carried her away on some mystical journey. More like a mystical tale. One Ally found hard to believe but interesting just the same. 
“So was it a coincidence that he painted this woman’s picture?”
“One would think. Because short of a picture owned by a museum in Atlanta, there were none of the young woman. All the family portraits were lost when their house burned down during Sherman’s invasion. The only one that survived came from a relative who had asked for it after the girl’s disappearance. That person lived in Massachusetts.”
“I don’t get it,” Ally said, shaking her head as her eyes fell to the watch in Twila’s hand. “How could he paint a picture of a woman who lived a century before he did?”
Shrugging her shoulders, Twila continued to flip the watch, giving it a good lookover. “No one knows for sure, but a year later, the man went to see the historian, again. He brought his new bride with him. A woman he met just a few weeks after the historian made the connection with the paintings. Guess who she looked like.”
“Abigail?” Ally asked, pushing away from the counter.
Twila nodded. “Yes. And she was wearing the same watch. A watch that disappeared when Miss Hamilton did.”
What Twila insinuated couldn’t be possible. Not logically. Yet something about the story had Ally questioning its authenticity. Not that the story couldn’t be true, but that it was true. 
If Twila didn’t find anything wrong with the watch, Ally would be stuck keeping it. She didn’t know if she wanted it anymore. Not with its creepy history.
A band of keys jingled against the clerk’s wrist as she grabbed her glasses from the top of her head. They sat on the bridge of her nose while her eyes peered through them, bringing the watch closer to her face.
“I see what the problem is.” A twinge of hope beat through Ally’s heart. Maybe she would get a refund. As Twila stretched her arms toward Ally, she pointed toward the side of the watch. “This is mechanical, darlin’. Have you been winding it?”
Closing her eyes, Ally released a sigh. Darn it. She hadn’t thought about that. Now she looked like an idiot. “No, ma’am. I have not.”
Guess that meant she had to keep the watch. Oh well. It would make for a good conversation piece at office parties.
Yippie.
Twila raised her hand a little, offering the watch to Ally. “You should do so everyday. Mornings are best.”
Slipping the watch over her wrist, she clasped it shut, trying to avoid Twila’s eyes. Thank God she hadn’t decided to be rude to the woman, like she wanted. Now she had a working birthday gift and a historical piece to show off. Her mother would be pleased, too. Ally hadn’t missed the crack in her voice when they first spoke, this morning. 
“I appreciate all the help. And the history lesson. I should probably get going. Do I owe you anything for fixing the watch?”
“You can’t fix something that isn’t broken. There’s no charge. You weren’t aware of the history. True mechanical watches aren’t common anymore. Now that you know more about the watch, you’ll enjoy your gift.”
Perfect. The watch wasn’t broken. Ally wished she could say that about more things in her life. Like her relationship with her mother. Or her friendship with Jonah. Too bad Twila couldn’t fix those things.
Nothing could. Not even time.
* * *
Yanking her cell phone from her purse, Ally gazed down at the device, reading Cassie’s latest text.
I think we should do it. What would it hurt? We can behave.
She twisted the handle on Mystique Antique’s door, hesitating in the doorway when the sweltering heat swarmed every inch of her skin. She brought up her keypad, trying to come up with a witty response for Cassie.
Her friend had lost her mind. No way would she go on a double date with her and Theo. Especially knowing who would be her date. She hadn’t accepted the fact that Cassie wanted to go out with Theo. Then again, she used to love teasing him when they were younger. Theo didn’t mind. Would have gone to hell and back if Cassie had asked.
Why couldn’t Jonah have felt the—
Ally’s feet shifted beneath her as she slammed into a hard surface. Dazed by the abrupt stop, her legs teetered before they gave out, sending her toward the ground. Then the blurry scene around her wavered. She hadn’t hit the ground. Had made it back to her feet. Warmth caressed her arms as words filled her ears.
“I’m so sorry!” The man apologized. “I was sending a text and didn’t see—Ally? Shit! Ally, are you okay?”
Struggling to focus her eyes, Ally found comfort in the voice speaking to her. Jonah. It had to be. While his voice had deepened over the years, the roughness hadn’t left. And God did it sound sexy as hell.
She blinked a couple of times, clearing the fogginess from her eyes. Then she found Jonah’s. A gasp left her mouth when she saw the crease in his forehead deepen. His eyes danced over her face as he reached for her head.
Before he could make contact, she stepped back, waving him away. “I’m fine. You just caught me off guard. What are you doing here?” Had he followed her? Why else would they be on the same street in a city this big, on a Tuesday afternoon?
“I had to go shopping.” He pointed to the bags near his feet. Ally noticed a navy blue shirt in one bag. Jeans hid in another. “I hate shopping for clothes, but I didn’t pack enough stuff for my trip. Didn’t think I’d be here this long.” Their eyes met again as his lips spread in a smile. “But I’m glad I came to town. I would have missed the chance to see you, if I hadn’t.”
God, he knew all the right words to say to leave a woman wanting more. Needing more. Then, when she was ready to give her everything to him, he left her hanging to pursue his own dreams.
At least he had with her. Who knows how many others since they’d parted ways. 
Damn him. She couldn’t fall for his games again.
“You sure are a smooth talker, Jonah. You haven’t lost your touch with that.”
Humor lit up his eyes. Guess he didn’t realize she’d just insulted him.
“Yeah? Well, it’s not intentional. I assure you. When I first saw you the other night, I couldn’t have talked to you even if I weren’t performing. Not without stuttering. You blew me away.”
“You shouldn’t say things like that,” she grumbled, gazing down at the sidewalk. She scraped her shoe against the concrete, wishing he would leave her alone. “I’m sure your girlfriend wouldn’t appreciate you giving your number to a woman from your past.”
“You’re right.” He sighed. She snapped her head in his direction, confused by the ache that played in her heart. She should be glad she’d busted him. Now he would stop with the flirting and leave her alone. “If I had a girlfriend, she wouldn’t like me giving my number out to a woman from my past. Even though you’re not just any woman. You were my friend. My best friend.”
Biting the inside of her lip, she fought back the tears forming in her eyes. No way would she allow him to keep screwing with her. This ended, now.
Wisps of hair brushed her neck as she shook her head. Then she stepped around him, making her way down the street. She’d bypassed a couple shops before he’d caught up with her. “Where are you going?”
“I’m going back to work, Jonah.”
“Why? What did I say?”
“I’m not taking this trip down memory lane with you,” she snapped picking up the pace. The new speed didn’t faze Jonah. He kept at her side, dodging a newspaper stand as they continued down the street. Each step she took, he matched. Shooting him a glance, she hated seeing his scrunched up face. A mixture of confusion and pain filled each crease.
“What did I ever do to you?”
A sudden halt had Jonah putting a few feet of distance between them. Good. She needed the space. Needed to get as far away from him as she could. How could he even ask her that question?
“Forget it, Jonah, it’s nothing. I don’t have time to stand around and reminisce. I have a meeting in an hour. One I can’t be late for.”
She turned to walk away again, but Jonah’s fingers wrapped around her waist at the same time she moved. Stumbling back into him, he wrapped her in his arm. A surge of fire filled Ally’s face. It moved down her chest, sending a tingle across her breasts, then around her belly before making its final plunge toward her thighs.
Sucking in a deep breath, she stared into the sexiest pair of eyes she’d ever seen. A soft moan slipped from her mouth when he squeezed her closer. Her eyes fell lower, to his lips. The heat of his breath caressed her cheek, sending a fruity scent with it. If she leaned back another inch, their lips would meet. Then she’d be in trouble. Would be nothing but a big pile of mush in Jonah’s arms.
He must have sensed her tension. Helping her right herself, he took a step back, putting distance between their bodies. But he hadn’t released her from his grip.
“Look, I know the last time we saw each other, we didn’t end things well. I can’t take back what happened, Ally, but I’d like for us to be friends, again. That’s why I told you to call me. All I want to do is catch up.”
Guilt wavered in Ally’s heart. Maybe she’d been wrong about him. That he hadn’t stayed in Savannah to mess with her. That he honestly wanted to make amends and be her friend, just like he had been years ago. But could she do it? Things had changed between them. Even before they’d moved away. She’d fallen for him. Wanted to take the next step with him and start a relationship, but he didn’t. Even if she agreed to be his friend, he’d eventually want to settle down. She couldn’t handle seeing him with another woman. 
“We’re different people now, Jonah. We can’t pick up where we left off.”
“I know and I’m not asking you to.” He hesitated as a group of people passed. When the last person went by, he reached down to her hands, cupping them in his. “Our friendship built over time. I think it could again.”
Yeah, they’d work real hard at it each time he came in from L.A. How could they rebuild their friendship with him gone all the time? Friends grew closer because they hung out. Shared hopes, dreams, even their fears. She couldn’t reconnect with him if he was never around.
“Whatever you’re telling yourself, don’t.” His voice sounded shaky. He even cleared it before speaking again. “Please, just hear me out. I’d like to take you to dinner on Saturday. Not on a date, but just to hang out. I’ll take you anywhere you want to go.”
Ally parted her lips to refuse him, then snapped them shut. There was no point in arguing. Jonah had given her the puppy eyes. Her greatest weakness.
Damn him.
She exhaled, slumping her shoulders as she offered him a smile. “Okay, I’ll go. What time should I meet you?”
“I can pick you up.”
Which is exactly what she wanted to avoid. Screw it. She’d agreed to go to dinner with him. What would it hurt for him to know where she lived? If they were going to be friends again, he’d find out anyway.
Scratch that. As soon as he visited his parents, he’d know.
“I’ll be ready at seven. Is that okay?”
The spark in his eyes had returned. Giving her a smile that had her heart racing, he nodded his head and then released her hands. “Sounds great. Oh, you didn’t tell me where you live.”
“I live in the second house on the right…over on White Oak.”
Jonah’s eyes widened. “You live near my parents?” 
Ally gave him a smile before walking away. “See you Saturday, at seven, Jonah. Don’t be late.”
~~~~
CHAPTER 7

Ally adjusted the hem of her skirt, worrying that she’d picked the shortest one. Each time she crossed her legs, the material crept up a little further. Thank goodness the white tablecloth billowed around her from the waist down.
Moving her eyes across the table, she found Jonah replacing his beer on a coaster. He’d been nursing the drink ever since the server brought it. Must have been his attempt at being a gentleman. She knew how much he could drink. Had spent many nights sneaking out of her house with a bottle for him and Cassie. In fact, both her friends would be dead if she hadn’t been their designated driver.
My how their roles had changed.
Grasping the stem of her wine glass, she placed it to her lips, pouring the last of the contents into her mouth. The soft cherry taste teased her tongue. Guess it was too late to drink in moderation, but she’d try to go slower with the next glass. And there would definitely be another glass.
She had hoped this dinner wouldn’t be awkward like the last two times she ran into Jonah. Maybe it wouldn’t be if she’d kept their relationship on a friendship level. But she didn’t do that. Went and fell for him instead. 
What an idiot.
Not realizing how loudly she groaned, she met Jonah’s gaze. Though a smile tugged at his mouth, he didn’t fully give in to the urge. “I hope that’s for the lack of flavor in this food, not because you’re here with me.”
“You don’t like the food?”
One brow arched as his smile finally won the tug-o-war with his lips. “I bet road kill tastes better than this.”
“Eww!” she squealed, covering her mouth at the thought. “That’s so gross, Jonah.” 
A hearty laugh shook his chest, tossing his dark curls about his face. She didn’t realize how much she’d missed that sound. How it still made her insides shake. 
“I’d rather have a cheeseburger,” he grinned.
“Oooh. That sounds good. I haven’t eaten a cheeseburger in years.”
Jonah’s brow creased. “What? That’s a crime. You need a cheeseburger.”
Pressing her back against her chair, she stroked the tablecloth, making sure her legs remained hidden. “When I was in New York, I barely had time to eat once a day. I busted my butt to get the promotion that brought me here. So when I did eat, I tried to be healthy.”
“You’ve taken care of yourself, Ally. That’s good.” His eyes fell from her face as he tossed his napkin onto his plate. Then he laughed again. “But you know how much I always corrupted you. So guess what we’re doing?” 
Drawing in a breath, a twinge of uncertainty pulsed in her heart. “I’m not sure I want to know. Because you’re right. You were a bad influence.”
His eyes sparkled with humor, making her belly roll. Just like old times.
“We’re leaving this dump,” he said, motioning for their server to bring the check. “Then we’re going to find the closest burger joint so I can buy you a cheeseburger. We’re going to live on the edge, tonight.”
It was Ally’s laughter that filled the air this time. Not just because of what he said, but because for the first time since seeing him, she had hope. Maybe their friendship could be repaired. She’d give it a shot. What was life without taking chances? 
* * *
A bell chimed as the elevator doors opened. Ally gazed at the green carpet, debating on taking another step. She couldn’t believe she’d agreed to this. Swinging by Jonah’s hotel suite so that he could change.
Yeah. Not her best decision.
She must have stimulated too many endorphins after eating. Lord knows she’d enjoyed every single bite of her food. The conversation had been good, too. Like they hadn’t missed the last six years of each other’s life. The only thing missing was Cassie. Ally knew Cassie would have enjoyed a good burger.
Moving through the hallway, Ally followed Jonah as they passed several doors. She couldn’t avoid gazing at his body. He still towered over her by a good eight inches. Had the same confidence to his step that she remembered from high school. Still filled his jeans in all the right places.
Her eyes made their way to his bottom, admiring the firmness of it. Yeah. Definitely all the right places.
Heat filled her cheeks at the thought. And before she could look away, Jonah cast his gaze over his shoulder, catching her in the act.
A volcanic eruption couldn’t describe the sensation engulfing her face. It was as if she’d stepped off the elevator and into the pits of hell.
“You doing okay? You got quiet on me.”
Nodding her head as fast as she could, her stomach tightened as he waited for her to step beside him. “Yeah, I’m fine. Just thinking about dinner. That was the best cheeseburger I’ve ever eaten. I swear, I don’t remember a big ball of meat and grease tasting so good.”
“Nice analogy,” he winked, bumping his shoulder into hers. “But I agree. It was pretty good. That place has the best food.” His hand brushed the front of his shirt where mustard stained it. “And messy.”
“Well, if you wouldn’t have inhaled your burger…”
“Touché.” He stopped at the last door on the right of the hallway, swiping his key in the door. “I appreciate you coming up with me. It won’t take me long to change.”
“Well, I couldn’t be seen in a dark movie theater with a guy who has a mustard stain on his shirt. I have a reputation to keep, you know.” She couldn’t help but razz him after he did the same to her at the restaurant. 
He didn’t seem to mind. Even flashed her a smile before pushing the door open. “After you.”
Sweeping past him, she entered the suite, noting the bar setting on the right. Rooms spread in different directions, the kitchenette being the closest. Coming to a stop near the recliner, she studied the layout until the door clicked shut behind her. Jonah brushed past her on his way toward one of the other rooms.
“Do you want something to drink?” he asked, jabbing his finger over his shoulder.
“No, I’m fine. I’ll grab something at the theater.”
One shrug later, he disappeared down a hall.
As a doorknob clicked in the distance, she debated on whether to sit on the sofa or make her way to the window. Sitting down would involve patience. Something she didn’t have at the moment. 
Pacing near the couch, she wished she’d taken Jonah up on the drink he’d offered. Anticipation burned in her belly with thoughts of him, shirtless, just a few feet down the hall. No way could she sit still and wait for his return.
It didn’t take her long to reach the window. She parted the curtains, letting her eyes fall to the cobblestone that made up River Street. While many years had passed, she still remembered walking on that same street with her father right after they arrived in Savannah. She’d been too young to appreciate the history of the area, but the stone road fascinated her. And any memory of her father warmed her heart.
“See anything interesting outside?” Jonah’s voice buzzed in her ear. She didn’t realize he’d reentered the room, or that he stood less than a foot behind her. When she gazed over her shoulder, she came eye level with his lips. 
Her heart took an extra beat.
Trailing her eyes up to his, she watched a spark of humor play inside them. Then his lips curled upward. “What is it, Ally?”
“Nothing.” She offered him a smile, turning her eyes back toward the road. “I was thinking about how much fun I’ve had, tonight.”
A low rumble of laughter worked past his lips. “You didn’t think you would?”
She wanted to deny the truth in his question, though she knew she couldn’t. Not if they wanted to rebuild an honest friendship. 
Taking in the bold scent of his cologne, she stepped from the window to face him. “I don’t know what I expected, Jonah.”
Her eyes fell to the floor. She didn’t want to dredge up the past. Their evening had been too enjoyable to walk down this road. One that would require total honesty on her part. Honesty he may not want to know.
She started to step away, until the warmth of his hand swept across hers. Her eyes darted back to his. The playful spark they once contained had switched to smoldering heat. Then he stroked her palm with his fingers.
Snapping her lids shut, she prayed her eyes would stop stinging. She couldn’t let Jonah see this side of her. Not when she didn’t know what his intentions were.
“Look at me, Ally.” The heat of his hands caressed her face as he cupped it. Her eyes flew open, locking with his bright ones. “I know our last moment together didn’t end well. I saw the pain in your eyes that day. Believe me. It wasn’t one-sided. A day hasn’t gone by that I haven’t thought of you.”
Tears welled in her eyes, clouding her vision. One blink sent a warm stream down her face. 
“God, Ally, don’t cry.” Jonah pulled her close, the warmth of his arms encircling hers. His cheek pressed against the top of her head as he released a sigh. “What did I say?”
Pulling back from his embrace, she swiped at her cheek. “The day I left, I wasn’t honest with you about a few things.”
“Like what?”
She stared at his chest, the rest of the images in the suite a blur. Her eyes traced each groove of his muscles, admiring the way his t-shirt accentuated them. “Do you remember the day we went to Tybee Island? Near the lighthouse.”
“Yes. It’s right after you found your dad’s dog tags. I took you there to get your mind off things. Even played a song for you.”
Nodding, she inhaled a deep breath, hoping to steady her voice. “Things changed for me that day. The way I looked at you. The way I thought of you. I…”
She tried to push away from him. Wanted to put some distance between them, but he refused to release her. “What changed, Ally?”
Meeting his eyes once more, her lower lip began to tremble. She’d hate herself in the morning, but she had to do this. “My feelings for you changed, Jonah. I fell in love with you that day.”
Each second they stood in silence, Ally’s heart vibrated. Through her chest. Across her skin. Between her thighs. Jonah’s eyes danced over her face, dropping to her lips every so often. Then he wet his lips, sending a fruity scented breath to her nose.
“I know, Ally. At least, I had a suspicion. Part of me refused to believe it.”
The knot in Ally’s belly twisted. So Jonah suspected her feelings for him, yet chose to ignore it. Great. That meant he couldn’t reciprocate the feelings. God, she was an idiot. 
Fighting to hold back the tears, she wanted to run away. Then Jonah stroked her cheek with his thumb. “Ally…” 
Her name was no more than a whisper on his lips. He drew her face closer, still holding it in both hands. His breath beat against her skin, making her heart race. Then he parted his lips. 
Stuck in the moment, she struggled for a breath. He needed to say what was on his mind. Or else she’d lose hers. Even if he rejected her, it would end the ache of not knowing what she meant to him. 
Jonah’s eyes burned into her, but only for a moment. Then his lips pressed to her lips. They were warm. Sweet. Softer than she ever imagined. He eased back, just enough to meet her eyes. He wanted proof that she didn’t object. The way his brow creased hinted as much.
She didn’t object. Showed him as much when she leaned in and molded her mouth to his. Working his lips faster, he parted his mouth. A moan echoed between them, sending a vibration across her tongue and Jonah’s. He pulled her closer, moving one hand into her hair. The other cupped her lower back, pulling her further into him.
His heart raced with such force each beat thumped against her chest. She never thought she could have this effect on him. Hell, maybe it was a typical male response. She didn’t care at this point. Only cared about the way his hands moved to her hips. His fingers worked down the sides, squeezing and tugging at her skirt. Then scorching hands slid under her blouse.
Her breath caught when he cupped her breast, rubbing his thumb over her nipple until it hardened. The lace on her bra scratched her sensitive flesh, drawing another moan past her lips.
Jonah echoed the sound. He fumbled with the buttons on her shirt, stripping it from her arms once the last button loosened. His eyes trailed over her breasts while he removed his t-shirt. Then he had her in his arms again, suckling a warm, wet path up her neck.
Ally couldn’t move. Couldn’t speak. Couldn’t do anything but give in to Jonah’s advances. She’d waited too long for this moment. Refused to let it go, no matter what consequences might lay ahead. All she needed was one night with him.
In one swift motion, her feet left the ground as Jonah lifted her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, melding her lips with his once more. She knew they were moving. Perhaps to the bedroom, which only increased the need pulsing through her.
Rocking her hips into his, he growled against her lips. Then her back greeted a wall as her thighs welcomed the weight of his hips. He slid his hands under her skirt, working his fingers further up her legs until they stroked her panties. A gentle tug had her arching into him.
And just when she thought she couldn’t take another minute of his torture, Jonah released her legs. Plush carpet teased her toes. Not that she cared when she wanted to know why Jonah had pulled away from their kiss.
“Ally, I can’t take this any further. Not after what you just confessed.”
The stark reality of his words ripped at her heart. It was her worst fear come true. His rejection. He didn’t want to be with her. Back then or now. She was foolish to think time had changed that. 
At least she knew where she stood with him.
“I’m sorry, Jonah. I should have—”
He pressed his finger to her lips. “Don’t take what I said the wrong way. Believe me, I want you. Would love nothing more than to take you right here on this wall. But I want to set the record straight before this goes any further.”
She didn’t know how she could have misunderstood him. If not for his lack of interest, why else would he refuse to make love to her or feel the need to straighten any record? He said he didn’t have a girlfriend. Unless he’d lied.
Jonah called her name again, removing the seeds of doubt before they sprouted. Trailing his finger down her lips, he gripped her chin, leaning in closer. “God, I have so much to tell you. I don’t know where to begin. I hope you don’t hate me.”
The words bit at her heart. Whatever he planned to tell her wouldn’t be good. Not if he thought she would hate him. She didn’t know how much more of this she could take. 
As the ache continued to build, she stared at Jonah’s lips, watching them press and part. Then he blew out a long breath. This definitely wouldn’t be good if he couldn’t find the courage to say what he needed. 
With the words hanging on his lips, a rap resonated through the suite, widening both their eyes.
“Shit… That has to be Theo. No one else knows where I’m staying.” The heat of his eyes left hers. They roamed her half-naked body and his. Then a voice sounded from behind the door.
“Jonah? Let me in, bro. I know you’re in there.”
Releasing a sigh, Jonah caressed the side of her face. “I need a few minutes to deal with him.”
“Okay.” She leaned over to grab her blouse, but he beat her to it. 
Handing her the garment, he folded his hand over hers, waiting until she met his gaze. “This conversation is far from over. I owe you some explanations.”
“Where should I go?”
“The bathroom is closest.”
* * *
Jonah couldn’t meet his brother’s eyes when he opened the door. Not when a million thoughts of Ally consumed him. The way her breath grew labored each time he touched her body. The sweet sounds passing through her lips. Sounds that he’d evoked within her. He could still taste her lips when he licked his. 
Cherries and chocolate.
Theo brushed by him, moving past the bar to the center of the sitting area. He gave Jonah a quick look over, before peering around the suite. 
“Took you long enough to answer the door. What were you—” Theo pointed his nose upward, drawing in a few short breaths. “It smells like a woman in here,” he chuckled. “Did you sneak one in, big bro?” 
The more Theo’s laughter taunted him, the more Jonah scrambled for an answer. He didn’t want to reveal Ally’s presence. Then he would never get rid of his brother or finish his conversation with her. 
An awkward amount of silence passed as they stood speechless. Then Theo’s eyes squinted. The smile on his lips fell. “You got a chick in here, Jonah?”
Giving his brother a slight nod, he couldn’t understand the piercing glare Theo gave him. His brother should be proud of him for bringing someone back to his suite. Even if Jonah had no intentions of sleeping with her. Theo didn’t know that. If anything, he would automatically assume Jonah’s intentions.
 “What the hell, man. Why would you go hook up with some girl? I told you I had someone in mind for you. In fact, that’s the reason I’m here.”
“Theo, I’m not interested.” The only person Jonah wanted stood on the other side of the bathroom door, listening. He couldn’t believe the things he’d revealed to her, tonight. Like how he’d thought about her every day.
“You don’t even know who I had in mind,” Theo complained. “If you did, you’d bend over and kiss the ground I’m standing on. Trust me. You’ll want this girl.”
God, he needed to get his brother out of here before Ally thought the worst of him. Especially after the progress they’d made this evening.
“I appreciate your effort, little bro, but I’m not—”
“It’s Ally, asshole.” Theo walked back to the bar once Jonah reached it. He shoved his cell phone in Jonah’s face, pointing to the screen. “I started texting Cassie last Saturday, trying to set up a time for the four of us to get together. She’s supposed to talk to Ally. I’m supposed to talk to you.”
The more Theo’s lips moved the more Jonah’s face burned. Did Ally already know about this setup? 
His thoughts came crashing down as his brother’s voice drifted back to his ears. “I thought you’d want to hook up with her after seeing her at the show. What was it you were saying about her dance moves?”
Heat bit at Jonah’s cheeks. “Shut up, Theo.” 
The bathroom door came back into his sight, making his heart thump a little harder. The thought of Ally pressing her ear to the door had his gut churning. She’d demand answers after this. Answers he promised her before his brother’s rude interruption.
“Dude, it’s been six years. Aren’t you the least bit curious if she—”
“Theo! I’m going to punch you if you don’t shut up.”
“You’re an idiot.” A smack echoed as Theo’s hands hit the bar top. “You’re passing up a chance with Ally Jacobs. What’s standing in the way this time?”
Jonah gazed at the top of the bar where his brother’s hands lay. Freaking idiot. Did he think Jonah had been kidding? He really would punch him if he didn’t shut up. 
“Nothing’s standing in my way. If I wanted to be with Ally, I would be. I don’t need your help.”
“Obviously not since you got some chick here.” Clenching his jaw, Theo raked his fingers through the pile of black curls on his head. “Do you realize you just screwed me? Hooking you up with Ally meant I finally had half a shot with Cassie. You know how long I’ve waited for this. At least you should. It’s as long as you’ve—”
“Theo!” Jonah’s voiced echoed in the room. “Shut up!” Half a chuckle passed his lips. “Damn it, man. You don’t know when to stop, do you? You’ve always run off at the mouth, speaking before thinking about who your words would affect.”
His brother’s jaw dropped. He looked as though he wanted to blast Jonah again, but Jonah shook his head, massaging his temples as he exhaled a long breath. “You can come out now, Ally.”
The click of a door resonated into the sitting area. Then Ally rounded the corner. She didn’t meet Jonah’s gaze, or Theo’s, as she hugged her chest. 
Great. She’d definitely heard their conversation. Now she thought the worst of him. Why else would she avoid his attention?
God, he wanted to punch Theo. Even tightened his fist at the notion. Then her words filled the air between them. Ones that sent a surge of panic through his heart.
“I think I better go.”
~~~~
CHAPTER 8

The sound of passing cars drifted from Ally’s ears as she walked into her office building. She made her way to the elevator, stepping inside the empty car before pressing the button for the seventh floor.
As the doors closed behind her, she stared at the mirror covering the back portion of the car. Puffy bags haunted her eyes, which didn’t surprise her considering she’d spent the entire weekend in tears.
The more she thought about what happened at Jonah’s suite, the more she wanted to crawl under a rock. He’d seemed sincere when they spoke about the past. Even had her convinced that he’d thought about her over the years. Hell, maybe he had, but not the way she had him.
Clenching the paper coffee cup in her hand, she inhaled the rich scent of her caramel latte. She needed the extra shot of caffeine if she wanted to make it through the rest of her Monday afternoon. Lord knows she’d zoned out enough this morning.
As the elevator chimed for her floor, she released the breath she’d been holding. Her heels thumped against the carpet with each step she took. Just a few more hours and she could go home. Could open a bottle of wine and soak in the tub. 
She didn’t make it to her office before her assistant came rushing around her desk. “Thank God you’re finally back.”
Ally met Heidi’s eyes, noting the way they widened. Fighting back the urge to growl, she hoped her assistant was overreacting. She didn’t need a crisis today. If anything, she’d like to leave early. 
Stealing a glance at her watch, the hands pointed to one o’clock. “I’ve only been out for thirty minutes, Heidi. What’s wrong?”
“Thirty minutes?” Heidi’s face contorted with a frown. “Sweetie, you’ve been gone for two hours. It’s two-thirty.”
Ally’s eyes moved past Heidi’s face to the large clock above her desk. She did a double take just to make sure her eyes weren’t playing tricks.
Stupid watch. She’d forgotten to wind it this morning. Had been too busy moping over Jonah. Now it had cost her two hours of her life. Two hours she’d spent at the park, eyes glued to the water fountain as thoughts of him rolled through her mind.
“I still don’t understand what’s wrong. I don’t have any clients this afternoon. Why do you look like you’re about to pull out your hair?”
Heidi rolled her eyes, releasing a heavy breath. “Mr. Taylor’s client showed up a day early. Says he won’t be in town tomorrow and wants to see him, today. Problem is, Mr. Taylor went home early. Guess he’s sick. Mr. Goldman is at a business luncheon, which only leaves you to deal with the client. And he is pissed.”
What a great way to end the day. Talking down an irate client. Not that she hadn’t succeeded before, but focusing was a challenge today. She’d need every ounce of her wit to work with this client.
“Where is he?”
“I put him in your office. Twenty minutes ago.”
“Okay,” Ally sighed, gazing down at the file in Heidi’s hand. “Hold all my calls and get Mr. Taylor on the phone. See if there are any important details not included in this file.”
“Right away,” Heidi said as she raced back to the other side of her desk.
Once Ally rounded the corner, she stood outside her door, skimming the file for details on the investment. Damn Rich and his sloppy handwriting. She couldn’t make out any of the words stretching across the paper. Why hadn’t his assistant transcribed this information yet?
Had Ally not known a client was in her office, she would never have seen him. The high-back leather chair hid most of his body. Except for his foot, which shook with force near the armrest. Dealing with this client would be as fun as jumping into an ocean full of sharks. Both would be out for blood.
Quick steps brought her past the chair. “Good afternoon. I apologize for the wait, Mr.—” 
“McCabe.”
Had his voice not sent a trail of ice down Ally’s back, his name would have. She gazed up in time to see Jonah staring back.
“Wha—what are you doing here, Jonah?”
“I’m supposed to be meeting with Rich Taylor about an investment. But I guess you already know that.” His eyes trailed down her body then back. “I didn’t realize you worked here.”
Nor had she realized he had the initiative to invest.
Pulling out her chair, she sat across from him, reopening the file as she placed it on her desk. “I apologize for Rich not being here. He’s out sick today, but I can help you with whatever you need.”
He looked as though he wanted to refuse her help, but didn’t. Uncrossing his legs, he leaned closer to the desk, resting his elbows on his knees. “Fine. Whatever. At this point, I just want to get things started. This isn’t the first time Rich and I missed each other.”
“I can’t make out his notes. Would you mind telling me about your investment?”
Jonah held her gaze a moment before turning his head toward the window. “It’s for a project I started with some musicians I work with. Since music classes are disappearing from a lot of school curriculums, I want to make sure children can still have access to music and have resources to learn about it as well. I couldn’t imagine where I’d be had music not entered my life.”
Neither could she. He loved playing. Or at least he used to enjoy it. Which is why finding out about his career change surprised her.
“Music and children. You’ve always had a soft spot for both.” She managed to put a smile on her face as memories came rushing back. How Jonah used to volunteer at the local hospitals, playing his guitar and singing to ill children, especially around Christmas. He’d even managed to drag her and Cassie along for his last performance. 
The way those children’s eyes lit up when he’d sing had made her fall in love with him even more.
“So, tell me more about your project.”
His eyes met with hers again. A hint of a smile teased his lips. “I approached a couple of musicians about my idea and they loved it. Even got some of the record labels on board. We want to provide free music to children as one of our services. Most of the songs are being purchased by the musicians themselves. That’s how much they believe in this. We’re also going to do a mentoring program.”
Fighting to keep a smile on her face, Ally read over the file again. Or at least pretended to read. All she could think of was the man in front of her. The more he talked about his project, the more her heart ached for him.
She replayed his and Theo’s previous conversation in her mind. How they had talked about her…and her dance moves. How Theo taunted Jonah about some secret, possibly the same secret he almost revealed before his brother showed up.
But the part that hurt the most was hearing the anger in Jonah’s voice. Especially when saying he could had her if he wanted her. Which only meant one thing. He couldn’t see Ally as more than a friend. Regardless of how hard he’d kissed her. He’d been caught up in the moment. Hadn’t thought things through until logic made its way back to his mind. About the same time he pulled away from her in the hallway.
“Ally?”
The sound of Jonah’s voice ripped the thoughts from her head. But the ache in her heart continued. Especially when she met those smoldering eyes again. “I’m sorry,” she said, clearing her throat. “What were you saying?”
Pressing his back against the chair, he cocked his head to the side, letting his eyes roam her face. “Why didn’t you answer my calls this weekend?”
“I was busy.” What a horrible liar she was. Jonah wouldn’t buy it either. Not if he continued staring at her.
Gripping the edge of her desk, she rolled her chair away before standing. A few steps later, she neared the wall of windows. She wished Heidi would interrupt them. Hadn’t she told her assistant to call Rich? 
Steps sounded behind her, alerting her of Jonah’s presence. A second later, his image reflected in the window. She prayed he wouldn’t touch her. There’s no way she could fight back the tears if he did.
“I don’t know how much you heard the other night, but—”
“I heard enough, Jonah.”
“At least let me explain before you judge me.”
Anger pulsed through her body at his words. “What is there to explain? I confessed my feelings for you. You tried to tell me you wanted me, too, yet you told your brother you weren’t interested in dating.”
Jonah stepped closer. The heat of his body radiated to hers, causing her to take another step away. But she couldn’t escape his voice. “Did you know about the date he and Cassie were arranging?”
“Cassie mentioned something about it the same day we ran into each other outside the antique shop.”
A snort echoed off the windows. “Yeah. We literally ran into each other.”
Spinning around to meet his gaze, she crossed her arms over her chest. “This isn’t the time for jokes. I confessed my feelings for you. If you weren’t interested, you shouldn’t have kissed me.”
“I wanted to kiss you, Ally.” His eyes seemed to plead with her. “I wanted to make love to you, too, but I couldn’t. Not until you knew the truth. I wanted your first time—”
“It wouldn’t have been my first time, Jonah. I’ve had a relationship before.”
“I was going to say I wanted your first time with me to be special.” 
Ally’s cheeks burned until her skin felt charred. She prayed the floor beneath her would open up and swallow her. Anything to get away from the anger in Jonah’s eyes. But the anger faded to curiosity. His narrowed eyes said as much.
“You were seeing someone?” He took a step back toward the chair when she nodded. Guess she’d forgotten to mention that before, though he never asked about her previous relationships, only if she had a current one. “Was it serious?” He waited until she nodded again before continuing. “How serious?”
“Why are you asking, Jonah? I’m not asking you about your previous relationships—”
“I haven’t had one. Not a serious one.” A few long strides had him standing a foot away. His bright eyes shimmered under the lights as he leaned in to look into hers. “So how serious was it, Ally?”
Tearing her eyes from his, she looked at the navy blue carpet at her feet. “It doesn’t matter.”
“How serious?” His raised voice reverberated off the window, making her cringe. She couldn’t understand his anger, or why he’d yelled at her for the first time, ever.
Turning her back to him, she gazed out the window once more, dreading the response to her next answer. “He asked me to marry him.”
* * *
What little air Jonah had inhaled seeped past his lips as he gripped the chair. His treacherous lungs refused to take another breath, even though they burned from the lack of oxygen. But none of that mattered. Not with the news Ally just gave him.
Then another thought plagued his mind. What answer had she—
His lungs seized, unable to take another moment without air. He drew in a deep breath. A cherry scented breath. Ally moved in front of him. She clasped his shoulder, giving him a firm shake. Her lips moved, but no words drifted to his ears. Only the sound of his heart as it raged inside his chest.
He’d been a fool to believe…
“I should’ve known.” The rasp in his voice muffled the hardness of his words.
“Should’ve known what?”
“That you’d find someone. That you wouldn’t waste one minute of your life, waiting for someone like me.”
Ally’s brows shot skyward, crinkling her forehead. “What are you talking about, Jonah? You didn’t want me. You’ve never showed any interest. In fact, you made plans to leave with your brother. I tried to kiss you that night and you…”
“I told you what I had to tell you.” He gripped her arms, leaning his face closer to hers. “I had to give you a chance to live your dreams. I had to set you free. I never wanted you to go.”
A range of emotions played across her face. Confusion. Hurt. Anger. Jerking her arms from his grasp, she took a step away from the chair. “Don’t you dare pull this crap on me, Jonah McCabe. Don’t pretend like it was more. We were friends. Foremost and utmost. Remember telling me that?”
He gave her a little shake, not once moving his face away from hers. “You know it was more than that! How many times did I hold you in my arms while you cried? About your dad. Your mom. School.”
He hated the way his voice shook. Hated even more the way regret played in her eyes. “Jonah—”
Wrapping his arms around her waist, he drew her body to his, forcing her to look him in the eyes. “I held you night after night, not because you needed someone to care for you. I did it because I knew I wanted to be that someone for the rest of my life. I did it for the same reason I showed up at the train station the night you left, a few minutes too late. Because I love you, Ally.”
His eyes fell to her lips as he watched them press and part. Every second she didn’t respond increased the ache in his gut. Before he could beg her to answer, her voice cleared.
“I…I don’t know what to say. Why are you doing this? Why are you lying?”
The last chord of hope snapped from Jonah’s chest. “I’m not lying! I tried to stop you that night. Would have succeeded if I hadn’t been dealing with your drunk mother.”
The words flew out before he could stop them. He’d always planned to tell her the truth if given the chance, but not like this. Not with them yelling at each other.
Tears formed in Ally’s eyes as she slapped him across the face. “Lies. It’s all lies! Mom gave up drinking a month before I left. Cassie said she’s been sober since.”
Heat pulsed in Jonah’s cheek as he continued to stare at her, not flinching from her assault. He deserved any ounce of pain she chose to put him through. But she also deserved the truth. “Your mother may be sober now, but I can assure you of this. She wasn’t that night.”
“Don’t you dare blame my mother for this! You had a chance to tell me how you felt, but you didn’t. Hell, you could have called me after I left. You had six years to find me and tell me. Now you want to play the victim.”
“I tried to call. A couple of times. Every time I heard your voice, I’d choke up.” His voice began to shake as he moved his eyes to the floor. “Deep down, I knew your mother was right. I wasn’t any good for you, Ally. Doesn’t mean it hurts any less to know that someone kissed you before I did.” He gazed up at her mouth, remembering the warmth of her lips pressed to his. “To know that someone touched you the way I always wanted to touch you… It’s killing me.”
“You don’t think it hurts me to know you’ve been with other women? You’re such a hypocrite. I can’t take this!” she cried, throwing her hands in the air. She brushed past him, stomping toward the door. 
“Ally, wait!” He pleaded, forcing his legs to take quick steps.
Curling her fingers around the knob, her eyes darted back to his. “Get out, Jonah! I never want to see you again.”
He stepped forward, reaching out for her, but she swatted his hand away. The rejection rocked him to the core. She hated him. Disgust raged in her tear filled eyes. He’d rather have taken a beating than to have her look at him like that. 
Raising his hands in front of him, he took a step back, hoping she would change her mind. The change never came. 
“Whatever you want, Ally” he snorted, turning toward the door as she opened it. He’d made it two steps past before he met her eyes once more. “I’m heading back to L.A. tomorrow, instead of Wednesday. You won’t ever have to see me again. But it won’t change the truth. I love you, Ally. I’ve always loved you. Probably always will.”
~~~~
CHAPTER 9

Ally pulled into the driveway, listening to the hum of the windshield wipers as they passed across the glass. She could almost hear the bathtub calling her name. Could almost feel the scalding water burning her skin. What better way to help her forget the last few hours of her life?
She’d been so lost in thought that she hadn’t noticed everyone else leaving the office hours before she did. Even the drive home became a blur. 
Only one thing stood in her way of unwinding with milk and honey bath salts. The familiar figure standing at her door. She didn’t know why her mother had stopped by her house. Didn’t really care. All she wanted was to be left alone.
Killing the engine, she listened to the raindrops beat against the roof. They pounded in a rhythm that matched the ones in her chest. Strong, steady, miserable beats. 
Inhaling the berry scented air freshener, she prepped herself for the impending chat with her mother. Granted, they were getting along better than they had in years, but lingering resentment remained. Regardless of how much she fought it. She shouldn’t expect it to go away soon. Her mother didn’t.
Closing the door behind her, clicking resonated off the pavement as she ran toward the porch. She covered her head with her briefcase, but it didn’t stop the cold drops from dampening her blouse. Hopefully her mother wouldn’t stay long. Between mental exhaustion and wet clothes, she couldn’t put the bath off for long.
Pink lips curled up at her once she stepped onto the porch, but they didn’t hold the sincerity they had the last time she saw her mother.
Tightness formed in Ally’s neck. She did not have time for her mom’s drama when she needed to decompress from her issues. 
Stepping out of her way, her mother waited while Ally slid her key in the lock. “Hey, Ally-bear.”
“Hi, Momma. What are you doing out in this weather?” The door creaked open once Ally turned the knob. Making her way inside, she set her keys and purse on the end table before stepping out of her heels.
The plush carpet teased her toes, providing her a smidgen of relief. At least until her mother shut the door behind her. “Rough day at the office, sweetie?”
Unable to stop herself from snorting, she gave her mother a nod, moving toward the couch. “It was definitely a day I’ll never forget. You have no idea, Momma.”
“Oh, I think I do.” Slow steps brought her mother around the edge of the recliner. She gave Ally a quick lookover before easing down to the cushion. Each second she sat silently, body rigid and perched at the edge, Ally’s stomach churned tighter. 
“Something’s on your mind, Momma. I know how much you hate the rain. You wouldn’t go out in a downpour just to come hang out with me.”
Feigning a smile, her mother nodded. She worked her hands together as they sat in her lap. “I had a visitor today. Jonah McCabe. He left about an hour ago, after he told me what happened.”
The weight of the words sent Ally to the couch, its cushion cradling her bottom as she sank inside. Anger pulsed within her heart. Jonah had no right talking to her mother about anything they’d discussed. She couldn’t understand why he was hell bent on breaking her heart. Admitting her feelings should have been enough satisfaction for him. What did he gain by lying about the past? 
“Did he tell you about the lies he’s spreading about you?”
Her mother’s hands stilled in her lap. Parting her pink lips, she drew in a breath, releasing it just as quickly. “It’s not lies, baby girl. Everything Jonah told you is the truth.”
Each beat of Ally’s heart vibrated throughout her body. In her ears. Behind her eyes. Over her skin. If not for the ticking clock on the wall, she would swear time stood still.
“You were drunk the night I left for New York?” The knot in her stomach twisted when her mother nodded. “Why? You stopped drinking a month before I left. Why would you start again?” 
Digging into her purse, her mother pulled out an envelope. The worn, yellow tint hinted to its age. “Because I found this. It’s from your father. He sent it right after he arrived in Afghanistan. I kept it hidden in my jewelry box for years, afraid that you would find it. I think it’s time for you to read it.” 
Ally stared at the envelope, debating on taking it from her mother. She didn’t know what good would come out of reading the letter. Unless it explained why her mother picked up the bottle again.
Setting the envelope on the coffee table, her mother scooted it across the top. Ally leaned forward, letting her fingertips stroke the aged paper. Most of the ink had faded from the outside, but she recognized her father’s handwriting. She still had the letters he mailed to her.
Anxiety pulsed a wicked path through her heart. She gripped the envelope, pulling out the letter within its decrepit walls. As her eyes trailed over the cursive letters, she could hear her father’s voice in her mind, repeating each word as she read them.
Line by line, everything she ever knew of her father began to change. The man she adored more than anyone had a secret. A gut-wrenching secret. 
Fragmented sentences replayed in her mind. A new one added to the playlist the further she read.
You and Ally are my life… I’m sorry for what I’ve done… We were going through a rough patch… It only happened once… Please forgive me.
The letter fell from Ally’s hands, making its descent toward the floor. She didn’t care. Could only stare at her mother. “Are you telling me the reason you started drinking is because Daddy cheated on you? Because that’s no excuse for abandoning me all those years.”
The lines on her mother’s face deepened as she fought with the moisture in her eyes. “I didn’t start drinking because your father cheated. I started drinking because I sent your father to his death.”
As her stomach continued to roll, Ally bit back the bitter taste in her mouth. Her heart raced as much as her mind. How could her mother have been responsible for her father’s death? He’d died in Afghanistan.
Blinking away a few tears, her eyes trailed past the coffee table, up the arm of the chair until she found the courage to meet her mother’s eyes. “What are you talking about?”
 Swiping the tears from her cheeks, her mother inhaled a shaky breath. “A couple months after the letter came, your father called. He begged for my forgiveness. Promised that he would make it up to both of us if I let him. But I couldn’t answer. Told him I’d have to think about it. If I’d known that…”
Another round of sobs racked her mother’s body. Ally wanted to go to her. To tell her it was okay, but the weight of her heart pinned her to the couch. “I still don’t understand how this makes you responsible for his death.”
“I broke his heart, Ally. I refused to forgive him. He left that evening for his last mission. Jonah’s father, Michael, was in the same unit. He’s the one that told me how your father wasn’t himself, but being the first sergeant he was, he refused to stay behind.”
Ally didn’t doubt a word of it. Her father loved serving his country. Took pride in training men and women to serve and honor as well. He’d never turn down a chance to lead his men.
Pulling a couple tissues from her purse, her mother dabbed at her eyes and nose before continuing. “They were on a mission to rescue a group of children being used for suicide missions. They thought they’d cleared the house. Were even moving the children to a secure location when your father heard another child crying. He raced back into the house to find the child. A few minutes later, the house exploded.”
The walls in the house began to sway. Ally felt the carpet cradle her knees as she went to the floor, sobbing. It all made perfect sense. Her mother’s guilt. Why’d she turned to the bottle. Her last words to her husband had haunted her every waking moment.
“Ally-bear. There is more I need to tell you. About Jonah.”
Sucking in a shaky breath, Ally pushed off the floor, rising to her feet. A lock of hair fell from her clasp as she shook her head. “I can’t deal with this tonight, Momma. I just can’t. Would you please go?”
A tearful nod later, her mother left the recliner. “I’m sorry, Ally. For everything. I hope you can forgive me someday.” She watched her mother collect her purse before turning toward the door. Reaching it within seconds, she shot Ally one last look. “The most precious thing we have in life is time and love. While time may not always matter, love will. You’ll find the answer you’re looking for. If you open your eyes…and your heart.”
* * *
Swirling the glass of wine in her hands, Ally eyed the envelope again, wishing that she’d never read the letter. She could have gone the rest of her life without discovering the things she had today. Not just about her father, but Jonah as well. 
Her eyes shifted to the watch. She studied the second hand as it ticked away, knowing the time would be inaccurate. It’s where all her problems began. The second she received it. Had she not been late for the comedy show, she never would have run into Jonah at the bar. 
Unclasping it from her wrist she held it in her hands, examining the face. How could something so ordinary turn her life upside down with just the slowing of gears? This watch was cursed. Maybe it had been the reason Abigail Hamilton lost so much of her life. God knows it had stolen enough of hers.
Without a second thought, she smashed the face of the watch against the table. Hearing the glass cracking against the wood sent of wave of satisfaction through her soul. She’d rid the watch of the curse and the evil it possessed. Another swing of her hand sent the watch back into the table. And then again. The assault continued, each strike filling Ally with a sense of control. She smashed it eight times before the back casing cracked open.
Pinching the watch between her fingers, she pulled it apart. The gears continued to move, growing slower with each passing second. It wouldn’t be long before they stopped. Then she’d be rid of the gift. It would never steal another moment from anyone, least of all her.
As she shifted focus to the back of the watch, she noticed rusty debris within it. She blew at the powder, choking on the dust particles floating in the air. God forbid she just spread some toxic disease that hadn’t existed since the 1800’s. 
Turning the casing between her fingers, the light above her hit on something under the residue. Ally rubbed at the powder, removing what she could with her fingertip. When her eyes gazed back inside, engraved words stared back at her.
The heart does not see through blind eyes. Only the mind. Time matters not…
As the words replayed in Ally’s mind, she remembered them coming from Twila’s lips. How they were the same words attached to the letter that arrived with the watch for Abigail. Even her mother had said similar words before leaving.
The back fell from her fingers, clinking against the table. She stared at the front of the watch, trying to understand the message within it. Flipping it over, a trail of ice spread down her spine, crawling its way over her skin as she stared at the face. No cracks marred the glass. Not even a scratch.
It couldn’t be possible. She’d slammed the watch too many times to not leave a mark.
Tossing it back to the table, she stood from her chair, refusing to let the watch torment her any longer. She’d only taken a step away before the floor shifted beneath her, sending her back on her bottom.
She struggled for a breath, but no air greeted her lungs. Nor did the table greet her eyes. In fact, nothing did. Not even the walls surrounding her. Maybe because they no longer did. A blur of images swirled around her, like scenes of her life on a movie screen. Then her stomach dipped, as though gravity no longer contained her.
A bitter shot of liquid burned the back of her throat, making her mouth water. She prayed she wouldn’t vomit. Prayed that her mind would clear enough for her to make it to her room. Then she could pass out.
Just as quickly as the nausea hit, the urge receded. As did the spinning room. Ally turned from the table, ready to run for her bed, but she no longer stood in her kitchen. Or house for that matter.
A covered porch blocked the sunrays above her. As she stared at the outer brick wall of the home, a chord of familiarity struck her heart. Especially when she noticed the porch swing in the distance. 
While the child within wanted to run to the swing and jump inside, the sound of voices drew her attention to the door behind her. She rubbed her eyes once, swearing she must have passed out. This had to be a dream. It was the only logical explanation for the scene unfolding before her eyes.
Her mother stood with her back to the door she’d just closed. She didn’t look Ally’s way. Only stared at the young man in front of her. The young man who made Ally’s heart skip a beat.
Jonah.
~~~~
CHAPTER 10

Ally stepped closer to the door where her mother and Jonah stood. She waved her hands above her, hoping to gain their attention, but it didn’t work. Neither acknowledged her presence.
A few more steps brought her to their side, her mind equally consumed with the words spilling from her mother’s lips as much as Jonah’s.
“You can’t tell her, Jonah. Ally needs to get away from this place. She needs to be away from you. You’ll do nothing but lead her down a life of regret. I know you’ve been drinking my liquor.”
“I’d never do anything to hurt your daughter. She’s the reason I stopped drinking. That and the fact that she needs someone dependable in her life. God knows you haven’t been that person, Pauline.”
Her mother stepped closer to Jonah, peering into his eyes. “Her father wanted her to go north. It had always been his dream for her. If you tell her how you feel, she’ll never leave. She’ll follow you instead. Give her a shot at life, Jonah. She’d hate you for keeping her from her father’s wishes.”
Jonah took a step back, leaning into one of the brick posts. His brows folded over his eyes as he refused to back down from her mother. “You can’t live your daughter’s life, Pauline. She has a right to decide what she wants to do. I won’t stand in the way if she chooses to leave, but I’m not letting her leave without knowing the truth. I love her. I’ve always loved her. I know she has feelings for me, too. And your husband approved.”
Her mother gazed over her shoulder, as though she expected someone to open the door. But after a moment of silence, she moved across the porch, jabbing a finger in Jonah’s chest. “You tell my daughter anything, I swear to you, I’ll make sure she never talks to you again. It would be a shame for her to find out about you and Cassie.”
“There is no me and Cassie. There never has been and you know it.”
“I’m sure I can convince my daughter otherwise.”
Ally snapped her lids shut. Her mother wouldn’t have threatened to lie about Jonah and Cassie. Not when she knew how much they meant to her. This had to be a dream. The stress of the day had taxed her beyond her limits. She’d definitely passed out earlier. Now if she could figure out how to wake herself.
As she watched Jonah hang his head, an ache formed in the center of her chest. He said nothing more to her mother as he turned to walk away. And as his image began to fade, so did the scenery.
Another blur of images spun around her, lifting her along the sands of time. When her vision finally cleared, the rich scent of night jasmine teased her nose. A black sky stretched above her, providing the perfect background for the stars that twinkled across it.
Searching for the constellations, her eyes shifted to the low hanging branches of an oak tree. Spanish moss intertwined with the leaves, leaving a breathtaking sight. As did the couple standing beneath it.
She’d recognized Jonah the instant she saw the messy pile of dark curls. But to see the young woman standing across from him… Her eighteen-year-old image gazed at the man that held her heart, now and then.
The smile spreading across Jonah’s lips sent a scorching trail of heat through her body. His eyes danced over her younger version’s face, increasing the curl of his lips. As his mouth parted, she gripped the tree beside her, waiting to hear the words that hadn’t left her memory since the day he spoke them.
“I need to tell you something.”
She watched herself nod as the space between them began to decrease. Second by heart pounding second, Jonah’s face leaned closer to hers, the heat in his eyes as consuming as she remembered. And just when his lips hovered above hers, he pulled away.
The pain of his rejection ripped through her heart again. Just like it did in this moment six years prior. But unlike the last time, she noticed the moisture collecting in Jonah’s eyes as he glanced away.
“I’ve decided to hit the road with Theo. We’re heading to New Orleans to meet with a guy Jesse knows. It might be the break we’ve been looking for. I have to try.” 
Her younger version nodded as she turned away, moving her eyes to the ground. She didn’t need to see the way her lip trembled to feel the ache in her heart. The pain still beat a crushing rhythm.
“I don’t blame you for following your dreams, Jonah. I’ll be doing the same in a few days. I have nothing keeping me here. Just a recovering alcoholic mother and painful memories of my father.”
Ally mouthed every single word with her younger self, allowing the ache she’d felt back then to consume her once more. If only Jonah had realized the words were her last attempt to see if he cared about her. His last chance to prove that she meant the same as he meant to her.
Silence had been her only answer at the time, but as she watched the scene unfold, she realized how much the words did affect him. The way he reached for her, stopping himself short of touching her shoulder. How his chest heaved with a deep sigh when he dropped his hand back to his side.
Guess their decisions had hurt him just as much as it hurt her.
As her heart resonated in her ears, Ally closed her eyes, hating the feel of wet warmth on her cheeks. Why was she reliving this painful memory? More than that. She had witnessed a conversation between her mother and Jonah that she never knew existed.
She wanted to scream at her younger self to tell the truth. To let Jonah know how much she loved him. Even opened her eyes to do just that, but the scene had changed once more.
No longer standing under the tree, she gazed around at the crisp white walls adorned with dozens of picture frames. The blue and white flowered sofa hit another familiar chord. But not as much as the young man standing in the hallway.
This scene, just like the first, had not come from her memory. She’d never known about her mother and Jonah’s previous argument, or the current one unfolding inside her old house.
Standing a few feet from the staircase, Jonah glared at her mother, who’d just come down the stairs. She clutched a glass in her hand, sipping on the clear beverage as she started to pass him. Jonah cut her off instead. 
“I can’t do this, Pauline. I can’t go to that station and watch her leave knowing her heart is broken.”
“It’s for the best, Jonah. She’ll recover. You’re honoring a dead man’s wish. For his daughter to attend Harvard. Robert deserves that after the sacrifice he made. You need to let this go.” Stepping to the side, her mother brushed past Jonah on her way to the hallway table. She slipped her hands inside her purse searching for what Ally assumed were her keys.
Jonah refused to back down. He followed her mother to the table, leaning in closer as he inhaled a deep breath. “Is that booze I smell on your breath?”
Her mother spun around, revealing a set of rosy cheeks. From embarrassment or from alcohol consumption, Ally couldn’t say, but guilt wavered in her mother’s eyes.
“That’s absurd, Jonah. You’ve lost your mind. I quit drinking a month ago. If you don’t want to see my daughter off then go home. I’m going to say goodbye.”
“You’re not going anywhere.” Jonah’s fingers wrapped around a set of keys just a foot away from her mother’s purse. He deflected a swat from her mother, curling the keys inside his hand.
“Give me my keys, Jonah. You’re not going to rob me of this last moment with my little girl.”
“What’s one moment, Pauline? You’re robbing your daughter and me of a lifetime. Besides, you’re drunk. I’m not letting you get behind the wheel in your condition. Go sleep it off.”
Swiping at the keys dangling above her head, her mother stumbled into the table, knocking her purse onto the floor. All the contents within spilled out. “Great!” she shouted.
Jonah leaned over to help clean up the mess. As he scooped up a handful of items, his eyes hesitated on something else. A second later, he pulled an envelope from the floor, unfolding the letter it contained. He read each word in haste, moving his eyes back and forth. By the time her mother noticed, Jonah’s mouth gaped open.
Flashing her mother a wide-eyed gaze, dark curls brushed against his face each time he shook his head. “Is this real?” Once her mother nodded in affirmation, Jonah fell back on his butt. “Does Ally know about this?”
“No, she doesn’t. Nor will she. It would break her heart.”
“She has a right to know. How much do you plan on hiding from her, Pauline?”
Gripping the paper in her hand, her mother jerked it forward, along with Jonah. “This is none of your business, Jonah. Leave it be!”
Unable to keep his hold on the envelope, Jonah stood to his feet. “You should be ashamed of yourself. You sit high on your judgmental horse, acting as though you’re saving your daughter from a hoodlum like me. Knowing all the while that you’ve kept a devastating secret from her.”
“You’ll never prove it, Jonah,” her mother snorted, waving the letter in his face. “I have the proof. All you have is accusations. You’ve already broken my daughter’s heart. She won’t believe anything else you have to say.”
“Maybe she won’t, Pauline. That’s a chance I’ll have to take. Too bad you won’t be there to see how it all plays out.” He shook her mother’s keys in her face. Laughter echoed off the walls when she tried to grab them from his hands. 
 “Damn it, Jonah, give me those keys. We’ll both end up missing her if you don’t.”
Jonah sidestepped her mother’s advances, tucking the keys into his back pocket. “You can’t go anywhere. You’re drunk, Pauline. If you get behind the wheel, you’ll kill someone. Maybe even your daughter, who could have changed her mind and is on her way back.”
The anger in her mother’s face faded. Guess Jonah’s words had sunk in. Finally.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Ally watched as he curled his fingers around her mother’s arms, nudging her toward the living room. “Come on. Let’s get you to the couch.”
She didn’t put up a fight. Even laid her head against the cushioned armrest as tears streamed from her eyes. “I was trying to do the right thing. For once. That poor girl. I’ve put her though hell.”
Tucking a knitted blanket across her legs, Jonah kneeled beside the couch. “Then change, Pauline. Stop the drinking. Go back to church. Try therapy. You need to clean up your act so you can have a relationship with your daughter. Before it’s too late.”
Wiping her face with the back of her hand, her mother nodded. “Maybe I was wrong about you, Jonah. You really do love my Ally, don’t you?”
“If love means you want to give every part of your heart and soul to another person, just to make them happy, then yes. I love your daughter with every part of me. Do you, Pauline? Do you love her enough to lay off the sauce?”
“Yes,” her mother nodded, moving her eyes to the ceiling. “Starting tomorrow, I’ll never drink another drop.”
The glimpse of hope that played in Jonah’s eyes diminished. He turned his head toward the piano, where Ally stood watching the scene unfold. While she knew he couldn’t see her, she could see pain in his eyes. Could hear it in his voice as it shook. “You always say that, but you’ve never followed through. I don’t know if you ever will.”
“I will.”
Jonah shook his head again. He stepped away from the edge of the couch, making his way across the living room floor with long strides. His feet didn’t stop until he reached the archway. Giving her mother one final look, Ally didn’t miss the way tears spilled from his eyes, over his cheeks. Nor did her mother.
“I have your keys, Pauline. I’ll bring them back later, after I stop Ally. She isn’t going to New York to fulfill a dream. The only reason she’s leaving is because she doesn’t feel like she has anyone here. I’m going to prove her wrong.” The door swung open as he stepped outside, issuing out one final promise. “I’m going to show her she does have someone here. Someone that loves her. I’m going to show her she has me.”
As Jonah’s image faded from Ally’s sights, she braced herself as the room began to shift once more. Her head grew lighter with each spin. Then the sensation began to slow, filling the scenery with blurry images. And when the fog of confusion lifted, Ally found herself standing on a cement pad. A long pad that held wooden posts and a large tin roof.
The scent of oil and grease penetrated her nose. Along with a whiff of diesel. It only took her a second to realize where she stood. In the middle of the loading dock of the train station. And she wasn’t alone.
Standing just a few feet away, a man stood in front of her. Judging by the long hair that poked out from underneath his Georgia Bulldogs hoodie, he couldn’t be more than twenty. 
Inside his clenched hand lay a paper. One he held on to for dear life. Or at least she thought before he released his grip. The paper floated to the ground, barely skimming the pavement before the man stepped away. As he drew closer, she couldn’t help but notice the way his cheek shimmered in the fluorescent lights above. Her heart ached for the man. For the pain that caused the tears on his face. She wanted to ask him what caused his pain, but he wouldn’t meet her eyes. Could only blink away the tears that filled his.
He brushed by her, like she didn’t exist, leaving a juniper scented trail in his wake. Ally inhaled a breath, nearly choking on the air when she spotted the paper on the ground.
“Sir,” she called, gazing at the figure still retreating toward the door behind her. “Sir, wait! You forgot something.” Picking the paper off the ground, she turned for the door just as he disappeared inside.
Great. Either he was hard of hearing or was too lost in the pain consuming him. He should have heard her calling for him. Should have heard her footsteps as they echoed across the platform.
Gripping the door handle, she tugged it open, stepping inside the building. She’d have a hard time locating the guy if the station was as busy as normal.
Much to her surprise, white walls and wooden benches stared back at her, not a crowd of unfamiliar faces. Nor the one face she was searching for.
Glancing down at the paper, she unfolded the crinkled edges, skimming over the printed words it contained. A train itinerary. Destination, New York City on August second.
A wave of confusion fluttered her heart. She didn’t understand why the man would have an itinerary for August in the middle of July.
Searching the paper for more clues, her eyes trailed over the passenger’s name. And as she read each word, her heart seized inside her chest.
 Ally Jacobs. Departure time: 7:50pm
As she stood there, staring at the paper in disbelief, reality finally hit her. The deserted station. The train schedule. The guy with the tear filled eyes. It was Jonah the night she left for New York. He had come to see her. Had left the station in tears because he’d missed his last chance to talk to her. 
Everything he told her was true. 
The scenery began to shift once more. When it finally stopped, Ally found herself back inside her kitchen, still seated at the table with the watch in her hands. No longer split into two pieces, the scratch free face revealed hands frozen in place. One just past the seven, the other resting on the ten. 7:50 … The same time her train left the station.
A stream of tears spilled from her eyes, sending a wet, warm path down her cheeks. And just when she thought the images had stopped, one more played through her mind.
Her father stood in their back yard, decked out in his dress blues. Beside him stood another man who resembled Michael McCabe. The longer she stared at him, the more she realized it was Jonah’s father. A little boy, no more than six, stood beside him, fidgeting.
Her father glanced down at the boy, offering him a smile before kneeling down in front of him.
“You must be Jonah,” he smiled. “Your father has told me a lot about you, son.”
The younger version of Jonah gazed up at her father with bright eyes and an even brighter smile. “Nice to meet you, sir.”
Her father’s laughter filled the air when little Jonah saluted him. “At ease, soldier.” He teased.
The smile on Jonah’s lips hadn’t faded. If anything it had doubled its size. He tugged on her father’s shirtsleeve until he regained his attention. “Sir,” he said as her father kneeled in front of him again. “Would it be okay if I married your daughter someday?”
The question squeezed Ally’s heart. She watched as her father met Michael McCabe’s eyes, then Jonah’s. “Well that depends. Do you think you would be a good husband?”
“Yes, sir.” Little Jonah answered with a dimpled grin. “Because a good husband can make his wife smile, even when she’s feeling sad. He can also make her laugh more than anyone else. Your daughter already smiled at me. I bet I can make her laugh, too.”
Ally watched her father study little Jonah as a smile crept over his face. Then he rustled Jonah’s hair, giving him a nod. “I’ll tell you what, Jonah. If you can make sure my Ally laughs and smiles everyday, and if she decides that she wants to make you laugh and smile too, then I think I’d be okay with you marrying her someday.”
Little Jonah’s face lit up at the news. It only took him a second to shake her father’s hand then race off toward a little girl standing under an oak tree. A little girl she would recognize anywhere. 
The last of the images faded from Ally’s mind, leaving behind a wicked thump in her head. As a million thoughts continued to tumble, she couldn’t deny the truth in what had unfolded this evening. Her mother hadn’t just gifted her with some dusty old antique watch that kept losing time. She’d gifted her with the truth. And a second chance to right the wrongs she’d caused.
~~~~
CHAPTER 11

Jonah placed the last folded shirt into his suitcase before closing the lid. Once zipped, he wheeled it toward the bedroom door. He’d shower in the morning, then put everything else in his carry-on bag. The quicker he left this place, the better.
Stepping into the hall, images of Ally played through his mind. He eyed the corner wall, remembering the way he’d pressed her body against it. How the heat of her thighs wrapped around his waist. Had it not been for his conscience, he would have made love to her in that very spot. 
He could have avoided this had he stuck to his original plan. Sleep with her and then leave. Maybe if he were half the jerk she thought him to be, he would have. Too bad she didn’t know him as well as she thought. He’d loved her for many years. More than he could remember. Deep down he knew he could never spend just one night with her. Not when he wanted a lifetime.
But none of that mattered now. He had his last moment with her. Had his last chance to show her how much she meant to him. And he blew it. With a little help from his brother.
No. He couldn’t blame Theo for this. At least not all of it. Jonah had asked Ally to hide. All because he didn’t want to share his time with her. God knows Theo would have made himself at home, ready to shoot the breeze and talk about the glory days.
Then again, Theo’s sole purpose for stopping by was the date he and Cassie were arranging.
Sending his fist into the wall, Jonah cursed himself for his stupidity. His selfishness had cost him Ally. She’d hate him even more when she found out he’d paid her mother a visit. 
Karma definitely had a sense of humor. He’d finally earned Pauline’s respect while losing her daughter’s.
He pulled his hand away from the wall, clenching his teeth as he forced his fingers to move. At least he hadn’t broken them, though he wouldn’t have minded the pain of a fractured bone. Anything to distract from the ache in his chest.
A knock resonated from the door, drawing his attention to the sitting room. Must be Theo. Maybe his brother wanted to have a beer with him before he left. At this point in time, he’d give his brother the small stuff and hit the wet bar instead.
Leaving the suitcase by the wall, he made his way across the room. The knob cooled his hand as he gave it a twist, pulling the door open. A wave of cherry scented goodness washed over him, kicking his pulse up a notch. Especially when he gazed at the brown-eyed beauty in front of him. Ally’s dark locks fell in waves around her shoulders, accentuating the glow of her skin.
As much as the sight of her stirred his heart, their last conversation haunted his mind. Pauline must have paid her a visit. Why else would she be here if not to chew his ass for talking to her mom?
Trailing his eyes over her face, he searched for any signs of her anger. Short of her folded brows, he couldn’t sense any negative vibes. Then again, he hadn’t this morning either. He couldn’t let his guard down.
“Hey, Ally. What brings you by? I didn’t think you ever wanted to see me again.” Freaking idiot. He didn’t have to add the sarcasm. The roughness in his voice was a big enough clue of his frustration. “Sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
“It’s okay, Jonah. I deserved it, but I’m not here to fight with you.” Her eyes fell past his chest, slowly working their way down until they met the ground. “I came to apologize for being such a bitch. And for not believing you.”
The admission sent a twinge of satisfaction through his heart. Not because she was admitting fault, but because she’d discovered the truth in his words. Though which words, he couldn’t say. He doubted it was his confession of love. Maybe Pauline had come clean with her daughter about drinking. Which meant Ally had a lot on her mind. She needed the comfort of familiar arms. The same arms that held her every other time her mom had upset her.
He couldn’t deny those arms ached for her too, but giving in would open him up to further rejection. His heart couldn’t take much more, yet here they stood.
Pulling the door open, he stepped out of the way. “You can come in, if you want.”
Ally’s eyes found his again. She pressed her lips together, hesitating on taking another step. When he cocked his head to the side, she finally nodded, moving past him as quick as she could. He inhaled her sweet scent, savoring the way it calmed his racing heart. His foot greeted the door with a kick, then the lock clicked behind him.
He found Ally standing near the sofa, focused on the hallway. The slow rise and fall of her chest became her only movement. He couldn’t help but wonder if she was thinking about their last moment together before everything went to hell. Just like he had before she showed up.
Clearing his throat, he waited for her to meet his eyes, but she didn’t. “Ally? Is everything okay?”
“No,” she whispered. 
He took a step closer, expecting to gain her attention, but her body remained frozen in the same spot. “You gotta talk to me, girl. I can’t help you if I don’t know what’s wrong.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have dropped in like this. I’m sure I’m keeping you from packing.”
The heat of her body radiated to his chest as he stopped just behind her. His fingers itched to touch her. To draw her into his arms and whisper words of comfort. Pride kept the desire at bay.
“You’re not keeping me from anything. I finished packing a little while ago. If you need to talk—”
“What time is your flight?”
Clenching his teeth, he fought the urge to growl. Why did she keep avoiding his questions? She’d come here for a reason. Whatever the reason, she needed to say what was on her mind.
“Ally, why are you here? I know it’s not to ask about my flight.”
“I, um…” The air fell silent between them as she shook her head. 
Jonah curled his fingers over her shoulder, urging her to face him. She did, willingly. Her big brown eyes roamed his face before falling to his chest. Then she released a long sigh.
“I had the strangest thing happen to me tonight. I don’t know how to explain it without sounding like an escapee from the mental ward, but I swear to you, Jonah, I didn’t imagine any of it.”
The more her lips moved, the more his mind spun with questions. “Tell me what happened. I’ll see if I can help you figure it out.”
Her eyes widened at the suggestion before she moved away from him. She didn’t stop until her fingers gripped the bar. Long wavy locks swayed from side to side as she shook her head. “Do you think it’s possible to travel through time? Because that’s what this is about.”
“Time travel? As in, going to the future?” He tried to hide the humor in his voice. She was serious in what she was saying. Laughing at her would break her heart.
Making his way across the sitting room, he stepped up to the bar, counting the seconds until she looked at him again.
“Not into the future. More like the past.”
“Are you sure it was time travel and not just a memory resurfacing?”
As she stroked the edge of the bar, her shoulders jiggled from the chuckle escaping her lips. “It can’t be a memory when I was never part of the original conversation. You know the one I’m talking about, don’t you? It took place between you and my mother, six years ago. In fact, you and my mom had a couple conversations you kept from me.”
Jonah’s eyes fluttered shut. “Wow… For a second, you had me going. This isn’t about time travel, Ally. Your mother told you about those conversations.”
“No, she didn’t.” The crack in her voice had his eyes darting back to hers. “My mom did stop by, earlier. She gave me a letter my dad wrote her. The same one you read the night I left for New York. But we didn’t discuss you.”
The words were like a punch in the gut. She wouldn’t have known about that if she hadn’t talked to her mother. Why did she insist on pretending like she’d witnessed the conversation?
“I hope your mom came clean with you. About everything. It’s the main reason I stopped by to see her after I left your office. I know we can’t salvage anything between us, but I think you can with your mother. She does love you.”
“I knew you wouldn’t believe me.” Her eyes began to water as she stared into his. They matched perfectly with her trembling lips. “I swear to you, my mom didn’t tell me anything. I watched the whole thing unfold with my own eyes, Jonah. My stupid watch transported me back in time.”
Had she hit the bottle before coming to see him?
“Ally… What you’re saying is impossible. Time travel doesn’t exist. Did you fall asleep when you got home? Perhaps you dreamed the whole thing.”
“No!” she pushed away from the bar, storming across the carpeted floor until she reached the window. “How could I dream about something I knew nothing about? I saw the argument between you and my mother. The first one happened on my porch, when she threatened to tell me that you had a thing for Cassie. Then again the night I left for New York. The same night you stopped her from driving drunk.”
“Impossible.” The edge of the bar pressed into his back as he leaned against it. “Why can’t you be honest and admit that your mother told you all of this?”
“Because she didn’t. I watched you tell her how much you loved me. Saw how much pain filled your eyes when she made her threats.” She pressed her head against the window, letting her shoulders slump. “If my mom had told me, how would I know that you stood at the train station with my itinerary clenched in your hand. Or the fact that tears steamed down your face when you finally left the station. Did you tell that to my mom?”
No. He hadn’t. But he had told someone else. 
“Theo. You talked to my brother, didn’t you? He’s the only person that saw me after I left the station.”
Turning away from the window, she tossed a glance over her shoulder, narrowing her eyes at him. “I haven’t seen or talked to your brother since the last time I was here.”
The pain of that memory affected her as much as it did him. The way she avoided his eyes said as much. Did she really expect him to believe she’d traveled back in time? That she’d witnessed everything he’d confessed to her earlier? 
Pushing off the bar, his feet brushed against the carpet with each step. He didn’t stop until he reached the edge of the coffee table not far from where she stood. “You’re telling me that a watch transported you back in time to witness all this and now you believe me?”
“Yes,” The hardness in her eyes faded the longer they stared at each other. “Okay. So hearing it come from your mouth isn’t as convincing.”
He gave her a slight nod, fighting back a laugh. While he didn’t find any of this humorous, he didn’t know how else to react. Covering his eyes, he did his best to massage the tension from his temples. “Forget the fact that what you’re claiming makes you sound like a lunatic. I’m kinda hurt that you’d believe a watch over me? Maybe that makes me just as crazy.”
“It doesn’t make either of us crazy. This watch came to me for a reason, Jonah. To right the wrongs that kept us apart.”
“And now that the wrongs are righted, where do we go from here?” The gruffness in his voice reverberated around them, causing Ally to wince. “Knowing the truth doesn’t change anything. Your life is here in Savannah. Mine is in L.A. Long distance relationships don’t work. Not even for the people who try to make them.” 
“Are you saying I wouldn’t try?”
“I’m saying that I don’t know if I want to. My God, I’ve stood by and watched you walk out of my life twice. Six years ago because I was a coward. And six hours ago, because I wasn’t. This isn’t going to work.”
“I…I see.” She pressed her lips together, shifting her focus to the floor. “I, um…I better go.” Stepping from the window, she swept past him, stopping just shy of the chair. It took her a moment to meet his eyes with her tear filled ones. “You know, you were right? About what you said to my dad the first time you met him. You did make me laugh. And smile.”
All the blood drained from Jonah’s face. Ally didn’t know about the conversation he had with her father. He’d forgotten it himself. Now every word played through his mind.
Had her father told her about the conversation, she would have mentioned it before. She told Jonah everything else about her dad. That only meant one thing. The story about the watch had to be true. She knew too many details about everything else.
Footsteps sounded in his ears, drawing his attention back to Ally. Her retreating figure sent an icy chill down his spine. A few more steps and she would be free. She’d walk out of his life once more, this time for good. 
He tried to call her name, but his words caught in his throat. Maybe it was for the best. He needed to let her go. Needed to accept the fact that she’d be better off without him.
* * *
Ally knew she’d made a mistake coming to Jonah’s suite. She’d hurt him with her earlier words. Now he couldn’t forgive her. Not that she deserved his forgiveness after ordering him out of her life. 
Unable to form any more words, she gathered what dignity she had left and hurried across the floor. There was no point in staying. He didn’t want to work things out. Had said as much.
Choking back the tears, she reached the door. The brass knob pressed into her palm as she squeezed it. Then strong arms crushed hers, pulling her against a broad chest. The warmth of Jonah’s body drew out the fear and the anger eating away at her soul. And she wept.
Jonah squeezed her closer, the heat of his breath caressing her ears. “I can’t do this, Ally.” Raw emotion cracked in his voice. Then he pressed his face into her neck, mumbling against her skin. “I can’t lie to you or myself, anymore. I don’t want you to go.”
“Jonah…
He spun her around to face him, cupping her cheeks in his hands. “I didn’t think I’d get over you before. I’m not sure I did. If you walk out that door, I won’t recover this time.”
“But you said this wouldn’t work. We live on opposite sides of the country.”
“We’ll find a way, Ally. I’ll do whatever it takes. I have to.” His green eyes roamed her face, burning bright with desire. “I’ve loved you for so long, I don’t know how to love anyone else. If you feel the same—”
“I do,” she whispered, brushing his lips with her finger. “You know I do, Jonah.”
“Ally…” He released the breath he’d been holding. Longing swelled in his eyes, and his lips when they swept across hers. “Stay with me, Ally.”
She couldn’t have argued, even if she’d wanted. The weight of his body pinned her to the door. He ran his tongue over her bottom lip, drawing it between his as a moan slipped out.
The fire in his eyes engulfed her when he pulled away, the crook in his mouth hinting to his approval of the sound. Then his hands caressed her legs, scorching her skin as they slid up her skirt. They left a trail of gooseflesh in their wake. Especially when he cupped her bottom, lifting her against the door.
Wrapping her body against his, their lips met again, teasing, parting, melding. The room began to shift as they turned. Then the coolness of the door left her back. She loved the feel of his arms crushing her body to his. They held her tighter with each step he took. She didn’t know where they were headed, nor did she care. She only had one desire. To end a six-year-old ache.
Long strides brought them to another door. She caught a glimpse of it closing behind them before uncurling her body from his. Her fingers moved to the bottom of his shirt, fumbling with the edge. She needed to slow down. They had all night. She could savor every moment if she wanted to. And she would once he was buried inside her.
A few tugs later, his shirt hit the floor, followed by her blouse and bra. 
They didn’t stop there. Spinning in a circle, he worked her skirt past her hips. It tumbled to the floor as a zipper growled to life. Then jeans plopped against the carpet.
Jonah’s hands went back to her waist. The heat of his mouth left hers as he licked a path down her neck, suckling a little section here and there. She wanted him to go further. Even arched her body into his, gasping when he gave her the thing she craved. His mouth on her breast.
 He drew her nipple between his lips. One flick of his tongue sent a thousand spasms through her body. Her cries filled the air, as did the sound of cotton ripping. Jonah tugged on her panties again. The delicate material snapped on either side of her hips, sending the only barrier between them to the floor.
Wet warmth pooled between her thighs. She wanted him to lose control, to give in to the primal part of him and please her beyond comprehension.
He pulled away for a moment, running his eyes over her naked flesh. Heat burned her cheeks. She’d never been so vulnerable around him. Body and soul bared, she hoped he liked what he saw. God knows she was enjoying every rock hard inch of him.
The smile he gave her settled her heart. He pulled her back against him, locking his eyes with hers. “You’re more beautiful than I imagined.”
Her heart fluttered at the words. For the first time in years, she felt wanted. And she succumbed to the want. 
Falling onto the bed, he pulled her with him, laughing when they bumped heads. But the laughter faded. Desire returned. And in one swift motion, he pressed her to the bed. 
Cradling him between her thighs, their lips met once more, drawing out slow, sensual kisses. He held her hips, teasing her swollen flesh with his tip. She wanted to die. The way her belly fluttered each time he pulsed against her. She rocked her hips up to his, but he pulled away. If he didn’t satisfy the ache consuming her, she’d lose her mind.
“Jonah,” she whispered. “Please…” He had her in such a daze she couldn’t form a sentence. 
The need built deeper within, forcing a moan from her lips. The sound had been his undoing. A surge of fire engulfed her with every inch he plunged. She rocked her hips against his, crying out as he filled her. Unable to move, she clenched the length of him, losing herself in the spasms that worked through her body. Then he rocked his hips with hers, each thrust building the sweetest sensation deep within her. She wanted more of it. More of him. And Jonah happily obliged.
* * *
Jonah gripped Ally’s shoulders, pulling her into the speed. The faster he pumped his hips, the louder her voice grew. He wanted to hear the sweet sound. Wanted to feel her body writhing under his.
Thrusting deeper inside, he groaned against her lips when she tightened around him. Anticipation built within. To hear her shouting his name as her climax consumed her. To call out hers when he finally reached his release.
Slipping his hand between the bed, he gripped her ass, pulling her further onto him. A smile spread over his lips when his name left hers. She wrapped her legs around his waist, giving him full access to her depths. And he dove further, grinding every inch to the hilt. Ally’s legs trembled around him as he held deep, teasing her sweet spot. The more he rubbed against her, the more her legs shook. And then the sound he’d been waiting for filled his ears. Her cries of pleasure.
Wave after delicious wave of her body pulsed around him. Squeezing, releasing, quaking. Every inch of him throbbed for her. He fought to keep going, to keep his name on her tongue.
But the urge became too much. The fire she stoked within his soul blazed beyond control, and his resolve went up in flames. His groan vibrated between them. He plunged a final time, swelling deep within her. Then need overcame him. He spilled inside her, collapsing just a moment later.
Breath by labored breath, he held onto the moment, enjoying the way her body felt under his. Then he met her eyes, noting the way love shined inside them. After six long years, she was finally his. And she was worth every bit of the wait. That much he knew. Hopefully she felt the same. The way her lips curled up was answer enough.
Keeping her in his arms, he slid to the side, holding onto her for dear life. He’d never let her go again. Not after receiving such wonderful gifts. Her love. Her trust. Her heart.
~~~~
EPILOGUE

Ally tuned out the passing traffic of Broughton Street, focusing solely on the rise and fall of Jonah’s chest. Nestled between his arms, they both gazed at the quaint antique shop in front of them.
“Mystique Antiques,” Jonah mumbled in the space between her neck and shoulder, just before he kissed it. “Are you sure you want to do this?”
“Yeah,” she answered, letting her eyes fall to her wrist. A twinge of sadness stole her breath as she ran her finger over the face of the watch. As much as she’d hated it at first, deep down she knew of the magic contained within those tiny gears. 
It had been the seconds on the watch that gave her a second chance with Jonah. For that, she would always be grateful. And to Twila, who convinced her that the watch wasn’t broken. Nor was her relationship with him.
“We better hurry. We have a lot to do before the wedding this evening. If I’m late, my brother will kill me.”
Giving him a nod, she slipped out of his arms, but not before stealing a kiss. “Don’t worry, we won’t be late. I’m always punctual.”
A low rumble of laughter echoed from his chest as he swiped the watch on her wrist. “Yeah, I know. Had it not been for this thing…”
She cupped his cheek, teasing his lips with her thumb. “You don’t ever have to worry about that again. We have the rest of our lives to enjoy every single second together. Till death do us part, remember?”
Jonah nodded, bringing her hand to his lips. He kissed the golden band on her finger. The one that signified their union. Then his eyes shifted to the matching band on his finger. And he sighed. “Think Theo and Cassie will be as happy as us?”
“As long as he makes her laugh and smile, I think anything is possible.” She didn’t miss the way his lips curled before she turned toward the door, or the way his hand warmed hers as their fingers laced.
The cool air brushed her skin once Jonah closed the door behind them. Her eyes trailed over the items in the store, taking in their dusty scent with a deep breath. It didn’t take her long to notice Twila standing in the distance, or the warmth in her eyes when they left Ally’s and moved toward Jonah.
“How ya’ll doing today?” she asked with her cheerful southern drawl. Ally missed that sound. Missed the kind faces that came along with the South. It hadn’t been hard to convince John Muncy to relocate her to the L.A. office. Not after she scored Jonah’s investment account. But a part of her heart would remain in Savannah. It’s where their life together began. Even as husband and wife.
Making her way to the counter, Ally released Jonah’s hand. She unclasped the watch on her wrist, setting it on the glass counter when she reached it.
The crease between Twila’s eyes deepened as she picked up the watch. “Is something wrong with it, darlin’?”
“Not at all,” Ally smiled. “But I think its time with me has come to an end.” She gazed back at Jonah, who was eyeing an antique fountain pen. “I think someone else can benefit from its magic. I already have.”
A chuckle slipped past Twila’s lips as her attention shifted to Jonah. “Indeed you have, my dear.” She opened the door to the glass counter, working the watch over one of the displays before locking it back. Then her eyes trailed over Ally. “I have something else for you.”
“Beg your pardon?” Curiosity churned in Ally’s mind. She gazed over her shoulder, meeting Jonah’s eyes. Had he purchased something for her before their arrival? It would be just like him to surprise her with a gift. “Did my husband—”
“No,” Twila laughed, pushing away from the counter. “The gift is from me. I know that the items in my store have a magical way of bringing happiness to the people who receive them. It isn’t too often that I get to see that happiness with my own eyes. You have given me such a gift today.”
As Twila made her way to the back of the store, Jonah wrapped his arm around Ally’s waist. Then the heat of his breath teased her neck. “Everything okay?”
“I think so. Twila said she has a gift for me. Something that she wants me to have.”
“Oh boy,” he chuckled.
Ally noticed the antique pen in Jonah’s hand. Arching her brow, she stroked the barrel, enjoying the feel of the mother of pearl. “You know you’re going to turn her life upside down, don’t you?”
“Who?” He asked, trying to hide the grin tugging his lips.
“Fiona. That’s who you’re buying that for, right?”
“Yep,” he laughed, setting the pen on the counter as Twila returned.
“I’ll ring that up for you in a minute, sweetheart,” she cooed, handing Ally a box no bigger than a paperback novel. “If you don’t mind, I’d love for you to open it now.”
Nodding her head, Ally slipped her finger under the lid, shimmying the top of the box loose. The light above them hit the silver just right, sending a blinding spark toward the sky.
It was Jonah who found his voice first as they gazed inside at the rattle. “Whoa,” he mumbled, stroking the curve of the bell on the end. “Does that mean…” 
The question fell short as he choked on his words. He’d made the connection. Just like she had. The way his hand cradled her stomach proved as much.
It made sense now. The flip-flopping in her belly. How certain foods made her want to run for the bathroom. And she thought she had caught some type of virus.
Gentle laughter filled the air as Twila’s voice circled around them, confirming what both knew in their hearts. “There’s nothing like the pitter patter of little feet.”
###
Afterword

Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading Only in Time. I hope you enjoyed Ally and Jonah’s story. It’s been my pleasure sharing it with you.
The Mystique Antiques books are a crossover series that revolve around Twila and her antique shop. Although the series is fairly new, you can bet your sweet tushy that more stories are on the way.
I hope you will help spread the word about Only in Time as well as the Mystique Antiques series. Tell your friends, family, co-workers, and of course, please leave an honest review on Amazon.com.
~~~~
Other Works by Kelli McCracken
For those who enjoy paranormal romance, be sure to check out the first book in my Soulmate Series: What the Heart Wants.


Do dreams foretell the future? Are there soul connections that go deeper than love?

Dylan McBride is tired of his rock star lifestyle. Between the nosy press and crazed fans, all he wants is to be left alone...and find the angel who's been plaguing his dreams for months. Maybe longer.

When he meets Heaven Lewis, his world is turned upside down. Not only is she the girl from his dreams, he notices he can sense her emotions at any place and time.

Being involved with a celebrity is the last thing Heaven imagined...or wanted. Especially since her last relationship nightmare. Yet resisting Dylan doesn't come easy. Something about him pulls at her heart. And her soul.

Will Dylan's celebrity status be too much for Heaven, or can he convince her to surrender to What the Heart Wants?

Also by Kelli McCracken:

What the Heart Needs

Coming Soon:

Heartstrings
Essence
Soulmate Series Book 3

~~~~
About the Author

Most days you’ll find Kelli McCracken pecking away at the keyboard, sharing secret stories about those pesky little people inside her head. Or arguing with her characters about a scene. Other days she’s hanging out in her secret Facebook group with readers, chatting about books and upcoming writing projects.

“Gone are the days of quiet housewives who clean, cook, watch soaps, and eat bon-bons. We’re all about sex, drugs, and rock and roll. Scratch that. We’re about sex, chocolate, and rock and roll. Add in some great books and we might let you live in the same house with us.”

Kelli lives with her husband and children in the Ohio Valley region in the United States…at least she thinks that’s where she lives. It could be a nice, white, padded room. Hard to say with that darn vivid imagination.
~~~~
Contact Information

Website
Twitter
Facebook
Author Fan Page
Goodreads
Email
~~~~
Acknowledgments

While it didn’t take long to write Only in Time, I know it wouldn’t have been possible to reach my goal without the love and support of my family and friends. Without a good support system in place, writing is one of the hardest jobs a person can have. I’m very grateful to those who have supported me from day one and to those who believe in me.

To my husband and children. Thank you for understanding that I’m a little crazy. That I fight and argue with characters. That I have good days and bad. That I’m human. Maybe it’s entertaining to live with a nutty woman. Who knows. But thank you for living with the insanity. You will never know what you all mean to me.

To Amber, for having enough faith in me to take this story and run with it. Thank you for the long video chats, for helping me stay focused, and for teaching me the ins and outs of this industry. You’ve truly been a lifesaver…pineapple flavored.

To Elena for letting me vent, cuss, and have as many pity parties as I needed. You’ve always picked me up and brushed me off. You’ve taught me how to value each day, to be thankful every morning I wake, and to embrace the person that I am. But the most important lesson you’ve taught me is that sometimes, you just have to let it go… You will always be my rock, my best friend.

To Rhonda, for taking on a last minute editing project and for totally rocking it. You’re awesomesauce my dear. 

To Lisa, Eva, and Karen for all of your valuable feedback, encouragement, and simply for being the wonderful people you are.

To my Naughty Club. I love each and every one of you. Truly. You ladies are the reason I do this. Thank you.
~~~~
Contents

PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
EPILOGUE
About the Author

