
OTHER SIDE OF LOVE
Aris O. Ajagbe



**************
The Other Side of Love
Copyright © 2019 Aris O. Ajagbe
The Other Side of Love
By Aris O. Ajagbe
ISBN:
Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favourite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
E-mail: aoajagbe@gmail.com
Tel: +2348023789752
First Published 2019
All Right Reserved
This book may not be reproduced in any form, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means-electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording or otherwise without prior written permission of the author and publisher, the use of short quotations for personal or group study is permitted and encouraged.
Published to Smashwords.com by Ajagbe Aristarchus Oluleke




**************
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
 I extend my appreciation to my parents Elder and Deaconess Amos O. Ajagbe for their true love, care and education opportunity. I express my special gratitude to Seunfunmi, my charming wife and Emerald, my daughter for their love and support. I will like to mention my brother and teacher Stephen Ajagbe and Bayo Asoro and Dayo Matthew, they remain my first audience and fans; they read the first sets of my writings and were encouraging. I will also like to appreciate Rev. Solomon James, my coach and Mentor, and Rev. and Pastor (Mrs.) David Samuel for the messages and teachings they made available to me at the beginning of my ministry. My sincere gratitude also goes to my Publisher and Friend, Pastor Babalola Beloved John has ignited the writer in me and has helped in publishing this book.




***************
TABLE OF CONTENT
Dedication
Chapter One
Groom on the Run
Chapter Two
A Future Sold-Out
Chapter Three
Travail of Fadekemi
Chapter Four
Back To Life
Chapter Five
Enviable Lovers
Chapter Six
Gone Worse
Chapter Seven
The Genesis
Chapter Eight
Heart Aflame
Chapter Nine
The Antidote
Chapter Ten
The Revelation
About the Author
Other Books by the Same Author
Author’s Contacts




**************
DEDICATION
I dedicate my first book to God Almighty who has blessed me with creative writing skills and an unending seal to express it and to Emerald, my beautiful daughter.




**************
CHAPTER ONE
GROOM ON THE RUN
The Bride’s father handed over his daughter to Pastor Titus, like a lamb before the slaughterer. Then the Pastor proceeded to Marriage Vows and Joining. First, he read the marriage vows to the Bridegroom, who, as instructed, echoed every word after him. Thereafter, he turned to the Bride, and was about dictating the vow when the unexpected happened. 
The Bridegroom, in an attempt to steal a glimpse of what was happening at his back, was moving his face across the large congregation. He was happy seeing Aunty Rose and a few other recognizable faces. Along the line, his wandering eye suddenly met with a beautiful but strange female figure. She did not look like anyone he had ever seen, yet he couldn’t shift his focus from her magnetic appearance. He fixed his gaze on her and her looks seemed to be communicating strange but adoring words difficult to decode. Just then, he noticed a ball of tears rolling out of her tender eyes, streaming down her pointed noise, to her lips, and then it disappeared somewhere around the lower jaw. In response, his own tears began to well up on his cheeks. Like a sudden, terrifying revelation, the model transformed to his ever desired, blood-oath soul-tied, called Mercy. 
“Mercy!” Femi shouted.
Like an electrified being, the dazed Mercy turned to run. 
“Mercy!”  Femi shouted the second time from the altar. But Mercy rather left where she was and started walking fast towards the exit door of the big church. 
“Mercy, please wait for me!” he shouted again and started running after her, leaving his bride and other wedding crew with the pastor at the altar. When Mercy arrived at the gate, she looked back with her face already soiled with tears and pleaded:“Please, go back”. 
“No, I can’t. Please, come back to me,” he begged her.
“Impossible, Femi; it is Impossible.” She responded and ran out of the church compound. 
“Mercy! Mercy! Mercy! Please wait for me.” He wailed and continued shouting while chasing after an empty breeze; yes, an empty breeze, at least to every other person around except the pursuer. People around tried to hold him back but all to no avail. He kept running after the object that was visible to him alone until he was knocked down by a vehicle just at the gate, just outside the church compound. 
What a great tragedy on a wedding day! It would have been better a dream, but sadly, a reality. It was like a dream, but if it really was, Femi would have preferred to live therein forever.
  Femi took his physical attribute, height, complexion, and facial looks from his father, chief Otunba. But his rigid stand on personal beliefs and opinion was a complete reflection of his mother, Kemi. Any of the two, when strongly holding a point can go to any length to defend it. And in most cases, their actions were always on just cause. As he sank on the floor that noon, his mind went on the happenings of the past years. Left for him, today’s wedding would have been between him and Mercy. Else, he would have remained adamant to his mother’s pleading to find an alternative and get married. Even after Mercy’s death, it took him several months before he was able to make another choice. Nonetheless, he seemed to have developed a strong passion for his new found love, especially when he was able to confirm in his spirit that she was the actual substitute for Mercy.
As some concerned individuals ran out of the service to look for him, majority of the congregants became curious of what was wrong with him. It was sordid seeing the handsome Bridegroom almost lifeless in dirty water that drizzling fateful noon. 
Like most days in the month of June, it had rained throughout the previous day to the ceremony. As the cloudy canopy covering the earth unleashed torrential waters on the earth, cooks and others had to defy the showers in preparation for the wedding. And one would have thought that on the day of wedding, the illuminating globe of the sky would compensate all for the heavy outpour of the prior day, but the atmosphere was misty and drizzling. 
Nevertheless, there was absence of rain and Femi and his bride were happy that the wedding was well attended. The absence of rain must have been as a result of several prayers that were released into the air by the prayer crew of the church and the families. People turned up for the event in spite of the misty dawn but most ran into traffic jam. There was a serious traffic holdup all through the dawn till the mid-day jam.  Quite a distance from the church, and right at the church car park were ushers labouring hard to control the traffics, and to ensure that cars were packed at the right places. Cars were too many for the capacity of the car park, and because most guests have come with their individual preferences, there was collusion of interests. 
Earlier that morning, Femi personally led Yetunde’s convoy to the special lot of the Church’s car park, which was directly opposite the path that led to the auditorium. In the four-car convoy, the Bride was inside a BMW C-class, labelled “about to wed” on the place where the number plate was designed to be, with her were little bride’s maid, chief bride’s maid and others. There, they all patiently wait for the pastor to call in the Bride. 
Femi, who was already seated inside the auditorium, smiled when he got a chat from his ecstatic wife-to-be. Mostly on wedding days, groom’s heart leaps for joy seeing his bride in happy mood. After all wedding day is bride’s glorious day. While yet in the park, his bride had sent a chat to his Facebook Messenger: “Darling, indeed I’m blessed this day; so blessed. Seeing this great multitude, watching these motorists struggling to find a place at the park, trigger my heart with bubbling joys. Lord, all these people for us? ” Femi was lifting his head from reading her post when Mr. Adejumo, her father walked out of the church to fetch in his daughter, the bride. 
   Yetunde's attention caught the sight of her father, who was walking and smiling with pride towards her girl, fully gabbed in beautifully lace material-sown agbada. It was probably the first time everybody around was seeing Mr. Adejumo in such a gorgeous outfit. He was known with his usual khaki jacket, and shirts and trousers that were usually crowned with short ties. His modest ways of dressing will suggest that he was an educationist, a teacher with special interest and skill in teaching. He was one of those teachers student referred to as wicked; strict and principled, always with canes whenever or wherever you find them in school premises. He had a well-built figure, slim and tall- almost 6.5ft. He was covered with a very fair, rough, hairy skin. His upper lip was roofed by bushy wool. His two sockets and cheeks were dug in, looking quite terrific and forming parts of his dread in the heart of students. In church Mr. Adejumo was the vice president of the Sunday school teachers and was loved by everybody for his mode of teaching. Even Yetunde was happy seeing her father so handsomely garbed and she threw back some smiles at him as he came to take her to the waiting hand at the altar.
Each time Mr. Adejumo calls his daughter's name, Yetunde, his mind would roam on issues behind her name.  The name means “mother has returned” in Yoruba language, and his daughter was so named because her mother, Mrs. Adejumo, gave up the ghost as soon as she delivered her. According to the story, it was real pain for the entire family that Mrs. Adejumo bade goodbye to this world immediately she made her last contribution to life. Nevertheless, Yetunde was welcomed into the family as a substitute for her mother’s life, with sore tears mixed with joy for the new born baby. In the absence of her mother, the bride has been the joy of her father since her birth, being the only remembrance token of his late wife. If of a truth, names do reflect in fate, her case is evidence. Yetunde had really grown to be a replica of her mother - the same body shape, almost the same looks and height, and just like her mother, she was friendly and fascinating. Yetunde was 5.8 ft. she was not too fat, but well fleshy and carved in a figure that claimed a second look from every young man that comes her way. She got her fair complexion from Mr. Adejumo and that was the only visible attribute she took after her father. More so, Yetunde was endowed with a rear talent in singing - the echo of her celestial voice would last in your memory longer than the church service and Sunday itself. She was a real born-again Christian and a devoted member of her local Church. A perfect combination, isn’t it? The groom was still on this thinking line when this celebrated teacher stepped into the auditorium with his miss by his side.
As they walked in with glamour style, people rose up in adoration and applauses to honour the pair. The auditorium that was already filled to its capacity suddenly turned radiant. Relations, friends, church members and well-wishers formed fences of honour at each side as they give their standing ovation for the pair. Mr. Adejumo and his miss, the bride, danced slowly, advancing towards the altar in company of the chief bride’s maid, the little bride’s maid and tens of flower girls. It was a lovely sight.  Femi and his best man, a Ghanaian he met at school in America, were impatiently waiting at the altar. 
As they walked to the pulpit with joy, Yetunde noticed how the stones on women uniformed head ties were shining like galaxy of stars in the congregation. Her mind went straight to her mother-in-law, a social figure. Most of the women in uniform were in no doubt her guests. The fact that beauty fades with time is a defeated fallacy, when you consider the charming beauty the groom’s mother, Madam Fadekemi, who was in her late forties. Her case rightly fixed into the school of thought that says ‘cosmetics fade beauty faster than old age’. She was forty-nine years old and can still beat most girls at their teens. She had suffered so much on her son and the fact that he was holding a successful day was her dreams come true. 
Madam Fadekemi had become too pompous lately since her son returned from America. She was known to be meek and reserved. Her father Makan and her step mother were there to grace the occasion. She was fully represented in the company of her friends and relations that were fully clothed in the same one million stone lace material with the same gele as well, all in golden colour, the groom’s dress code. 
Among the hundreds of Fadekemi’s guests was Rose, her childhood friend. Aunty Rose, as the groom used to call her, was his primary school teacher. She taught him and Mercy, a girl he would have loved to marry. Femi sighted aunty rose among the crowd, where she was struggling to make herself happy in absence of her sister. With that, a painful memory of the loved one lost to a gunshot on the high way struck him again.
While the few people outside were trying to drag in Femi back to the church hall, majority of those inside were gradually dispersing. Even clergies who officiated statically withdrew to the vestry. Yetunde looked at Femi through her water-soaked eyes, and wondered what the new world she was about to step into will bring to her. But the bridegroom violently broke off from the hands of those who had gone to bring him back and ran out of the Church gate into the street, as if pursuing a great treasure, until he was knocked down and out; out for now.




**************
CHAPTER TWO
A FUTURE SOLD-OUT
One of the reasons philosophers may have to call nature ‘imperfect’ is the absence of accurate devices, designed to measure some important issues in the entire creation. When the need to make a decision comes so pressing; when you would have liked to go beyond the facade of emotional judgment into the state of inductive reasoning; it becomes so frustrating when the set of facts available at that point are series of emotional expressions and sentimental judgements of mankind. Is there standard measuring equipment that could gauge the weight of a mountain, the intense illumination of the sun and the litres of the flood of a rainfall? Such would be needful in measuring the depth of pains in the heart of a caring mother, when her child cries continuously in the middle of the night; the sharp glow that sparks up her face, when her child smiles, showing off its toothless mouth; the length of her vision for her child, the temperature of the heat generated by her genuine and unending love for the child; the PH of the volume of acid that burns her heart and melt her bones when all labour directed towards the upbringing of the child becomes futile. Without this measuring device, it may be difficult to understand the reason why Fadekemi cried all night and refused to be comforted. It would become impossible to read her disturbed feelings and why she had refused to leave the hospital. She had lost everything, her dream, her education. She must not lose Femi, her only consolation:
Kemi and Rose were actually the first two females to go to school in a village called Tontinrin. Formal education had just came into the village; not being well attended by children of the villagers because an average person in Tontinrin believed that only lazy people excuse themselves from farming for the white man’s doctrine. More so, some villagers were of the opinion that female education is useless. Though, people of other villages around had being making good use of the benefit, only Kemi and Rose along nine other boys, making a total of eleven pupils from Tontinrin attended St. Matthew Standard School at Owode.
Owode is about 45 minutes trek from Tontinrin; located at the center of eight other villages on Kuseti Island in Western region, Nigeria. It hosted the biggest market, popularly referred to as Owode Market, which was well patronized by people from other villages around and beyond the big river, every four days.
The thick forest between Owode and Tontinrin left just a narrow path for Lorries and passers-by to use. In the morning around seven o’ clock, when most of the pupils usually left for School, the path was always dark and fearful. While the sounds of chanting birds do scare some, it caused a few people to rather admire the little flying creatures. Rose, for example, always got carried away by the activities of birds; looking at the winged creatures as they fly and patch, and made nests with their peeks. On the other side was Kemi, who always got irritated by the sounding voices of flora and fauna. To her, perhaps not, perhaps it was the punishment awaiting the late comers. Some other pupils who were neither in Rose’s nor Kemi’s groups belonged to birds’ chasers group; they keep stoning the birds just for the fun of it.
It was usually fun at closing time. In that the pupils had formed the habit of leaving the school for home almost at the same time. They painted the road blue as they appeared from far. Their blue and white uniform was always a symbol of pride for every one of them. The uniform again was the reason some other young boys and girls troubled their unwilling parents to send them to school. The kids moved from the school premises in mass like an intimidating army of soldier ants, talking, arguing, running, and singing poems, among others. They do all sorts of plays in different groups and clicks but they would continue to reduce in number as the journey progressed.  By the time Bisola and Gbemi branched at the path that leads to Kendo, their home village, Rose and Kemi would be left with Gbolahon in their company. Other boys from Tontirin were always staying behind to hunt for birds and bush rats. They have been warned against that several times but would not listen. It was the advice of the every parent to their children not to walk alone by the bushy pathway and that was one of the reasons the kids were always in groups, whatsoever they did. So most times Rose and Kemi got home in company of Gbolahon, a boy ahead of them in school by two years.
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence then is not an act but a habit. When Kemi and Rose came in to the school newly and had the first examination, everybody counted their brilliant performance as one of those usual smart exhibitions of young kids. It was a major point of ridicule then at school when girls outperformed the boys. It attracted a very high rate of competition. Nevertheless, Kemi and Rose were able to prove themselves worthy of any challenge. They were friends, brilliant and beautiful. Kemi was loved by all the sisters at school because of her pretty endowment, both in appearance and intellect. Everybody knew she was a package of success. The future ahead of her was visibly glooming. That was what they thought, but fate had something else in mind for her. 
What became of Kemi was a big barricade on her success pathway. It tragically violated her dreamed greatness; obstructing her race towards attaining the ancient landmark. She had started making steps towards achieving greatness in life and her impacts were becoming obvious. People had being stretching necks, trying to peep into years ahead of her. The usual words of encouragement of such people had always being “keep it up. The sky is your limit”. 
The situation was not hoping against hope, rather it was a clear glimpse of the future; that when set in comparison with others, Kemi would outperform every other pupil from Western Region that year’s standard five final examination. The standard five final exam came and gone. Rose was one of the first five, Kemi came first. She also passed some other exams that made her qualified for the regional competition where the first ten who represented the Region in the nationwide Academic Excellence Competition were selected. Though, she couldn’t make the first ten in the Western Region rating for the Awards and Scholarship program, her fame spread all through the eight villages on the Island. Her picture was featured and an article was published about her in one of the local dailies - Alariwo being the first pupil to attain that height. She also received a token of one hundred and fifty naira from the King of Tontirin. The King was really pleased to have someone brought such a great honour to his kingdom. The hidden reward of her brilliant performance was the sudden realization of the value of education in the mind of other parents in Tontirin. Most were encouraged to send their children to school, just as other children also had a boosted morale in their attitudes towards education.
Attaining higher level of education demands higher financial responsibility. All parents and guardians know it. Makan and Chidi, fathers of Kemi and Rose respectively, were not good in position to take up the high responsibility of sending their children to Modern School. Makan did not have a wife. A lady got pregnant for him when he was still in the city and gave birth to Fadekemi. He and his daughter had always being cooks and doing so many other things together since his return to the village with his friend, Chidi. 
Though Makan had promised to sponsor his only daughter to any length in her academic endeavour, he was financially incapacitated to fulfil his promise. Letters had arrived from Modern School in Ibadan. Kemi, Rose and two other boys from Tontirin were offered admission but they all needed nothing less than one thousand, three hundred and twenty naira each for the registration. Transport fare, books and other miscellaneous expenses were also to be considered. Chidi, who seemed more resolute, had taken it upon himself like a big challenge to find the money in whatever way. He tried to meet with some money lenders but, the lenders being jealous that their own children were not educated, denied him the assistance. With that, Kemi and Rose’s dreams were threatened.
Kemi would never forget that day. She was not even sure she could forgive her father for selling her out that way. She was at the backyard of their mud house, and had just finished grounding pepper, when she was suddenly carried away in the flood of deep thoughts. She had been expecting the next instruction from her father in respect to her resumption at Modern School, Ibadan. She prayed that her father would get money enough to pay her school fees. She prayed also that her father will be encouraged to spend such a huge amount on her education. She prayed on so many things. She knew she would pay off when she graduates from the Modern School; when she would be very rich and prominent in the country. She was not ready to put a break to her education, but rather eager to make real the many prophesies that have gone in favour of her future. She wasn’t sure she could face the ridicule of her fame turning to shame. She was lost in these fantasies of a self-painted, beautiful future.
Kemi’s father had instructed her to fetch some water, ground pepper, and make eba, and had left for the stream to buy fishes from the fishermen at the bank. Only poor people ate fishes and crabs then. It was more than two hours now, her father had not returned from the river, and Kemi was too far meditating into her farthest future to be aware of her father’s unusual delay. Then all of a sudden, the sounds of her father’s voice in chorus with other strange voices awaken her from her dream land. She made it to the front of the house where she met her father in the company of three men. Seated and talking with her father were Chief Otun, a prominent chief who sits by the right-hand of the king and two other chiefs. Otunba happened to be the richest farmer in the land. Though the atmosphere around them was a lively one, and Makan was laughing with them, but Kemi, having known her father too well, began to read something else in her father’s two eyes. She knew he was confused and was only trying to cover it up with his laughter.
Kemi greeted the men with her two kneels on the ground, showing full respect for the old men as her culture demanded. The three chiefs seemed more impressed in her and responded to her whole heartedly. She went inside and brought water for his father’s guests, presenting it also on her knees. She then faced her father and said: “I have being waiting for you, hope no problem?” 
“No problem, my daughter. Take this. Go and finish the cooking.” Her father passed a black nylon to her with a brief smile.
On her way back to the kitchen, she was trying to guess what could be happening. She knew these prominent chiefs of her village would never visit an ordinary man like her father, just for the sake of it. Her mind began to ponder on certain possibilities: “Could it have being that the king has agreed to sponsor my education? Then, why is my Daddy looking so confused?” “Maybe they have come to lend us money! Eeeyah, the interest must be very high. I’m sure that is why daddy is dull while trying to smile. Poor man, I pray I will live to pay back whatever sacrifice he makes for my sake. Thank you, Daddy.” She asked and answered more questions in her mind. Finally, she found for herself a reason to be happy: “My school fees have come!”
That night, the dinner went in almost complete silence. Makan did not utter any other word aside the usual instructions. She was expecting more, she was expecting good news. The sad look on her father not withstanding; she could guess what was responsible. She was sure; it cannot be more than the interest on the loan. The interest on the loan could be unnecessarily too high, accepted, but the real news is that she should get set for Ibadan. The sound of Ibadan made her heart fly. Gbolahon has left since three days ago and Muyiwa is getting prepared. She would run to his house and tell him: “We are going together. But Rose, My God, please provide for Rose’s father as you provided for mine. She concluded the session of that brief thought with the short prayer for her friend, and said to herself: Ibadan, here I come! ”
Makan’s glance met his daughter’s several times before the end of the meal, and at each time, he looked away with shame and self-humiliation. Worry was boldly expressed in his countenance, she noticed. Kemi was becoming too anxious as a result of the delay. She cleared the table immediately they finished eating. At her exit she heard her father: “Fadekemi, wash the plates and come back to me please, we’ve got an important issue to discuss.” Happily, she exclaimed: “At last! She quickly dashed to the kitchen, got herself enough water and washed everything within few minutes. Then, she made her way back to her father for the long awaited “important issue”.
Would you call it sad news? Her family is now rich, at lease to an average level. They will never labour for any other man, they now owned a farm. They will not have to fetch water for others again; they now have their own livestock to look after. The family now has enough to eat and be comfortable. But, the big price for all these was that she had to forget her dreamed education career. No loan after all, but money was actually coming in. No interest rate was really worrying her father, but the fact that she would have to marry chief Otun, a man with three wives and so many children already. Chief Otun, a man that was older than her father. No, this can’t be true; too far from truth.
The words were too heavy for him to say. He would have liked to require the help of others, maybe Chidi, but the fear of hurting his only beloved daughter would not give him enough gut to make a decision. At last, he concluded that it would be better to have it as a family discussion. He was ready to accept his daughter’s refusal. Then, the promissory fortune at stake was a price, so big, though not too big for his daughter’s happiness. He confessed, he was confused and the confusion was really expressed in his words.
“He is giving me an acre of land with yams and some other crops planted on it. He showed me the land; it is by the stream and it is very fertile. The land has four palm trees.” He repeated for emphasis, demonstrating it with four of his fingers; “Yes, four full grown palm trees where I can tap wine for sale and for refreshment.” He paused and continued: “Chief Otun also promised to give me seven cows and three bulls; twenty goats, male and female; twenty rams; forty birds and chickens. He said he will also give me ten thousand Naira.”
“Ten thousand Naira”! Kemi resound the amount with great surprise. Indeed, ten thousand Naira was a big money in those days.
“Yes, after you must have agreed to marry him, he will still perform the marriage right fully, separately.”
Kemi who had being listening to the list with keen interest suddenly became disgusted and offended at the mention of marriage. “Marriage? With who?” She almost spited it out from her thought. But then, another thought came up within her “All this for me? This little me? Do I really worth it?” All the same, she was not ready to be an item of trade by batter. She would never give her consent for anything. The weight in her father’s humble words and the reality she found in them crashed her defence. Makan was not intending to win his daughter with words. But then, he wanted her to reason with him. It was clear that he was confused as he continued talking: 
“Fadekemi, the look on your face tells me you hated all I’m saying. But please don’t hate me for it.” He paused, took a heavy breath and continued: “Fadekemi, Fadekemi, you are no more a small child. I know I promised to send you to any length in education. Please, try and see how helpless I am. Look round and see all around us, tell me what you think I can sell to send you to school. If there is anything I can sell or use as collateral, I would have gotten the money since. It is so sad that you have to stop your education because of this. I have always looked into the future with hope all because I had you in school. I do not have wealth neither do I own a chieftaincy title in this village, but people including the King relate with me with respect. Fadekemi, you are my only source of respect. You brought me so much pride and joy. Seeing, you stopping your education were never part of my wish for you.” He waited for a long while, probably waiting for her to respond, to insult him or possibly stand, arms akimbo and shout an emphatic “NO”. But it seems Kemi was too lost to respond. Then he spoke calmly to her like a father: “Fadekemi. Fadekemi, fadekemi. How many times did I call you? ”
She waited for a while; maybe she was considering not answering, but she finally murmured: “Three times”. 
Makan continued: “Well, if you leave this for me, I may not be able to take a decision. Yes, I may have to follow my selfish interest as you may call it. You know the option I would choose. I want you to choose your choice. Please listen to your mind very, very well, I would not like you to look back to this night in the future and curse me. Please consider the fact that your father does not have enough to sponsor your education. Consider the worthless offer that may not reoccur again. 
Kemi looked into her father’s reddened eyes and her heart melted within her. She was filled with something chilled and painful, yet unfathomable. Makan escorted her streams of tears with his but he quickly used the back of his left hand to wipe his cheek. Kemi did not seem to have noticed her tears. She left the tears flowed down in line they have chosen. She knew by now that her education had stopped already. The only thing to consider was whether she was ready to marry a man older than her father in search of a fortune for the family, or she should live the rest of her life fetching water for other people’s farm and be hawking firewood. She knew her father needed it. What a better way to pay the kind hearted father? After all, that had always been part of her reasons for studying really hard.
That was so many years ago; the beginning of another facet of her life, the foundation of her marital ordeal. She never planned it that way, for she was too young to consider such a thought. The young, pretty, and brilliant daughter of Makan readily prepared to run race of life but not in the way she found herself. She wanted to run it in the book way - the academic way but she was caught up in a family trap with a big polygamous family to push through.




**************
CHAPTER THREE
TRAVAIL OF FADEKEMI
‘Mother!’ Oh, mother; a word that combines emotion and strength; a being of love and care. ‘Mother’, the womb that nurtures abstract to reality; the back that conveys newborn with great comfort. ‘Mother’ the eyes that witnesses levels of growth and development with hope and anxiety. The wellbeing of the child in your womb is communicated to you through several ashes in your system, and you say “it’s kicking.” You welcome the pains with joy and perseverance; bear the pains of delivery all alone and never thought of vengeance on the little creature that brought you all the agony. Mother, hum, mother; everybody owes you, some may try to pay you off, but no one can actually pay for all your travails.
It is frustrating to labour without result. Worse still, it is more frustrating when after one’s labour’s result came out only to disappear again because of a tragic happening. The latter was Fadekemi’s case, for, having gone through hell to secure good future for her son, and, when she was about settling down to enjoy the fruit of her labour, suddenly found herself in this situation. Kemi, in spite of all her travails, had proved herself to be a mother indeed. Kemi was a mother, so great in loving and caring. 
 The new bride, Yetunde, left the room reluctantly with two of her friends and Pastor Titus some few minutes ago, after a long while of persuasion. She was at the hospital reception with other people the first night and spent two nights. She and her mother-in-law were by Femi’s sick bed. Kemi maintained her gaze on the closed door behind her daughter-in-law and her escorts before shifting focus. For a moment, her sorrow moved from her son to Yetunde. She felt like consoling her. “What a pity!” she exclaimed. “It’s a worry thing that this little damsel found herself mourning at the morning of her marriage.” 
She could understand how beautiful her son and his wife would have painted the moments if things had worked out fine. It is ridiculous how concrete plans change. Going by plans, Femi and Yetunde should be spending their honeymoon in a prestigious resort in the country. All arrangement has been made and all bills settled including the night flight tickets to Port Harcourt where the couple had chosen to live their first few weeks of the new life they’ve just been initiated into. The memories of her early months in marriage came back for retrieval. Those days were really splendid. She was adored; she was pampered, almost spoilt. 
Fadekemi’s wedding was the best in history. Not because she was one of the youngest to get wedded at the time, no. Not really because she was educated. The total amount spent on her as a wife was enough to settle the bride rights and the pride price of one hundred virgins at the time. Invariably, you can say Fadekemi worth a hundred marriageable damsels in all the eight villages on the island. Even when chief Otun said most of what he gave to his father-in-law were just mainly to get his consent and that of his daughter’s, that the bride price was not too much compared to others in the village. Many actually believed Fadekemi worth more than all of that.
For three month after wedding, Fadekemi remained indoors. Two slaves were assigned to take care of all her needs. She had nothing to do than to eat, take her baths, show off in new cloth each day, and go back to sleep. Chief Otun was not even in hurry to sleep with her. At first, she wondered why someone would spend such a huge amount of money on just having her under his roof. She did not understand until she started attending meetings and occasions with him and realized the level of respect accrued to her husband all because he had her by his aside. To her amazement, Chief took with him the newspaper that published the article about her wherever they went. Anytime people wanted to start arguing: “She is the one”; “No, she cannot be”; “See, that one was not old as this” in his usual response to such agreements, Chief will bring the newspaper out as an undeniable proof.
Unlike so many other housewives, Kemi did not have to do any running in the village. She neither went to market to buy stuff nor stream to fetch water but lived as a queen. More so, Chief had a well of water dug in his compound and there were slaves that did all the works for her. The only thing that would have soiled her image was cooking. Her husband found it disrespectful for him to eat what a slave cooked. Other wives knew that, and they waited expecting ‘Sisi Akowe’, as they jealously tagged her, to cook with pencil and ruler. They all expected her to flop, but she surprised them all and impressed her husband the more. 
Since she had nowhere to go, Kemi was infrequently seen on the streets. But whenever she was going to see her friend, Rose, or her father, she walked in the company of slaves. In such times, villagers came out from their house to greet her with respect. Nonetheless, there were some young ladies who insulted her and father, name-calling her family as thief who made themselves at the expense of a rich in-law. Kemi only regarded all that as normal feminine exhibitions of envy end jealousy. The only one that made her cried was the lady that called her ‘short sighted’; confronting her that she sold her future because of a temporal wealth.
Fadekemi’s view browsed through the posters pasted all over the walls. They have become too familiar with her. She had read every of those medical information on the papers a million times. The smell in the hospital hall ran through her nostrils down into her intestines, causing aches in her stomach as she remembered the words of that lady: “leave her alone”. The lady had interrupted her two other friends: “She thought she is enjoying now. She is only short sighted; she sold her future just for a temporal wealth. Her eyes will soon open”. Kemi knew how heavy those words were at the spot but that was too little compared to what became of her.
The gallivanting did not last a year. Every carnival and celebration of the new wedded wife was over and Kemi was left with the reality of life. Just as prophesized, her eyes were opened and what she found was her life crumbling on her very person, and that was in no way bearable.  
Kemi got her first shock when, after the wedding, she realized the Chief couldn’t perform well in bed. Other wives who were in the knowing of Otunba’s weak ability in performing his matrimonial right started mocking her. And their mockery became intense when she couldn’t get pregnant at due time. More grieving to her was Chief Otun’s displayed ego; trying to conceal his weakness, and would not own up in public that he was responsible for Kemi’s inability to conceived. She knew he was just trying to avoid being a big shame on his reputation. The Chief knew he had lost his youthful strength. How then did he expect the innocent girl to perform a magic of child conception? 
Then, the intrigues- on many occasions, Kemi’s senior wives accused her of charming their husband, and stealing his heart away from them. Even the children of those wives sometimes ganged up against her, claiming their father no longer pay attention to them. And the extended family also, who repeatedly made mockery of her, calling her ‘a male dog' that can never produce a child. Chief Otun himself got fed up with all the intrigues and insults. More so, he needed a child as a proof to the hitching ears of villagers that he was yet a complete man, even at sixty plus. 
Kemi was quite sure it wasn’t what she perceived in the hospital that was causing all the aches in her stomach. She sent her gaze round the ward carelessly until she found a wall clock. It clicked 10.45 P.M. She raised her head up, fixing her eyes on the ceiling and suddenly remembered the night, about this time, when Chief was not around and she was asleep already. The bangs at the door woke her from sleep. By the time she opened the door, two of her immediate senior wives barged into her room with their children, boys and girls, and started beating her. After this, they brought her out to be pounding leaves in a mortar. She was molested. She really was. 
At a time, Kemi preferred walking on the streets and spending time outside than staying at home. That was where she found a measure of peace, home was hot. Instead of sending for the lady that had always made hair for her, she would go and meet her at home. She also engaged in so many things that took her away from home. Respect and adoration welcomed her wherever she went, but all that was outside Otun’s family compound. Even those that were expecting her to regret her marriage have retreated. They all thought nothing was happening since she would not wear it on her face. Therefore, everywhere she turned, people regarded her with respect. They called her ‘lucky lady’, ‘favoured Jewel’ and more other positive nicknames, certainly because her problems weren’t obvious to them.
Kemi’s problems would not have been too painful if Makan, her father could reason with her. It was as if he had bid her good bye totally from his life since he handed her over to Chief Otun. Perhaps the reason was because he now had a new wife and was always on the farm tilling the soil and feeding animals. He would never accept that Otunba was sexually weak or her senior wives actually maltreated her. All her father will say was that “you are no more a child, as you enjoy some things, learn to endure others. A marriage is a deep blue sea. You need to sail through with patience and perseverance’’.
Fadekemi had remained in the hospital by her son’s bed. She saw Femi as the only compensation life had for her, and had refused to eat anything, not even water. Her eyes ached. Her head was heavy. She had lost sleep for the past four days, and that was after all the stress she had gone through in the preparation for Femi’s wedding, with the hope of taking some rest after it. She needed to rest, she knew she should. But leaving her son in such a helpless state of health was a sacrifice she found too much to make. 
As she sat beside her son’s bed in the hospital ward, she thought of all she went through in her marriage to Otunba: so many sacrifices, so much in prayer, diverse enduring situations and unbearable hardships, countless conspiracies and insults suffered from other wives and their children. And as water welled up from her broken spirit and streamed through her pale cheeks, she queried: “But why now? Why now when my son was at the peak of glory? Why now when the fruit was ripe and harvest was near? Why was my son knocked by a vehicle on his wedding day?” Her voice of lamentation resonated as she looked upon Femi, who laid almost lifeless on the hospital bed. The hope of continuing in her journey in life without the boy looked weird.
Kemi’s heart was heavily loaded with marital woes, and yet she seemed to have no one to offer her the relief so needed. The only person she would have ran to was Rose, but she has gone to Ibadan. Makan gave Chidi one thousand and five hundred naira out of the ten thousand naira he got from chief. That was more than enough to cater for all her school expenses. Kemi also added some more for Rose and promised to continue whenever she was going back to school. She had sent a letter to Ibadan. Rose mother, Ifeoma was going on visitation and Kemi snatched the opportunity to put her mind on paper. That alone half-solved her problem to a level.
In absence of Rose, she was left without a comforter. She was locked up in a paradise full of wealth she had always dreamt of but void of peace and joy she used to have in abundance. She found herself trapped down by indecision, self-pity, and short sightedness. She had herself to blame for accepting her father’s words. But again, she felt she had no option. Will she have made it to school if she had refused? Of course, no; she needed someone to tell her “you made a mistake, you were wrong”; and to tell her why and how. And if there is anybody who felt she made a good decision, she wanted a good reason to hold on to. At least, let her have something to defend herself against her critics’ guilty battering.
“Good afternoon.” Nobody answered her. 
“It is you I’m greeting.” No response again.
“Please, is Kemi around? I mean Fadekemi” 
“Don’t you know her room again? Please leave me alone joo. Just carry your stupid legs away from here before the count of three. See her, ode. Just look at her, does it mean they don’t read manners in their school?” Kemi’s senior wives and some of their children in Otun’s compound responded discourteously. 
Rose was not surprised; the letter she got from Kemi had spoken it all. She saw how the flame of the jealousy burn in a polygamous home. So she left them outside and made her way through the big compound, entered the passage to Rose apartment. She was about knocking her friend’s door when she thought looking back to see if the illiterates women were still insulting her. And when she did, what she found for herself mimicry of real drama. The women and their children were trying to walk like her and talk like her, all in mockery. Then she shook her head and said: “If they can do this to me, Kemi, haa Kemi. What a poor girl, Kemi!”
It was as though light had just shown on her dark mind. Kemi felt her burden half solved as she heard the voice of her long time missed friend from behind the door. She flung the door open and hugged Rose with tears. 
As the two friends sat in friendly bond, it was a confirmation of the thought that says: “when you see your friend, you become a talkative. When you see your lover, you’ll become a poet.” Kemi went from one topic to another. At a point she wanted to cry but Rose quickly took over from her and started telling her how Ibadan was –history of the municipality, its population, native people, culture, and level of civilization. But as she was trying telling the entire school story, she noticed that Kemi wanted to cry, and had to pause. Kemi was really happy for Rose. Indeed, she was a lucky girl, who had no problem as big as hers. 
After a while, Rose changed the topic; she introduced Christ to her friend. According to her, only Jesus can save and deliver her from her problems. “He will bring solution to all your problems, no matter how big they are.” That was Kemi’s hour of decision. 
The memory of the day Rose introduced Christ to her brought her a smile right in that hospital ward, and even with her son half dead. She took about four steps and seated by Femi’s bed again; observing the bloodstained bandage in his head. She tried to force a smile out in the streams of her tears but what a half-hearted smile. She took a four round of sneezes almost simultaneous but that only increased her headache. She then looked at Femi again and it was a beginning of a new season of yelling.




**************
CHAPTER FOUR
BACK TO LIFE
Far away in a planet unknown, she knew she was hearing a familiar voice. Her eyes were too heavy to be opened and she was too weak to lift her head. The voice continued communicating with other strange voices and yet Kemi was not willing to cut her sleep short. The sudden sound of a tin of Milo on the ties forced her out of her comfort Zone. When she finally lifted her head from where it was hung, her eyes were opened and she found Rose, her husband, and pastor Olugbenga. 
Rose, who was trying to arrange some provisions she brought for Femi, finished with it and placed by his head a greeting card with an inscription ‘Get well soon’.
Some of the people were strange to her after all. She had been a family friend of Rose since it started ten years ago. So Mr. Charles was well known to her. As Kemi set her eyes on Pastor Olugbenga, she almost jumped out of the bed at him, like that widow of old, and say: ‘You prayed for me before I could have a child. This is the child; please pray again that he may live’. Her mind was still rehearsing how to put such words in a better way when she greeted: “Ha, good morning, Pastor, and you also Rose, and Brother Charles. I thank you all so much.”
Kemi’s next move was to face Pastor and say her mind, but the man of God read her mind, and said: “Good morning, Mama Femi. Your son shall not die but live and declare the works of the Lord”. He looked round and implored, “Let’s pray, please.” Rose and her husband closed their eyes, while Kemi was still looking for what to cover her head when she noticed that the cloth on Femi had moved away from his head. She was scared. Nobody touched the cloth, but how did it happen? ‘In Jesus name’ pastor started praying. But instead of saying ‘Amen’ in chorus with others, Femi responded by shouting: “Mercy! Mercy!” And all of a sudden, he rose up and was wondering how he got to where he found himself. As the people around were looking at him, wondering in great surprise, he spoke further: “Mummy, Aunty Rose, where is Mercy?” Pastor Olugbenga’s shouted: “Praise the Lord,” and the couple responded with “Halleluiah.” Kemi drew closer to her son with open arms, and welcomed him back to life.
Nurse Amina was very surprised. It was just yesterday, doctor was telling her he wasn’t sure Femi could survive the next forty- eight hours. The healthy Femi she met on the bed was a miracle, and she openly confessed it: “This is a big miracle”. 
“It is o, God be praised” Kemi responded with joy. 
Nurse Amina cleaned the scars on his forehead, ministered some drugs to him and did some recordings in the files, before leaving the room.
Femi was born out of God’s miraculous working. It was becoming obvious to Kemi that left to human knowledge; Chief Otunba might not be able to produce what it takes to fertilize her eggs for a reproduction. And the pressure was becoming too much on her. She cried to her friend and Rose took her to Ibadan where Pastor’s church was located. The simple instruction was that Kemi should take up a three day fasting and praying, which she did. She actually prayed her heart out like Hannah in Shiloh. Three months later, the doctor confirmed that she was two month pregnant. She would forever be thankful to the Almighty God who specializes in making way where there is no way, who alone makes hope out of hopelessness. And also to the man whom God used for her, and to Rose her true friend. Yes, Rose was to her a friend more sincere than a blood sister, a friend who introduced her to Christ and connected her to her miracle. 
That was the more reason Kemi could still tolerate her at the hospital after all that happened. But the continuous reoccurrence of Mercy’s name in the perils of Femi was about putting a stop to the tolerance. The name Mercy was well known to them all. She was loved by everybody until she became a controversial point of reference in the two families. She was the reason the divided families came back as one after so many years. She was the reason; the most precious Femi almost committed suicide. And now, she was the same person Femi shouted at the altar during his marriage program before been knocked down on the same day. ‘Why?’ ‘Why Mercy?’ ‘Why won’t she leave Femi alone and face heaven or wherever the city of the dead is?’ ‘Why?’ That was the question in the mind of everybody, even Rose’s. She was afraid of losing her friend Kemi the second time.
Chidi went into palm wine tapping shortly after his friend Makan gave him three of the palm trees on his farm. He had an idea of a beer parlour business from the city. So he got an outlet and started selling palm wine. He also supplied people in large quantity on special occasions like weddings, naming ceremonies and the likes. His business grew rapidly that he and his wife decided to employ the service of local singers. The performances of these singers boosted the sales at the shop. With that, two friends that were used to be the most wretched in the village climbed up the ladder of success to be among the average. That went for about two years, before Chidi broke through the bridge between the average and the rich and became the richest man in the land.
The money had started coming in bits. All these while, his wife, Ifeoma, who was carrying a seven month old pregnancy, was sick. She was on the sick bed for months before she delivered her last daughter prematurely and died. Her last issue was named ‘Mercy’.
She was the last daughter of a multimillionaire. Femi’s father also had his respect as a very rich farmer. She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth; having the world at her disposal. He was comfortable but yet struggling to survive against so many odds. She was arrogant, wayward, and seemed fulfilled with what she had. He was cool, brilliant and ambitious. By all standards, Femi and Mercy were directly opposite of each other. And if of a truth ‘opposite poles attract’, theirs was a good example. 
Femi was three years older than Mercy but was ahead of her in school by just a year. At the time Femi was resuming school, there were many schools in the Island already. Two different schools founded in Tontirin, and few others in the neighbouring villages; the first of all remained the best - Saint Matthew Standard School, Owode. Rose had finished from the college and had been employed as a teacher in the school. Thus, she used to take him in her Peugeot 505 to the school in the morning and brought him back in the evening. The next year, Mercy joined him. 
From that first morning, Femi knew he was going to have problems with the girl. That was not the first time Femi was seeing her. She had come with Aunty Rose on few of her visits to Otun’s compound. Femi had also accompanied his mother to Atunluse villa, the biggest castle in the whole of Tontinrin, where Mercy stayed with her sister and father. He was also at the castle when she celebrated her fifth birthday few months ago. On that Monday morning, Femi and Aunty Rose were already in the car, when Mercy joined them, and cried half the journey to school. When she had exhausted herself, she faced Femi: “Looked at his face. You think I don’t know you. You ate my cake that day.” Femi kept looking with amazement: “What kind of troublesome being is this?” he asked himself. Thereafter, on a particular morning, as Femi wanted to enter the car she snapped at him: “Don’t you have a car in your house? You will always come here every day.” It was Aunty Rose’s interruption that settled that session that morning.
As Yetunde and her father entered the room, guilty conscience almost killed Femi on the spot. How would he have left her at the altar and run away? The smile on Yetunde was a dosage of relief for him. He felt sorry for what he had caused her. He really wanted to put everything about Mercy behind him but everything seems impossible. The more he thought of it, the more helpless he felt.
His feelings for Mercy started long before he realized it. He had always regarded her with sympathy. From her ways of life, he knew she did not have somebody who could give her words she needed to hear. From what his mother have been telling him, no human lives the way Mercy was leaving and succeed in life. No boy or girl who prideful relies on his or her parent’s wealth becomes something good in life. He wanted to talk her out of her pride. The urge was too much for him to resist. But he knew he had no word sufficient enough for him to say it all. Times without number, he had excused Mercy with the intention to convey his message but on each occasion, he failed. He was really disappointed in himself. And with that, he gave kudos to his mother, she had never mix words; always presented her words precise and accurate, hitting the target.
For some time, Femi gave up trying. He faced his standard six exams and left the school for Modern School. In not more than a year, Mercy met him in the same school. The new Modern School was located in Tontinrin. It was through Chief Atunluse Chidi’s connection that the Federal Government had chosen Tontinrin for the location of the new school. In the school, Mercy grew from bad to worse. No teacher was ready to beat her. No student dare look her in the face. Aunty Rose cried times without number that her sister deserved punishments. But everybody knew how precious chief took his girl. Beating her means risking one’s appointment terminated and getting her favour was tantamount to securing one’s appointment with some goodies from her father. And so, ‘the servant of the controversial master must apply wisdom’.
Mercy wasn’t really bad. She was just the type that always wanted to have her way in every situation. She had men and women of her teachers’ age and qualifications as servants, so she had lost every sense of respect. She had money, fame and power; no one could argue with her in anything. But anybody that found her favour became favoured. She would assure that the person was satisfied. She would always long to please the person. So everyone in the school wanted to be her friend except someone, Femi, who had always avoid her. 
Femi also had his measure of fame. He was the genius in the school. When it came to academic performance, every finger pointed back to Femi. He had been a consolation to Kemi on that.
The rate at which boys ran after Mercy in the school baffled Femi. He wondered what they found interesting in her. It was clear that they were all gold-diggers. One of Femi’s friends, Bayo, had told him so many times that it seemed Mercy loved him. Bayo was trying all he could to get Mercy but whenever he was with Mercy, she kept talking about Femi. She never said it in pretence, but in plain words: “That your friend, Femi is something else. He is different. I know so many of my friends that are ready to die for him. Maybe that is why he is not looking my way. Have you ever noticed? Everybody loves and respects him, tall, cool, intelligent and famous.” A few times, she had put her two hands on her chest and remarked:  “The guy is a perfect match for my taste.”
“That is normal, she is my sister.” Femi would retort.
“She is not taking you like a brother. She needed something more. She is in love” Bayo would press his point harder. “I know you are not ready for that kind of affair, but we can still eat her money. Can’t you see she is rich?” 
“I take her as a sister and I should protect her, not eating her. Listen, Mercy is my sister and that she remains.” Femi often responded. But deep down in his heart, he was confirming his mother’s usual words that “love doesn’t attack just one’s heart, it comes in pairs and shares itself into two different hearts”.  If you love someone and the person does not feel the same way, reconsider yourself. It may not be love. And, the best way to confirm if someone really loves you is to look inward. If you don’t love the person, the person could not have truly loved you.”
It was a joyous gathering at the hospital. Femi was okay and was now eating. It was another big miracle that no one could explain how it happened. Just before his miraculous healing, the doctor was considering whether to carry out an operation on him. If that operation fails they might lose him and if they did not perform the operation in the next two days, they might lose him also. Meeting him seated, eating, and talking was more than what the doctor could explain medically. But then, he had to do some professional cover-ups: he said he noticed it that Femi had a very active set of hormones that could make him recover without any serious medication. But Kemi knew that it was the hand of the unseen God that healed her son. The mighty Hand of the God, if not, “who removed the bandage off his head?”
As Femi switched his gaze from the plate of rice he was eating, his eyes met with those of Yetunde. Though she tried to give him some encouraging smiles, he knew that she had so many questions for him: “Who is Mercy?”; “Why calling her name?”; “What was the matter?”; “For how long were you...?” All these questions he had repeatedly answered before. He maintained eyes contact with her even when Dr. Bolaji was carrying out brief checkups on him. The doctor, passing through the space in-between Femi and Yetunde on his way out of the ward, said: “Let us put him under inspection for the next two days. He should be ready for home on Tuesday.”  His words literally filled the room with hope.
Femi, having disengaged his eyes from hers, tried to look inward again: “Do I really love this girl, Yetunde?”; “Do I still have a space left in my heart to love another?”; “Am I still with a heart at all?” But the questions only provoked deeper confusion in him. He tried to get answers but couldn’t. He wished somebody could answer for him, for he needed right answers so urgent. But for real, no one could answer him in his mind. No one; Perhaps Mercy herself could.
Of recent, the urge to sit Mercy down and talk to her had come over Femi again. This time, it was becoming irresistible. Femi had been looking for the opportunity and none had presented itself. On this day, Femi and Bayo were coming up on the staircase of the school Complex, Mercy and six of her friends were going down the case. Immediately they met, Mercy brought out an invitation letter and handed it over to Femi: “I’m not supposed to give you IV before you know you should come to my birthday, big brother. But since you were not around last year, I thought of inviting you specially.” Mercy’s voice was moving with rhythms that Femi found uncomfortable. 
“Can I still make a choice?” Femi asked and Mercy nodded in affirmation. Then Femi explained: “I have a speech to make at the school press week that is coming up the next Monday. I will need the whole of this weekend to prepare for that. Sorry please, I’m disappointing you again.” 
In response, Mercy said: “This is an honour I’m offering you and instead of you to appreciate it, you want to throw it back at me.” 
“I’m sorry. Please try to understand. Okay, Bayo, my friend would be happy to represent me if you don’t mind.” Femi considered. 
Mercy looked straight into the tall figure in front of her, and felt humiliated. She had never been treated like that in all her life. She flashed her eyes on him and alleged: “You hate me. Don’t you?” And tears gushed out on her face.
Femi was shocked he quickly cleaned the tears up and hugged her. They were in each other’s arms for several seconds, and she felt comforted in his arms. Though Femi’s mind was asking him, “Have I not gone too far?”, in the meantime, Mercy’s friends were felicitating the scene with amazement, Bayo was getting hotly jealous.  
It took Femi quite a while before he could find the gut to gently get off her. As he pulled out from her, he suggested: “Maybe you should come to my place so that we can talk things over. Attentions are getting too much on us here.” His voice rang with a maturity that Mercy had always adored. 
She answered back with a weak smile; “I will come over this evening. Right?”
“Alright. I will inform my mom of your coming.” Femi assured. 




**************
CHAPTER FIVE
ENVIABLE LOVERS
Mercy and Femi made an enviable pair in Tontinrin Grammar School. Everyone had something to say about them. They were always together and so fun of each other. Nothing was secret about their affairs except the fact that people will not believe they’ve not been sleeping with each other. Mercy had started coming to school earlier than normal. She now attended school regularly and was always found in library with Femi. Mercy’s driver had to take her to Otun’s house where Femi will be waiting at the gate and together they’ll cruise the wheels down to school. Femi on the other hand could seldom go to library without her. He even claimed that he enjoyed reading in her absence but that was a lie. He was usually empty in her absence.
On weekends and holidays, Mercy had stopped being abroad freak. Before she started dating Femi, she wanted to visit another country for shopping every holiday. To her, being with Femi by the river was more than being at any of those beaches in Florida. She preferred running after chicken in her compound and throwing stones at birds in the bush to playing with pigeons at Trafalgar square, in London. She wanted to be with Femi, go to the bush and talk all day, run and trap birds together. That was all.  They were sometime found at the river, catching fishes or just sitting side by side in atmosphere of affection. 
Some other times, Femi and Mercy would stay with Fadekemi in her room listening to her words of wisdom. Anytime they were not physically together, their spirits were always together. They were so soul-tied to the extent that they dreamt about each other at night, and was impossible for any of them to talk or discuss anything without mentioning the name of the other: “Femi said this”; “Mercy said that”; “I love this. I’m sure Femi will love it too”; “You can’t believe this, Mercy is a genius!” Indeed, they were deeply in love. One was a complete reflection of the other yet they remained far different.
One Sunday evening, while Femi was seeing off his lover on her way back to Atunlese Villa, his mood suddenly changed and calmed. Mercy instantly observed.
“What happened Femi, why are you looking at me that way?” she enquired.
Femi looked away from her anxious face and replied: “I, I don’t know how you will feel. But I will be very happy if you can understand Mercy.
“What is it?” she asked.
He hesitated but finally forced the words out: “I don’t like my performance in the Continuous assessment. My class teacher showed me on Friday. And as you know, I only have two weeks to my junior WAEC [The school programs have been adjusted into 6 - 3 a year ago]. We may not continue to see as usual for the next two weeks, but on my request. Whenever I’m free I will check on you. My exams are going to last for five weeks. During those weeks I can’t tell if I will be chance at all.”
Mercy’s ear grew heavy. Looked through the dark night into the next two months, and feeling a mention of two months sounding like two thousand years, she responded: “And you think I will survive the long break?”
Femi felt her words, and spoke tenderly: “Common, you can still be coming to pick me up, I’m used to seeing you every morning.” He pulled her to himself and gave her a kiss on the forehead.
For Mercy, it wasn’t easy at all. It was as though she was locked up in an empty field, finding herself lonely and down, even amidst the crowd. All through the two months, it seemed as if each day was lengthened and each night lengthier. She appeared to have so many free hours - those hours she used to spend with Femi. She began to wonder what she used to do with those hours before she started going out with Femi. She resulted into watching films, reading books, and spending more time with her dad and sister, Rose. Sometimes, she visited friends, other times she stayed indoors, sleeping. Day in, day out, she seemed getting used to the new monotonous way of life. 
Many people noticed they have not been seeing Femi and Mercy together again and many of them began ask him questions. His usual response was: “I need more time for my exams.” And when such people asked Mercy, her answer has always been: “He said I should give him some space to concentrate on his preparation for his Junior WAEC.” During the break time one day, in response to Mercy’s answer to her girlfriends, one of them resorted: “Why must you be the one to excuse him? Why not Dorcas?” hearing this, Mercy instantly picked up a curious look. But before she could say anything, another girl interrupted, replying the first lady: “You know, Dorcas cannot disturb him now. Hum! See, maybe he is through with our friend.” Mercy snapped with a harsh, probing voice: “He is through with Me? And, please… who is Dorcas?”
Dorcas, the daughter of the Vice Principal, was another bookworm in Femi’s class. It was believed by many that Femi was going out with her before hooking up with Mercy. They were both prominent members of the school Press Club. On so many occasions, she had successful struggled with him in some subjects but Femi had always been ahead of her in the overall result. Before Mercy started going to the library with him, he had always been seeing with Dorcas, almost every time in the library. Being avid readers, they both enjoyed reading and sharing knowledge together. Femi knew he needed Dorcas’ company in preparation for the coming exams and had returned back to her since his temporary break with Mercy four weeks ago. And this then gave birth to a big question in the school: “What happened between him and Mercy?” And the general answer on the mind of everybody was that ‘Femi can never settle down with a girl of the kind of Mercy’s lifestyles. He had gotten what he needed from Mercy, sex and money. Now the wise boy has gone back to Dorcas, a lady of matching character, values and mindset”.
Femi had a feeling for Dorcas but it was a passion of mere admiration. This was unconnected to the fact that she was the first girl he ever seen very serious with education; the only person that had ever scored more than Femi in any examinations. She was even competing with him for the first position which Femi considered a-border-violation attempt. As close as they were, Femi never developed romantic feelings for her. He was not the type and Dorcas was not either. They were both academic and purpose driven.
Since the exam started four weeks ago, the two friends only came to School together in the morning, in Mercy’s car. After School hour, Femi used to stay aback till evening time. This made it difficult for Mercy to meet and ask him for an answer to the questions on her mind that day. She was really burning within, that the next morning, she carefully arranged her points, and praying for the grace not to take it too far. “We can settle things amicably as friends,” she had cautioned herself. But by the time she got to the gate, she did not meet Femi at the usual place, so she had to go inside. She greeted Aunty Kemi who was spreading cloth outside, who cheerfully responded, and directed: “Go and meet him inside, my dear.” Mercy went in for her search, but to her disappointment, Femi told her he was not going to School that day; he had no exam paper. He had told her while they were going to School the day before, but the situation at hand had made her forgotten. She wanted to ask the questions there but she cautioned herself, Aunty Kemi was around.
Later that day after the closing time, Mercy was whiling away time with her friends. She wasn’t in her usual mood and those around her could guess the reason ‘Heeayaah’ they were saying in their minds. 
“Has Femi defended his self?” Moji asked at last. 
Mercy, disturbed and uncomfortable, simply looked at her and replied: “He doesn’t have any paper today, so he is not in School.”
“Is that what he told you? Femi that I saw when I was coming back from the toilet a moment ago” Moji countered.
 “Has it gotten to the level you two have to lie and avoid each other?’’ Tinu asked worriedly.
Mercy wished she had not heard that. She rose from the seat and stood akimbo in front of Moji: “Are you sure of what you are saying?” 
“Why not, I saw him with Dorcas going towards the back of the school.”
 “Follow me.” Mercy ordered with full breath within her teeth and walked away. Others ran after her.
On their way going, they met Bayo and a girl. Mercy called him and asked of Femi’s whereabouts. “He should be at the back of the Science Laboratory block” was his reply, indicating the way with one hand. When she got there, she met Femi and Dorcas laughing over what she was not ready to know. 
“Hello, sweet sister, how are you.” Femi said as he opened his arms to welcome her, but instead of accepting his arms of embrace, Mercy stood on her toes and slapped him. 
“You called me sister because of this thing, Femi?” she vented and moved over the table, took grip of and squeezed his shirts, crying: “So you have been deceiving me all this while. You must kill me today, you must...” She pushed Femi backward and he landed his back on his seat, and there he was, looking real embarrassed.
It is a painful venture when love turns the other way. It makes the fruit of life sour and its path sewer. Life becomes a crumbling mirror. Shattered and scattered. You’ll find it difficult to put yourself together. Love is indeed a deep mystery. 
Yes, love is the mysterious fire that sets the heart ablaze and makes the blood hot. And, being loved is the most wonderful thing that can ever happen to anyone in life. Being loved is being in a paradise. You feel on top of the world when you are truly loved. When you found someone who is ready to give-up his soul and give his life for you, you’ll feel cherished, valued and fulfilled in all you do. You wear smiles on your face wherever you go. Living becomes fun. Your dreams become romantic and your days turn fantastic.
    Mercy’s love for Femi made her to cry for many nights and day. She knew she had done her worst; something told her she had taken it too far, and so she will never have Femi again. She wept again and again, with no one to comfort her. Aunty Rose had been transferred to Lagos and Chief Chidi was not in town. She was left alone. Her life was so empty and void.
“Am I this bad? Am I bad to the extent Femi would dumped me for another girl?” She asked herself repeatedly. She sobbed and made a sincere prayer: “Lord, I want to be called decent.” But she hardly finished praying, when warm blood ran through her tender heart and boiling tears through her lovely face.
Femi on his part was confused. Already, he was thanking God that he had just a week to end the self-imposed exile. To him, being without Mercy was but an exile, as though he was taken away from home and thrown into an unknown land. He needed it and that was why he initiated it. He was actually expecting her to rebuff the idea but she did not, and for that he appreciated her. It was not in his mind to go to school that day; he was reading at home but realised he needed someone to expound something to him. His mum had always been instrumental to that until he got to Secondary School, when most of the subjects were new and somehow strange to her. It was because her mother couldn’t to explain the topic that Femi left home around 10:00 O’clock that morning, entering school the compound during break time. He had gone straight to meet Dorcas in the library but there was no place he could sit beside her. That was why they left the Library to find somewhere else to sit. But then, even if he was asking out Dorcas on a date, he wasn’t taking Mercy anything more than a sister. “Why such a rude interruption from her?” He wondered in his confusion. 
“What happened to you Femi? Why have you been looking so dull?” 
He wanted to lie to her mother but suddenly found out he couldn’t. He wondered since when had she been noticing it. He dropped his head and replied: “Someone slapped me.” 
“Who slapped you? When? And why?” Kemi probed as she tried to feel her son’s body temperature. It was worm. 
“Last week mum, and it was Mercy” he answered. 
Mercy’s act was not strange to Fadekemi, who always regret her part in the over-pampering of the young girl. Everyone thought she needed love, for being motherless. And for the fact that she came at the right time, when money was on ground in the family, she should enjoy it in full. More so, Kemi reasoned that it was not the effect of the blow that was troubling Femi for a whole week, but the person who slapped him. She was aware of the kind of bond between the two kids, just like all members of the two families did. 
 “Come on, Mum, stop looking like that. I don’t feel the pain again. It has been a week” Femi looked up and spoke calmly to his mother. Kemi turned and walked out of the room. 
As soon as his mother left the room, Femi moved over to his study desk and wrote a poem:
“Love, how terrifying you are?
You are like a gentle wind that refreshes the soul
Yet in twinkling of an eye you turned
You turned and storm my soul with a wild wind
You took me off my feet and knocked me down.
Love, love, oh, love
You are like the sweet pineapple, full of thorns
Love! Can you ever be real and be peaceful?”
The final year students were the first to sit for their exams, the JSS3 classes followed. It was then the school third term exams. Mercy got herself busy preparing for her promotion exams to JSS3. She had never been that serious in all her life. She wanted to think less of Femi. It was hard but she was getting over it. Femi on the other hand had become a tramp of memories. He wasn’t enjoying the break at all. Everywhere he faced, he was bored to bone. Reading novels, which used to be his usual holiday hobby, did not make any sense to him again. Down deep his mind was a recurring voice that silently yelled: “Mercy! Where are you?” He thought of going to Atunluse Villa, but he was not too sure he could face Mercy’s rage. If she can do what she did to him in the public, she may tear him to pieces in her compound.
Exams were over! It was the end of a school session and Christmas party, usually organised as a send-off party for the graduating students, was to take place. In preparation, the school arena had being decorated with twinkling Christmas lights and beautiful flowers. And many groups have been meeting for rehearsing different performances; drama, songs, cultural dancing, and choreography among others. 
It was the D-day of the Christmas party. Cooking was on, soft drinks and juice were getting chilled in the drums, and the hall was well arranged for the yearly event. It wasn’t long when parents and other invited guests started arriving. Quests were so happy seeing graduating students all in robes and others in muftis; they were all looking gorgeous, with only a few in school uniform. 
The theme of this year program was “Love and Unity in Schools and Nations.”
Femi was sitting with a girl between him and Dorcas on the roll reserved for the School Press. There were other roles for other clubs and groups. Mercy was not in any group, she wasn’t expected to perform in any form, so she sat among the crowd. Aunty Rose and Chief Chidi were on the high platforms with others prominent guests. The school choir finished their performance and the MC came back to the front and, after cracking some brilliant jokes, announced: “The next performance here is a poem recitation by Mercy Chidioke!” The entire students in the hall shouted and applauded. Her father and Aunty were becoming uncomfortable. Femi was almost freezing on his seat.
She walked up to the platform avoiding the faces of her people on the platform. “I want to dedicate these words of mine to, to, [she paused] to who knows. But I trust in the moving wind to convey it to the right ear in the language he best understands”. Femi adjusted his seat. He could feel a thousand of eyes pined on him. Mercy’s voice then went up, ringing:
“Turn back the hands of time!
Reverse the movement of the day
Please call back the sweet past
Let me have love warming me again
Let its wind blow and dry my tears.
My love have gone to rest
He’s gone and left me crying
I charge you travelling wind
Roll back the turning moon
And so you remind me of then
Of the blissful affection I once shared
But if nature refuses that
If it refuses to be dedicated unto
Then, I have hold on to fate
Waiting for the sun to rise again
And my consoling angel to appear
To mend my broken heart
To ease my pain forever

But then, where is love?
Where could it be hiding?
Where is love, dead or alive?”
“Ask no more, my dear,” Femi said. Mercy was surprised. As Femi walked up to her, the audience bellowed; they all thought it was planned that way. He smiled on her and said: “For as long as heaven and earth remain love lives on.” He picked up a microphone and held her hand with his left hand, facing the people:
“Mountains may fall and be levelled up
The deep blue sea may run dry
Vegetation can be cleared and be made plain
Everything under heaven is subject to a life span
Even man
Hmmn, over Ages compared to eternity
Love survives the ensnaring power of death.
So, has there being love? Then it remains
For if souls and feeling survives Ages
Love survives forever.”
Mercy gave him a big hug and cried as the crowd clapped and shouted. The parents of the two families knew from that day, something strong and mysterious awaits them in the nearest future.
In the evening of the second day, after a long walk of complete silence from Atunlese Villa, Femi asked her: “Where did you get that lovely poem you recited?” 
“Nowhere, it came from within” 
“You mean you wrote it yourself?” Femi asked further with much interest 
“I tried to write it down but I kept cancelling words. I was not able to finish it before the MC called me. I’m not even sure I can remember everything again.” She took a breather, and continued with a smile: “I was surprised you came when I was getting exhausted”.
“You actually proved to me you are a genius, Mercy.” 
Mercy looked at him and said: “Your mum once told us. Don’t tell me you forgot so soon”. She said, “When friends meet, they become a talkative. But when lovers meet, they become poets.” 
Femi, who had joined her to complete the lines “But when lovers meet, they become poets” looked straight into her eyes, drew her close to his chest and said with passion: “I think I love you, Mercy.”
 “I know I love you, Femi” she accepted. 
He was ashamed of his weak words. He waited for a while; he then left her and walked a few steps away, before he said yet another poem:
“Take me a bad example of love
Too dull to feel, too weak to lift
My heart a wrong room for love
Too proud to speak, too busy to see
Do I deserve a love like yours?
So pure and so real
Will you ever take me back in your arms?”
Mercy walked up to him and closed the gap between them:
“Never ask again, my dear. 
For as long as heaven and earth remain, 
I will love you forever.”
She opened her arms and they hugged each other. And the sun set on them.
That was so many years ago, the beginning of the end. That was the start point of a journey filled with love and severe hatred, a journey filled with bloodshed, pains, regret and victory. It was like as though a projector was displaying the pictures on the white ceiling. As Femi slept on his bed in the hospital and focused his whole attention on the ceiling, the scenes of each day spent with Mercy were coming to his imagination, page after page. Kemi, his mother had gone home to take her bath and to take some rest. No more need for anxiety, Femi was now okay and should be discharged the next day. Yetunde had taken over from her mother-in-law. She was now sitting where Kemi used to sit. Suddenly, Femi jumped up and shouted: “Mercy, Mercy!” 
“Mercy again? No one is here with us. Femi, please don’t scare me” Yetunde pleaded, getting frustrated already. 
Femi faced her and said: “See, see Mercy”. He ran to the wall and stopped. He faced the other side: “See, See Mercy, Mercy!” and he ran to that side again. 
“But Femi what has come over you?” she raised her voice and called: “Doctor, Doctor, somebody help me!” 
Even at that, Femi only looked wildly around and asked: “Where is she? Mercy, where are you?”
Nurse Titi came in and Femi ran to hug her, saying “Mercy!” The Nurse ran out and another Nurse, Amina came inside, Femi ran towards her again calling her Mercy. 
Yetunde ran out to get the Doctor. She met Doctor and Nurse Amina talking. She faced Amina, and queried: “Have you told him?” 
“Told him what?” the Nurse retorted in her surprise. Yetunde tried to withhold her anger and faced the Doctor: “I can’t understand Femi anymore, he is misbehaving.”




**************
CHAPTER SIX
GONE WORSE
Dr. Bolaji was behind his desk, buried in the papers in front of him. He felt distracted by the solemn knocks on the door. “Please come in.” Kemi came in, followed by Yetunde and her father, and Rose. “Ah, Madam. Welcome Sir. Please have your seats.” Doctor offered. Kemi sat sluggishly with the two balls in her sockets fixed on the Doctor. Rose waited behind her. Yetunde showed her father the second seat but the old man refused and made her to sit on it. Dr. Bolaji looked through all their faces and found sorrow. He found an expression totally different from the ones rejoicing two days ago. ‘How would they feel after hearing this information he was about to disclose?’ They all knew what had happened to Femi but they were expecting him to prove them wrong. They wished he could tell them it wasn’t what they were thinking. He cleared his throat at last: “I called you to my office, basically to disclose the new developments in Femi’s health. I must apologize on behalf of the management of this hospital, we are very sorry; we could not detect the fact that the injury your son sustained on his forehead has a terrible effect on his brain.” 
“Yeah! Mogbe, Mogbe’’ Kemi exclaimed with her two hands on her head. Yetunde bowed her head and later rested it on the table, fully expressing grievance.
“Perhaps, if that had been known before now, things would not have degenerated to this level. The only solution and which must be done without wasting time is to send him to a competent psychiatric Hospital.” The Doctor completed his point. 
An invisible tick and heavy cloud fell on the room. Kemi fell off the chair and was terribly crying. Rose was trying to pet her while she was at the same time sobbing. Yetunde was beating the desk between her and the Doctor. The more she banged, the more her pains. Mr. Adejumo looked at his daughter and had compassion on her. “Why are all these things happening to her since her wedding day?” He pondered as tears ran out of his face. That was the first time he was shedding tears in the last twenty years, not because nothing bad had happened but not as worst as this. Rose, having repositioned her friend back to her seat, looked up; fresh tears dropped from her eyes like water. She knew getting married was not supposed to be a suffering, as this. She was another example of a successful marriage.
Rose’s wedding party lasted for a whole week. None of its kind had ever happened in the history of Tontinrin. It was the second time the Governor of the state was visiting the village that year. First was during the coronation of the new King. Tontinrin welcomed a multitude of prominent members of the society during that week. Chief Chidi’s friends and business partners all over the world made their flight to Nigeria airport and down to Tontinrin. It was indeed a great occasion.
It was also an avenue for Femi and Mercy to meet again after so many months of complete break. Mercy had moved to live in Lagos with her sister immediately she finished her Junior WAEC two years earlier. She was registered in a Secondary School around Ikoyi where Rose stayed. She and Femi had being communicating through letters and on few occasions she had come down to the Village for holidays. Introduction, engagement, traditional wedding, church wedding and the reception, all spanned through Monday to Saturday. Thanks giving service was scheduled for the Sunday of the following week where Rose worshipped in Lagos. Femi and Mercy had followed the whole program from the first day to the last. On the last day, Femi looked at Mercy and felt sorry; she will soon be going back to Lagos. It pained to accept that fact in his mind. He excused her from the merry at the reception and together they walked away from the noisy environment. It took quite a long walk before they were able to put the noises at the party behind them. They’ve being walking side to side with Femi’s hand across her shoulder. Mercy decided to break the silence: “It is a bright night. I love the full moon.” She said, smiling at the moon. 
And in response, Femi looked up and sang:
“I am the light
You are the moon
Why does the moon stay so far?
Far away from the moonlight.”
Mercy gave him a proud smile and combed his hair with her fingers.
“I worship you Femi
You are my prayer
You are my joy
And if I cry, you are
You go beyond my skin
And touched my real being
I have loved you
I have only loved this way
I have no dream of loving another day”
“You still write poems, don’t you?” Femi asked. 
“I have forgotten I ever wrote one. I am not good in writing. Do I sound like a poet?”
Femi waited for a while before saying: “When friends meet, they become talkative’’ Mercy joined him and together they chorused: “When lovers meet, they become poets”. And, as they both busted to laughter, he stepped forward and faced the glooming moon. Mercy walked up to him and leaned on his back. Without looking back Femi said: “I hope this moon will remain like this on our wedding day as well”. 
Mercy, being shocked, probed: “What did you just say?” 
“Mercy, I love you. I know this is too early but if I have my way I will lead you to the altar tomorrow and marry you. Please don’t tell me you can’t marry me.” 
“Femi! You don’t rush into wedding like that. We need to take our time and be careful” Mercy said and faced the other side. 
Femi pulled her face and said: “Always look in to the future with hope my dear. I wish you can see beyond the cloud into a few years ahead of us. I wish you can see through the cotton of education and struggles of life that are barricading the presence from the future.” He put his hand across his face trying to see something afar of, and continued: “I can see millions of souls singing hymns as your garment flows from the altar to a Mercedes Benz with an inscription, ‘About to Wed’’.
But those words were getting Mercy anxious. So she responded: “I’m afraid, Femi. I’m afraid.” 
Femi drew her closer and covered her face with his hands: “Don’t be afraid, my dear. Love will see us through. All that matters is whether you will love me forever or not. Mercy, will you still love me tomorrow?” he asked and removed his hands.
With glowing smiles, she replied: “Never ask again my dear. For, as long as heaven and earth remain, I shall love you forever.”
Perhaps, the word ‘Forever’ in Mercy’s statement extended to life after death. It was getting too obvious that Femi was deeply in love with the dead. Two months at the psychiatric hospital had only added ranks to his madness. He could now communicate with the spirit world just like any other mad people on the street. At intervals, he would burst into serious laugh as though responding to a joke or funning remark from someone in the air. At times he sang love songs and recited beautiful love poems in praise of Mercy. He had become so violent since a week ago. If anybody called him mad, he would shout “You are mad! You think I don’t know what I’m doing. If you can’t see Mercy, I can see her.”
“So many reasons could cause madness,” a doctor at the psychiatric hospital said while trying to explain to Kemi and her father, Makan. “Excess of Alcohol, hard drugs, shock, a distorted or disturbed brain and so on. We have carried out all manners of tests and none of those tests was positive. That is not strange to us. A number of them are here, some of them ten years, some more. No medication works for them. We have no clue to their problems. And so, they were put aside like abandoned projects. Some of them their people have even forgotten them. My own personal conclusion in cases like this is whether a spell has been cast on your son.” 
Makan looked at the misty face of his daughter. Doctor continued talking: “But, please who was, hum… Who was Blessing or was it Mercy?” 
Makan quickly helped him out: “Mercy, doctor.”
“Thank you. Who was Mercy to him? I understand she is dead.” The doctor asked curiously. 
Kemi wanted to talk but her tongue failed her. She cried instead. 
“She was Femi’s girlfriend. She died a month to their wedding” Makan answered. 
“Sorry, but do you know whether Femi has hand in her death?” 
“Haba! Doctor. Femi can never do such a thing.” Makan replied with livid countenance.
In response to Doctor’s questions, Kemi started rolling on the ground, crying and pleading to the dead: “Ina jo mi. I am dead. I hurt myself. Mercy, please forgive me. Leave Femi alone and attack me please, yeah!” 
When a man wakes up early in the morning and start running in a tick forest, if he is not after something, something must be running after him. It may not be cleared to anybody else but Kemi knew what she cooked in the corner of her room that made the house goes on fire. If Kemi says ‘something is burning on the sea’, tell her to get you the arches. But the fact was, Kemi was only a victim of a guilty conscience, none of her deeds, no matter how bad, was responsible for Femi’s assumed madness.
There was a blood covenant between Mercy and Femi. That covenant made them single soul in the spirit realm. Chief Chidi, since he became rich had always given out scholarship to the best students from Tontinrin Grammar School to study abroad. In that year, Femi and Dorcas tallied in their overall performance - A, in six papers, B, in two papers, and C, in one paper; though in different subjects. By the time another examination was conducted, Dorcas was chosen to have won. It was quite obvious that the Vice Principal who was Dorcas’ father took part in how the result went in favour of his daughter. Chidi instead of giving out one scholarship as usual, decided to offer the two students, Dorcas and Femi, to study in American University.
It was two days before the day he was to leave Nigeria. Mercy arrived Tontinrin with a cab filled with shirts, different pairs of trousers, suits, beverages and provisions, and other things she believed Femi would need for his trip. She went straight to the new building Femi was now staying with his mother. Chief Otun died few months ago and Kemi was not ready to start fighting over properties. She complained to her father’s friend and Chidi built her this new duplex. Femi welcomed her and her gifts with mouth wide opened. He wasn’t that surprised, he knew Mercy as a very generous being. That was her and he loved her for that. 
In Femi’s room, they talked for hours, planning how to spend the days ahead of them. Arrangement was made that Mercy would be paying him visits once a while. They both confess how they were going to miss each other. That night, Mercy looked into the days behind and all she could see was emptiness. How will she live without him? What is life itself without a feeling, what is breath without passion? 
“Wow, it seemed like a dream. Femi in American, incredible!” he said excitedly trying to bring some life into the tense atmosphere in the room. But the words seemed to have a negative effect on Mercy. In response, she called, almost biting her tongue: “Femi,” sounding somehow cold, “are you saying goodbye to me already?” Femi, hearing this and noticing her coldness, became rejected. Mercy continued: “Are you so eager to walk out of my life? Should I count everything between us over?” 
Femi raised his head very sharply at mention of ‘over’ and caught Mercy, remorseful and confused. He looked away for a moment and then turned again to her: “Mercy, please, follow me.”
They both walked to Kemi room and met her dozing. She was supposed to be listening to the News but she was tired. The News was going on in the TV, the remote control was on her lap but she was deeply asleep. “Mummy, Mummy”, Femi called. Realizing someone was calling her, she startled: “Femi, it’s you. Ha, ha, you are still around Mercy.” 
Femi allowed her to finish before talking: “I want to see you ma.”
 “Now?” she asked. 
“Are there some decisions I am still young to take?” He inquired, trying to hide Mercy at his back. Mercy was looking at the scene trying to fathom what he wanted to do. 
Kemi was amused but answered: “You are twenty-one this year. You are old enough to make your decisions but let me know before you make any decision.” 
He threw Mercy out from his back and moved her towards her mother: “Thank you, mum. I have taken my decision to marry Mercy. I’ll lead her to the altar immediately I returned from America. Please take good care of her as you have always taken care of me.”
Kemi laughed for a while and later made Mercy to sit on her laps, saying: “So now, may I call you my wife?” Mercy was too shy to make any concrete response. She only bowed her head, smiling. Kemi then asked her son to sit down. She shared a joke with both of them like a mother. She showed how happy she was and how sure she was of the approval of her father, Rose and Rose’s father. She advised them on the need to wait until they were married before they start having sex. She rounded off by praying for the two of them. Later in the night she still called her son and rendered some midnight sermon. She wanted her son to faced his studies and not to put too much of thoughts in his mind at the moment. All the same, she was happy.
When Mercy got home that night she met her dad talking with some chiefs from the palace. “Good evening,” she greeted the men with a high spirit and faced her father, “hello, sweet Dad’’
“You are welcome, my daughter. Why did you arrive this late?”  
“I Branched at Femi’s place.” She answered. 
Chidi relaxed his muscles. He knew she had purposely come down from Lagos to see Femi before he leaves for America. “Okay, is that why you cannot come home first?” he said and faced his guests in an attempt to carry them along.  
“I’m sorry, Dad.  But I have good news for you.”
“What?” He asked
“Femi promised he will marry me immediately he returned from America.” She informed, happily. 
Somehow, Chidi’s guests were surprised to hear that from a small girl like her, just like her father found it real funning. He laughed for a long while, and said: “What do you kids know about marriage?” Mercy felt challenged, but to defend herself she quoted Kemi’s sayings: “The little we know, we know - that Femi should finish his education and have a good job before we get married. And we know enough to be sure that we should not have sex until we are married. We know that...”
Her father interrupted and said: “Okay! It’s Okay, my daughter. I know you are well prepared for my questions. I was also getting prepared for a day like this. I knew something bonding was coming up between you and that boy. Just that I did not know it will come this early and I was expecting him to come himself. My questions are for him. Anyway, I love him. He is a genius. I love him and I love his family. I am fully in support of it.” The guests realized the reason Chidi was happy. They knew his response would have been harsh if another boy’s name was mentioned instead of Femi. Mercy was very happy to see her dreams coming through - Femi’s mother had accepted her with opened arms and now her father gave his all support. Her sleep that night was a mixture of songs and sweet dreams. 
It was a blood noted night. The night proceeding the day Femi was to leave. Mercy and Femi had being doing the packing and all other preparations. Mercy told him about her father’s approval and the biggest news was that her dad had promised to sponsor her education in the school in America the year to follow. That meant she was going to join Femi the following year. They rejoiced over that and they continued the work. When every bag had being fully loaded, Mercy brought out the printout of the picture they took at Rose’s wedding ceremony. Femi’s left hand went across her shoulders, and she leaning on him, smiling. They both looked gorgeous in the picture. “Ha thank you so much, now I have something to turn to wherever I’m missing you.” Femi collected it joyfully.
 “Do you know I don’t have anything to keep me company while you are away? Femi would you please give me the picture? Please” Mercy pleaded. 
Femi looked up for a moment, as if he remembered something. He rushed to his drawers and brought a scissor. He carefully cut the picture into two. One half was Mercy’s image with Femi’s left hand and part of his chest. The other half went with the remaining. Femi gave her the half that contained his image and withheld the part where Mercy was smiling with her brightly shinning white set of teeth.
Mercy was very happy for the solution found to that puzzle. They talked for few minutes before she went cold again. “Mercy what happen again? Tell me if you don’t want me to go. I will stay with you here. Tell me please’’. She was lost. She was ashamed of herself. After all Femi had done to assure her, she was still afraid of losing him. She found her voice at last, “Femi, I don’t mean to be pessimistic. But, I still feel I am loosing you. Tinu told me that Dorcas is going with you.” Femi was lost in the air. He felt like opening his stomach for her to see. He needed a proof. He realized that he himself was also afraid of losing her. Mercy had always being the target of so many boys around. How could he be sure he was going to meet her intact by the time they would meet again? 
“Mercy we need to do something.” He said and waited for her response.
 “What is that?” her voice was still weak. 
Femi went out and came back with a transparent glass cup. He placed it on the reading table in his room, took the scissor and cut on one of his own fingers. Mercy could not say whether she was afraid of blood or irritated at what he was doing. “I swear by my blood this night that I, Olufemi Adeshokan to you, Mercy Chidioke; I will never have or marry any other woman as long as you live. If I do, may I not have peace. May all my ways turned upside-down if I leave you for another woman while you are still alive.” He allowed some drops of his blood to fall in the water. He then gave the bleeding finger to Mercy to lick, and she did so, quivering. Femi now faced her authoritatively: “Do the same.”
Mercy collected the scissor and cut on one of her fingers, still shaking: “I, Mercy Chidioke swear by my blood to you Oluwafemi Adeshokan that I shall never leave you for any other man. I shall never marry any other man except you. If I do, I shall never have peace in all I do. May I die that same day.” She dropped some of her blood in the water and gave the bleeding finger to Femi to lick. Femi cleaned the wounded finger up with his tongue. He then added a powdery charm he got from Otunba, his father to the blood-stained water in the glass cup. He lifted the glass up to the ceiling and drank from it. Mercy repeated it after him.




**************
CHAPTER SEVEN
THE GENESIS
Makan and Chidi first met each other in a prison at a police detention in a popular area in Lagos. Makan was in his first week in Lagos with nowhere to go when he was arrested by the Police patrol team. Chidi on the other hand was accused to have beaten a policeman who was trying to collect money from him by force. There were about eight men in the police cell but something drew Chiid’s attention to this handsome looking, lonely man that was crying at the corner. He went closer to him and asked him why he was crying. Makan’s words were typical reflection of Oyo accent. He made him to understand that he had nobody in Lagos. He was a member of a very poor family of four in a village in the same western Region where Lagos fell. He said his mother died so many years ago while he was very young. His junior brother died of a terrible cough. “What about your father?” Chidi asked with so much pity for him. “My father? Can I say I ever had one? He was a complete drunkard, so addicted to drinking and playing pools. He sold all his properties and that of his wife on pools. He died last month in great penury.” Tears ran down Chidi’s eyes. “Since there was nobody I could stay with and nothing to rely on, no farm, nothing; I decided to come to Lagos in search of a better life. That is how I met myself here ooo’’. He cried and yet trying to wipe off his tears.
Chidi also told his own life story to his new friend. He did not grow up to know his parents. He said he was told his parents died in a motor accident when he was young and was raised by a wicked uncle. According to him, his uncle took over the entire property of his father and always treated him like a slave. He had to wash the cloth of his uncle, and those of his wife and four children. He cooked for the family and did many other domestic works. He was enduring that but it was as though his presence was no more needed in the house. He said one day, his uncle’s wife started shouting: “I am looking for my gold and some money. Who is the thief here?” They started searching and since his conscience was cleared, he dropped his bag in front of them to search. To his surprise, the gold and the money were found in his nylon bag. That was how they chased him out. He had nowhere to face. He had since then took up the challenge of life.
The next morning, Bus Drivers’ Association of the car pack where Chidi belonged came to bail him out of the Police cell. He spoke with them that he had somebody he would like to help out of the jail but they refused. He borrowed from one of the three men that came to procure bail for Makan, and from there Chidi took him to his one-room apartment at Okokomaiko, Lagos. He fed and told him he could share his cloth with him. He then made him his bus conductor and together they continued with life.
Makan was a very handsome young man. Kemi took her prettiness from him. He was cool and well behaved. Most people counted him as a man of little words; he could hardly speak his mind. Until he speaks, he may be mistaken for an educated man; he went his way quietly and always appeared neat, with his outfits neatly ironed. 
Chidi and Makan were of the same height – tall and well built. They were both fair in skin. But unlike Makan, Chidi, an outgoing type, who often looked rough and ruddy, was constantly in and out of trouble and prison. Nonetheless, the two were able to make an enviable friendship at the Car park, always together and doing things in common.
Rashida and her madam lived in the same building with Chidi and Makan. The rooms in the bungalow were twenty, arranged ten rooms on either side, and with a long passage in between. It was a kind of a house Lagos populace called ‘Face me I face you’. Like any other lady around, Rashida claimed to have love for Makan. Thus, she often cooked for him, washed his cloth and sometimes gave him money. 
The whole house was set on fire by Madam Spark when she got to know that her maid was pregnant for Makan. He was locked up in police station for days before Chidi and his friends successfully reached agreement with the madam. The agreement was that Makan will take responsibility of the baby by the time the baby clocks six months old. That agreed upon, Madam then told her man-friend, the same policeman who was in charge of the case, to release him on bail.
According to agreement, Rashida dropped Fadekemi with him since she was six months old. That was how Ifeoma, Chidi’s girlfriend who was at the time also carrying a two month old pregnancy, took her up as her child. While Ifeoma was a Beer Parlour attendant, Chidi was a regular customer to alcohol joints. He met and wooed her in one of his numerous visits to her shop. Ifeoma later gave her consent after normal ‘he mustn’t get me cheap’ pranks that were common among ladies. But Makan did not take alcohol; he hated it with passion, knowing full well that it was alcohol that ruined his family. 
During most festive period, individuals in Lagos metropolis usually travel to their various villages to celebrate with their people. And they were always ready to pay for charges above the normal transport fare for such trips. It was Christmas season in the second year of their Friendship, and so Chidi suggested that they should make good money by carrying passengers to location different from their legitimate routes. They made so much money doing that during Christmas tours, and it was this business boom that prompted their decision to embark on the same project during New Year festival. On the thirty-first of December, their Motor had a very fatal accident. Six people died and several terribly injured. Chidi and Makan survived, with a bruise on Chidi’s head. But the police was looking for them and the owner of the bus was not taking it likely. With that they ran away from where they were residing and never went back to the Car park.
Ifeoma was sent for and she helped to carry some of their belongings and Fadekemi to where the two friends were hiding. From there, they boarded a bus to Ibadan, and then to Oyo and from there joined bus going to Etido where they entered a canoe to Tontinrin, in Kuseti Island, Makan’s homeland. 
The house was filled with dust and spider nest by the time they arrived, and it took them two days to fix and put the 4-rooms mud house in order. Although, they did not have money, the fact that they arrived from the big city, Lagos, made everybody in the village to respect them. They spoke and dressed like men of the city, went about in jeans materials and face caps, matched with necklaces and canvases. They had radio transistor through which they can listen to what were happenings around the nation. It became an honor for them to agree to help any of the villagers fetch water, clear field or do anything for money or food. Makan took that kind of job immediately he returned to the village, while Chidi chose to be a cobbler, mending shoes for the villagers. Ifeoma went into food hawking. All villagers found her pleasant; everybody wanted to eat a food cooked by a city girl.
Rose came in their seventh month in the village. Eight years later formal education made its way to the Island, with a school established at Owode. Kemi and Rose were ten and eleven years old when they joined St. Matthew Standard School and they graduated six years after. The problem started when the two fathers were looking for money to send their children to Grammar school. They’ve wandered about, asking help from friends, money lenders, and rich men in the village. None was coming to their help. Those that were ready to help were asking collateral, which they did not have. The two friends came back worn out that sunning afternoon and decided to rest under a tree by the road. They’ve not seated for five minute when a car passed. Within the next ten minutes another car passed. It was unusual for cars to be seen in the villages in those days. 
“Where are these cars going?” Chidi asked
 “People said there is an herbalist somewhere in the forest down the road that performs money rituals for people. Perhaps, most of those car owners are his customers.”  Makan explained.
 Chidi looked at his friend and asked with excitement: “Is it real? So why can’t we do it, too, if it is real?” 
“Me, do money ritual? God forbid that I shed blood to make money.” Makan made his point and left Chidi under the shade of the tree. He looked for a while before joining Makan who was already few steps away.
Two weeks after, Kemi suitor, Otun showed up and turned the life of the families around. Kemi got married and Rose continued with her education. When Makan was becoming too lonely, he got another wife and life rolled on. On the land Chief Otun gave to his in-law were four palm trees. So Makan gave his friend three of it. That was how Chidi went into palm wine taping and selling. 
One afternoon, two men came to his palmy shop in a very expensive car and refreshed themselves with palm wine. Chidi gave them all they asked for and when they were through, one of them asked: “How much is our bill?” 
“Never mind” Chidi responded. 
The two men looked at each other and the other man asked mockingly: “How much do you have that you can afford to give people of our status money?”
“I have nothing that is why I want to be like you.” Chidi said
 At once, the two men sat again and the first man asked: “How do you mean?”
Chidi looked about, walked on his toes to the extremes of the shop and checked if anybody was around, and being sure no one could hear him, whispered in a timid voice: “I know who you are. I wish to be rich like you. Please help me. I am ready to do anything.”
They were with the man, inside his faintly lighted room.  “You are a lucky being, young man. Yahkusha said your wife is pregnant.” Chidi was surprised because he wasn’t aware that Ifeoma was carrying a baby. The old man by the flicker continued: “She is your lucky star. She shall bring you wealth. She shall bring you riches beyond what you can imagine.” The words of the Yahkusha priest were coming in soft rhythm that Chidi had never heard before. The priest continued: “All you need to bring is her under wears, just one bra, and one pant. That is all.” 
“You mean that is all? And I will be very rich?” Chidi asked curiously.
 “That’s all.” The priest reassured and faced the fire burning beside him.
It looked ridiculous to Chidi at first but when he realized that the priest was right, his wife was three months old pregnant, he believed. He went back to the shrine and submitted the items required of him.
Ifeoma was not too fleshy but it was clear that she was losing weight. The god of fortune had just started smiling on their new trade, she should be enjoying now, but why? By the time her pregnancy was seven month old, her illness had degenerated. She could not talk again. She could not lift a finger. She had become so skinning. Chidi spent his first set of riches on his wife’s illness. When it was obvious that the sickness was beyond English medication, he ran back to Yahkusha shrine for help. By the time he laid his complaint, they told him that the money coming to him was his wife’s blood and that he should be preparing for her death. Shocked, he became furious: “But you didn’t tell me I was going to lose my wife. Did you?” 
“The gods speaks in bits my son”, the old man answered with his usual calmness and solemn voice.
 At this, Chidi flared up and snapped:  “Tell your gods, man, tell them and let them hear clear and loud; I don’t want their money anymore. Let them return the blood of my wife.” He paused, shivering, and shouted: “Do you hear me? Tell your wicked blood suckers now, exactly what I said. Return my wife’s blood.” 
Without looking up, the priest said “Remember, no one must hear anything from you. Anytime you make an attempt to say it, you shall die. Your wife will die immediately the child in her womb is born. Yahkusha does not need her baby’s blood. Again, if you must live and enjoy your wealth, make sure you bring the cloth on your wife’s body the day she dies. Then you shall hear the next instruction. Good bye!” The priest finished his words, with no iota of compassion in his eyes.
 From side of his drenched eyes, Chidi looked at the stonehearted priest, turned his back and walked away. He staggered through the streets, half angry, half confused.
A month later, Ifeoma gave birth to Mercy prematurely and gave up the ghost. When Chidi presented the cloth to the priest, he told him that he would have to be sacrificing the blood of young men to Yahkusha every year. Ifeoma’s ghost would come back to him every year at the same date she died, around the same time. She would come back to ask for blood - the blood of a young boy must be prepared and given to her, yearly.  The priest also warned that any year she comes and found no blood she shall demand for the ultimate – that is Chidi’s life.
Chidi became a big philanthropist. He started by constructing a bridge across the river, from Etido to Owode. Thereafter, he tarred the road from Owode to Tontinrin and made it a nice motorway. With that, the commerce of Tontinrin grew. Also, through his connection, he secured relatively stable power supply for the community, made a borehole that supplied the entire community good pipe-borne water, built a modern royal Palace for the king of Tontinrin and bought cars for him and his chiefs. That was how he was rewarded with the chieftaincy title of ‘Atunluse of Tontinrin’. More so, in less than a year after his chieftaincy coronation, he saw to it that the Government built in the community a General Hospital, a police station, two Primary schools, and a Secondary School. And, every year, he awarded the best student from the Secondary a scholarship to study abroad.
He built for himself a mighty mansion that sat on a four plot of land. He also built a duplex for his best friend, Makan. By the time, Makan’s wife, who he married a year after Kemi went to her Husband’s house, was nursing a set of twins. Her first issue for Makan, a boy, was in a primary school already. After the death of chief Otun, he got Fadekemi and her son, Femi a suitable site and built them a nice apartment which was completed within three months.
For the past eleven years, Tontinrin had been facing a problem that seemed insurmountable. Each year, about the same month, a male child would be lost. So many families have lost their cherished children, on whom they had built their future hopes. Some of these children were stolen on their ways to school; some while playing around the neighbourhoods, some in the bush, and others by the river. So, many went to school and never returned home or graduate from the school. Some left home heading somewhere. Where they were going, they could not go, to come back was impossible. This way, many parents, relations and friends parted with their loved ones with great sorrows. The grievances of the lost children remained fresh in their hearts, no matter the length of time.
It was two months Femi travelled to United States of America. Chidi and his daughter Mercy, had just returned to Nigeria from America on a business trip. Actually, Mercy was not ready to come back to the country, but her dad insisted that he had something important to do in Nigeria. By the time Chidi and Mercy were arriving the village, Makan’s son, a secondary school student, was missing for three days. He had gone to school but did not return. The police and villagers went into action immediately. Five days after he got lost, two men were caught with the dead body of the boy. He had been beheaded. The police brought the head, the other part of the body and a bowl of blood separately to the station for the villagers to see. A message was sent to the city and representatives from television stations came down to Tontinrin to cover the tragic occurrence. After a night of severe torture in police station, the culprits confessed to have been working for Chief Chidi, the Atunlese of Tontinrin. In their confession, they said that it was their duty to kidnap a young boy for Chief Chidi every year. They would kill the child and present the blood to the Chief for the ritual. But this year, the Chief insisted on seeing the face of the lad slaughtered because he suspected it could be the missing son of his friend. He was right. Chidi cried on realising the fact that he had killed Makan’s son for money ritual.
The Chief was subsequently apprehended, that very early the next morning and was whisked away to Ibadan. On that day, Makan, Rose and Kemi went to meet him where he was locked up, and it took them a lot of stress and pleading before they were allowed to see him. And when he was finally brought out for them, he stood behind the iron bars, wearing only singlet and native trouser. He really looked ashamed, and sobbing, he pleaded: “Makan, please, forgive me. Please, know that I will never do such a thing to your son. I agreed I was wrong. Though I have been shedding blood of the disappeared young boys in the community for years but believe me, I would rather die than kill your son, Makan.”
Makan looked at him with pity, and said: “I am not angry with you. And, if I am, not because of my son, we are brothers and my son is your son. I know you can never think of hurting me. But remember I warned you.” He shook his head in heart pain and suddenly raised his voice a little: “I warned you, Chidi. Didn’t I? Yet you went ahead and did it! Anyway, I have sent for our lawyer; let’s see if there can be hope for you.” 
Chidi smiled and reacted: “Please don’t bother yourself my brother. Let me face it alone myself. Ifeoma is coming tonight to take the ultimate blood. The lawyer can ask for my body to be released for you for a proper burial. Thank you so much.”
Chief Chidi hardly ended his words when a policeman came rudely on them: “Eh, eh, your time is over.” As the officer was pushing Chidi away into the cell, he waved Rose and Kemi. Moved emotionally, Rose began to cry profusely. But Kemi’s heart sparkled with furious anger. She could not imagine what her father was discussing with a man who killed his son. “Thank you, brother, and goodbye”. Chidi said at last as he was led inside by the policeman.
The wealthy Chief died that same night. Hence, he could not face trial. The police force tried to get information about the shrine from the men arrested but they were not able to provide anything concrete. The two men were later charged to court and sentenced to death by hanging. The villagers went straight to Atunlese Villa and razed it down, including the cars. They did not take anything out of it. Mercy and Rose could not go back to the village. The incidence made the two families fell apart, though Makan tried to reunite them but Kemi out rightly refused.
She looked at her son ones again, busted to a cry of regret. If someone would assure her that if she committed suicide Mercy will leave Femi to enjoy his life, she would have voluntary laid down her life in exchange for Femi’s life. Sitting beside him was Pastor Titus, who had been noticing Femi since he started eating. The way he said he was hungry was not different from a normal human being. The food was served; he did not start eating until his mother finished washing spoon for him. No mad person would reason that way. This glued the pastor’s attention to him throughout. Pastor noticed that Femi did not eat the first spoon he packed. The meal disappeared from the spoon. He also noticed that at intervals, the spoon disappeared from his and he would open his mouth and accepted something as if someone was spoon feeding him. Femi also took the meat, took a little bit and stretched the remaining forward. The remaining meat also disappeared at the same spot others had been disappearing. “Mama Femi”, pastor faced Kemi and called her out of her imagination. “Do you want to help this boy?” he asked. It sounded like a foolish question to her but she nodded. “If you really wanted to help him, we must carry him away from here. We must. Let’s take him to the Church,’’ the pastor said, emphatically.




**************
CHAPTER EIGHT
HEART AFLAME
Dorcas came back to Nigeria after her four year degree program and took up an appointment with the National Electric Power Authority, NEPA, in Lagos, Nigeria. Femi, on his own, stayed behind for his Post Graduate study, which took him another two years. After his P. G. program, Femi carried out research in pursuit of his project, and his research being very successful, was accepted by many engineering firms in American, with many of them offering him job opportunities. He decided to go for the best and had worked for a year before asking for a month break to visit Nigeria. But when he came back, he started searching for his lover, Mercy.
Femi was not really surprised that Mercy was not at Arrival Point of Muritala Muhammed International Airport, Ikeja, Lagos, to welcome him back to the country. It had been long he heard anything from her. He did not want to believe that she had gotten married to someone else, but that was becoming too real from what he could think. As he wandered his view round in search of his family, someone shouted his name. By the time he was looking back at the person, Fadekemi, his mother had buried herself in his arms. They hugged each other for almost a minute before Femi released her and hugged Mama Junior, his grandfather’s wife. He was about prostrating in front of Makan when Makan caught his hands and hugged him instead. Femi then went over to the twins who have been looking at the scenes with wonder. They were very young when Femi left the country and were probably curious, ‘Who is this big uncle?’ He carried the two girls in his arms, one after the other, and offered each a kiss of affection: “Oh, our twins are now big girls”, he commended. And to that, everybody laughed. As they were rejoicing, he remembered Junior and asked: “What about Junior? I’m so sure, he is my height now.” Kemi looked into her father’s eyes, and junior mum laboured to stop the invasion of tears on her cheeks. 
“Hum, Junior is no more. He is dead. Please, let’s go home’’. Makan cleared the air. 
Immediately Femi mentioned her name, the joyful atmosphere created by his arrival disappeared. “You don’t have to know where she is, Femi.” His mother shouted at him at the mention of ‘Mercy’. The happy Mum suddenly became a furious lion, ready to devour. 
“But Mum, why?” Femi demanded to know. He had not received any message from her since the past five years. He had written a thousand letters without a reply. 
“I will never open my eyes and let you marry that daughter of killer; of someone who killed your cousin for money.” She felt crying but withheld it. 
Femi’s eyes fell to the ground and sweat came all over him. He became so weak that he staggered to find somewhere to sit. Kemi went after him, seated beside him and narrated everything that happened to him.
The whole of Tontinrin had become an album of hunting pictures for Femi. Wherever he turned to, he remembered the last time he walked the place with Mercy. He saw the hills and the mountains they climbed, the trees they loved to shade under and birds flying over the trees. It was as if their voices where recorded in those mountains and hills. He would hear his voice and that of Mercy talking and laughing. Their words and their jokes, their tears and promises, all seemed echoing in his memory, drumming like the sound of Bata Drum.
Femi began to wonder why another set of such lovers have not been raised in the village. No other sets of lovers had dared the bitter fruit of love. To him, that might be reason the birds have gotten independence, and the rivers and fishes were now at peace. They were out of order because Mercy and Femi were far apart. He ran home with his eyes closed, stumbling several times before he got home. He met his mother by the gate and wanted to greet her but missed his tongue. He left her on the same spot and ran into his room. 
Kemi had been looking for her son for some hours. He did not tell her where he was going. She did not even know when he left his room. Now he came back and instead of saying something to calm her worry, he just passed by her and went inside. She felt utterly daunted. She went to his room, the door was locked. She knocked but Femi did not open the door. He wanted to be left alone. After so many trials she stopped trying and left him alone.
Even in his room, Femi was not alone. He went straight to his bag and picked up a pen and a jotter. He had developed the habit of writing poems since he travelled to America. Wherever he had heavy feelings to bear in mind, he would download it all on paper. He stumbled on Aunty Rose’s wedding invitation card on the reading desk, and the Full-Moon night came back alive. He remembered how he proposed to Mercy and how happy he was that day. He looked round the room and wordings of their love vows rehearsed in his mind. He was stressed and grieving; he had had so many rounds of sobbing. He was becoming absent minded and trying to sleep but could not. He later rose on his knees, opened the door and took his way to the living room. 
He was about opening the last door out of the house when he heard his mother’s voice behind him: “Where are you going again, Femi?” 
He looked back, turned to his mother and responded: “Mummy, you need to help me. I realized I still love her in spite of all that has happened.”
Eyeing him somehow furry, she asked: “Love who?” 
“Mercy, Mum.” He answered
“You cannot be serious.” Her mother countered.
 Femi, sighted hopelessness in her mother’s voice, and so did not say anything again but simply opened the door, walked out of it, and closed it behind. But then, Kemi hurried after him, and started shouting after him: “Where are you going? Femi! Femi! Will you please answer me?” He pretended as if he did not hear her voice, and, walking through the gates, he vanished into the town.
Femi was careful not to call her ‘Mama Junior’ this time. Rather, after the customary exchange of greeting, he called and asked: “Iya-Ibeji, please, is Grandpa around?”
“And why is your face looking so dismal? I hope there is no problem?” Twin mother inquired with deep concern. 
“Oh! No. No problem at all. I just want to see him for something very important.” Femi responded, trying to cover up. 
“Hum! Sure? Anyway, he is in his room” she answered at last 
Femi walked through the expansive duplex to grandpa’s room. Makan was often found in his house. He was already in his early seventies and had stopped all the walkabouts. He met the old man sitting on his bed, watching television and prostrated flat in front of him, greeting; Femi laid on the floor until his grandfather asked him to stand up. He stood up, sat near and explained everything he had been going through to the old man. He made it clear that he was confused. Makan listened to his grandson and had compassion on him. 
After the young man finished his words, Makan cleared his throat and gave him the words of wisdom:  “Femi, I have never been in love. I tasted not any.  More so, because of my selfishness or something like that, I did not allow your mother to taste it either, before she was betrothed to your Father. But somehow I have an idea of what love is. I know what it takes to conceal the burdensome feeling of love; a heavy passion of storming ranging affection in a heart must burn with merciless heat. By the way, if Chidioke’s family has offended anyone, the person is me and my wife. But I am not the kind of person who would raise a finger against Chidi. We were more than friends; closer than blood brothers. As for me, I have forgiven him and I expect you and Fadekemi your mother to forgive him and his family. If you truly love Mercy, do not count the offence of her father against her. As for whether she is married or not, she is still single.”
Femi went back home with those words of his grandfather singing in his mind. His cloudy mind was getting clearer now. He had thought that it was the whole family that had turned against the Chidioke’s. Another point was that Mercy was still single. 
“I see a light of hope in those words. I feel as though I had gotten some clues to the several questions of my heart.” He remarked. But he wasn’t thinking through. He got to a juncture where three paths met, one of which led to Atunlese Villa, he changed course eastward, going until he stood in front of the big mansion.  His heart suddenly increased its acceleration as he faced the desolate edifices of the once massive, gorgeous estate. It breaks the heart that all had been utterly burnt down. 
While he stood there, several people met and left him on the same spot. He heard them talking but his heart was too heavy to comprehend what they were saying. After some minutes, he heard someone calling: “Senior Femi!” When he faced the direction, two ladies were standing in beside him. 
“Can you still recognize me? Tinu, Mercy’s friend?” the first lady introduced.
“And don’t tell me you don’t remember this face, Moji, Mercy’s class mate.” The other lady followed.
 Femi could vividly remember Moji but was unable to recollect Tinu’s face. Nevertheless, he greeted both warmly: “How are you? I hope you are both fine?”
“Yes, we are fine” Tinu responded. “And you?” she added.
“I’m fine, too.” He answered.
 Moji looked at him cheerfully and asked: “How is Mercy? No one would ever believe you two can leave each other for anything. But I understand...”
 “You are right. We can never leave each other and we are not about to. We are still in love, so deep in love. I will see you later. Thanks.”  Femi suddenly found his voice, as though he just got some inner strength that threw him back on his feet. Yet, he left the two friends at the spot, still confused and walked back home speedily. 
His mother was not at the gate this time and did not find her in the living room. He barged into his room and went for the invitation card. He then picked up his briefcase, laden it with some wears, two pairs of shoes and some money. He dashed into the bathroom and took his bath - he hadn’t bath the last three days. After dressing up he went to his mother in her room, and informed her: “I am going to Lagos”
Kemi jumped up from her seat and queried: “Where in Lagos, son? For what purpose?” 
Femi looked at her and then turned his face the other side: “God knows I don’t know where.” 
“What! You don’t know? No, don’t tell me that. You are going in search of that girl, aren’t you?” His mother probed. 
“Mum, I may not return until I found her. So please, you don’t have to worry about my whereabouts.” He said and left the room, but Kemi ran after him, trying to stop him but he seemed determined.
Mercy would have entered the Living room the same time with Uncle Charles. Charles was returning from the Garden where he had gone to wet floras, while Mercy was coming down from her room in the upstairs. Hearing Femi’s voice, she stopped her walk along the staircases. After so many years apart, Mercy could still identify Femi’s voice despite the changes. His voice had become deeper with bass; he now had American accent in his tones and sounded more mature. She was sure she was hearing Femi’s voice but she could never believe Femi could come into her sister’s matrimonial home in search of her. 
Charles opened the door behind Femi and that momentarily distracted his attention from Rose. He greeted Charles and he responded heartedly as if nothing had happened. As he was returning his face back to Rose, she hit him with the first question: “Femi, how did you locate this place?” 
He put his hand in his chest pocket and brought out the invitation card for her wedding. “I have been in Lagos since last week Thursday, tracing the church address on this card. When I got to the church I asked of you and Mr. Charles, and someone directed me to this place.” He knew Rose was about asking another question, he quickly tendered his own question: “Where is Mercy, ma?” 
“Is that why you came from the village? But, but...” “That why I came from Los Angelis” She was still trying to find something to say when Mercy jumped out from the stairs and jumped into Femi’s ready arms. Her weight made him to fall backward on the three-seater upholstery. He stood again and carried her. He rolled with her in his arms, as the shackles of several years fell in pieces.
Femi opened one of the back doors of a Taxi, which had been waiting for thirty minutes, for Mercy and she gracefully entered. 
“Where are we going, Sir?” the taxi driver asked. 
Femi faced Mercy and asked: “Where should we go?”
“I don’t know; just anywhere with you.” She made her response, shyly. 
“Let us go back to the hotel then.” He decided at last and the driver zoomed off.
As silence reigned inside the car, Mercy tried to examine the ring on his ring finger. The golden ring looked like a wedding ring but it wasn’t. She asked herself: “Why the stress? Whether he is married or not, we can’t get married anymore.” Thus, she had swallowed the painful truth years ago. She had been in three different relationships. All failed. She had been finding it difficult to relate with any other man, no matter how lovely the man was. The men had always left frustrated with complaints that she was not committed to the relationship. She really wanted to get committed but couldn’t just help herself. She often tried to, perhaps that could make her think less of Femi but along the line became hapless. 
Femi on the other hand, had never tried any other lady in his life. He wasn’t the type that runs after ladies. Mercy was his first love and hopefully his last. 
“Why hotel?” Mercy broke the silence
“That is where I have been lodging since my arrival in Lagos.” He answered politely 
The car kept its speed and went on the tarred, beautiful Lagos Island streets. They were beside the Bar beach, heading towards CMS when Femi changed his mind: “Driver, please drop us here. Thank you.” The driver frowned over the change in agreement but when Femi gave him money and asked him to keep the balance, smiles flooded his face.
They walked a distance on the sinking sandy ground, before they were able to get one of the palm leaves tents rented. Femi excused self for few minutes, and by the time he was coming back, he came with two bottles of fruits juice and fried chickens and meats. He placed them on the table in-between and they continued their talks. They talked for some time, discussed so many topics. But it was all becoming boring. They both knew they were only presenting the superfluous at the expense of the vital. Femi later took his courage and changed the topic “Have I given my condolence? Please, accept my sympathy for the death of your dad. Mother told me he died few days you and he left the States.”
Mercy, who wasn’t that comfortable with the new topic, returned: “Thank you much. And I also give my condolence for Junior’s death.” She cast her eyes downward. 
He noticed the uneasiness she was going through in her mind, and said: “That’s gone. Let’s talk now. Let’s talk about ourselves.” He looked into her face and saw the reality of her beauty. That was the first time he noticed that. His love for her had been built on something he himself could not say. Mercy had grown to be a stunning pretty lady. Her chocolate cream skin was neat and clear. The skin reflected lights like mirror. The cloth on her made her figure-eight shape very noticeable. “Do you know you are more beautiful now than I had ever noticed, Mercy?” He said and set her whole body on fire. “And don’t tell me no man had noticed that.” He completed his words. 
“Quite a number of them. Lately, I have been in and out of a couple of unsuccessful relationships”. She unveiled. Her plain truth seemed to give him the worst shock of his life as if she was telling him to look for another ‘beauty’ to affirm. She took a sharp look at his face and asked: “What about you, married, engaged, or what?” 
Femi examined her for a while, adjusted and brought out a wallet from his back pocket. Out of it he pulled the half picture he collected from her the night before his departure and remarked: “This is all you left with me. You went away with my whole being, leaving behind a little part of my heart to breathe. This smiling image I have worshipped every morning.” He paused, admired her with a glowing gaze, and continued: “Mercy, I have no heart to love any other being. I’m lost in your world.” 
As Mercy’s heart suddenly welcome floods of joys, she opened her bag and brought the other half of the pictured. She displayed it in front of Femi with her left elbow on the table: “Femi, you have ever been a part of my life. The better half, should I say, that I carried along wherever I go.”  
Femi collected it from her, and held up the two papers, displaying one on his right hand and the other on the left. “Far apart we have been, but now I want us to come back together like this.”  He then arranged the two pieces in perfect order on the table; both halves made one good piece. Immediately he was done with that, something electrifying went through Mercy’s system, and looking at the picture, she said: “I can’t remember the last time I smiled as pure and natural as this.”
“I can remind you.”
 “When?” she demanded, expecting him to mention one of their outings back in Tontinrin. 
“About an hour ago, in your sister’s living room, while in my arms.” He answered.
She was surprised to hear that. 
“I must confess to you that were the true moment I have felt the vibration of my beats in so many years.” He took a breather, and with a cold voice Femi requested: “Mercy, please marry me.”
His words almost tear Mercy apart. She had prayed for those words to be repeated by Femi, but when it came, it was like a dream that will never come true. She left Femi in the tent, headed towards the beach water and stopped by the surging sea.
But Femi trailed after and caught up with her, saying: “Don’t you have an answer for me, Mercy. Please?”
“Let’s face the reality, Femi. It is no longer possible. Things have changed. The families are no more...” 
“Mercy,” he interrupted.  “Mercy, please listen to me. There is other reality. The present fact is that yesterday is gone and has become history but today is come, open up to us new opportunity. It’s left for us to make the right decisions, lest we be governed by our tomorrow. I know what I went through all the years we spent apart. Let’s come together as husband and wife, Mercy. Let it be.”
Mercy waited for a while, faced him directly and confronted: “Femi, you mean you still love me? Are you speaking from the heart of your heart?”
“Can you remember how many times I have told you that I love you? May be a thousand times. And each time I have meant every letter of those words with all of my heart. Mercy, I love you and every word of that feelings driven saying is without deceit.”
“Please, stop it. Stop the flatter”. She retorted. “How could you possibly still in love with me after all that have happened.”
He waited for her to say her mind and gently re-echoed their old romantic words: “Never ask again. For as long as heaven and earth remain, I shall marry you.” 
Baffled, Mercy took him for his word and they laughed together.
Kemi walked into her father’s living room and met Femi and Mercy with Makan in between both. They were all looking happy. Immediately, she became heated. “Good afternoon, Sir.” She greeted her father and took her seat far from the three of them. 
“Welcome, Ma” Femi greeted his mum.
 “Welcome, Mum” Mercy seconded. 
But rather than answered, she looked at the two lovers, hissed, and faced her father: “You sent for me.” 
“And why don’t you answer your children’s greetings?” Makan necessitated.
“I don’t have children. I have but only one child and they have started turning his heart against me.” 
Mercy then went on her two kneels in front of her, and implored: “I am not turning his mind against you, Ma. Femi and I loved each other.”  
Fadekemi, who felt irritated at the sound of love, was about to say something when Makan interrupted: “They love each other and wanted to get married. Considering this, I wanted to give my support but I said you should give your consent first.” 
“Oh, because they loved each other? The same way you and her father loved each other, he killed your son. The same way I and her sister, Rose loved each other and she went to school instead of me. Father, can’t you see you want to ruin my son’s life? No, I will not accept that.” She stood up and was about to go, waiting for Mercy to stand up and get out of her path but instead Mercy continued pleading. Kemi soon got frustrated with her begging and kicked her aside but it was Femi who felt the pains. Femi ran to stop his mother, saying: “Why are you doing this to me, Mum? She is my life, my happiness. Can’t you understand, Mum?” But all he got in response from his mother was a slap on the face.  Then, a dreaded silence fell on the room. The atmosphere became hot. 
“I carried you for more than nine months in my stomach. I fed you with my breast. I suffered to raise you and now that you have become somebody, you called one stupid girl your happiness. What about me? Tell me what has become of me, Femi?” She said jealously. She took some time to weep and when she realized no one in the room was ready to share her pains, she left. The three were left, looking at one another in the face. 
 Femi brought out his diary, went close to the land phone on a stood in the corner of the living room. He dialled a number and later in few seconds he started talking:
“Good afternoon, Sir. It is me Femi Adeshokan. I will like to get a visa. I don’t know how fast you can get it ready. Okay, thank you, Sir. I will be there tomorrow, goodbye.”
At Rose’s residence, Mercy and Femi sat beside each other. Rose’s seat was quite at a distance from them. Mercy told her sister that Femi had asked for her hand in marriage. Rose looked at the two of them in the face for a while and asked: “Have you taken her home?”
“Yes, ma.” Femi answered. 
“And what did your mother say?” she asked further
Femi hesitated for a while before he found the right words: “Elm, Mum is not in support of it, but grandpa has given his consent.”
Rose smiled faintly and said: “Hum, I know my friend. The same kind of temper runs within us. That is the truth. I am not saying am not in support of this relationship but let Fadekemi speak first. I offended your mother, my only childhood friend. My father made me wrong her. I don’t want to hurt her again.” She concluded. And air of hopelessness filled the room.
Mercy was taking Femi back to his hotel room in her car. Their discussion had been dominated by the plans on how to obtain the consent of Femi’s mother. She was the only hurdle left for them to cross. Femi looked through the glass and saw a phone booth. “Please, pack the car by that phone booth,” he instructed and Mercy slowed down and packed. Femi brought his diary and went inside the phone booth to make calls. By the time he was returning he was very happy. As he entered he gave the good news “I just called my travel agent in Oyo. He said your visa is ready. I told him to drop it with my mum. By tomorrow I will travel to Tontinrin and pack my things. You have to start packing as well. We are leaving this country in less than a week time.”
He met his mother reading the Holy Bible and greeted her but she responded by her nose. He went straight to his room and later came back to his mother and inquired: “Mum, didn’t I have any message?  I told someone to drop something with you. Has he come?”
 “You asked someone to drop a visa with me. You want to take that girl to America, Femi!” She started crying. 
“So you opened it. Can’t I have any privacy in this house again? Okay, where is it?” He asked
She looked at him and pointed to a brown envelop on the shelf. Femi went over to the shelf and picked it. By the time he saw the content, she had torn the visa, Mercy’s international passport and flight tickets of both of them.
Femi was filled with fury. He looked at his mother for seconds. He felt like tearing her the way she had done to their documents. He was losing his head already. He dropped the pieces of paper on the table in front of her and went inside. After fifteen minutes, he shouted from his room: “If you are fast enough you may meet me alive.”
Kemi ran to her son’s room and found out that he had tied a rope to the fan. In his hands were a knife and a bottle of poison. She started shouting: “Please, don’t kill yourself. Please, forgive me.” 
With a harsh voice he asked: “Are you ready to forgive the Chidioke’s family or not?”
She came up with a proud look and probed: “And, if I don’t.”
“Then, be prepared to bury another junior.” 
She did not say a word. She was just looking at Femi. She must have counted all he was saying as empty words. She knew her son was not capable of doing it. 
Femi said: “Mummy, I will count three. Then, I am gone.” He started counting: “One. Two.”  He dropped the knife and continued counting” “Two and half. Mother, goodbye.” He drank of the content in the small bottle and came close to his mother: “I never knew you were as cruel as this. Nevertheless, mum, goodbye.” But his mother kept looking at him, thinking he was faking up, until the poison started reacting. She busted weeping, ran speedily outside and calling for helps. People rushed inside and together they rushed him to the hospital.
It was at the hospital that Kemi submitted her pride to the strong desire of her son. She had to do that when Femi refused all medications and wouldn’t want to see his mother in the hospital. The next day she came into his hospital ward, he took a syringe and was about to stab himself when Kemi shouted: “I give up! Please, just stay alive. You can now marry whoever you want to marry”. Victory at last! Isn’t it?
Makan was very happy that the two families had successfully reunited. The marriage date was fixed at a month away. Everything was set. In preparation, Femi bought a big mansion at Ikoyi and was being fully decorated for a home that was about to begin in earnest. The furnishing stuffs also include provisions for their children to be born. The arrangement was that, he and Mercy will not sleep in that house until their wedding night. That was in obedience to Kemi’s words and Christian belief. The couple-to-be went to Tontinrin and pay Makan a visit. They spent some hours with him before they went over to Kemi’s house. Kemi was different that day. She did not look like someone who had been forced to do something. The two children asked for her forgiveness and she freely gave it. They were together for about four hours. Around 6 PM, Femi told her mother they were leaving. She saw them off to where Mercy packed the car. They bade Kemi goodbye and Femi collected the car key from his fiancée, opened the front door for her to enter and sit. He closed her side door, went over to the steering and zoomed off.
‘Oh, God, save us from those that keep monitoring us without our knowledge.’ This is a prayer everybody that loves his or her soul should say every morning, before leaving home. As their car was leaving Owode fully behind, they were about to leave the bridge built by Chidi, a fully armed gang of four men accosted their car, and drew them out of the car to the ground. They shot Mercy twice and she fell on her back. While Femi was trying to fight back, one of them shot him and he fell on Mercy. The four men left the scene without taking a dime.
He was tied to the iron pole beside the altar. They have just taken him away from the psychiatric hospital to the church, according to Pastor Titus’ counsel. Femi kept shouting on the altar. He had been thinking about Mercy since they forced him into the car some hours ago. Since then, no one had heard him shout Mercy’s name or speak to the air, until he made the shout. The memory of Mercy’s death was a great pain in his heart. He started crying. He cried so hard, rolling himself about on the altar.




**************
CHAPTER NINE
THE ANTIDOTE
When other sources had failed, Kemi and her people resorted to prayer - the master key that can never fail. It’s a bitter truth that he who doesn’t pray makes himself but a prey to life circumstances. That has been the experience of Fadekemi and her people. Certainly, their spiritual inaction had triggered the devil to action. And now, to put Satan down, they must not stay down; he who will walk tall must make the dragon lies low. They must groan to grow needed miracle. It takes great spiritual warfare for Israel to be born out of Jacob. 
A special prayer session was organized for Femi. The instruction from God, as delivered by Pastor Titus was that everyone that would be around for that prayer session should be on a day and night fasting. 
At night by ten o’ clock, the vigil started, with a strong determination to keep it on until they have gotten the victory. Kemi, Rose, Charles, Mr. Adejumo, Yetunde, two Yetunde’s friends, Pastor Titus, and eight members of the church prayer band. And as at a quarter past one, they were all covered with sweats and the prayers was getting hotter each second.
They gathered in a circle, and as they were praying, spits and sweats rained on Femi who sat in the centre. In spite all the unpleasant waters falling on him, Femi had all his attention fixed on that high way where they were attacked, still hearing the sounds of gun shots, and taking it all to be the end of the world, wishing he had died with Mercy on the spot. He remembered how he was also shot in the right arm, only to open his eyes in the hospital the next day. But then it was too late; he will never see her again. He had asked the doctor about the person who brought him to hospital and was told he was just a kind passer-by. The Good Samaritan had told the doctor that he met two people in the pool of their own blood on the highway, but the lady was dead before he got there. And when Femi asked of the whereabouts of the man, the doctor had no idea of how he could be located. 
 “How can I find him, doctor?” Femi had asked.
“Since the Good Man said he wasn’t related to any of you and had no idea who you were, we allowed him to go after he had settled the bills.” The doctor answered him. 
Thereafter his stay in hospital, Femi had visited the spot a couple of time and had thought to carry Mercy’s body but she could not be find. Everybody knew she was dead but no one found her copse. 
He also remembered how he first came to Pastor Titus church. He was in the mansion he had bought for himself and Mercy at Ikoyi for four days without eating or bathing. At the fourth night, he received a telegram from the company he was working with in America, reading “YOU WERE GIVEN FOUR WEEKS BREAK. THIS IS THE SIXTH WEEK. WHY?” He was revived immediately. He called his travel agent and booked a flight ticket and he was assured of a flight on Sunday evening. He took his bath that Saturday evening and thought of paying Aunty Rose a visit before he’ll travel. He was on his way from the auntie’s residence when he started feeling hungry. He asked his Taxi driver to stop and the driver parked by the roadside. As Femi looked through the glass of the car to order for bread and whatever that was available, he started hearing a voice from within a church at the other side of the road. The church choir were having a rehearsal and a strange voice from among the choristers was a magnet to Femi’s attention. He bought bread, butter, and a bottle-water and the driver ignited the engine and zoomed off.
Femi looked round. He tried to see beyond those praying roundabout him. His view went through the church building and everything in it. He raised his head and saw the seats specially arranged for the choir. He smiled and said to himself “My first time here.” On that Sunday he was to leave for America. He had finished packing his things and was in haste to leave Nigeria. The flight was scheduled for seven in the evening. He checked the clock on the wall ‘Twenty minutes to nine’’. The day seemed too slow for him. As he was sitting idle, he remembered the church he saw last night. He located his Bible and decided to go and past time at the church.
In the church, he looked like an odd. He saw people dancing and clapping. They were happy. They were joyful. Every one of them wore a measure of smiles that was fascinating, a measure of laughter that was charming. The songs were coming in series; the beats from the drums were rolling. He had been a Christian from birth but the Anglican Church at the village was different from this. Everybody sat together, the rich and the poor, the old and the young, whether you are educated or not wasn’t an issue, even men and women were not segregated. He looked around him and asked himself “Does it mean all these people have no problems?”
By the time the time the choir rose and rendered their ministration, Femi had been transformed. They ministered a Kirk Franklin song titled, ‘My Life Is In Your Hand’. The bearer of the voice he heard yester-night came to his view from the podium, she wasn’t an angel after all. She led the song and the choir chorused it in pattern that took people off the seat and made them to start waving their hands in the air with tears.
“I know that I can make it
I know that I can stand
No matter what may come my way
My life is in your hand.”
It got to a time when the chorus was sang repeatedly and this mysterious lady started reframing and echoing the lines. Femi was swept off his feet and was catapulted into the heavenly shore. It was really like being in heaven. “But who is this angel in human form?” He asked himself.
Someone must have told Pastor about Femi’s presence. If not, the message would not have been so directed towards him. The man of God had mounted the pulpit and concluded his message in less than forty-five minutes but his words kept ringing in Femi’s ear. He accurately addressed Femi’s situation; he talked about the love of Christ that is supreme to any other love, about wounds in the heart, about the lawful captive, the depressed, and the hopeless. He made the congregation to understand that only Jesus Christ could give peace and everlasting joy.
Towards the end of his message, Pastor Titus hit the ultimate mark in Femi’s heart. He said: “If you take a mortal man as your source of joy or hope, the day he dies your hope becomes dashed.”  Tears ran through Femi’s face without him noticing it. His mind travelled back to years past and considered the weight of hope he had built around Mercy. He remembered the level of peace and tranquillity that flowed through his mind whenever Mercy assured him she loved him and she was going to marry him. He remembered how disastrous his life turned into the day his mother told him he would not marry Mercy. Then the day he woke up and found that she was no more, and he saw his dream turning into dust. As he sat in the congregation remembering all, tears of his cheeks turned hot, yet he did not notice. Not until a lady seated beside him offered him a tissue paper to clean up.
He felt ashamed of himself. But then, something had been built in him, he must change lover. He must enjoy the love of this immortal and loving being called Jesus. After the message, Pastor made an altar call for whoever wanted to give his life to Christ. Femi rose without taking a second thought and answered the call into a new life, a regenerated kind of life. The evening of that same Sunday, he boarded a flight to USA. 
 By the time Femi resumed work in America, a query letter had already been forwarded to his office. It took God for him to scale through. He went into his job fully immediately. He became too busy to have remembered anything about home. Though once in a while the thought of Mercy came to his mind, the actual attraction at the moment was ‘the voice in the wildernesses – that angelic voice from among the choristers’. 
After a month he received a phone call from his grandpa. Makan, who told him that Kemi was critically ill. He said she believed that Femi had killed himself after Mercy’s death. The telephone conversation ended with a pleading that Femi should please make sure he comes down to Tontinrin. But it was difficult for Femi to secure another leave himself at work that soon. 
Not too long, he was able to streamline his work schedules so as to be able to come down to Nigeria, just a weekend. He got to Tontinrin late in the night on Friday and went straight to his mother’s house but met her absence. With her door locked, he was afraid. Some kind of a voice told him his mother was dead, and real fear suddenly gripped him. The next place to be was grandpa’s house but the cab that brought him had left, and so he had to push through the darkness. His mind was filled with terrible thoughts: “Why me, again? Why are all these happening to me?” But then he remembered he was already born again, and had to put everything in God’s hand. “Lord, please take control; full control.”  He said as he pushed through the cool breeze of the night and increased his pace.
He knocked for about five minutes before Kehinde came to open the door. He carried her in his arms and went inside. And just as he entered, Taiye rushed herself into his already occupied arms and he managed to carry her also. With the twins on his legs, Makan and Iya-ibeji came into the living room, and the smiles on their faces defeated his fear. 
“That is my boy. I told your mother you promised to arrive this evening and she had been expecting you since then.” Makan said and Femi almost screamed. He dropped his briefcase with the twins and went into the inner room for his mother. 
 “My son, I thought you killed yourself after Mercy’s death. You did not even bother to check on me all these days. Has anybody told you that I was responsible for Mercy’s death?” Kemi said.
Femi looked at his mother and felt offended. His mind wondered ‘why she must be bringing back the painful memory’. So he successfully changed the topic: “Mum, I brought you some things.” They both joined others in the Living room where he presented everyone with gifts and goodies he came with. They later went to sleep and Fadekemi’s health was fully recovered by the time they woke up in the morning. That Saturday they prayed and partied together from dawn till dusk. 
The Saturday evening, Femi left for Lagos where he passed the night at his mansion in Ikoyi. Throughout the night, the words of his mother to him the preceding night kept coming back to him: “You should start looking for someone else to fill the space Mercy had left vacant. You need to get married soon. You are not getting any younger.” He had smiled and responded: “I’ve heard you, Mum. But I must tell you, no one can perfectly fit into the vacuum created in my life by Mercy’s death; no one; I doubt if any.” It was more of a meditation. He thought of loving another woman but found doing so a difficult task.
He chose to worship in the same church the next day. However, the lady with the strange voice did not lead the choir. She sang at the back, and even from there, her melodious voice dominated the chorus parts of the choir ministration. Thank God she was tall, if not it would have been difficult for Femi to see her face. She seemed to be one of the reasons Femi took so much interest in the church. As expected, the message was inspirational, powerful, and impactful. After the service Femi noticed the sister talking with Pastor Titus, so he quickly joined walked up and greeted: “Happy Sunday, Sir”. The Pastor was a bit distracted by his greeting and he was trying to remember his face. “Femi Adeshokan, Sir.” He helped him out.
“Okay, Mr. Femi, you work in America, right?” Pastor expressed.
 “Yes, Sir. You are right. I came home to check on my mother and decided to wait for the Sunday morning service before returning in the evening”.
“Oh, that is good of you. So how is she?” 
“She is fine, Sir.” He answered.
They talked for a while and Pastor prayed for him. Someone came demanding for Pastor’s attention, and Femi passed an envelope packed with US dollars to him as he left. Now, Femi was left face to face with the lady, and he saw that she was as beautiful as her voice. Femi had never found himself in a situation he would have to woo a girl, so he found talking with her somehow difficult. 
“Did you enjoy the service?” she asked 
“It’s wonderful. So beautiful. In fact, our God is great.” He would have continued talking if he had not run out of words. 
“I heard you work in America.” She asked further
“Yes, Yes, I am working with an engineering firm. Do you find any problem with that?”
“No, I only want to thank God for your life.” She answered.
“So, what do I call you?” he asked for her name.
“Call me Yetunde. You are Femi, right?”
In the mist of the praying vigil, with their hands held in hands, Yetunde remembered that day she first set her eyes on Femi. She remembered how she had fallen in love with him at the spot. She was so much in love that, by the time Femi came back to proposed to her, she did not think twice. She dropped John and clinched to the Americana. 
John was a devoted young man in the same church who had shown interest in marrying Yetunde. He graduated two years ago and spent a year serving the nation. Since then, he had been searching for job and was yet to find any. He pleaded Yetunde with all he had but she seemed to have made up her mind to go with the rich America brother. She wasn’t ready to suffer with anybody. Two months after, they went to the altar to be joined as husband and wife. But the service was not concluded before her new husband left her at the altar and was knocked down by an oncoming car. Since then, she had been facing a lot of problems. “I hope I have not carried another person’s bone?” She kept lamenting in regret while the prayer went on. 
“In Jesus name, we prayed.” The brother leading the prayer session shouted
“Amen!” They all responded. 
As they waited for the next prayer point, Pastor Titus left his post, came into the middle, and faced Kemi: “The Holy Spirit said you did something in an attempt to stop your son from marrying the lady called Mercy. The Lord has to start from there, for there shall not remain any hidden truth that will not be revealed. Woman, you have to confess now before we can continue.”
Kemi sought compassion through the anxious looks fixed on her and felt trapped down in the jungle of no pretence. Without this confession, her son might remain insane forever and the words were too big to convey. She knew at the end of her confession, most of these people who have been regarding her with respect would run away from her. Some might even develop hatred towards her. She could speak for Rose. She knew she will never forgive her. With a stammering tongue, she began to speak: “I, hum, it’s true I did not want my son to marry her. I did not want to have anything to do with her family. I invested my love and trust into that family and they have really disappointed me over the years. Again I was afraid of what people will say. I was filled with hatred and grieve for the family.”  She hesitated, looked up with reddened eyes, and continued: “Pastor, they killed my step brother for money.”
“What did you do to her?” Pastor probed, trying to encourage her go straight to point.
She found herself between the devil and the red sea, totally confused. She faced Rose and cried: “Rose, please forgive me. It wasn’t my intention.” She composed herself and sustained: “When I realized it was impossible to make Femi reason along with me, I ran to a friend of mine. She lost her son few years before Junior was killed and she believed Chief Chidi was responsible. She was also one of those that stood behind me and was forbidding me from allowing Femi to marry Mercy.” She paused and said further: “When I explained to Mama Tayo, she demanded for eight hundred naira, which I paid immediately, and she told me to inform her whenever Mercy was around. The day she came to my house with Femi, I have to send a message to her. I did not know she was going to kill her. She arranged for those that killed her. Femi was shot with a plastic bullet. She also arranged for the hospital and the doctor that treated Femi.” She cried louder, and pleaded again: “Mercy, please forgive me o. I didn’t mean to kill you. Please, leave Femi alone. Attack me instead.” She started rolling on the ground, crying profusely. 
The people were shocked at this revelation. They all felt weakened. They looked at her in dust and pitied her, yet they could not console her. Rose was infuriated. Almost everybody in her life had disappointed her. She felt like getting gun and shoot the substance rolling like drum in the dust but then, she realized that it was a quest for revenge that took Kemi to that length. She was confused what to do with life and people. She just left the circle and walked away. 
“Sister, where are you going?” one of the people asked. 
“Let her be alone for some time.” Another person counselled.
Pastor faced the praying team and said: “Let’s come together, please. We shall pray now. Let us pray against every spirit and agent enforcing the blood covenant in detriment of this fellow, Brother Femi Adeshokan. No causeless cause shall stand in his life. Every word he had spoken, every vow or promised he had made, that is now working against his life must be quashed. There is no blood covenant stronger than the covenant we have in the blood of Jesus. He shouted, instructing them to call ‘the name of Jesus’ three times, and shout ‘fire’ the fourth time. ‘Prayer!’ he shouted louder and they all began to pray”.
The people raised their voices at a thunderous pitch. This prayer session was hotter than those preceding it. Rose later joined them and the prayer went for some minutes before they were interrupted by Femi’s shout. They had to stop praying and, when they opened their eyes, Femi was rolling about, stretching and jerking himself, and vomiting fluids and blood. With spited blood all over his face and body, a lady ran to get a bowl of water with which they cleaned him up. Finished with cleansing Femi, and knowing that he had been made whole, they all erupted with sounds of joy. Victory at last! They filled the church auditorium with singing and dancing.
About ten minute later, while they were still celebrating and congratulating Kemi and her son, Femi went over to Pastor and Prayer Warriors, thanking each for their labour of love towards his deliverance. Then, he turned to his wife, Yetunde and appreciated her love and endurance with a warm hug. He moved over to Mr. Adejumo and prostrated before him, apologizing and appreciating.  
Kemi was filled with guilt, she wanted to see Rose one on one and beg her but was afraid of been humiliated. She knew what she did to her the last time she came to beg her after Junior’s death. On the other hand, Rose looked at Kemi and was happy for her. At last, Femi was delivered. She would have walked over to her to register her hearty congratulation but she had not fully recovered from the shock. “Kemi could send people to kill my sister? Unbelievable!” she ruminated. 
Pastor had gone inside his office with Femi when someone walked into the auditorium. They were all afraid but by the time he came closer, Fadekemi recognized him as the doctor at the Psychiatric Hospital. She looked at the wall clock, it’s about 3 a.m. 
“Doctor, how did you get to know this place? Why do you have to come this time of the night?” Kemi asked with surprise. 
“I am on night duty today. I just felt a strong desire to see Femi. That’s all.” answered the doctor.
“Wow. Praise God Femi is well. The Lord has done it. Come and see him.” Kemi testified and was taking the Doctor to Pastor’s office to see Femi when Pastor Titus voice was heard: “Stop there, in Jesus name.” as everyone’s attention was directed towards the scene, he continued: “I know you. I knew why you are coming. God had revealed everything to me.”
“But what is all this?” Doctor asked the confused Kemi who turned to the pastor with a questioning look. But Pastor Titus smiled and said: “No hidden secret shall escape this night’s Anointing. For tonight, the captive of the mighty shall be delivered. And even the lawful captives shall be freed.” He faced the doctor and began to speak in tongues. After a while, he decreed: “I break every evil divination. Break in Jesus name.”
Immediately, the doctor started rolling in the wind, and a feminine voice screaming out of him. He later fell on the floor and started transforming in the presence of all. He first changed to Nurse Titi, then to Nurse Mary, Nurse Amina, one other nurse and then a doctor at the hospital where Femi was first hospitalized. Again, he changed to Yetunde, then to Kemi, and finally turned to ‘the oath bearing’ Mercy. Every one of those ladies around including Kemi and Rose had taken few steps away from the spot. They did not see her until they realized the completion of the transfiguration. And now, the lady on the ground was terribly crying in a voice familiar to some of them. By the time they drew closer to her, they were frozen from head to toe.




**************
CHAPTER TEN
THE REVELATION
Whenever you judge Mercy’s act remember she did not plan it that way. Whenever you find a reason to accuse Femi, consider the force pushing him was on the inside of him. They were both victims of something called love. 
Love is real. Its existence is indubitable. Though, like any other invaluable treasure, it is very expensive and demanding. For it requires a lot of self-denying sacrifices. That explains why it is not easy to come by. The loves you feel so often are mere shadows, lusts, infatuations, or illusions; a kind that disappears at the instant of threat. 
True love comes like a wild rolling wind that sweeps you off your feet and tears down your defence. It is like the mighty Iroko tree that withstands the flood and bends for no storms. Like gold, true love weathers the storm, survives the heat of furnace, and comes out brighter in the end. Like death, it catches you without notice; no one plans to love, only finds self-loving. 
Mr. Adejumo came out in his original colour that morning: “You cannot marry anybody from this family. They are evil.” He told Yetunde his daughter, pulling her to himself: “Let us go. Or you want them to kill us as well?” But when others pleaded with him and asked for his patience, he went back to his seat, but was resolute within himself that never will his daughter follow Femi home. No, not after all that he had heard and saw. Even Yetunde herself was silently praying in her mind that her father would not change his mind. Immediately her father went back to his seat, she felt hope of going out of this shackle marriage was lost. She was fed up with all the wars and, with her mind no more in the marriage, she’s started regretting ever accepted Femi’s proposal. She pondered on the past and said: “Oh, John, will you forgive me?” 
The doctor had finally turned to Mercy. She was on the ground for some minutes and later vomited a charm. The atmosphere in the church was still tensed and frightening. No one could go closer to Mercy except the man of God. 
“Tell us all you know about Femi’s accident and madness” Pastor asked Mercy in a caring but commanding voice. He had asked the question before realizing that she was now her true person.
Mercy looked around and said in her usual lovely voice: “Sister Rose, Mama Femi, Femi. Hum… What a pity! I am not dead. No, I didn’t. You all believed I was dead but God arranged it in His own way and saved me.” She hesitated, looked round the hall, and continued: “I was shot that fateful day and I saw Femi being shot too. That is all I knew. By the time I opened my eyes,  I found myself in a mighty mansion. No one was in the entire building where I was locked up. It was a large, luxuriously decorated mansion. In the evening of the day, one man came in and introduced himself to me as Chief. He wasn’t too old; possibly in his mid-fifties. He told me he is in the same occult with my father, and revealed that, like my father, he regretted the day he was initiated into the evil club. He said he has sacrificed his four children and his wife to the god they serve. With that he has attained the top rank in the occult. Also, it was from Chief that I got to know who tried to kill me - Mama Femi.”
“But why, Mom?” Femi queried and wanted to move closer to his mother but the people withheld him.  “Why, why, mummy? Why?” He started to weep. The news was not new to any other person except Femi. He had not fully regained consciousness when his mother confessed her roles. 
Then Mercy continued: “Chief has a mirror in his living room, and through it I could see anywhere or anyone I wanted to see. It was through this mirror I saw Femi at the engagement. I felt my heart disappeared within me; I lost my breath. I felt I was losing the most important being in my life, seeing him marrying another lady. Though I cried and grieved over it, I was happy for Femi that he had successfully put the past behind him. On the wedding day, I tried to eat, but I could not. I tried to sleep but I found no peace within my mind. Then came the curiosity to be at the wedding ceremony. I strongly desired to see it with my eyes. So I went to the Chief and begged him. I explained my mind to him and he gave me this charm, the charm I just vomited. He put it on my forehead, made some incantations, and the charm entered into me. ‘That’s all you need to be invisible and transform to any living beings’, said the chief. It was with the charm that I became invincible and changed to persons as you saw earlier.”
She looked round and saw the distressed mind of her listeners. The silence in the auditorium was ominous. She fought back her sobbing tears and continued: “I walked into the church that morning with confidence. I saw so many people who had hitherto believed I was dead, and we greeted as I went my way. Every wedding agenda was successful until that time when Femi’s eyes met those of mine. From the altar, he pinned his eyes on me and I felt something burning in my stomach. Just of sudden I heard him shouted my name – ‘Mercy’. I almost melted where I was seated. Shivering, I jumped out of my seat and walked out fast. He called my name again and when I looked back and saw him following me, I pleaded that he should go back but he wouldn’t. So I did not intend to kill him. I didn’t mean what happened. I, I, I only wanted to see. God knows I did not do it’’.
The people shared her grief, seeing sincerity mixed with regret in her words. 
Mercy took a breather, and continued, half crying, half talking: “When I got home, I was surprised Chief knew about what happened already. I was about to tell him and ask why, when he cut me short with oration:
‘Magic is a deceit.
No one can deceive his or herself
You and he are one soul in two bodies
You may deceive everybody, but not him.’
He explained further that even if I was not there, something evil must happened that day. Femi may just slip and fall, his car may have accident or get attack by armed robbers. He said it was the words of our vows that came to effect.” She stopped, faced Femi and asked: “Can you remember, Femi? We vowed that if we ever married any other person, peace should be far from us.”
Shocked, people moved their eyes from Mercy to Femi for a moment before fixing back on her: “I did not intend to go meet him at the hospital. But one night I just felt like seeing him and I went to the mirror. In the mirror, I saw one doctor telling a nurse that Femi will not survive the next forty-eight hours. When I told Chief, Chief said Femi will die before twelve noon the next morning. I could not bear it. Even if I can’t marry him, I want him alive. I love him and don’t want him dead. I begged for help. Chief was not ready to help but when I continued begging, he later decided to help. He left that night and never came back until nine in the morning. I could not sleep, I could not sit down. He came back with two balms. He said I should use one to rub his head before twelve noon and the other one I should use to rub the finger he cut the day he was to make the vow. I came to the hospital as invisible being, a few minutes past eleven. Hum…!” 
She flank her gaze on Pastor Titus, and continued: “Pastor, you’ll remember I met you in the ward that day, and my sister and Mama Femi. You were about praying but I could not wait. I knew what was at stake. I went straight to where he was laid and uncovered his head. I was surprised his mother noticed it.”
“So you are the invisible hand!” Kemi bellowed.
Mercy looked at her direction and continued: “I applied the first balm as instructed and Femi came alive shouting my name. I was very happy. I saw joy in all of you and I was glad. I felt fulfilled. The work of the second balm was to keep Femi from the evil of the violated covenant. Whenever I came around to apply the balm, Femi will shout my name. Even when I came in disguise, he could not be deceived. At first, I could not withstand it, I had to run back. But when I realized it was what I must do, I started going closer to him and rub the balm on the finger. But Femi had always wanted something more.”
“Femi was not mad. When you saw him spoke with the wind, someone was actually in the air. I was. When you saw him laughing alone, someone shared his joy in the wind. I did. It was a pity no one understands, but that was immaterial. But then I saw you crying, I saw your tears. I felt your pains. I have my life to live as well. So when you moved him away from the psychiatric hospital few days ago, I did not want to follow you. I wanted him to be free in mind but that will not be possible until the power of the blood covenant is broken. That is what Chief kept telling me. And I begged him to please do something about it but he was helpless. He said it is beyond what he could do. He even said it has no reversal. We were on that few hours ago when a powerful force took a hold of me, stared my intestine and flushed my system. By the time I came back to my senses, I saw blood all over my body. The red carpet in the living room was stained with the blood. I was still wondering what happened to me when I saw Chief coming with a bowl of water. He was very happy for me ‘Congratulations’ he said and passed the water to me. He asked me to clean myself up and when I was through he announced to me that the power of the blood covenant has just been broken. I cannot believe it. I found it too great to be true. Chief took me to the mirror and showed me what was happening here. I saw Femi on the ground; he had just finished vomiting blood as well.”
It was obvious that when Femi was vomiting blood in the church, Mercy was also vomiting at Chief’s mansion. What a powerful being God is? He filtered the volume of blood that had been taken years ago from the normal blood in the system and flushed it out.
Mercy tried to frame some smiles but sadness could still be traced in her face: “I am very happy that Femi and I are no more under the spell of the blood covenant. We are no more bound to be together but I still love him. I really do. The more I thought of it, the more it dawn on me that it is too late.” She faced Femi and tender a congratulation: “Congrats and happy married life, Femi. Goodbye.”
“Please, don’t say goodbye.” Mercy was shocked to hear that. She looked back and saw Femi enveloped with passion and desire. Tears ran down from his cheeks. Kemi tried to caution him.
Someone called his name: “Femi”
He looked at the direction of the voice and it was his mother calling and to her he responded:  “This time, Mum, make sure you harm me. Kill me, Mum!”  Mercy wanted to take the opportunity to exit but she was just two steps away when he shouted: “I still love you Mercy.”  
People heard a sound of sincerity from his saying. Mercy looked back and could not move an inch. Femi went closer to her, drew her back to where others were sitting and said: “I have a question to ask. This question has been bugging my mind ever since I came back from the States. Chief Chidi died same year I travelled, isn’t it?” 
Rose and Kemi confirmed he was right. 
“Who paid my school fees and allowances for the remaining years I spent in America? Had it been that school fee was not coming, I would have known that something was wrong at home.”
Silence fell again. When no response was coming forth, Femi became confused and felt as if a ghost paid his school fees.
“I did.” Mercy’s voice rang.
Shocked, Femi asked: “You did what?” 
“I wanted you to have a good education. I had built my hope around you, believing you were going to come first in your final exams in school. I knew no one could compete successfully with you. But when Dorcas’ father manipulated the result, I persuaded my dad to send you instead of Dorcas, since it was clear that the result was influenced. He decided to send two of you. When he died, I found it more painful to have you come back to Nigeria without completing your education. So I sought for the account number and I got it. I paid your school fee and allowance. I know you, Femi. I knew if I did not pay for Dorcas you can give her yours and start searching for another means. So, I paid her fees as well. I did it for you, Femi. And continued paying for the three years left? Yes, I saw that the families had fallen apart and it was glaring that we can no longer get married. But I have to do it.” Mercy explained. She did it not to bribe him but to express love.
“All for me?” Femi asked. 
“All for love, Femi.” She replied and was about going again when Femi held her hand.
“So, has the love died? So soon?”
 “Femi, you are married’’ she retorted and Femi made a sharp turn to Pastor Titus, who had been watching the scene with amazement. 
“Can I still change your mind, Sir? Can I still make another choice, the right choice? Now?”
“Elm, elm… You see, according to the Holy Bible, you are not permitted to go back on your nuptial vow. You are married. It supposed to be forever.” 
“But I wasn’t myself when I walked to the altar. I was deceived. I thought my love has died”. 
Another round of silence took over. This time, the silence was punctuated by each and all: “Ah!”; “Ahh!” “Eehh…”; “Huh-humm!”; “Enh!”; “Eeyaah’. 
The pastor came in at last: “But remember you are married to sister Yetunde.” 
“No, Pastor, we never did. It was an aborted weeding because there was neither an exchange of vow nor ring. More so,  I am wearied of the whole mess.”  Yetunde interrupted, moving closer to Pastor Titus: “Pastor, please, let them alone. Let their relationship be. Femi can’t be mine. He is not my husband.” She was trying to stop the tears but it kept descending from its fountain down her cheeks.  “I know where I missed him; I lost my God given husband through covetousness. I fall-in for Femi because he’s an Americana and rich. My error is so clear. God please have mercy on me.” She started pacing to and fro the aisle, sobbing. She sat down on the floor, shouted in lamentation, and suddenly rose again and spoke gesturing to Pastor Titus: “Pastor, can’t you see? Mercy is the bone of his bone, the flesh of his flesh. I never knew she was the one who cooked the stew I coveted. Pastor, please let her eat the fruit of her labour.” 
Yetunde stopped and faced Mercy: “Sister Mercy, You worth my praise and that of all lovers. I praise you. You are the true Venus. You’re a goddess of love.” She ran to her father, fell on his laps, weeping profusely. He gently lifted her up, cuddled her by shoulders, and sobbed for her as the exited. 
Kemi left her seat, sluggishly. She began to walk through brethren, passing in front of Pastor and stopped by Femi’s side. At first, she wanted to talk but words failed her. Then, facing Mercy, she said: “Hum… Femi once told me that you are his life. He called you his happiness. I did not understand his saying then. But, thank God, today I know it better. If you weren’t his life and happiness, would you have saved him these many times? You helped him, saved him, gave him hope for the future, and procured for him a reason to live again. Indeed, you are his joy.” She burst to tears and knelt down in front of her, her tears falling on Mercy’s feet: “Iya mi. Please, forgive me, Mercy.” Mercy went down on her knees and hugged her for a while, robbing tears with tears. Rose stood up from her seat and joined them, and together, the trio celebrated love with tears.
The great night remained fresh in the hearts of the couple and every other people in attendance. It was indeed a night of great revelation. 
Femi and Mercy had their traditional wedding five weeks after. Makan was very happy he witnessed such a great wedding in his life time. The quarrels in the two families were sorted and peace got its root. 
What goes round comes round. When your love or desire turns round, never give up, it will soon complete the cycle. Yetunde and John got wedded fourteen months after. Mr. And Mrs. Femi Adeshokan were fully represented with a baby boy in their hands.




**************
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Aristarchus Oluleke, Ajagbe is the C.E.O. of Mastery Pictures Networks Ltd. An Accounting Graduate of the University of Lagos, Ajagbe has a rich experience in finance and banking for his six-year working experience before he resigned to his passion of film production and book writing. His company has since 2011 successfully produced many movies and TV series.
He is happily married to Seunfumi and they are blessed with Emerald, their beautiful daughter. 




**************
OTHER BOOKS BY THE SAME AUTHOR
The following titles are books by the author
Sergeant Salako




**************
AUTHOR’S CONTACTS
In case you enjoyed this book, kindly leave a note @ Smashwords. You can also contact Ajagbe Aristarchus Oluleke @Mastery Pictures Networks Ltd, Alagbado, Lagos, Nigeria
Phone: +2348023789752
E-mail: aoajagbe@gmail.com ; masterypicture@gmail.com 
Web: http://masterytv.net
Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/HerJarGBE
Friend me on Facebook: http://facebook.com/AjagbeAristarchusOluleke
Follow me on Instagram: http://instagram.com/masteryleke 
Message me on: https:/www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ AjagbeAristarchusOluleke
