
Our Broken Pieces


Copyright 2020 Monica Clayton
Published by M.E. Clayton

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The entire content is a product of the author's imagination and all names, places, businesses, and incidences are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons (living or dead), places or occurrences, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner, whatsoever, without the express written consent from the author, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Formatting: Smashwords
Cover: Adobe Stock

Warning: This book contains sexual situations and other adult themes. Recommended for 18 years of age and over.
Table of Contents
Author's Note
Contact Me
Dedication
Playlist
Prologue
Part I
1. Mystic
2. Gage
3. Mystic
4. Gage
5. Mystic
6. Gage
7. Mystic
8. Gage
9. Mystic
10. Gage
11. Mystic
12. Gage
13. Mystic
14. Gage
Part II
15. Mystic
16. Gage
17. Mystic
18. Gage
19. Mystic
20. Gage
21. Mystic
22. Gage
23. Mystic
24. Gage
25. Mystic
26. Gage
27. Mystic
28. Gage
29. Mystic
30. Gage
31. Mystic
32. Gage
33. Mystic
34. Gage
35. Mystic
36. Gage
37. Mystic
38. Gage
39. Mystic
40. Gage
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books
Author's Note
Just a couple of things before I let you go and get your read on. While I am doing my best to work with better editing and proofreading software, all my books are solo, independent works. I write my books, proofread my books, edit my books, create the covers, etc. I have one beta who gives me feedback on my stories, but other than that, all my books are independent projects.

That being said, I apologize, in advance, for the typos, grammar inconsistencies, or any other mistakes I may make. Since writing is strictly a hobby for me, I haven't looked into commitments in regard to publishers, editors, etc. My hope is that my stories are enjoyable enough that a few mistakes, here and there, can be overlooked. However, if you're a stickler for grammar, my books are probably not for you.

Also, I am an avid reader-I mean an AVID reader. I love to read above any other hobby. However, the only downside to my reading obsession is when I fall in love with a series, but I have to wait for the additional books to come out. And because I feel that disappointment down to my soul, when I started publishing my works, I vowed to publish all books in my series all at once. No waiting here?LOL. Now, the exception to that will be if enough readers request additional stories based off the standalone, such as in Facing the Enemy. At that point, if I decide to move forward with a requested series, I will make sure all additional books are available all at once. As much as this is a hobby for me, I am writing these books for all of you, as well as myself.

Thank you, for everything!
Contact Me
I really appreciate you reading my book and I would love to hear from you! Now, unfortunately, because I do have a full-time job, and a family I love spending time with, at this time, I'm afraid it would be very hard for me to maintain a multitude of social media sites. However, for the sites I do participate in, here are my social media coordinates:


Website 


Facebook 


Instagram 


Email 


Newsletter 
Dedication
For my husband-

My Nicholas, Chase, Julian, Kane,
Marcus,
Damien, Will,
Theo,
Ramsey, Liam, Deke, Ace,
Callum,
Mason, Aiden, Gabriel, Michael,
Kade,
Nixon, Lincoln, Jackson,
Talon,
Phoenix, Ciro, Luca, Nico,
Francisco,
Styx, Sterling,
Samson, Ford, Raiden, Duke, Alistair,
Sayer, Nathan, and Gideon
all rolled into one.

I love you.
Playlist
Light Me Up Again - Ingrid Michaelson

so·ci·o·path
/?s?s???paTH/
noun
1.a person with a personality disorder manifesting itself in extreme antisocial attitudes and behavior and a lack of conscience.



psy·cho·path
/?s?k??paTH/
noun
1.a person suffering from chronic mental disorder with abnormal or violent social behavior.



Psychopaths are born.
Sociopaths are made.
Prologue
The pain is like it always is. Unbearable.
The tears are like they always are. Real.
The desire is like it always is. Fiery.
The bond is like it always is. Unbreakable.
And the insanity of it all is like it always is. Consuming.
With every thrust into my body, my heart beats just a little faster while my soul dies a little inside.
How can a person feel so alive and as if they're dying, all at the same time?
It's a question I've been asking myself since I was fourteen. It's also a question I've been trying to answer for just as long.
So far, all I've managed to come up with was that I was weak, along with being...deranged.
I mean, I had to be somewhat mentally dented to be here; to be doing what I was doing, right?
Something had to be wrong with me. I knew that. I knew there was something...damaged somewhere in my mind, but for the life of me, I couldn't pinpoint what it was.
I also learned that you didn't have to come from a damaged home to be damaged. You can come from a happy home with both parents who loved each other, a brother who was in college to become a veterinarian, and a sister who was in college to become a medical research scientist, and still be...wrong.
When you're damaged, though, you almost wish for a traumatic childhood you can blame your proclivities on. People sympathize with the damaged if they have a good reason for being damaged. There are support groups and counselors and all sorts of outreach programs where you can go and feel like you're getting help. Or, simply, like you're not alone.
But where do you go or who do you turn to when you don't have a good reason for all the darkness that resides inside your head? Where does an eighteen-year-old high school senior that comes from a loving family go to for that kind of help?
I had nowhere to go and no one to talk to, and so I ran.
I ran away from my thoughts. I ran away from my feelings. I ran away from the real me.
I ran, and ran, until the day I got caught.
Or, rather, until the day someone caught me.
After years of confusion and shame, one boy noticed me and saw right through me until I had become a helpless outlet for his own personal demons. We were both fourteen the first time he grabbed me by the arm and had whispered in my ear, "I see you."
I remember being terrified, but...excited, too. I remember the hope that bloomed in my chest at the possibility that I'd finally found someone I could share myself with. Little had I known that the boy I thought would become my confidant would be the boy who would turn me into his prisoner.
After a full year of torturous games, we had been only fifteen when I had first let him use me with no regard. I had caved to the darkness and had spilled all my wicked, depraved desires all over the floor at his feet. And for three years, he's been picking them up, one by one, and toying with them however he saw fit.
The pain was welcomed. The tears were genuine. The desire was brutal. The bond was unhealthy. And the insanity was the only thing that made it all bearable.
My face was pressed up against the wall and my jeans were pushed down around my knees. My palms were flat against the wall, but I hadn't bothered to use them to protect my face. I let the force of his will throw me up against the wall and I stayed there like a good little weakling as he yanked my pants down and slammed his length into my body.
There should have been shame, and if I were normal, there would have been.
I should have stopped him, and if I weren't so fucked in the head, I would have.
It had hurt like it always did. And just like I always did, I welcomed it. I welcomed the punishing grip he had on my hips. I welcomed the brutal invasion that would leave me aching. I welcomed the maddening grunts expelled against my ear. I welcomed the crazed way he couldn't control himself once he got his hands on me.
I welcomed the insanity.

Part
I
Chapter 1
Mystic~
It was hard to escape the realities of adulthood when we were only six months away from graduating high school and the big, bad, real world was just looming on the horizon. Everywhere you went, everyone was talking about prom or graduation or college.
There were also fresh tears spilling in random girls' restrooms all throughout Washington High. Relationships were sinking faster than the Titanic all over the place. Everyone was ready to start their new lives off at college or the military or wherever their plans were taking them. However, there were still a few serious relationships that were promising to last through the transition from high school teenager to young adult.
I prayed for those relationships.
I really did.
A wistful part of me wished for those relationships to work. I was rooting for them. I wanted them to have that rare story where they made it through all the pitfalls of adulthood. I wanted them to live into their eighties and still be together. The realistic part of me knew they'd need more than my simple prayers to make it, though.
They were going to need a damn miracle.
Sitting at the same lunch table I always sat at, I listened to my best friend, Margot, prattle on about her upcoming birthday party. While I had already turned eighteen a couple of months ago, Margot was hitting the big one-eight this weekend, and she had a huge party planned with damn near the entire school invited.
I smiled across the picnic table at my friend because I could feel her enthusiasm and it was contagious. I hadn't had a party for my eighteenth birthday, but I wasn't popular like Margot was. I was a book nerd with a few casual friends, and I was okay with that. The less people you knew, the safer all your secrets were.
"I'm so excited," Margot rushed on. "It's going to be so much fun." My smile widened. "And can you believe my mom agreed to let it be unchaperoned?" Margot's parents were divorced, and her father was absent from her life, so she grew up with a mother who walked the tightrope of parent and friend.
"I'm just wondering how you're going to be able to fit the entire school in your house," I joked. I wasn't kidding at Margot's popularity. She was a Washington High Tigers cheerleader, and she knew everyone. Take whatever stereotype idea you have of cheerleaders and erase it from your mind, though, because Margot was the opposite.
Margot was stunning with her dark red hair, bright green eyes, and her athletic build, but those were the only clichés you could lay at her cheerleading feet. She wasn't snobby or entitled or condescending. She wasn't a jock-whore or conceited. She was none of those things.
No.
Margot was nice to everyone and was smart as a whip. She stopped and said hi to everyone and she never tolerated nastiness or bullying. Margot Cross was genuinely liked by everyone and I couldn't imagine anyone not going to her birthday party.
"That's what the backyard is for," she laughed. "Besides, you're exaggerating just a bit, Missy." Margot was the only person who called me Missy, and I loved her for it.
While my parents were the best and my home life was happy and blessed, I still wracked my brain wondering where the hell my parents had come up with the names for me and my sister and brother. They weren't hippies or druggies. They had no good reason for naming me Mystic, my sister Destiny, or my brother Alaric. Drugs. Drugs would have been a good reason but that wasn't the case. My mother claimed that she had wanted our names to mean something, but with the exception of Alaric-which meant all-powerful ruler-mine and Destiny's names were stripper names, much to my mother's denial and our dismay.
Sure, Destiny's name was synonymous with fate and had meaning but it was also a name plastered on a locker in the back room of a strip club.
And Mystic just sounded ridiculous. I had spent all my life trying to get people to call me Missy instead, but my mother refused, and my father wasn't going to sleep on the couch for calling me Missy. Alaric and Destiny refused because they weren't going to be the only ones suffering through life with ridiculous names, so that left Margot.
"Well, no matter, I'm sure it's going to be a great party, Mar," I replied.
She arched a perfectly plucked brow as she said, "By the way, I forgot to tell you, guess who asked me to prom?"
I almost rolled my eyes. It was a safe bet that every single guy at Washington High has probably asked her to prom already or was going to. "Who?" I asked out of curiosity. If she was mentioning a random invite, there had to be a reason.
"Chance McQueen," she replied, causing my stomach to roll.
I did my best to act casual as I picked up a french fry from my lunch tray and popped it in my mouth. It bought me a few precious seconds, but I could swear Mar could see my heart trying to beat out of my chest. I swallowed my fry and asked, "Really?"
Margot's smile was all teeth. "He caught me after cheerleading practice to tell me he was coming to my party, and then he just asked me to prom. Kind of out of the blue," she said, shrugging a shoulder. 
Margot's party Saturday night was going to kick off the first party since we got back from Christmas break, and while I had nothing against parties, knowing Chance was going to be there had me wishing I could bow out. There was also the fact that he had asked her to prom. Why would he suddenly do that after all these years?
I prayed my face was impassive. "What did you say?"
Her grin was telling. "I said yes," she squealed. "I said yes, Mys."
She said yes.
Margot was going to prom with Chance McQueen and that probably meant they were going to start hanging out more now.
I willed my voice to sound steady and casual. "I didn't know you liked him?"
She shrugged a shoulder again before saying, "C'mon, Mys. You can't deny the guy is gorgeous. Plus, he's the best wide receiver on the football team. And he's just...fucking hot, Missy." She pretended to fan herself. "The boy is red-hot sexy."
She wasn't lying.
Chance McQueen was gorgeous in the only way guys with blonde hair and blue eyes could be. He was tall, strong, athletic, charming, and just good-goddamn-looking. He was Hollywood good-looking. He was All-American good-looking. And there have been plenty of times I've passed the guy when he was fresh from football practice, dirty and sweaty, and I'd tripped on my own two feet, staring at him.
"I just...well, you've never mentioned liking him or anything," I added lamely.
"The guy's hot, but I'm not one to chase dick, Missy," she replied. "But now that he's asked me to prom, well?" She trailed off, leaving all the implications of her sentence hanging between us.
I put on my best smile. "Well, I think you guys will make a great...team. Date. Couple," I stammered.
Her grin was back in full force. "I know, right?"
I wanted to be happy for her. I really did. By all accounts, Chance was a good guy, and objectively, they would make a great couple. But with Chance McQueen came along Gage Evans, and therein laid the problem. Where Chance was a good guy, Gage Evans was not.
Gage Evans was everything I should avoid.
Gage Evans was not a good guy.
Chapter 2
Gage~
Normally, I didn't care who Chance fucked, but him asking Margot Cross to prom was a blindside I hadn't seen coming.
Sure, over the years, he's mentioned how hot she was and that he wouldn't mind getting his dick wet with her, but I never thought he'd actually ask her to prom. Chance didn't do relationships. He dated girls but it was casual dating, and everyone knew the score. He's never asked a girl to prom, the winter formal, or even a goddamn movie. Chance hung out with girls, and if he was lucky-which the bastard was-he got laid more often than not. So, when he told me he had asked Margot Cross to prom, I had been surprised.
Then pissed.
While Chance was my best friend, I had a whole world of secrets he knew nothing about and him dating Margot Cross threatened those secrets.
My family belonged to the 'right' side of Cranston, California. My father was a medical doctor, and my mother was a family psychiatrist. We lived in a two-story modern home, complete with all that the new-age automation crap, and it was important that I lived up to the image that was expected of me. And because of that expectation, I guarded my secrets fiercely.
We were in the locker room, ready to hit the football field, when Chance had made his little announcement about asking Margot Cross to prom. Our lockers were next to one another, so it was easy to have semi-private conversations in here without having to shout across the room and noise.
I pulled my shirt up over my head and looked over at him. "Why?"
Chance threw me a smirk as he started unbuttoning his pants. "Don't be like that, G," he chuckled. "Margot Cross is hot as fuck, dude, and you know it."
Margot Cross was a hot piece of ass, there was no denying it. And by all accounts, she was a good person, too. She was popular and kind to everyone. I didn't hang out with her or talk to her, but there were plenty of rumors going around that she had given it up to her ex-boyfriend, Timothy Carr, last year, but then quickly dumped him after she'd found out she hadn't been the only one he had been getting pussy from. Timothy, in turn, did what all insecure assholes did; he had started spreading rumors about her. Unfortunately for him, he had underestimated just how much people liked Margot, so his bullshit never stuck, and now it was like he never existed.
"I'm not saying she isn't," I replied as I started removing my jeans. "I'm just surprised." I shucked my jeans. "You've never mentioned liking her before. And since when do you ask girls to prom? Not to mention, it's still months away."
He pulled on his undershirt, and then looked over at me. "I'm not looking to marry her, G. It's just fucking prom."
My brows shot up. The defensiveness was new, too. Chance was usually super laid back. "Hey, man, no need to get pissy about it. I was just wondering what changed." If shit were just casual and Chance just wanted to fuck her, I could work with that. But if he really liked her, that might change things, and if so, I needed to know.
The drop in my gut was instant when he said, "I like her, okay." Fuck. "I never made a play because she was dating that asshole for all that time, and then when she dumped him...I don't know. I guess I just wanted to give her time to move on from him. Girls are funny about their first."
I made sure to keep my face impassive at his comment about girls being funny about their first. He had a point, though. Whether good or bad, girls will always remember the guy they gave their virginity to and it didn't necessarily have anything to do with the guy himself. They'll remember their first time because it's their first goddamn time. Just like most guys remember the first time they ever sank their dick inside a warm, wet pussy, most girls will remember the first time they were torn apart. Eve really fucked the game up for women everywhere when she ate that goddamn apple.
We finished gearing up in silence, but when we were about to head out onto the field, I asked, "But why start something now, Chance? We graduate in six months. What happens if you end up really liking this girl?"
Chance shrugged his shoulder. "I haven't gotten that far," he admitted. "If it works out, maybe we make it clear that this thing has an expiration date. I dunno."
And expiration date.
I wanted to laugh, but I didn't. Arrangements and agreements sounded all good and well while you were making them, but emotions didn't have expiration dates. Love, hate, heartbreak...you didn't stop feeling those emotions just because you abided by the agreed upon deadline.
"Well, good luck with that," I replied, trying my best to sound supportive. "She's a cool girl." The words sounded lame even to my ears, but this shit was fucking with me.
Chance cocked his head and gave me a queer look. "Uh, thanks," he muttered.
We headed out towards the football field with the rest of the team without saying anything more about Margot Cross, but she was resting heavily on my mind. Football was coming to an end with only a couple of more games left in the season, so I wasn't overly concerned with practice. I loved football and I knew a few scouts have been checking me out lately, but I loved practicality more. No matter how good I was at throwing the football, I planned on going to college for a sensible and tangible degree.
I wasn't the type of person who could be blinded by money, women, or fame. That just wasn't my character. I knew if you chose a career in professional sports it could all come crashing down with just one injury or an awful scandal. If I did decide to play football professionally, I still wanted something I could fall back on, so I made football second to reality. Or it could be that football was third on my list of priorities.
We got out onto the football field, and immediately to the left of the entrance, we could see the cheerleaders practicing on the sidelines. I glanced over at Chance, and, yep, his eyes automatically searched Margot out and I knew I was fucked when I noticed Margot seeking Chance out, a wide smile plastered on her face.
These two assholes were going to start dating.
Standing in the middle of the football field, I wasn't listening to a word Coach McGillis was saying. I was too busy noticing how Chance was standing next to me with hearts in his fucking eyes. Now, don't get me wrong. As much as I hated the idea of Chance dating Margot, I would never do anything to sabotage whatever he was going to try to build with her, whether marriage and kids or a one-night stand. I just didn't like it.
I didn't like having to share my space with people. I had a shitload of acquaintances, but Chance was my only real friend. I could hang out in crowds and I could party with the best of them, but my conversations were superficial at best and no one knew the real me. Chance didn't even know the real me.
Wait.
That was a lie.
There was one person who knew the real me.
There was one person who saw right through the perfect high school football god and saw what really made me tick.
She knew the truth about what really made my heart pound inside my chest; what really made me feel alive. She couldn't be snowed, and she saw what everyone else around us were too blind to see.
Mystic Anderson.
Mystic Anderson who also happened to be Margot Cross' best friend. She was the person I did my best to avoid. She was the person I went out of my way to not interact with in public.
I avoided the shit out of that girl when I could, but if Chance were going to start dating Margot, that would all come to an end. I was going to start seeing her more often and that wasn't good.
Nothing about any of this was good.
Chapter 3
Mystic~
"How was school today?"
I walked into the kitchen towards my mother's voice, and I found her standing between the stove and refrigerator prepping for dinner. It was already close to five because I had hung out at Margot's after school for a bit, helping her with the last-minute arrangements for her party.
My mother, Destiny, and Alaric all shared the same dark blonde hair and chocolate-colored eyes. And while Alaric inherited our father's build, anyone with eyes could tell they were all related. I took after Dad with my dark brown hair, dark brown eyes, and heart-shaped face. I was also...uh, not slim. I wasn't fat but I wasn't statuesque like Destiny. I had curves but I didn't hate on them. I accepted them like everything else in life I couldn't change.
I sat down at the kitchen island. "It was fine," I replied. "Everyone's still getting back into the swing of things after Christmas break."
Mom stopped what she was doing and turned to face me. I almost groaned because I knew that look. Mom was about to start parenting. "Mystic, honey-"
I did groan. "Mooooommmm, can-"
"Mystic," she clipped out, interrupting my whining, "Alaric and Destiny had everything in line by this time when they were in high school."
I didn't want to be disrespectful because my parents really were good people. We lived a good life where we wanted for nothing and my parents could afford to send three kids to college. My father was a corporate attorney, and my mother was an elementary school principal. Luckily, Cranston was big enough to need three elementary schools, and Alaric, Destiny, and I had gone to Millerton Elementary where our mom hadn't been the principal.
Growing up in the Anderson household had been sickenly rather perfect. Sure, we'd had our fights over the years, and there were times when I had been certain the world was going to end because Destiny had ruined my favorite shirt and Alaric had made fun of my early-sprouting boobs, but our home had been, and still was, a good one.
We were blessed. I knew this. I knew this and I truly was grateful for it. But that still didn't mean my life was perfect. That I was perfect.
"That's because Alaric and Destiny knew what they wanted to be, Mom," I countered. "They had all their plans lined out because Alaric knew he wanted to be a veterinarian and Dez knew she wanted to be a scientist."
Mom turned around and I waited patiently as she washed her hands, grab the hand towel to dry them, then turn back around to face me. "Mystic, you don't have to decide the rest of your life right now," she started. "If you don't want to go to college, we are fine with that. But only if it's because you really don't want to go to college and not because you were just procrastinating."
Another reason why my parents were great? They weren't bullies. They weren't smothering and they've always respected the fact that while we were young, we still had our own minds, and it was ultimately our lives that we'd be leading. She really meant what she was saying. My parents didn't care if I lived my life washing dishes as a busboy at a local restaurant as long as I was happy. Gene and Layla Anderson were awesome like that.
"How do I know which school will be best for me if I have no idea what I want to do with my life, Mom?" I asked honestly. I felt like I was on...pause. Most everyone at school had at least a vague idea of what they'd like to do in life, but I had nothing. I had no serious passion for anything that I'd want to see or do for the rest of my life. I enjoyed music and l liked art, but not enough to make a living out of either. I was good with numbers, but I didn't have a passion for them. I had a solitary personality and that narrowed down my choices quite a bit.
My mother walked around the island and sat down next to me. "Honey, the only professions that need that kind of consideration are the ones where you'll need to go to medical school or law school afterwards, or something like that," she said, trying to explain real life to me. "College is still just another level in life where you try to find out who you are."
I thought about her words, but they still didn't make me feel better. "But what a waste of money if I can't figure it out. Or worse, drop out after only a year or two," I replied. I looked at my mom's concerned face. "Maybe I could take a year off, or something?"
She gave me a tight nod and I could see her considering the idea. "Maybe," she agreed. "But sooner or later, you're going to have to make a decision about your life, Mystic. You can't live here forever, hiding out from the world."
My back straightened. "I don't spend my life hiding from the world," I automatically denied.
Mom raised a brow and looked at me like she did whenever she knew we were full of shit. "Mystic, even though your father and I give you kids the freedoms we feel you deserve, that does not mean we don't pay attention or know what's going on in your lives."
My heart dropped and I wondered if this was what it felt like to have an honest-to-goodness heart attack. There's no way she could know what I was up to. There's no way she could know what I was about. If she did, there's no way she'd let it continue. There's no way she and my father would not have shipped me off to Berlin or somewhere by now if they knew.
"Wh...what do you mean?"
She let out a soft sigh. "I'm talking about how Margot is your only friend, and if you're not with her, you're studying at the library, or holding yourself up in your room," she replied. "You never go to parties or any sports games or...anything, Mystic."
"That's not true," I denied. "I'm going to Margot's party this weekend."
Mom rolled her eyes and I found it odd whenever an adult did that. It was such a teenage thing to do. "The only reason you're going to her party is because it's her eighteenth birthday party and you're her best friend, Mystic," she retorted. "If it wasn't for that, we both know you wouldn't be going."
I deflated because she was right. I did hide from the world, but not for the reasons she thinks. I wasn't shy. I wasn't timid. I wasn't anti-social.
I was...was broken.
I was broken and I didn't know how to interact with people who weren't. Margot and I became friends when I was too young to know that I was broken and that was the only reason we were best friends.
Well, as best of friends as I could allow. You didn't gamble with uncertainty. I knew Margot loved me to pieces, but would she still if she knew the real me? Highly unlikely, that. I wasn't ignorant to the fact that people shied away from things they didn't understand. They judged, even if they didn't want to. The more people learned about what made you tick, the more skewed their perception of you became. It was natural to pick apart what you didn't understand, even if it was wrong.
That was the reason there were so many anonymous chatrooms and secret clubs. People wanted to be able to purge their perversions, their anger, their contempt, their desires, etc. without being judged for it.
I was also lying through my teeth about college. Oh, it was true that I didn't know what I wanted to do in life, but that wasn't my only hang up. Like the rest of my secrets, there was another reason, known only to me, why I wasn't in a hurry to apply to colleges and start that new phase of my life.
It was because I was pathetic.
I was pathetic, and do you know how hard it was to balance being independent but pathetic? It wasn't easy. It wasn't easy to have a handle on all aspects of your life but one.
The one that had the power to destroy everything else.
Chapter 4
Gage~
I walked into the house and saw the suitcases lingering in the foyer of our house that was way too big for just the three of us, but, you know, appearances and all, and that familiar pang in my chest shook my mental state like it always did.
Mom was going out of town on another psychiatric convention or whatever, and that meant Dad was going to feed his demons and I was going to have to either watch or find somewhere else to stay for the weekend.
It was a no-brainer. I always stayed at Chance's when I could.
"Oh, Gage, honey," my mom rushed out as she came out of the living room and into the foyer. "I'm so glad football practice didn't run over. I was hoping to see you before I left."
I hitched my backpack up higher on my shoulder and raked my eyes over her luggage. "What's all this?"
She shook her head and her face looked like it held the weight of the world on it. "I have an emergency in Toledo," she replied. "A patient of mine was visiting family, and I'm still not sure what's going on, but I got a call from one of their local hospitals claiming to have her on suicide watch."
I listened to my mother and it was hard to tap down the hate I had for my father in this moment. Oh, the hate I felt for him was continuous but some days it was stronger than others. Maureen Evans was a devoted wife, mother, and doctor, and my father ignored all of that by being a selfish prick. Yeah, I might be a coward, but my cowardice came from a good place. There was nothing good about Quinten Evans.
"How long will you be gone?"
She glanced at her watch before looking at me and doing her best to place a comforting smile on her face. She knew I got...restless whenever she went away. "I'm going to do my best to be back by Monday, Gage," she answered.
It was only Thursday.
I said the only thing I could think of. "I'm sorry to hear about your patient."
Her tentative grin turned into a genuine smile. "Thanks, honey," she replied. "And I'm sorry I'm going to miss your game tomorrow night."
I shrugged a shoulder. "It's okay," I assured her. "The season's almost over and you've been to all the other games. It's okay."
Her phone pinged and I watched as her fingers flew over the screen. Her dark blue eyes, the ones that matched mine, found me again as she said, "That's the car service. I need to get going."
I dropped my backpack on the floor and reached for her two bags. She gave me a grateful smile before turning to open the front door and walking out. I followed her in silence and a part of me wanted to beg her to stay. Not because I was in any danger, but because I was tired of lying to her.
I was tired of keeping my father's secrets.
It was tiresome to have to hold on to his secrets as well as my own.
The driver got out of the car when he saw us and immediately reached for my mother's bags as we approached the car. I handed them over and my mom gave me the last minutes of her time as he placed her bags in the trunk of the car.
"I'll text you when I land, okay?"
I nodded and did my best to school my features. "Be careful, Mom," I told her.
She smiled again. "I always am, Gage." She leaned in to kiss my cheek and I stuck my hands in my pockets and watched in silence as the driver ushered inside the car. It wasn't until they were around the corner and out of sight that I finally walked back towards the house. I could feel the tension in my shoulders starting to settle in, but there was nothing I could do about it right now.
Later.
Later, I'll be able to purge the hate, resentment, and anger.
Right now, though, I had to do some homework and inform Chance I was crashing at his place this weekend.
See, when the world looked at Quinten Evans and saw a loving husband, supportive father, and respected doctor, all I saw when I looked at Quinten Evans was a bastard of a man who hid behind his money, status, and family image. My father wasn't a loving husband or a supportive father where it counted. Oh, he was a respected doctor and had the skills to back up his medical reputation, but he was a farce, an empty image.
Granted, we were both cut from the same cloth as I, too, was a farce. I was a practiced actor and manipulator. I manipulated people into seeing what they wanted to see, very much like my father did. Of course, I learned from the best, so there was that.
One night, when I was twelve-years-old, I was supposed to have stayed the night at Chance's while my mother had gone off to a psychiatric convention in Baltimore, but I had gotten sick, and Chance's mom had driven me home. When we had pulled up to my house, we had seen the lights on, and so feeling confident that my father was home, Mrs. McQueen hadn't walked me to the door. She had waited patiently in the car until I had unlocked the front door and had gone inside. When we had tried calling my father earlier, he hadn't answered, so we had assumed he had either been asleep or that he'd had a medical emergency of some sort. What I never expected was what I had walked into when I had entered the house.
I had dropped my overnight bag in the foyer of the house and had followed the music, voices, and noises coming from my father's study. I hadn't given it much thought at the time and all I had wanted to do was let him know I was home and that I wasn't feeling well. What I had walked in on will never leave me and it had ruined me forever.
My father and a couple of his colleagues had been stripped down naked and were covered with women in the same state of undress. I was twelve-years-old and I had walked in on an orgy in my father's study.
Now, had it been a normal orgy, I might have been able to recover. I might have been able to conjure up the guts to tell my mom and out my dad.
But it hadn't been a normal orgy.
None of them had been.
Those women had been being battered. They had looked like they were getting beaten up, not fucked. My twelve-year-old eyes had first thought they were witnessing a fight of some sort, but when their nakedness had registered, I had thrown up all over the carpet.
I had run out of my father's office and it had taken him an hour to finally convince me to unlock my bedroom door; a decision I'll always regret. And instead of calming me down and apologizing, my father had been so high that he had dragged me down to his office and had given me an unwanted crash course in sex-ed. I had watched for hours as my father and his friends used and abused the women in the room. I had watched how they had degraded them and fucked them like worthless whores.
But what had really fucked my twelve-year-old mind up? I had been traumatized by how the women had seemed to like it. They had moaned and had begged for more, and they had never tried to run away.
When it was all over, my father had taken me aside and told me how important it was for me to keep his secret from Mom. He had explained that he loved and respected my mother so much, he couldn't do the stuff he did with those women to her. He had made it sound reasonable when he went on to guilt me into making sure my mother was never hurt by finding out. He had sworn to me that it would ruin her entire life. So, I had kept his secret. I kept his fucking secret, and I kept my mouth shut every time his friends and those women came over whenever my mom was out of town.
I also kept my mouth shut about how I had spent those first few times listening at the door for any cries for help, ready to help those women.
But they never came.
Those women had wanted to be in there.
Chapter 5
Mystic~
"I'm so nervous."
I looked over at Margot dressed in a stunning green baby-doll dress and nude heels with her hair pinned up and her makeup looking flawless, and asked, "Why on earth are you nervous? You're the most people-est person I know, Margot. You do crowds just fine." The corner of her bottom lip disappeared between her teeth and I was pretty sure she was going to chew the damn thing off. "Margot?"
She rolled her eyes and let out a tiny huff. "I'm nervous because of Chance," she admitted.
I schooled my features the best I could. "You really like him, don't you?"
Margot dropped on the foot of her bed. We were in her room as she finished getting ready for her party. I hadn't wanted to dress up, but she had begged, and so we had compromised. She backed off on my makeup and hair as I gave in to wearing a skirt with heels. I had nothing against dressing up, but I just felt more comfortable in jeans and hoodies.
"I don't know because I haven't ever really hung out with him, but he gives me butterflies, Mystic," she continued to confess. I almost groaned at her admission. I knew she was serious when she used my real name. Margot really wanted to start something with Chance McQueen.
"That's a good thing, right?" I knew all about butterflies, but mine were more like locusts taking their rightful place in the line of the Seven Plagues than cute butterflies of attraction.
She went back to chewing her lip before she asked, "What if it's a joke, Mys?" I sat down next to her when I realized she was truly worried about Chance's interest in her. This shit was serious. "What if...I don't know. Chance McQueen has never asked a girl out. I'm just not sure what this is."
I grabbed her hand and gave her a reassuring squeeze. "You're asking the wrong person these questions, Mar," I told her. "Only Chance can answer those questions."
Her pretty green eyes were full of self-doubt, and I hated that. "I just don't want to be the butt of a joke again," she whispered, and I wanted to kick Timothy's ass all over again. That sonofabitch will never know what a good thing he threw away in Margot Cross.
"You've never been the butt of a joke, Margot," I insisted. "The only person who looked like an ass when you and Timothy broke up was Timothy. Everyone sided with you."
"I know," she breathed out. "I know that, but...I still felt like a fool when I found out he was cheating."
"I know, Mar." And I did know. I was there as she endured her first real heartbreak and it had sucked. It had given me a new appreciation for people who have endured having their hearts broken and have had the courage to open themselves up for love again.
She shook her head and took a deep breath. "You're right," she said. "I just need to ask him, point-blank, what this is. We're graduating soon, so if it's a fling, I can do that. I just need to know that it's a fling."
I wanted to argue that I doubted it very much that she could leave this as a fling if she was already tying herself up knots over it, but I didn't want to bring her down and ruin her party vibe. "It'll be fine," I lied. "You could do worse than a fling with Chance McQueen."
She gave me a sly smile and I knew she was back. "I bet he's great in the sack."
I tried not to grimace. I didn't want to think about what Chance McQueen was like in bed. It was already bad enough that I might have to actually befriend the dude, I didn't need to know him any deeper than I might already have to.
Margot hopped off her bed and was giving herself one more onceover in the mirror as she said, "Oh, by the way, Dillon Mills is coming to the party and he asked me about you yesterday in Algebra."
What the hell?
"What?"
She turned to face me and threw me a saucy wink. "He asked me in class if you were going to be at my party. I told him you were, and he got this really huge grin on his face." She turned back towards the mirror. "You know, it's not the first time he's asked me about you."
I could feel my palms start to sweat and I felt guilty for rubbing them all over Margot's comforter, but better her bed than all over the skirt she forced me to wear. "I...I'm not...interested in Dillon," I told her.
Margot whirled around to face me again. "Mystic, you're never interested in anybody," she tossed out exasperated. "What's wrong with Dillon Mills?"
She was wrong.
I was interested in someone.
It just wasn't Dillon Mills.
"Nothing's wrong with Dillon," I replied. "I...I'm just not...interested in him."
"Well, then, who are you interested in?"
I looked up at my best friend in the whole wide world and wished, not for the first time, that I could tell her the truth, but I couldn't. It wasn't only my secret to tell, and I wasn't brave enough to risk what I had just to unburden my heart and mind. For the past few years, everything in my life has been a well-crafted lie, and the steps to make that possible were delicate indeed.
"Mar-"
She threw her arms out beside her very dramatically. "I mean, guys are dying to date you, left and right, and you couldn't care less," she went on. "I just don't get it."
I wanted to tell her that those guys who wanted to date me wouldn't want to if they knew the truth about me. But then again, maybe they would. Maybe all guys wished they could be free to do what they're designed to do.
What's a warrior if he has no one to fight and no lands to conquer?
Granted, not all women wanted warriors. Some women wanted soft and sweet. Some women were really all about the romance and gestures of love. And there was nothing wrong with that if that's what you really longed for.
I didn't want to fight with her, nor did I want to lie to her more than necessary, so I just said, "Cut me some slack, will ya?"
Margot sat back down on the bed and threw her arm around me. "I'm sorry, Mys," she apologized. "It's just...I'd like to see you have fun for once."
I rolled my eyes. "Guys bring on more problems than they do fun, Margot," I replied. "I'd rather keep things simple."
"Alright," she conceded. "But don't be surprised if Dillon hits on you tonight. He was very obviously in his interest in you."
I didn't need Dillon Mills hitting on me tonight. I didn't need him hitting on me at all. I had planned on making myself scarce once the party was in full effect, but it seemed like I was going to have to flat-out hide now.
"Don't worry about me," I replied, redirecting the topic. "Just worry about Chance and your epic party."
Margot went back to checking her appearance as she mumbled, "I hope there aren't any fights. I really want this party to be cool."
I stood up and stood behind her, facing the mirror. "You're worrying too much, Mar," I told her. "Everyone's going to be so happy to be able to have an unchaperoned party, I think they'll be too stoked to start fighting."
She smiled in the mirror. "You're right, Mys," she said, bracing herself in positivity. "This party is going to be great."
I just wish I could believe my lies as well as Margot did.
Chapter 6
Gage~
The party was packed by the time Chance and I showed up. There had been rumors that Margot's mother was going to let her have an unchaperoned party, and from the looks of things, the rumors had been true.
There was fucked-up shit going down everywhere.
Scanning the place, I could see people drunk off their asses and females dancing and grinding all over the place. The house resembled those teenage parties that you see in the movies where everyone is having a great time. It was uncanny.
It was also pissing me off.
I didn't want to be here. Fuck, how I didn't want to be here. Even stone-cold sober, I wasn't sure if I'd have the fortitude to act right if my demons started to take over.
Chance and I headed towards the kitchen and you could see liquor bottles lining up the kitchen counters. There were solo cups, shot glasses, and even a keg in the corner. You could hear splashing and laughter coming from the backyard, and as I looked through one of the windows, I could see girls clad in only their bras and panties playing in the pool. It was fucking January, for Christ's sake.
I looked back at Chance, and I swear, I wanted to tell him I was leaving.
But I didn't.
Instead, I asked, "Are you going to go look for your girl?"
Chance grimaced and I could tell he didn't like the scene any more than I did. Now, normally, we partied just as hard as the next teenage guy but when your girl was involved-and Margot was his girl now-things were a little different. No guy worth his balls would be comfortable with their girl partying without him. It wasn't a matter of trust, so much as a matter of safety. If you couldn't protect your girl, then you really served no purpose.
Looking around, there were higher stakes that weren't there before and Chance knew it. "Yeah," he mumbled. "There's no telling how wasted she is since it is her birthday and all."
I just gave him a tight nod and followed him into the living room, ignoring all the booze around us. I could admit, this was new for us, but I suspected things were going to change now that Chance had his sights set on Margot.
When we entered the dining room we were greeted with choruses of "Hey, Mr. QB is here", and "Chance, my man". We returned the greetings with our customary head nods, but our eyes were searching for Margot?well, Chance's eyes were searching for Margot. I was searching for the curvy, quiet sidekick of hers.
Mystic Anderson.
The girl that saw too much.
The girl I did my best to stay away from, but ultimately couldn't.
I cursed whatever it was that made Mystic Anderson cross my path that day, four years ago. We had only been into our second week of our freshman year at Washington High when she had passed me on her way to her locker, which had happened to be only six down from mine.
It had been a Monday after one of my father's sex-filled weekends and I had been...enraged still. But by that time, I was no longer a twelve-year-old confused boy.
No.
By that time, I was a damaged fourteen-year-old boy who had no healthy way to view a girl. Where most boys that age were ready to blow their loads from some simple soft petting, willingness didn't get me off. Violent images of girls, begging for it, was what had started getting my dick hard. And as much as I knew it was wrong and sick, I couldn't control the urges. They existed even if I didn't want them to.
The hate, anger, and disgust had to have been plastered all over my face that Monday but when I had turned and noticed Mystic looking at me, her face hadn't been one of apprehension or fear.
It had been a look of confused curiosity.
But then the fear finally did set in.
As we stayed staring at each other, long after the bell had rung, I had seen her.
I had seen her.
I had seen past the fear and whatever she had seen on my face had been turning her on. And I knew whatever she saw, it hadn't been the facade everyone else saw. She had gotten a glimpse into the darkness that simmered below the surface and she hadn't run.
I remember walking towards her and stopping long enough to whisper in her ear that I saw her. She had trembled but hadn't uttered a word in response. For over a year, I had stalked her until, one day, I had spotted her walking home, alone, after school.
I remember the fear in my veins. I remember the shortness of breath. I remember the adrenaline coursing through my body. I remember my vision clouding and seeing nothing but Mystic walking down the sidewalk.
I remember my hands shaking.
I remember feeling like I might throw up with the uncontrollable need to get my hands on her. I remember thinking my life was going to end as I knew it because I couldn't stop what I had been about to do.
I. Couldn't. Stop.
Like an addict who swears they won't do it anymore, but the addiction controls their actions, even while their mind is screaming at them not to do it, that had been me that day.
I'd only been fifteen, abusing my learner's permit, and my mind had been screaming at me to just keep on motherfucking driving. It had been telling me to look away and to just. Keep. On. Driving.
But I hadn't.
I hadn't because I couldn't. After over a year of pure torment, I couldn't stay away from Mystic any longer.
I had found a possibility in Mystic Anderson, and no matter right or wrong, my sanity wouldn't allow me to pass up the chance to find out what she could be to me.
I had pulled over as she was nearing the east side of the park, leading towards her neighborhood. I had pulled over and had followed her as she passed the park restrooms. As soon as I had made sure no one was around, I had grabbed her and dragged her into the restroom.
She had screamed in surprise, but once I'd had her up against the restroom wall and she saw that it was me, her screams had turned into frightened whimpers.
She had known why I was there.
I remember her fighting at first.
I remember her confusion and her distress.
But mostly, I remember how fucking wet her pussy had been when I had stuck my hand down her pants. I remember her not telling me to stop. I remember how she had cried, but I also remember how she had moaned like a porn star.
I remember the blood, too.
I remember the blood from her unused cunt, and I remember the blood from my bites. I remember the blood underneath her fingernails from fighting me, but I also remember the blood from where her nails had dug into my flesh as she came all over my cock.
It was the first time I had ever fucked a girl, and Mystic Anderson has been the only girl I've been fucking for the past three years. She was the only girl I could fuck because I was addicted to her and the things that she let me do to her.
I was also unreasonably in love with the girl.
I mean, seriously unreasonably so.
And now, passing the dining room towards the living room, I could see her standing next to Margot, talking, and apparently, having a good time.
My only problem with that was the good time she seemed to be having involved Dillon Mills, and knowing he wanted to fuck her, that was not a good thing.
Not a good thing at all.
Chapter 7
Mystic~
I knew the second he entered the room.
I can always feel when he's nearby.
I also knew Dillon Mills was standing way too close to me.
The only thing I didn't know was if it was going to be me or Dillion who was going to suffer for it.
The first time I had ever seen Gage Evans it had felt like being hit with a lightning bolt; shocking and paralyzing.
I had been getting my Calculus book out of my locker when I'd heard a slam of metal. When I had looked over, I'd been blown away by the pure hatred etched all over his gorgeous face. And make no mistake, Gage Evans was unbelievably gorgeous.
He was over six-foot with dark brown hair and stunning blue eyes. They were framed by lashes so thick, they belonged on a girl. His face was pure masculine cuts and angles, and his body was made up of the same. Being an athlete, Gage was rocking the hard, toned body of a god. He oozed confidence and walked like he just didn't give a damn. And for the most part, he didn't.
We had stared at each other long after the bell for class had rung, and I remember feeling like his hate had been holding me captive. It had felt like I needed his permission to break the spell because that's what it had felt like.
It had felt like Gage Evans had put me under a spell.
He had tortured and tormented me for a year after that first day. He had lurked in the shadows and had stalked me until I had become an emotional spazztastic mess. When he was playing football or hanging out with his friends, his vibe was always easy-going and superficial. He was the life of the party and the coolest guy on campus. It was only when he was looking at me that he'd let the real him shine through his eyes.
Or it could be that I was the only one who could see it.
No matter. I saw pieces of him no one else saw or noticed, and he definitely saw through me and he had picked up on everything I'd been trying to hide since I was twelve.
While my life had been fairly normal and uneventful, there was one event that shined a light on just how messed up I was. I had gotten my period when I was twelve and Gretchen, my brother's girlfriend at the time, had been the only girl at our house. Mom and Destiny had gone to Dez's dance class to talk to her teacher, so that had left Gretchen. Gretchen had helped me look through my parents' bathroom and we had been able to find both tampons and pads. I had opted for using the pads until I could talk to my Mom, but Gretchen hadn't stopped there with her 'help' in getting me through getting my first period.
We had gone back to my room where she had thought it was a good idea to show a twelve-year-old porn. She had convinced me it was okay because I was officially a woman, but no. No twelve-year-old girl should ever be considered a woman. Unfortunately, it had been on my bed as we had watched porn on her phone that I had realized something might be wrong with me. The videos Gretchen had shown me hadn't been hardcore and had been relatively basic. I remember thinking how weird and boring it all seemed. I had watched as she had selected various videos, but they had all been the same; gross and stupid to my twelve-year-old mind.
It wasn't until she had accidently clicked a link that had led us to the more aggressive videos that I knew I must be different. At first, I had been shocked and appalled at what we were seeing, but those feelings eventually had given way to curiosity. I had asked Gretchen to explain what we were seeing, and it was then that she had explained how some women liked rough sex. She had told me it was natural, but it hadn't felt that way.
It still didn't feel that way.
There's rough sex, and then there's what inspired me and that went beyond rough. Girls were supposed to dream of romance; candlelight and rose petals. They were supposed to dream of a man who would cherish them. They were supposed to seek out love and adoration.
But I learned early on that I wasn't attracted to any of those things.
I was attracted to darkness and I had no reason why that was. I couldn't come up with a single reason why Gage Evan's hatred turned me on more than Dillon Mills' niceness.
I also knew I didn't have one single good reason for the urges I knew enough about to try to avoid. There was something wrong with me, but I still didn't know what it was or why.
"Hey, Margot," Chance said as he and Gage approached me, Margot, and Dillon.
Margot smiled wide. "Hey, Chance," she greeted back. "Gage." I watched as Chance smiled back and Gage just gave her a head nod.
Dillon greeted the guys as well. "McQueen, Evans."
Gage didn't say anything, but Chance replied, "What's up, Mills?"
I cowardly looked back at Margot, but she was staring at Chance as Dillon answered, "Nothing much. I was just about to go grab some more drinks."
Margot and I had been holding beers, but while Margot was drinking like a fish, I had been nursing my one beer all night. I knew there was a possibility Gage was going to show up with Chance and I know I'd need to be on my toes if he did. Good thing, too.
What happened next could have gone on a slow-motion reel. I hadn't been expecting it since Dillon had been nothing but friendly-casual so far, but the second he grabbed my hand and threaded his fingers through mine, I could feel the energy around me change. I could feel Gage's serious blue gaze laser in on Dillon's hand in mine, even though I had been looking in Margot's direction.
"Come on, Mystic," Dillon said. "Let's go get some more beers." I stood frozen as he started walking towards the kitchen, stretching our arms out, so everyone could see him holding my hand. He tugged when I didn't move. "C'mon, babe," he chuckled, and I could feel my chest cave in.¶
I've had guys ask me out before, but I've never had a guy be so forward as to just grab my hand and start calling me babe. The last time a guy just...took me, it had been three years ago when Gage had followed me into the park and had dragged me into the empty park restroom.
I had screamed, thinking I was being attacked and I had been. It just hadn't been the kind of attack I had anticipated. When Gage had slammed me up against the wall and I had seen it was him, the struggle had become real. I hadn't fought Gage because I had been afraid of him, though. No. I had fought Gage because I hadn't been afraid of him. I had fought Gage because I knew he was in there to unleash his inner demons, thereby, unleashing mine.
The sex had been brutal, painful, emotional, and mostly, life altering. Anyone watching would have been sick with the violence of it all, but I had welcomed what he was doing to me and Gage...well, Gage had thrived on being able to do it.
The very next day, I had convinced my mom that my periods were so horrible that I needed to be on birth control pills. She had believed me and had set me up an appointment with a gynecologist. A gynecologist who I had begged and begged not to tell my mother that I was no longer a virgin, mind you. I had also been secretly blessed with not being able to get an appointment for a week. It had given me time to heal from Gage's attack.
It had also been the beginning of a very sick and twisted relationship where we ignored each other as much as we could, but when Gage could no longer stand it, he'd seek me out and use me until he was sated. This horribly unhealthy addiction always had Gage seeking me out. I never went looking for him.
Ever.
I watched in horrid fascination as Dillon pulled me behind him, but before we could get too far, I felt a tight hold on the wrist of my other hand. The squeeze was solid and sure.
The message was also loud as hell.
I looked up at Dillon as confusion marred his face when he took in the hold Gage had on my wrist. A hold preventing me from following Dillon any further. He threw his chin up towards Gage. "What are you doing?" The edge in his voice implied that Gage was overstepping, and Dillon had all the rights here.
Oh, how very wrong he was.
My fingers eased out of Dillon's hold at the same time Gage yanked me towards his side. He straightened to his full height, and with six little words, he ruined everything. "Don't ever touch my girlfriend again."
Chapter 8
Gage~
I wanted to beat Dillon Mills until an ambulance had to be called to carry his body out of the party.
He dared to touch Mystic and the tightrope I've been balancing for the past few years snapped, and there was no stopping what I'd done.
I knew there were plenty of guys at school who would have loved to date Mystic, but I never witnessed someone actually hitting on her or else I would have outed us sooner. My control where Mystic was concerned was limited to not attacking her in the hallways at school, but that was about it. Once I knew what it felt like to be inside her, I stayed away from her as much as I could in public. It was only when my psyche threatened to snap, or my mother was out of town, that I'd seek her out, so I could use her body to exorcise my demons.
That's why Chance dating Margot was a bad idea. That's why coming to this party had been a bad idea. I knew there was a chance some guy would want to dance with her or hang out or something, and I have always known I wasn't strong enough to withstand witnessing something like that.
Mystic was special.
Mystic was the only thing that kept me from killing someone-possibly my dad-and made it possible for me to function somewhat normally.
If it weren't for Mystic, I wouldn't be able to hold onto my façade, and the whole world would see just how fucked-up I really was.
She reined in the madness, and Dillon Mills just, unknowingly, unleashed it.
"What?"
"Girlfriend?"
"What the fuck?
I ignored Margot's question of clarification and Chance's shocked utterance and kept looking at Dillon. "I said, don't ever touch my girlfriend again, Mills," I repeated.
Dillon looked over at Mystic who was silently standing next to me, my hand still holding her wrist captive. "What the hell is he talking about, Mystic?"
"Yeah, Mys," Margot added. "What's he talking about?"
Chance kept his mouth shut but that was probably out of loyalty. Even though he was shocked, he wasn't going to question me when I was obviously bumping dick with Dillon in a bid for Mystic. Not that Dillon even had a horse in this race, but Chance was just being cautious.
Dillon straightened his back the second he saw me pull up all my six-foot-two-inches. He knew he couldn't beat me, but he didn't want to look like a pussy in front of Mystic. Especially, if he was trying to fuck her. Little did he know, guys like him didn't do it for her.
I didn't let Mystic speak. A dickhead move? Yeah. Definitely a controlling one. But if I knew Mystic-and I did-her pussy was soaking wet right now because of it. "How many times do I gotta fucking say it, Mills?" I snarled as I stepped in front of Mystic, my arm behind me with my hand still holding her wrist. "Mystic's my girlfriend."
He crossed his arms over his chest and scoffed, "Since when? Five seconds ago?"
I knew I was fucking shit up, and I knew there was a lot of shit I was going to have to explain to Chance. I also knew Margot was going to demand an explanation from Mystic, but it couldn't be helped.
He shouldn't have fucking touched her.
I took a step forward until we were within a foot of each other. "Since we were fucking fourteen-years-old, Mills," I announced. "Since our freshman year." I could hear a shocked gasp and I knew it belonged to Margot. I knew it belonged to her because I knew Mystic was probably retreating into herself from what I'd just done.
I revealed our secret and there was no going back now.
"Bullshit," he replied. "There's no fucking way you've been dating Mystic for four years."
"You don't think so?" I taunted.
Then Dillon made things worse when he said, "I noticed Mystic freshman year, too, Gage, and she never had you around her. And I've had a thing for her for a while, so believe me when I tell you that I've been watching her and taking notice of her, and I have never seen you with her."
He was right. It was true we never engaged in public. But I was right, too. Mystic Anderson was my girlfriend. In fact, she was a lot more than just my girlfriend.
She was my fucking everything.
I stepped aside and let Mystic have the floor. By now, a few people had gathered around to witness the showdown and possible fight between me and Mills, but I didn't give a fuck. The cat was out of the bag and I needed Mystic to confirm everything I'd just said, or I was going to lose my shit on Dillon and take the rest of my issues out on Mystic.
If she didn't beg for it so much, I might feel bad about it.
But she did.
She loved it.
"Mystic," I said, letting her know this was her show now.
And doing what she did best-calm the beast-she pulled her wrist from my hold, but then placed her hand in mine and laced her fingers through mine. She gave me a small squeeze before looking up at Dillon and saying, "Gage is my boyfriend, Dillon. We...we just...uh, cherish our privacy."
Dillon's eyes flew back and forth between me and Mystic. "Bullshit," he repeated his disbelief.
"Yeah, well, even if you don't believe us, Mills, it's my hand she's holding now," I pointed out. His face turned red, and he knew the truth of that for what it was. "I don't have an issue with you now, Mills, but if you don't stay away from Mystic, I will."
The crowd was growing, and so Dillon did the only thing he could do; he tried to save face. "Whatever, dude. I didn't know." He shrugged his shoulder, acting nonchalant. "There's plenty of other skirts here." With that, he walked off and left me and Mystic to face the music.
Once the crowd dispersed, Margot was the first to speak. "Are you fucking kidding me, Mystic?" She looked hurt and upset. "How could you not...tell me that?? I thought we were friends."
Mystic let go of my hand and stepped towards Margot at an attempt for privacy. "I...I'm sorry, Margot," she sputtered. "It's not...I didn't mean?"
Margot was not letting up. "You lied to me!"
"What's going on, man?" Chance asked, finally saying something.
I looked at Chance. "It's just like Mystic said. We wanted to maintain our privacy."
Chance looked bewildered. "Privacy?" He ran his hand through his hair. "Privacy against what, for Christ's sake?" Then his head reared back in astonishment. "Were...were you ashamed of her?"
The beast in me roared, but I was still conscious enough to realize I was talking to my best friend. "I'm only going to say this once, Chance," I snapped. "When I look at Mystic, I see nothing but pure fucking perfection-"
"Gage-"
I ignored Mystic. "I am not, nor have I ever been ashamed of her."
"Then why keep it a secret?" Margot challenged. I was about to answer that we kept it a secret because we didn't need anyone getting all up in our business, trying to sabotage what we had, but Mystic answered instead, and her answer was very different from the one I had in my mind.
"Be...because Gage is the Washington High's quarterback," she replied. "He's the most popular guy in school. He's smart, funny, cool?" Mystic let out a pathetic little chuckle when she looked up at me. "He looks like that." She turned back to Margot. "Why would I want people knowing he was dating me? They would have torn me to shreds."
Chapter 9
Mystic~
I wasn't self-loathing.
I really wasn't.
And even though I was lying, it still rang of the truth. Gage Evans was a god and I...well, I was just short, thick, bland Mystic Anderson. It was fact. I didn't stand out. I didn't stand out, and I was okay with that. But even if I did look like Margot or had her likeable personality, I still would have kept my secret from the world. I wasn't ready for the world to know about me and Gage, but I guess that didn't matter anymore. Gage's announcement had probably reached the backyard by now.
I knew Dillon grabbing my hand had been a bad thing, but I never would have guessed that it would have bothered Gage enough to go all caveman on me.
And now our secret was out.
Our secret was out, and my best friend was hurt and angry, and I didn't blame her. I would have been, too.
"That's bullshit," she spat. "You are beautiful, Mys. Any guy would be lucky to date you."
"And I am," Gage growled next to me. I closed my eyes in defeat as he kept talking. "We're sorry we kept this from you, but we don't have to explain our reasons to anyone, and that includes you two."
"That's fucked up, G," Chance snapped as he went to stand next to Margot in a united front.
I felt Gage place his hand on the small of my back and my breath hitched with how he was finally touching me in public after all these years. It felt...strange. I opened my eyes as he addressed Chance. "Oh, yeah. Just like you told me how much you liked Margot before this week? Like that?"
"Come on, dude," Chance grimaced. "It's not the same thing and you know it."
"You guys have been together for four years and never said anything," Margot jumped in. "That's fucked-up, whether you guys want to admit it or not."
"Mar-"
Margot was upset and the booze probably wasn't helping. "I thought we were best friends, Mystic. I...don't know what to think now."
"I'm sorry," I replied, and I was. I really was. But...that was all I could give her. I couldn't tell her the real reason I kept Gage a secret from her, but I was afraid she was going to find out eventually, anyway.
There was no way Gage and I could be around each other and not...cave.
"So am I," Margot whispered right before she turned her back on me and walked out of the room. I stood there heartbroken as I watched Chance run after her.
Suddenly, I couldn't breathe.
All these years of hiding who we were when we were together was being threatened because Gage couldn't rein in his emotions. I turned to look up at him. "Why?"
His face was pure male fury when he replied, "Because he was touching you like he had the right to, Mystic." He stepped forward until his chest touched mine. I had to tilt my head all the way back to hold his gaze. "Nobody gets to touch you but me. Nobody."
"Gage...what you did?" I couldn't even finish. I felt...exposed. Even though no one knew the true nature of mine and Gage's relationship, I still felt exposed. Exposed and vulnerable.
I started trembling when his eyes started burning like blue flames.
I knew that look.
Gage was about to lose it.
We were in public and Gage was about to go to that dark place in his mind where his conscience didn't exist. Now that our relationship was public, nothing was stopping him from owning me whenever he wanted to versus only acting on his desires when he needed to.
It was a dangerous thing for us to have this kind of freedom. Gage could barely control himself as it was. With this newfound...access to my body, I wasn't sure if there'd be any chance of reining him in.¶
"Gage?"
His blue eyes danced down my body and back up before he took another step towards me and snarled, "You ever wear a skirt when I'm not around again and you'll regret it, Mystic. I'll make sure you never think of wearing one ever again for the rest of your life."
I wanted to cry.
This was why I was sick.
This was why I knew I was broken.
His words were making me want to run out and buy a boatload of skirts just to force him to make good on his threat. It made me feel dirty and...just absolutely wretched.
Shame.
Shame was what should have accompanied every desire, every encounter, and every orgasm.
I didn't want to feel like this way. I didn't want to feel this dark need.
I wanted to be normal.
I wanted to feel normal.
Instead, I was at the mercy of a boy who was every bit as dark as I was. I was addicted to knowing that someone could see just how broken I was and wanted me because of it. Gage wasn't repulsed by the things I craved. He didn't judge me, and he made those disgusting desires that I had feel...manageable. He made me feel goddamn beautiful and it weakened everything inside of me that should seek help for my issues.
Graduation was going to be both my salvation and my undoing.
"Gage, we have to find Margot and Cha-"
"I don't give a fuck about Margot and Chance right now," he snapped. "I want to know why the fuck you're dressed like you're trolling for dick? Is that why Dillon thought it was okay to treat you like you were available?"
I glared up at him. "That's not fair," I snapped back. "I was just trying to look nice for Margot's party. For once."
Heedless of the curious people who were still milling about, Gage wasn't toning down his irritation with me. He grabbed my upper arm and yanked me forward until my chest was pressed up against body. "Do you need me to fuck you, right here in front of everyone, so you finally believe me when I say you're beautiful?"
I reared back. I didn't really think he'd fuck me in front of a crowd of people, but it was his words that were throwing me for a loop. "You've never told me I was beautiful," I pointed out.
His head jerked up and his eyes began to search the room. As soon as his eyes landed on the guest bathroom, he grabbed my hand and dragged me behind him until we were inside in the bathroom. It had been empty, and Gage immediately locked the door behind us. 
He stalked me until my back was pressed up against the counter, and then he leaned in and planted his hands on the counter, caging me in. The boy looked pissed as he said, "I always tell you that you're beautiful."
I shook my head. "No, you don't," I countered. "The only time you tell me I'm beautiful is when I'm covered in your cum, blood, or bruises."
His right hand shot out and snaked up the back of my neck, grabbing a handful of my hair, making sure it was a painful hold. I grimaced and he smiled a smile laced with evil. "Because that's when you're at your most beautiful, Mystic," he replied. "I can't stop staring at you after you've let me use you up. You're fucking stunning when you're broken."
Chapter 10
Gage~
It was the truth.
I've always believed Mystic to be a beautiful girl, but she was heart-stoppingly breathtaking when she laid there, spent, after letting me defile her luscious body and confused mind. She was at her most beautiful when she was at her most vulnerable. And she was at her most vulnerable when her mind swam out of her lust-filled haze and she absorbed whatever it was I'd done to her.
I knew she wrestled with the shame of how she let me use her, but I couldn't fix that for her. Unlike her, I knew my desires were sick, but in finding someone I could share them with, that went a long way in allowing me to live with myself. I wasn't going to have to pretend to be something I wasn't for the rest of my life. I was going to be able to embrace it all and have it all.
I leaned into her space and whispered against her ear, "You love being covered in my cum, blood, and bruises, Mystic." I placed a soft kiss on her earlobe. "If you wanted sweet words or odes to your beauty, you wouldn't be with me."
"Gage?" Her chest was heaving with anticipation and her voice was cracked with desire. "Gage, we can't do this. It's...not safe."
I knew what she meant. Being limited to how often I could have Mystic, it had helped with her healing. I could fuck her up, but she had weeks to heal from the trauma I inflicted on her body. She could chalk up my carelessness to tripping down the stairs or bumping into a door. But now that I had outed us and there was nothing preventing me from having her whenever I wanted...well, sooner or later, someone would notice how this beautiful girl looked battered and beaten all the time. They would think that she was in an abusive relationship, but it would be so far from the actual truth of the matter.
I had the scars on my body to prove it.
Most of the time when I fucked Mystic, the brutality was all me and I didn't stop until she had nothing left to give. But sometimes...sometimes Mystic's demons reached a level of desperation that rivaled my own and she would battle me for dominance.
She never won, but the scars on my body were proof that she held nothing back during those darkest of times for her. My injuries were usually attributed to football, but there'd be no bullshitting away Mystic's battle scars.
And there was no fucking way I'd ever let anyone take her from me.
I tightened my hold on her hair and pulled her head back. Her neck was bared for me and I could see her pulse thumping in her vein. The sickness inside of me wanted to bite down on that exact spot and bust her skin wide open to watch her bleed. I had all this violence coiled up in my body and sometimes it was too strong to contain, and only Mystic could ease the need to hurt...to inflict pain on whoever was unlucky enough to cross my path.
But it wasn't just sex with Mystic.
It was survival, and she was fucked in more ways than she could possibly imagine.
With my left hand tangled in her hair, I reached underneath her skirt with my right hand and the second my fingers touched her skin, she moaned. I was going to have to do my best to limit the damage, but there was no way we were exiting this bathroom without me fucking her. We were going to walk out of this room and everyone at this party would know that she'd just been freshly fucked, and I didn't give a fuck if that made me an asshole. Even if I didn't want Mystic the way I did, I needed to make it clear to everyone that she belonged to me.
I stared down at this beautiful girl in my arms and the compulsion to hurt her was like a craving for the strongest drug around. I couldn't get enough of her. I couldn't kiss her long enough. I couldn't hold her tight enough. I couldn't fuck her hard enough. I couldn't love her strong enough. I wanted her to feel everything I was feeling, but I couldn't. I couldn't, and that's what made me want to hurt her.
I couldn't make her feel my love. I couldn't make her feel my cravings. I could make her feel pain, though. That, I could do.
I slid my fingers into her tight warmth and her entire body slumped with pleasure. "This pussy is mine, Mystic," I whispered against her lips as I tightened my hold on her hair. "Every part, every piece of you belongs to me. You belong to me to do whatever the fuck I want to." Mystic spread her legs wider, and that small movement made me positively desperate.
I pulled my fingers from her body, grabbed her hips, and sat her on the edge of the counter. Her face was full of future regret and mortification. I was going to fuck her in this bathroom, at her best friend's birthday party, and everyone was going to know it. Worse, she was going to let me, knowing what the outcome could result in. She knew there was a good chance she'd be walking out of here a shattered mess, but she wasn't going to stop me.
I reached for her panties and she used the flat of her hands to lift her ass up off the counter high enough for me to pull the underwear down. Normally, I'd rip the fuckers off, but I'd be goddamned if she was going to walk around this party without underwear where other guys could smell her. Sure, she would smell like me, but that didn't matter. All anyone needed to know was that Mystic belonged to me. They didn't need to know the details.
I tossed her panties on the counter next to her and went to work on my jeans. As soon as they were pushed down, along with my boxers, I grabbed the back of Mystic's thighs, raised them up and out, and slammed my cock home.
Jesus fucking Christ.
My hands came up as Mystic wrapped her legs around my back and I gripped her hair on either side of her face so hard, she winced. I could see a quiet tear leak down her face, and it just tuned me on more. I always felt too much when I was with Mystic and those feelings, the ones that couldn't be contained, made it hard for me not to pull her hair clean from her scalp. It was those feelings that had me slamming into her without a care for how uncomfortable this must all be for her.
Being inside Mystic Anderson drove me crazy. No. That wasn't true. I was already crazy. Being inside Mystic drove me to absolute insanity.
"I'll kill him if he ever comes near you again, Mystic," I panted, and it wasn't an empty threat. Mystic was vital to me in a way she'll never comprehend.
"Gage?" she cried out.
My thrusts were painful, and she shouldn't be enjoying this, but I knew she was. Mystic was just as twisted as I was, and our coupling was a dance of madness. I reached down to grab her hip with my left hand as I held her head firm with my right hand. Both hands dug in painfully as I demanded things from her that she wasn't obligated to give me. "You're mine, Mystic," I grunted. "Say it."
Tears were streaming down her face and I knew she was hurting, but I also knew she was getting ready to cum. I knew Mystic in ways no one else ever would. "Gage-"
"Fucking say it!"
"Yours," she sobbed. "I'm yours."
"I better not ever see another guy around you again, Mystic. I swear to God I'll fucking kill him."
Mystic's hands shot up and twisted in my shirt as she came all over my dick. "Gage!"
I lasted long enough to see her through her twisted orgasm before I emptied myself inside her precious body. I untangled my hand from her hair and held both her hips in my hands as I stayed planted firmly inside her. I watch silently as shame shadowed her face and I fell in love with her all over again. I've never said the words, but she had to know what I felt for her.
"Gage, I-"
"We're going to walk out of here together, Mystic," I said, interrupting her. "We're walking out of here together and there'll be no more hiding. For either of us."
Chapter 11
Mystic~
This was it.
I was no longer sitting on the counter and Gage was pulling my panties back up, securing them back in place. He was making us presentable, but everyone was going to know what we were doing in here. At least, they'll think they know.
But no one knows.
I didn't even know what it was that we were doing. I knew it was wrong. I knew it was sick. I knew it was unhealthy, both mentally and physically. But I still didn't know what it was.
"C'mon," Gage said as he reached for my hand. "Let's go find Margot, so you guys can work your shit out."
I felt him tug on my hand, but my feet were rooted where I stood. Logically, I knew everyone would think we just had sex but the publicity of it shook me to the bone. People were going to know I was sleeping with Gage Evans and I wasn't ready for that. The plan had been to keep this thing a secret between us, and then let it die a quiet death once we graduated and he went off to college. Well, at least, that had been my plan. But now...now I had to face what we were doing. I couldn't compartmentalize it into a dirty little secret that no one knew about. I used to have weeks in between our sex-fueled insanity to recover from his abuse and my regret, but I didn't have that anymore.
The cover of secrecy was gone and without that protection people were going to see just how sick and twisted we were when the time came where we couldn't control this...depravity between us. It was bound to happen.
"I can't go out there," I whispered.
Gage stopped and looked down at me. "What?"
I stared into his beautiful, sadistic blue gaze. "I can't go out there, Gage." The panic was real. "They're going to know. Everyone is going to know."
He let go of my hand and crossed his arms over his muscular, defined chest. "That you belong to me? That I just fucked the shit out of you?" He gave me a tight nod. "Yeah, they're going to know. And they need to know. Everyone needs to fucking know it."
I could feel my lips tremble and my body grow cold with anxiousness. "People can't know, Gage," I implored. "It'll?" I started to shake my head in denial because, well, let's face it, everyone already knew. "We can't do this?"
One second Gage was peering down at me and trying to read my panic for what it was, the next he had me slammed up against the bathroom door and he looked livid.
He looked insane.
"Don't you ever speak those words to me again, Mystic," he snarled down at me.
What?
"Gage, you don't-"
He gave me a small shake against the door. "Don't ever tell me we can't do this," he clarified. "You don't get to end this, Mystic. You'll never get a say in whether this thing between us ends or not."
My eyes widened. "Gage, if it gets out what we're...doing, my parents will ship me off-"
The glowering in his eyes showed the levels of madness he was reaching and surpassing with each second. "No one will ever keep you from me, Mystic," he seethed. "Including your parents."
He was talking nonsense. He was talking in terms of forever and I knew we weren't a forever kind of situation. We were...a sick addiction that we needed to overcome to be able to function later in life, somehow. I wasn't looking forward to a regular relationship with a regular guy and regular sex, but this thing with Gage was never supposed to last forever, even though I wanted it to.
The tears started falling. "We're going to be expected to behave normally, Gage. What happens the first time we can't?"
I knew it was hopeless when he replied, "God, I love your tears, baby." It was said so softly and lovingly that it just confirmed my fears.
"Gage-"
He leaned down and kissed me hard. When he pulled back, he looked at me and said, "You're mine, Mystic. Every broken, confused, messed-up part of you belongs to me. I don't care about anything else."
I couldn't help the surge of anger that pushed my tears back. "That's because you're the man," I snapped. "You're not going to be looked at like a victim. No one is going to intrude and insist you get help. I'm the one who's going to be pitied. I'm the one who's going to have to explain...explain?"
"Explain what?" he snapped back.
I pushed at his chest and he let me escape. I turned in the middle of the room to face him again. "Everyone will just chalk up your behavior to macho alpha bullshit. No one will question your high-handed ways. I'm the one who...who's going to have to explain how...how I like it." The last part was said on a whisper because I was ashamed that I didn't feel ashamed. I felt exposed that I enjoyed how violently Gage took me. I hated how I took pleasure in something that was traumatizing and destructive to millions of women everywhere.
Where women and men were fighting against domestic abuse and violence against women, I was finding pleasure in it. The disgust and regret were real. They were like an albatross around my neck and Gage was the one weighing it down.
Gage stepped towards me and grabbed my face by my chin. "Fuck what everyone else thinks, Mystic," he demanded. "Those people out there don't matter."
"Margot does," I countered.
"We'll see, won't we," he sneered.
I slapped his hand away. "What does that mean?"
"It means, we'll see just how good of a friend she is when she finds out just how filthy you like it and just how much I love giving it to you like that," he said, that same sneer in his tone.
"That's not fair!" I yelled. "Of course, she'll be concerned if she sees the marks you leave on my body. Anyone would."
"And that's fine," he replied. "It's her reaction once you explain how you love having those marks on your body and how much more you love getting them that will tell you how good a friend she is."
I shook my head. "That's not fair, Gage," I repeated. "Anyone would be concerned about something they don't understand."
"You're standing there as if anything you say is going to change shit," he replied. "It's out, Mystic. Everyone knows we're together. What do you think pretending to end things is going to do?"
He wasn't getting it. "Aren't you worried? Aren't you...doesn't this scare you? Because it sure as hell scares me."
Gage cocked his head and regarded me for a few seconds before blowing me away by saying, "Not as much as it scares me to not have you with me for this." I let out a deep breath and the tears came back because I knew what he was going to say next. "If I don't have you to purge all the darkness with, then that leaves me without an outlet. And that will probably lead me to murdering someone and spending the rest of my life in prison." He stepped towards me and cradled my face in his hands. "Finally being able to be with you publicly is going to fuck shit up on an epic scale, Mystic. I know this. I know we're a disaster waiting to happen. But the alternative isn't something I'm willing to consider."
"Gage-"
"I can't be without you," he interrupted. "Tell me you can be without me?"
I couldn't.
Chapter 12
Gage~
We walked out of the restroom, hand-in-hand, and just like we expected, everyone was staring at us as we exited. Some faces full of shock, some with knowing smirks, and some plain full of jealousy. As much as Mystic was perfect in my eyes, I knew girls were going to get catty and question our relationship, but it was my job to make sure everyone knew what she meant to me.
"I need to find Margot," she murmured. "I need to tell her I'm sorry."
I wanted to say to hell with everyone, but she was right. We did own Margot and Chance a better explanation of why we hadn't told them. I wasn't sure what Mystic was going to tell Margot, but I planned on telling Chance the truth. I had to because, truth be told, there was no way we'd be able to keep her abuse under wraps for very long.
And it was abuse.
Granted, it was consensual, but it was abuse, nonetheless. It didn't matter if she begged for it. It didn't matter that it drove me insane. Normal people would be looking for a way to remedy the sick cravings. Normal people would be meeting with a therapist three times a week to cure the unhealthy urges.
Me and Mystic?
We gave into the twisted yearnings. I went at her knowing I wouldn't stop even if she asked me to and she gave herself to me knowing she'd never ask me to stop. We both knew better, yet we both chose to ignore the dangers of such an addiction. The fucked-up thing about it, though, was that, even as I held her down and fucked her roughly, I was loving her the entire time.
I fucking loved Mystic Anderson.
With every bite mark, every bruise, every painful thrust into her body, I fucking loved her. And I knew my sickness was purely sexual because I didn't feel the need to manhandle her outside the bedroom. Walking around this godforsaken party looking for Margot as I held her hand, I didn't feel compelled to violence. I had no desire to be mean to her, belittle her, or ragdoll her. I only felt the compulsion when I wanted her sexually, and the more she let me debase her, the more I became addicted to her.
We eventually found Margot and Chance in the backyard near the pool. The pool now occupied by topless girls and horny guys. They spotted us around the same time we spotted them, and they stayed put as we walked towards them. I'd consider that a win, depending on how drunk Margot was and how she treated Mystic. However, I didn't give a fuck if they were best friends or not; no one would treat Mystic badly in front of me.
"Margot-"
Margot threw her hand up to stop whatever Mystic had been about to say. "I'm too drunk to have this conversation, Mystic," she said. "I'm drunk and hurt, and I am not going to discuss this while there's a chance I may say something I'll regret." I could feel Mystic tense beside me and that had my back up. "I love you, Mys," she continued. "I am not going to let this...secret ruin our friendship."
"I'm sorry, Margot," Mystic whispered sadly. "And... when you're ready, I'll...I'll tell you everything."
I looked down at Mystic. "Everything?"
She turned those hypnotic brown eyes up towards me and I could see the struggle in them. She was going to test their friendship with the truth. "Everything," she confirmed.
I turned back towards Margot. "What was the plan tonight?" Her gaze was glacial, but I really couldn't care less about Margot Cross. If she became serious with Chance, then I'd give her more consideration, but for right now, she was just Mystic's best friend and that was it. And while she held an important title, she wasn't a threat to me. No one was.
"The plan was to get shit-faced drunk and pass out after everyone leaves," she replied after a few seconds.
I smirked. "Yeah, well, that's not going to happen," I told her. "There's no way I'm letting Mystic get drunk and pass out in a house with random guys roaming about."
Margot looked like she was about to argue, but Chance put his foot down by adding, "Yeah, I agree with Gage." He looked at Margot. "I'm letting you get drunk because it's your birthday, babe, but you're out of your mind if you think I'm leaving you here to pass out." He shook his head. "Yeah, that's not happening."
Margot turned on him. "Last time I checked, we were just going to the prom together, Chance. You're taking rights you don't necessarily have at this time."
I couldn't help my smirk as Chance stepped to her and snatched her up by her arm. "Oh, make no mistake, Margot," he barked out. "I have every right." Just let the fucker talk to me about how I treated Mystic.
Mystic's hand tightened in mine and I knew in that moment she was hoping Margot might understand more than she thought. Especially, when Margot wasn't looking at all repulsed by Chance's manhandling. "You think so?"
Chance grabbed Margot by her chin, and we watched as he squeezed just a little too hard. "I know so, Margot, so cut the shit."
"Do you have a spare room for us?" I said, interrupting their foreplay.
Margot looked over at me the second Chance released her chin. "For what?"
"I'm not letting Mystic spend the night here without me," I informed her. "So, if you want her here in the morning, so you guys can talk, I'm staying here, too."
I could tell she wanted to argue, alcohol tends to make people braver than they'd normally be, but her curiosity must have gotten the better of her. She wanted the details of mine and Mystic's relationship more than she wanted to tell me to go fuck myself. "Fine," she relented. "There's a spare bedroom...well, Mystic knows where it is."
I looked at Chance, and even though I didn't need to ask, I asked anyway for Mystic's sake. I jerked my head towards Margot. "You on her?"
"Yeah, I got this," he replied with a little bit of frost still in his voice, only I didn't know if he was still pissed at me or if he was pissed because Margot was trying to downplay what was going on between them. Leave it to drunken teenage hormones to turn something casual into something explosive.
"We're going to head in," I told them.
"Oh, wait," Margot cried. "It's early. The party's still-"
"I don't give a fuck, Margot," I snapped. "Chance has got you and Mystic doesn't have any business being here if she's not hanging out with you. We are turning in." I didn't give her a chance to reply. I turned and drug Mystic behind me into the house.
Once we got into the heart of the living room, I turned towards Mystic. "Where's the guest room?"
She let out a deep sigh. "This way," she mumbled as she led the way.
Once we reached the banister of the second floor, Aubrey Dempsey sauntered up to us, maliciousness all over her pretty features. "This is a joke, right?" she huffed out. "I mean, you guys aren't really dating, are you?" She flipped her hand around behind her. "Someone started a rumor that you guys have been dating for years."
I knew Mystic could speak for herself and as much of a loner as she was, she still wasn't afraid to defend herself. However, this was my fuck-up, not hers. I was the one who outed us because I was a jealous asshole, so I was the one who needed to back my words up.
I needed to prove to Mystic and everyone else that she was it for me.
"Four years, to be exact," I replied as I stepped in front of Mystic, forcing her to inch to the side. "Mystic's my girlfriend."
Aubrey's big blue eyes widened, and she looked genuinely surprised and offended. "Wait," she exclaimed. "She's the reason you've been turning me down all this time? Mystic Anderson is the reason no girl in school has ever gotten a chance with you?"
I stepped to her, ready to crush her. "Mystic's the reason for everything I do, Aubrey," I hissed in her face. "I can't see past the girl behind me to notice the rest of you desperate bitches. So, yeah, Mystic's the reason I keep turning down your easy access."
"Gage-"
I whirled around on Mystic. "Don't," I growled. "Do. Not."
"Gage-"
"No, Mystic. She walked up to us, ready to insult you or worse. Don't come at me about how I'm talking to her. No one gets to judge our relationship and not get told the fuck off for it." Fuck these jealous bitches. They had nothing on Mystic and the spell she had over me.
"Fuck you, Gage!" Aubrey yelled. "Who do you think you are?!"
I turned back to face her. "I'm the guy who knows the difference between what I'm continuously offered and what I have." I peered down at her. "Say another fucked-up thing about Mystic or our relationship and you will regret it." I didn't wait for her reply. I pulled Mystic behind me and snapped, "Where's the fucking room?" Luckily, it was just inside the hallway and we were inside with the door locked within seconds.
"Jesus, Gage," Mystic exclaimed on a deep exhale, "what the hell was that?"
"What?"
"You know what," she snapped. "People are going to talk shit, Gage. You can't go around threatening everyone."
"The fuck I can't," I argued. "You're out of your fucking mind if you think I'm going to stand by and let people insult you, me, or us."
I watched as she dropped on the bed and began rubbing her temples. "What a horrible night," she muttered. "Christ."
"What so fucking horrible about it?" I demanded. "Why the fuck do you care what these assholes think so much?"
She jumped up off the bed. "You act like they're in the wrong for being curious."
I stepped to her. "I don't give a fuck if they're curious. I care if they insult you. I care if they talk shit about you. And what we do is none of their fucking business."
"Gage, this is putting me in a spotlight I never wanted to be in," she said, and I saw fucking red.
"You ashamed to be seen with me?"
Her eyes widened. "Of course, not! It's not that. It's...our relationship is wrong, Gage. We're defending something that's wrong."
I let out a dark laugh. "I'm not defending the way we fuck, Mystic. I know the things I do to you are wrong. Just like I know you letting me do all those things is wrong. But I'm not defending that. I'm defending our relationship as those motherfuckers know it. They think we have a regular teenage romance and that's what they're attacking. And I'll be goddamned if I'm going to let them."
She started shaking her head back and forth and I could see the weight of our exposure all over her beautiful face. "I don't know how to handle this, Gage," she told me honestly. "You were too much when I only had to deal with you on the minimum. Now...now I don't know how to deal with you, Margot, and all the questions that are sure to come my way."
"You're not weak, Mystic," I growled in her face. "You don't want people to see you as a victim, well, don't start acting like one. Just tell everyone to go get fucked. It's me and you, Mystic. Me and you."
"And when we graduate?"
"We still won't be over," I told her. "We'll never be over."
Little did I know she'd make a liar out of me.
Chapter 13
Mystic~
It lasted three months.
Granted, it was two months longer than I would have expected, but it still, inevitably, came to a crashing end only a few months away from freedom.
I hadn't thought anything out of the ordinary when I had been called into the counselor's office because I still hadn't given her a satisfactory answer to what my future plans were, and Mrs. Berny had only been trying to wrap up her job with the few stragglers that still remained. However, I hadn't expected to find Mrs. Berny, my parents, the gym teacher, Mrs. Lemas, and the principal, Mr. Grant, to all be in attendance when I walked in.
I glanced at everyone, bewildered, but it was when Mrs. Lemas averted her eyes that my heart sank, and I knew.
Mrs. Berny gave me a small, sad smile. "Mystic, honey, why don't you take a seat," she said softly.
Even though I knew, I had to ask anyway. "What's going on?"
"That's what we'd like for you to tell us," my father snapped.
"Gene," my mother murmured, trying to calm him down.
I sat down and immediately wish I hadn't. I didn't like that with the exception of Mrs. Berny, everyone else was standing. It felt intimidating. However, I stayed seated, not saying a word. I wasn't going to offer them a shred of evidence until I knew for certain what this was all about.
After a couple of moments of uncomfortable silence, Mrs. Berny finally spoke. "Mystic, uhm, Mrs. Lemas came to me with some concerns." My eyes flashed towards Mrs. Lemas, but she was still avoiding my gaze. "There are some concerns over?uhm, some bruising that you may have."
I closed my eyes, and I could feel my heart drop so far down that I wasn't sure if I'd ever find it again. When I opened them, Mrs. Berny was looking at me like she knew everything, and maybe she did. After all, she was trained to spot child abuse and neglect. Maybe she could see what no one else could.
I said the only thing I could. "I appreciate the concern, Mrs. Berny. However, I'm fine."
"This is horseshit!"
"Gene," my mother rushed out.
"Ms. Anderson, can you tell us where you got these bruises?" Mr. Grant asked.
I turned to face him. "I'm clumsy sometimes," I lied.
"Those are not accidental bruises, Mystic," Mrs. Lemas said, finally facing the shitstorm she kicked off. "I've seen bruises from accidents or playing sports. Those are not them, Mystic."
I could feel myself snarling at her. "They're none of your business, is what they are, Mrs. Lemas."
"Mystic!" my mother exclaimed. "This is serious!"
I turned in my chair to face her. "What is? Why are you all here?"
"We're here, so you can tell us who the hell is abusing you!" my father roared.
I stood up out of my chair. "No one is abusing me!" I yelled back.
"Mystic-"
My head was spinning with so many people in the room trying to speak to me. "What, Mr. Grant? What?!" My eyes searched their faces, and I was panicked.
Fucking. Panicked.
"Mystic, we know it's Gage Evans, honey," Mrs. Berny spoke, nearly dropping me to my knees.
I whirled around on her. "You know it's Gage Evans that what?"
"Oh, honey," my mother cried. "Margot told us everything."
I dropped in my chair, stunned.
Absolutely, positively stunned.
"Wh?what?"
"Once Mrs. Lemas brought her concerns to us, we called Margot in to shed some light on?what was going on since she is your best friend," Mrs. Berny explained.
"Was."
"I'm sorry?"
"Margot was my best friend, Mrs. Berny. As in, she isn't anymore," I clarified. Her betrayal felt like a ragged slice down my back. The morning after her birthday party, I had told her all about me and Gage. I hadn't told her the deep, dark, damaging details, but I had let her know that our sex got rough sometimes. She had accepted my explanation and apology, but when the bruises and bite marks started making their appearances more frequently, I had noticed Margot beginning to judge.
A part of me had wondered if she was jealous, but I hadn't wanted to taint our friendship with those negative thoughts because Margot was a good person. However, whenever Gage was near, I could see her disdain for his possessiveness. Once we'd gone public, Gage had gone all out in letting everyone know that nothing mattered to him but me. And while Chance had been possessive, he hadn't been consuming the way Gage had been. And knowing that she ratted us out made me wonder if I'd been right all along.
"Mystic, she's just concerned for you. We all are," my mother said, defending Margot.
I wasn't even going to ask why they didn't come to me first. It didn't matter now. "Gage is not abusing me," I insisted. "And even if he was, I'm of legal age. What happens between us is none of your business."
It was the wrong thing to say.
My father looked like he was going to explode. "You think so?" he seethed. "Because I have news for you, Mystic. You live in California. And in California it's not up to you if charges are pressed for domestic abuse or not. The courts can prosecute if there's evidence and they think it's in your best interest."
My eyes widened and my entire body shook. "Wh?what? What are you talking about, Dad?"
He got in my face as he said, "You will never speak to that boy ever again, do you hear me? If you do, I will personally make sure he spends the next twenty years in prison!"
I jumped out of my chair again, forcing him to step back. "What?!"
"Mystic." I whirled around towards Mr. Grant's voice. "Margot told us everything. We know he's been doing this to you for years."
I never thought it'd be possible for me to hate the only friend I've ever had, but here I was, feeling nothing but hate and anger. "He's not doing anything to me," I denied again. "Why won't you guys believe me? Why do you believe her?"
"Because the bruising on your body back up her statements," Mrs. Lemas answered.
"What we do is?mutual! Consensual!" I yelled. I felt like I was losing my mind.
"Not during the time when he was eighteen and you were only seventeen, Mystic," my father countered, ruining my life with that one simple sentence.
I shook my head. "No." When everyone in the room remained silent, I shouted out. "No!"
"It's simple, Mystic," my father replied. "Go anywhere near that boy again and I will make sure he goes to prison for statutory rape and domestic abuse."
"You can't do that!" My heart felt like it was being ripped from my chest.
"I can, and I will," he threatened. "And even if I can't make it stick, the accusations, alone, will ruin him." My father was a corporate attorney, but I knew he knew and hung out with other attorneys. Being a lawyer, I had no doubt he could do what he was threatening.
I was going to lose Gage.
"Don't do this, Dad," I begged. "I?I love him. It's not what you guys think!"
"Abuse is not love," my mother said sadly, like she pitied me. Like I was a victim.
"He's not abusing me!" I denied for the millionth time. I turned towards Mrs. Berny. "Please, Mrs. Berny, it's not what you guys think."
"Mystic." I turned back towards Mr. Grant. "If you do not agree to stop seeing Gage Evans, not only will your father move forward with his arrest, but he will be expelled and his chances at college or a future will no longer be possible."
My hands found themselves in my hair and I pulled, screaming.
Did they not realize what they were demanding from me?
At one time, I believed I'd have to leave Gage once we graduated, but during these past few months Gage has made it clear that we were forever, and I fell into the picture he painted with everything I had. Leaving him was going to destroy me.
I turned back towards my father. "Dad, plea-"
"If you love this boy like you say you do, then don't ruin his only chance at a life, Mystic," he cruelly said. "Give him and yourself the chance to find a healthy happiness."
"You guys don't understand," I sobbed. "You guys don't understand."
"I understand that I'm not going to stand by and let some boy, or any boy for that matter, abuse my daughter, Mystic," my dad replied. "Understand this, Mystic, like you've never understood anything else in your life. If you do not walk away from that boy, I will not stop until his life is ruined."
Defeated.
That's what I was.
Defeated.
Only, I didn't know just how brutal the loss in this war was going to be. Even as I agreed to stop seeing Gage, I'd had this half-ass plan of telling him everything and running off together.
And I would have.
I would have followed Gage Evans anywhere, everywhere.
But that afternoon, after I lied to everyone and told them I'd never speak to him again, my parents had taken my phone and my tablet and had driven me to the airport where they had announced that my Aunt Rosie had agreed to let me stay with her for a while until things 'cooled down'. My parents and the school had planned everything out even before asking for my side. The school transfer had already been completed.
Aunt Rosie lived in Montana and not in the urban areas. I lived with her on an honest-to-God Montana ranch with spotting wi-fi connection that she only used for her work computer. With only a landline to talk to my parents on, it wasn't until two weeks later that I had finally managed to sneak onto my aunt's work computer and reached out to Gage.
However, after logging onto every social media account I had, it was evidently clear that Gage hadn't wanted to hear from me. I had been blocked from everything that was Gage Evans. He hadn't wanted to hear my reasons. He hadn't wanted an explanation. At the same time that I was still planning on running away with him, he was blocking me from his life.
Heartbreak really was a damaging sonofabitch.
Chapter 14
Gage~
She left me.
Mystic fucking left me.
No reason.
No explanation.
She caved to the pressure, and for that, Mystic Anderson was dead to me.
Mystic Anderson was dead to me and she'd better hope I never lay eyes on her ever again.

Part
II
Chapter 15
Mystic - (Ten Years Later)~
Mean girls sucked.
They were like vicious leeches sucking out everything good in the world. And newsflash: they didn't fade away after high school. Nope. They existed in college and well into adulthood. They were everywhere and there was no escaping them. From the cashier who looks down her nose at your coupons to socialites who snub anyone not wearing designer clothing.
Them. Bitches. Were. Everywhere.
And starting my first day at Cavanaugh Industries, I was quickly learning that they were here, too.
In droves.
Okay...maybe not in droves. But for someone who did her best to stay out of the limelight, one or two were one or two too many, in my opinion. I didn't want to have to deal with territorial children, but I also wasn't one to not stand up for myself, so I was hoping the resident mean girls at Cavanaugh Industries would find me boring enough to just let me be. I wasn't holding out too much hope, though. Mean girls couldn't be mean girls if they didn't have victims and I was fairly sure I was up to bat, being the new girl and all.
Of course, at twenty-eight-years-old, I was well past the age where being snubbed would send me running to the women's restroom to cry myself stupid in an empty stall. These days, I had enough life experience to know that people not liking you was just a sad part of life. Some people clicked and some people didn't, and that was okay. I also learned that the less people in your life, the less likely you were to get stabbed in the back. Even if I had no more secrets to keep, I still didn't trust people. That happens when your family and friends betray you. However, that betrayal made me the strong woman I was today. Yeah, I might be cold, lonely, and empty, but I was no longer anyone's doormat.
I had gotten my degree in business management but that was as far as my ambitions had gone. I wasn't willing to sacrifice myself for others anymore, so I didn't. All I wanted was to earn a wage to support myself and screw the rest.
For ten years, it worked for me until Marksman Financial fell into a decline and we were forced to look for other jobs. Stanley Marksman had led a successful financial powerhouse, but once he retired and his good-for-nothing son had taken over, well, let's just say business took a backseat to an extravagant partying lifestyle. Stanley Jr. had driven his father's company into the ground, and no one had escaped unscathed from Stanley Jr.'s misdirection.
After looking for a job for two months, I finally landed a position as one of the many administrative assistants for Cavanaugh Industries. It didn't pay as much as what I was making at Marksman Financial, but at Marksman's I'd had ten years of seniority and raises, where here I'd be starting near the bottom. I was essentially going to be an assistant's assistant. It didn't matter, though. The pay was still great for an entry level gig and Chicago wasn't cheap.
Hell, nowhere was cheap. However, I liked my life quiet and tidy, and I hadn't been looking forward to having to move or downsize. And so, this opportunity had come at the perfect time as my savings had started to quickly dwindle down to nothing. People judge homelessness as if it was a choice. And for some, maybe it was. For others, it was just one paycheck short of their house of cards tumbling down all around them.
Donning my most professional business attire, a white short-sleeved button up with a grey pencil skirt, paired with four-inch black heels, I followed Sadie Welsh as she led me to my assigned cubicle. The floor plan was open with partitioned cubicles everywhere and private offices lining the left side of the floor and a breakroom and two conference rooms lining the right side. I had been hoping for a cubicle nearest the conference rooms because it seemed quiet in that area, but Sadie led me to the last cubicle nearest the private offices.
I didn't like it, but I was hardly going to complain. However, it was as Sadie and I made our way through the aisle that I noticed out of the corner of my eye the side-glances and looks of both smiles and frowns. Seeing as how I hadn't spoken to anyone other than Sadie, the frowns weren't warranted.
Again.
Mean Girls.
I smiled back at the people who smiled at me and ignored the rest. Eating was more important than getting invited to afterwork drinks. My bills needed to be paid more than I needed new friends.
When we reached the last cubicle, Sadie turned to me and gestured towards the chair. "This is you, Mystic," she said smiling. Sadie had met me in the lobby, eight floors down, and had informed me that she'd been assigned to my training. She had appeared friendly, and I hadn't gotten the vibe that she felt like the assignment was beneath her or an inconvenience to her day. Sadie had been truly welcoming, and I was thankful to not have been saddled with a Mean Girl.
I glanced around my work area and it was standard as far as administrative cubicles went. It had a computer, keyboard, phone, desk accessories, etc. I noticed the cubicle also came with a slim built-in closet for personal storage. All in all, it wasn't bad.
Sadie dangled a ring of keys at me. "These are your set of keys. There's one for your cubicle closet, one for your desk drawers, one for the supply closet, one for the elevator, one for the women's restroom on this floor, and one for the front office building," she explained. My employee badge had been given to me by security when I had signed in. Apparently, not just anyone could waltz into Cavanaugh Industries.
I cocked my head. "Why would I need a key for the front door or restroom?"
"A lot of the doors lock with automatic timers," she replied. "However, a lot of us work around the clock during budgets or deadlines, so we need access to the restrooms and building during off hours."
I nodded in understanding. I didn't think I'd be working around the clock at this level, but I could be wrong. I didn't know much about Cavanaugh Industries, other than they were hiring and I had needed to be hired.
"Follow me and I'll show you where everything else is located, including my cubicle in case you need to find me for anything," she said, again, smiling like she was genuinely happy to meet me.
I followed her for the next half hour as she showed me around the eighth floor. We checked to make sure all my keys worked, and then she took me up the elevator to the twenty-first floor where the CEO and owner of Cavanaugh Industries was located, and then she worked her way down each floor explaining who lived where and what they did.
Once we got back to our floor, she stayed with me as we powered up my computer and she helped me create user profiles for whatever I needed. She had informed me that our IT department was the best and the second that my H.R. paperwork had gone through, IT had set me up with everything that I'd need. I just needed to create my passwords, and so forth.
Sadie was kind enough to sit with me through lunch and give me the layout of the nearest restaurants and delis. She also had promised to make me copies of to-go menus she had stuffed in her desk. The day had been promising, and while Sadie introduced me to a few people, the Mean Girls had made themselves known rather unapologetically.
The worst of them was Reagan Contreras who just happened to occupy the private office directly across from my workstation. She had been polite enough to acknowledge the introduction, but the snotty look in her eyes had been very apparent.
She was the one to watch out for or try to avoid altogether.
Good times.
Chapter 16
Gage~
Looking out at the city of Chicago, I could see the clouds rolling in and it felt ominous, like a premonition. The sky was dark, and I couldn't help but feel a kinship with the darkness that was ready to blanket the city with depression instead of sunny, happy thoughts.
I loved the dark.
I loved the cold.
I loved the clouds, the rain, the lightening, and thunder. I especially loved it when it hailed. I liked the idea of nature throwing down lotteries of possible damage. I wanted the world to be dark because then, that way, I could live my life without faking bullshit pleasantries. Don't get me wrong. I didn't give a fuck what people thought of me, but even I knew it wasn't financially beneficial to be a complete dick to everyone all the time.
I turned away from the window to face my desk and I knew I'd be working this weekend but that wasn't anything new. I worked around the clock regularly, and the non-stop grind had paid off and continued to pay off. Stymic Financial Holdings had its fingers in just about damn near everything and I had no plans on letting up anytime soon.
I could go on and on about hard work and repeat the bullshit speeches I've given over the years, but I was driven by a much darker force. I worked myself sleepless to stay ahead of my demons and it didn't hurt that my IQ was 127, either. Now, while I wasn't intelligent enough to find the cure for cancer, I was smart enough to create millions out of nothing. And that nothing had come in the form of a shattered soul that even my mother with all her psychiatrist experience couldn't help me with.
And she tried.
Lord, how she tried.
However, all she got out of the deal was a son who still spoke to her on occasion, even though she called a few times a week. Now, don't get me wrong. I loved my mother; I loved her so damn much. However, my love for her couldn't drown out the misery that consumed my life. Sure, on paper, I was everything a successful man should be, but darkness was what drove my ambitions, not love.
As for my father, I stopped speaking to him the day I graduated from high school. He and my mother were still married, but as far as I was concerned, I only had one parent. I hated my father something fierce and I had made no secret of it as I'd grown older. He also downplayed it for my mother because the second that I had left for college, he had quickly realized that he couldn't control me anymore. He knew he had no more leverage to use against me, other than my mother's happiness and my love for her.
We were engaged in a cold war. I didn't speak to or about him and he extended that same curtesy. Luckily, my mother had stopped asking questions years ago.
Sitting down, I pulled up the Darwin report and did my best not to groan. Lawrence Darwin needed an investor for his battery longevity creation, which wasn't a bad product. However, the more I met with the man, the more apparent it was that he just wanted money from someone to make his dream of being rich come true. He didn't want a partner or an investor, really. He wanted someone to lend him all the capital, and in the event his battery was successful, he'd pay it back and just walk away with one hundred percent of the profits.
Yeah.
That wasn't how it worked.
My cellphone rang and I saw that it was my best friend, Lorcan Cavanaugh. I answered as he was one of the very few people that I answered the phone for. Unless I was expecting a very specific phone call, I let most of my calls go to voicemail. I didn't have time for bullshit, and it was near impossible to get someone off the phone once they got me on the line.
"What's up?"
"Where are you?" Before I utter a word, he answered for me. "Oh, never mind. I'm sure you're at work as always."
"Empires don't build themselves, asshole," I scoffed my retort. "As you should know."
"They also don't crumble if you take just one fucking night off, assface," he tossed back. Little did he know that they could. At least, for me, they could.
"What do you want?"
"Molly's having a party and I'm supposed to invite you," he answered.
"A party for what?" Molly was Lorcan's younger sister, and the girl felt that every steppingstone in life deserved a party and I wasn't a party person. I attended galas and social functions because I had to as CEO of SFH, but that didn't mean I liked to.
"She got a new job and-"
I couldn't stop the weighted sigh that rushed out. "Jesus, Lorcan," I groaned, "a new job?"
Luckily, he also thought Molly's penchant for throwing random parties was ridiculous, too. "I know, Gage," he mumbled just as frustrated. "It's completely stupid but it's not like I can stop her."
I met Lorcan in college, our sophomore year, when he had walked in on me screwing his steady pussy from behind. At the time, I hadn't known she was his steady pussy, and I hadn't been keen on fighting with my dick out, but I'd been ready to defend myself. However, instead of losing his shit, Lorcan had unzipped his pants and had rammed his cock into her mouth. We had used her like the cheating slut she was, and after that, we had ditched her but had become friends. It was the only time we had ever shared a female, and our life-long pact to call dibs had been made the next morning, and we've stuck to it so far.
Lorcan's been my only real friend since then. I stopped talking to Chance the day he stood with Margot in keeping me from Mystic all those years ago.
"Well, you can quit inviting me," I suggested, getting back to the subject at hand.
"Fuck that," he scoffed. "If I have to go to these horrible parties, so do you."
"You don't have to go," I reminded him. "If it's her birthday or she pops out a kid, fine. But a new job? A hard pass, my friend."
"C'mon," he practically whined. "How about if I make her promise not to try to set you up?"
I rolled my eyes, even though he couldn't see me. Molly's goal in life-besides living in a puddle of confetti-was to see me and her brother married off to one of her insipid, annoying friends. "Still a hard pass, my friend," I repeated. "Besides, I'm busy this weekend. I gotta work."
"I haven't even mentioned which weekend," he deadpanned.
"Doesn't matter," I threw back. "I'm busy every weekend. For the next few years, as a matter of fact. Actually, probably for the rest of my life."
"You're a dick," he announced as if I already hadn't known this about myself.
"Maybe," I conceded. "But I'm a dick who doesn't have to go to his little sister's party and make nice with her annoying friends, so I'm thinking I'm okay with that."
"Dude, you don't have to marry any of them," he argued. "Just get laid and move on."
"No pussy in that group of friends your sister has is worth the stage-five clinging they'd do after I fucked them." Ever since hitting my first million, I was careful about the women I fucked.
Very careful.
"Someone thinks highly of his bedroom skills," he laughed.
"Nah," I chuckled. "It's my wallet that's the attraction. I'm not confused about that, Lor." Even though I wasn't a bad-looking guy, my wallet attracted more women than my looks or personality actually did. I wasn't saying all women were gold-diggers but most of the women who ran in my social circles were.
"Fine," Lorcan relented. "I'll let Molly know you're going to be a no-show."
"You still don't have to go, you know," I repeated.
"I'm not as picky about my pussy as you are," he snorted.
I shook my head. "Good luck with that," I replied before we said our goodbyes.
It wasn't that I was picky about pussy, so much as I was about avoiding a scandal and internet headlines. These days, with technology, it was too easy to find yourself plastered all over the internet, never to recover again. I sure as fuck was not trying to end up like all those other poor bastards whose lives have been ruined because they couldn't control their addictions, sick or not. I worked too damn hard to land anywhere other than on top.
No woman will ever bring me to my knees.
Not ever-fucking-again.
Chapter 17
Mystic~
Two months at Cavanaugh Industries and I was already looped into the politics of office-life. I was also caught up in some stupid shit that could cost me my job, but the tradeoff was worth it. Or it would be worth it if I ever got my foot in the door to something bigger.
Mean Girl, Reagan Contreras, had ended up being my direct report because I was lucky like that. She wasn't my boss, per se, that title belonged to Lacey Stevens, but Reagan had more seniority on me and worked in one of the offices and not in a cubicle.
After my first month at CI, Reagan had delegated a project to me and it wasn't until I was three projects in that I realized she was pawning her work off on me while she did...well, I didn't know what the hell she did, but it wasn't her work.
At first, I had considered going to Lacey about it, but I quickly nixed that idea. While Reagan was using me to do her work, I had decided to use her to gain enough experience to move up, whether here at CI or somewhere else, I didn't care. I just knew I didn't want to do clerk work forever. I needed a challenge, and this was giving me that opportunity.
Sure, I knew there was a risk of us getting in trouble over it, but I obviously must have been doing a good job for Reagan to continue to give me her projects to complete. She disguised the work as 'mentoring' and 'team building' but since I was often the only fool left in the building until ten most nights, there was no team involved in any of this.
And while I disliked Reagan immensely, I wasn't about to squander away this opportunity out of spite. Cut, nose, face, and all that jazz, you know.
There was also the fact that while Reagan didn't know it, I had authored all the projects with my name and employee number and had hidden them in the documents, so that if this ever came out, she couldn't claim my work as her own.
My desk phone rang, and I answered, "Cavanaugh Industries, Mystic Anderson speaking."
"Hey, chick. What's the haps?"
I smiled as I would recognize that voice anywhere. "Hey, Rowan."
Rowan Lewis was my best friend and the person who knew me best. We met our junior year in college when our Econ Professor, Professor Neilson, had told me his class wasn't for weak people. Rowan had jumped to my defense, and later, had jumped Professor Neilson's bones. Our friendship had been forged from the passion of the young and we've been best friends ever since.
"Look, I'm calling because I have to go out of town for a stupid audit, and so I have to cancel Friday," she mumbled miserably. Rowan was a corporate auditor, and she was a vicious one at that. "I also promised Grayson lunch when I get back." Grayson was her older brother and the best thing since sliced bread. Not to mention, the man was easy on the eyes. If I didn't love him like a brother, I'd probably stalk him like a lunatic.
"That's fine," I replied. "MG handed off another project of hers, so I'm probably going to sleep here all week anyway. That includes Friday, too."
"Ugh," she breathed out. "I know this will all help you in the long run, but I hate knowing that bitch is making you do her work under her sly, slick, and wicked ways. How the hell do you get her work and your work done, anyhow?" Rowan knew MG stood for Mean Girl and that was Reagan.
I snorted. "I'm here until ten at night almost all week long," I admitted.
"Christ, Mystic, you're going to end up working yourself sick," she complained lovingly.
I didn't think it was quite that dramatic. Work myself into sleeping twelve hours Sunday, maybe, but not sick. "Well, it's not like I have someone waiting at home for me, Row," I joked. "Work is the only action I'm getting these days."
Rowan huffed. "That's because you're too damn picky, Mystic," she said, and not for the first time. "There are so many nice guys out there that would love to date you."
I rolled my eyes, even though she couldn't see me through the phone. "Guys never want to date the chubby girl, Row."
"You're not chubby," she automatically disputed. "You're curvy, and there are plenty of grown men who appreciate curves. We're not in college anymore, Mys. Mature guys look beyond being a size two."
Of course, I couldn't tell her the real reason I didn't want to date. The simple fact was that what I needed from a man was unhealthy and I was too scared to ever voice that need to another partner ever again. It was a sick balance between knowing that I would never want to endure the horrors of being raped but wishing that I could find a man who could read my mind enough to know when 'no' really meant 'yes'. And, deep down, even if I could manage that balancing act, Gage Evans already destroyed any part of me that wanted to try again.
I still wanted to be taken in the worst way, though. However, I didn't trust myself or anyone else anymore in that regard. No matter how much I wanted to be possessed by a man who would stop at nothing to have me, I thought I'd had that in Gage and being proven wrong had very nearly destroyed me. Pieces of me were still missing, ten years later.
"Well, chubby or not," I replied, returning to our conversation, "I'm just not up for the song and dance of a first date."
"Screw a first date then," Rowan laughed. "Just go out and get laid, if nothing else, Mys. I mean, sometimes a girl has just got to have her needs met. Preferably, all night long."
I laughed. "Yeah, Rowan, I'll get right on that."
"You need to get on something," she retorted. "Preferably something with eight inches.
Now she was really reaching. "Eight inches is a rather lofty goal there, Row."
"Not even," she argued. "Ten inches is a lofty goal. Eight inches is reasonable."
I shook my head. This girl. "Okay, I'm done with this conversation," I announced. "I am not going to discuss penis sizes with you while I'm at work. And for the record, eight inches is way more than average."
"Riiiiight," she chuckled. "We'll table this for when I get back and we can have a girls' night. Don't forget to bring a ruler."
I laughed. "Have a safe trip, Row."
"I will," she said, a smile in her voice. "Love you, Mystic."
"Love you, too."
I didn't like lying to Rowan, but my drought was a lot longer than she believed. Over the years, I've given her stories of one-night stands that never happened, but it was because I knew she'd flip if she knew the truth. If she knew it's been close to six years since I've had sex, she'd insist on knowing why. And for the most part, she'd be right to be concerned. Even chubby girls could find sex if a man lowered his expectations a bit. Everyone knew it was easier for women to get laid than men, no matter what the girl looked like. Men were suckers for pussy. Especially, the kind that came without strings or next day phone calls.
And while I missed sex, I didn't want to fake it. I didn't want to meet that moment of disappointment when foreplay morphed into sex. I didn't want to have to pretend to cum or even enjoy it. Sure, there were rumored sex clubs, and I could always look into one of the million dating sites on the internet, but I didn't want something that was orchestrated.
I wanted the real deal.
Because I knew what the real deal felt like.
I wanted unleashed and I wanted it to be genuine. I didn't want a guy playing a part as if my sexual desires were a fantasy to be played out. The dark needs in my soul were not part of a fantasy. They weren't roleplaying opportunities. They went beyond spicing up the bedroom.
My desires were one of the realest things about me, and as much as I hated to admit it, they weren't something I thought I'd ever get over. At least, not without the help of a real professional or medication.
And I knew I'd never get over Gage Evans, no matter how hard I've tried over the years.
I looked down at my desk at Reagan's latest project and decided to go back to what I could actually control. This experience would eventually help me get to where I wanted to go, and if my journey was taken alone, so be it.
At least I wouldn't be damaging anyone else.
Chapter 18
Gage~
It was a Saturday morning, and while I never slept in, it was still too early for my mother to be calling me. It could only mean she missed me. Whenever she misses me, she calls at crazy early or late hours knowing that's the best time to catch me for conversation.
Over the years, there have been so many times that I have wanted to tell my mother the truth about my father, but she was truly, blissfully unaware of my father's philandering and she was happy.
Always happy.
I wasn't brave enough to tear her world apart. Besides, it would come down to my word against my father's and I wasn't sure which side my mother would pick. I wasn't ready to lose her over my father, and if I threatened her marriage that might very well could happen.
I answered the phone. "Hey, Mom."
She let out a soft sigh. "Gage, honey," she replied. "How are you?"
"I'm well, Mom," I told her. "How are you doing?"
"I'm fine," she replied. "I miss my only son, though."
I hated that I went out of my way to avoid her because I really did love her, but guilt was a monkey on my back I couldn't shake. I was always on the verge of telling her the truth now that my father didn't have a hold on me any longer, and I was always worried I was going to blurt out his secrets, ruining my mother's happily crafted life. "I miss you, too."
Her voice lightened as she said, "Well, I'm going to be in Chicago next week for a conference, so why don't we do lunch?" My parents still lived in California and my mother still traveled for business. Sometimes work brought her to Chicago.
An automatic denial was on my lips, but I held it in. "Alone, Mom," I replied, instead.
"Now, Gage-"
"No, Mother," I said, cutting her off. "I am not going to sit through another lunch where you invite a friend and her conveniently single daughter." My mother's grandmother clock was ticking, and she wasn't being subtle about it at all.
"That was one time, Gage."
One time too many.
"Call me when you know more and I'll make the reservations for lunch," I replied, ignoring her defense.
She let out a sigh. "Fine," she relented. "I'll call you."
I smiled because I couldn't help it. I was a right bastard, but I did love my mother. "Okay. Talk to you later, Mom. I love you."
"I love you, too," she said automatically right before hanging up.
Now, while I was sure my mom's friends had lovely daughters, my father's introduction to sex had fucked me up so badly that my dick didn't get hard for sweet and innocent. It got hard for the darker pleasures and I hated that development as much as I hated my father.
The first time I ever fucked Mystic Anderson, it hadn't been her tight, virgin pussy that had made me cum. It had been the dark, disgusting images of holding her down and making her take it that had finally made me nut off, and it's been those sick images that have been doing it for me all these years later.
I had sworn Mystic Anderson was dead to me the day it had sunk in that she had really left me, but over the years, I couldn't keep the memories at bay.
She was every-fucking-where.
She was there whenever my dark desires surfaced. And even though it had taken a couple of years, she had still been there when I had finally started fucking other girls. I had stayed the fuck away from girls with brown hair and brown eyes, but it hadn't mattered. Mystic was all I saw when I was balls-deep inside a woman.
She was there because no other woman had ever been able to come close to being what Mystic had been to me.
What she still fucking was.
The sad thing was that while I had come across a few women who would have loved to be taken roughly, I hadn't wanted to cross that line with them for more reasons than just my image. Mystic had really done a fucking number on me and marking another woman had always felt wrong, no matter how much my dark needs had wanted to.
I resorted to cage fight training to unleash my aggression, and even then, that didn't do much. It took the edge off but that was it.
Mystic was there in my head all the goddamn time whenever a woman was getting naked for me. While I knew her name and face, the second my dick made contact, every face turned into Mystic's. Every moan was in the sound of her voice. Every pair of tits morphed into Mystic's. Every pussy I had sunk into was a joke until I imagined it was Mystic's.
My dick may have had its fair share of pussy, but in my mind, I've only ever fucked Mystic Anderson. The trick had been to remember that it was all just a fantasy. Had I really, genuinely, believed these women to be Mystic, I would have torn them apart.
The day I'd gone looking for Mystic and Margot had told me she was gone, I had lost my shit. And no matter what I had threatened, Margot wouldn't tell me anything more. She wouldn't tell me where Mystic had gone or why. I never thought I'd want to kill anyone other than my father, but that day, I had wanted to wrap my hands around Margot's neck and snuff the life out of her. After all, with every word she said she had been killing me. And Chance had been no better, which only proved that teenage dick really was a slave to willing pussy.
The nail in the coffin had been when I had gone to Mystic's house and her father had told me that she was gone and that she had gone willingly. At first, I hadn't believed him because there's no way Mystic would have left me. At the time, I had believed that our love and need for each other had transcended everything and everyone else.
Boy, had I been fucking wrong.
Her dad had explained, in excruciating detail, that Mystic had been communicating with a fashion design blogger and she had convinced Mystic that she would mentor her. All Mystic had to do was move and register for an elite fashion program.
At first, it had all sounded like bullshit because Mystic was never a fashionista. She never cared about fitting in or keeping up with the latest styles. And why wouldn't Margot just tell me that? Granted, it could have been because Margot knew I'd go after her, but still. I never would have denied Mystic a future. I'd just denied her a future that hadn't included me.
It hadn't been until her mother had come out and handed me a letter, written to me by Mystic, that the truth of their words had finally vibrated in my head.
Mystic had left.
She had really gone, and no one was going to help me find her. They'd all been on her side and I'd had no tools to fight for her with.
It had taken me two weeks of absolute emptiness before I had blocked her from ever contacting me again. I had also blocked Chance and Margot and had barely made it through the rest of the school year without killing someone. It hadn't been until I left for college that I felt I could finally breathe again.
My father had never asked what was wrong, and when my mother had, I had told her the truth. I had told her I was in love with Mystic and that she had upped and left me. My mom had tried to see me through those dark days, but nothing had worked. She had finally let me handle it my way and that was to distance myself from fucking everything and everyone.
And I never did read that fucking letter.
Chapter 19
Mystic~
Instincts were real.
They were real, and when the hairs on the back of your neck stand up, you really shouldn't ignore that shit. Instincts, literally, could mean the difference between life and death.
So, when I got a calendar pop-up, first thing Monday morning, telling me that I had an impromptu meeting at four this afternoon with Lacey Stevens, my instincts had started firing all over the place. Lacey Stevens oversaw our floor and department, and I couldn't think of anything she'd need to speak with me about. As a matter of fact, I was kicking ass if I did say so myself. Not only was I on top of my workload but I was also taking on anything Reagan threw at me.
I wasn't so naive as to believe she'd be calling me in for employee recognition, though. I've only been with CI for a couple of months; there's no way they'd be looking at me for any kind of promotion. I was at a complete loss until Reagan came hissing into my cubicle.
"Did you open your big mouth?" she snapped lethally, but low enough that only I could hear her.
"What?" While I didn't want to cause waves, I wasn't a pushover.
"I've been called for a meeting at four with Lacey and you're included on the email," she hissed.
Had I missed that?
I stood up because I wasn't going to let this woman intimidate me. I glanced around to make sure no one was paying us any attention before saying, "I've never even met Lacey," I told her. "The only person I talk to whenever I do get a chance to talk to someone, is Sadie. And I haven't told her anything about doing your work."
Reagan's eyes widened at me calling her out, but she wasn't going to cower. People like her never did. "No one forced you to help out," she spat.
"Help out?" This viper had nerve. "You and I both know I'm doing your grunt work and the projects you find boring, Reagan," I pointed out. "Just because I'm using you to get experience doesn't mean I don't know that you're using me, period. So, before you try to insult my intelligence any further, I suggest you take your guilty conscience back to your office and wait it out. You have no idea what that meeting is about. Neither do I."
She looked so pissed, I feared she was going to pop a blood vessel. "Listen up, little girl, I've been here a lot longer than you have. Don't think to start playing a game you can't win."
If I didn't finish this up soon, someone was bound to catch wind of the animosity. "And don't presume to know that I don't know how to play the game, Reagan," I shot back. "This isn't my first job, and you are not the first snake I've come across."
Reagan gasped and I knew it was the snake comment. Women as beautiful as Reagan weren't used to those kinds of adjectives. "If you cross me, you'll regret it, Mystic. And if you think CI will pick your side over mine, you are sorely mistaken," she threatened.
I sat back down, dismissing her. "We'll see," I replied, my voice strong. Even if all that were true, there's no way I'd let Reagan know I cared. Weakness was not something I was about to show in front of this horrible woman.
In front of anyone.
She stormed off and I quickly reopened the email Lacey had sent. There weren't any other recipients on my email which meant Reagan was lying. I scanned the rest of my emails to see if I was sent another one where I was copied but I didn't find anything. There was no email and that could only mean someone had given Reagan a heads up about the nature of the meeting.
Well, hell.
The rest of the afternoon, I had done my best to ignore the sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach as four o'clock came inching closer and closer. It wasn't that I was worried I'd end up homeless or anything like that, but this job paid well, and I enjoyed it, Reagan aside. I didn't want to have to look for another job. Especially, if I got fired for falsification or something equally unappealing.
Five minutes to four, Lacey Stevens and Reagan approached my cubicle as Lacey decided against pleasantries. "Mystic, if you and Reagan will follow me," she instructed, no 'please' or anything.
I followed behind her and Reagan with my back straight and my head held high. There was no way I was going to give off scared, little rabbit vibes. If I had any hope of saving my job, I had to prove I was strong enough to fight for it. Besides, I knew what I was doing when Reagan had started dumping her projects on me. I really couldn't blame anyone else for the predicament I was in now.
But, hell, I wasn't even sure if we were even in trouble. Who's to say they weren't pairing us up for an upcoming project? It was possible.
At least, it had been until I stepped into a conference room that wasn't empty. I moved on autopilot behind Lacey and Reagan as Lacey sat in the first right side chair, and Reagan next to her. I took the second chair on the left side as, hands down, one of the most gorgeous men I have ever set eyes on sat at the head of the conference table.
He looked like he was carved from stone as his grey eyes made direct contact with each one of us as we situated ourselves. He had hair as black as night and it made his eyes pop out like a swirling mist. I noticed his brows seemed groomed, but something told me this man did not pretty himself up. He looked like the kind of man who didn't give a shit.
About anything.
He had a perfectly sculpted face that you only saw on movie stars like Matt Bomer or Henry Cavill. And even from his seated position, you could tell he was tall. He was definitely over six-foot, but I wasn't sure by how much. His suit jacket draped over his broad shoulders like he was meant to always be wearing suits, and I could tell that if he stood up his entire suit would fit him to perfection. He screamed class, money, and power.
He also looked pissed as hell.
I wanted to weep with anxiety. This wasn't good. Whoever this man was, he wasn't a peon, and he wasn't here because this was a good thing. Glancing quickly at Reagan confirmed it. She looked scared and Lacey looked constipated.
Lacey addressed Reagan first, and then me. "Reagan, you've met Mr. Cavanaugh," she clipped out before looked my way. "Mystic, this is Mr. Lorcan Cavanaugh, owner and CEO of Cavanaugh Industries." Her eyes darted towards Mr. Cavanaugh. "Mr. Cavanaugh, Ms. Mystic Anderson."
Holy. Fucking. Shit.
Looks like I was getting fired today after all.
I watched as he ignored the introductions and leaned back in his chair, folding his arms over his lap, casual as could be, but anything but. "Ms. Anderson, do you know why you're here?"
I wanted to laugh. If that wasn't a leading question, I didn't know what was. Luckily, I wasn't stupid. A bit reckless? Maybe. Stupid? No. "No, sir. I don't." If Reagan wanted to throw me under the bus, so be it. However, I wasn't going to throw myself under the damn thing.
He looked over at Reagan. "Ms. Contreras, do you know why you're here?"
I watched as Reagan smoothed her skirt with her hands-probably wiping away the guilt sweat-then place her arms perfectly over one another on the tabletop. "I'm not sure, Mr. Cavanaugh."
Mr. Cavanaugh leaned forward, placing his arms across the top of the table in the very same manner as Reagan. "You're not sure? Does that mean you might suspect why you're here?"
Her pretty features started to contort in panic. "Uh, well, I mean...." She glanced over at me for some help but the last thing I was going to do was help a scorpion sting me. "Uhm, well?no, sir. I...actually, I don't know why I've been called in here today-why we were."
Lacey sat silent as Mr. Cavanaugh's silver gaze danced back and forth between me and Reagan. "Well, Ms. Contreras, you're here to explain to me why your projects have Ms. Anderson's name on them. And, Ms. Anderson, you're here to explain why your name is on Ms. Contreras' projects."
Oh, shit.
Chapter 20
Gage~
I knew Lorcan was a busy man, but I also knew I was one of his few exceptions.
While Stymic Financial Holdings was a money purse, Cavanaugh Industries was more diverse in what they did and represented. And when I was looking at the Darwin proposal, I had seen that Lawrence had included Cavanaugh Industries in the architecture phase of his proposal. I wanted to get Lorcan's gut feeling about Lawrence Darwin.
I dialed my friend, and as always, he answered the phone. "Changed your mind about the party?"
"No," I automatically replied.
Lorcan chuckled. "What do you want?"
"You got some spare time to discuss Lawrence Darwin?"
"Aaahhh, so he hit you up, too?" he replied, knowing where this was going.
"Yeah, and I gotta say I have some reservations about all this."
"I admit, I just briefly glanced at the thing," he said. "The proposal appeared as if he wants all the profits but only wants to put in the minimal amount of work. I threw it on the pile of other proposals that had the same scheme to them."
He wasn't wrong. "I got that same impression when I looked it over, then I saw that it had CI as an architectural hopeful."
"So, what do you got?" he asked, knowing I did the research if I was reaching out to him.
"I spoke with my research team and they said the battery is doable. However, they're dubious about the validity of the research presented in the proposal," I answered. "The proposal is lazy and sloppy, but if there's a chance it could come to fruition and work, well?I'm interested."
"Be that as it may, do you really want to work with the fool?" Lorcan asked in true Lorcan fashion. "He sounds lazy and entitled."
"I'm sure he is," I agreed. "But I wouldn't be the one working with him. That's the luxury of owning your own company. I can assign some other poor soul to be his point of contact."
Lorcan let out a dark chuckle. "Speaking of poor souls," he joked. "This afternoon I have a meeting with two of my employees to remind them that I see all and that I know all. Sort of like The Wizard of Oz."
If I had a heart, I'd feel sorry for the two unfortunate souls who tried to get over on Lorcan Cavanaugh. However, I didn't have a heart, so I didn't feel sorry for them. Plus, people had to be accountable for their actions. Anyone thinking they were smart enough to get over on Lorcan must not have had a clue what type of man they were working for.
"Ouch," I chuckled.
"Yeah," he replied, a devious smile in that one word. "Reagan Contreras was pawning her work off on a new employee and not giving her any credit for it."
I've met Reagan Contreras and whatever intelligence I had given her credit for was now officially revoked. "C'mon," I groaned. "Is she really that stupid to think she could get away with something like that?"
"Evidently," he replied.
"What are you going to do?" I knew what I'd do if it were me. I'd fire both of them, no questions asked.
"After I put the fear of God into them, I'm going to demote Reagan to teach her not to fuck with me ever again," he bit out, telling me just how irritated he was over the rouse.
Like me, Lorcan didn't have time for petty bullshit. The fact that he had to take time out of his day to reprimand an employee, one who's been with him long enough to know better, was enough to make his inner Satan come out.
"How'd you find out?"
"I was going over my weekly security reports and I noticed Ms. Anderson's employee badge being swiped way past normal business hours on a continuous basis," he answered, causing my heart to skip in my chest at the mention of his Ms. Anderson. I knew there were a million Ms. Andersons in the world, but, fuck, if the weight hitting my chest wasn't real. "I ended up researching her floor manager, and then the senior account executives, and then it dawned on me why, all of a sudden, Ms. Contreras' projects were miraculously of better quality. I went over the project presentations and noticed Ms. Anderson's name on all the research."
A part of me-the part that was still a fucking pussy with it came to Mystic Anderson-wanted to ask Lorcan for Ms. Anderson's first name, but my pride grabbed me by the balls and reminded me that I was still, indeed, a man.
And another part of me didn't want to know because that part of me didn't want to face the realistic fact that Mystic could very well no longer be an Anderson. After all, it's been ten years.
"So, then what are you going to do with the gifted Ms. Anderson?"
"I'm not sure yet," he admitted. "She's new and so I need to find out just how much of a culprit she was in all this. It's Ms. Contreras who I'm pissed at most. Not to mention Lacey. She should have known this shit was happening on her watch." Lacey Stevens was one of Lorcan's department floor managers, and unfortunately for her, Lorcan didn't suffer fools or their foolish mistakes gladly.
I decided to get back to the topic at hand. As much as I was sure Lorcan's torturous ways would be entertaining, I was tired of hearing him say Ms. Anderson. "So, how long do you think you'll need to rake them over the coals?"
Lorcan let out a deep breath. "Not long," he replied. "Maybe a half hour, or so. It's not like I'm going to be there to hear their side of the story. I'll mostly be meeting with them to let Ms. Contreras know she's been demoted and to not fuck with me or mine again. Next time she'll be out on her ass."
"Then I'll drop by around four-thirty, or so," I told him. "If you have nothing after five, we can go get some drinks and pussy, if it's on the menu."
Lorcan let out a dark laugh. "Pussy's always on the menu, Gage," he chuckled. "Even if you are an ugly bastard, your wallet more than makes up for it."
"Asshole." But he wasn't wrong. The one thing I've learned after making my first million? Women could be bought. Not all of them, mind you, but a good majority of them could be. "I'll see you later." I hung up before he could talk anymore shit.
It wasn't even that I was judging women who went for the wallet. Everyone had their own sense of survival and sometimes that meant sleeping with a guy for money. Even if it ended up in marriage, you had still gone after the guy for the commas in his bank account and not his personality.
My issue was that even if I could find a woman who would let me unleash my demons for the right price, I didn't want manufactured devastation.
I didn't want a woman screaming my name in pain because I was paying her to do it. I didn't want a woman pretending to cum with my hand wrapped around her throat. I didn't want a woman begging me to bite the fuck out of her, but then collapsing in real tears because she was in more pain than she was in pleasure.
I wanted the real deal.
I wanted what Mystic Anderson had done for me.
I wanted someone who soaked my cock with her juices because she genuinely got off on the pain that was being inflicted upon her. I wanted someone who broke my skin because she'd rather embrace the pain than ask me to stop. I wanted to be able shoot my load deep inside a pussy, all the while ignoring the feminine cries of pain.
Everything I craved was a lawsuit waiting to happen, whether it be criminal or civil, and that wasn't something I was willing to risk. Besides, the last time I gave into the beasts that tormented me, that fucking girl broke something pivotal inside me. The fuck if I would ever go through that shit again.
I didn't kid myself into believing I'd ever find another Mystic, so random pussy, missionary, and all civilized-like was what I satisfied myself with these days.
Even though I was never, ever truly satisfied.
Chapter 21
Mystic~
While Reagan's eyes widened in panic, I did my best to keep my face absolutely stoic. I prayed I gave nothing away. I pretended I was at police headquarters being interrogated for murder. My face wasn't going to give anything away and my mouth was going to stay firmly shut.
This. Was. Not. Good.
The room was silent. Me, because I wasn't going to tell on myself. Reagan?well, I didn't know why she clammed up. She's the one who's met Mr. Cavanaugh before. Shouldn't their interaction be more?comfortable?
I waited for someone to crack first because it wasn't going to be me.
Five...four...three...two?
"Mr. Cavanaugh, uhm...Ms. Anderson approached me and...uh, expressed interest in helping me with some low-level accounts, and-"
His reaction wasn't a positive one. "Ms. Contreras, Cavanaugh Industries doesn't have low-level accounts," he snapped, interrupting her. "Every client we have is held at the highest regard whether they bring in a billion dollars or a nickel. Am I making myself clear?"
Reagan started nodding her head. "Of...of course. I'm sorry, Mr.-"
Mr. Cavanaugh put his hand up to stop her and it was clear he knew she was lying to him. "Is it your position, then, that Ms. Anderson came to you and you handed her your accounts in an attempt to mentor her?"
Reagan's face relaxed and I could tell she thought he was buying her bullshit. "Yes, sir. Exactly."
"Then why don't any of your low-level accounts have her name on them, giving her assisted credit?" Her jaw clenched at his use of the words low-level, and she wasn't doing a great job of schooling her facial features. She knew she was in deep shit.
We were in deep shit.
"Uhm?"
"See, Ms. Contreras, I don't have a problem with mentoring or team building," he explained in a calming voice I knew was a farce. This man was pissed. He was taking it as a personal affront that we had done something behind his back. Even if the accounts had been handled expertly, we lied. We'd been sneaky about what we were doing, and Mr. Cavanaugh didn't look like the kind of man who took kindly to being hoodwinked. "My issue is when work-excellent work-is done by one employee but taken credit by another, and that's exactly what the case seems to be in this instance." He lifted a raven brow. "Unless you can, indeed, explain to me why Ms. Anderson's name was left off the final presented project details."
Reagan looked panicked and Lacey wasn't offering up any help. I didn't know Lacey well, but I was pretty sure Lacey was going to save herself here, and she was doing so by waiting everyone out to see who would be in less trouble; me or Reagan.
However, as much as I despised Reagan, and Lacey was turning out to be a coward, I couldn't sit by and not take responsibility for my part in this shitshow. "Mr. Cavanaugh, while it is obvious Reagan and I didn't exactly follow procedure, I benefited from this...uh, arrangement every bit as she did. Reagan may have received all the credit, but I gained a lot of experience doing her-uh, working with her."
I refused to be a coward.
I refused to be intimidated.
I already did that once before and my life was one that lacked happiness because of it.
His silver gaze was sharp, and I could tell he was doing his best to mask his anger, but he wasn't being successful. He didn't care about our explanations. We were here, so he could let us know we were found out. We were here, so he could remind us who was boss at Cavanaugh Industries. We were here to be put back in our place.
"Was that an admission to breaking Cavanaugh Industries employee policy, Ms. Anderson?" he asked, sure that it wasn't an admission but still trying to make his point.
"Yes," I admitted, taking away some of his power.
But before he could comment, Reagan started saving herself like I knew she would. "Mr. Cavanaugh, sir, let me assure you that Mystic does not speak for me. She may have known she was breaking policy, but I assure you I wasn't aware-" Mr. Cavanaugh's fist came down on the table, shutting Reagan the hell up, but his eyes never mine. Grey eyes clashed with brown.
After a heartbeat of silence, he turned towards Reagan and pointed out her stupidity, once again. "Are you telling me that an employee of only two months knows Cavanaugh Industries policies better than an employee who has been with us for years, Ms. Contreras? Are you suggesting that Ms. Anderson knew enough to know that what you two were doing was against policy, but you didn't?"
"Uh...I...well?" Reagan was drowning, and she looked over at Lacey for a life jacket to be thrown her way, but Lacey was only saving Lacey. Once it was clear to Reagan that Lacey wasn't going to help her, she turned back towards Mr. Cavanaugh. "I?"
Once again, I overstepped and jump from the frying pan into the fire. I wasn't sure why I was being insistent, only that I wanted to be the type of person who did the right thing, regardless of how much I disliked Reagan. "Mr. Cavanaugh, I didn't have to agree to the extra workload," I pointed out. "I chose to take on the extra work. I think it's fair to say that we, both, used poor judgement equally."
His resolve snapped.
He snapped and that's when I realized I wasn't defending myself, so much as challenging him in front of others. "I didn't ask you, Ms. Anderson," he snarled, confirming that I was pissing him off just as much as Reagan was. "Or do you not only do Ms. Contreras' work but speak for her as well? Because I'm asking her to explain the situation, not you."
"My apolo-"
"Get out," he barked at Lacey and Reagan. "Get out, the both of you." What. The. Hell? "Since Ms. Anderson believes she has all the answers, I don't need either of you in the room any longer."
Holy. Shit.
I sat silently as Reagan stood and Lacey gathered her stuff. Neither woman spared me a second glace as they made their way out of the conference room.
With the final click of the door to the conference room being closed, Mr. Cavanaugh leaned towards me and asked, "Now, would you like to explain to me why you feel Cavanaugh Industries rules don't apply to you, Ms. Anderson?"
I did my best not to stumble on my words. However, since the odds were pretty high that I was going to get fired, there was no sense in lying. "I don't believe the rules don't apply to me, Mr. Cavanaugh," I denied.
He arched a brow and leaned back in his chair. "Really?"
"Really," I insisted. "That's why when you fire me, I'm going to walk out of here with my head held high. I take responsibility for breaking procedure and there's no excuse. There's a reason, but no excuse."
"And the reason?"
"I don't want to be a file clerk for the rest of my life. I have a business degree and my talent and knowledge is wasted by filing paperwork and answering phones. I took advantage of Reagan's manipulative personality and I'm not sorry for it." I shrugged a shoulder. "I'm sorry I'll be getting fired, but I don't regret the experience I gained."
Mr. Cavanaugh cocked his head and he regarded me silently for what seemed like eons. Just when he was about to speak, the conference room door opened and a female voice said, "I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Cavanaugh, but Mr. Evans is here and would like to speak with you." Even though there were a million Mr. Evans in the world, my heart skipped a beat at hearing that name.
It was silly, after all this time, but I couldn't help it. I suspected Gage's name will always garner a reaction out of me, no matter how much time has passed.
"Thank you, Pat-" Mr. Cavanaugh stopped mid-sentence and the look on his face became positively calculating. "You know, Patty, show Mr. Evans in, please. Ms. Anderson is going to take point on a joint project between CI and SFH."
My eyes widened as Patty shut the door and Mr. Cavanaugh addressed me, "You think you're so smart, Ms. Anderson? You think you have what it takes? Well, this is your one chance to prove it."
Before I could ask him if he were crazy, the door to the conference room opened and a voice I would recognize on my death bed said, "Lorcan, thanks for making the time."
I sat frozen as my boss stood up, a smile in his voice. "Gage."
I stared at my lap as the men shook hands and prayed this wasn't happening. I'd known Gage had gone onto to do great things with his finance company. There was no way to work in the industry and not have heard of Gage Evans, but I had worked very hard to avoid anything that was Gage Evans related. I had avoided social medias, anything financial related, and just damn near everything world news.
And now he was here.
"Gage, let me introduce you to the woman who is going to work on the Darwin project with your team," Mr. Cavanaugh said, and I knew my time was up.
I wiped my hands on my skirt and stood up to face Gage Evans after leaving him ten years ago.
The second my face lifted to his, I knew this was a mistake.
Hate never looked so beautiful.
Chapter 22
Gage~
At first, I thought this had to be a joke, but then I remembered that while Lorcan knew all about Mystic and the havoc she had caused me, I had never told him her name. He knew I had been broken by the female species at a young age, but I had. Never. Told. Him. Her. Name. She had been just 'that girl' because I had hated saying her name. I still did.
I stood there, fuming, among a million other emotions as Lorcan did the introductions.
"Gage Evans, I'd like you to meet Mystic Anderson," he said, completely unaware of the fire shooting out of my eyes and the wariness in her still fucking beautiful brown eyes. "Ms. Anderson, I'd like you to meet Gage Evans of Stymic Financial Holdings."
Neither of us spoke. Not sure why Mystic was mute, but I kept my mouth shut and my hand from stretching out in a handshake just to torture her. It was that or grab her by her fucking hair and drag her out of the building, demanding answers and handing over a punishment that spanned ten fucking years.
Lorcan didn't make it to where he was by being a stupid man, so when neither of us made a move to shake hands, he immediately picked up on the awkwardness. He glanced at Mystic and then me, and since we were behind closed doors, he felt comfortable shedding his professionalism.
Looking at me, he said, "What the hell's going on?"
My lip curled up into a snarl of its own accord. "We've met," I bit out. "As a matter of fact, we went to high school together."
Two seconds was all it took for Lorcan to connect the dots and not that he owed me an explanation, but he said, "I didn't know, man."
Mystic stood there, pale and trembling, but I didn't give a fuck. She hadn't cared how bailing on me all those years ago had made me feel, so I couldn't give two fucks if she were uncomfortable now. But most of all, I hated that she had aged well. I was bitter enough to have hoped that she had been run into the ground, but of course, no such luck. Mystic was still as fucking beautiful as ever. Worse? Those curves I had abused when we were kids matured right along with the rest of her and she looked like a goddamn hourglass in her professional blouse and skirt.
A fucking skirt I wanted to rip off her at the same time as I wanted to wrap my hands around her neck and watch her life fade out right before my eyes.
I watched as Mystic turned to Lorcan and said, "It's possible Mr. Evans might prefer to work with someone else, Mr. Cavanaugh. Perhaps there's another project you can put me on to?uh, showcase my abilities." Mystic didn't know that I knew why she was here, so she was trying to exercise as much professionalism as she could, even though Lorcan and I were past that part.
He looked over at me, looking for permission for something, and without knowing what it was, I gave it to him. Lorcan was my best friend and no matter how much I hated Mystic and what she had done to me, I wasn't going to undermine Lorcan in front of one of his employees.
"Ms. Anderson, I think working with Gage is exactly the perfect scenario to show me what you're capable of. It'll prove just how professional your capabilities are. If you can work with Gage, despite your history together, well, then, I suspect you would hold up to corporate pressure remarkably."
Her eyes widened as she caught onto Lorcan's words about our past. That was my cue to finally speak to her. "Yes, Ms. Anderson," I spewed venomously. "Let's see if you can work with your boss' business associate and turn out a successful project. I mean, I know your word is shit but seems as if Lorcan still has hope for you."
The flush of her embarrassment covered her face completely. She chose to ignore me and face Lorcan instead. "Mr. Cavanaugh-"
He put his hand up, interrupting her. "Let me stop you right there, Ms. Anderson," he said. "I assigned you this project before I knew you were the girl who fucked over my best friend." Mystic gasped and I smirked. "And quite frankly, if he told me to toss your ass out on the street, I would. Especially, since I have cause after that shit you and Ms. Contreras pulled. However, I am giving you a chance to prove yourself with this joint project, regardless of what's between you and Gage. If you don't think you can do this, tell me and you can start your week off by looking for a new job."
Mystic looked livid and it was a good look on her. I wished I hadn't noticed, but I did. Hell, I couldn't stop fucking looking at her. Still ignoring me, she asked, "And if Mr. Evans decides he doesn't want to work on this project with me after all?"
I spoke before Lorcan could answer. "I'm not the one who has a history of being a liar and a coward, Ms. Anderson," I bit out. "If I give my word on something, I see it through. To the fucking end." I wasn't just talking about the project and she knew it.
"Look, that's the deal," Lorcan told her. "Take it or leave it, I don't care. You have five seconds to decide."
I could see the panic flash in Mystic's eyes. I knew nothing about her these days, but everyone needed to work. My assumption was that she couldn't afford to lose this job any more than the next guy. However, as much as I wanted to torture her-and make no mistake, my dick twitched with the idea that I held her professional fate in my hands-I wasn't sure I wouldn't kill her by the time this project was presented. The hell I'd pawn it off to an associate now.
"Uh, of course, Mr. Cavanaugh," she replied, a tremor in her voice. "It's not a problem."
Liar.
Lorcan looked over at me. "Are you good with this?"
"If she can do the job, it's not a problem," I told him. "If she proves to be dumber than a box of rocks, then we'll have to revisit."
And just when I thought Mystic was going to just stand there and continue to take the verbal abuse, she surprised me. "Let's get one thing straight, Mr. Evans," she snapped. "Our past is just that-the past. And while I am going to do my best with this project, regardless, I will not tolerate your rudeness or disrespect."
She had nerve.
This woman had broken me into a million motherfucking pieces when she had walked away from me without a word. How fucking dare she act the victim.
"Oh, make no mistake, Ms. Anderson," I seethed, not giving a fuck that Lorcan was standing in the room, his ears open to this shitstorm. "I know exactly what you do and don't tolerate."
"Did," she snapped. "What I did tolerate. You don't know anything about the woman I am today."
"And whose fucking fault is that?" I snarled, finally foregoing any pretense at professionalism.
"Okay," Lorcan said, interrupting. "I'm going to step out and give you two a few moments to hash your shit out." He looked at Mystic. "However, it's best that you keep in mind that whatever leeway Gage grants you doesn't necessarily mean I will grant you the same. At the end of the day, Gage is a business associate as well as my friend, Ms. Anderson. I expect you to know where the line is and not to cross it." He didn't give Mystic a chance to respond to his thinly veiled threat before turning and walking out of the conference room.
As soon as the door shut and the sound echoed all around us, Mystic let loose on me. "How dare you?" she cried, her voice full of fury. "This is my job, Gage. I do not appreciate you airing our dirty laundry in front of my boss. Especially, since it's old dirty laundry."
I jammed my fists into my pockets because I didn't trust myself with her. I haven't laid eyes on this woman in years, and the last time I did, I stood outside her classroom as she told me she loved me and would see me later.
Later turned out to be now.
"Are you fucking kidding me?!" I roared, not caring who was on the other side of the conference room. "You got a lot of fucking nerve, Mystic."
"I got nerve?" she shot back. "Why couldn't you have just shaken my hand and acted professional? Why did you have to let my boss in on our old drama?"
I couldn't take it anymore.
I stepped to her and stared down into her perfect fucking face. "Because had I touched you after what you did to me, I would have probably beaten you to fucking death, Mystic."
I was serious.
And Mystic's eyes widened because she knew I was.
Chapter 23
Mystic~
I was feeling too many things at once and I felt like my skin was going to rip open with everything that was trying to break free.
Yeah, I was the one who left, but Gage hadn't waited not even two weeks before blocking me completely from his life.
Two measly weeks.
He might not have been able find me, but he had killed us when he had made sure I could no longer find him. He hadn't even given me a chance to explain or had come looking for me. He let me go, and now he was acting like the victim. Ten years later, when it didn't even matter anymore.
The horrible part was that he looked every bit as gorgeous as he had when we were kids. The same chocolate-colored hair and stormy blue eyes. His face was sharper, and he looked lethal as sin. He also filled out a suit like nobody's business and he still towered over me.
As he was doing now.
And even though it made me look like a coward, I took a step back. I couldn't be so close to him when my mind and emotions were a jumbled mess. Gage was the heroin addiction I had kicked, but that didn't mean I was strong enough to be near the temptation.
Of course, he hated me, so there was that.
I took a deep breath and tried to focus on the subject at hand. Yes, it was a shock to my system to see Gage after all these years, but I needed this job, and I was not going to play games with my livelihood. I've already lost so much that I wasn't about to lose what very little I had left. "Be straight with me, Gage," I said. "Are you going to give me a real chance on this project or are you going to string this along just so you can be a dick?"
His lip curled and I was flooded with unwelcomed memories of our past. I was also flooded with reminders of how I haven't been able to make the same connection with anyone else in all these years. My body was screaming at me to let him pounce, but my sanity was reminding me that my body was stupid and the rest of me wasn't suicidal.
He crowded me until my ass hit the conference table. It put me in a very awkward position knowing it was the perfect height for what would be a nightmare come true. Because that's what Gage was; a beautiful, addicting nightmare.
"Don't flatter yourself, Mystic," he snarled. "You're not worth risking a multi-million-dollar project on. Not to mention, I don't play games when it comes to money."
I gave him a tight nod, ignoring the insult. "Okay. I'll just let Mr. Cavanaugh know that we've come to an agreem-"
Gage smirked and it made him look evil. "We didn't come to an agreement," he said, his voice like a whip. "I don't know what you think this is, but I'm the boss here, Mystic. We don't agree on shit. You do whatever the fuck I tell you." It took everything in me to squash the feelings of longing, love, and, yes, arousal, because Gage was standing before me being everything that had drew me to him when we were younger.
Except, now he was a grown man capable of so much more and my body has been starved for him for so damn long, it was a miracle I wasn't begging him for it as we speak.
Of course, that was never our game.
Gage took.
Gage took while I surrendered.
If he touched me, I'd push him away.
If he grabbed me, I'd fight him.
If he hurt me, I'd shamelessly and pathetically let him use me and I think we both knew it.
The hate and resentment were real, but we weren't ignorant of what it was that brought us together in the first place all those years ago. We could feed our sick cravings judgement-free with one another.
But then I wanted to laugh because I was standing here believing that a man who looked like Gage, and who was as wealthy and as powerful as he was, hadn't been feeding his demons all these years. I was sure there were hordes of women who've jumped at the chance to let him control them, use them.
Suddenly, the weight of seeing this man again almost brought me to my knees. I was grateful the conference room table was holding some of my weight because I wasn't sure if I had the strength to endure much more of this exchange. If we were going to get through this-if I was going to get through this-we needed to remain professional and distant.
I took a deep breath and did my best to keep my demons at bay. "Look, Gage, Mr. Cavanaugh is my boss," I said, ignoring his outburst about him being my boss. "I take direction from him. I understand that you are the point person on your end but I'm also aware of how all this works. This project is a joint interest with your company and CI. However, the CEOs don't handle the details. Just assign an assistant from your company and I'm sure he or she and I can figure it out."
I watched, petrified out of my mind, as he pulled his hands out of his pockets, planted each hand on either side of me, flat on the table, and leaned into me. His dark blue eyes were like brewing storms, full of destruction and lacking mercy.
When there wasn't any room left between us, he said, "You're right, Mystic. The research or leg work isn't my job to do anymore. However, I think I'll make an exception on this project."
That's when I knew.
Gage was going to make my life miserable, and the only way out was to tell him what happened all those years ago. It might not make a difference, but I had to try. I couldn't lose my job and I didn't want to be at the mercy of his hate.
It might not help, but it couldn't hurt.
"Gage, when I left-"
"Don't," he seethed before pulling away and taking a step back from me. "Just don't, Mystic. Nobody gives a fuck about something that happened ten years ago."
I straightened and arched a brow. "Clearly you do or else you wouldn't be coming off as such a jerk," I challenged.
"Either you have a shit memory, or you were never paying attention, Mystic. Newsflash: I've always been a jerk," he replied, his voice cruel.
"Not to me, you weren't," I reminded him.
His laugh was dark and without humor. "You really are fucked in the head," he replied. "I treated you worse than anyone else back then."
I was pissed, confused, and a whole host of other emotions I didn't have time for right now, but I was not going to let him rewrite history. I was not going to let him turn what we had into something that, while wrong, wasn't fake. It had been real.
We had been real.
What we had felt for each other had been real.
Yeah, from the outside looking in, it would appear that he had treated me horribly, but he hadn't. Once we had gone public with our relationship, everyone had been in awe of how attentive Gage had been towards me. No one dared call him pussy-whipped to his face but nothing else had existed for Gage when we had been together.
Nothing.
"You never did anything that I hadn't wanted you to," I said, trying to force the truth out of him. "Everything we did, everything you did, was wanted. Craved, even."
"Until it wasn't any longer," he tossed out. "Right?"
"Gage-"
Whatever I was about to say was cut off when he stormed my way, grabbed a fistful of my hair, twisted it, pulling a cry from my lips. "Right?!" he roared.
Suddenly, I was taken back to that restroom in the park when Gage had first taken me. Ten years later, I was still as sick as I've ever been because this, right here, was what I've been waiting for. But before I could act on it, the conference room door burst open.
I guess indoor voices ceased the second civility had.
"Gage!" Mr. Cavanaugh's voice rang through the tension in the room.
I watched as Mr. Cavanaugh's gorgeous face loomed behind Gage, his hand on his shoulder. "Not now, Lorcan!" Gage snapped.
"Yes. Now!" Mr. Cavanaugh snapped back.
After a few tense seconds, Gage released me and stepped back. I stood there feeling stupid, scared, pathetic, and confused as hell as Mr. Cavanaugh maneuvered himself between me and Gage.
His back towards me, he said, "I have to draw the line somewhere, Gage."
I could hear Gage scoff, even if I couldn't see him. Lorcan Cavanaugh was every bit as tall and broad as Gage. "Since when do you acknowledge lines?"
Mr. Cavanaugh straightened to his full height. "Since the conference room, in which you're standing in, has windows for anyone to look in and see you with your hands on Ms. Anderson, Gage. Nine-one-one being on everyone's speed dial is that line."
Before Gage could respond, Mr. Cavanaugh turned to me. "Go back to your desk, Ms. Anderson."
And I did.
I fled like a coward.
Twice now.
Chapter 24
Gage~
The ice in the tumbler clinked with another pour gone; an entire bottle of scotch nearly gone.
What the actual fuck?
After Lorcan had kicked me out of his building, I'd gone straight home and have been nursing my rage with all the available liquors at my disposal.
Lorcan had been right to intervene or else I'd probably be in jail right now. However, I still couldn't shake how right everything had felt the second I had accosted Mystic in that conference room. I had felt like a bear awaking from hibernation; alive and ready to do what's in its nature to do.
There had been a lot going on in my mind-and in my fucking pants-but more than anything, I had wanted to break and ask Mystic why. I had wanted to ask her why did she fucking just up and leave me. But I hadn't. Partly because I hadn't been thinking straight, and partly because did it even matter all these years later?
After my first three glasses of liquor, I also knew that I wasn't going to be able to work with her on the Darwin proposal. There was no way I could stand to be near her and not lose my shit. I'd either kill her or fuck her, and neither was a good idea. I had too much to live for in regard to the former, and I valued my sanity in regard to the latter.
However, I still haven't managed to calm down and I still found myself wanting to know why she left me. I knew it shouldn't still bother me all these years later, but it did. I had loved that fucking girl with everything in me. I had loved her beyond reason, and she had walked away from me without any thought to what that rejection was going to do to me.
And it had done a lot.
While my father might have damaged me, Mystic had broken me.
She had managed to do the one thing that I had been fighting against ever since I first caught my father being a sonofabitch. Mystic had given me everything I had needed to cope, and then she had taken it all away. And now all I could think of was doing the same thing to her.
I wanted to hurt her.
God, how I wanted to hurt her.
I wanted her to suffer in her own misery like I'd had to.
Fuckin, like I still was.
With that decision made, I called Lorcan. Sure, it was late but Lorcan hardly ever slept. He was like me in that work ruled his world.
"How much?" he asked in lieu of a greeting.
"How much, what?"
"Is your bail," he clarified.
Dick.
"I'm not in jail, asshole," I replied. "I'm slightly drunk but that's about it."
"Jesus, Gage," he breathed out, and I knew I should be concerned.
See, Lorcan Cavanaugh was a ruthless sonofabitch, which was probably why he was my best friend. Early on, I had learned that while I may be a prick, Lorcan was dead inside. If he had a heart, only a precious few have witnessed it beating. Me being one of those precious few.
So, if he was concerned for me, then that must mean I was really falling off the realm of reality and nothing good could come from that.
"What?" I snapped, knowing I wasn't going to like whatever it was he was about to tell me.
"I don't know," he murmured. "I guess, even though I knew the story, I hadn't really realized the damage that woman did you to. Seeing you almost throw away everything you've broken your back to achieve was?unexpected." Okay. So, he was still in shock. I got it. "And now you're calling me drunk and you and I both know you never, ever get drunk."
He was right. If I drank, it was for socializing purposes, but I never indulged beyond that. My demons were hard enough to control as it was, I didn't need anything loosening the tight hold I had on them. Though, apparently, that was all going to come to an end now because I had to know.
I had to.
"You care. Got it," I said dryly, because Lorcan and I didn't do emotions. I'd take a bullet for the man, but you'd never see me hugging him.
"I'm hanging up now," he threatened.
"Don't," I hurried. "I have a favor to ask."
"Jesus Christ," he muttered. "What is it, Gage? And how many years in jail am I going to have to serve for it?"
"Not many," I told him honestly. "You got great lawyers."
"You're a bastard," he simply said. "What is it?"
"I need Mystic's address."
"Fuck me, Gage-"
"You're not my type."
"-you can't be serious?"
"I am," I assured him.
"First of all, why don't you just look it up your damn self? And second, you get a lot more than 'not many' years in prison for accessory to murder, asshole."
"To answer your first question, I don't want her last known address," I replied. "I want her true and real address, which is on her employee file. As for your second concern, I'm not planning on killing her, Lorcan. I just want to talk to her."
He laughed.
Dark and unbelieving.
"Bullshit," he called through the phone. "You forget, Gage, that I saw you in that conference room with her. You looked like a man possessed. And while I may be a sonofabitch, I'm not looking to see anyone get hurt."
"Because, after everything you know, you think I'd hurt her beyond what she can take?" While Lorcan didn't know the details, he knew enough to know our relationship hadn't been normal.
"I wasn't talking about her, Gage," he said, surprising me.
Maybe it was the liquor, the emotional punch of seeing Mystic again after all these years, or the unwelcomed trip down memory lane, but I honestly didn't think Mystic could hurt me anymore than she already had when she walked away from me ten years ago. At this point, I just wanted to know why she walked. Then, maybe, I could move the fuck on.
"I just want to know why, Lorcan," I told him. "There's really nothing left for her to damage further." It was the truth. Mystic had ruined me in a way I wouldn't wish on anyone. "I'm tired of living with that one unanswered question. I finally have the chance to put it to rest."
"Fine," he relented. "But I want to go on the record as saying that I think this is a bad idea."
"Duly noted."
"Also, you didn't get her address from me."
I rolled my eyes, even though he couldn't see me. "That goes without say, asshole."
"Motherfucker," he muttered before hanging up on me.
I wasn't stupid. I knew this was a bad idea, but I had to fucking know. Even if I never set eyes on Mystic again after tonight, I still needed to know.
My phone pinged and I looked down to see Lorcan's text. It had Mystic's address, phone number, and marital status.
Jackass.
I didn't need that last piece of information. I had noticed no ring on her finger when I had seen her at CI. It was one of the first things I had noticed when my eyes had scanned the vision that's haunted me for ten fucking years.
But even if she had been married, I wasn't sure that would stop me from doing what I was about to do. She could have been married with two children, a pet, and PTA meetings scheduled into 2030 and it wouldn't have mattered. No one would or could ever know Mystic the way I did.
The proof was in her eyes when I had wrapped her hair in my fist earlier.
Mystic was just as sick and twisted as she always was.
Unfortunately for her, so was I.
Chapter 25
Mystic~
My mind and body were still on autopilot as I sat in my living room still trying to figure out if this was my reality or if I was caught up in a horrible nightmare.
That nightmare being a pissed off Gage Evans.
In all honesty, I had hoped to never see Gage Evans ever again. Even though I was the one who had left, it hadn't been over for us. I'd had every intention of running away with him. I just never imagined it'd only take him two weeks to write me off, and I carried that pain heavily.
I had lost everything that had been important to me, but I wasn't going to suffer through it if I had Gage with me. When I had realized I didn't have Gage anymore, well, that pain had manifested itself into the empty woman I was today. If not for Rowan, I wouldn't have any life outside work.
Ugh.
Work.
I wish I could say that this project was my biggest worry, but it wasn't. When I should be stressing that my boss caught me breaking policy, I wasn't. When I should be worried about retaliation from Reagan, after learning that my boss had demoted Reagan into my lowly cubicle space and had promoted me into her private office, I wasn't.
The only thing that was taking up space in my head what that one, pivotal moment when Gage had put his hands on me, and I had been ready to surrender. I never denied I still had those sick, sexual urges, but I thought they were safely tucked away since there was no longer a Gage in my life, and it wasn't likely that I'd ever find another one.
But that was no more.
Gage was back.
Gage was back in my life and that thought was scary as hell.
Of course, I could be jumping the gun. He was a CEO. He didn't work on mundane projects. He had a million people under him to take on those types of tasks. I was fairly certain that even if he did hate me and want to torture me, I couldn't see him having extra time to dedicate to making my life miserable.
The knock on the door to my apartment snapped me out of my dark thoughts. Since I didn't have much of a life, the person at the door could only be Rowan or some poor lost sucker as no one else would bother visiting me. Besides, she was due for a visit since she was back from her work trip.
After learning that Gage had expunged me from his life, I had taken my anger out on my family and nursed my heartbreak using school. I had thrown myself into my studies until nothing mattered but the perfect scores and grades. I studied myself into exhaustion where Gage could only make an appearance in my nightmares.
As for my family, I had distanced myself from them when it had been made clear that they hadn't been interested in hearing my side of the story. Gage Evans was bad news, and nothing could convince them otherwise. I had finally stopped talking to them altogether after my first year of college, except for my brother. My aunt had made no judgements and had helped me through everything I had gone through, but even then, my bond with her wasn't as strong as one would think. She did her 'duty' by me and I made sure she hadn't regretted it.
As for Alaric, during my sophomore year in college, he had hunted me down and had forced me to sit and talk with him. It was more than the rest of my self-righteous family had attempted, and so I had spent an entire night telling him everything. No details, but enough that I was sure he'd disown me.
But he hadn't.
Instead, he had listened and had accepted me without even really understanding why I was the way I was. I'll also never forget the words that helped soothe my heartbreak.

"I don't condone violence towards women, Mystic. However, being a man, I can understand being so enraptured by a woman that you can lose your sense of self. I've never harmed a woman," he had clarified. "But there have been times in my life where I wanted a woman so badly, I thought about ditching the condom, even though I knew I shouldn't. I know it doesn't compare but let's just say, I don't hate the guy fully."

We never spoke of my unhealthy relationship with Gage after that. Alaric just checked on me and made sure I was always in a good, healthy place. It's been over eight years, but I haven't spoken to my parents or sister in all that time. My parents had acted like Gage was a monster and Destiny had treated me like a girl too stupid and weak to see the signs of abuse.
Did I regret the rift with my family? No.
Did I regret leaving Gage? Every damn day.
I was already reaching for the doorknob when the second knock bounced off the door. When I swung the door open, shock paralyzed me when I saw Gage standing in all his six-foot-two masculine glory.
A furious-looking glory, but glorious, nonetheless.
"Gage?" Not saying a word, he muscled past me and walked into my apartment just as sweet as you please. I stood like a stuck mannequin with the door held open as I watched him take in my apartment.
My apartment wasn't much but it was enough. It was affordable and worked for me. The furniture was a mix of this and that, which I had been able to afford when I had gotten out of college and had started out at Marksman, and over the years, I never bothered to upgrade. It wasn't as if I entertained much.
As for the apartment itself, it was a basic two-bedroom, one bath, living room and kitchenette that could be found all over Chicago. However, it was a safe neighborhood and had been within walking distance of Marksman had it been necessary to walk. I mostly took cabs, but I wasn't allergic to walking. Granted, Cavanaugh Industries wasn't within walking distance, but I wasn't even sure if that mattered anymore. I wasn't sure how much longer I was going to have my job. And all thanks to the raging male currently standing in my living room.
"Gage?" I repeated.
He turned to face me, and I cursed the Heavens for blessing this man with the face and body he had. The dark brown hair and startling blue eyes had always been a combination that rendered me stupid.
"Shut the door," he commanded.
I snapped out of my haze realizing that I did, indeed, still have the doorknob in my hand, holding the door wide open. The hairs on the back of neck warned me not to shut the door but the rest of my body was begging me to. And I was officially super fucked in the head because I shut the door.
"What are you doing here?" Then a thought occurred to me. "How did you know where I lived?"
His eyes raked over my person and I knew he couldn't be too impressed with what he saw. It was late evening on a Monday after a jacked-up day. It was safe to say that I wasn't looking my best. Besides, my pajama pants and blue ribbed tank top was not meant to be seen by anyone other than Rowan.
When Gage's blue gaze locked on my brown one, he ignored both my question and stalked towards me like a man possessed. My back was pressed against the front door as he leaned down and asked, "Why?"
My body began to tremble at the sheer nearness of him, but my heart started thumping a rough, painful tattoo in my chest at his question.
I knew what he was asking.
Ten years later, he was finally asking for an explanation. An explanation I would have gladly given him ten years ago had he not disappeared on me.
A part of me wanted to hold on to that anger and resentment, but if I had any chance of moving on from this destructive man who had been a damaged boy, I needed to give my explanation just as badly as he needed to hear it.
Would he forgive me?
Would he laugh at me?
Would he still hate me?
It didn't matter.
Nothing else matter but this moment.
This fork in the road was going to send me going off into one direction or the other. One that had Gage in it or the other that didn't.
He leaned in closer. "Why in the fuck did you leave me, Mystic?"
Chapter 26
Gage~
As much as I wanted to hear her reasons, a part of me feared they wouldn't be good enough to keep me from killing her.
Yeah, I told Lorcan I wasn't going to kill her, but standing in her apartment, facing her, angry and damaged as I was, I wasn't too sure anymore.
Her big, brown doe eyes were filled with sadness and regret, but I wasn't going to let that affect me. I didn't want her regret. I wanted her pain.
"Gage-"
"Tell me!" I roared in her face.
Her eyes started to water and that just pissed me off more. "Mm?my?my parents found out, Gage."
Of all the things I expected to hear, that wasn't it. "Bullshit," I snapped.
"It's the truth," she cried. "It's the truth."
I stepped away from her because I was holding on by a thread and I wanted to hear it all before I finally killed her. "How?" I asked. "How in the fuck would your parents find out, Mystic."
She let out a deep, shuttering breath. "The?the day I? uh, left, I was called into Mrs. Berny's office. I?I thought she was calling me in to discuss graduation since I still hadn't given her a plan of action yet." I hated how her voice sounded like the truth, but it wasn't like I could prove or disprove her story when it was all said and done anyway. No one else was here to back up her claim. "When I got there?" A tear escaped and I hated that it bothered me. "?Mrs. Lemas, Mr. Grant, and my parents were in her office with her." Mystic's hand reached up as if she wanted to touch me, but she quickly dropped it back down to her side, but not before wiping the tear away. "Apparently, since we had to dress out for P.E., Mrs. Lemas began to notice my bruises. She took her concerns to Mrs. Berny."
That didn't make sense. It was Mystic's word against a gym teacher's suspicions. I shook my head. "So what?" I argued. "She saw some bruising. That could have meant anything."
Mystic nodded in agreement. "You're right. It could have. Except, instead of calling me in to ask me about it, they had called in Margot and talked to her first."
I didn't think it was possible for me to feel any more hate for that girl than I already had when she had refused to tell me where Mystic had run off to, but I was wrong. "And?"
Mystic closed her eyes, defeat emanating from every pore. When she opened them, they no longer looked sad and regretful. They looked empty. "She told them everything, Gage," she said, her voice matter of fact. "She told them we had an?abnormally aggressive relationship."
I almost snorted. What we'd had was sick, twisted, violent, and soul consuming. It had not been 'abnormally aggressive'.
It had been brutal.
"Margot told them I was beating you," I surmised, wishing I could find her and wring her fucking neck. I knew Margot had a jealous streak in her back then. One Mystic had refused to see because Margot had been her only friend, but it had been there. I'd seen it every time I had refused to share Mystic with the world around us. Hell, everyone had known what Mystic had meant to me.
What she still fucking did if I wanted to be honest with myself.
Mystic nodded. "Yes, she did."
"And what did you say?"
Her entire body slumped against the door. It was as if she's waited ten years to get her side of the story out and it was exhausting the fuck out of her. "I told them the truth," she replied. "I told them that you were not beating me. I told them we were a couple and that you didn't do anything to me that I didn't want. I told them they didn't understand and that it was none of their business." She shook her head. "I was already eighteen by then, so they couldn't do anything about our relationship."
So, what fucking changed?
I stepped to her and caged her in with my hands planted on the door on either side of her head. "And?"
Her chocolate orbs searched mine, and in that moment, I wished I could kill her. I wished I could erase her off the face of the earth because I was fairly certain she was going to take what was left of my sanity with her when we were done with this conversation.
I'd always been weak when it came to Mystic Anderson and that was proving to be just as true today as it had been ten years ago.
"My father threatened to have you arrested and sent to prison for abuse and statutory rape," she confessed. "Mr. Grant added that he'd ruin any chance you had to go to college and make a future for yourself."
I reared back, rage making my body vibrate. "Statutory rape?" I seethed. "What the fuck?"
"Margot told them we'd been having sex since we were fifteen and my father had done his homework with that little bit of information. He knew you had turned eighteen four months before I had."
"So," I bit out, enraged at finding out how our relationship had been attacked from all sides. "They couldn't have proven that we had sex during those four months."
Mystic shook her head. "Gage, I?I hadn't thought about that," she admitted. "I had been blindsided and?there was no way I was going to let you get arrested for abuse or rape."
I was livid.
I was fucking livid, and unfortunately for Mystic, she was the only person here that I could take it out on. "So, you just left?!" I yelled. "You didn't trust me enough to tell me what the fuck they were doing?!"
The blank look in her eyes vanished. It was quickly replaced with her own brand of rage. "Trust you?" she screeched, her hands curled up into fists at her sides. "Are you kidding me?"
I could feel my eye twitch with the need to put my hands on his woman. "You trusted me to wrap my hands around your neck and not kill you while I fucked the shit out of you, but you didn't trust me with that?"
Her face flushed but I wasn't entirely sure it was all from anger. "Two weeks, Gage!" she yelled at me. "Two measly weeks!"
"What the fuck are you talking about?"
"I was shipped off to my aunt's ranch in Montana that very night, Gage," she replied, filling in the blanks of the last ten years. "No phone, no anything. I was so terrified of you being sent to prison that I went. But I hadn't given up on you, you sorry sonofabitch!" We were facing off like two raging bulls, the poison of the past bubbling over. "It was two weeks before I was able to sneak onto my aunt's computer to try to contact you. I had some silly, delusional fantasy that I'd tell you what happened, and you'd come for me. I had already made these half-ass plans of what we'd need to run away together." She was lying. She had to be lying. "But you want to know what happened when I logged onto her computer? I discovered that it only took you two goddamn weeks to erase me from your life. I had been blocked from every one of your social media accounts. I had been blocked from your life!" Her words were cutting deep beneath the surface of all my anger. If she was telling the truth, then she's not the one who walked away.
I was.
"What the fuck did you expect me to do, Mystic?" I snapped. "From my end, you just up and fucking left. Your dad even handed me the goodbye letter you wrote."
I realized her anger and pain were every bit as deep as mine when she yelled, "What did I expect?! I expected you to keep your word! I expected you to never stop coming for me! I expected you to prove all that shit you spewed when we were together. All that shit about how you would never let me go! But you did! You gave up after a whole whopping two weeks, Gage!" Her entire body was shaking. Her chest was heaving, and her face was red with hate. "I left because I was scared. But more importantly, I left because I refused to be the reason your life was ruined. And you let me go because you're nothing but a liar!"
I was on her before my mind could fully process what I was doing. I had her slammed up against the wall, my fingers digging into the flesh of her arms. The thud of her body hitting the door could be heard throughout the apartment.
I knew my mind wasn't right. I knew in this moment that I was a danger to myself and anyone dumb enough to get in my way, but I didn't care. I was damaged enough not to fucking care. However, if Mystic was telling the truth?
"I never lied to you," I raged through clenched teeth. "Never."
Her eyes were watering, but those were tears of pure, unadulterated rage. "Did you, or did you not, look for me beyond those two weeks, Gage?"
We both knew the answer to that question.
We both knew the truth.
And it was a truth that was going to change everything.
Chapter 27
Mystic~
I was angry.
I was angry and hurt.
I may have hurt him but he's the one who had let me go.
He had let me down and I've been suffering for it for ten goddamn years.
The horrible part about it all? With his hands digging painfully into my arms, I didn't care about how much I had hurt him or how much he had ruined me. Just like in the conference room at CI, I was catapulted back to that fateful day in the park restroom.
The day that the boy I feared had taken what he wanted from me and I had fallen in love with him for it. The day where fear and desire had warred with one another to create a bond forged in vehement fire. Violence had become my religion, and Gage was the temple where I had worshipped.
And staring up at this beautiful, broken, enraged man, I was ready to drop to my knees and rediscover my lost faith. His hands were going to leave bruises and my core soaked my underwear with the knowledge.
This was the hell that embroiled drug addicts, alcoholics, and gamblers. The struggle of knowing something was wrong and unhealthy but being too weak and powerless to walk away from it. Because even though I'd been the one to leave all those years ago, Gage was the one who had ended us.
"What was I supposed to do?" he asked, regret lacing each word. "You vanished, Mystic. You vanished and everyone close to you told me you left by choice."
This bastard.
"Since when had you ever given me a choice, Gage," I tossed back. "That afternoon in the park restroom? Any time after that? The night of Margot's birthday party? All of a sudden, you believed I was making choices without you." I got in his face because I was done carrying this burden. "You walked away from us. Not me."
His hands tightened around my arms and he shook me a bit. "If I'm the one who walked away, then why haven't I been able to go a day without thinking of you?" he barked. "If I'm the one who ended us, why can't I fuck another woman without imagining your face on her body?"
That stung.
I knew Gage was too much of an alpha male to go ten years without sleeping with another woman, but I didn't want to hear about it. Granted, I hadn't kept my legs closed these past ten years, but this was all about perception. He had blocked me from his life.
He had.
So, while the sex had been unfulfilling, I still never felt guilty over it. Sure, I had felt guilty that I couldn't enjoy as much as I had led my partner to believe, but I never felt guilty for trying to move on, even if I knew it would be near to impossible. My celibacy now was out of unfulfillment, not because of Gage Evans.
And because I didn't want to be the only one dancing on the edges of this hell alone, I got petty and vindictive. "Trust me when I tell you that you are the one who ended it. If you hadn't, I would never have been able to move on and get underneath the next guy."
Gage's hand snaked out and circled my neck and squeezed. Did I think he was capable of strangling me to death? Yes. Did I think he would? I wasn't sure. Was I scared that he would? No. Was I losing my mind, as well as this argument? Yes.
Yes, I was.
His face was a magnificent picture of masculine rage as he seethed, "You dare mention the men you've slept with to me?"
"Because you think I'd want to hear about the women you've slept with?" I fired back. "You gave me up!" I screamed. "You gave me to them!"
Gage's other hand crawled up in my hair, tangling it a painful grip, before his mouth slammed down on mine. It wasn't tender or particularly loving.
It was violence unleashed.
I cried out when his teeth sank into my bottom lip and copper flooded my mouth. I couldn't speak for the past ten years, but the Gage I had known in high school had always been a biter. He loved leaving his mark and he had made them with his teeth often. If his hands hadn't been bruising my flesh, his teeth had been tearing into it.
When he pulled back, his lips were painted red, and his snarl was feral. "You ever mention another man to me again and I will fucking destroy you," he threatened. Little did he know, it was an empty threat. He already destroyed me ten years ago.
"Then don't throw the other women you've fucked in my face," I countered, not caring that it made me sound like a jealous harpy, because I was jealous. Gage was never supposed to have known another woman just like I was never to have known another man. We were supposed to have been each other's one and only.
I hated that we weren't.
"Oh, baby," he cooed evilly. "The only woman I have ever fucked was you."
"Gage-"
"They were warm bodies, but it was your face I saw every damn time," he continued. "I couldn't get my dick hard unless I imagined they were you. But because I knew they weren't, I could only take those experiences so far. No one has ever replaced you and I know now that no one ever will."
We had just demanded denial from one another, but we were doing just the opposite. "I fucked them hoping I'd find another you," I told him honestly. "But I still haven't."
His fist tightened in my hair. "Right here, right now, Mystic. In this moment, only, will you ever have a choice with me. Make it," he demanded.
Did that mean he believed me? Did that mean he forgave what he had believed had been my transgressions against him? More importantly, could I do this and not fall down the dark, dangerous rabbit hole that was Gage Evans? Could I walk away a second time? Would I let him walk away?
I stared into his dark blue eyes and saw everything that was wrong with him. I also saw everything that was wrong with me reflected in them.
My body screamed for him. It screamed for everything I knew he was capable of giving me. It screamed for fucking release. It screamed for the anticipation of the man he was now versus the boy he had been. I knew what a teenage Gage could do, I had no idea what a grownup Gage could unleash.
My mind was telling me I was a fool. It was telling me sex was not the answer. It was telling me I needed to distance myself from the situation and give both me and Gage time to absorb the truth of our past finally coming out. It told me all wasn't forgiven and there was a bigger fallout from all of this.
It told me to fucking run.
My heart, though?my heart was telling me I was exactly where I should have been all along. I was in Gage's sadistic embrace and there was nowhere else I should be.
Nowhere else I belonged.
Everything inside of me was at war and I didn't know what the right choice was. I felt the answers yes and no were both equally damning.
The internal battle was real. But at the end of it all, there was one solid truth. In ten years, I've yet to meet a man who's made me feel even an ounce of what Gage Evans makes me feel. All these years without him, and my feelings for him still feel like a tornado that was never meant to be controlled.
"Mystic?"
That one word.
My name.
My name said in a way that sounded like a prayer and a curse was all I needed to make the second worse decision of my life. The first being the decision to walk through the park that day, because in the end, loving Gage had ruined me. Loving him now was sure to end me.
"One night," I insisted.
Gage's laugh was hollow and dark. "Forever," he negotiated.
"No, Gage-"
"Forever," he snarled, and then he took my choice and made it his own.
Chapter 28
Gage~
One night would never be enough. I had ten years to make up for and the rest of her life was mine, whether she realized it or not.
I was done giving her a choice, though. The simple fact that she was willing to give me one night instead of a flat out no told me everything I needed to know.
My Mystic was still in there.
My Mystic.
I let go of her neck and leaned into her. I let my tongue run the length of her face, leaving a faint trail of blood in its wake, and whispered in her ear, "Get on your knees, Mystic." She moaned and it was the sweetest sound ever. "Get on your knees and suck my dick, baby. It's been too long. Let me fuck that pretty face of yours."
I didn't wait for her to comply. Using the chocolate strands of leverage that I had wrapped around my fist I pushed Mystic to her knees, and I swear, the sight almost had me cumming in my pants.
The past ten years vanished into a meaningless vacuum where they no longer existed for me. This, right here, was the only thing that mattered. Mystic surrendering herself over to me once again was the only thing that existed for me. I had planned on coming over for answers, but now I wasn't leaving without anything short of everything she had to give.
Mystic whimpered when I rubbed my groin against her cheek and the memories opened like lust-fueled floodgates. Every dark craving that she has ever had slammed into my mind and nothing was going to stop me from reminding her of all the reasons she let me take her in that park restroom.
"Take my dick out and suck it," I commanded. "Swallow my cock, baby."
Mystic's hands tore at my belt and the button and zipper of my slack. I hadn't bothered changing from my office attire when I had decided to go home and drink like a lush. When I had arrived at Mystic's, the only thing missing had been my suit jacket.
The second her delicate hand wrapped around my dick, I let out a painful hiss. Painful because the sensation of being wrapped up in Mystic again was almost too much to take. And if I knew Mystic, which I still did, no matter how much time has passed, I knew her mouth was salivating with want. She used to love being choked by my cock and I knew this time would be no different.
Her hot, wet mouth wrapped around the head of my dick and I almost lost it. I threw my head back and prayed to the Heavens that I'd last longer than a twelve-year-old with his first hard-on. "Baby," I hissed.
Mystic was all dirty moans and vibrations dancing across my dick. She placed her palms up against my thighs giving me permission to fuck her luscious mouth. I also knew by the fifth thrust into her mouth, her throat would be relaxed enough for me to cram my nine inches of hard cock down her face. I was a grown man now, not a teenage boy.
I buried both my hands in her dark locks and started making up for the past ten years of neglect. She gagged and I could feel her saliva dripping down my shaft, but I didn't stop fucking her mouth, and she didn't stop me from fucking her mouth.
Her lips held me in a firm hold and I was embarrassingly ready to shoot my load down her throat. "I'm going to cum, Mystic," I warned her after a few minutes. "I'm going to cum and you're going to drink every last fucking drop." Her mouth tightened and she looked like she was fucking praying for it. "Every last drop, baby."
Embarrassingly fast, the eruption shot out before I even had a chance to appreciate the beginning signs of my orgasm. Once minute I was warning her, and the next I was shooting my load down her throat. "Mystic."
I stared down at her as she gobbled up my fucking cock. She wasn't just licking my shaft clean. No. Mystic was devouring my dick like she was never going to have another taste of it ever again.
Once my cock started deflating, I yanked Mystic up by her hair and consumed those soft, pink lips of hers. It didn't matter that she'd just swallowed my cum. Mystic and I never had boundaries when we were young, we sure as fuck weren't going to have them now.
I broke off the kiss and she looked beautiful with her face flushed and her lips bloody and swollen. "I'm going to leave you a broken, bloody mess, Mystic," I promised, and with that, I untangled my hands from her hair and ripped her flimsy tank top off her body. Mystic hadn't been wearing a bra, and so her tits bounced free as the tank top fell into shreds around her.
My arm wrapped around her waist and I bent, so that I could take her tit in my mouth. My free hand reached up and I filled it with as much as her tit as I could. When my mouth wrapped around the hardened nub, I bit down so hard, Mystic let out a blood-curling scream.
I had her up against the door again, one arm wrapped around her body and my other hand clamped down over her mouth. Neither of us could afford someone calling the cops. "Did that hurt?" I knew it did, but I also knew she was dripping because of it. I looked down and her nipple was bleeding a bit, but nothing too bad. Nothing compared to what she had endured when we were together.
I leaned my head down and lapped at her tender nipple with my tongue. Mystic whimpered at the contact and I took my hand off her mouth. I didn't want her screaming the house down, but I loved hearing her moans and pleas for mercy.
"Gage?" she moaned helplessly.
I wanted nothing more than to ram my dick up into her body, but my mouth was watering with the need to taste her pussy. Mystic had always been the most delicious thing I've ever tasted, and I bet she still was.
"Where's your bedroom, baby?" She pointed towards the shallow hallway, the door on the left. "Go in there, and so help me God, you better be naked on the bed with your legs spread wide for me, Mystic." I told her. "I want to walk in there and see your pussy dripping for me."
I watched her walk towards her bedroom, and I followed. Every piece of clothing she discarded on the walk to the bedroom was joined with one of mine. Granted, the only things left on her were her pajama pants and panties, but my goal was for us to both completely naked by the time I joined her in bed.
Mystic crawled onto the bed, giving me an unobstructed view of her ass, and I watched as she complied with my demands. She laid down over her unmade bed and let her knees drop to the side, displaying the only pussy in the world that has ever made me lose my goddamn mind. And it looked just like I remembered; just like I had fantasized. It was pink, tight, and wet as fuck.
Once I was done shedding every piece of clothing I had on, I crawled onto the bed after her. I didn't make it past her pussy before I was already trapping her thighs to the bed and my tongue was running through the wet, sticky folds of her precious cunt.
Her body bowed. "Gage?" she moaned, and I knew I would be doing this every morning or night for the rest of our lives. She was right. I had let her go without much of a fight before because I hadn't been able to see past her supposed betrayal, but now?now, knowing what it was like to live without her, there was no way I was letting Mystic walk away from me a second time.
No fucking way.
Her hands tangled in my hair and it was as if the last ten years disappeared. "Gage?I need more," she begged. She was always begging, and I was always complying.
Propping myself up on my elbows, I released her thighs and parted her pretty pussy lips with my fingers, so I could see everything. I licked and nibbled at that little nub, but I knew it still wouldn't be enough.
Mystic didn't need soft and sweet.
"Gage, please?"
I stuck three fingers into her pussy and watched as her juices coated my fingers and dripped down my arm. It's been too fucking long, and Mystic's body was telling me exactly that. When I was satisfied that my fingers were lubricated enough, I placed my mouth on her clit and started finger fucking both her pussy and tight, little ass as the same time.
No work up. No warning. No nothing.
The touch of my tongue and the feel of my fingers double penetrating her was all it took for Mystic to scream my name and cum all over my face. Her cream tasted just like I remembered, and I planned on tasting it all night long. I didn't pull my fingers from her body until her trembling eased, but I was far from done with her.
I wiped my face on the inside of her thigh before crawling up her body. Her eyes were closed, and she looked ready to pass out, but I wasn't going to let that happen.
I leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Now it's my turn again."
Chapter 29
Mystic~
It was like the ten years apart had ceased to exist. My body knew it was Gage touching me. It remembered his touch, taste, scent?everything. We were picking up exactly where we had left off, but it still didn't feel like enough.
It felt like it would never be enough.
Gage's large body covered mine and blazing blue eyes locked onto mine the second I opened my eyes. My body was weak from the orgasm he just gave me, but I was ready for more. I was ready and eager for the rest of it.
The rest of Gage Evans.
"Your pussy tastes exactly the same, Mystic," he murmured against my lips. Gage had always talked dirty to me when we had sex, but teenage hormones had gotten in the way of the meaning of the words. They had also gotten in the way of foreplay. As a teenager, everything Gage had done to me was new and exciting. As an adult, everything he just did wasn't new, but it sure as hell was appreciated. As a teenager I hadn't overly care if I came, even though I always did. As an adult, I cared. I cared very much.
"What now?" I challenged. I didn't want this tamed version of Gage. I wanted the Gage from the park restroom.
The darkness in his eyes danced at my challenge. "Now I fuck every hole you have until you can't take my dick anymore, Mystic," he promised. "I'm going to fuck you like I paid for you."
My entire body shivered and when my mind tried to intrude and remind me that this wasn't normal or healthy, I shut my conscience down and let my body rule everything else.
My voice was desperate need when I said, "Do your worst."
His lip curled and I knew he was going to do just that. Gage always had permission to use me indiscriminately, but this was something entirely different.
We weren't children anymore.
He braced his weight on one arm, slapped his large hand over my mouth, and leaning down he took a chunk of my breast into his mouth and bit me until I felt the skin tear. I screamed in his hand, but when he started sucking at my flesh my scream turned into a moan.
This was what got me off.
Gage needing me so badly that he'd eat me alive and not leave anything left was what got me off. I loved him out of control. It was disturbingly erotic.
His lips were bloody, and he looked like a goddamn animal when he said, "I'm going to leave these marks all over you, Mystic. I'm going to mark you, so you never forget who you belong to ever again." Before I could respond, Gage slammed his entire length inside my body.
He ignored my muffled screams, and hooking my left knee over his elbow, he spread me wider and rammed into my body over, and over again. He wasn't giving me any time to adjust to his invasion. And it wasn't until the wet sound of his cock in my pussy vibrated throughout the room that I realized he hadn't put on a condom.
I started thrashing about and it wasn't from the sick pleasure he was inflicting. I was on birth control, but as heartbreaking as it was to think about, we've both been with other people. I had no idea what Gage's sexual safety practices were and if he just thrust inside me with no thought to protection, I had to wonder if he's done it before. I haven't slept with many men, but every man I had slept with had worn a condom and I was always checked for STD's during my annual physical exams, regardless of my current drought.
I kept thrashing about, but Gage wasn't letting up. The more I fought, the harder he fucked me. It wasn't until I managed to sink my teeth into his palm that he pulled his hand back, and all that did was further turn him on.
"Do your worst, Mystic," he grunted, repeating my words back to me.
"Gage?condom," I panted. "We?need?a condom."
Anger crept into his blue eyes, and before I knew it, he had me flipped over, his imposing frame covering my entire back. He was buried deep inside me, the tip of his cock pushing on my cervix, making his invasion painful as hell, as he growled, "The fuck I'm putting a condom on."
"Gage!"
He inched forward, pressing painfully. "You're out of your mind if you think I'm wearing a condom with you." His weight lifted, but before I could fight for freedom, Gage wrapped his hand around the back of my neck, and with all his weight, he anchored me to the bed. There was no way I was going to be able to buck him off. He went back to fucking me and I was both equally scared and turned on.
His thrusts became brutal, and I knew he was in the zone where he could no longer consider me, but I had to try. "Gage?it's not?safe!"
He ignored me like I knew he would, and the next thing I knew he was yanking me up, crushing my back to his chest. His hand came around the front and now it was the front of my neck he was holding prisoner. Gage leaned down and bit my shoulder and my body shuttered of its own accord. The orgasm swept through my body, not surprising me one bit.
I lived for Gage's brutality.
Gage pushed me back down on the bed before my orgasm had subsided, and when he pulled out of my body, I knew what was next. We hadn't done it often when we were kids because our time and opportunities to be together had been few and far between, so Gage always went straight to the sex. On rare occasions, we'd engage in foreplay, but the night of Margot's birthday party had been the one and only time we'd had an entire night together. It was the first and only time he had taken his time to explore every inch of my skin, shocking me further with the things the boy had been compelled to do to me.
"Since you're so fucking worried about pregnancy?" he snarled, not realizing pregnancy was the furthest thing from my mind.
Luckily, my body was relaxed enough from the ebbing sensations of my orgasm or else Gage would have ripped me open. Sadly, not that either of us were opposed to that. I felt the head of his cock push against the puckered resistance of my body and my moan was two parts pleasure and burning pain as he forced the head through and didn't stop to give me a chance to get accustomed to his overwhelming size.
He fell back into the rhythm of pumping in and out of my body, and every thrust was proof that the man was still pissed about everything that had to do with me. "I'll just cum in your ass, Mystic. No worries," he taunted, and it was the first time he's ever been mean to me while we had sex.
Gage had always had a filthy mouth, but he had never spoken to me disrespectfully. He had left me bruised and battered but because it was what we both had wanted. His dismissive tone irked me, which was stupid, considering the things the man had done to my body. A lot more should have offended me aside that crappy little sentence.
Pleasure started taking place of the discomfort and I pushed back. I never told him, but this was one of the most favorite things I enjoyed when Gage and I were together. Maybe because we couldn't engage in it often, or perhaps because it was taboo and forbidden, but I had loved how he had every part of me.
I found I still did.
I started moaning and Gage's anger shifted. "God, baby, your ass is so fucking tight wrapped around my cock," he groaned, and I hated how I knew this was going to end badly.
I suspected Gage had ruined me for all other men when I was eighteen, but now with him holding my ass cheeks in his hands, spreading them for his viewing pleasure as he plowed into my ass over and over, I knew for a fact I was ruined for anyone cursed enough to come into my life in the future.
"Harder," I begged, giving myself over to the uncontrollable pleasure.
"Hang on, baby. This is going to hurt."
And it did.
I was painfully aware that Gage has grown in more ways than one since we were kids. Gage slammed into my body, bottoming out each time, tearing at me and loving me at the same time. The screams became so loud, Gage had to shove my face into the pillows to keep the police from knocking on my door, and still he didn't let up.
We didn't let up.
Even after he roared out his orgasm and came inside me, he hadn't stopped. His dick had deflated, but his mouth and fingers worked just fine. The night ended up being too long, too painful, and too exhausting.
By the time he called it quits, my body had been used and degraded in ways that more than made up for the ten-year absence. There wasn't a spot on my body that hadn't been marked by his cum, his hands, his teeth, or our mutual disregard for bloodshed.
I ended up a mess.
But then so did he.
Chapter 30
Gage~
I was pacing my office like a caged lion, salivating at the mouth to escape.
Last night had been everything the past ten fucking years should have been. After Mystic had explained her concern for safety, I had made it clear to her that I've never fucked a woman without a condom-save her-ever. I had annual wellness checks, and short of not having a soul, I was healthy. And as much as I hated to address it, she had clarified that she had also practiced safe sex in the past. After that, she'd had no more objections, and nothing had been off limits. Granted, nothing ever was in the first place where we were concerned, but she had been more receptive after the talk.
Mystic had also assured me that she was on birth control, but I hadn't cared about that. I'd love to knock her the fuck up, so she'd be tied to me forever. At this point, I didn't care if it was by choice or not. I knew there was no way I was ever going to let Mystic go again.
We'd only slept for a handful of hours, but she had been adamant about kicking me out this morning, so she could go to work. I had begun to argue but she killed my argument when she pointed out that Lorcan already had a horrible opinion of her, both personal and professional. She didn't need to give him more of a reason to think she was a horrible person by having to explain that she was calling in sick to work because she had been fucked all night long by his best friend.
She had a point.
She had a point, so I had relented, letting her know that we still had a lot more to talk about and I'd be at her house this evening after work. This thing between us was just beginning and a lot of shit was going to reevaluated.
Speaking of?
I walked over to my desk and called one of my project finance managers.
"Hello?" Marlon Daphne was one of my top department managers and he's been with Stymic a lot of years. I trusted him to do his job and do it well.
"Marlon, I need you to appoint someone to work with Cavanaugh Industries on Lawrence Darwin's battery project."
"I thought you had doubts about that picking up that project?"
"I did," I replied. "I still do. But Cavanaugh Industries was mentioned in the potential architectural phase of the project, so I'm looking into it. I want someone who knows their shit to team up with a representative at CI. Once their project presentation is completed, both SFH and CI will decide whether to move forward or reject the proposal."
"No problem. Who is the contact at CI?"
The caveman in me wanted to tell him my girlfriend, Mystic Anderson, but I knew I couldn't. I needed the best we had to not treat her with kid gloves but as an equal. The Darwin Project could cost me and Lorcan millions if we invested in it and it wasn't feasible. Both Mystic and whoever Marlon assigned to the project needed to bring their A-game.
So, instead, I went with simply her name. "Mystic Anderson." However, it felt?wrong to say her name in the same context as I would any random person.
"Mystic Anderson," he repeated. "Okay, I can see who's available and let you know."
And because I couldn't help myself?"I want a copy of the preliminaries and updates on each phase as they come in."
Marlon had gone quiet, and I knew why. I never bothered with preliminary phases of any project. That's what I had department managers for. That's why I employed thousands of people. And while Lawrence Darwin's battery could be revolutionary, it still didn't need my personal touch. Not at this point, anyway.
"Uh, sure thing," he finally replied. "I'll?uh, instruct weekly reports and they'll be on your desk every Friday."
"Thank you, Marlon," I replied. "Also, let me know who you assign to the project."
More confused silence reigned on the other end of the phone, then a stuttering, "Uh?sure."
"Okay. I'll talk to you later." I hung up before he could say anything more.
I knew I was acting irrational, but I couldn't stop myself. After Mystic had fallen asleep, I had stayed up thinking about everything she had told me about the day she had left me. A part of me wanted to hunt down Margot Cross and ruin her fucking life but that wouldn't give me back the ten years I lost.
Her family was another problem. Since we hadn't done much talking, I didn't know if she was on good terms with them or not, but I suspected she was. After all, they were her family. I couldn't see her holding a grudge all these years later. Especially, since it had been my actions that had actually ended us.
That still stung like a bitch.
Knowing that Mystic had been making plans to run away with me while I had stewed like a spoiled child felt like razor blades all over my skin. Turned out I was the one who couldn't keep his word, and had I waited longer than I had, I would have been with Mystic all this time. Sure, we might have been poor with nothing to our names, but we would have been together.
I also had to consider that if her parents had gone to all those lengths to keep her from me all those years ago, what would they do now? With social media and everyone in everyone else's business these days, they could easily run an article or go on social media, outing me as a sadistic bastard who abuses their daughter. And while I trusted Mystic to set the record straight if it ever came to that, what would another rift with her family do to her?
Not to mention, I wasn't even sure I could stomach the Andersons long enough to be cordial to them after what they had done to Mystic. Hurting her that way, making her choose, it was enough to make me go after them out of spite. However, this thing with Mystic was still new and fragile, even if she didn't have a choice in this. If I can rebuild with her without everything else around us crumbling, I will.
Looking at the clock, I waited as long as I could. I called her not caring that things were probably tense for her at work. Given the pressure she was under now and the situation with Reagan, she didn't need me hovering, but that was just too damn bad.
I was going to hover like a motherfucker.
At least, until I put a ring on her finger, which would be soon.
She answered on the second ring. "Cavanaugh Industries, Mystic Anderson speaking."
Her voice made me antsy and soothed everything in me all at the same time. "Hey, baby."
"Gage," she replied in acknowledgement; nothing more, nothing less.
"I'll be over tonight around-"
"Oh, crap," she grimaced. "I forgot to let you know." My body tightened and I knew I wasn't going to like whatever she was going to say next. "Alaric called me this morning to let me know he was stopping by for a short visit."
I had to take a deep breath and collect myself. We still had a lot to talk about, but even if we didn't, after last night, I had no intention of letting a single night pass by without Mystic with me. We had a lot of time to make up for.
"Meaning?"
Mystic let out a soft sigh. "He's staying with me until Thursday morning when he'll fly back out to California," she replied. "He had to fly to Connecticut for a work thing. He wants to catch up before going back home."
Well, I suppose that told me where she was at with her relationship with her family. And as much as I should be happy for her, I wasn't.
I didn't need these people fucking shit up for us again.
"So, when will we be able to get together and talk?"
"Thursday night, maybe?" she said hesitantly. "I'm not sure, Gage. I worked until past ten most nights before Mr. Cavanaugh assigned me this project. I really don't know when I'll have free time."
I laughed.
There was no fucking way we were leaving things up in the air until she found some free time to talk to me. "Thursday," I demanded. "You can work around the fucking clock any time after that, but we are going to clear shit up this Thursday, and not a day longer, Mystic."
"Gage-"
"Thursday," I barked, then hung up on her like a child.
Goddamn it.
Chapter 31
Mystic~
I sat at the bar and watched my brother cook dinner. It was nice and it wasn't until I had gotten home to find him napping on my couch that I realize how much I missed him. After all, he was the only family I considered to have left, Aunt Rosie aside.
I had awoken him, and we had fallen back into our natural routine as if it hasn't been months since I've seen him. He told me all about work and his new girlfriend, Stacy, and how she wasn't the one, but she was a great girl to hang out with. We steered clear of anything Mom, Dad, or Destiny related, but I knew the subject was going to come up eventually.
Especially, once I took my work clothes off.
Gage had stayed true to his word and had left me a goddamn mess this morning. I had battle wounds every damn place and I had to wear a long sleeve blouse, slacks, and a scarf to hide it all. I also ached like a sonofabitch, every movement uncomfortable and sore.
However, I knew Alaric would know something was up if I were to sleep in my work attire, so I had to bite the bullet. When I had walked out of the room in a simple t-shirt and sweats, his eyes had widened, and I wasn't going to lie, he looked slightly sick.
He had given me a onceover, and with evident struggle he ignored my appearance and prattled on about what he was cooking me for dinner. I gave him space and let cooking distract him as I wondered if I was going to lose my brother over this.
"Grab the plates," he instructed. "Chicken Alfredo a 'la Alaric Anderson is finished."
I chuckled and got up from the barstool to set out the plates and utensils. "Is that a copyright?"
"I think you mean trademark," he teased. "And I'm thinking about it."
We silently set up dinner and it wasn't until we were sitting comfortably next to each other eating that he finally broke. "Wanna tell me about it?"
"Gage Evans," was all I said.
Alaric angled his body, so he could face me. "Wait? What?" he asked, incredulous. "Like?you've met someone like him or are we talk about the Gage Evans?"
I kept my face staring down at the plate of pasta. I wasn't exactly embarrassed as I was wary. I could also admit I was scared. I didn't want to lose my brother and asking him to accept something that was going on versus something that had ended once upon a time was tricky. He was my brother, and I knew he took the role seriously.
"The second one," I mumbled, my mouth full of food and bad manners.
He turned back around and started eating in silence. I knew he was absorbing the news and trying to tamp down his initial reaction to what was best for me. I appreciated it, but it didn't suck any less knowing that he was struggling with the news.
"How?" he finally asked.
"He's best friends and business associates with my boss, Mr. Cavanaugh," I told him. "Mr. Cavanaugh assigned me to a joint venture with Gage's company and that's how we?uh, reconnected."
"Reconnected?" he mumbled, deep in thought.
"He came over last night, demanding answers, and?uh, one thing led to another," I admitted, embarrassed as hell. It wasn't even that the sex was twisted. Talking to my brother about me having sex with a guy, at all, was embarrassing as hell. He didn't want to know that shit about me any more than I wanted to hear details about him.
He turned to face me again. "Demanding answers?"
I nodded, and finally faced him back. "He wanted to know why I left him ten years ago," I explained.
Alaric got a strange look on his face and his eyes narrowed a bit. "Are you telling me that after ten years, he came after you for answers? He still cared, ten years later?"
I nodded. "Yeah. He was really pissed."
"What did you tell him?"
"The truth," I admitted. "I told him everything. I also pointed out how he had given up on me after only two weeks, and that's what kicked off?uh, everything else."
Alaric let out a dark laugh. "Yeah. Regret is a motherfucker. So is hindsight."
I could feel my eyes start to water because this was where this conversation counted with my brother. "I'm not going to lie to you, Alaric. I still love him," I confessed. "I'm fairly certain I never stopped."
His eyes searched mine and I thanked God that all I saw was concern and not disgust. "Are you sure it's not the sex talking, Mys? I mean?I?I know you?" Alaric let out a deep, uncomfortable breath. "I know you like?uh, different things."
I shook my head, dinner forgotten. "I can see how you would think I could be blinded by what Gage does for me, but it's not that. I was lost the second he walked into the conference room at work, Alaric. Whatever bond that Gage and I had as teenagers was still there-is still there."
"I can't lie to you, Mys, and tell you this doesn't worry me," he told me honestly. "You're my sister and I worry about you." He took my hands in his. "Even without?the sex part, your love for this guy is?extremely intense. What if it doesn't work out again? I saw what it did to you last time, Mystic. I just don't want to see you go through something like that again."
"You don't think I've thought about that, Al?"
"Look, I support you, no matter what," he said. "I might not like it and I might not understand it, but I do and will support you." He shrugged a shoulder. "Will I ever call him up and invite him to Thanksgiving? Probably not. Seeing bruises on you, whether consensual or not, is a hard limit for me, Mystic. But I will be happy for you if you're happy."
The tears fell because I knew this was hard for him. His natural instinct was to defend me, and he was still struggling with understanding that I didn't need defending on this. The bite marks and bruises usually represented unhappiness, not satisfaction.
"Alaric, I don't even know what this is yet," I admitted. "He barely came over last night, but we're scheduled to talk later his week."
"Because I'm here?"
I nodded. "Yeah. He had wanted to come over tonight, but I told him you were visiting for a couple of days and we had to put it off."
"What did he say to that?"
"He got mad." I winced at the admission. "He didn't like waiting so long to?clear things up."
"Sounds like he might be worried you're going to vanish again."
"I didn't vanish the last time, Alaric," I pointed out. "I was bullied."
"If you and Gage work things out, then that means there will never be any hope, will there?" he asked, the subject obvious.
"Alaric, there was never any hope of working things out with them," I replied. "As long as I carried around this empty feeling, there was no way I'd have ever been able to forgive them."
"I'm not pleading their case, Mystic," he said. "But they miss you."
"I don't care, Alaric." I told him, and realized I meant every word. "They listened to Margot's accounts of my life without even attempting to believe me or take me at my word. They sat there and listened to whatever details Margot had given them and started judging me for it. They took someone's word over mine and treated me like a leper. Screw that, Al."
He gave me a sad nod but didn't comment. He knew it was the truth and there was nothing he could say to change it. And even if I had been on good terms with my family, Gage being back in my life would have jeopardized that. The threats they had issued when I was younger were nothing compared to what they could do to his life now. However, he was no longer a teenage boy who couldn't fight back. Gage was a grown man who didn't take defeat easily.
Alaric stood up and took me in his arms. He kissed the top of my head before saying, "I love you, kiddo." His arms tightened around me. "Just?just do me a favor and please be careful, Mys."
My arms wrapped around his waist. "Always."
Chapter 32
Gage~
"Man, you sure are one foregone motherfucker."
Lorcan and I were sitting at the bar of one of his many hotels located a couple of blocks from CI Headquarters and I wasn't trying to disguise my surly attitude at all. "Fuck you," came my witty reply.
"I gotta admit," he said, leaning further on the bar, "I never thought I'd meet the woman who fucked you up good. But now that I have, I can see how you lost your mind over her. She's stunning."
Mystic had always been a little on the curvier side, but her body was a fucking work of art now. I loved the cushion and she needed it if she was going to be expected to survive the abuse I planned on inflicting on her nightly. Her face, though?her face was pure perfection.
"That she is," I agreed.
"She's also smart as fuck, Gage," he went on. "The projects she completed for Reagan were top-notch. She knows her shit."
I glanced over at him and did nothing to hide my crazy. This man knew me better than anyone and he still stuck around. I trusted him. "David Booker was assigned to work with her on the Darwin Project," I told him. "And I don't fucking like it."
Lorcan let out a genuine laugh. "Man, oh, man," he chuckled. "You got it bad, friend."
"Of course, I do," I snapped. "You'd know that better than anyone. You know what that woman means to me."
"Why didn't you just assign someone?" he asked. "That way you could have made sure her contact was another woman and not some guy."
"Because I was trying to be professional, goddamn it." I drained my whiskey and signaled the bartender for another one.
"Christ, Gage," he muttered. "Just put a fucking ring on her finger already and call it a day."
"You think I'm not going to?" I threw back.
His brows rose as he looked at me. "Before you lose your goddamn mind, preferably?"
The bartender set a fresh glass in front of me as Lorcan savored his bourbon. "Just make sure Booker doesn't get cozy with her," I said, ignoring his comment about my sanity.
"How the fuck am I supposed to do that?"
"Assign another associate to the project," I answered, getting irritated at the idea of Mystic working long hours with another man.
"Jesus Christ, Gage," Lorcan swore. "The world's population is half male. She's going to come across some of them every now and again. Get your crazy under control, man."
I knew he was right. I knew I was being unreasonable. However, it was the uncertainty that had me on edge. I was positive once I did get that ring on her finger, I'd calm down.
Maybe.
"I refuse to lose her again, Lor," I replied, dead fucking serious.
He let out a sympathetic sigh and that's when I knew I was raging into full-blown pussy mode. Lorcan didn't sympathize. "Look, dude," he said. "She explained why she left." When I had called him for drinks earlier, I had given him the Cliff Notes version of Mystic's explanation on her departure all those years ago. "She did it because she loved you," he pointed out. "I don't think you need to worry about her running again. Plus, with everything you've told me over the years about your relationship with the woman, there's no one else out there for either of you. I'm pretty sure you're safe."
He made sense but the anxiousness was still there. Seeing Mystic again after all these years had felt like being slammed, headfirst, back to that day in the park. The need, the desire, the desperation felt exactly like it had when I had followed her into that restroom. The need to be with her was stronger than anything else I have ever known.
Over the years, I had wondered what I would do if I ever saw her again, but none of the scenarios that had played out in my head matched what I had felt when I finally did see her. Nothing else had mattered except my rage and want. Mystic was my strongest weakness. She always had been. And all the tough talk over the years hadn't done shit to prepare me for when I saw her again.
Time hadn't lessened shit.
"There's still the issue of her family," I pointed out. "I can't imagine their reaction to me being back in their daughter's life will be any more favorable than it was the last time."
Lorcan signaled the bartender for another bourbon. "She's not the same scared teenage girl she was back then, Gage," he said. "Give her more credit than that." He huffed. "After all, this is the same woman who challenged her new boss in front of her superiors. I'd say she's tougher than you think."
I didn't comment and we both sat in silence, nursing our drinks, before I asked, "What would you do?"
Lorcan snorted. "What would I do?"
"Yeah." I looked over at him. "What would you do in this situation?"
He looked over at me, lifting one black brow. "I wouldn't be in this situation," he replied. "Not judging, Gage, but had it been me and I found someone who drove me to the brink of madness just by looking at her, nothing, and I do mean nothing, would have stopped me from hunting her the fuck down. I would have gone to the ends of the Earth in search of her."
My male pride was taking a beating, but I couldn't do much about it. He wasn't calling me out, but he wasn't lying, either. "Even if you believed she had left you?"
Lorcan let out a dark laugh. "Especially, if I thought she left me," he said. "I don't connect with many people, Gage. I'm not built like that. So, if there was a woman who inspired that kind of insanity from me, there's no way she'd have a choice in the matter."
"She doesn't anymore," I stated.
Lorcan gave me a sharp nod and returned to his drink. "As it should be," he agreed. "Don't let that girl go again, Gage."
"I'm not."
After a few moments of silence, we got to talking about work again. "I'll assign another-"
"Don't," I said, stopping him before he agreed to my ridiculous demand. "I'll figure something out."
"Are you sure?" he asked. "I don't need you storming into CI like a lunatic because you don't have your shit together."
"Nah," I reassured him, even though I couldn't give him total certainty. "I'll just get the marriage license this week and force her hand next week, if not this Friday."
Lorcan chuckled. "You really are out of your mind."
I side-eyed him. "This from the guy who just admitted to hunting some poor girl down to the ends of the Earth and forcing her to be with him. Yeah, okay, Lor."
"I didn't say your actions weren't valid. I just said you were out of your mind."
"Okay. Quite sure I'm done here for the evening," I announced. "But I need you here tomorrow, same time, so I don't do something stupid like show up at Mystic's house while her brother's still there."
"Sure," he agreed. "We can drink as I tell you all about Molly's party last weekend."
I winced at the tone of Lorcan's voice. "That good, huh?"
"Even better," he deadpanned. "So much so, that I took two of her stupid friends to The Sphynx." The Sphynx was one of the many hotels CI owned. "The dumb bitches thought I was too drunk to overhear their scheme of an unplanned pregnancy."
My eyes widened. "What the fuck?"
He looked over at me. "Yeah," he scoffed. "They had gone into the bathroom to pretty themselves up and forgot to shut the door all the way. I had walked over to ask them what was taking so long when I overheard them whispering."
Instead of leaving, I signaled the bartender for another round and got comfortable. "Jesus," I breathed.
"Yeah. I guess the plan was whoever got pregnant would get the monthly check while the other would look for another sucker to trap," he replied.
"What did you do?"
"Got sober, lost my hard-on, and kicked them the fuck out," he said as the bartender set down a fresh glass in front of each of us. "Then I called Molly and told her to never invite me to one of her parties ever again."
Ouch.
"And?"
Lorcan laughed. "Now those two are on Molly's shit list and it's not looking pretty."
I took a drink of my whiskey and felt a pang of unease for those two women. Molly's shit list is not where anyone wanted to be.
She was worse than Lorcan.
Chapter 33
Mystic~
David Booker was turning out to be as sharp as a tack. I guess I shouldn't have been too surprised, considering that Gage hadn't become wealthy by hiring idiots, but the guy was definitely turning out to be a godsend for this project. I had planned on working around the clock on this project, but with David's knowledge and experience, it looked as if the hours weren't going to be too painful.
I had just finished emailing him an update of battery comparisons when my phone chimed. I looked down and saw a text from Rowan.

Rowan: Im downstairs, chick.

I glanced at the time on my phone.
Crap.
We agreed on lunch today when she had called me yesterday, telling me she was swinging by. I had told her Alaric was in town and she had immediately bowed out. She knew how much I loved my brother, and she knew we didn't get to spend a lot of time together. I promised her lunch today, though. Alaric had flown out of Chicago this morning, and so I had lunch with Rowan and dinner with Gage planned for today.
I texted back.

Me: Crap! Sorry. Be right down.

I locked my computer, then grabbed my purse and my jacket. We were only going around the block to a corner café, but Chicago weather was moodier than a teenager girl on her period.
After the elevator ride down, I walked out into the lobby of CI and saw Rowan typing away on her phone. The girl had time off from work, but never had time off from work. She worked hard and nothing ever slowed her down. And from the way her fingers were flying across her phone, she was probably chewing someone out via text. Don't get me wrong, though. Rowan wasn't above causing a scene if she had to, but she tried to keep things professional if she could.
"Hey," I said, saddling up to her. "Sorry. I forgot to set my phone alarm."
She ignored me long enough to send off her text, then looked up at me and smiled. "No problem. I had some shit to take care of anyway." She put her phone in her purse. "Ready?"
"Yeah. Now that I'm down here, I realize I'm starving."
"Yeah, well, you better be good at multi-tasking because I will let you starve if I feel you eating lunch is cutting into the details about you and Gage fucking Evans," she huffed.
When she had called to come over, I had mentioned Gage to her, though without the details, and she's been chomping at the bit ever since. "I promise to tell you everything," I replied. "Well, not everything."
Rowan laughed. "You're not fooling anyone with that scarf, by the way," she teased.
"Mystic?"
I whirled around at my name and that voice. "Gage?" My voice was full of surprise. He's been constantly calling me and texting me throughout the past two days, but he never said anything about being at CI today. Mr. Cavanaugh stood next to him, and I presumed they were either going to a meeting together or lunch. Or coming from. "What are you doing here?"
His blue gaze flicked towards Rowan before settling back on mine. "Lorcan and I had a morning meeting today to discuss some stuff." He stuffed his hands in his pockets like he was restraining himself from touching me. "What are you doing?"
"Oh, sorry," I stammered. "Gage, this is my best friend, Rowan Lewis." I turned to look at Rowan. "Rowan, this is my?uh, Gage." Shit. What the hell was he? Was he my boyfriend?
I watched as Gage extended his hand. Rowan took it in hers as he said, "Gage Evans, Mystic's boyfriend." I could feel my face flush with that announcement. A part of me was thrilled, another part of me thought the term lukewarm for what we were to each other.
Rowan smiled. "I'd say it's good to meet you, but that's still to be determined, though, isn't it?" she replied as she pulled her hand back.
Gage lifted a brow as Mr. Cavanaugh let out a poorly disguised laugh which reminded me of my manners. "Oh, my apologies," I jumped in. "Rowan, this is Mr. Cavanaugh, my boss."
Mr. Cavanaugh went to shake Rowan's hand, and no one could miss the appreciation in his eyes. However, anyone with a working set of eyes could hardly blame him. Rowan was a knockout. We were both the same height, but she rocked the whole siren look. Rowan was professional sexy, and she exuded the confidence of a brain surgeon. Rowan was smart and she knew it.
She was also the perfect blend of blonde hair and blue eyes. Rowan looked like the girl next door, and that's why she was constantly being underestimated. She was the shark no one saw coming during her audits and she thrived on it.
"Call me Lorcan," Mr. Cavanaugh allowed as he took her hand.
Rowan smirked as she shook his hand. "That all depends on what Mystic has to say about you, too" she replied, this time, causing Gage to let out a cough.
I looked over at Mr. Cavanaugh and the grin on his face was dangerous. "Really?"
Rowan let out a dramatic sigh. "Look, gentlemen, you may be the men in Mystic's life, but you're nothing to me if you're not good to her. So, before I put in effort to consider either of you beyond Mystic's boss and her boyfriend, I got to get the goods from my girl here, first."
"Row," I hissed. No matter what, Mr. Cavanaugh was still my boss.
She shrugged a shoulder. "What? Am I lying?"
I reached for her elbow. "Okay. We're heading to lunch now," I announced. "I'll?uh, see you guys later."
Rowan laughed as Mr. Cavanaugh stopped me. "Mystic?"
"Yes, sir?" Gage growled, but I ignored him.
"Just wanted to extend you the same courtesy," he said. "Lorcan is fine."
Not a chance.
"Mr. Cavanaugh, with all due respect, you are my boss." That wasn't true. "Correction. You are my boss' boss' boss. It would be unprofessional of me to call you by your first name."
He cocked his head. "But you're more than just an employee now, aren't you?"
I shook my head. "No. Actually, I'm not," I corrected him. "Depending on how this thing with Gage and me pans out, we may never become friends, Mr. Cavanaugh. Like Rowan said, don't want to put the cart before the horse, now, do we?" Mr. Cavanaugh smirked and shot Gage a look.
Gage let out a sigh. "Just start calling him Lorcan, Mystic," he said. "The only way this thing is going to end is with my ring on your goddamn finger. So, just save everyone the fucking headache and give in gracefully." He glanced over at Rowan. "You, too." Rowan laughed as I shook my head.
"Look, we're going to lunch, the rest of this?can wait," I mumbled, not sure if I was pissed at his high-handed ways or turned on.
"It's waited ten years," Mr. Cavanaugh said. "What's a few more hours?"
Gage turned on him. "For the love of God, can you just not?"
Rowan laughed again. "Oh, this is going to be fun," she said gleefully.
Mr. Cavanaugh, or Lorcan as I suspect I was going to start calling him, stepped to Rowan. His grin was sexy and decadent. "I guess that means I'll be seeing more of you once they sort their shit out."
Rowan placed a hand on his chest. "Doubtful," she denied. "As pretty as you are, Lorcan, you're not my type."
That was a lie.
He was exactly her type.
"Is that a challenge?" he asked, towering over her.
"That's a fact," Rowan lied. "Besides," she hummed as she adjusted her purse, "I don't want to chew you up and spit you out, and then have to spend Thanksgiving sitting across from each other. It might get awkward for you."
"Are you-"
"Oooooooooookay." I grabbed Rowan and drug her behind me. "See you guys later," I called from over my shoulder and got Rowan the hell out of there.
"Oh, God," she laughed once we hit the sidewalk. "That was fun."
I looked at my best friend. "Rowan, listen to me. Lorcan Cavanaugh is no joke," I warned her.
Her smile was positively mischievous. "Neither am I," she chuckled.
I gave up. "Do you want the dirty details or not?"
She straightened up. "You're right," she agreed. "Priorities." With that we headed to lunch and details.
Chapter 34
Gage~
About fucking time.
It was a little past seven in the evening when I finally found myself knocking on Mystic's front door. It felt like the longest day of my life, waiting for the day to end, so we could talk. There was so much we needed to talk about, but I seriously doubted we'd get to all of it tonight. Firstly, there was a lot of shit to consider. Secondly, it was highly doubtful I'd get more than a handful of sentences out before I ripped her clothes off and fucked her.
Monday night had been nowhere near enough.
When Mystic finally opened the door, I walked past her without an invite. And I swear, I wanted to talk, but when I turned around and found her standing by the door, much like she had been on Monday night, all thoughts of talking fled.
"Come here," I commanded.
"Missed me?" she teased, and the answer to that would be yes. It had been all I could do not to accost her in the lobby at CI today. I had to jam my hands in my goddamn pockets to keep from mauling her.
"Come. Here," I repeated.
Mystic was barefoot and she made no sound as she stepped to me. She stopped when she was standing directly in front of me. "I'm here," she whispered.
My hands landed on her hips and I yanked her forward until our bodies were touching. "Your bruises are fading," I pointed out. "I don't like that."
Her delicate hands laid flat on my chest. I had changed from a suit to jeans and a t-shirt, so I knew she could feel me underneath the fabric. "I guess you'll just have to create more," she replied, her voice low and husky.
"How does that sweet pussy and tight ass feel, baby?" I asked, even though her answer didn't matter. I was going to take both again and she couldn't or wouldn't stop me.
Mystic blushed, but she didn't shy away. "Does it matter?"
I shook my head, looking into her beautiful brown eyes. "No. It doesn't."
Her eyes searched mine. "How do you want me?"
"Any way I can get you," I replied. "As long as it's forever."
Mystic's eyes widened slightly. "So, we're really doing this?"
"Fucking? Or forever? Or both?"
"Both."
"You're goddamn right we are," I growled as my hands reached around and took handfuls of her thick, luscious ass. "No way am I letting you go again, baby. No fucking way."
"Prove it," she whispered, and I inwardly cringed at how I had blocked her after only two weeks of being gone. Lorcan had been right when he said if you ever find a woman that makes you feel the way Mystic makes me feel, then never let her fucking go.
Ever.
Mystic was still wearing her work close, minus the shoes, and the image of her bouncing on my cock with her skirt up around her waist and her blouse torn open, so I could see her tits, flashed through my mind and I knew that's the way this was going to go. I wanted my hands on her hips with her tits in my mouth as she chased her pleasure.
I walked her back towards the couch, and she stood back as I sat down, letting her know exactly what I wanted from her.
"You're letting me take control?" she asked, dubiously and not at all impressed.
I smirked. "Fuck no." Mystic didn't like to be the aggressor. She liked to be the pawn. She like to be taken. There were only a few, rare times when we were younger that she had crept out of that role and had gone after me like a madwoman. However, those times had been when she had been feeling insecure and she had needed to connect with me. Those were the times when she had been telling me she loved me without telling me she loved me.
Another big difference between our previous relationship and this one now, we had been kids, living with our parents, trying to carve out time for each other. Now, as grown adults, there was no time limit on our time together. If I wanted, I had all night and fucking day to explore every inch of skin and fuck every hole she had. My need for her still ran rampant, but there was no need for us to hurry anymore.
Mystic stood before me and I waited her out until she started to discard her clothes. I stopped her before she could make any real progress. "Leave it on," I instructed.
"All of it?"
I shook my head. "Take off your panties only."
Her eyes began to dilate the second she saw the same picture that was playing in my mind. She reached underneath her skirt and slowly pushed her panties down. Once they hit the floor, she stepped out of them and kicked them aside.
"Like that?"
I nodded. "Now bend over and unbutton my jeans." She went to get on her knees, but I stopped her. "I said bend over. I didn't say get on your knees."
She did as she was told and bent over to undo my jeans. The second the top of her blouse billowed open, giving me an unobstructed view of her bra-encased tits, I reached up and ripped the fucker open.
Mystic gasped before letting out a throaty moan. "Gage?"
My patience had run out, so I pushed Mystic's hands away and pushed down my pants my-damn-self. My cock was already hard and sprung free, slapping back against my abs.
Looking up at her, I said, "Pull up your skirt and show me that pussy of yours, baby." She immediately did as she was told, grabbing the sides of the fabric, and inching it upward. "Now come sit on my cock."
She placed a knee on either side of my thighs and lowered herself as I held my dick poised and ready for her to ride it. "Gage?" she moaned as soon as the head was in. My ego couldn't help but inflate as I felt her wetness drip down my dick.
Once she was seated and her tits were in my face, I reached up and snapped the tiny scrap of fabric holding her tits together in half. The cups of her bra fell open and Mystic's big, full tits were bared for me. I leaned in and took one into my mouth as my hands latched onto her hips, ready to take over.
Mystic's moans grew louder. "Oh, God?" I sucked on her tit hard enough to leave a bruise as she started riding my dick. "Yessss?please?"
Her tit popped out of my mouth and I leaned back to watch. Mystic had her hands braced on the back of the couch and she used that leverage to bounce on my cock like a fucking pro. She looked so fucking hot taking my dick with her skirt around her waist and her tits hanging out, I wanted nothing more than to take a picture of her like this and make it my goddamn screensaver.
"Nothing feels better than your tight pussy, baby," I grunted, no truer words have ever been spoken. I dug my fingers deeper into the flesh of her hips. "I'm going to fuck this cunt every fucking night."
"Gage, I'm going to cum?" she moaned, and I loved how she got off so easily. I loved how it didn't take much to make her explode.
With the grip I had on her hips, I threw her off my lap and shoved her face down on the couch cushions. With her pussy and ass presented to me, I slammed my dick deep into her cunt. Mystic screamed into the cushions as I railed her wet channel. Her bouncing on my cock had been great, but I've never been one to sit back and let her do all the work. I needed to be the one taking her pleasure, not the other way around.
"Take that cock, baby," I demanded through each thrust. "I know you like taking this fat cock up that sweet tasting pussy."
Mystic's knuckles were bloodless, tightened around the soft cushions, and she let out a motherfuck of a scream as she clamped down on my dick. I rode her through her orgasm, and I didn't stop until I unloaded deep in her pussy.
When my cock finally softened, I pulled out and watched as my cum started leaking out of her body. Since that wouldn't do, I reached out with my hand and rub that shit all over her swollen cunt and inner thighs. Mystic let out a soft groan before collapsing on the couch and I knew it was time to head to the bedroom.
After all, my dick still hadn't felt the wetness of her mouth or the tightness of her ass yet.
Chapter 35
Mystic~
My body ached but it was a good kind of ache.
After Gage had carried me to the bedroom, he had undressed us both, and then proceeded to make good on his promise to leave nothing on my body untouched. We had sex three more times before he let up, and now we were in my kitchen getting a late-night snack.
Gage set the chopped-up fruit on the kitchen counter between us. "How was your visit with your brother?"
I couldn't stop the smile on my face. "Good," I replied. "I forget how much I miss him sometimes."
"And the rest of your family?"
I grabbed an apple slice. "I don't know. I don't talk to them." I tossed the apple slice in my mouth, buying some time to further explain.
Gage grabbed a salted cucumber slice before asking, "Why not?"
"I can't find it in myself to forgive what they did to me back then," I told him truthfully.
Gage's next words shocked me as I couldn't imagine he was a big fan of my family. "They did what they did because they thought they were protecting you, Mystic."
I shook my head. "That's not the unforgiveable part, Gage."
"It's not?" I shook my head. "Then what is?"
I stuff a peach slice in my mouth, chewed, and swallowed before explaining, "I can't forgive how they took Margot's word over mine, Gage. Instead of coming to me and talking to me, and giving me a chance to explain, they went to her and bought her version of our relationship. By the time they called me into Mrs. Berny's office, they already had their minds made up. You were an abuser, and I was your victim. They made me feel awful about myself and the things I wanted."
"Look, baby, don't take this the wrong way because I hate your family with an unmeasurable passion. However, most people wouldn't believe a teenager, no matter what."
"It didn't stop there, Gage," I replied. "For the next few months, my father was hateful, my mother was a crying mess, and Destiny treated me like a victim. No matter how many times I tried to tell them they misread the situation, they continued to believe Margot over me. Even when I tried to explain that Margot was just jealous because Chance didn't care about her the way you cared about me, they still dismissed me as lying or not knowing what I was talking about." I took a deep, exhausting breath. "I can forgive someone trying to protect me, but what I can't forgive are people treating me like my thoughts and emotions have no value. As if they weren't valid."
Gaged walked around the island and stepped in between the legs I opened for him. "So, you haven't spoken to them in ten years?"
"I stopped talking to them completely around my sophomore year in college. That's what made Alaric drive down to my school and demand an explanation from me. He knew all about what happened, but he'd gotten my parents and Destiny's version of events. He was the only person who cared enough to listen to my side and not judge my truth or accuse me of making shit up."
"Does he know we're back together?"
"Are we?" I asked. "Are we really, Gage?
His head reared back, and he looked confused, but also mildly pissed off. "What? You don't think we are?"
"I don't know," I answered honestly. "I think the sex might be clouding everything else."
"Maybe for you," he retorted. "But I know what I want, Mystic, and it's what I've always wanted. You."
"So, then we start dating and-" Gage's dark laugh stopped me.
He leaned down until I could see the different shades of blue in his eyes. "We're not dating, Mystic. We aren't two random people who met at a bar one night and decided to see where this could go. Since I was fourteen-fucking-years-old, you are the only female I have ever wanted to be with. You are the only thing that matters in my life. Even when you weren't in my life, you still were. You were everywhere I looked. You were everywhere I went. You were every fucking dollar I ever made."
"Gage?" I whispered.
"And if you don't think this thing between us is designed by fate, how in the fuck do you explain how we both ended up in Chicago? How do you explain finding yourself working for Lorcan and the fact that Lorcan just happened to become my best friend in college? What are the odds that we'd end up in the same place together, ten years later, Mystic?"
I didn't have an answer for any of those questions. Each of us could have easily landed anywhere else in the country instead of Chicago. Not to mention, with ten years passed, both of us could have been married to someone else by now.
Now, did I believe in his hint at fate playing a bigger part in our love story? Not really. I just didn't have any answers to his questions. However, I still needed a clearer understanding of what we were doing.
"Then what are we doing, Gage?"
"Mystic, I plan on having a ring on your finger by the end of next week," he stated rather matter of fact.
My stomach flipped, but I couldn't deny it sounded like everything I've ever wanted since I first met Gage, but just because we've reconnected that didn't mean it was a good idea. We were different people now. Ten years of different experiences, different direction in life?I wasn't eighteen-year-old Mystic, anymore, and he wasn't eighteen-year-old Gage.
"Gage, it's been ten years since we were last together," I pointed out. "We're not the same kids we were when we were dating. A lot has changed."
"Not as much as you think," he bit out, frustration lacing each word. I knew he was upset that I wasn't jumping onboard blindly, but this was too important to rush.
I shook my head. "It hasn't occurred to you that you might not like the woman I've grown into?" I asked. "You're chasing after your high school sweetheart, Gage, and she no longer exists."
His blue eyes narrowed. "Maybe not, but do you know what does exist?"
"What?"
"How I feel about you," he replied. "That never went away, no matter how badly I tried to force it. I've thought of you every fucking day of my godforsaken life, Mystic. Learning that you like onions on her burger now, when you didn't before, is little shit that doesn't matter."
"All of it matters, Gage."
His hands dug into my hips as he pressed his hard length against my core. Dressed in just a t-shirt, my body was open to him. The thin barrier of his boxer briefs was all that separated us. He looked pissed and his words were like dripping poison. "The only thing that matters is that you're not going anywhere, Mystic. I told you Monday night you'd only get a choice in all this once, remember?" I was weak enough to let out a small whimper. "You don't get a choice in this."
"I'm not saying I don't want to be together, Gage. But marriage?"
His hand found its way to the inside of my thighs and Gage had two fingers plunged into my body in a bid to fight dirty. He leaned in until his lips dance across my ear and his growl vibrated throughout my entire body. "This pussy? This wet, sore cunt that's wrapped around my fingers is mine, Mystic." As to prove his point, the sounds of wet suctioning played in the room like a soundtrack to his words. "This pussy that can't get enough of my cock, it's mine."
I couldn't stop my moan as I spread my legs wider. "Gage?"
"I don't care if you're favorite color has changed or if you no longer like action movies. I only care that your body knows mine. I only care that your mind knows nothing but me. I only care that it's my name carved across your heart." He added another finger to the two and his thrusts started to become forceful and demanding. "The only thing I give a fuck about is that your soul recognizes mine, and knows its fucking place, Mystic."
Before I could respond, Gage's fingers were gone, and his dick was being shoved into my body. "Gage!"
His hands on my hips, he rammed into me until the barstool threatened to topple over. "This is your place, Mystic," he hissed. "On my fucking cock is where you should be every fucking day. And if I have to drag you by your motherfucking hair to the courthouse next week to make that happen, that's what I'm going to fucking do!"
My arms wrapped around his neck and I held on as my release shook everything in me. Gage's need for me has always been my strongest weakness and hearing him threaten to drag me to the alter was enough to send me off. "Oh, God?"
Fingertips grabbed my face and Gage squeezed until my eyes popped open from the pain. He looked feral and beautiful. His dick still hard in my body as I trembled around him, he said, "You're right. We're not the same kids we were before. The kid I was back then let you walk away. The man I am now will fucking kill you before I ever let you leave me."
I came again because his words were everything that was wrong with me.
A small part of me also believed him.
Chapter 36
Gage~
The entire way over, I told myself that I had legitimate business at CI. We had several joint projects together, and even if we didn't, Lorcan was my best friend. It was entirely reasonable to stop by.
It was a lie, of course.
Mystic had insisted on coming to work again after only a few hours of sleep, and I could admit I was still disturbed by her non-answer about getting married next week. After I fucked her on the barstool, our snacks forgotten, I had carried her back into the bedroom where I didn't let up until she passed out, used, and covered in my filth. This morning's shower had been a quick fuck because while I knew she needed to shower for work, I wanted her pussy to still smell like me, the sick fuck that I was.
Since the receptionist knew who I was, she wasted no time in directing me towards Mystic's office, but when I got there, the lights were off, and things looked quiet. I glanced at my watch and saw that it was too early for lunch.
I pulled my phone out to call her when Reagan Contreras' voice hit my ears. "Mr. Evans," she sing-songed. "How have you been?"
I only knew Reagan professionally, but she's been at CI long enough and has worked on a couple of joint projects of ours that we've chatted before. "Ms. Contreras," I acknowledged.
She smiled. "I've told you before, Mr. Evans. Please, feel free to call me Reagan."
Nah. Don't think so.
While I didn't have an issue with the woman, it was obvious to anyone with eyes that she wanted to bounce on Lorcan's dick. Anytime he was near, she went full seductress mode. I didn't need to get pulled into that bullshit, even if Lorcan didn't fuck his employees. Ever.
Before I could comment, she continued, "Are you looking for Mystic?"
"As a matter of fact, I am," I replied. "She's working on a joint project with one of my project assistants, David Booker."
Reagan tittered-legit tittered-and I wondered how Lorcan could stand it. "Oh, yeah?them two," she murmured, grinning like a snake.
I arched a brow. "Them two?"
She slapped a hand in the air, as if the topic were of no consequence. "Yeah," she giggled, annoying the shit out of me. "I think there's love in the air."
My entire body froze with her implication. My blood ran cold, and my mind was saying there was no way that Reagan just said what she said. "What?"
Her eyes widened. "Oh, no, no," she stammered. "I'm sure the project will come off perfectly, Mr. Evans. It's just?"
"It's just what?" Did this woman know I will fucking kill her?
"Well?I mean?" She looked around to ensure no one else could hear before she continued. "I?well, I almost went to Mr. Cavanaugh to discuss their professionalism. It was like instant attraction or something, I think. From day one, they've been giddy and all over each other. I just?well?you know, right?"
A part of me told me she was lying, but to what end? I knew she was pissed about being demoted and that she didn't like Mystic, but Reagan didn't know about me and Mystic. What did she get out of telling me Mystic was messing around with David? Was she trying to sabotage her professionally or was she telling the truth? Reagan had to know it wouldn't end well for her if it came out that she was lying and besmirching Mystic and David's professional reputations.
And then, from that dark place where doubt and resentment still lingered, a voice echoed out reminding me that Mystic hadn't jumped at the chance to marry me last night. Instead, she had voiced her concerns and doubts, trying to buy some time.
"Do you know where they are now?"
Reagan's smile was slick with insinuation. "They never work in her office when he stops by," she informed me. "They have a small, private, room that's assigned for just them."
It took everything in me not to show every ounce of rage I was feeling. "Where is it?"
"I can walk you," she offered, and I was too enraged to decline. Getting to Mystic was more important than distancing myself from Reagan Contreras.
She led me down a corridor of small meeting rooms that were nowhere near the size of CI's conference rooms until we stopped in front of a door that was decorated with a placard that read 'Baltic Room'.
Reagan turned towards me. "Here we are," she said. "I'd knock first if I were you." She threw me a wink and walked away as I stood there wondering what the fuck.
I didn't knock.
When I walked in, I saw Mystic sitting next to David at a small utility table looking over blueprints of some sort. The sound of the door opening had both of them turning my way.
David smiled, but Mystic looked confused. "Ga-Mr. Evans?"
I shut the door behind me and walked deeper into the room. David was oblivious to the tension, but Mystic wasn't. "Oh, hey, there, Mr. Evans," he said, greeting me.
Mystic was driving me crazy and that was the only explanation for what I did next. "You want to tell me why my girlfriend was practically sitting on your lap when I walked in?" I snapped.
David's eyes widened in shock, while Mystic let out a horrified gasp. "Gage."
I shot my gaze toward hers. "What?"
"Are you insane?!" she screeched.
David jumped up from his chair and stepped away from her. "Uh, Mr. Evans?I, uhm, that's not what-"
Mystic stood up next. "Have you lost your mind?"
"Yes!" I roared. "Now tell me why the fuck you're all cozied up with him in a private fucking room!"
Mystic's eyes were the size of platters. "I'm not cozied up with him. These rooms are assigned to teams and project groups, Gage. They're larger and more comfortable than the offices."
"You mean more private," I accused. "Of course, I could see how it would be uncomfortable to have him in your office with everyone working right outside your office door."
"Mr. Evans, you have this all wrong," David injected. "Mystic and I-"
"Mystic? Not Ms. Anderson?" I asked like a lunatic.
He paled as Mystic made her way around the table to stand in front of me. "Stop it!" she yelled. "I don't know what the hell is going on, but David and I are colleagues on a project, only. You have no right to come in here an-"
"No right?!" I thundered in her face. "I have every right to do whatever the fuck I want when it comes to you!"
"Gage, this is my workplace," she argued. "You can't come in here acting as if you own the place and causing a scene."
Ignoring her, I addressed David. "David, if you know what's good for you, you'll walk out of this room right the fuck now."
"You can't-"
"I can," I bit out, interrupting her. "I'm his fucking boss, Mystic. Make no mistake. I can tell him what the fuck to do."
"You're being ridiculous!"
"No," I denied. "Since you haven't agreed to marry me yet, I'm just making sure you're not spreading your legs for anyone else but me."
The slap echoed throughout the small room.
"You bastard," she seethed, and we both ignored the slamming of the door, announcing David's departure.
"Maybe," I conceded, my cheek throbbing like a sonofabitch. "But you're out of your mind if you think I'm going to let you make a fool of me by hanging all over another man."
Mystic took a step back, shock all over her pretty face. "Are you kidding me?"
"It's all Reagan Contreras could talk about," I told her. "How you guys can't keep your hands off each other." Her face went from shock to a flash of pain before she schooled her features.
But it was the emptiness in her big, brown eyes that told me I was in trouble.
Chapter 37
Mystic~
I stood in the middle of the room, wondering how in the hell did I find myself back in time. A time when, once again, my word wasn't good enough. Where the people-or person as was this case-believed the word of someone else, rather than coming to me and asking me to explain their confusion.
Like my parents, Gage heard something he didn't like and charged liked a rhino, instead of trusting me.
My heart's been broken only twice in my lifetime and both times by the same person.
The only difference was that this time, I wasn't a confused, scared girl. I was a strong, empty woman. And if I didn't take this shit from my parents, I sure as hell wasn't going to take it from Gage Evans.
"Let me get this straight," I said, shock and emotion gone from my voice. "Reagan, mind you, a woman who doesn't like me and you know this, came to you and told you I was all over David, and instead of asking me about it, you assumed it was true, and so you, what? Barged in here to catch us?"
Gone was the anger. In its place was resignation. "Mystic-"
"No," I spat, cutting him off. "It's a yes or no question, Gage. Is that or isn't that what happened here?"
His jaw clenched as he bit out, "Yes."
This was the part where you'd think tears would be flowing, but they weren't. I was too numb for that. I was too heartbroken for that.
I was too empty for that.
I arched a brow. "I guess you owe my parents, my sister, and Margot an apology, huh?"
His lip curled in fury. "It's not the same thing."
"Yes, it is," I argued. "Just like they took Margot's side over mine without a thought to asking me, you just did the same thing. But even worse, at least Margot had been my best friend. My parents had no reason to think she was lying. You took the word of a woman who hates me and would love more than nothing to cause problems for me."
"Why would she lie?" he asked, another nail in our coffin. "It's not like she knows about us."
I shook my head, ready to end this. "Of course, she knows about us, Gage," I told him. "Damn near everyone in this building does."
His head reared back, disbelieving. "How?"
"That day in the conference room? People heard and saw us, Gage. It was all over the place that there was something going on between us. Sure, they didn't know what, exactly. But they knew. Reagan knew."
"Mystic-"
I turned to clean up the meeting room, wanting to get away from him. "Go to hell, Gage," I scoffed tiredly. "We're done here."
"We'll never be done," he replied, his voice hard and unyielding.
After stuffing all the design materials in a CI briefcase, I turned to face him. "That's where you're wrong, Gage," I told him. "My soul might be tied to yours, but my soul survived being without you for ten years, it'll survive another fifty years without you."
Gage shook his head. "No," he snarled. "You don't get to leave me, Mystic. Especially, not over one stupid fight."
"I'm not leaving you over one stupid fight," I clarified. "I'm leaving you because my voice matters. My word is worthy. Because I am not a cheater or a liar."
I went to leave the room, but his hands latched onto my arms and he held me prisoner where I stood. "Mystic-"
With every ounce of strength I possessed, I shoved my heart, my soul, my very essence back, and faced the only man on the planet who had the ability to destroy me so thoroughly. "If you do not let me go this very second, I will break into so many pieces that I will never be able to put myself back together again, Gage." His face paled at my vulnerability. "Let. Me. Go."
His hand dropped, but he wasn't done. "This isn't over, Mystic."
I ignored him and left the room. I knew it wasn't over and I knew he was going to come for me at some point, but I couldn't worry about that right now. Right now, I needed someone who knew loyalty like she knew her own name.
I needed Rowan.
As soon as I got back to my office, I emailed Lacey and told her I was taking a sick day and I locked my office without any thought to whether an email that I was leaving was acceptable or not.
I just needed the hell out of here.
My phone was up to my ear before I walked out of the lobby. When Rowan answered, I didn't bother with pleasantries. "I need you," I said, proud of myself that my voice didn't crack.
"Where are you?"
"I'm outside of Cavanaugh Industries and I'm about to walk wherever, Row," I told her.
I could hear shuffling in the background. "Okay," she breathed out. "There's a little hole-in-the-wall eatery on Wilmington. Walk there and wait for me."
"Okay."
"Whatever it is, it will be okay, Mys," she assured me. "We got this."
I didn't think we did, but what did I know at this point? "I'll see you in a bit."
"Ten minutes," she promised, then hung up.
I power-walked my way to Wilmington until I saw the eatery Rowan had mentioned. The entrance was through the alley, so I could see how people would miss it. I didn't go in, but I did stand inside the mouth of the alley and waited for her.
I also ignored the buzz and ringing of my phone the entire way here.
One time, scrolling through Pinterest, I saw something that read 'Don't make permanent decisions while you're experiencing temporary emotions' and I always thought that had sounded so wise. But what if you weren't feeling anything at all? What if you really felt empty? Was emptiness a temporary emotion, or was it an unfortunate state of self? I wasn't sure, but what I did know was that I didn't want to talk to Gage right now.
Maybe never.
A yellow cab pulled up to the curb, and through the window I could see Rowan throw some bills at the poor man before jumping out of the cab. Despite it all, I smiled. Rowan was the be-all-end-all of best friends.
I stepped out of the alley as she rushed towards me. Her beautiful face flushed with anxiousness, she asked, "Are you okay?" And the fact that she asked that first, instead of asking what was wrong, made me love her even more.
"I'm not sure," I answered honestly.
Her beautiful blue eyes narrowed. "I will fucking kill him," she seethed.
"Not yet," I said, not ruling murder out. "I?I'm?" I shook my head. "I don't know what I am." She wrapped her arms around me, and I held on. I wasn't embarrassed to be weak or vulnerable around Rowan. The woman didn't judge, and I knew she'd be on my side, no matter what.
She pulled away and looked at me. "Well, we can go inside and eat or go to your place or mine," she offered. "Or wherever you want to go. It doesn't matter."
"I don't want to go to my place," I told her. "I can't guarantee Gage won't show up there, and?I just can't with him right now."
My phone rang again, and Rowan looked down at my purse. "Is that him?"
"I'm pretty sure. I haven't looked at my phone after his first two phone calls," I admitted.
Rowan grabbed my hand and pulled me back onto the sidewalk. I didn't say anything as she flagged down another cab. As the car pulled up, she looked at me and said, "I know the perfect place where we can hide. We can stay there the rest of the day and if you don't want to go home tonight you can stay at my place."
I gave her a grateful smile and followed her into the cab. I didn't care where we were going, I just knew I needed room to breathe. Once in the cab, I sent Alaric a text, telling him my phone was going to be off because Rowan and I were doing quality time. He was the only other person in the world who would worry if I didn't answer my phone, so I didn't want him to panic. After he returned my text with a thumbs-up emoji, I turned off my phone.
"How bad?" Rowan asked.
I let out a sigh. "You tell me," I replied. "Once we get to where we're going and I tell you everything, you tell me, Row, how bad it is."
"Well, hell," she muttered.
Well, hell, indeed.
Chapter 38
Gage~
I was standing in my office looking out at the city of Chicago wondering how I could have fucked up so badly.
It never occurred to me that Mystic would end up seeing me in the same light as she viewed her parents, and that was frightening if I were being completely honest with myself. Forgiving me for being stupid was a no-brainer. However, forgiving me for treating her the same way her parents had, not so much.
It hadn't helped when Lorcan had come searching for me because David had gone straight to him to tell him I'd had Mystic trapped in that room. While I had wanted to kill him, I could also appreciate his concern for her. It was the only reason I wasn't firing his ass. Lorcan had stormed into the room as I blew up Mystic's phone, demanding that I tell him what the fuck was going on.
After I told him everything, he called me a stupid motherfucker and told me I was too stupid to be as wealthy as I was.
I hadn't denied it.
Then, being the best friend that he was, he had called Reagan Contreras into the room, ripped her a new one, and had fired her on the spot. He still had leverage from that thing with her and Mystic, so she really hadn't had a leg to stand on. She had cried and had begged Lorcan to give her another chance, but, again, Lorcan was dead inside; her tears and pleas had been pointless. After that disaster, Lorcan had kicked me out of CI and told me not to go back until I got my shit together.
He also told me to call him if I haven't heard from Mystic by tonight.
Now I was standing in my office, my calendar completely clean for the day, wondering where the fuck Mystic was and wondering what the fuck was I going to do if she decided to end things. Of course, I wasn't going to let her, but I didn't want her unhappy.
I turned at the sound of the door opening, and my head dropped as I saw my mother walk in. I had completely forgotten she was in town and I promised her we'd do lunch.
Sonofabitch.
"Gage, honey," she said as she walked towards me. "I've missed you." She wrapped her arms around me, and the force of her hug supported her statement.
I hugged her back and when we broke apart, I glanced down at the tiny woman and realized how much I missed her, too. "I missed you, too, Mom." To the world she was Dr. Evans or Maureen Evans, wife to Dr. Quinten Evans. But to me, she was just Mom.
She stepped back and straightened her blouse. "Well, where to?"
I let out a sigh. "Now's not a good time, Mom," I told her. "I'm sorry-"
Her brows drew down. "What's wrong?"
I jammed my fists in my pockets and told her the truth. "I suck at relationships."
The surprise on her face was almost comical. My mother and I never got personal, so this had to feel like out of left field for her. "Relationships?" I couldn't fault her surprise. I've never been in a relationship before. Mystic had been my first, was my only, and my last.
Hopefully.
"Do you remember Mystic Anderson?"
"The girl you started dating your senior year of school?" Like all the other adults in our lives, at the time, my mother thought Mystic and I had started dating the night I had outed us at Margot's party. While Mystic had kept me a secret from her parents-and rightfully so-I had told my mom about her.
"Yeah."
"What about her?" she asked as she set her purse on my desk and got comfortable.
"Turns out she's working for Cavanaugh Industries and I ran into her last week while I was meeting with Lorcan."
I could see indecision written all over her face. She was debating saying what was on her mind or falling into her maternal role and telling me it was all going to be okay. She knew the breakup had done a number on me, so I could understand her wariness.
"And?" she asked, deciding on getting more information before deciding how to parent me.
"And I don't think I know how to do this," I confessed. "I don't know the first thing about what a healthy relationship looks like, and all I seem to do is hurt the poor girl."
My mom gasped. "What does that mean?"
It was time.
It was time to stop lying to my mom, and it was time to try to move the hell on from the demons that kept me captive. I knew I'd never be able to shake the violent sex, but I wanted to try to rein in my trust issues. Deep down, I knew Mystic wasn't a cheater, but looking at my mom now, I knew she didn't think her husband was a cheater either, so what the fuck did I know?
It must have been written all over my face because her voice took on a stern, no bullshit tone. "I asked, what does that mean, Gage?"
"I accused her of cheating, even though I know she'd never," I admitted. "She was in a room working on a project with someone and I let?I let a co-worker, who's jealous of Mystic, get into my head."
She was quiet for a few seconds before saying, "Because you don't know what a healthy relationship looks like. Is that what you're saying?"
I nodded. "Pretty much."
My mother let out a deep sigh and took a seat in one of the unoccupied chairs placed in front of my desk. I watched as she smoothed her skirt over her legs in a nervous gesture. I went to sit in the chair next to her, not feeling comfortable sitting behind my desk as if she were a meeting to be had.
She looked over at me as I sat down. "I'm going to ask you something, Gage." She cleared her throat. "I'm going to ask you something and I want you to be completely honest with me, okay?"
"Of course," I agreed.
"Why do you hate your father?" I wasn't surprised by the question or the kick in my chest. I spent years protecting my mother's happiness, only to destroy it now.
Fuck Quinten Evans.
I stared into the blue gaze that resembled my own and came clean. "I don't know if he still does, but he cheated on you every time you went out of town when I was a kid," I finally confessed.
She let out a slow, steady, painful breath and I knew she was gathering strength to keep this a mother-son conversation and not turn it into a woman-scorn situation. My heart broke for her at the same time I really wanted to murder my father.
After a minute, or so she finally spoke, "When did?when did you find out?"
"I was twelve." Now it was me taking a long, deep breath. "I was supposed to stay the night at Chance's, but I'd gotten sick. His mother took me home and?and when I had gone looking for him, I had found him in his office, and I had walked in on?on?"
"On what, Gage?" 
I wanted to spare her the details, but she deserved a glimpse into how serious it was. "I walked in on him, Dr. Sorensen, and Dr. Bishop doing drugs and having sex with these three random women." Her face turned red, and I wasn't sure if it was from anger at her husband, embarrassment as the situation, or humiliation at discussing such a thing with her son. "It?it was bad."
Her words were clipped, and I just prayed it wasn't me she was pissed at. "That's why you had such anxiety issues whenever I left town, isn't it?"
I nodded. "I knew?how he was going to use his free time."
"Don't take this the wrong way, Gage, but why didn't you ever say anything?"
"I'm sorry, Mom." And I really was. "I was young enough to believe him when he manipulated me into thinking that if I told you, it would ruin your happiness. He told me that he needed those other women because he loved and respected you too much to do to you what he did to those women."
She let out barely-there whimper. "What did he do to those women?"
I shook my head. "You don't need the details, Mom. Just know that it wasn't?he wasn't kind. Those weekends were?violent and ugly."
Her face paled and her eyes watered. "Oh, Gage?"
"You had no idea, and you were always so happy that I bought into his lies and manipulations. I?I didn't want to be the one who ruined your life. I didn't want to ruin your happiness," I continued to confess.
"Oh, Gage, honey," she cried. "My happiness wasn't your responsibility, son. You never should have carried that burden. You never should have had to choose between my happiness and yours."
"Mom, I love you," I stressed. "I absolutely adore you. Your happiness wasn't a burden to carry." I shrugged a shoulder. "Yeah, I'm fucked in the head a bit and?and I don't have a healthy view of sex, but I'll always choose you over me."
Her face softened. "Then why tell me now?"
"Because while I'll always choose your happiness over my own, I'll never choose your happiness over Mystic's," I admitted, feeling torn between the only two women in the world that I have ever loved. "I love you, Mom. You're my mother, for fuck's sake. But I love Mystic beyond all reason, Mom. Ten years ago, you saw what losing her did to me. I'm not sure I could survive it a second time."
Her smile shown through her tears as she said, "And you won't."
The rest of the day was spent purging years of resentment and disappointment. I wasn't sure where her marriage was headed, but being the great mother that she was, we worked on getting Mystic back once her tears were dried.
Chapter 39
Mystic~
In the end, I'd gone back home.
Rowan had ended up taking me to a little park that led into a hiking trail. We hadn't gone hiking, but we had stayed in the Lakeside visitor center where we had eaten, drank, and enjoyed the quiet. It had been like going to a cozy ski cottage without the snow, the skis, or the cottage.
I had told her everything, and I do mean everything. Even though she already knew I had dated Gage in high school and that I had been heartbroken about it, she hadn't known the details. So, after a couple of drinks and a recap of how he had barged in on me and David to give her a clearer picture of just why I was so confused and screwed-up in the head, I told her everything from the day Gage and I had met at our lockers.
She had been shocked, but she hadn't turned judgmental. She hadn't told me to leave him. She hadn't told me to get help for my intimacy issues. She hadn't told me I was wrong. Rowan hadn't said much of anything. She had mostly listened and ordered the drinks when needed.
In the end, she had asked me if his sin of mimicking my parents was bad enough to go the rest of my life without him. She also admitted that she didn't feel as if I'd ever find another Gage, and not only would I be spending the rest of my life nursing a broken heart if I walked away, but I would also never be truly sexually satisfied. And while good sex wasn't everything, it was still rather important. She hadn't shied away from the uncomfortable topic of mine and Gage's sex life, either. She had admitted to not understanding the allure, but she also got turned off if a man's eyebrows weren't just so. Rowan chalked it up to different strokes for different folks. As long as I was safe, she didn't care.
She also pointed out that while Gage behaved like a jealous prick, I might have overreacted. Old wounds and all. Once I calmed down, I could admit she might have had a point. Yes, Gage was wrong. But wrong enough that forgiveness wasn't an option? I wasn't too sure anymore.
One thing was true, though. I was certain I'd never find another Gage Evans. And, yeah, I survived these past ten years without him, but that's all it had been. Just surviving. With the exception of Rowan, I hadn't formed any real connections in all that time. My life was a shell of existence that had all ended with Gage coming back into it. Could I go back to that again? Did I want to? The knock on my door told me my time was up, and I knew without even having to open the door that it was Gage.
After I had turned my phone back on, I had deleted all his voicemails and text messages, knowing they didn't matter. I knew he was going to show up eventually, and so whatever we had to say could be said face-to-face, not in text messages.
I took a deep breath as I walked over to the door. I still wasn't entirely sure what I was going to do, but I wasn't going to 'vanish' on Gage again. We both deserved a clean break this time around. No doubt. No 'what ifs'. Just a clear understanding of forever or the end.
I pulled the door open, and, yep, there he stood, looking just as delicious as always. It really was unfair. How was a girl expected to keep her head rational when all of that was staring her in the face?
He barged past me, but what did I expect? This was Gage we were talking about and the man took; he didn't ask permission.
I shut the door when he turned to face me, very much like the first time he had come over. "Where in the fuck have you been?"
See?
You'd think he'd be treading lightly or at least pretending to feel some remorse over his behavior earlier, but no. Not Gage.
"I was with Rowan."
He stalked towards me until he was towering over me. "I didn't ask who you were with. I asked where you were at," he snapped.
"Rowan took me to the Lakeside visitor center," I answered. "I needed space, Gage."
"Look, I get that I was an asshole earlier, I do. I get that. However, if you ever disappear on me like that again, I will hunt you down and you will regret it when I find you," he threatened.
I ignored his threat because it foolishly made me feel giddy. I was hurt, humiliated, and confused, but I couldn't deny that my feminine ego basked in the knowledge that Gage wanted me uncontrollably. I mean, wasn't that what all women wanted? I man who wanted them above anything and anyone else?
Or could be that I was just stupid.
I got right to the point. "That shit was not okay, Gage," I said, knowing he would know exactly what I was referring to.
He ignored my comment and got back to the topic that was most important to him. "I said, you will never disappear on me ever fucking again, Mystic," he seethed.
"This is bullshit, Gage!" I yelled. "You do not get to come into my house and start yelling at me like I'm in the wrong here!"
"You are in the wrong!" he yelled back.
My eyes widened in surprise. "What?"
"Why won't you marry me?!"
Oh, Sweet Jesus.
"Are you kidding me right now?" I didn't let him answer. Instead, I advanced on him and poked my finger straight into his chest. "Are you telling me today is my fault because I didn't agree to marry you last week?"
Gage grabbed my offending finger and pulled me to him, his arm coming around me, holding me captive. "Marry me, Mystic," he commanded, throwing me into further confusion.
I tried to pull away, but his hold was too strong. "Are you seriously asking me to marry you, so you can win this argument?!"
"Yes," he deadpanned. He finally relented and took a step back. Running his fingers through his hair, he said, "Of course, not, Mystic."
Christ.
We'd become this ridiculous.
"Gage, today was-"
"Today was bullshit," he interrupted. "I can admit that. I owe you and David an apology. I can own that, Mystic. But?" He let out soft, sad laugh. "You have no idea what you do to me, Mystic."
He was wrong.
I knew exactly what I did to him because he did the same thing to me.
We drove each other crazy.
"I'm not going to let you 'sorry' this away, Gage." I shook my head. "You accused me of cheating on you," I reminded him. "Forget everything and everyone else for a moment. Forget your anger at me for not agreeing to marry you. Forget Reagan's instigating. Forget David." I stepped towards him until I was looking up into his heartbreakingly beautiful face. "Knowing the things about me that you know, how could you ever think, even for a split second, that I would lay down for another man when you're the only man who has ever fulfilled those deep, dark needs inside me? No man, and I do mean no man, has ever ignited a fraction of the desire you inspire in me with just being in the same room with you," I told him.
"Mystic-"
"It is impossible for another man to turn my head," I went on. "They couldn't do it when we weren't together and you're out of your mind if you think they can do it while we are." I searched his eyes, and asked, "So, what the hell was that today?"
Gage blew out a deep breath. "Panic," he answered. "Pure, unadulterated panic."
"Oh, Gage?"
He grabbed my hand and led me over to the couch. Gage sat me down, and then took a seat next to me. His brows drew down as he said, "Here's the thing, Mystic. You think we might be moving too fast because it's been ten years since we've been together and you think we need to get to know each other again, but, to me, I think we're moving too slow."
"Too slow?" The corner of his lip lifted in a smirk that almost made me lose my train of thought.
Almost.
"Mystic, had your parents never interfered, there's no way we would have gone off to college without getting married first," he replied, completely flooring me. I mean, I knew we had been tied together in a way that was crucial, but it never occurred to me that Gage would have wanted to get married at such a young age.
"Wh?what?"
"C'mon, Mystic," he chided. "You had to have known that's where we were headed."
"Well, sure," I conceded. "Someday."
His hands reached out and hauled me onto his lap. Brushing random stray hairs back from my face, he said, "Okay, let me ask you this. Had we stayed together, do you think we'd be married now? Have a kid or two?"
"I don't know," I answered honestly. "I suppose so, I guess. Once college was finished and our careers were established."
"If we had stayed together, it's a safe bet to say you'd probably be pregnant right now with at least our first child, Mystic," he insisted.
"Okay. Maybe." He gave me a soft smile, and once again, I was almost rendered stupid. Gage had never been a big smiler when we were younger, and it always made me feel special when he had gifted me with one.
"That's why I think we're behind on this thing between us, Mystic," he said. "I lost ten years with you. I have no desire to waste another second of not having you."
"But David-"
"It wasn't about David," he said, stopping me. "It was about me. It was about me not being able to deal with real life because I hadn't been dealing with real life."
"What do you mean?"
Gage let out another deep breath. "I finally told my mom about my dad," he said, shocking me.
"What? When?"
"Earlier," he replied. "She was in town and I promised her we'd do lunch, but then that shitstorm happened at CI and she made me come clean about our fight. Or, rather, my acting an ass. I couldn't explain, though, without telling her why I reacted the way I had. Years of pent-up frustration and years of harboring my father's lies, led to my outburst." Gage leaned in and placed a soft kiss on my lips. "Baby, I know you'd never cheat on me. I know that. I swear, I do. The panic stemmed from finding you again after losing you in one of the most brutal ways. But my issues always stemmed from watching my Mom being blindingly happy in a marriage she had no idea she was in."
"Oh, Gage," I whispered. "How did she take it? How is she?"
"She took it hard," he answered. "She took it extremely hard. But then she pulled herself together and did what she always did. She put herself on the backburner and was my mom first. She listened, and then we talked about how to get you back."
"What did she say?"
He let out a soft chuckle. "She said to go after you, and she told me not to stop until I had you."
My heart warmed. "She said that?"
He nodded. "When I pointed out that her advice bordered on criminal stalking, she told me it probably did, but if fear was enough to stop me from going after you, then I really didn't want you."
"And do you want me that badly?" I whispered.
"What do you think?"
"I think you might," I answered honestly.
Gage's chuckled was dark. "Oh, baby, you don't know the half of it."
"That half of what?"
His hands cradled my face, and his blue eyes bore into mine as he said, "Of just how much I love you."
And just like that, the world stopped spinning.
Chapter 40
Gage~
Her big brown eyes immediately filled with tears and they escaped beautifully down her perfect face. "Gage?" she mouthed, surprise rendering her speechless.
It was the first time I've ever told her I loved her. It wasn't a phrase we'd ever used before, but that was because it felt pale in comparison for what I felt for this woman in my arms. I didn't just love Mystic; my soul was connected to hers.
"It's true," I told her. "I love you. I more than love you, but I don't know what that is. I just know that ten years dimmed nothing. I love you just as much now as I did when I first saw you by your locker. I knew I loved you then. I knew that whatever piece of my soul was missing, it found that piece in you. I've always loved you, Mystic. I always will."
"Always?" she asked through her tears.
"Always," I confirmed. "I never had a choice. I didn't have one back then and I don't have one now."
"Even after ten years?"
"Baby, the name of my company is Stymic Financial Holdings," I replied. "Stymic Financial Holdings, Mystic. S-T-Y-M-I-C."
I watched patiently until realization covered her entire face. "Stymic," she whispered. "Oh, God, Gage. Mystic."
"Even through the rage, heartbreak, and resentment, my love for you shined through it all." The tears came hard now, and Mystic dropped into my chest, her face tucked into my neck, and her shoulders wracking with sobs. "I remember it like it was yesterday," I told her. "Everything had been drawn up, loans secured, plans in place, the vision was becoming real. The night before we broke ground on our first property, me and Lorcan were drinking, celebrating really, and he asked me if I had decided on a name for my company yet." Mystic's sobs quieted and I knew she didn't want to miss a word. My arms tightened around her and she burrowed deeper into my embrace. "I told him I wasn't sure yet, and then he told me not to think too hard on it. That it should be simple. He said think about what you would call the most important thing in your life. What would you call the one thing that you've pour your entire heart and soul into? What would you call the one thing that's bound to consume you for the rest of your life?"
"Gage?"
"The only thing that came to my mind for every one of his questions was you. Your name was the only thing that popped into my head. If I thought I could get away with it, I would have named my company Mystic Financial Holdings, but instead I rearranged the letters of your name." I sat her up, so I could look into her tearstained face. "There has never been anything or anyone more important in my life than you, baby. It's always been just you."
"I love you," she breathed out and the force of her words felt like a slug to the chest. I'd always thought them pointless because we more than loved each other, but hearing her say the words, I knew I'd been wrong. While they couldn't accurately convey the true depths of our emotions, they weren't pointless. "I've always loved you, Gage. I live to love you."
"Good," I replied. "That's good. Because, baby, I can't live without you. I did it once, there's no way in hell I'd survive it a second time. I'll never let you go, Mystic. Ever. You need to know that. You need to know that marriage, kids, none of that matters. None of that ties us together. Your soul is tied to mine and that's why I'll never let you go. My soul only exists if it's tied to yours."
The tears began again. "I know," she whispered. "I know. I've known it since I was fourteen-years-old."
"Marry me, Mystic." It wasn't a question. There weren't any choices left. We didn't have choices, Mystic and I. "Marry me. Marry me and get off those goddamn birth control pills."
She let out a small laugh. "All of it right now, huh?"
"All of it and more," I answered her honestly. "I won't be satisfied until there's nothing left for you to give me. But even then, I'll still try to take everything you have."
"What about work?"
"That's up to you," I told her. "You can continue to work for CI, or you can quit. You can be a career mom or a stay-at-home Mom or both. I don't care, baby. As long as you're happy and it's me you're coming home to every night."
"I'm scared," she admitted softly. "It's scary to have everything you've ever wanted staring you in the face. It's almost too good to be true, Gage."
"Mystic, we've paid our due to get here. We spent ten years apart. This isn't too good to be true. This is our reward. This is our reward for managing these past ten years without each other."
"Yeah?"
"Marry me," I repeated.
Her smile lit up her entire face as she nodded down at me. "Yes."
My hands cradled her face as I slammed my lips against hers. She laughed against my mouth and I couldn't help the smile that took over.
I've loved this girl my entire life and God was gifting her to me once again. I spent my entire life knowing I was dark and broken, but I was lucky enough to find the one girl who loved me despite it.
Twice.
Mystic came to me twice in my life and there was no way I was going to fuck this up again.
I pulled back, and this time, her tears were happy ones. "I'm going to love you my entire life, Mystic," I promised. "I'm going to love you my whole life."
"Forever," she vowed. "I'm going to love you forever, Gage."
"Forever," I agreed.
Mystic bent down and she kissed me. She kissed me in a way that told me the fire that burned inside her for me would never die out. She kissed me like she was finally home.
Clothes started flying off, and soon, she was naked beneath me on the couch. I had one leg hooked over my elbow as I opened her wide. I slammed into her and watched as her beautiful body bowed and she let out a wail of pleasure.
I held still, the entire length of my cock buried deep in her, as I commanded, "Look at me."
Mystic lifted her head and met my stare. "Gage?"
"Tell me you love me," I demanded. "Tell me you love me, baby." I pushed in deeper, hitting her cervix when she didn't answer me fast enough.
Her hands curled into fists in the cushions as she yelled, "I love you!"
I slid out and slammed back into her. "Again."
"I love you. Oh, God?"
"Say it again," I snarled as I rammed my cock into her over, and over again. Each thrust deeper and harder than the last.
"Gage, I love you?I love you," she stammered, getting caught up in her pleasure. "I'll?I'll always love you."
My mind was gone and nothing else made sense. Nothing mattered but my cock inside Mystic's wet, hot pussy. Nothing mattered but claiming her. Claiming her for-fucking-ever.
Her body arched and she moaned like a fucking porn star. "Oh, God?I'm going to cum?"
My thrust became harder and deeper. I wanted Mystic's cream on my dick more than I wanted to take my next breath. "Get rid of those fucking pills," I grunted.
"O?okay?"
"Promise me."
"Anything," she moaned. "I'll give you anything?"
I leaned down and whispered in her ear, "Cum on my cock, baby. Cum on my cock, so I can cum inside your tight cunt." Her body started pulsating and I knew she was close. I also knew she loved it when I spewed filth at her. "Let me rip your tight pussy apart like you like it."
"Yes," she panted. "Please, Gage?"
"Then your ass is next," I promised darkly right before she detonated all over me.
"Gage."
Mystic's pussy convulsed all around me and I rode her hard and unyielding through her orgasm. It rocked her to the core as it released rope after rope of cum from my body. I filled her womb, and I was nowhere near being done with her.
When we finally came down from our high, Mystic looked up at me and said, "We're not going to be able to do this once we have children, you know?"
I threw my head back and laughed.
A laugh that finally, finally, came from deep in my soul.
Epilogue
Mystic - (One Year Later)~
As always, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up and I knew.
Gage was here.
I smiled, and without turning around, I asked, "What are you doing here?"
His deep voice reached my ears at the same time as his arms wrapped around my body. "Was hoping to take you to lunch," he replied as he peppered kisses along the curve of my neck.
I turned around in his arms and my arms were already securing their place around his shoulders. "And of course, I'm starving," I joked.
Gage's eyes darted towards the obstruction that made it hard to hold each other close these days. "You're eating for two," he replied. "I'd be worried if you weren't hungry all the time."
I untangled myself from my husband, so he could love on my stomach. He did it every time we met up. Dropping on his haunches, he kissed my belly before standing back up. "Mom's going to be in Chicago next week," he said. "She asked if she could stay with us a couple of days." He grinned. "I think the farther along you get, the more frantic she becomes."
Gage and I had gotten married the same week we had professed our love for one another. Four months later, I became pregnant, and I was eight months along. His mother had been thrilled and Alaric had been over the moon. When I had told him I was pregnant, he only mentioned mending fences with my parents and sister once before I shut that idea down. I no longer held the level of resentment I had for them before, however, nothing was more important than my family with Gage. I couldn't or wouldn't risk the chance that they would, intentionally or unintentionally, badmouthed Gage in front of our child. Alaric thought they deserved a chance, but I just wasn't ready. Maybe, one day, I would be. Maybe not.
"Do you think she's going to eventually move to Chicago?"
"I think as soon as the divorce is finalized, she might," he answered.
The same week Gage and I had gotten married, Maureen Evans had gone back home to California, confronted Quinten, and had moved out of their house. Quinten had begged and pleaded and had even offered to go to counseling for his sex addiction issues, but Maureen hadn't been swayed. She said there might have been enough love left in her to forgive and help him, but there wasn't enough love in her to forgive the damage he had done to Gage. She had promised him an amicable parting if he didn't fight her on it. It had taken Quinten three months before he had finally given up. We had all been kind of surprised by his resistance. After all, how could a man who loved his wife the way he claimed to cheat on her like that? But in his own weird way, I supposed he did. But even with the mutual dissolution of their marriage, they had a lot of assets and years of marriage under their belts. There was a lot to sort out.
"I can't see her leaving her patients," I replied.
Gage shrugged a shoulder. "I think once the baby comes, she might not be able to help herself."
"And your dad?"
"Will have nothing to do with my child," he insisted, his voice firm and absolute. "If Mom wants to share pictures or whatever, I won't deny her that. But he'll never be welcomed around my family." He hated talking about his dad, so he changed subjects. "So, what about lunch?"
"Let me text Rowan," I told him, reaching across my desk to grab my phone. "She was supposed to meet me for lunch in about half hour." I continued to work for CI, and I had been honest with Lorcan about not being completely certain if I was going to come back after maternity leave, but until the decision was made, I worked my ass off for the man.
"I can ask Lorcan to join us, if you want," he offered.
My teeth started nibbling my lower lip. "I don't know, Gage," I told him. "Last week I caught them in the hallway hissing at each other."
Gage laughed. "Hissing?"
"I walked up just in time to hear Rowan telling him she'd be damned if she was going to let him taint her godchild. To which he said he'd be damned if he was going to let her tarnish his godchild."
"Text her and I'll text him," Gage grinned. "We could use the entertainment."
As I texted Rowan and Gage texted Lorcan, I realized that I really did have it all. When, once, I believed I'd never find a man who was going to love me for me, I found a man whose love transcended everything I ever imagined it could be.
I was in love with the man of my dreams.
But more importantly?
I was in love with the man of my nightmares.

The End.
Acknowledgments
The first acknowledgment will always be my husband. There aren't enough words to express my gratitude for having this man in my life. There is a little bit of him in every hero I dream up, and I can't thank God enough for bringing him into my life. Thirty years, and still going strong!

Second, there's my family; my daughter, my son, my grandchildren, my sister, and my mother. Family is everything, and I have one of the best. They are truly the best cheerleaders I could ever ask for, and I never forget just how truly blessed I am to have them in my life.

And, of course, there's Kamala. This woman is not only my beta and idea guinea pig, but she's also one of my closest friends. She's been with me from the beginning of this journey, and we're going to ride this thing to the end. Kam's the encouragement that sparked it all, folks.

And, finally, I'd like to thank everyone who's purchased, read, reviewed, shared, and supported me and my writing. Thank you so much for helping make this dream a reality and a happy, fun one at that! I cannot say thank you enough.

Then there are the people who support me with so much enthusiasm, it's contagious: Joe, Kim, Heather, Esela, Myron, Desiree, and every Tuesday.

I also have to thank the following people because they've just been too sweet to me since I began this hobby. Everyone says they have the best fans, but mine are truly the best.

Sansa Bibliophile, Hannah Schreiber Tighe, MargaritaTrevino Balli Coale, Gwen DeJongh, Amy Jorgensen, Mary Cerda, Ashley Stockton, Adriana Noriega, Laty Vue, Hana A Boyce, Deanna Stapleton, Rasha El Safty, Rita Leonard, Banke Oylelowo, and Maria Johnson-Thompson

I cannot thank you enough for the encouragement and help you readers have given me along the way! Love, love, love you!!
About the Author
M.E. Clayton works full-time and writes as a hobby. She is an avid reader and, with much self-doubt, but more positive feedback and encouragement from her friends and family, she took a chance at writing, and the Seven Deadly Sins Series was born. Writing is a hobby she is now very passionate about. When she's not working, writing, or reading, she is spending time with her family or friends. If you care to learn more, you can read about her by visiting the following:


Smashwords Interview 


Bookbub Author Page 


Goodreads Author Page 
Other Books

The Seven Deadly Sins Series (In Order)
Catching Avery (Avery & Nicholas)
Chasing Quinn (Quinn & Chase)
Claiming Isabella (Isabella & Julian)
Conquering Kam (Kamala & Kane)
Capturing Happiness

The Enemy Duet (In Order)
In Enemy Territory (Fiona & Damien)
On Enemy Ground (Victoria & William)

The Enemy Series (In Order)
Facing the Enemy (Ramsey & Emerson)
Engaging the Enemy (Roselyn & Liam)
Battling the Enemy (Deke & Delaney)
Provoking the Enemy (Ava & Ace)
Loving the Enemy
Resurrecting the Enemy (Ramsey Jr. & Lake)

The Buchanan Brothers Series (In Order)
If You Could Only See (Mason & Shane)
If You Could Only Imagine (Aiden & Denise)
If You Could Only Feel (Gabriel & Justice)
If You Could Only Believe (Michael & Sophia)
If You Could Only Dream

The How To: Modern-Day Woman's Guide Series (In Order)
How to Stay Out of Prison (Lyrical & Nixon)
How to Keep Your Job (Alice & Lincoln)
How to Maintain Your Sanity (Rena & Jackson)

The Holy Trinity Series (In Order)
The Holy Ghost (Phoenix & Francesca)
The Son (Ciro & Roberta)
The Father (Luca & Remy)
The Redemption (Nico & Mia)
The Vatican (Francisco Phoenix Benetti & Luca Saveria Fiore)

The Blackstone Prep Academy Duet (In Order)
Reflections (Grace & Styx)
Mirrors (London & Sterling)

The Eastwood Series (In Order)
Samson (Samson & Mackenzie)
Ford (Ford & Amelia)
Raiden (Raiden & Charlie)
Duke (Duke & Willow)
Alistair (Alistair & Rory)

The Problem Series (In Order)
The Problem with Fire (Sayer & Monroe)
The Problem with Sports (Nathan & Andrea)
The Problem with Dating (Gideon & Echo)

The Pieces Series (In Order)
Our Broken Pieces (Mystic & Gage)
Our Cracked Pieces (Rowan & Lorcan)
Our Shattered Pieces (Molly & Grayson)

The Holy Trinity Duet (In Order)
The Bishop (Leonardo & Sienna)
The Cardinal (Salvatore & Blake)



The Holy Trinity Next Generation Series (In Order)
Vincent & Cira (Vincent Fiore & Cira Benetti)
Salvatore Jr. & Camilla (Salvatore Benetti Jr. & Camilla Mancini)
Emilio & Bianca (Emilio Benetti & Bianca Mancini)
Angelo & Georgia (Angelo Benetti & Georgia Mancini)
Dante & Malia (Dante Fiore & Malia Benetti)
Mattia & Remo (Mattia Mancini & Remo Vitale)

The Rýkr Duet (In Order)
Avalon (Avalon & Griffin)
Neve (Neve & Easton)

Standalone
Unintentional
Purgatory, Inc.
My Big, Huge Mistake
An Unexpected Life
The Heavier the Chains?
Real Shadows
You Again
Merry Christmas To Me
Dealing with the Devil
