Paladin’s Promise
(Guardian Collection)
By Olivia B. Dannon
Edited by Kathy Krick

Paladin’s Promise
(Guardian Collection)
By
Olivia B. Dannon
Copyright © Olivia B. Dannon 2014
Cover Artist: Olivia B. Dannon
Stock: http://www.bigstockphoto.com/
Smashwords Publication
ISBN: 9781310577765
Names, characters and incidents depicted in this book are products of the author's imagination, or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author or the publisher.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means whatsoever, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without written permission from the publisher/author. Printed in the U.S.A.
Dedication
To my Inner Circle Beta readers! You are three of the finest women I have ever known and I am so very honored to have you in my corner. Thank you Kathy, Lucy and Suzie, with all of my heart.
Books By Olivia B. Dannon
Paladin’s Promise
(The Guardian Collection)
Releasing summer of 2015: Heatwave

This book is intended for adult readers 18 years and older and contains adult content including but not limited to: sexual content, adult language, and violence.
Chapter One
Savannah tucked the box of uniforms in closer to her side as she hurried to the pharmacy. If she was late she wouldn’t make it before they closed.
The streets were buzzing with the news of another Picking, which was going to take place in the morning. Savannah was glad to be in a hurry as she despised having to talk about the picking of a bride for the Paladins.
Stepping lively, she dodged the crowds and slid into the pharmacy just before they flipped the sign from open to closed.
“Oh look, Savvy made it before closing this time,” Meredith sneered. Her dark eyes ran over Savannah’s clothing. Meredith was always looking for flaws.
“Mommy, will I go to the Picking?” Meredith’s daughter asked pulling at her skirt.
Meredith grinned and knelt down facing her daughter. “Yes, but not until you’re old enough. Not too old like Savvy is but older than you are now.” She watched Savannah for a response but received none.
“You see after the war wiped out most of mankind it has become our duty to marry and reproduce so that Humanity will survive.” She turned to look straight at Savannah. “That’s why our town is called Humanity. If you choose not to marry you must at least reproduce. Otherwise, you will bring shame on your family, like Savvy has.”
Savannah felt the eyes of everyone in the pharmacy on her. The anger that boiled up inside threatened to burst out in a show of hair pulling and face punching, but she couldn’t do that.
You’re too old to punch people in the face for making you angry, Savannah.
“If I had chosen to marry and said yes when Ryan begged me to marry him where would you be, Meredith?”
Meredith looked as though she might burst and Savannah averted her green eyes. She didn’t want to see the pain her words caused but she did mean to be left alone.
Meredith took the medicine she was handed by the pharmacist still glaring at Savannah. “One more month and you’ll age out. You’ll be asked to go work in the whorehouse. It’s where you belong.”
“Yes, please tell Ryan I look forward to him being my first customer.” Savannah held her gaze with Meredith’s. She hoped that Meredith would slap her. No doubt she deserved it for what she’d said about Meredith’s husband.
Instead, Meredith cried and Savannah felt horrible. “Please leave me alone, Meredith. I don’t want Ryan.”
“And that makes you the fool, Savvy. He is the only one who ever wanted you. Everyone knows disease runs in your family. Look at your brother. I heard him coughing. He’s already as good as dead.”
Savannah heard the crack of flesh hitting flesh before she even realized she was slapping Meredith. “Don’t talk about my family like that and don’t you ever say that about my brother.”
Violence of any kind wasn’t tolerated. They all knew Savannah was going to receive another stripe for her actions. People were shaking their heads. This wasn’t going to be her first time at the correction post.
“Savannah.” The pharmacist held up the medication Savannah had come to pick up. The bottle wasn’t even half full. She forgot about Meredith and reached for the bottle. 
“This isn’t enough.”
“You didn’t pay last time. I had to use the payment you gave me to pay off the credit. You still owe me for this.”
Savannah turned the bottle in her hands. “I gave you all the money I earned this week.”
“Savvy, you know how it works we must keep a balance or everyone suffers.”
“What can I give you? What can I trade to get the rest of the bottle?”
His eyes dipped down to Savannah’s bust line. This wasn’t the first time her large breasts had gained the attention of his gender.
Savannah felt a queasiness stir in her belly. “How much money?” She asked not wanting to hear his request. 
“Two pieces,” he said his brows drawing together.
Two! It should be one.
“I didn’t mean to insult you,” Savannah apologized.
Where will I get the two pieces?
“I will pay for the lady’s medicine,” a deep voice Savannah didn’t recognize said.
When Savannah turned to see who it was she recognized the uniform of the Paladin.
Savannah knew she could not be in debt to a Paladin. Who knew what his price would be to pay him back.
“No, thank you, sir.” She chanced to meet his eyes and found light blue, a very rare color. His hair was cut short with natural blond highlights in his beach sand brown hair. The stubble on his face was a darker shade of brown and ran over his masculine jaw line and his upper lip.
“I said I would pay for it.” He placed four pieces on the countertop with his purchase.
The pharmacist handed Savannah another half full bottle as she gaped at the muscular form of the Paladin who had come to her rescue.
“I will pay you back,” she said feeling breathless. “Thank you.” 
Meredith made a rude gesture with her hand as Savannah rushed past her.
“Wait,” Savannah heard the Paladin call after her, but she kept going. She needed to get him the money.
***** 
Marek watched the voluptuous Savannah rush away. She was lovely with her large green eyes, long, dark brown hair and curvy figure, but it wasn’t her looks that had gained his attention.
Savannah loved her brother. It was obvious in the way she had responded to the mean spirited woman she had dared to strike. Without a family of his own, love and loyalty were two of the most attractive qualities any person could have. Savannah had them in spades.
The women of Humanity were most often silent, obedient and married off or at least mothers by the age of eighteen. Savannah with her hot temper had avoided marriage and motherhood thus far but if the mean spirited girl’s words were true, Savannah would be twenty three in one month.
At that time she would be asked to move into the whorehouse to become with child and do her part of contributing to the failing population. If she refused she would be forced to leave Humanity for refusing to help save mankind.
Her response to be lusted after by the pharmacist made Marek quite certain she would not do well in a whorehouse. For some unidentifiable reason, Marek couldn’t bear to think of Savannah going to one.
He approached the woman who had spoken so nasty to Savannah. “I watched you provoke the strike you received. If you report her, prepare to receive a stripe as well.”
The woman nodded averting her eyes. “What is wrong with her brother?” Marek had to ask.
“He has cancer.”
Marek knew the Paladin doctors could cure the cancer. Savannah’s family needed to trade to receive the treatment. Marek figured he would simply pay for the treatment himself. He had no family, only himself on which to spend his money.
It shouldn’t be too difficult to find someone like Savannah in such a small town.
Chapter Two
Meredith had been right. Savannah’s brother, Nevada, was coughing up so much blood. It wouldn’t be long. He needed three times the dose he was receiving to do any good.
Savannah wiped his mouth for him. “I brought your medicine. It’s going to help you feel so much better.” She smiled holding out a spoonful of the medicine to him.
He took the spoonful and smiled weakly at Savannah. “Thanks, Savvy.”
“Get some rest, Nevada.”
He sighed but didn’t close his eyes.
“What’s wrong?” Savannah asked.
“I think I’m going to die.” He frowned. A tremor shook through his chin. “They’ll think Mom and Dad make diseased people. They’ll make them leave Humanity.”
Savannah swallowed the ache in her throat. “Don’t you ever say that. Do you hear me, Nevada? Just because you’re ten years old now doesn’t mean you get to give up.”
Eight years old was the lifetime expectancy they’d given Nevada when he had been diagnosed four years prior. “You know why Mom and Dad named you Nevada, don’t you?”
“Yeah, because it’s on the map of what the world used to be like.”
Savannah shook her head. “It’s because people used to go and win money in Nevada. I read it in a book. It’s the luckiest name there is.”
“Savannah,” her mom called to her. She kissed her brother’s head and he immediately wiped it off. In the kitchen Savannah’s mom and dad stood waiting.
“How much medicine did you get?” Her father asked.
“One bottle.”
The two nodded and Savannah didn’t have to be told that the doctor had not had good news when he’d come by.
“If we can get another bottle we can stop it from getting worse,” her mother said. She wiped her hands on her apron. “Do you think Asia would lend us a piece?”
Savannah nodded. “The price is two.” Savannah watched her parents embrace as tears spilled down her mother’s face. “There is a Picking tomorrow-”
“No,” her father shouted. “What good is it to build a family if you can’t be together?”
“I know, Dad. But I could visit you.”
Savannah’s mother stepped forward and put her hands up framing Savannah’s face. “You are very special, Savannah, but they won’t pick you. You’re too old. They always pick under twenty and well.” She gestured to Savannah’s bust line. “All their women are small in the chest. It is what they prefer.”
“There are rumors at work. No matter what happens you are not going to the Picking.”
Savannah looked back toward the other room where Nevada was probably listening in. “What rumors?”
“What about, Ryan? He would have you over Meredith.”
“I could never do that. I can’t believe you would even say it, Dad.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry.”
He was desperate that was what it was. They all knew it. Desperation so thick in the air it was strangling Savannah.
“I’m going to ask Asia for two pieces. I’ll be back.”
Savannah stepped out into the night and headed for the brothel where her best friend, Asia, worked.
The streets were far from quiet. All of the young women hoping to snare a husband were out flirting with all the young men. Savannah paid them little attention her mind was on the picking.
She should have defied her father years ago and gone. The Pickings didn’t happen very often and when they did, the families of the bride were promised Paladin doctors and better housing.
The time for Savannah to enter was gone. Her mother was right she would never be selected.
Up ahead there was a crowd. Doctors were coming out of the brothel with grim expressions.
Oh no, Asia.
Savannah ran around to the back entrance and went inside. None of the girls were in their rooms. Everyone was looking down at the girl on the floor. She was crying. All of the girls were in tears. Savannah drew closer and saw the cuts on the girl’s back.
“Savannah.” Asia grabbed her hand and pulled her to her room. “You can’t be in here until you work here. You could still get married.”
“What happened to that girl?”
Asia covered her mouth, something she often did when she was upset or nervous. “She got a rough customer.”
Anger blazed through Savannah. “Who was it?”
Asia looked up recognizing the tone in Savannah’s voice. “It was one of the Paladins. There is nothing you can do.”
“Someone has to do something.”
Asia motioned for Savannah to quiet herself. “No. You don’t know how it is. Haven’t you heard what they’re saying about tomorrow’s Picking?”
Savannah shook her head.
“It’s the same groom. This is his third Picking. They say something is happening to the brides he picks.”
“What?”
Asia pointed toward the other room where the young woman was still bleeding. “The Paladins do whatever they want. I heard there aren’t going to be any brides for the Picking tomorrow. No one wants to send their daughter to Paladin to be slaughtered.”
Savannah started pacing and tapping her nails on her teeth.
“What’s up? Is it Nevada? I have four pieces. There was a really generous Paladin in here earlier.”
Savannah stopped pacing. “Yes, I do need two pieces but that’s not all, Asia. I need you to make me look like a bride.”
*****
After what happened at the brothel Marek and the other Paladins had been asked to retire for the night. He had wanted to try to find the person responsible but Avidan, the leader of the Paladins, had shown up and commanded them to leave.
His son, Klaas, was to pick another bride and Avidan did not want to scare the people of Humanity by refusing to leave.
Marek had been walking out the door when he’d spotted the young woman, Savannah, running around the side toward the back of the brothel.
What is she doing here?
“Let’s go,” Avidan commanded the group of Paladins. Marek had no choice but to saddle up.
All night Marek had dreamed of Savannah. In every dream she refused his help and landed her beautiful round bottom in more trouble.
“Didn’t you rest well, Marek?” Avidan asked when Marek dared to yawn during Avidan’s speech. “Klaas has first choice in taking a bride. Each Paladin who takes a bride will consummate the marriage and take their new wife to care for.”
Klaas was sweating profusely next to him in line. No doubt Klaas feared for the safety of his bride to be. Marek might be new to level six ranking, but he’d heard talk of the two brides’ deaths. No details just the statements that they were dead.
“Does your father really think he needs to tell us to consummate the marriage? Of course we will.” Marek laughed.
“Yeah.” Klaas nodded and another huge bead of sweat ran down his face. Marek clapped his hand on Klaas’ back. “Don’t worry, Klaas. This time will work out. We’ll keep her safe.” Marek didn’t know why he said what he said. He just felt badly for the guy.
Klaas looked at Marek with wide brown eyes. “We have to.”
“We will.”
Klaas nodded wiping his brow. The team of Paladins going to the protected citizens of Humanity began to saddle up. The only entrance to the city was inside the Paladin protective wall which encircled the city of Humanity. The wall was a city in itself, housing the Paladin warriors. 
Marek planned to seek out and learn more of the lady Savannah, who loved her family and had enough backbone to stand up for them. When repopulating the planet was the only option for survival, the ideals of family and loyalty to blood tended to get lost.
The Paladins guarded the inner gate and opened them to the Legion of Paladins on horseback. They entered Humanity expecting a welcoming that wasn’t there.
It was blatantly quiet.
Marek had been present at ten Pickings or more and every one of them had been teaming with willing brides. Young women had been lined up wearing their very best in hopes to be selected.
This day was very different.
“We must be too early,” Avidan told Klaas. “Let’s give them a little more time.”
Avidan signaled Marek to follow after guiding his horse away from his son, Klaas. Marek did as he was directed.
“This is an outrage. Where are the brides? My son deserves the best.”
“Rumors of the other wives are going around. After the incident last night, I am sure their fears about us have magnified.”
Avidan leaned in toward Marek, his almost black eyes cutting, his lips drawn back to show his file sharpened canine teeth.
“We provide their safety. I don’t care about their fear. Gather up the brides, Marek. My son will choose in one hour.”
Marek saluted the head of the Paladins and turned his horse to go down the streets where the homes of the residents of Humanity were lined up.
There she was, Savannah. She was peeling a grown man off of her person who was crying and pleading with her.
The white robe she was wearing told Marek what was happening. Savannah was going to the picking. The man pleading with her was most likely her father.
Marek raised the horn and blew hard sounding all of the residents to attention. The doors opened and people stepped out to hear the announcement.
“The Picking is about to begin. I know you’ve heard rumors of wrong doings towards the last wife who was picked. Please set aside your fears. We, the Paladins, will keep our wives from harm just as we continue to protect you, the people of Humanity, from harm.”
The man who had been fighting with Savannah marched toward Marek. “No, I want your word, sir. Are you saying you will protect the bride who is picked? If my daughter is picked, you will keep her from harm?”
Marek met the eyes of this man who was in agony.
How can I deny this man?
“I give you my word,” Marek said loud enough for all of the people to hear him.
He looked out over the street regretting what he had to say. “The Paladin Klaas is picking first today. If there is not proper representation of brides from Humanity, we Paladins will be hard to appease after so great an insult.”
Marek turned to go and move on to the next street but Savannah was running toward him. Her green eyes were bright and moist at the same time. Her full bosom was rising and falling with each heavy breath.
“Thank you for promising my father. I know he had no right to ask it of you.” She opened his hand and Marek was surprised how soft and how strong her hands were. She pressed two pieces into his palm.
Marek offered his open hand back toward her. “It was a gift, not a loan.”
“Please allow me to pay you back.” Savannah turned to go toward the picking.
“Why are you leaving a loving family to go to the Picking?” Marek asked her. He had not meant for the question to come out sounding so sharp.
Savannah’s tan skin took on a pink blush in her face as she looked Marek in the face. “Are you saying the other daughters that go to the Picking are unloved?”
“I’m saying you shouldn’t go.” Marek’s blue eyes stared unblinking into Savannah’s.
“I wouldn’t want to offend the son of our Paladin leader, right?” She asked, her eyes dropping to his chest.
Marek still held the coins in his hand and they burned. He knew that Savannah and her family were in need of them. She had not had any money at the pharmacy. Did Savannah earn the pieces at the brothel?
The thought of it gave Marek a feeling he did not recognize or enjoy.
He bent lower to ask her how she had come by the two pieces but the Paladins were coming to help him round up volunteers and he did not want to draw the attention of Klaas or any other to Savannah.
Savannah hurried away and Marek prayed to God she wouldn’t be picked.
Chapter Three
Savannah hung her robe and ignored the pounding of her heart. Asia had helped her get ready and Savannah had trusted that Asia had known what she was talking about.
Standing there with the others who were slowly showing up made Savannah begin to second guess their choices. All of the other girls wore their hair up. Their dresses were low cut and nearly transparent material. 
Savannah was the only one with her hair down. She wore a white dress that was fitted at the bust line. It drew attention to how large her bust was, but Asia had sworn that the Paladins would like this physical trait even though Savannah’s mother had said the opposite.
The material of Savannah’s dress was opaque and the skirt of the dress was an A-line flow that ended just below her knees.
“Less is more,” Asia had said when Savannah had worried about the lack of skin she was showing.
There were twelve brides lined up for the Picking, but it must not have been enough. The Paladins were doing a third round of asking for volunteers. Savannah hoped they would find none. She would be lucky to even be considered with the competition she already faced.
“This one,” Savannah heard Meredith say. “She struck me. I have witnesses.”
Savannah did not have to look to know what was happening. Why she thought Meredith would let their argument from the day before go, she didn’t know.
“Is this true?” The Paladin asked. 
Savannah nodded. She turned and faced the Paladin who was speaking to her. “With so few brides, I wonder if I can receive the stripe after the Picking?”
The Paladin looked over at Avidan who paid him no attention. He was too busy being angry about the lack of brides.
“I demand justice, sir.” Meredith nearly screeched the words. 
“I apologize but I must give you the stripe now as I cannot raise a hand against a Paladin Bride.” He gestured toward the side of a building where Savannah could receive her stripe without being made a spectacle for all those who had come to see the Picking.
“Thank you,” Savannah said to the Paladin for his discretion. They stepped over to the side and Savannah opened up the back of her dress.
Meredith was smiling as she watched, her arms folded, her dark eyes greedy for blood. Savannah had not understood how deep Meredith’s hatred ran, until that moment.
Savannah put her hands against the wall and clenched her teeth. The whip made a cracking sound as it cut into her back. Savannah managed not to cry out as she hoped to have the punishment go unnoticed.
Tears ran down her face. Savannah quickly wiped them away. The Paladin approached and offered to help her with her dress.
Savannah was grateful. Her back was burning and each movement she made seemed to aggravate the injury. The Paladin stopped her to ask, “Did she strike you, Ma’am? I can give her a stripe as well,” he offered. His gaze was on Meredith and her sickly expression.
“No.”
He sighed as he tucked the whip back into his belt. “You are bleeding. Try not to stand in the front row. Maybe no one will see your back.”
Savannah relaxed her shoulders despite the discomfort. “Thank you.” She went to Meredith, who smiled at her with cruel amusement. “You know I need to be picked. If I am not chosen today, I’m coming to your house and I’m taking Ryan. I will not let my brother die.”
Meredith looked stricken. “But my children, we need him.”
Savannah did not stay to argue. She left the side of the building and rejoined the brides. Only four more had added to their numbers. Savannah knew it would take a miracle for her to get picked with her being too old and having a bloodstain all over the back of her dress.
The Paladin who had promised to protect the chosen bride was at the front with the head of the Paladins, Avidan and his son, Klaas. Marek, they called him. He wasn’t as tall as Avidan or Klaas but he wasn’t short. He had such a strong presence. No matter how hard she tried her eyes seemed to be magnetized to him.
It was too bad, he wasn’t picking a bride.
If it had not been well known that Avidan was the Leader of General of the Paladins, Savannah was sure she would have assumed the one she was watching was in charge.
She welcomed the fear and anticipation of the Picking. It helped her to ignore the pain and blood dripping down her back.
“Marek, please announce we will begin,” Avidan said to the Paladin who Savannah had repaid the coins.
Marek did as he was asked. “The Picking begins. The bride or brides who are selected will have their families given payment and the honored bride will leave Humanity, embracing Paladin Keep as her new home.
Savannah noticed that Marek never looked at her as his gaze swept the single row of brides. Was it so ridiculous for her to come to the Picking?
Asia stood in the crowd behind the Paladins. She gave Savannah two thumbs up and a big smile. She mouthed the words, “You look so beautiful.” Savannah returned her smile and stood a little taller.
“Klaas.” Avidan gestured toward the women lined up. “The choice is yours.”
Savannah prayed she would be selected. Nevada was too good a person to die so young without even getting a chance to really live.
If I get picked it will fix everything for my family, and I won’t end up at the brothel.
Klaas walked with his hands behind his back taking time to look at and smile at each bride. Savannah kept her face forward and watched him with her eyes.
He was quite tall, at least six and a half feet tall. His brown hair was cut short but still had a slight wave to it. His ears were just a little pointed at the tips and he was solid in his physique.
Klaas paused at the young woman next to Savannah, giving her the opportunity to study him further. He looked to be in his late twenties. Maybe he wouldn’t mind her being twenty three when he was older than she.
He looked at her, and Savannah tried to keep a calm expression on her face. Her desperation was sure to turn him off. He smiled as his eyes ran over her body. This always made Savannah uneasy but this time she told herself, This man is my future husband if anyone should be allowed to look he should.
Savannah was the last in line so when he turned back she knew he wasn’t going to pick her. She let her face drop forward knowing that soon she would be in tears.
Klaas had moved back two women in line, but his feet were pointed back toward Savannah.
She raised her eyes and face to find Klaas looking in her direction. It wasn’t a soft love struck look. Klaas was looking at her as if she had surprised him.
Did I offend him by bowing my head? Why is he looking at me?
She held her breath as Klaas crossed back and stopped before her. “Will you be my bride?”
“Yes,” Savannah said hoping they would make it official before he realized the eighteen year old doe eyed angel to her right was a better choice. “Yes,” she repeated when he continued to stare at her.
“Her name is Savannah,” Marek said glaring at Savannah.
He’s angry?
Klaas took Savannah’s hand and raised it with their fingers interlocked. “My bride, Savannah.”
Everyone cheered as Savannah tried to keep Klaas from seeing her back. Marek handed her a robe that wasn’t hers but she wasn’t going to argue.
“Thank you.” She put it on and pretended not to notice that it didn’t close at the bust properly.
“Your family will be justly compensated but is there any request you have for them?” Klaas asked Savannah.
“Yes. They need a Paladin doctor right away.” She did not think to hide her desperation this time.
Klaas looked at the raw need in his new bride. “Of course.”
******
None of the other Paladins wanted to take a bride so everyone was dismissed. The Paladins were to escort the new bride, but Marek wasn’t ready to leave Humanity.
He had seen the blood soaked through the back of her dress from the stripe she’d received. Marek had hoped Klaas would see it and dismiss her from the Picking but he must have missed it or had taken pity on her. 
There she is, the mean spirited wench.
Marek seized her arm in his grasp. “It appears you’re missing your stripe.”
He signaled the Paladin with the whip over. Marek was surprised he did not have to ask. The Paladin was ready to give her a stripe.
One of the Paladin doctors rode in and Marek volunteered to show him to the home of Savannah. He was not in any hurry to return to Paladin Keep, where celebrating the new bride would be taking place. Marek never had enjoyed the ceremonies. He did not care for any of it.
He took the woman to the public correction post. Many people stopped what they were doing to see her receive her stripe. Marek wondered if it was because it was the woman in particular or if they wanted to see such violence.
Marek was not surprised by the attitude of disgust displayed by the Paladin doctor. Humanity was considered to be a place of disease by most of the people in Paladin Keep.
“This is an honored family.” Marek reminded the doctor as he shied away from touching the door to knock.
By this point, Marek’s duty was done he should leave and visit the brothel or return to Paladin Keep. Instead, he stayed on the doorstep. He wanted to meet this brother of Savannah.
The woman who opened the door had green eyes like Savannah. Hers were not as large as Savannahs but the same enchanting shade of mystic silver green. She was the mother, Marek was sure of it.
“The doctor is here at the request of the new bride, Savannah,” Marek told her.
He watched as a mixture of relief and sorrow stormed through her eyes. “Please come in.” She gestured for them to follow her into the next room. “Nevada, the doctor is here to see you,” she said as she opened the door.
Marek got only a small glimpse of Nevada as the doctor stepped inside before Savannah’s mother pulled the door shut.
“Please, tell me what you know of this man Klaas? Some say he killed his last two brides. Is this true?”
“No.” Marek wiped his hands at his sides. “I can’t say I know Klaas very well. I have only just been promoted up into level six.”
Savannah’s mother was studying him in a way most women never dared. Her eyes were unwavering and there was a strong absence of fear and intimidation. “What happened to those two brides?”
“I don’t know. It happened before I was promoted. I can assure you that Klaas is devastated by the loss and security has been increased.”
The door opened and the doctor stepped back out. “Three more treatments and he will be cured.” He turned to Marek. “I need to examine the female now.”
Savannah’s mother reached out and grabbed onto Marek, taking both of his hands in hers. “She is a very special woman, my Savannah. Please, please watch over her.”
“I’ve already promised your husband-”
“Promise me. Please, promise me.”
Marek nodded wishing he had not come to Savannah’s home. “I promise.” He left as soon as she released him. Letting his curiosity at seeing what a family looked like had led him into more trouble.
The deaths of the brides were gruesome. No one knew what or who had gotten a hold of those girls.
How could he promise to protect a woman that wasn’t his from an invisible deadly threat?
When Savannah died it would be difficult for him to return to Humanity. If he was a smart man he would visit the brothel and forget these matters that were out of his control.
Chapter Four
Klaas was good enough to wait with Savannah outside of Humanity for the Paladin doctor to pass them on his way to see Nevada and the rest of her family.
“Thank you,” Savannah said unable to stop the tears. Nevada was going to live. He was going to lead a happy, healthy life. It was too good to be true.
“I am happy I was able to do this thing for you. Obviously, it means a great deal to you,” Klaas said as he led her horse by the reins.
Savannah nodded. “Yes, more than you can imagine.”
“Good.” He kicked his horse into motion and the pace quickened from a walk to a jaunt. Savannah held on to the saddle horn and hoped she wouldn’t fall off since this was her first time on the back of a horse. It was faster but felt a bit reckless.
Savannah watched Klaas sitting tall as his horse moved so she imitated his form. He wasn’t conversational on the ride to Paladin Keep. It didn’t trouble Savannah though. This was her first time outside of Humanity. Traveling the curving gravel, dirt road and seeing that the wall was even larger than it appeared from inside Humanity.
There were people lined up outside the entrance to Paladin Keep. Several of them were Paladin doctors. They appeared to be signaling Klaas over but he led their horses through the gate and passed the cheering people.
When he dismounted from his horse, Savannah could see his face and shirt were drenched in sweat. His hands were strong as they lifted and pulled her down from the saddle.
His brown eyes were over large and Savannah could see the vein in his temple pulsing. She didn’t know what he had to be so afraid of she was the new person in town and the third bride.
Avidan’s very deep voice and recognizable voice sounded from behind them at the entrance. “He’s a chip off the old block. Off to consummate this wedding. The laughter following his statement gave Savannah that queasy feeling.
“This is my chamber.” Klaas gestured to a door they were passing. “I will show you to your chamber.”
My chamber?
Klaas didn’t stop walking until they were at the other bend in the endless hallway that circled all the way around forming Paladin Keep.
“Here is your room.” He opened the door and pulled her into the room. The door slammed behind him.
“Klaas, are you okay?” Savannah’s heart was pounding, and she was feeling a lot more like running than lovemaking.
He wiped his face with his shirt. “Do you remember what I did for you? The doctor?”
“Yes.”
“Good. Because now I need you to do something for me. Take off your robe.”
Savannah hesitated knowing her stripe would have stained the dress with blood. “I need to see a doctor-”
Klaas untied the robe and slid it from her shoulders to the floor. When he moved behind her and began to undo the buttons she knew he saw the blood.
“I want you to remember what I did for you, Savannah. I saw how desperate you were for that doctor. I saved your family, didn’t I?”
“Yes.”
His hot breath ran across her cheek, his sweat dripping on her neck as he leaned in close to whisper in her ear. “Swear to me, bride you will not breathe a word of what is about to happen to anyone.”
What’s about to happen?
“Swear it,” Klaas demanded when she paused.
“I swear I won’t say anything.”
Avidan came at him the moment he entered the main hall. Marek saluted and waited to be reprimanded for not returning with the Paladins. It was surprising Avidan had spotted him with all the celebrating the Paladins were doing.
“The Ambassador of Humanity is here. Do you know why?”
“No, sir,” Marek answered.
Avidan smiled in the direction of the ambassador. The tone of his voice held no hint of the expression on his tan face. “He was told that you promised to watch over the new bride.”
Marek shifted his weight from one foot to the other. “I said what I had to, to get brides for the Picking, sir.”
Avidan stared at him for a long few minutes before he responded. Marek could see there was a lot going on under the surface with Avidan.
“It is a great idea. You will be her bodyguard. You will be with her every moment of every day unless she is with Klaas.”
“Sir?”
“If anything happens to my son’s bride you will answer for her death by following hers with your own. Otherwise, what good would a Paladin’s promise be?”
Marek had never once questioned orders. He had never considered it an option. Guarding Savannah? This was not what he spent his life training for.
How was he supposed to look at Savannah, another man’s wife, and not respond? She was a very beautiful woman.
“Her virtue will be in doubt-”
“Klaas has already consummated their wedding.” Avidan laughed. “We are a very potent breed. She’s probably already carrying his baby.” 
He slapped Marek on the back shaking his head. “You will be given leave to visit the brothel. Don’t tell me with all your training you don’t think you can control yourself.”
Marek remained at attention. “I only meant to keep your new daughter’s name free from slander. I will watch over her.”
“Good.” He stepped back pointing to the main table where Savannah sat next to Klaas. She was wearing a red dress which was symbolic of their consummation and though he’d seen it many times before, it was unsettling this time. “Protect her well, Marek.”
“Yes, sir.”
Avidan went back to drinking and dancing leaving Marek to observe Savannah. Her green eyes darted around the room from the people congratulating her and back to Klaas. The smile on her face was more like an expression of frozen bewilderment than joy.
She looked like she had no idea what was going on and the people speaking to her were using a language she didn’t understand.
Marek wondered what a newlywed was doing returning to the celebrations. If Marek had taken a woman who looked like Savannah to wife, the Paladins would have been lucky to see him again in a week’s time.
Avidan had made his way to the main table. Marek couldn’t hear what was said he only saw the flush of pink color run up Savannah’s neck and bloom across her cheeks. He kissed the top of her hand. Her green eyes stayed on him as he pressed his lips to the top of her hand.
When he straightened he signaled Marek over. Marek approached at Avidan’s beckoning. He did not want to wish the couple well. Savannah should not have been at the Picking. Someone else should have been sitting where she was.
“This is the Paladin who will watch over you. You are safe with us.”
“Thank you,” her voice didn’t sound right to Marek’s ears.
Avidan turned to his son. “I know you’re strong sense of brotherhood might have made you feel inclined to return to the festivities. We, however, understand that tonight your full attention belongs on your wife.”
Klaas did not meet his father’s gaze. He stared out at the crowd of boisterous Paladins. “Of course. I’m sorry.” From the odd stare Marek wasn’t sure if Klaas was apologizing to his father or his wife.
“Marek, take the bride to her chamber. Klaas will be along shortly.”
Marek offered his arm to Savannah, who latched onto him like a lifeline. There at the nape of her neck was the cut from her stripe.
“Why hasn’t Klaas taken you to the doctor yet?” Marek thought.
Savannah flinched when she was bumped into as they moved through the crowd. She wasn’t doing very well with the congratulatory pats on the back so Marek moved in closer to encourage shoulder pats instead.
When they reached the wide hallway, Marek led Savannah to the side of the main hall doorway. “You need to see the doctor,” he told her.
“Why?” Savannah let go of his arm and backed up a step into the wall behind her. She flinched but still looked at him with distrust.
Marek took a step back to give her additional space. “Because the stripe you received needs to be looked at. Klaas was supposed to take you to the doctor straight away when you arrived so that you would get a full examination.”
Savannah’s eyes ran over the ground. Marek could see she was trying to think quickly. “I don’t think I am up to seeing a doctor today. I am very tired.”
The woman was on edge. Marek could see she was wired with fear. Was Paladin Keep so scary a place?
“I’d like to go to my room, please.” Savannah clasped her hands together.
“I insist that you see a doctor, Savannah.”
Her eyes rose to meet his and the muscles in her face relaxed before she smiled. “It’s good to hear my name again. I don’t think I care much for Bride.” She put her hand at the crook of his arm. “I don’t want Klaas to feel he has failed me. He will be along shortly. I’ll have him take me.”
Marek could not argue with her when it came to matters of her husband. He did recognize the mask of happiness she put on. It was something the women did at the brothel.
Did Savannah learn it there?
“I saw you at the brothel last night,” Marek said watching her carefully. The brides weren’t supposed to work at the brothel before going to the Picking.
“You were there? Did you hurt that woman?”
Marek stopped walking and turned toward her. “What? No, of course not.”
“Do you know who did?”
“No.”
How did she change the direction of this conversation so expertly?
“Are you going to find out who it was?” She asked. He could see the raw outrage on her face.
Marek glanced back and noticed they were gaining some curious Paladins, who were edging closer to the doorway. “Let’s get you to your room.”
“You’re not going to are you?” She started walking, this time without holding onto him.
“It isn’t my job.”
“Whose job is it?” She was stomping up every stair they climbed.
Marek was caught up in her display of emotion as it was frowned upon and rarely ever seen at Paladin Keep. The sway of her hips was doing plenty to distract him as well. “You’re furious.”
“Yes, I am. My friend, Asia, works there and I don’t want anyone to hurt her like that.” She shook her head. “And you know what else. All of those girls are there to serve mankind in growing the population but they are people. Each one of them is someone’s daughter or sister.”
“Is she the one who gave you the two pieces?”
She looked at him squinting. “Why would you care how I got the pieces? I paid you back. That isn’t the meat of this conversation.”
They reached the landing and turned to the right. “You rudely returned a gift is what you did.”
“Rudely? I was very polite.”
“It was a gift.”
“I am a woman of Humanity, I can’t be in debt to a Paladin.”
Marek dipped his hand into his pocket and picked out two pieces. Taking her hand as they stopped in front of her door he put the coins in her hand. “It was a gift, and you are now a woman of Paladin Keep. But if you insist on feeling you owe me a debt I will consider us square if you see the doctor.”
She didn’t smile as he hoped she would.
“Marek?” She glanced around the hallway. “Why didn’t you want me to go to the Picking? Was it because of Klaas?”
Marek paused because he was enjoying how close Savannah stood to hear his reply. Slowly the weight of her question broke through. “Klaas?”
“Never mind,” she said quickly and opened her door. “Thank you for watching over me, Marek.”
He turned in toward her bedroom to ask her why she was asking about Klaas but felt like his stomach was ripped out through his belly button when he saw the blood on her sheets.
She really is Klaas’ wife.
“Goodnight,” Savannah said and pushed the door closed.
Chapter Five
Savannah couldn’t stand the pressure on her back wound from the red dress, but she didn’t want to stain another dress with her blood. Was the wound still bleeding? 
She went to the bathroom to check the wound. It appeared to be scabbing over. At least she could change her dress.
The door opened in her bedroom so Savannah pushed the bathroom door shut and fastened up her dress.
“They don’t knock?” Savannah noted. She would be changing her clothes in the bathroom routinely in that case. When she opened the door she found Klaas stripping the bed and putting the sheets in a bag.
He was talking to himself and his tone was angry though she could not tell what he was saying.
“Can I help you, Klaas?”
“Yes. Take off your clothes and get in the bed.”
Savannah watched him tuck in fresh sheets. He had not looked at her once. For all he knew she was naked.
“I need to see the doctor. Marek saw the stripe on my back.”
Klaas stopped what he was doing and turned toward her. “What did you say to him?”
His eyes were so intense she felt herself beginning to shake again. “Nothing. I said it was for you to take me.”
He moved closer his dark brown eyes studying her. “Are you sure that’s all you told him?”
“Yes. I don’t even understand what-”
“Shut up. He could be listening.”
Savannah breathed slowly trying to stay in control of her fear. “Who is listening?”
Klaas shook his head. An expression of frustration on his face. “You’ve done well. I will take you to the doctor. I will do all of the talking. You will say nothing. Do you understand?”
Savannah nodded though she didn’t know how his plan was going to succeed.
“Let’s go.” He held his hand out to her and she took it. Like it or not this man was her husband, her partner.
Klaas still had the bag in his hand. Savannah supposed he was going to take it to the laundry on their way. Thinking about the contents of the bag made her feel so confused and uneasy.
Savannah had known that moving to Paladin Keep was going to be a lot different. After all, the Paladins lived on liquids alone. They ingested a serum daily that charged their bodies into germ killing machines.
It was what made them so healthy and fit. It was also what made the Paladin women infertile. Their bodies killed any foreign agents introduced into their systems. It was why they could not get their eggs fertilized or carry a baby.
This was why Humanity the city existed. There has to be babies born outside of Paladin Keep or mankind would become extinct altogether.
No one had ever mentioned that the Paladins were so secretive. What was going on with Klaas was a mystery to her.
What had happened in her bedroom with him was unlike anything she’d ever heard of. Was something wrong with Klaas? Or was his actions expected in their Paladin culture?
People were congratulating them as they passed them in the hallway and Klaas thanked them though he was still sweating quite profusely.
At some point she hoped he would trust her enough to explain all the strange behavior he was having.
“Not a word,” he reminded her when they stopped outside the door labeled Paladin Medical unit six.
Savannah nodded and he opened the door. “Dr. Reginald this is my wife. She sustained a stripe before she was picked.”
“Nice to meet you.” Dr. Reginald offered his hand. Savannah smiled and shook it. “Do you want to be examined with your husband present?”
“She does,” Klaas answered for her.
Dr. Reginald did not acknowledge Klaas. He continued to wait on Savannah’s answer. She nodded and tried to smile.
“I need to give you a full examination.”
“No, Dr. Reginald. Please see to the stripe. That is all. We wish to get back to our honeymoon.”
Dr. Reginald turned his gaze from Savannah to look at Klaas. “It is a requirement that I examine her fully so that if she carries any virus or disease we can cure it before she attempts to carry any babies.”
“That full examination will have to wait.”
“I’m sorry but-”
Klaas kicked the cupboard. “I outrank you. You will do as I say. Do you understand? Don’t forget who you are speaking to.”
Savannah had jumped when he’d kicked the cupboard. His rash behavior was disturbing. She looked to the doctor for reassurance but he seemed just as unsettled as she was.
“May I inquire why, sir?”
“I already told you why. Fix her stripe before I strip your rank. Feel like starting back at unit one?”
The doctor nodded slowly. “I will see to her as you wish,” the doctor said bowing his head.
Klaas moved behind Savannah and he began to unbutton the dress. His hands were gentle and precise. He parted the back of her dress and stood there looking at her injury.
“I’ll treat her,” Dr. Reginald said. Klaas nodded. “Be careful with her.” 
Dr. Reginald moved into position behind her and began to assess the damage.
***** 
Marek left the moment Klaas returned. He didn’t want to hear what was about to happen again in their marital bed.
He went to get something to drink as he knew he needed to feed himself even if he wasn’t hungry. The drink of broth that had been scientifically beefed up for the Paladins came in many flavors and since Marek was raised on the stuff he didn’t know any different.
Those who came to the Paladin way of life after the age of five tended to struggle with the change. Ezra was ten when he was recruited into the Paladins. He was choking down a cup as Marek approached his friend.
“The way you gag makes it difficult for me to drink mine,” Marek laughed.
“I’m almost done.” He stared at the liquid in the cup. “Orange juice,” he said and chugged the remainder of the contents.
Ezra had been discovered outside of Paladin Keep.
His father was with him but critically injured. Ezra spoke of things like orange juice that the rest of us couldn’t comprehend. 
“Orange juice again? I thought you were going to change things up and pretend it was tomato.”
“Tomato was for breakfast.”
Marek shook his head and then took a long drink of his mushroom flavored broth. He hoped it would wash away the bad taste he kept getting in his mouth when he thought of Klaas in Savannah’s room.
“You’ve been taken off rounds. I was hoping to serve in Humanity with you. We’ve been waiting for this post for over a year.”
“It wasn’t my idea.”
Ezra grinned showing his white teeth that gleamed brightly next to his deep brown skin. “That’s not how I heard it.”
He puffed out his chest and tightened up his lips in an imitation of Marek’s mouth. “I’m your protector, fair lady. I promise to protect your sexy body from harm.” Ezra laughed hardily and Marek couldn’t fight his smile.
“That she has, brother.”
“I think you didn’t think that one through. Right now her sexy body is being appreciated by the heiress.”
Usually Marek discouraged the men from their taunts of Klaas. This time he didn’t feel like it. 
It was true enough Klaas was babied by Avidan and his wife, Virginia. He only had to walk the ground level of the wall his first year as Paladin. He’d been bumped up the ranks after that with very little achievement to back up the promotions.
Marek figured if he ever had a son he would want to protect him as well but first pick after two other brides?
He downed the cup.
Marek had no room to be angry with Avidan or Klaas. He had no intention of ever picking a bride. He would not purposefully bring anyone into the life of a Paladin.
“Hungry?” Ezra looked ill watching Marek gulp down the broth. “I’m going to Humanity. Coming?”
Marek looked up and over at Savannah’s closed door. The contents of his stomach roiled. “Yeah, let’s go.” Klaas was with her, which meant he was dismissed to do as he pleased. 
“We are supposed to stay clear of the brothel.” Marek laughed when he saw Ezra’s expression of determination. “You’re going anyway aren’t you?”
“Not for that,” Ezra scowled. “They depend on that money for survival.”
Marek watched his best friend rise up to a standing position. The poor fool was in love with one of the women from the brothel. There was no future in it.
The women of the brothel were too old to adapt to Paladin life and Paladins did not live long once they stopped taking the broth that was exclusively for those Paladins living at Paladin Keep.
“You hanging around her so much isn’t helping you to forget about food.”
Ezra shrugged. “I’m fine.”
Marek heard him sniff and looked back in his direction. Ezra always did that when he was lying or nervous. “What’s up, Ezra?”
“Nothin’. Come on.” Ezra was smiling so big Marek knew he was already busy thinking of his lady.
Marek knew he would get it out of Ezra but right then he was more interested in seeing what he could find out about the incident with the woman.
Chapter Six
They returned to Savannah’s room. Klaas closed the door and remained standing there staring at it as he spoke. “You did well. You are hungry for something by now. I will show you where you can go to eat.”
It was well after lunch time, and Savannah knew she should be hungry but her stomach was in turmoil from all the stress.
She said, “Yes. Thank you.” Anything to get herself out of that room with Klaas. She was still so disturbed by what had gone on in that room with him. Savannah was ready to go to any means to avoid it.
“You’ll need to wear the red dress all day today. Tomorrow you can dress like a Paladin.” Klaas opened the door and went back out into the hallway. Savannah considered the possibility that he was uncomfortable in her room too.
She closed the door and met him in the hallway. He walked quickly. Savannah matched his pace.
Klaas looked at her, his mouth drawn tight. “While we are trying to conceive you will eat the food Humanity eats. Six months into conception you will have to begin to conform to what the Paladins consume.”
“You only want one child?”
“There can only be one.”
Ordinarily, Savannah would wait to speak about private matters in a less public place, but Klaas was so unpredictable. Savannah proffered an audience when asking questions.
“Only one? We have to try to save mankind.”
Klaas turned swiftly and backed Savannah up against the wall with his body. He rested his elbow against the wall above her head. He bowed his head down close. His lips hovered over her neck but never made contact.
“One is acceptable. We can’t bring anyone else into this life. Klaas’ voice was wrought with emotion. His body pushed hard against hers.
Savannah had no where to go but alarm bells were going off inside of her. Would he start in front of so many people?
Would the Paladins care if he acts like he did in her bedroom?
“Okay. I understand,” Savannah said. “I’m really very hungry, Klaas.” She hoped he would release her but held her there. He deeply inhaled her scent and his mouth still hovered over her skin never making contact.
With his body so tightly pressed against her, Savannah couldn’t miss the shudder that quaked through his body.
“Klaas?”
“Let’s go.” He backed up and avoided her hand when Savannah reached for his arm. “It’s just up here.”
Just up here ended up being a fast paced three minute walk. Savannah noted the sign above the door, Humanity Kitchen.”
“I will come back to retrieve you. Take your time. Please.”
Savannah didn’t get a chance to respond because he stalked off so quickly. She let out a sigh.
My husband is crazy.
She pushed on the door and stepped into the kitchen. Four women were sitting at the round table and all looked up when she entered.
“Hello,” Savannah said and realized she didn’t know any of them from Humanity. They were older and she must have been too young to know them before they’d been picked.
They were dressed in white uniforms. Savannah figured it was probably due to honor her being picked. The traditional wedding ceremony was done away with after the big war since no one had the means to be too extravagant. There were only small signs of acknowledgement.
Two of the four women started crying, sobbing, they got up and left the kitchen. “I’m sorry. Did I upset them?” Savannah looked to the remaining two.
“No, sweetheart. It’s not you at all.” The woman with her arms folded on the table told Savannah. She and the other woman remaining both had streaks of gray in their short dark hair. The woman with her arms folded had soft brown eyes, a round face with long dark eyelashes. 
The other woman had an amber shade of brown to her eyes that were very big and beautiful. She was looking at the woman with folded arms as she said, “Watch it, Josefina. Your honesty didn’t help matters last time.”
Josefina uncrossed her arms and gasped at the other woman. “Sylvia. How could you say that to me?”
Sylvia stood up and walked over to Savannah. “Josefina has a bad habit of speaking without thinking. The others are still mourning the loss of Monalisa. I’m sure they’ll apologize when they get themselves together.”
At last a name she knew. Monalisa had been picked last and Savannah had known of the girl. She hadn’t put the pieces together though.
Monalisa was dead?
“How did Monalisa die?” She asked Sylvia.
Sylvia gave Josefina a sharp look as if to warn her not to say anything. “We’ve been asked not to speak of it, dear. Come now, what’s your name?”
“Savannah,” she answered as she thought back to the girl before Monalisa who had been picked. Her name had been Gabrielle. Gabrielle, Savannah had gone to school with.
Josefina grumbled something about rights as she got up and went over to the cabinet.
“I knew Gabrielle. What happened to her?”
Sylvia shook her head. “You’re better off learning to conform, Savannah.” She glanced at the closed door. “None of us really know what happened to either girl. Do yourself a favor and stop asking. Many of us are still mourning them both.”
Usually Savannah was quick to observe others feelings but the fear she had pushed her. “Klaas is my husband now. I feel I have the right to know what happened. Please tell me.”
Josefina smiled and pushed Sylvia aside. “Good for you.”
“Josefina,” Sylvia scolded.
“Gabrielle was very unhappy here,” Josefina said. “She was always complaining.”
Sylvia held a finger. “Didn’t I tell you? You need to adjust to becoming the wife of a Paladin.”
“Klaas was so distraught after Gabrielle’s death,” Josefina said. “Not too much for Monalisa.”
“Bite your tongue. Look at Klaas he’s a walking disaster, a big mess.”
“He is a mess,” Savannah agreed with Sylvia.
The door pushed open and Virginia, Avidan’s wife, entered. Savannah had seen her at the Picking when Gabrielle was chosen.
She had dark black hair cut short and pointed in the front reminding Savannah of a Raven’s beak. Her eyes were just as dark as her hair.
Virginia looked from Sylvia to Josefina before those dark, predatory eyes zoomed in on Savannah.
Sylvia mumbled something with her head bowed and then darted from the room.
“So you are the new bride.” She looked Savannah over carefully. “Our meeting at the celebration was so brief. You gazed at me as if you couldn’t see me standing there.” Savannah raised her brows and widened her eyes.
Did I meet Virginia?
“I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. I... Today has been so… thrilling, yet I am a little overwhelmed.”
“It sounds like you are a mess.” She pinned Savannah down with her dark eyes. 
Savannah nodded clutching her hands together behind her back. 
“Klaas is bound to be a mess. Being rushed into another marriage? He’s not properly over Gabrielle-”
“Enough.” Virginia turned her attention to Josefina.
The woman sighed. “The girl didn’t say anything wrong.”
Virginia sighed. “You’re too old to still be eating in the Humanity Kitchen, Josefina. Do not come in here again.”
Josefina grinned and Savannah wanted to cover her eyes. This show of defiance would surely push Virginia over the edge.
“That’ll scare Humanity well. Another dead wife.”
“Shut up,” Virginia snapped. She closed her eyes and inhaled through her nose before opening her eyes again. “I’d like to speak to the new bride alone.”
Josefina grabbed the package of dried potato slices and gave Savannah a wink before taking her leave.
“Josefina is the eldest wife here that is why she gets away with behaving so terribly.” She cleared her throat. “As if she would die on the Paladin diet.” She laughed. Savannah couldn’t seem to muster up a laugh of her own.
Virginia seated herself and pointed at the chair across from her. Savannah sat down before considering if she even wanted to sit.
“Klaas is very upset about the losses he’s suffered. You’re his wife. You need to cheer him up.”
“Cheer him up?”
Virginia lowered her eyes to Savannah’s cleavage. “I’m sure you’ll think of something.”
***** 
Marek was angry enough to snap someone’s backbone. The women in the brothel were too afraid to open the door to them so Ezra had to pay off the woman at the door to allow them aside.
“I don’t know why you want to come in, I tell you we’re closed today.”
“I just want to see, Maryland. I think she’ll want to see me. Just ask her,” Ezra said.
The woman shook her head. “My girls know not to get attached she may not want to see you.”
Ezra just smiled and the woman left them in the front room.
“Hey,” a beautiful young woman with long straight dark hair said. “You seen the new bride? How’s she doing?” The woman asked Marek.
“Savannah was smiling, last I saw her,” Marek answered not knowing how to answer her. 
“You’re the one that is going to protect her right?”
Does everyone know?
Marek nodded. 
“Tell her Asia said, “Hi” and listen, you better make sure nothing happens to her.”
“I’ve been warned. Thank you, Asia.”
The woman returned giving Asia the stink eye. “She’ll see you.”
Ezra didn’t have to be told twice. He went to her room leaving Marek with Asia and the lady of the house.
“Savannah is concerned for you too. Can you tell me who injured the girl here?”
Asia widened her eyes. “It was a Paladin.”
“Asia,” the lady of the house barked. “Never say such things.”
Marek wanted to argue but the young woman seemed so sure. “Do you know which one?”
“Enough. You have to go.” The lady of the house pushed against his chest but Marek wasn’t going anywhere.
Asia shook her head.
“The Paladins already came and investigated. I was promised the person responsible will be brought to justice. My girls don’t need to keep rehashing it. Please leave.”
“I’m going,” Marek said crossing the front room to the door. “I truly only meant to help.”
Marek left the brothel knowing Ezra would make it back on his own. The thought of returning to Paladin Keep seemed less dreadful. Marek wanted to tell Savannah that everything was being take care of with the incident.
He wanted to see her smile. Marek needed to see her happy. If he could see her happy maybe whatever pull she seemed to have on him would diminish.
There was rain coming, Marek could see it in the gathering gray clouds loaded with moisture. It was rare to get rain in the heat of the summer.
Marek walked the horse through the gates and decided the trek back would spend the feeling of angst he had been battling.
When the rain started Marek lifted his face to the sky as he walked. It had a way of washing away stress. It was early evening when he returned his horse to the stable at Paladin Keep.
Marek was soaked. The light therapeutic shower had turned into a storm when he was three quarters of the way back. He looked like he’d gone swimming fully clothed. 
The hall was sparse with Paladins as they were surely busy with adding to the water storage. Marek had only taken a dozen or so steps inside before he was approached by one of the Paladin doctors. “I’m fine,” Marek said but the doctor didn’t look appeased.
“You’re the Paladin watching over Savannah, the new bride?”
“Yes.” Marek’s therapeutic walk was forgotten. His heart was pounding and his muscles coiled ready to spring into action.
The doctor motioned for Marek to come with him to his office. He refused to speak until they were behind closed doors. Marek was beyond anxious by the time the door shut.
“Is she okay?”
The doctor said, “I’m not sure.” He scratched the back of his neck. “Klaas wouldn’t let me examine her. I was only allowed to look at her back. I’ve been ordered not to say anything but… my loyalties must be to my patient.”
“He probably wanted to return to their bed,” Marek said with a scowl.”
“She was clearly frightened. I could see it.”
Marek had seen it too. He didn’t wait to see what else the doctor might have to say. He needed to see for himself that Savannah was protected.
Chapter Seven
Klaas did not touch her as he led the way back to Savannah’s chamber. Savannah walked behind him this time so she could have a chance to gather her thoughts.
Was grief causing him to act so irrationally? Maybe I have misjudged him.
Virginia as a mother in law was already proving to be unpleasant. Savannah hoped to avoid any further alone time with her.
Josefina though, Savannah liked.
“After you,” Klaas said opening the door.
Savannah reminded herself that Klaas was grieving, not scary and went inside first. Klaas followed and shut the door.
“I realize you’ve suffered a great loss. We don’t have to do anything. We’re married so we have plenty of time to try to conceive.”
Klaas didn’t respond to her. Instead, he went to the closet and began shuffling through its contents. When he turned back he was holding a nude colored nightie that was short with thin straps. “Put this on… please.”
Savannah took the hanger and turned toward the bathroom.
“I think we will grow better acquainted if we play our roles. There is no need for you to change in the bathroom. I am your husband.”
Savannah couldn’t bring herself to meet his gaze. She said, “Technically we aren’t-”
“Technically the proof was already given to the doctor.”
Savannah met his gaze then. His brown eyes were wide and bloodshot. His lips were pushed forward as he clenched his teeth.
“I should have said I’m nervous to be… with you instead of saying we aren’t married.” Her heart was pounding so hard. Her body tense and rigid.
Klaas looked down at his hands and his face relaxed. Savannah realized she was holding her breath.
“Just put it on. Please.”
Savannah went to the bed setting the nightie down. Klaas didn’t step forward to help her with her buttons this time, so she was not quick in getting the gown open. 
The dress had built in support so she had no bra to shed. Savannah kept her back to Klaas as she stepped out of the dress.
“Take the bottoms off too.”
Savannah glanced back at him to see what state of mind she was dealing with but Klaas was without expression and over near the closet door.
She didn’t feel threatened as he wasn’t anywhere near her so she complied with his request and stepped out of the white lacy panties Asia had insisted she wear.
As she took the nightgown from the hanger someone pounded on the door. “Come in,” Klaas answered immediately.
Savannah plunged her hands up through the gown. The door opened with a rush of cool air running over her body as she shimmied the nightie from her shoulders down the length of her torso and over her behind.
Anger caused her to forget her fear and she turned to let it out on Klaas but Marek was standing frozen in the doorway. His clothes were wet and sticking to his muscular, masculine form. His light eyes were transitioning from surprise to appreciation. 
His arousal was plain to see with his wet clothes sticking to his impressive body. A pang of desire shook through Savannah. She knew she should look away but was so surprised by her strong physical reaction to Marek.
“Yes, Marek?” Klaas asked with his eyes on the Paladin guard. 
Marek was brought back to his purpose. He averted his blue eyes and held up his hand to shield his view of her. “I’m so sorry, Savannah.”
“It wasn’t your fault.” Savannah glared at Klaas.
“I need to talk with you, Klaas, outside. Right now.”
Klaas didn’t question it he simply stepped out into the hallway and left Marek to close the door. “Again, please forgive me.” He pulled the door closed and Savannah rushed over to listen in to their conversation.
“There is talk that you’re not taking care of Savannah,” Savannah heard Marek say.
“You saw her putting on a show for me with your own eyes. Believe me I’m-”
Something pounded against the door startling Savannah.
“I’m talking about her health. She hasn’t been examined fully. She acts like she’s afraid of you.”
“Doctor tell you that?”
“I saw how shook up she was at the luncheon. Everyone did,” Marek said. “Listen, I’m her guardian. I won’t have you scaring her or humiliating her. Don’t ever put her on display like that again.” The raw anger in his voice brought silence from Klaas.
Savannah nodded on her side in agreement with Marek.
“Are you finished?” Klaas asked after a long silence.
Savannah didn’t get to hear the rest she went to the closet and found a robe which she cinched shut and then climbed into the bed just as Klaas returned.
“I hope you enjoyed the show because I’m not doing that again,” Savannah hissed.
Klaas pulled a chair from the sitting area over by the closet and sat down. He was smiling, she realized when she saw his face.
“What is wrong with you?” She couldn’t help asking.
“Go to sleep,” he said folding his arms and leaning back in the chair.
Savannah didn’t want him to touch her or be anywhere near her so she didn’t argue with him. She rolled onto her side and fell asleep hoping Klaas spent the night in that uncomfortable hardback chair.
The room was dark when she woke. Her heart had picked up its pace and though Savannah didn’t know why she was feeling so on edge she followed her instincts and was very still.
She heard him breathing hard before Savannah made out his outline in the darkness. He was standing at the end of the bed, staring at her and breathing like he’d been running hard. His hands wiped at his face repeatedly.
What is he doing?
***** 
Marek didn’t sleep that night. 
When he had spoken with Klaas outside Savannah’s door he had been taken aback by what he’d said. Marek continued to replay the conversation over and over.
He’d said, “Don’t ever put her on display again.”
Klaas had said, “Are you finished?” and Marek had stared at him ready to knock his teeth out.
“You think you’re going to protect her? No one can protect her. Not you, not me, no one,” Klaas said and then he’d started laughing at least it looked like that was what he was doing. His shoulders hunched up under his ears shaking as he squeezed his eyes shut, a wheezing sound emanating from his person.
“Yes, I can,” Marek said in a booming voice meant to stop Klaas from whatever he was doing.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I just need to forget about Gabrielle.” He pressed the palms of his hands over his eyes. “I’m not ready for this new wife.”
“It’s too late for that, Klaas. Why did you go to the Picking if you didn’t want a wife?” Marek asked drawing back a step as tears poured down Klaas’ face.
Klaas wiped his wet mouth smiling as more tears coated his face. “Protect her, Marek. That’s your job.”
“Klaas, you need a doctor.”
“I’m sorry.” He went back inside the room and Marek stood there for a long time, dripping wet and frozen in indecision.
When he returned to his room, he changed into a dry uniform and then paced the hallway, the main hall and his room again waiting for first light.
Savannah had dark circles under her eyes and a frown on her beautiful face. When she and Klaas entered the mess hall, her cheeks blushed pink when she made eye contact with Marek. 
She was dressed in the white Paladin uniform and her hair was braided to the left and came forward over her shoulder. Savannah was gaining a lot of attention. She filled out the uniform better than any woman they had seen wearing one. She had an hourglass figure and the night before he’d seen her luscious backside in the flesh.
Her back was the same soft olive tone as her face, smooth and rich. Her round bottom would fit perfectly in his hands, it was sensuously ripe. But he shouldn’t think that way about her.
Klaas might be out of his mind with grief, but he was still Savannah’s husband.
“She just blushed when she looked at you, Marek. Klaas is going to have to keep an eye on her, isn’t he?”
“That’s my job,” Marek answered Ezra as he stood up.
Ezra put his hand on his shoulder. “Hey, don’t rush at her. Klaas will remove you as her bodyguard.”
“I’m going to see Avidan.”
“Why?”
Marek leaned in closer to Ezra so he wouldn’t be overheard. “Klaas is mentally unstable. He needs help.”
“Whoa, you can’t tell him that.” Ezra pulled Marek back down next to him as he looked around and then smiled adding a laugh to dismiss the attention his sharp tone had brought. “Haven’t you noticed everyone around Klaas dies?”
“I think that has to do with Klaas.”
“That pansy? Hold up, I’ve been at rank six longer than you. Those women aren’t the only mysterious deaths. Just lay back and observe for a bit. Trust me.” 
Marek shoved Ezra. “When were you going to tell me that?”
“It’s dangerous information.” Ezra socked Marek in the arm. “Here they come.”
“Marek, my bride needs to learn Paladin Keep. She needs to make the necessary adaptations. I want you to help her.”
“Where are you going to be?” Ezra asked Klaas.
Marek stood up. “I’d be happy to help, Savannah.”
Klaas nodded and then walked away leaving Savannah with Marek, Ezra and the rest of the Paladins, who were drinking their breakfast.
Savannah barely met Marek’s eyes before looking away. She seemed to be avoiding direct eye contact at all costs. Marek grinned knowing it would wear off as the day went on. “Savannah, this is my friend, Ezra.”
“Nice to meet you.” She nodded with her arms crossed tightly over her chest. Ezra scooted over. “And you, Savannah, why don’t you sit with us and let Marek finish choking down his breakfast?”
Savannah sat down next to Ezra and Marek sat on the other side to her left. “Does it taste awful?” She asked Ezra looking into his large cup.
Marek watched her green eyes grow with curiosity. “I guess you’re used to it though.”
“It grows on you,” Ezra lied.
Marek started to laugh but caught himself. He finished his drink and the Paladins grumbled across from him.
“What’s your hurry, Marek?”
Marek saw their dumbstruck gazes and scowled at the trio across the table. “Behave yourselves,” he warned.
“Ezra, you’re making stuff up,” Savannah was saying. “I’ve done a lot of reading about before the war. I’ve never heard of a melon made of water.”
“No. That’s just what it’s called, watermelon. It’s sweet and very moist with refreshing juice and crisp at the same time.”
Savannah looked at Marek with an eyebrow raised. “He’s pulling my leg.”
“I’d like to,” the Paladin straight across from Savannah said.
“Shut up. She’s married,” Marek said to him. “Have some respect.”
Savannah leaned forward. “You look like a nice enough guy. Why don’t you go to the Picking? This place could use some more women. I’ve only seen a handful since I arrived.”
The table got real quiet and the Paladins averted their eyes away from Savannah as Marek knew none of them wanted to be the one to break it to her and shatter the illusion of the greatness of living at Paladin Keep.
“Did I hurt your feelings?” Savannah took his hand in hers. “I’m so sorry.”
Poor Gill turned a shade of bright red. He wasn’t ranked high enough to go to Humanity yet and had no chance of surviving a woman like Savannah’s full attention without embarrassing himself.
He shifted uncomfortably and the other Paladins began to laugh. Marek reached over and removed her hands from Gills.
“What’s funny?” Savannah asked Marek seeing the smile on his face. Gill was nearing a shade of purple so Marek spared him. “I’ll tell you later.”
“It was such a pleasure to meet you, Savannah.” Ezra smiled.
Savannah smiled. “I’m sorry I said the wrong thing.”
“Savannah, you just made my year. Please don’t apologize.”
Marek took hold of her elbow. “Okay time to go, I think.” He gave Gill a pointed look and said, “Married.”
He escorted her from the eating hall and started them toward the Humanity kitchen.
“Where to first?” Savannah asked her arms tightly folded again.
“Breakfast for you.”
Savannah stopped walking. “I already ate. Maybe a tour?” Savannah tensed up and stepped in close to Marek as she looked past him at someone else.
“Look the new bride,” Virginia said as she approached. “Klaas just passed by a little while ago.” She looked at Marek, her dark eyes traveling up and down his body. “He wasn’t very cheerful.”
Marek drew his brows together as he considered Virginia. She had seemed nice, but he had only ever known her from afar. “Maybe he should see a doctor if he is unwell, Ma’am,” Marek said.
Virginia shook her head with her chin leading her face. “All he sees is a willing wife. You are willing aren’t you, Savannah?”
Savannah nodded. “I understand my responsibilities.”
“Wonderful.” Virginia grinned, her white teeth a stark difference to her dark eyes. “Marek, keep a sharp eye on this one. Look at her hips. She’s meant to bear many of my grandchildren.” Savannah’s green eyes rounded and Marek stifled a laugh. Virginia walked away whistling to herself.
“You have a handful for a mother in law,” Marek said.
He could see it in Savannah’s eyes how much she wanted to add to that statement. She simply nodded.
Her behavior was so different to the hot tempered young woman he’d met in Humanity.
Was Paladin Keep already sucking the individuality out of Savannah?
A side glance told him she wasn’t any different, she was just holding it all in. This gave Marek a wicked idea.
“Virginia is right. You really need to start popping out some babies.”
She looked at him with a scowl but quickly wiped it away when he looked at her. “This is my second day here.”
Marek shook his head. “Klaas did seem pretty sour.”
“I’m doing the best I can with Klaas,” Savannah said picking up her pace. She was getting pink around the cheeks and the tops of her ears. Good. Savannah needed to find her voice again.
Chapter Eight
Marek had been poking at her all morning. Was he angry with her because of what he had walked in on the night before? Was he mad because he didn’t want to be her bodyguard?
“I’ve shown you your way around all the areas you are allowed to go into. Now it’s time for you to make the necessary adaptations like your old man said.”
“Fine,” Savannah said even though she would much rather go and find a place to take a nap. Klaas had scared her good enough. She had not slept the rest of the night after she’d found him staring at her.
Nevada needed more treatments before he was cured and apparently Gabrielle had died after making a fuss about how she was unhappy.
Savannah knew she needed to keep herself in check. Even with Marek’s unceasing jabs she had to keep her cool.
“Well, you’re already in uniform so now it’s time to see to that mop of yours.”
Mop?
“What’s wrong with my hair?”
Marek squinted at her. “It doesn’t quite say Paladin Keep. It says… brush me.”
Savannah dug her nails into the palms of her hands. “My hair is fine.”
“I guess if you don’t mind all that frumpy mess.” Marek rocked back on his heels. “We don’t want to sadden Klaas. He said necessary adaptations.”
Savannah grabbed the end of the silky braid of her hair. “I was told cutting my hair would be optional.”
“Have you seen any of the other women taking that option?” He hooked his hand around her bicep. “Let’s go and get this mop seen to. Am I right?”
“Well.” Savannah licked her lips. “Is it really necessary?”
“Don’t you think so?” He stopped and pushed open a door that had a symbol with scissors and hair on it.
Marek led her through the door and the hair attendant showed them to an open chair.
“What long hair,” the attendant said, eyeing her braid. “I assume you’ve come for a haircut.”
“A trim is all,” Savannah said gripping the armrests.
The hair attendant frowned at her. “Mrs. Klaas-”
“Savannah, please.”
“Savannah, I’ve been doing this a long time. The brides always try to hold on to their long hairstyles but it doesn’t last.”
She waited for Marek to chime in and agree, but he didn’t.
The attendant brushed out the braid for her. “Your hair is very beautiful. I can see why you want to keep it.”
Marek met her eyes in the mirror. He reached forward and picked up the scissors from the counter top. “Just chop it off. No point in putting off the inevitable.”
Savannah moved to the edge of her seat, her back flexed in rigid posture. She loved her hair. It was in fact the only feature she truly was proud of.
When her figure wasn’t what it “should” be, when her temper was short, her opinions too selfish, her lips too big, her hair was beautiful.
The attendant took the scissors from Marek and Savannah shot up onto her feet. “I’m keeping my hair.”
“But-” the attendant started.
“It’s my hair. Not Klaas’, not yours or the property of Paladin Keep. I am keeping it.”
To her surprise she caught the suppressed smile on Marek’s face. He nodded and gestured toward the door. Savannah tried to straighten her uniform as she would a shirt but the thing was too tight.
Raising her chin she marched out of the hair chopping shop and back into the massive hallway.
“It’s about time you start acting like yourself again,” Marek said smiling fully by that point. His blue eyes alive with pride and amusement. 
Savannah glared at him. “You’re the one leading me around telling me to conform.”
“That’s what I’m supposed to do.”
“Pat yourself on the back then. You aren’t going to get any compliments from me. You’re annoying, rude, and intrusive. Do you know that?”
Marek didn’t even have the decency to get angry. He just laughed.
“Okay, I’m done for today.” Savannah started for her room. At least she thought she had. Marek didn’t stop her. He just followed along and Savannah refused to ask him for any help.
“The hallway goes in one big circle doesn’t it? Well, I’ll walk all twenty miles.” She thought at first but then after a ways and still no recognition of where she was, Savannah leaned against the wall.
Marek joined her. “Do you feel better?”
“No. I’m exhausted.”
“Late night, I guess,” Marek said in a dry tone she couldn’t read into.
Savannah remembered him coming in and seeing her from the back fully nude. Her cheeks were burning again, especially as she remembered how he had looked standing in the doorway dripping wet, his eyes drinking her in with such heat.
Why couldn’t she have been picked by Marek?
“I don’t want to talk about last night,” she said turning her face away from his. “Honestly, I’m going on no sleep for forty-eight hours. Plus, this has all been very stressful. Please, can I sleep?”
“I am supposed to take you through volunteer stations sometime today. I think we’ll both get in trouble if I take you back to your room now. But I’ll take you if you want to go.” 
Savannah clicked her tongue inside her mouth as she considered what he said. “What kind of trouble?”
“I don’t know,” Marek said. “No one has ever disregarded orientation and gone to sleep before.”
With a sigh Savannah nodded. She couldn’t afford trouble. What if they didn’t give Nevada the rest of the medicine or they left her family in the poorer part of town. “Where to next?” She asked.
Marek nodded. “We’re off to watch your mother in law.”
“What?” Savannah didn’t follow him as he started walking.
“Come on,” he laughed.
Savannah’s stomach growled and she was glad Marek was too far ahead of her to hear it. She had lied about getting breakfast. She had hoped to avoid seeing Virginia.
That plan was a bust.
Savannah followed Marek and was surprised when he brought her to a room with chairs facing a large screen.
“Virginia made an informational movie for the brides.”
“Oh.” Savannah smiled. She took a seat and was further surprised by how comfortably plush the seats were.
Marek turned off the lights and started the movie. He sat down on Savannah’s right as Virginia’s image came up on the screen. “Hello, new bride.” She smiled. “It’s time to decide where you will donate your time. Will it be with clothing?” She held up a white uniform. “Food preparation, Armory, Health and Wellness?” She dropped the uniform into a basket with a shrug.
“I’m getting ahead of myself. We should really take a look at each area before you take the plunge into dedicating your time….”
Savannah didn’t know if it was the tone of Virginia’s voice or the lack of sleep but she couldn’t concentrate.
The room was cold, which helped Savannah stay awake but wasn’t comfortable. She edged closer to Marek, who was radiating heat. There was a question she’d been wanting to ask him all day, but he’d been so obnoxious she hadn’t. Plus, it might remind him that he’d seen her naked. She decided it didn’t matter and asked anyway.
“When you went to Humanity last night, did you go and check out the brothel or see anyone in my family?”
“How do you know I went to Humanity?” He asked.
“You were dripping wet. I assumed. Am I right?”
Marek looked her in the eyes then and she quickly faced the screen. His blue eyes were so intense. They were mesmerizing and piercing all at once. She didn’t want to look into them and see the indifference to what he’d seen when he had walked in on her naked. She rather preferred the look of admiration he’d worn in the moment.
“Asia told me to tell you hello, to keep safe, and she misses you.”
***** 
Sitting in the dark cold room was probably the worst idea for Marek and Savannah. The light from the screen illuminated Savannah perfectly for his view. The chill in the room brought the rosebud tips of her ample breasts to display and the image of Savannah from the night before went to the forefront of his mind.
His shaft hardened and strained against his pants. Marek scolded himself for his lack of control and resituated himself in the seat.
Think of her like you would a little sister, Marek, he told himself.
Savannah scooted closer in his direction and even turned her beautiful, full breasts toward him. Marek’s mouth watered at the thought of taking one of them deep into his mouth right through the too tight uniform she wore. 
Nope. Not possible, Marek.
She turned to look at him. Knowing she would see the lust in his eyes, he turned his face fully toward the screen and Virginia’s instruction.
He barely heard her question as he pushed those thoughts away or tried to push them away. “How did you know I went to Humanity?”
“You were dripping wet. I assumed. Am I right?”
Marek looked at her then searching out her eyes, but they were on the screen.
She had noticed that he was wet when she was being put on display by Klaas? What did that mean?
“Asia told me to tell you hello, to keep safe, and she misses you.”
Savannah’s rare green eyes lit up as they met with his. “You saw her? Did you find out who hurt that girl?”
Marek heard himself say, “I’m working on it,” committing to it when he hadn’t intended to do so. How could he not? Savannah was so beautiful, not because her figure was a perfect sensual hourglass though it was, or because her full pink lips demanded a passionate kiss, or even because those green eyes with long dark lashes fluttered in a come and get me call. It was her innocence, passion and sincerity.
She was unlike the women he’d known at Paladin Keep or at the brothel. Marek knew the things that made her special wouldn’t last. Paladin Keep would force her to conform, and Savannah with her beautiful smile and hot temper would fade away.
“You look so sad, Marek. Is it very hard to find the man who did this?”
Marek remembered himself and cleared his face of any emotion. “I can’t say. I’ve only just begun.”
Savannah put her hand on his. It was warm, slender and strong. “Thank you,” she said looking at him as though he had done something truly great for her.
The urge to kiss her and touch her was overwhelming. “You better watch this. Virginia will ask questions once she knows you watched it.”
Savannah laughed squeezing his hand before releasing him. “She wants to hear about her stellar performance I bet,” she laughed again as she turned her attention back to the screen.
This is all wrong.
How was he going to protect her when his man member was doing all the thinking for him? Savannah belonged to Klaas.
Marek tried to create a little distance between them by scooting to the far side of his seat but Savannah just followed him.
“It’s cold in here,” she said hugging herself as she met her shoulder to his. He was beginning to think he would have to wait outside the door so he wouldn’t forget his duty and try those pink lips out for himself.
Then Savannah’s head started to bob as she fought to stay awake. Virginia would screech like the blackbird she resembled if she saw the long yawns and drooping eyes of her new daughter as she watched Virginia’s movie.
Her head began its slow descent until it rested on his shoulder. He could look at her freely with her being asleep, but he found watching her face was all he wanted to do.
She had darker shadows under her eyes than he’d realized. Klaas should be making sure she was getting proper rest.
Her plump pink lips pouted out in a tiny frown, in an adorable expression Marek was sure she could use to her advantage if she was aware of it.
A chill ran through her and she frowned deeper before hugging his arms and cuddling up closer against his side.
What must it be like to have a woman as warm, open and loving as Savannah? Screw Klaas!
Marek freed his arm and wrapped it around Savannah gathering her in close to his side. He enjoyed the feeling of having someone to hold.
When the movie ended he would remember she wasn’t his but there in the dark with her in his arms he could pretend otherwise.
Besides, Savannah needs to rest.
The lights came on and someone started toward them. Marek removed his arm and gave Savannah a pinch to wake her.
“I need a moment alone with the bride,” Avidan said as he came around the front row where they sat.
Marek sat up straight. “Your orders were to stay with her unless released by Klaas, sir.”
“Fine. Stand by the door,” Avidan barked and Savannah jumped at his side. He wasn’t quite ready to stand without showing evidence of his aroused state, but he couldn’t disobey Avidan.
Standing he went to the doorway and strained to hear but only picked up bits and pieces of what was being said.
Chapter Nine
“If you’re doing your duty as his wife, why is he at the brothel?” Avidan asked almost immediately.
Savannah wiped her mouth hoping she hadn’t been drooling in her sleep. “I’m sorry?”
Avidan leaned in closer lowering his voice further. “You are his third wife and still no children. He went to the brothel this concerns me, dear. You two are expected, no required to make babies. You understand that right?”
Since she had sworn she wouldn’t tell anyone that they hadn’t consummated the marriage she wasn’t sure how to respond to Avidan’s questions.
“He’s still suffering from his loss of his former wives.”
Avidan patted her hand. “Dear, if that were true, why is he at the brothel?”
Savannah frowned. “Maybe you should be having this conversation with Klaas.”
“He’s a man. All he needs is to feel welcome in your bed. I know he isn’t an easy man, I know he has faults. He’s my son. I do know if you love him he will become a strong, better man. He needs you.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
Avidan nodded. “I’ve been informed Nevada is getting his second treatment. I am so glad we can do this great thing for you and your family.”
Savannah nodded, pressing her fists into the seat at her sides. “I’ll do my best to be a good wife to Klaas.”
“Wonderful.”
He stood up gave her a nod and then walked up the aisle pausing to say something to Marek before exiting.
Exhaling Savannah reminded herself that she’d survived difficult times before. Things were going to get easier.
“Your in-laws are very involved,” Marek stated coming toward her. “Do you want to finish the movie?”
Savannah shook her head. “I’ve already worked in clothing back in Humanity. I’d rather learn a new trade. Armory sounds interesting.”
“Armory?” Marek repeated raising his eyebrows at her.
“Yes.” She stood up. “Not only will it be interesting but it could come in handy.”
Marek didn’t say anything but she could tell he disagreed with her choice.
Too bad.
She was the one in the hot seat. Learning to make weapons could help her to protect herself. “Is that where we’re going next?” Savannah asked.
Marek looked at his watch. “We’re late for lunch. You must be hungry.” Savannah nodded absently, her thoughts were on the things Avidan had said.
It was beginning to make sense why his parents were so pushy. Just as Nevada’s illness had reflected poorly on Savannah’s family, Klaas’ failed marriages on top of there being no children had to be reflecting poorly on Avidan and Virginia as well as Klaas.
They had rescued her family from shame the least she could do was hold up her end of the agreement. If she was lucky the brothel would get Klaas past whatever funk he was in.
Just before they left the movie room Savannah caught his arm. “Thanks for the needling today. I owe you one.”
Marek chuckled in a way that told her he was looking forward to her payback.
“Don’t you need to eat?” She asked as she walked along side him in the hallway. 
“I’ll have someone bring me something.” Marek was scanning the hallway as they walked and Savannah realized he really was taking protecting her seriously.
When they stopped outside the Humanity Kitchen, Savannah looked up at him with his serious Paladin Guardian expression and said, “Thank you for watching over me.”
His expression didn’t change. He gave her a slight nod, and she was surprised to see the discomfort in his stance as he shifted his weight from one foot to the other.
“I’ll be quick.”
“I’ll be right here.” His blue eyes connected with hers and Savannah’s breath caught, as a nervous smile stole over her face. 
Where did that come from? Marek is just doing his job, Savannah reminded herself.
Josefina, Sylvia and one other woman with brassy red hair sat at the circular table. They weren’t eating, just chatting.
Savannah was starved so she gave the group a quick smile when they turned at her entrance and then darted to the cupboards.
The group of women stopped talking and watched her as she scanned the pre-wrapped items. There were lots of dried fruits and vegetables, but Savannah was hoping for something fresh or sweet.
She opened the refrigerator and saw a big bowl of banana pudding on the top shelf. Protein would be a better choice but she was so hungry. Savannah didn’t have the patience to keep searching.
Removing the bowl she was tempted to get a spoon and polish off what was sure to be a gallon of banana pudding.
Instead, she ladled a generous portion into a smaller bowl, found a spoon and sat down at the nearest table. Savannah shoveled three big spoonfuls into her mouth and swallowed with a little relief that she wasn’t going to starve to death.
“There you are, Vannah,” Virginia said coming into the room and seating herself across the table. Savannah took another big spoonful into her mouth as she wasn’t in the mood to talk with Virginia.
“Avidan told me that the two of you had a very productive conversation.”
When did he have the time to tell you that? I just saw him.
Savannah nodded as she continued to dent the bowl of pudding.
“I’ve arranged a beauty treatment for you.” Virginia nodded when Savannah looked at her. “You’re going to love it. Your whole body will be as soft as a brand new baby’s bottom.”
That sounded not too terrible or image altering. Savannah nodded her agreement. “Thank you,” she said.
“And something else. Just one little thing really.”
“What is it?” Savannah set down her spoon. She could see by the quick glance toward the other table Virginia gave that this something else might be something big.
Virginia leaned forward. “The jumpsuits don’t fit you correctly. They aren’t designed for your body shape. I put a dozen dresses in your closet. They will suit you better and if my fickle son’s mood strikes him, the dress will give him easier access.”
Savannah felt a little sick at that last factor of wearing a dress, but otherwise she agreed about the jumpsuit. Her breasts were on the verge of breaking free, and it was the same case with her derriere.
The jumpsuits were made for people who hand no curves at all. Or at least less than she possessed. “I’ll try out the dresses,” Savannah said and took the bowl and spoon to the sink. She pressed the clean button and the spout shot hot soapy water and steam over the dishes.
When Savannah turned back Virginia was gone.
Josefina and the other women were watching her. Savannah approached them since she was no longer starving and felt more herself. “I’m Savannah. I didn’t get to meet you yesterday,” she said to the woman who had fled the room the last time she’d seen her.
“I’m not looking to get attached to another bride who isn’t going to last. Sorry.” The woman didn’t stay to discuss her horrifying statement. She stood and left.
Sylvia patted Savannah’s hand. “Rosa is dramatic. Don’t listen to her.”
“How are you holding up?” Josefina asked.
Savannah sat down in the vacated chair. “I’m really tired.”
“The last bride was very tired too,” Josefina said.
Savannah turned in her seat toward Josefina. “Did she say why?”
Sylvia sighed. “This conversation can only lead to trouble.”
“Not until right before the end. She said she kept finding herself restless and Sylvia noticed Band-Aids.”
“Band-Aids?” Savannah asked.
Sylvia’s eyes got big and she pushed at Josefina. “They were small and probably unrelated.” Sylvia looked into Savannah’s eyes. “I know it’s scary coming to a new place. Josefina and I are only permitted to do a half days work now that we’re both in our sixties. We get bored.”
“You get bored,” Josefina huffed.
“We don’t know what happened with those young women. We are keeping our eyes open mind you. I do want to say this, if anything strange is going on, you need to tell someone. Confide in someone you can trust.”
Josefina nodded slowly.
The two women were right but she wouldn’t trust them. They were blabbermouths. That much was clear.
Who can I trust?
Chapter Ten
Marek could see Savannah had gotten a second wind. He’d seen Virginia enter and leave the Humanity Kitchen. Hopefully she hadn’t insisted on grandchildren again. Avidan and Virginia were fanatics on the subject.
She was pensive as they walked back to the Hygienic source. “Enjoy,” Marek said as she was swept into a side room.
Marek knew it was where laser treatments took place. Savannah gave him a ghost of a smile as she was led from his sight.
He heard from Ezra the brothel was open again and that Klaas had gone in as soon as word spread that it was open. Marek was surprised to realize he was happy at that news. It meant that Savannah hadn’t let Klaas have his way with her after he had disrespected her the night before.
Good for you, Savannah!
“Excuse me,” the doctor from the other night interrupted his train of thought. “You left last night. What did you learn?”
Marek scanned the area to see if anyone was listening. “You need to be more careful, Dr. Reginald. Klaas is protected by his family. You can’t just ask me in public-”
“Is the girl alright?”
“As far as I can tell. Klaas on the other hand… he needs psychiatric help.
Dr. Reginald nodded. “I want to examine the girl and make sure she’s physically well.”
“You told me yourself that Klaas doesn’t want her examined.”
“So find out why or bring her to me. You’ve taken her all over this place and no one thinks twice. So make me part of the tour.” His watch began lighting up as he spoke. He glanced at it, pressed a button and gave Marek a nod before leaving.
How am I supposed to get Savannah to agree to go against her husband? She’s not going to start confiding in me why Klaas doesn’t want her examined.
After all the prodding and poking he’d done to get her to fight back, Savannah wasn’t going to take his suggestion seriously.
Armory?
He still couldn’t believe a sweet girl like her would want to go work in a hot, labor intensive place like the Armory. Sure her hot temper might bring out her claws, but otherwise she was gentle, like the way she had been with that over eager Gill. 
Marek couldn’t help but admire her bravery in jumping into such a hard position.
He moved a chair over next to the door and sat down. Remaining stationary wasn’t easy. He still needed to work out the energy surge Savannah had inspired in him with her perfect soft bosoms and alert nipples.
He needed to get to the brothel before his attraction to her beautiful body made him forget or completely disregard the fact that she belonged to Klaas.
It was a cruel twist of fate that had allowed him to meet a woman like Savannah and then almost instantly take her away. He wasn’t supposed to have been in the pharmacy at all but he had been. There was no going back and erasing the moment when he had been captivated by Savannah.
*****
“You’re going to feel like a new woman,” Fabian promised. “Virginia paid for everything. All you have to do is enjoy.”
Savannah raised her eyebrows. “You said lasers. That sounds… not gentle.”
Fabian scratched behind his right ear. “It’ll be worth it.”
“What? So then it is going to hurt?”
“There may be slight discomfort. You know they say beauty has a cost.”
Savannah wanted to back out, but she knew it would be an insult to decline her new mother in law’s gift. “Okay, let’s get this over with,” she said no longer as excited for the so called beauty treatment. 
“I’ll step out and you disrobe. Once you are completely naked you need to step inside this closet and select which areas you wish to have permanent hair removal. Be brave, Savannah, you’ll love the results and the price is quite high. You may not get this opportunity again.”
“Terrific. There is a lot of pressure living in this place, isn’t there? Is hair on a woman’s body really so terrible?”
Fabian laughed. “You are a beautiful woman, Savannah. You can’t make a wrong choice in there and it shouldn’t be for your husband. If it is going to make you feel good about yourself then you should do it, right?” 
She smiled. “Yes, that’s right. Thank you, Fabian.”
“I’ll return once the light indicates you are inside the box. If you have any questions I’ll be just outside the door.” He closed the door as he left. Savannah disrobed and then stepped inside the box that surrounded her with mirrors. 
Savannah had never looked herself over so thoroughly. 
Not too bad.
Her behind was a little bigger than she had thought but at least it wasn’t dimpled or saggy. She thought of Marek and what he’d seen when he’d been invited in by Klaas. Savannah fought off her smile, biting her lower lip as she thought of the look he’d had on his face. 
It was strange that she liked how she’d felt when Marek looked at her. Usually she felt sick inside when men looked at her. Maybe it was the way he looked at her that made the difference.
“Are you okay in there?” Fabian asked from outside the mirrored closet.
“Yes.”
Stop thinking of Marek, Savannah. You’re a married woman.
“An avatar of you will appear in the mirror in front of you. Tap the section you would like to have hair removal and it will zoom in for your detailed selection. If the section you’ve tapped turns red it is selected for hair removal.”
Savannah nodded with a half grin. He sounded like he’d said the same thing many times, his voice was almost robotic. 
Savannah went through the selections and ended up choosing quite a lot. If this meant she would never have to shave again why not cut out the work? She shaped her eyebrows, selected her arms, armpits and all the little embarrassing spots women don’t want to get hair just in case it was coming with age. 
When she reached her vaginal area, she hesitated. She didn’t want to be bare there, it was a sign of her maturity. It would feel too bizarre to be without any. Giggling she picked the shape of a heart to remain.
“Wow, Savannah. You got brave in there,” Fabian said and Savannah blushed realizing he was seeing her selections. “You are going to love this and so is Klaas.” 
“Okay, thanks.” Savannah’s face was burning so hot she wanted to fan herself but didn’t know if the lasers were going to come on and shave off her fingers. 
The lights brightened up to an almost blinding level. “I am going to initiate the current that will hold you still and then the lasers will remove the hair. This will only last a few seconds.”
A current? Will I be able to breathe?
Before Savannah had the chance to ask her questions an electrical current shot through her body. It felt like she’d been drenched in freezing water only the feeling wasn’t subsiding. The lights began to change colors as her skin felt as if it were being set on fire in every place she’d selected.
Holy shit, are you kidding me?
The lights went from red to green, purple, pink and was on orange.
It’s been forever! I’m being burned alive! Do they think I’m a witch? I’ll kill Fabian!
“This one might sting a little,” Fabian said from outside the closet. Her skin felt like it was being rubbed with barbed wire.
Sting, my ass! I’ll have puncture wounds.
“And five, four, three, two….”
One, say one.
“And… one.” 
The lights faded back to a normal level as Savannah sucked in air. Her skin was pins and needles everywhere. She was just getting ready to yell at Fabian when a thick spray of lotion doused the air in a mist. 
“Go ahead and work that in all over your body. It will help with the sensitivity.”
Savannah did as he directed and he was right, it did help. The pins and needles feeling faded and Savannah noticed that her skin was not just soft and smooth it was like silk. She ran her hands down her legs and back up.
“Mercy, that’s smooth,” Savannah said with a huge smile. “Will it always be like this?” She asked Fabian.
He laughed, probably relieved she wasn’t holding a grudge. “You will remain hairless but you may need to exfoliate from time to time. I’ll leave the dress Virginia left here for you.” 
She heard the door shut as she rolled her eyes. It was a good thing she wanted to change to dresses if she hadn’t it appeared she wouldn’t have a choice. Opening the closet door she picked up the white dress and stepped into it not giving it much thought until she noticed the length.
It was much shorter than the dresses she’d sewn for the Paladin women when she’d worked in Humanity. They usually were well below the knee. This dress was empire waisted and the hem hit her just above the knee. No doubt Virginia was hoping the unusual length would spark interest in Klaas. Savannah had already stood naked in front of Virginia’s son twice and he hadn’t made a move. 
A knock sounded at the door as she slipped on her shoes. “Come in.”
Fabian entered. He looked her up and down and nodded with a long look at her legs. “I like this dress, and your skin looks very nice. You like it don’t you?”
“You know, I do. Feel my legs.” Savannah pointed her toe and raised her skirt a few inches.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Marek said standing in the doorway behind Fabian. “No leg touching, Fabian. Klaas will have something to say about that I would think.”
“I doubt that,” Savannah said under her breath.
Fabian was laughing until he looked at Marek. His expression was much less jovial when he turned back to Savannah. “I heard about your decision to keep your hair long, great choice by the way. I wanted to offer to braid it for you. Pinning it up would keep Virginia or any of the other women from making their comments.”
“Yes, thank you, Fabian.”
He led the way to a chair and then began to brush out her hair. It felt so good and relaxing Savannah was struggling to keep her eyes open. “That’s it just relax,” Fabian encouraged her. 
“Mmmm that feels so good.”
*****
Fabian was really looking to get hurt. He was taking advantage of how exhausted Savannah was. Offering to braid her hair? Clearly he was just looking to spend more time with her, to get his hands on her. 
Marek watched as Fabian picked up a handful of her shiny, soft looking hair and let it slide through his fingers. Marek stood up to say something but then Savannah made a pleased noise saying, “That feels so good.” The hem of her dress drifted a little higher and Marek found himself picturing those perfectly shaped, sexy legs wrapped around his waist.
“Something… wrong, Marek?” Fabian was smiling like he was barely able to hold back the booming laugh just behind his lips.
Savannah’s sleepy eyes opened and looked at him. He prayed her eyes wouldn’t travel south and discover what she could do to him with just a pleased sigh. Those long dark lashes lowered all the way down and Marek let out a sigh.
It was getting to be an emergency that he get himself to that brothel. “Have you seen Klaas?” He asked Fabian.
“Nope. The coast is clear.” Fabian grinned misinterpreting the question. 
“Watch yourself, that’s not what I meant.”
Fabian laughed shaking his head. “Sure it’s not.”
Savannah didn’t comment. Marek hoped this meant she was asleep and didn’t hear Fabian’s innuendo. 
He finally began to braid her hair. She looked so relaxed and comfortable and Fabian was responsible for putting her at ease.
“Have you selected which volunteer group you’ll be joining?” Fabian asked her. His eyes were intent on Savannah and Marek moved in closer. Fabian was getting way too comfortable with Savannah.
Savannah said, “Armory,” but it was on a sleepy sigh.
Fabian looked over at Marek with an expression that gave Marek pause. It was a scowl of accusation.
What was that for? Because she picked Armory?
Fabian had finished the braid and he was massaging her shoulders. 
“I think you’re done,” Marek told Fabian with a clear warning in his tone.
“She chose Armory. Why do you think she would do that?” Marek looked to Savannah to answer but she was asleep. “She is scared, which means you’re not doing your job. I don’t think I can stand seeing another innocent girl lost to this place.”
Marek wanted to point out who Savannah’s new husband was but it wasn’t wise to speak ill of Avidan’s family. “I am keeping her safe.”
“The other girls didn’t stand a chance without a protector. Savannah has you. Don’t fail her by thinking only of her body.”
Marek was getting ready to argue when he realized he was missing the bigger picture. Fabian knew the other two brides. “What happened to the other two brides, Fabian? I can’t protect her from an invisible threat.”
“That felt so good.” Savannah smiled with her eyes still shut. “You put me under, Fabian.” She slowly opened her green eyes, her smile still in place. Savannah sat up and looked herself over in the mirror. “I love my braid. Thank you, handsome.” 
She kissed his cheek and smiled at herself in the mirror. “I can see why women love to come in here. I do feel like a new woman.”
“Savannah, it was a pleasure opening your eyes a little wider to show you the beautiful woman you are,” Fabian said accepting the hug Savannah offered.
Marek considered punching Mr. Compliments. One moment he’s flattering her and the next he’s terrifying Marek that he’s going to mess up and fail Savannah.
“We’ll speak again soon,” Marek told Fabian.
Fabian smiled with no trace of the warning he’d been delivering in his face. “See you around.”
“Where to next?” Savannah asked running her hand over her arm. “This is indescribably soft.” She smiled oblivious to Marek’s struggle in keeping things platonic.
Marek fought the urge to touch and test out her smooth skin. Fabian had gotten Savannah into a relaxed open mood. He needed to take advantage.
“I want to take you to see the doctor.”
She looked at Marek like he’d just said he was going to examine her himself. “I’ve already been.”
“He asked to see you, Savannah.” Marek watched as she looked up and down the hallway. 
“I’m not up to it right now. Take me back to my room. Please.”
“What? Savannah, what is going on with-”
She started walking and this time Savannah was headed in the right direction. Marek followed her all the way back to her room. 
“Thank you for all of your help today.” She let herself into the room and closed the door in his face.
Enough of this shit.
Marek opened the door and stepped inside letting the door slam shut behind him. “Savannah, you’re keeping things from me. How am I going to protect you if you’re keeping things from me?”
“I’m not keeping anything from you that has to do with my safety. You saw for yourself last night that Klaas is still grieving. Somehow I’m supposed to fix him. No one will tell me what happened to the last two brides and forgive me but I’m completely lost in this place.”
“Everything? Why won’t you see the doctor?”
“Klaas doesn’t want me to.”
Marek approached her. She answered him. That was progress. “Why not?” Her green eyes searched his. He could tell she was deciding whether or not to trust him with the answer.
Savannah was breathing a little faster and he saw it the moment she decided not to tell him as she averted her hypnotic eyes from his. “It has nothing to do with my safety. It is between husband and wife. I can’t break his trust.”
Marek got a sick feeling in his stomach as Savannah’s eyes went toward the large bed. She hugged herself unconsciously with folded arms.
“Has he hurt you?”
“No,” she said. “I would tell you if he had. I promise.”
The door opened and Marek and Savannah looked up at the same time to see Klaas enter. “I see you two are getting cozy. That must be why I got dragged out of the brothel.” He didn’t seem at all concerned even though his words were accusatory.
Klaas sighed, tapping his fingers against the wall he was leaning on. “I’m back on duty. You’re free for the night, Marek.”
Leaving Savannah was more difficult than it should have been, leaving a wife with her husband. She already said he wasn’t hurting her. Savannah wasn’t going to divulge whatever had taken place in their bed.
Whatever it was had shaken her.
There was nothing more he could do without information or request from Savannah to intervene.
“Goodnight, Savannah.”
Chapter Eleven
The way Marek said her name sent hot shivers down her spine. Savannah did her best to hide her response to Marek from Klaas. “Goodnight,” she said as he crossed the threshold into the hallway.
Klaas closed the door. “Switched to a dress, I see. Why did you do that?”
“They are more comfortable,” Savannah said.
“I’ll have to take your word for that.” Klaas went over to the bed and laid himself down.
Savannah approached the bed. “Why did you go to the brothel? We still need to consummate our marriage.”
Klaas stared at the ceiling. “You’ve done precious little to let me know you’d want me to be intimate with you.”
“I’m sorry. I’m new to all this, Klaas. What am I supposed to do?”
Klaas rose up onto his elbows. “You could take off that ugly dress.”
Savannah really didn’t want to disrobe in front of him. He had humiliated her the last time. She started toward the closet.
“I asked you to take off the dress,” Klaas said sitting up and swinging his legs over the side.
She had promised she would try hadn’t she? Maybe once they got their first time out of the way it wouldn’t be so awkward.
Savannah reminded herself that she had the smoothest, softest skin humanly possible to try to give herself a little more confidence. She pulled the dress off over her head. The air in the room wasn’t cold, but she could feel goose bumps popping up all over her skin.
“Come here,” he said.
Savannah moved over to the side of the bed where he sat. His eyes roamed over her naked torso and he raised his hand as though he was going to touch her but his hand fell away.
He leaned back and looked Savannah in the eye. “I guess I out did myself today. I’m just not feeling like it right now.” He moved her backward by pushing at her shoulders as his words sank in.
Not feeling like it?
“Here, put something on.” Klaas tossed her the dress she’d shed with a look on his face that reminded Savannah of the look someone would have if they were asked to handle human waste without gloves.
Savannah held the dress up over her body. “I don’t understand. What’s wrong, Klaas?”
“I just need sleep. I’ll be in my room.” He left, and Savannah stared at the closed door clutching the dress and fighting the feelings he’d inspired of rejection and self-consciousness.
Tears gathered in her eyes and spilled down her cheeks as she dressed herself. This marriage thing was so hard and confusing. She thought it would be different.
Dinner time came and went and Savannah paced around her room trying to figure out what she had done wrong.
If he wasn’t in the mood, why did he tell me to take off my dress? Is Asia wrong about men loving large breasts? Maybe I can get a corset and just keep it on the next time Klaas asks me to strip down.
Savannah went to the mirror to look at the new dress she’d put on. It fit her correctly and even accentuated her narrow waist. Savannah looked herself in the mirror and grimaced at how tired she looked. Not your sexiest look, Savannah, she told herself. Leaning forward she washed her face at the sink and pinched her cheeks to try to get some color.
“Sorry,” she told her mirror image. “You’re going to drive yourself crazy with all these questions. Now go to his room and get some answers.”
At least I sound brave.
Savannah slipped on shoes and left her room. Marek was not in the hallway. Probably hanging out with Ezra. Maybe at the brothel.
She hoped she would remember which room was his. The halls still weren’t quiet but much less busy.
“Savannah,” the young man from breakfast said her name with a blush already climbing his face. “It’s Gill. You touched my hand this morning?”
Savannah smiled at him and made sure not to laugh. “I remember. I was looking for Klaas’ room. Do you know which room is his?”
“The heiress’ room? Yeah, I’ll take you.”
She took the elbow he offered and smiled as he puffed out his chest and led the way. Savannah couldn’t help but wonder why this young man didn’t want to go to the Picking.
“Thank you, Gill. You’re such a fine young man,” she said when they stopped in front of the door she had suspected was his. At least she was beginning to know her way around.
Gill turned a bright red and then nodded with a huge grin. 
If only Klaas were so easy to please.
Savannah knocked on the door and waited. No one answered, but Klaas had said he was going to be in his room. She turned the knob and pushed the door open. “Klaas?”
The lights were low and she could hear noise coming from further inside the very large room. She realized it was an entryway she was standing in and closed the door.
Following the noises she couldn’t quite distinguish she froze in the entrance to the master bedroom.
Klaas was holding a woman’s legs open as he pumped his hips vigorously between them. The sounds coming from the woman were muffled, Klaas didn’t make a sound. Their bodies clapping together, was the noise she’d followed.
“What the hell?” Savannah grabbed a book from the table on her left and threw it at Klaas. The corner hit him in the back as he tried to back out of his current position. “Got in the mood did you?”
“How dare you come to my room uninvited?”
“I have been harassed all day by your parents. All day! What is wrong with you?”
The woman in the bed had dark, very short hair. Her face was red as she reached for the blankets to cover her slender body.
“What is wrong with me is you disgust me. Alright? You’re fat, old and awkward. You repulse me. How am I supposed to get hard when I’m looking at you?” He shook his head and sighed. “I didn’t want to hurt your feelings but you barge in here-”
Savannah refused to cry. “You picked me, Klaas. I didn’t pick you.”
“Well-”
“No one would pick you unless they had no other choice.”
Klaas’ eyes widened and he stalked toward her.
Savannah let her eyes drift south. “I can see she must have regretted her choice when she saw that little-” His hand covered her mouth and he squeezed hard.
“All I have to do is send you back and your brother dies. Remember?” He gripped her mouth even harder and tears sprang to her eyes from the pain. “You will not talk to me like that again.”
Savannah bit his hand without mercy and he jerked his hand back, his mouth open as he clutched his injured hand.
“Don’t come into my room. It’s my room,” Savannah stated.
“You don’t tell me what to do.”
Savannah squared her shoulders. “Oh no? Maybe I’ll just tell your parents how we spent yesterday and last night. Shall I?”
“Watch yourself, Savannah.”
“I am and I look great.” Savannah looked over at the woman on the bed again. “Don’t fall asleep, you’ll wake up with this freak staring at you.”
Turning before Klaas could give a retort to her jabs she exited his room and left the door wide open as she went back out into the hallway. The anger began to give way to the pain and rejection.
Savannah raised her chin up higher to keep from crying. She wanted to go home or see Asia but both options weren’t allowed. Nevada still needed the treatment that would cure him.
What if Klaas cancels it?
Why did you let yourself get so mad? She leaned up against her door as she turned the handle. She went inside and changed for bed inside her closet.
She didn’t know why she was letting it bother her so much. She didn’t love him. She didn’t like him or trust him. Why should she care if he didn’t find her attractive?
Savannah wished she could erase his hurtful words from her mind. The more she told herself it didn’t matter, the deeper the cuts seemed to get.
Lying down on the bed she let herself cry. Until the pain finally dulled into an ache and fatigue took over.
Savannah fell asleep wondering what repercussion she would be getting from the things she’d said to “the heiress.”
Chapter Twelve
“Marek, you are in a bad mood. What’s wrong with you?” Ezra asked as they stood outside the brothel.
“I’m not in a bad mood.” Marek glared. “You are just stupid over your brothel girlfriend.”
“I don’t like you calling her brothel anything.”
Marek shrugged. He was in a foul mood and it had nothing to do with Ezra and everything to do with Klaas.
That prick doesn’t deserve Savannah.
But Klaas did have Savannah and was likely with her, touching all that soft skin. 
“Hey, Marek?”
“What?” Marek barked at Ezra.
Ezra plucked the lead rein on the horse that Marek had been tying. “Any tighter and your horse won’t be able to shake his head.”
Marek quickly began to undo the too tight rein and gave the slack his horse required.
“You want to talk about it?”
“What good would that do?” Marek asked running his hand over the horse’s mane. He let his hand fall and led the way up the steps to the brothel. “I need a woman.”
Ezra laughed. “Yeah you do, but she’s not in there.”
Marek ignored him and entered the brothel. Ezra ditched him right away and disappeared with his woman, Maryland.
“Hey. Hey you,” Asia said pointing at Marek with a scowl on her face. She signaled for him to follow and turned down the left hallway.
Not now. Marek thought.
He needed to spend up the need he’d built up spending the day with Savannah. He wasn’t at the brothel for conversation.
She closed the door to her small room. “You said you were going to look out for Savannah.” Her hands were on her hips.
“I am.”
“What’s her husband doing here all day then? I know that reflects poorly on Savannah.”
Marek rolled his eyes. “You want me to encourage him to have sex with Savannah instead of the women here? Should I go in their bedroom and make sure the little prick knows where to put it too?”
Asia’s dark brown eyes widened at him. “No, I guess not. I’m… just concerned.”
“Well, thanks for sharing.” He turned to go but Asia caught his shoulder.
“Today they striped a man whose name is Louis for the incident the other day. He didn’t even visit the brothel that day. This isn’t justice.”
“Can’t the girl finger the guy who did it?” Marek asked.
Asia’s chin trembled a little. “She was taken to the Paladin doctors but they said there was nothing they could do. She passed away this morning.
Marek stood there frozen. What she said didn’t make any sense. The Paladin medicine could save a man who had nothing left but his head and torso.
There was no question in his mind that the Paladins wanted this poor girl dead because she could point out which Paladin had caused the injuries that eventually led to her death.
“I can tell that you’re a good man. Your actions have shown me as much.”
“Can you find out which Paladins came that day?” He asked.
“Yeah, but it’ll be dangerous. We’re not supposed to ask questions.”
Marek nodded. “I can’t do anything without names.”
Asia folded her arms and rubbed her biceps. “You care for Savannah, don’t you?”
“She’s a job.”
“Then why get so angry at the mention of Klaas? I hear he is very vigorous.”
Marek opened the door to leave and Asia caught him again. “I’m sorry I was trying to prove a point I should not have said that.”
“It doesn’t matter I’m not here to chat with you.”
“I can keep you company,” Asia said.
Marek removed three coins from his pocket and handed it to her. “No, I don’t think that would be wise.”
“Because I’m Savannah’s friend.”
He didn’t answer. Marek left and instead of staying in the brothel and finding relief in another woman’s bed like he’d planned, he found himself exiting the brothel altogether.
There was a man tied to the public correction post. Marek figured it was Louis and approached the man. His head was hanging, his back exposed with more than twelve stripes zig zagged across his back.
“Are you, Louis?” Marek asked bending down to look the man in the face.
“I didn’t do it,” Louis said. His lips were dry and cracked. Several stripes cut across his face and down his neck.
The Paladin on duty for correction approached. “Is there a problem?” He asked.
“Bring this man some water,” Marek said.
“I’m not allowed-”
“He’s an innocent man.” Marek looked his fellow Paladin in the face. “This isn’t justice.”
The Paladin swallowed and looked around for other Paladins. “It would be a greater mercy to break his neck. He’s due twenty more stripes tomorrow. It’ll kill him for sure.”
Marek removed his knife from his combat belt and cut Louis free.
“What are you doing? You’ll get in trouble. You could be executed for interfering with Paladin justice.”
“I am a Paladin. This is justice, setting an innocent man free.”
The Paladin winced when Louis raised his blood soaked face to look at him. “I’ll say he received his stripes in full,” the Paladin said.
Marek understood the Paladin guard was risking a lot to help him. “Thank you.” He started moving with Louis. “Show me where you live.”
He had to drag Louis most of the way to his residence. There was graffiti, broken windows and several knives protruding from his front door.
“Everyone believes I hurt that woman. That I killed her.” He began to shake Marek believed he was probably crying but too dehydrated to make tears.
“We are going somewhere else. You can’t stay here.” It was obvious to Marek the people of Humanity weren’t going to just leave Louis alone.
Marek took him to the brothel through the back door. Asia was in her room. Marek kicked out her customer and then brought in Louis.
“Is he alive?”
“Clean him up. I’ve got a doctor who owes me a favor. He’ll be around to see to Louis. He needs a new name as far as anyone is going to know Louis died tonight.
Asia shuddered when she saw how deep the stripes went. “What about his family?”
“I don’t think he has any. His house was heavily vandalized.”
Asia knelt down next to the bed where Louis was laying. “Do you have family?”
“No,” Louis answered.
“Okay go get your doctor. I’ll tell everyone he’s a customer until he’s well enough to leave. But then where will he go?”
Marek shook his head. “I don’t know yet.” Marek gave her the rest of the coins he had on him. “Take care of him. I’ll figure out something.”
He walked out of the brothel with his whole understanding of what it meant to be a Paladin shaken.
Louis may not have died but he might as well have. The lie that he was guilty took away the life Louis had known. His reputation was dead no matter how much he would declare his innocence.
Paladins had taken the life of an innocent man.
Marek approached the Paladin in charge of the correction post. “Louis died here tonight. Agreed?”
***** 
There was a presence with Savannah in her room. Savannah could feel it, but it was too dark in her room to locate the other person.
Did Klaas come back? Was he doing that staring thing again?
“Klaas? Is that you?”
No one answered and her muscles tightened, her body going rigid as she waited.
Sweat gathered at her brow and a helplessness enveloped her.
No one is in here with me, she thought fisting the blanket in her sweaty palms.
She couldn’t just lie there and wait to see what would happen if anything. Throwing back the covers she turned, swinging her legs out of the bed.
The door opened blinding her with the bright light in the hallway and the door slammed shut.
Heart pounding, Savannah went as fast as she could to the door and pulled it open. The hallway appeared to be completely vacant. Whoever had been inside her room had hidden themselves in one of the rooms along the hallway.
Savannah knew she wouldn’t find them. Whoever it was, they knew Paladin Keep better than she did.
She closed the door and turned on the lights in her room. Savannah didn’t remember turning them off in the first place.
Where is Marek when I need him? Who am I supposed to tell about this? Not Klaas, obviously. 
Even if she did find someone to tell, what would she say? 
“My husband is lurking around my room in the dark and freaking me out.”
Savannah couldn’t go back to sleep. Whoever it had been was unlikely to come again in the same night after she had already chased them out but that didn’t bring her much comfort.
Anger mingled with the adrenaline and Savannah knew sleep wasn’t going to be an option. So might as well ready herself for the next day.
She got into the shower, let the water run over her body and down her face. Another night with no sleep, it was going to wear on her.
Is this what happened to the other brides? Died of fatigue or perhaps too fatigued to fight off whatever did happen to them.
Savannah didn’t volunteer for the Picking to sacrifice herself for Nevada. She was no martyr. She volunteered so that Nevada and her family could be helped but she had no intention of wasting away in misery or offering her neck up for the chopping block either.
Once she washed the sweat and fear away, she dried off and took the shaving blade with her from the shower.
“I’m getting some sleep,” she told herself. Closing the blade she tucked it inside the sleeve of her dress. Savannah drug the mattress off the frame and across the room until it was up against the door.
She tucked herself in on the mattress and closed her eyes willing herself to go to sleep.
Chapter Thirteen
The mattress bounced beneath Savannah and she sat up startled from her sleep.
“Savannah?” Marek called her alarm thick in his tone.
“Just a second.” Savannah slid the mattress away from the door as Marek pushed against the door. He looked at the mattress and then at Savannah. “Are you alright? What happened?”
“Last night someone was in my room. I don’t know who.”
“Did they threaten or hurt you?” Marek asked.
Savannah shook her head. “He didn’t say anything. Once I started getting up to turn on my light, whoever it was left. I tried to see who it was but the hallway was empty.”
“Did you call for help?”
“Who was I supposed to call? I don’t have any way to contact you and I couldn’t go to Klaas.”
Savannah struggled with the mattress to get it up onto the frame. Marek grabbed a corner and shoved it into its rightful place. “Why not go to Klaas?”
Savannah shook her head. “Well, for one thing it probably was him and for another. I don’t trust Klaas.” She looked at him with challenge in her green eyes.
“I don’t either,” Marek said. “But why would he come into your room and then leave without doing or saying anything?”
“There is no way I can begin to explain that man’s actions.” Savannah went into the closet and found a button up sweater.
She ignored the confused look on his face as she fastened it up. Savannah noticed Marek looked pretty tired himself. “It looks like you had a long night too,” Savannah said.
“I was looking into the incident at the brothel. It’s…” He trailed off and Savannah looked up from the buttons.
Marek was looking around the room his light blue eyes landed on her. “Klaas is supposed to be watching out for you. Not scaring you.”
“What are you going to do?” Savannah asked.
“I’m going to talk to him.”
Savannah folded her arms. “And say what? Marek you know this isn’t simple.”
Marek moved in closer, his focus was in her mouth. “I do? How would I know that, Savannah? You’re not telling me anything.”
Savannah didn’t know what he was seeing or thinking about that was making him so angry. She did know that upsetting Klaas and his parents at that point wasn’t worth the cost.
“It’s hot today. You’re not going to want that sweater,” Marek said, his voice sounding much darker than she’d ever heard it.
Savannah shrugged. “It’s just me. I get chilled easily.”
“You’re going to the Armory today. It’ll be like hugging the sun in there with that sweater.”
“Okay, I’ll take it off when we get there. About Klaas-”
Marek smiled, but it was an angry smile. “I got it. You don’t want to mess with Nevada’s treatments. Don’t worry.”
“I’m sorry your promise to watch over me has caused you so much grief, but thank you for doing it, Marek.”
“You not being upfront with me about what’s really going on is what is giving me grief.”
Savannah put both hands on her hips. “I told you I would tell you if there was anything that came up concerning my safety. I’ve done that.”
Marek pointed toward the door. “You won’t tell me why you won’t see the doctor.”
“I should probably start at the Armory.”
Savannah left the room and waited for Marek to join her. He was angry with her, but she didn’t know what else she could do.
As if Marek would believe she was still a virgin after Klaas had paraded the bloody sheets and then purposefully left them with the doctor.
He closed her door and then pulled her over next to the wall. “Why was I excused if you were going to be left alone?”
Past Marek, Savannah saw Klaas coming down the hall. She pulled at the sweater stretching it to keep it from fitting her form. “He probably doesn’t want anyone to know he was hooking up with another woman in his room last night.”
“Are you denying him?” Marek asked. Savannah felt her face burning so she turned it away from his view.
Klaas looked from Savannah to Marek, returning to Marek in the end. “You two must be getting close. Spending a lot of time together aren’t we,” Klaas stated. “I’d like a moment alone with my wife.” Klaas went into her room leaving the door open for her to follow after him.
Savannah started to move, but Marek pressed her back up against the wall. “Stay here.”
Marek went into her room and shut the door.
Savannah couldn’t control the smile that spread across her face. She hurried over to the door and pressed her ear against the cool metal. The voices were muffled but she could tell Marek was doing most of the talking.
***** 
“Come here,” Marek signaled Klaas for a fight as soon as the door closed.
“What?” Klaas’ eyes widened and he held up his hands. “I don’t want to fight you. Whatever she said-”
Marek approached him and Klaas retreated back several steps. “She won’t say anything but the bruising around her mouth tells me plenty.”
“I’ve never hurt her. I haven’t. Just ask her. I’m protecting her.”
“Oh you’re protecting her leaving her alone and coming in and out of her room at all hours of the night?”
Klaas’ brows lowered over his hooded eyes. “What?”
“You want to appease me, Klaas? Help me protect her. Get me closer quarters and call me if you are leaving her.” Marek turned to walk away before he did anything stupid but he just had to ask.
Marek looked back over his shoulder at Klaas. “Why the hell would you go to a brothel or invite another woman into your bed when you have a wife like Savannah?”
Klaas just stared at him not saying anything. This infuriated Marek even worse.
“If I find any other injury on Savannah when you’re supposed to be watching her, no amount of pity is going to keep me from taking justice from your pampered hide.”
“I still need a word with her.”
Marek gave Klaas his back as he headed for the door. “How does it feel to need?” He left the room and bumped right into Savannah. Taking her arm he led her toward the kitchen. “I will take you to breakfast.”
“What did you say in there?” Savannah asked.
“I’ll share if you share.”
The light in Savannah’s eyes dwindled at his response. “I already did.”
“Hey!” Klaas caught up with them. “Savannah.” He turned her toward him. His hand ran over her hair and then tipped her chin. “I’m sorry about our disagreement last night. You are going to come to understand the ways of Paladin Keep. In time you will prefer them.”
Marek wanted to smash Klaas’ face for the intimate way he was touching Savannah. Klaas in no way deserved Savannah.
“Right, my wife?” Klaas asked when she didn’t respond.
“Yes, Klaas. It works as it is.” Savannah was stiff as she spoke but Klaas read her wrong because he took her in close for an overly long embrace. 
Marek was sure a few choice words were whispered into Savannah’s ear since Marek had refused to give him the alone time he had demanded with Savannah.
When Klaas released her he looked down at the sweater with a look of distaste. “Have a nice day.”
“Goodbye, Klaas,” Savannah said watching him walk away as she folded her arms across her chest.
Marek took her to the Humanity Kitchen and then they headed out to the Armory. “We are going to have to travel through a few of the furnace rooms. You should take off your sweater.”
“I will if I get hot,” Savannah answered.
Why is she wearing so many layers of clothing?
Looking at her in too many clothes was frustrating him. She was going to be miserable in all those layers. He had a strong urge to break open the sweater and free her beautiful body from all that confinement. 
The strong attraction he was feeling toward Savannah had to be in part because he hadn’t had a proper visit at the brothel. At least that’s what he kept telling himself.
He hoped he was right because if he wasn’t he was doomed to be pining after a married woman he could never have.
“What are you doing blocking the door?” The head of Armory growled at the two of them. He’d come to be known as Blade but Marek was sure it wasn’t his given name.
“Savannah, this is Blade. He’s head of Armory. He’ll be your boss.”
Blade with his rich soil brown eyes snorted and shook his head. “This is no place for a lady.”
“Why not? I’m not afraid of hard work.”
“I don’t need you distracting my workers and costing someone a hand.”
Savannah stepped right into his path. “I’ll do whatever job you give me Mr. Blade. I won’t complain and I won’t quit.”
Blade backed away from her as if afraid to touch her, like he would break her if he sneezed on her. Blade looked to Marek for help but Marek was too blown away by how much Savannah wanted the job.
“You’re not dressed to work in the Armory,” Blade grumbled. “You would pass out from the heat.”
“I’ll wear whatever you want me to wear.”
Marek watched Blade for his reaction. Savannah was really presenting herself as quite vulnerable. 
Who taught her to be so compliant with strangers? She couldn’t just go around promising to do whatever to please.
“No woman has ever worked in the Armory,” Blade said. “You won’t enjoy it.”
Savannah took his left hand in both of hers. “Please give me a chance.”
Blade drew his hand back and scowled. “Don’t touch me. I don’t like to be touched.”
“I’m sorry,” Savannah said not ruffled by his gruff tone.
“Get a black uniform. Report to me. It’ll be on a day to day basis.”
Savannah smiled at him and he bowed his head away from her view.
“Thank you, Mr. Blade.” She turned to Marek with the smile still on her face. “I don’t know why you insisted on my wearing this sweater, Marek. It is obviously the wrong choice with all the heat I’ll be around.”
She pressed her lips together but Marek could see the laughter in her eyes.
Blade was shaking his bald head and muttering about brain dead soldiers as he went into Armory.
“Funny,” Marek said as they headed towards uniforms. “Is that why you wore that sweater?”
“I think it’s a nice sweater,” Savannah said avoiding his question. She still hadn’t bothered to remove it.
Just outside of the uniforms door Savannah paused.
“What is it?”
“They’re going to take my measurements. I don’t want them to find…” She was looking at her hands.
Marek raised his brows. “Find what?”
Savannah slid a shaving blade from her sleeve. “Can you hold this for me?”
“Why would you have this? Klaas-”
“Two brides died before I got here I just wanted to be ready for anything.”
Marek wanted to explode at Savannah but yelling at her wasn’t going to get her to open up. “Did it ever occur to you that I’m a soldier, trained to fight and be ready for anything? I can help you.” Marek closed his eyes trying to rein in his temper. She was going to refuse his help just like she’d refused the coins.
She didn’t answer. Marek opened his eyes to find her squinting hers a little as they dropped down his form. When her eyes met his again she gave a slight nod of her head.
“Is that a yes?” Marek asked almost dropping the shaving blade that he was shocked she hadn’t cut herself while carrying it in her sleeve.
“I think it’s a great idea, if you really mean it.”
Regaining his stance he said, “I don’t say things I don’t mean.” Savannah was looking at him like he was more than a faceless Paladin Soldier. It was a feeling he liked, probably too much. “It’ll make my job a lot easier.”
The light of hope in her eyes faded as she nodded. “I’ll go get my uniform. I’ll wait here afterwards if you need to go somewhere and take a break or whatever.”
“Are you dismissing me? I don’t work for you,” Marek said catching her tone.
“Well, your job has been so challenging. What with the following me and being free to spend your nights at the brothel. Maybe you should lie down before you faint from the exhaustion of it all.”
“Where should I be spending my nights? Outside your door listening to you and Klaas-”
“You made the promise. I never asked you.”
Marek disregarded the rules of personal space and brought his face close to Savannah’s. “I asked you not to go to the Picking.” He watched as her green eyes widened at him. Her face tilted up towards his. “I was going to help you with Nevada.”
“Why?” She challenged him to answer truthfully.
Marek drew back. “Why doesn’t matter now.”
Savannah looked determined to press the issue so Marek had to step back. Raising his watch he dialed Ezra. “I need you to come to uniforms,” he said as soon as Ezra answered.
Savannah laughed when Ezra responded, “Right away, your royal highness.” She went into the uniform shop leaving him to grumble to himself.
All the stress was buzzing in his head. Klaas saying no one could protect Savannah and Fabian calling him on being easily distracted by her. He still had to help Louis and stop Savannah from trying to do it all on her own.
“I think calling me now is too late,” Ezra told Marek as he approached. “They already moved your living quarters.”
“What are you talking about?”
Ezra paused. “You didn’t know they moved your room right next door to Savannah’s room?”
“Who did?”
“It’s so you can better protect Savannah. I was told Klaas gave the order.” Ezra scanned the area. “Why did you call me?
“I need you to stay with Savannah.”
Ezra grinned. “Why is that? The female is a little too much for the Paladin warrior Marek?”
“Last night I was looking in to something. I didn’t get to really visit the brothel properly.”
“Nope, that’s not it. You’ve gone months before without visiting the brothel. This is about lady lovely legs in there.”
Marek glared at Ezra. “Don’t start giving her nicknames.”
“You’ve got it bad, don’t you, brother?”
“I can’t.”
Ezra shook his head. “Because she’s married?”
“That’s one important factor. I also can’t afford to be distracted.”
“Listen, Marek. You are her best chance at surviving this place. Do whatever you have to do to get your head on straight.”
Marek grabbed Ezra and pulled him closer so he wouldn’t be overheard. “I don’t think it’ll ever be right again. The Paladins are corrupted. That guy Louis is innocent.”
“No, he-”
“He was innocent, Ezra. The Paladins or at least some of them set that guy up to take the fall,” Marek kept his voice at a whisper. “That means I can’t trust anyone at all who is ranked at level six or higher. Besides you, of course.”
“So who is guilty?”
“I don’t know. They let the girl die so she won’t be talking.” Marek looked over at the closed doors to the uniforms entrance. “Klaas is crazy and he’s unpredictable. He doesn’t deserve Savannah. She definitely doesn’t deserve to be stuck with him.”
Ezra wiped his hands on is pants. “He moved your room right next door to hers. That seems like an action one would take if they wanted to have better protection. He may be crazy but he doesn’t sound dangerous.”
“Spend more than ten minutes with him.”
“Marek, I get it. You like her, you might even love her but it doesn’t change your job, right?”
Marek hated the good advice he was getting. “Why can’t you say something I would actually want to hear? Like, Marek, you’re right he doesn’t deserve her. Just sweep that sexy woman into your arms and show her where she really belongs.”
“That doesn’t sound like me at all.” Ezra shook his head. “It sounds like a good way to get your head lopped off. Anyway, I just remembered. There’s a doctor looking for you. He said he did what you asked and now you’d better do what he asked.”
Great. Just what I needed.
Chapter Fourteen
“Georgia is going to do your measurements. We will have several uniforms made up.” The guy at the desk smiled congenially.
Savannah froze mid step as Georgia approached. She was the woman in Klaas’ bed. Georgia halted, her brown eyes widening.
“Is there a problem?” The guy asked from the desk.
Seeing her in the bright lights of the uniformary filled in all of the details Savannah had missed from the night before. Georgia was the picture of what the woman were supposed to look like at Paladin Keep.
She had short, shiny, dark hair, beautiful brown eyes and a very sought after shade of sun kissed tan skin. Her lips were full and painted a dark red color that reminded Savannah of a red apple.
This woman was who her husband preferred. Insecurity threatened and Savannah grabbed onto the anger at her situation and the cruel things Klaas had said to flame the fire.
“I’m sorry the mistress of my husband, Klaas will not do. I’m going to need someone much less seasoned. Someone with some class would be more to my liking.”
The man at the desk gaped at Savannah. 
Georgia’s face was red, her eyes downcast and her mouth trembling. “Say whatever you want. I deserve it. If it makes you feel even the slightest bit better, please say it.”
“Uh… uh…” the desk clerk stuttered. “Let me get someone else to assist you.”
Savannah watched as Georgia made to leave. She stopped and turned back. “I’m sorry for what I’ve done. You didn’t deserve the things he said to you and I hope you don’t believe a word of what he said.”
“I hardly need reassurance, least of all from you.” Savannah held tight to her anger and didn’t let anything else through.
“Here she comes,” the clerk bellowed when a second woman entered the hallway.
Georgia retreated and the new uniform lady approached. “Let’s get you measured,” she said pretending not to notice Savannah’s anger filled expression.
She asked the lady to fit her for a cloak which gave the lady pause, but she knew better than to ask. “I also need half my uniforms in black.”
“Yes, of course. Are you sure you want to have the dresses so long?” Savannah nodded. “I’ll have a black uniform delivered in five minutes time so you can start at the Armory.”
Savannah stared at her, none of her words were getting through very easily. All she could think about was the things she’d said to Georgia. The young woman hadn’t spat back spiteful things or made excuses.
Maybe Klaas was in love with Georgia and that was why none of his marriages worked out.
What if Klaas tricked her into his bed? He’s the son of Avidan, intimidation might have been used.
Savannah dressed quickly back into the dress and sought out Georgia. She figured the guy at the desk wasn’t going to tell her where Georgia was so she ventured out on her own.
Large bolts of material were hooked up to the machines lined up against the wall. Savannah glanced at them as she passed noting they were a much higher quality than the machines in Humanity.
“You’re not supposed to be back here,” Georgia said from her sitting position on the floor between two machines. 
“I wanted to talk with you.”
Georgia patted the floor next to her. Savannah sat down tucking the dress in here and there to cover as much of her legs as she could.
“I realized I owe you a chance to give your side of the story. Would you mind?”
“You wouldn’t understand. Growing up here is much different than Humanity.”
Savannah tried to hold on to her patience. “I don’t see what that has to do with sleeping with a married man.”
“Look, it’s…” She sighed and then turned toward Savannah. “All of the women here pray not to have a daughter. Do you know why?”
“Is it the infertility the females get from the Paladin diet?”
Georgia looked surprised. “I didn’t know Humanity knew about that.”
Savannah tilted her head to the left. “The women of Humanity are expected to reproduce like rabbits so many of them dream of having a choice.”
Georgia laughed. “Having a choice?”
“Yeah.”
“I can see you don’t get it, I want you to picture this okay? You’re pregnant. You’re carrying your baby excited for the day you’ll hold your first born in your arms. Finally the day comes and the doctor hands you a beautiful, healthy baby girl.”
Savannah couldn’t help but smile picturing a chubby, pink cheeked baby girl.
“You’ll nurse her and grow to love her more than your own life and then the year will end and you will have to choose. Will you keep her and know that she will never get the chance to become a mother, which will be shameful for her by the way, or will you give her the chance to have a family of her own one day. Of course that means you’ll have to send her to Humanity to be raised by strangers.”
Savannah felt like her world was imploding. “We were told it was a choice the women make at the age of eighteen.”
“Once you’re on the Paladin diet for one year and three months you will grow sick and die if you go back to the Humanity diet. Your body has learned to let the Paladin diet protect the body by that point.”
Savannah was feeling worse, sick and barely heard the rest of Georgia’s confession.
“It’s shameful to mate with a woman who can’t reproduce but still the Paladins do it. Only we’re supposed to be okay with it when they go to the brothel to help repopulate the world.
“I thought since you didn’t care if Klaas went to the brothel you wouldn’t care if I accepted his invitation to his bed. I shouldn’t have, I realize that now. It’s just that I wanted to feel wanted. You know? I-”
Savannah climbed up onto her feet. “I get it.” She steadied herself and made sure she wasn’t going to throw up before she finished. “Thank you for telling me how it is here. I didn’t know.”
“I won’t do it again,” Georgia called after her. Savannah felt numb. Why didn’t she know the truth about the choice to be Paladin?
No wonder most of the Paladins never want to go to the Picking. Who would sign up for the choice I may have to make?
She found the dressing room and cried. What was she going to do?
Chapter Fifteen
“I want to see the doctor,” Savannah told Marek when she came out of the uniformary.
Ezra stepped forward as Marek gave her a look of suspicion. “What changed your mind?” Marek asked. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
Marek had no idea what happened with Savannah in the uniformary but whatever it was, it was big. Marek was too desperate to get her to the doctor to ask questions.  “Okay, let’s go.”
“I’ll just run along then,” Ezra said as Marek took Savannah’s hand and power walked toward the doctor’s office.
He slowed himself when he glanced back at Savannah and saw the look of fatigue and traces of her having cried on her face.
Marek wished he could pull her around a corner and kiss away her sadness. Honestly, the look she’d given him when he’d offered to help train her to defend herself had awakened the feeling he’d had when he’d first heard her fighting for her family.
He wanted to make her laugh, smile and feel safe with him. Marek wanted Savannah to scream his name as he brought her the kind of completion Klaas had no chance of achieving. He wanted it all with her. 
You’ll never get it though. You lost your chance, Marek thought.
They halted outside the doctor’s office. “I’m sorry for before,” Marek said not sure how to apologize for his bad attitude.
“I’m not mad at you. Don’t give it another thought.” Savannah smiled touching his cheek. The warmth in her hand was like magic spreading throughout his body. Marek put his hand over hers holding it where it was on his face.
Their eyes locked.
Marek wondered if she knew how she had turned his world upside down, by opening his eyes. Just by existing Savannah was making him a better man.
“I am not sorry I made the promise I did, Savannah. I’ve never regretted anything less.” Reluctantly he released her hand and she slowly withdrew her touch.
“I don’t know what to say. You honor me, Marek.”
Marek stepped in closer to Savannah and noticed her breathing quicken. Her pink lips parted as she tilted her face upward to look at him.
Savannah was once again over dressed in a full long sleeved uniform and a cape. He wanted to ask her about her clothes but he needed to get her into the doctor.
“I’ll wait out here and keep an eye out for Klaas.”
Savannah’s expression grew serious again. “Yes, thank you.” She opened the door and stepped inside.
***** 
“I want you to give Nevada his last dose to cure the cancer. I want him safe. I can’t have him held over my head to make me behave.” Savannah finished filling him in.
“Well, I wish I could help you with that but we have to wait two weeks before his body will be ready for the final dose.”
The breath rushed out of her lungs the same as if she’d taken an uppercut to the stomach.
“You don’t look too well. I’m going to do a full body scan just in case.” The doctor led her over behind a screen. “Just stand still.” Dr. Reginald rushed over to a button on the wall as if he believed Savannah was going to run away.
A flash went off like she had just had her picture taken.
The doctor turned to a computer screen on the wall next to the button with a 4-D image of Savannah. He tapped her image and scanned the information as it came up. “You are a virgin just as you said.”
“Why would I lie to you?”
“You’d be surprised,” the doctor told her. “I don’t see any signs of abuse. I was concerned when Klaas wouldn’t allow me to examine you. Except…” He studied a paragraph. “You have some bruising around your jaw but it’s very slight. Is there anything I should know about that?”
Savannah shook her head. She was stuck where she was for at least two more weeks. Seeing the doctor combined with the insults she’d delivered in his bedroom was going to make for a very angry husband.
He’d already warned her when he had hugged her that morning in front of Marek that she was going to regret the scene she’d made in his room.
What if I can’t get back to Humanity? What if I am stuck with Klaas and he with me? He obviously wants to pretend in public that we are intimate.
Savannah still couldn’t understand why he picked her when he felt such a strong distaste for her. She didn’t know if he’d taken pity on her because of the stripe or maybe it was a rebellion against his parents since he wasn’t ready to wed.
“Savannah?”
“Sorry, I was thinking. What did you ask me?”
Dr. Reginald repeated his question, “I asked you if you are alright. I can see you’re scared.”
“Can I have a copy of my medical report?”
“Of course. You are in great health. There is nothing to be concerned about.”
Savannah waited until the print out on the digital card was in her hand. “It’s something I’m keeping as a sort of safety net.”
The doctor nodded as Savannah stuck the card in her bra, it was somewhere Klaas wouldn’t be looking.
Next came a lot of questions. Questions similar to the ones that had been put to her by Avidan, Marek and Virginia.
“I haven’t held out on him, doctor. I am not what he wants. I don’t know what else to say.” Savannah put the cape back on. “I’m going to tell Klaas when he asks that I came to you for sleep aides.”
Dr. Reginald went over to a locked closet and fished out a blue package. “To back up our story,” he said. Savannah paused. “You are taking a huge risk seeing me against Klaas’ orders. Thank you, but please don’t put yourself at risk again. Not for me.”
“You’re my patient. Your safety is my concern too. Take care of yourself.”
Savannah wanted to thank him again but the longer she stayed in his office the more she was putting him at risk of being on the receiving end of Klaas’ wrath.
Marek was there waiting like he said he would be. He was looking at her cape again. Savannah hoped it would keep the wounding comments from Klaas to a minimum.
“What you don’t love my cape?”
“Well, it isn’t what I would have picked for you. I don’t think Blade is going to approve.”
Savannah nodded. “I have a summer suit beneath this one. I’ll strip down.”
“Why wear so many layers?” Marek asked as they headed back toward the armory.
Savannah wished the questions would stop. She’d already answered so many in the last hour alone. “Klaas doesn’t want me to show a lot of skin.”
“That isn’t going to change what the Paladins see when they look at you.”
“Yeah, you’ve mentioned it. I’m not blending.”
“And thank the good Lord for that.” His gaze was on her rear end. 
“What am I, your entertainment?
He laughed a devilish sound. “I would love for you to entertain me, Savannah.”
Savannah bit her lower lips her eyes widened at him.
Marek’s smile grew at her surprise. “Ezra let me know they’ve moved my room next to yours.”
“Who did?” Savannah asked. “That’s great.”
“Yeah?”
There was that devilish grin again.
“What’s gotten into you, Marek?” Savannah couldn’t keep from asking him.
“You,” Marek said looking her in the eye as they stopped by the entrance to the armory. “You’re something special, Savannah. Don’t let this place or Klaas make you forget it.”
Savannah was smiling again and couldn’t believe it. She was in a terrible position. She should be crying or hiding shouldn’t she?
“So it’s true,” Avidan said as he approached. “You have chosen to volunteer in the Armory. “I believe you are the first bride to ever do so.” He was talking as though Savannah was the only one standing there.
Marek opened the Armory door. “Blade will be waiting on you.”
“I should go.” Savannah gave Avidan a nod and then leapt through the escape Marek offered.
She didn’t know why but her heart was racing. Savannah felt as though she’d been caught doing something indecent with Marek.
That’s silly. We were only talking.
Savannah remembered the look on his face when he had said, “you,” and noticed that her stomach got that turbo charge she had experienced before when she thought she had been in love with Ryan back at Humanity. This time was different, it was so much stronger.
She recognized it for what it was. Marek was strong, handsome and when he said great things he really said them. He was funny, sure. Brave and honorable were two more factors. She couldn’t deny how he had shown up dripping wet to make sure she was okay.
The way he had looked at her hadn’t been that disgusting leer she’d come to dread from men. Marek had looked at her like she was sexy and beautiful, like she was the treasure he’d been searching for.
She pictured Marek shoving Klaas from the room and stripping out of those wet clothes to show her more of his muscular body.
He would’ve come to her and turned her toward him. She’d run her hands from his shoulders down his hard manly chest as he backed her toward the bed.
Savannah’s knees got wobbly and she caught herself at the desk of the armory that was vacant. She rang the bell feeling breathless.
Damn. Why couldn’t you have done that, Marek?
“You weren’t expected until tomorrow,” a young man said coming to sit at the desk. “What you’re wearing is unacceptable.”
“Right.” Savannah quickly took off the cape and then shed the full length uniform top layer to the summer uniform beneath. “Better?”
He looked confused and Savannah took advantage of his hesitance. “I am dressed appropriately now. Do I just go this way then?”
He got up and came around the desk as Savannah set the clothes she’d taken off on the desk corner. “I’ll take you.” When he turned to the right Savannah saw a metal plate covering the right side of his scalp. You will be in inventory. We can’t have you on the floor.”
“Wherever I can be of use, sir,” she said.
The young man stood a little taller at the title of sir. Savannah would have to remember that.
“You can call me Silver, everyone else does.” He knocked lightly on the silver plate on his head. “If you decide to volunteer somewhere else we won’t hold it against you. None of us would choose Armory if we were given a choice.”
“You won’t be rid of me that easily Mr. Silver, sir.”
He smiled awkwardly as if it was an expression unfamiliar to his face.
“I wasn’t trying to be rid of you. It’s just as I said. No one chooses Armory.” He opened a second set of doors. “The inventory is taken in the center inventory room. The walkway has yellow lines on each side. Stay in the middle and don’t talk to anyone working. It’s going to get hot.” He sealed the doors they’d just come through and then opened the next set.
Steam, heat and stuffiness surrounded Savannah and Silver. She followed him down the path into even stronger heat.
***** 
“When she selected Armory you didn’t discourage her?” Avidan asked Marek.
“No, sir. She has a mind of her own. She is allowed to change her mind so I saw no harm in it.”
Avidan nodded. “True enough. Perhaps when she quits you might encourage her to volunteer in the strategy offices. It’s a clerical position suited for a delicate woman like Savannah.”
“Yes, sir.”
Avidan rocked on his heels. “Everyone is very interested in this bride, Marek. The people of Humanity are inquiring after her, our own soldiers are making note of where she is, who she sees and even how she looks at her Paladin guard.”
“Savannah has a way of befriending and charming people, sir.”
“She respects you, Marek. I think you can help her more than the rest of us.”
Marek knew there was more coming. This wasn’t just a friendly conversation. Avidan didn’t do those.
I want you to take her to Humanity to see her family. She needs to smile and show Humanity that Paladin Keep is a great place. Show her the new home of her family and let her see the sick brother.” Avidan looked back over his shoulder to check for anyone who might overhear him.
“I don’t want her speaking about Klaas negatively here or in Humanity. Express to her this is the agreement if she is to visit Humanity.”
Marek nodded keeping his feelings from manifesting on his face. “Yes, sir.”
“Good man. Be sure to check on Savannah in the Armory. The men from Armory can’t afford to visit the brothel very often.”
“Yes, sir,” Marek said.
Avidan looked off toward the Armory. “Good then.” He clasped his hands behind his back as he walked away.
Chapter Sixteen
Savannah was counting gloves fitted with sharp spikes at the knuckles. She couldn’t help but wonder what or who would the Paladins be fighting to need gloves with spikes.
“You came,” Blade said entering the inventory room. “I suppose you must fear greatly for your life.” He sighed as he looked at her. “I can’t believe they gave that toad another pick.”
“Me either,” Savannah said causing Blade’s bushy eyebrows to rise. He laughed before he could catch himself.
He cleared his throat. “Be careful who you say things like that in front of.”
“I will. But I am pretty good at reading people, Mr. Blade. You’re one of the good ones.”
Blade made a “humph” sound and opened a drawer on his left. “The Armory is the garbage of Paladin Keep.”
“Why would you say that?”
“This is where the maimed or unfit soldiers end up, girl. We are paid only enough to exist. Our hours keep us from socializing with the other Paladins. We are the Paladins not to be seen with.”
Blade removed a gun from the drawer. “I think this might be useful to you. It causes temporary paralysis. This way if it is turned against you it won’t take your life.”
Savannah accepted the small gun from him noticing he took extra care not to touch her as he handed it over.
“I’ve been to the doctor and properly cleaned. I don’t carry any diseases from Humanity. You are safe to come in contact with my skin.”
Blade closed his eyes as he shook his head. “I’m not an idiot. I know you’ve been cleared to be at Paladin Keep. I just don’t like to be touched.”
Savannah nodded noting how red his face got and the way his eyebrows dipped low with a scowl. “Of course you’d know. I’m sorry.”
She was holding the gun pointed toward the ground and hoping she didn’t look as awkward holding it as she felt.
Blade opened several drawers pulling out several more items. “This red pill is poisonous.” He held up a red capsule.” This stick has a button on each end. Press the button, drop the stick at the feet of yourself or your enemy and an electric magnetic shield will surround the person who has it at their feet.”
He handed her the stick and pill by dropping them into her open hand. “Here is a belt you can wear beneath your clothing. I don’t think you will be able to conceal any more weapons. At least not on this trip.”
Blade rubbed his hands together. “I’ll understand if you don’t come back. Silver said Avidan came to see you just outside the entrance. I can imagine he doesn’t want you volunteering here.”
“I didn’t stick around long enough to find out. If I don’t come back I’ll still be very glad to have met you. I hope you won’t let Paladin Keep decide your worth, Mr. Blade. It’s just a place made up of rules by people who are flawed. No matter how good their intentions, it doesn’t make them right.” Savannah was lecturing herself along with Blade, she realized.
Blade considered her for a moment. “I’m glad to have met you too, Savannah.”
After he left Savannah strapped the belt and weapons on. It was a good thing she would have that cape to cover up her extra supplies.
But does it really matter if I cover up my weapons?
Blade had known what she’d been after and he hadn’t had more insight than anyone else.
Savannah opened another drawer. This one had knives with three prongs or blades with the one in the center being the longest. She found one outfitted with brass knuckles and strapped on a new belt that went across her hips and strapped on the knife on her right hip.
She continued to skim through drawers but ended up sticking with what she already had since many of the weapons she didn’t know and the others were too bulky.
Armory workers came and went delivering weapons. Savannah did her best to be friendly without coming on too strong. It was as Blade had said. Most of the men who came through were missing limbs and had them replaced by mechanical limbs.
Savannah didn’t want them to feel pitied though she did feel badly they had sacrificed to keep Humanity safe and were then stuck in an oven to work in solitude. She treated them as equals though she felt they were much braver than she.
By the end of the work day she had made a few new friends and was armed.
Blade arrived as she hung up the last clipboard. “I’ll see you safely out,” he said. 
“I can find my own way. You don’t have to trouble yourself.”
“Marek has come to check on you at least five times and I don’t know if he has returned to meet you at the entrance.”
Savannah nodded. ‘Thank you, Blade.”
They began their walk through the heat and Blade just started talking. “Before I came to Armory back when I was a soldier I got to visit Humanity. One day I was put in charge of the correction post and spent the day on my feet. I didn’t notice it though. It was a privilege to get to spend the whole day in Humanity.
“When I went to the brothel that night the woman offered to rub my feet. I declined the offer, I’d never had anyone rub my feet. The dear woman went to work anyway. It wasn’t until she began to massage my feet that I realized how much they hurt.
“It’s the same with touch. We go months without any real human contact. Before I worked here, Savannah, I had no idea how painful loneliness can be.”
Savannah blinked rapidly trying to keep her tears from spilling.
“The system is wrong to keep you and the soldiers from having the chance to go to Humanity. Maybe there is something I can do about that.”
Blade laughed again. “No, girl. You just stay alive. That will be miracle enough for me.”
“Blade, do you know what happened to the other two brides?”
His smile vanished completely. “Not exactly. I saw them removing her body in the middle of the night. The sheet was stained with blood. The body must have suffered dismemberment because one of the soldiers is rumored to have found a finger.”
Savannah curled her fingers into her palms. “Maybe I should go back for the spiked gloves.”
“I don’t want to scare you but I also would not be able to live with myself if I didn’t warn you.”
“Thank you. Who is the soldier who found the finger?”
Blade frowned, rubbing his jaw. “His name is Ocean. I believe it is.” He nodded. “Yes, it’s Ocean. That was the first one. They were better about getting rid of the second body.”
“That’s more than I knew before. Thank you, Blade.”
Marek was in the front room of the Armory. He seemed relieved when he saw her.
***** 
Thanks to what Avidan had said about the men being without the companionship of a woman, all Marek could think of was her being attacked by some huge, sweaty, beast of a man in the inventory room.
Marek had checked on her repeatedly when he should have been finding out about Louis from Dr. Reginald.
Finally, she was finished with her shift. Unfortunately, she was putting all those unnecessary layers on again. “You’ll find Paladin Keep to be a pleasant temperature. You won’t need all of those clothes,” Marek couldn’t help saying.
Savannah just smiled as she quickly stepped into a pair of black uniform pants and pulled them up over the fitted pair of shorts she was already wearing.
“Is Klaas jealous of the men looking at you? Is that why you’re in layers?”
Marek asked once they left the armory.
Savannah laughed. “Well, since Klaas invited you in to look at my naked rearend I seriously doubt it.”
“That’s not all I saw.” Marek grinned as she widened her eyes at him. “You are wearing the knife on your hip for all to see. I assume that’s because you know how to use it.”
“No. It’s to let whoever killed the other brides know that I’m not going down without a fight.”
Marek knew he would need to show her how to use the knife since she planned on keeping it. He was glad she was a fighter but that didn’t mean he wanted her fighting. Marek fully intended to be the one to intercept the killer.
“Speaking of the killer I found out something today. Do you know a soldier named Ocean?”
“No. Why?”
Savannah turned her torso in his direction a bit more as they walked. “I think he may have helped move the bride’s body. He might know something.”
“I’ll look into it.”
“Or we could together.”
Marek believed Ezra when he had warned him that asking questions was dangerous. Things were already dangerous enough for Savannah. “We’ll see,” he said.
They reached Savannah’s room which meant his was next door. “Savannah?”
“Yes, Marek?” She paused in her doorway.
“Would you like to join me for dinner with the Paladins?”
When she smiled at him he couldn’t help smiling himself. “I’d love too. As long as you don’t think it will disturb the other Paladins.”
Disturb? The Paladins would eat mud if it meant they got to eat with Savannah at their table.
“No, I’m certain it won’t.”
“I’ll just change then and knock on your door.”
Marek nodded. “Knock on the wall if you need me.”
Her green eyes warmed drifting over his torso as a small smile curved her lips. She was blushing as she stepped into her room saying, “Will do.”
It seemed Sexy Savvy was feeling the same attraction he was.
Marek entered his room and took in his new space. Marek’s large bed had been downsized to one that would fit a teenage girl. His clothing was hung for him and his personal items were in a box on the empty chest of drawers.
“Home sweet home,” Marek said frowning at the bed.
Is this supposed to discourage me from having Savannah share my sheets?
The thought had him picturing Savannah coming into his room wearing nothing but the cape. All he would need would be the invitation. Marek would run his hands over her round breasts through the cape and let the anticipation build before he dipped a hand beneath the fabric and caressed the smooth skin of her stomach.
His erection pulsed against the restraint of his zipper and reminded Marek he was daydreaming like some inexperienced adolescent.
Marek shot to the bathroom for a cold shower. Savannah was probably almost ready.
He turned the water as cold as it could go and jumped in. The freezing spray of water did very little to cool his desire for Savannah though it did clear the fatigue from his body.
How had he come to this? Daydreaming of a woman he really didn’t know all that well to the point of obsession.
He remembered back to the pharmacy when he’d first seen her. That nasty woman had been insulting Savannah over some man named Ryan.
“Who the hell is Ryan?” Marek asked aloud at the surge of possessiveness that surged through him.
Chapter Seventeen
Savannah hid the weapons about her room and bathroom. Marek was usually with her when she was away from her bedroom so she felt it best to hide everything except the knife.
Everyone had already seen her wearing it and she wanted it to be the focal point. If they always associated her with the knife they wouldn’t see the other weapons coming.
At least that was what she hoped.
She wasn’t returning to the Armory until the next day so after a quick shower she dressed in the long sleeve uniform and hid the digital disk with her medical record on it in her bra again.
Her underwear wasn’t the safest hiding place. She’d need to find somewhere safe to hide it that Klaas would never think to look.
There was a knock at her door before it opened a crack. “Are you covered up?” Klaas asked.
Savannah fisted her hands at her sides. “Yes, I’m dressed. You may enter.”
Klaas closed the door behind himself and came at her so fast she grabbed for the knife on her hip but he caught her wrist and twisted it forcing her to drop it.
“Why did you go to the doctor?” He asked in a low and dangerous tone. “What does he know?”
Savannah tried to back up toward the wall but he held her in place. “Sleeping pills. I haven’t been able to sleep, Klaas.”
“Show me then,” he said shaking his head as though she already knew she couldn’t prove such a lie.
Savannah pointed out the package of sleeping pills she’d set on the sink countertop. “Look, they’re right there.”
Klaas released the wrist he was twisting. “You’re such an ungrateful little creature, Savannah. I am protecting you, I’m sacrificing for you and you don’t appreciate any of it.”
“Protecting me from whom? You?” Savannah backed away rubbing her wrist.
“You embarrassed me in front of Georgia. Don’t you understand how important I am? I’m next to run Paladin Keep. Me. I can’t just ignore what you’ve done, Savannah.”
Savannah had been about to knock on the wall but Klaas’ threats were scaring her. Klaas could hurt her. She just didn’t know if he was smart enough to know how.
“What are you going to do, Klaas?”
His face was intense in his expression. Tears spilled down his face as he closed the space between them.
“I see how you look at him.”
Savannah didn’t have to ask who he was talking about. Marek was with her all the time and if the fantasies she’d been having were any indication she probably looked at him as though he were her hero or something along that line.
“He isn’t the only one you care about here or at home. What if I evict them from the Paladin homes and let them scramble for shelter?”
“Klaas, you can only threaten the people I love so long. Just tell me what you want, what you expect from me and I’ll do my best to do it. If you want to carry on with Georgia or anyone else go ahead. I didn’t understand that you didn’t want me like that. So tell me how you do want me, Klaas.”
The tears stopped as he nodded. “I want you to never speak against me. Play nice in front of everyone. Outside of that, just stay the hell away from me.”
“Okay.”
“You still have to pay for your trespass, Savannah.”
Savannah didn’t want to wait and see what Mr. Crazy came up with. “Klaas, you’re wrong about that. I have been punished. It hurt me to see you with another woman. It hurt me to learn that I disgust you. We are even and I will do what you’ve asked.”
“And you’ll stop going to the Armory. You have to pick something else. You’re getting too much attention. Just disappear into Paladin Keep.”
Disappear?
Savannah wished she’d taken more weapons from the armory.
“I think the armory is like disappearing around here, isn’t it?”
“Don’t ever go there again.”
Savannah started to argue but remembered he could come up with some twisted punishments if she didn’t watch herself. “As you wish.”
“As you wish, husband,” he corrected. “We’re married. Remember?” 
Klaas picked up the knife and threw it, the knuckled handle protruded from the wall next to the closet. “Don’t carry a weapon. You’re not fooling anyone. You’re such a disappointment.” He left her room and the door wide open.
“Same here,” Savannah wanted to yell after him but held herself back, keeping the volume of her voice quiet.
He wants me to disappear? Does he think less people will notice after he kills me that I am gone?
Savannah closed her door. Two weeks and one day and then you can leave this place and go back to Humanity. Until then all you have to do is survive, Savannah told herself.
She went and changed into one of the dresses from her closet since Klaas had dripped his foul smelling sweat all over her uniform. It was a new dress. She supposed Virginia had added it to her closet. It was lilac purple and made of such fine material.
Is this chiffon?
The dress had a sweetheart neckline and empire waist. The sleeves were cap sleeved and the length of the filmy soft skirt went all the way to the floor, shoes would pick it up perfectly.
Savannah found the matching shoes.
When she went to the mirror she gasped at the perfection of the gown. She looked like a princess from one of the books in the library.
It was a shame Savannah wouldn’t be allowed to show the dress off properly. Klaas had taken her word that she would keep covered up and try not to get attention.
Her green eyes were drawn to the knife protruding from the wall. It was best to give Klaas his way at least for the moment. Returning to the closet, Savannah retrieved the cloak she’d made and couldn’t help frowning at it.
Three knocks sounded on her door. “Come in,” Savannah called as she exited the closet. She swung the cloak about her shoulders as Marek crossed the threshold.
Quickly tying the cape at her collarbone, she started toward him. “Sorry, I hope I didn’t keep you waiting. Klaas came and…” Marek was looking at her cloak with a frown. “What is it?”
“Why are you wearing the cape thing? It doesn’t go at all with the dress or the perfect temperature of Paladin Keep.”
Marek wasn’t going to stop commenting about all the layers so she might as well tell him the truth so he would drop it. “Klaas is… he’s asked me to stay covered up. As I’ve already mentioned a few times to you now,” she said not quite as fully honest as she had set out to be.
Marek folded his arms with a doubtful expression on his face. “He didn’t seem the type the other night when he invited me in, as you mentioned the last time I asked.”
Savannah pretended her cheeks weren’t burning as he took a step closer to her. “I think,” Marek said standing closer than was conversational. “You are hiding weapons under there aren’t you?”
“No,” Savannah laughed taking a step back. Marek came with her.
“I don’t want you carrying weapons you don’t know how to use. Every man here knows how to use them and take them from you.”
He was so much bigger standing so close. His body smelled of soap that mixed with his own scent. It was masculine in a way that made Savannah want to breathe him in.
A nervous laugh bubbled up as she shook her head. “I don’t have any weapons on me. I took some but they’re hidden throughout my room,” she confessed feeling a little breathless.
Marek’s frown deepened. “You just can’t be honest with me can you? Are you sure there is nothing you’d like to declare?” His voice was a little quieter than his speaking voice and deeper too.
“You sound like you’re about to search me.”
“If you can’t be honest with me of your own free will, I’m inclined to show you I will get the truth out of you.”
“You don’t trust me?”
Marek said, “No, you don’t trust me. Why are you wearing so many layers all the time if you’re not hiding something? You didn’t wear layers like this in Humanity.”
Savannah’s lips pressed together as she met the challenge in his eyes. She’d be damned if she was going to admit to Marek that she disgusted her husband.
“Last chance, Savannah. Tell me what you’re hiding. I’m just trying to protect you.” Savannah continued to return the challenge in his gaze. “You leave me no choice.”
His warm hands brushed the cape from her shoulders and an ignited chill zigzagged down the column of her spine.
Marek gave her a hard look as if to offer her one last chance to confess. Savannah raised one eyebrow at him in response. His nostrils flared and his heated blue eyes stayed with her as he lowered himself in front of her.
She waited for her body to stiffen up as it has with Ryan. She wasn’t good with intimacy.
Savannah held her breath. She could feel the warmth of his hands as they passed over the contours of her legs through her dress. They left a trail of sizzling heat that as it cooled it tingled in complaint at the absence of his touch.
He straightened and Savannah relaxed.
Good he is finished.
Marek’s fingers brushed her skin just above her cleavage as he pulled the tie of her cloak. “Nothing to declare, Savannah?”
“You’ve already asked me that.”
He moved around behind her. He was close. Savannah could feel his breath on her neck. Her heart was pounding on her chest.
Controlling her breathing she took a slow exhale and a deep inhale. His hands cupped her behind squeezing lightly and lingering longer than Savannah thought necessary. “Okay, proceed,” Savannah said unable to execute the commanding tone she had been going for.
“I’ve got to be sure, don’t I?” She could hear the smile in his voice and was glad he didn’t see the one that touched her lips before she fixed a passive expression in place.
His magical hands followed the curve of her bottom down to the juncture of her legs. She could feel her heart beat as he applied the same firm pressure over her womanhood.
Savannah’s eyes shut as strong sensations washed over her. His hands pulsed a couple of times before the slow plunge down her inner thighs to her ankles.
She opened her eyes as he stood up. Savannah was breathing harder and tingling all over with a throbbing demand for something more.
“Okay well. That solves that mystery,” she said stepping forward.
Marek caught her shoulders. “We’re not done yet, unless you’re going to declare what you’re hiding.”
What? I can’t imagine where else?
Marek’s hands ran down her arms and then along the curve of her stomach to the tiniest part of her waist. The outside of both of his thumbs ran along the underside of her breasts that began to swell at the thought of his hands touching her there and gently squeezing like he had with every other revved up inch of her body.
The digital file!
Savannah opened her mouth to confess about Klaas as his hands cupped the weight of her breasts in his hands. His thumbs brushed firmly across her nipples. It felt so good she forgot she was supposed to stop him.
She let her head drop back against his shoulder and chest as his thumbs circled the twin peaks of her swelling breasts.
“Are you insane?”
Marek released her from his grasp, popping the bubble of pleasure and bringing her back into the moment, where Ezra was slamming the open door behind him and staring at the two of them with eyes bugging out of his head.
“What the hell was that?” His voice screeched much higher than was natural.
Savannah did her best to compose herself. Reaching down she snatched up the cloak from the floor and turned to face Marek. “Satisfied?”
His blue eyes were full of desire as they met hers. “Not even close.”
Her body was crying out for him, and she could feel her face was flaming hot.
“You’ll have to be,” she said knowing she would confess anything he wanted her to say with his magic hands on her body. “I’ll be just a moment.” Savannah retreated to the bathroom.
Touching her neck and face with a cool cloth did nothing to put out the fire Marek had started. Looking at herself in the mirror and the swell of her boobs against the bodice of her dress, she began fanning her face with her hand. “You’re so screwed, Savannah.”
***** 
“You two are going to get yourselves killed. The door was cracked open.” Ezra pointed at the door. “I could’ve been Klaas or Avidan or Virginia. I could have been anyone with two flapping lips ready to share what I saw.”
Marek was so hard he didn’t know how he was going to walk. The need to finish what he had unintentionally begun with Savannah was not going away.
He knew the game of pretending that he didn’t want Savannah was over. There was no denying or hiding it now.
“Maybe I encouraged you too much. This isn’t worth your life, Marek. Savannah is supposed to be under your protection, not under you.”
Marek grinned. “She’ll be under both.”
“That’s the wrong head you’re using. You’re going to get yourself killed.”
“Ezra, Savannah is worth it. I would’ve picked her.”
Ezra shook his head and his finger at Marek. “Klaas beat you to it. You need to get your head on straight. Remember those two dead brides? Huh? Remember the cover up down in Humanity at the brothel? That’s the kind of people you’re dealing with. You get that?”
Marek was only getting a stronger resolve to keep her safe and to win her heart. “I will be more careful.” It was all Marek could say to comfort his friend.
“That’s not good enough.”
Marek put his hand on Ezra’s shoulder. “I could say the same with the risks you and Maryland are taking.”
Ezra grinned. “Yeah, I guess we’re both idiots but you’re worse. What were you thinking?”
The bathroom door opened and Savannah came out with her face raised, her eyes meeting Ezra’s first and then Marek’s. “Let’s eat something. I’m hungry.”
“Me too,” Marek said and enjoyed the way Savannah blushed as she tried not to look at him. This was going to be fun getting the truth out of Savannah.
Ezra covered his eyes while he shook his head at Marek. “I’d better walk with you. Marek hasn’t got himself pulled together quite yet.”
Savannah took his elbow as Marek noticed the knife sticking out of the wall. “Did you throw that knife?” He asked pulling the door shut behind them.
“No. Klaas was showing me why I shouldn’t be carrying it.” She gave him a pointed look.
“Because he’ll throw it into the wall?”
Savannah rotated her right hand in a circle. “No, because I’m easily disarmed and I don’t know how to use it. Sound familiar?”
“Did I miss a knock on the wall?”
“No. I was fine.” She smiled, but it wasn’t reassuring. “Aren’t we going to the Humanity kitchen first?” Savannah asked Ezra cutting Marek out of the conversation.
Ezra gave a cocky grin to Marek before answering, “No, don’t need to. They’ll bring you something. Marek told them you’d be dining with us.”
“Told who?”
Ezra puffed up his chest as they entered the main hall. “The kitchen staff, of course.”
“Right,” Savannah said as Marek caught her peeking over at him.
The main hall practically burst at the sight of Savannah. Gill, Fabian, and even Avidan came to sit at the same table as well as many of the other Paladin soldiers.
“It’s a rare treat to have a proper lady dine with us.” Gill drooled at her hanging off the very end of the bench seat.
Avidan seated himself across from Savannah and found himself crowded on each side. “Where is Klaas? I thought you would be together this evening,” he said to Savannah.
Savannah had that nervous smile on again. “We’ll be meeting up this evening. Klaas is a dedicated soldier, you know. He keeps very busy.” 
She folded her hands together on the table and then lowered them to her lap before wiping them on her dress. Marek, at her right, reached over and took her hand in his on her lap. She held on tight.
Sliced ham over mashed potatoes and gravy were placed in front of Savannah. Ezra leaned in close. “Oh sweet salty pig meat.” He salivated at her left.
“I’m sorry does this bother you, Ezra?”
Marek shook his head at his friend.
“Nope. Just pointing out what you’re eating in case it’s foreign to these guys.” Ezra looked as though he might cry, looking at her plate.
Fabian, who was seated further down the table leaned forward to say, “You look especially ravishing in that dress, Savannah.”
“Thank you.” Savannah smiled.
“You do look especially beautiful,” Avidan agreed. “I’m sorry Klaas is missing this chance to see you in it.”
The broth in large goblets was served to everyone else at the table and everyone began to eat. Savannah released his hand to use her fork. Marek left his hand on her lap, enjoying the intimacy of the contact.
There was very little conversation until Avidan left, and then the questions came flying. The Paladins were almost as captivated with Savannah as he was.
“I saw you got yourself a knife today. I would be glad to be the man to show you how to use it properly,” one of the Paladins at the table offered before an argument of who the best with a knife was.
“Do you have a sister?” Another asked. Savannah’s eyes lit up and she told them about many lovely girls who were of age back at Humanity. She was a matchmaker at work.
“Paris, if you intend to go to the Picking next time as you say I hope you won’t swear so much you’ll scare the poor girls away. You’re handsome but that won’t make up for harsh language.”
Paris was beaming after hearing the word handsome sending Marek and Ezra into a fit of laughter he was oblivious to under Savannah’s attention.
Marek watched as Savannah spoke with each Paladin at the table. Even when it was only a word or two she had a way of connecting.
Half the Paladins jumped when Savannah gasped, “Look it’s Silver. Let’s have him join us.”
It was awkward for the Paladins to be around Armory because the men in Armory were not allowed to go to the battlefield, border protection or Humanity very often.
“I’ll invite him over,” Savannah said before anyone could break it to her that it wouldn’t work out well. The table of soldiers watched as she asked and then pleaded with Silver to join the table. He followed sheepishly behind her and Savannah pointed between two soldiers where he should sit.
“Hey, Silver,” Marek said. Silver probably didn’t want to see him again since he’d been harassing him his whole shift to check on Savannah. 
Silver gave him a curt nod.
“Mr. Silver is one of my supervisors down at the Armory.” That was all she had to say before the Paladins forgot they had little in common and bombarded him with questions about what Savannah wore and did she always call him sir.
Marek had to tell them to watch it with a few of their questions. He looked to see if Savannah had been offended but she was deep in thought not hearing a word anyone at the table was saying.
“Are you fantasizing about me again?” Marek asked in a whisper near her ear. Savannah only gave him a half smile. Whatever she was thinking about must have been serious. Marek squeezed her thigh. “Are you going to tell me about the knife? Why didn’t you knock on the wall?”
“I don’t know when and what to knock for. If Klaas starts doing that heavy breathing crying thing he does, can I knock for that or do I have to wait until there is a clear threat?
“I don’t know what Paladins are allowed to do with their wives. Can he hit me and get away with it?”
Marek had to stop himself from gathering her into his arms. There was plenty of flapping lips as Ezra would say, “Tell you what, Savannah, if Klaas sneezes in a way you don’t like, knock on the wall. If you get cold or find you have a need for a back rub in the nude, I want you to knock.”
Savannah looked at him like she was getting ready to chide a small child wearing a smile she knew she shouldn’t be wearing. Then she saw someone past him and stood. “I want to invite, Blade.”
“Blade?” Ezra laughed. “He won’t squeeze into this table full of people.” 
“Hush yourself, Ezra. Since when can you tell the future?”
Ezra wasn’t the least bit put in his place. He started boasting about how he likely could read minds with his superior intellect. The men laughed but Marek was watching Savannah with Blade.
She’s known him what, a day? Already she’s knocked through his iron walled exterior.
He would never have believed it if he hadn’t seen it with his own two eyes.
Chapter Eighteen
“Thank you but not going to happen. I won’t be rubbing elbows with the novice Paladins.”
Savannah nodded not the least bit surprised. “I wanted to tell you that you were right. I’ve been ordered not to volunteer in Armory.”
“I understand,” Blade said turning away.
“Wait,” Savannah said. “We’re friends aren’t we, Blade?”
Blade made a noise in his throat. Savannah didn’t know if that was a yes or no, so she hoped for the best and hopped in anyway. “I was wondering if you could make a lock for my door?”
“Locks aren’t allowed on bride rooms.”
“What?”
Blade sighed looking down at the goblet in his hand. “It’s a repopulating block. At least that’s what they said when they made the rule.”
“This is insanity. My body is not a baby making factory-”
“I will make your lock,” Blade said. He smiled to himself as he walked away. Savannah watched him go wondering what had him in the Armory. She could detect no disability, injury or slowness about him.
Someone approached she assumed was Marek until they spoke. “Savannah? You’re not eating in the Humanity Kitchen?” Virginia asked looking Savannah over with one lowered brow. “Did you order that dress? It’s lovely but must have cost more than three thousand coin.” She touched the dress. “Silk chiffon? This is much too extravagant.”
“I didn’t order the dress,” Savannah said.
“Ah, Klaas must be coming around.” She smiled nodding with approval. 
A cold chill ran down Savannah’s back as she considered how the dress had found its way into her closet.
Klaas wouldn’t have purchased the dress would he? Would Marek? It’s obviously not Virginia.
“Where is Klaas? Surely he’d want to see you in such a gown.”
Savannah considered telling Virginia to call him herself to find out but she had promised Klaas to pretend she was happily married.
“He is working.”
Virginia’s smile fell. “Is that what he told you? Klaas is the son of the Head Paladin. He makes his own hours. You’re not wooing him enough.”
“What is it you want me to do Virginia? Rip off his clothes?”
“If that’s what it takes. We have to have an heir.”
Savannah shook her head with brows drawn forward. “You have Klaas. There is time for another heir.”
“Look, I’ve seen how you look at your personal guard. You’re distracted from what a proper wife should be doing.”
“What happens if I don’t get pregnant? Does the world end, Virginia? You know maybe Klaas can’t perform with me because of all the pressure.”
Virginia smiled at the young man who passed by as she caught Savannah’s arm in her firm grasp. “Paladin soldiers don’t have trouble performing. My son could populate Humanity with how often he visits the brothel. The failure under pressure is yours.”
“How about this, you give me two weeks. If in two weeks I haven’t managed to meet your approval, you can send me back to Humanity in shame.”
“You must realize how lucky you are to be here. Do you know how surprised I was to hear my son picked a woman so mature? Quite literally you have beaten the odds.”
Marek joined them, and Savannah tried not to look as relieved as she felt. “Your food is getting cold, Savannah,” he said.
“That’s true, please excuse me.” Savannah bolted back for the table and was welcomed by the soldiers.
“I hope he doesn’t talk to her all night, I’ve got a date.” Ezra looked past her where Marek stood getting an ear full from Virginia. Savannah knew he was taking the brunt of Virginia’s displeasure.
Poor Marek.
“A date? With who, Ezra?”
“My woman.” Ezra smiled but it was different than the boasting smile he’d been wearing. This one was warm, and his eyes got all dreamy.
Savannah sighed rolling her eyes. Why are the normal ones avoiding the Picking?
Technically, she knew why they were avoiding it. Still, Ezra would make his special lady a great husband.
“You love her, don’t you, Ezra?” Savannah asked though she already knew the answer.
“I sure do,” he said quietly to Savannah.
“Ay, hey, Ezra. Tell us again of the old world, yeah?” Gill asked.
Ezra laughed. “Sure I will. Back in my old community there were greenhouses heated and such. We had tropical fruits you can’t get here. The weather is too cold. Have you ever heard of a pineapple, Savannah?”
“That sounds very bitter.”
“No, it’s sweet and the meat of the fruit is bright yellow.”
Gill leaned forward knocking over his empty goblet. “Tell her what happens if you eat too much.”
The table got rowdy with everyone turning on Gill. “That isn’t a story for a lady.” They were scolding him.
“But now I want to know.” Savannah smiled at Ezra.
“It’s a very acidic fruit.” Ezra got a little red in the face. “Let’s just say it burns coming out when you’ve put too much in your mouth. My brothers and I learned that the hard way when we had an extra one year.”
Savannah leaned forward then. “There are still other communities out there?”
“What did you think we were protecting Humanity from?” One of the Paladins asked.
“Wild, radiation mutated beasts or something. Why not let the other communities join us? There would be less stress for reproduction if our numbers were larger.”
The Paladins shook their heads at Savannah like she was suggesting someone paint the clouds green.
“My old home is gone now. Other more savage groups came in the night and slaughtered the people, my family. My father and I were the only ones who made it out alive.”
Savannah sat up trying to soak his words in. “I’m so sorry. Where is your father now?”
“He died before the Paladin doctors could save him.”
She put her hand on his wrist. “I’m so sorry for your loss.”
Ezra nodded. “Thank you.”
The table grew quiet and Savannah felt badly she’d saddened Ezra.
“So when you say burns, do you mean like fire?”
Ezra jumped on the change in topic and went on to admit that he and his brothers had to sit in the mud without any britches on to treat the burns.
The men were crying they were laughing so hard. Savannah enjoyed the fellowship the group offered.
Klaas might be bad but these men are good.
***** 
“Her hair is still long, and she just tried to strike a bargain with me to get out of Paladin Keep,” Virginia said in a low volume but her tone told of the boiling rage beneath the surface.
“Virginia, she’s only been here a couple of days. She just needs more time to get used to her new home.”
She stepped in closer. “Marek, you like Savannah. You’re attracted to her. I can see you want her. We all can.”
Marek began to protest but Virginia continued. “Have your way with her and get her pregnant. We have to have an heir.”
He stood looking at her with the anger he felt boiling over. “Savannah is a person. She’s not cattle to be bred at will and neither am I.”
“Why are you bulking at this? It’s what you want. I can see Savannah wants you too. Even if she protests I’ve just given you permission to have your way with her. Why not indulge yourself?”
“Because I’m not an animal and because Klaas is unfit to raise a baby least of all mine.”
Virginia’s eyes rounded at him. Gasping she took a step back. “You will apologize at once.”
Marek didn’t want to be removed from Savannah. He put his hand over his heart and bowed his head. “I am sorry. Please forgive my words brought on by fatigue.”
“Perhaps we both spoke out of turn.” Her black eyes were still looking at him as though he was a walking carcass with her crow like resemblance. “Be careful with Vannah she needs to do her part for Paladin Keep. Not for herself or you. We all have responsibilities.”
Marek had to keep his mouth shut so he wouldn’t say anything else offensive.
“Klaas isn’t going to visit her tonight that much is clear so your duty to watch over her will carry through tonight. Don’t let her down.”
Virginia waved her hand to dismiss him like she was dusting crumbs off a tabletop.
Marek decided to forget that Virginia in her desperation to save face had encouraged him to sleep with Savannah. Her plans had nothing to do with his.
Ezra hopped up from his seat at the table at Marek’s approach. “Looks like it’s safe for me to head out.”
“Can you talk to Asia for me?” Marek gave him a pointed look.
“Yeah, yeah. I guess.” Ezra returned the same expression he’d just received. “No red, okay man?”
He smiled slightly acknowledging their battlefield farewell. They used it when they were going to fight outside Paladin Keep though it actually went against warring itself.
It’d started after their first experience on the battlefield. They’d both been younger and when they had returned their hands were stained in the red blood of the enemy. Nightmares found them after that, filled with the bloodshed.
Marek and Ezra both went out on patrol hoping they wouldn’t have to kill anyone. Once they earned higher ranks their saying had grown to mean keep your hands clean and out of trouble.
“No red,” Marek answered. “We’d better be getting along too.” He didn’t look at Savannah as he spoke because he knew she’d ask questions. The Paladins groaned in protest.
“Will you be dining with us again tomorrow?” Fabian asked.
“I will if you’d like me to,” Savannah said looking around the table. She received countless invitations and promised to return the following evening.
Marek touched the crook of her arm to encourage her to keep moving. The soldiers didn’t want to let her go. She allowed him to lead her out into the hallway before asking, “It’s still early isn’t it?”
“It’s not that early.”
Savannah shrugged and then played with the skirt of her dress as they made their way back to her room. Marek could see she was fidgeting out of nerves and worry. He opened her door and cleared it before allowing her to enter.
He kept a straight face as he delivered the news he knew would thrill her. “We’re going to Humanity tomorrow. I thought you could use the rest. You don’t want Humanity to see those sleepy eyes and worry, do you?”
“Really? Will I get to see my family?”
Marek laughed as he closed her door with them both inside. “Of course. Avidan doesn’t want Humanity to worry about sending their daughters to the Picking. We have to keep everything we say positive.”
Savannah nodded obediently. “I hope Nevada is feeling better but I guess it’s only been a couple of days.”
“I’m sure he is. Paladin medicine is fast acting and effective.” She was smiling at him in a way that made him want to perform a second body search. His body was still charged up from the first.
Marek cleared his throat. He had his hand on the doorknob when he asked, “Are you going to sleep in front of the door again?”
Savannah looked over at the bed. “I think I’ll sleep better if I do.”
Marek sighed forcefully. Something was obviously up. Every time they were in her room all she did was wince and shiver when she looked at the bed. He needed answers. “Are you going to tell me what you’re hiding or shall I finish searching your person?”
Chapter Nineteen
Savannah hugged her cape closer around her form. If she wasn’t careful she would be confessing everything from her virginity to her first night at Paladin Keep with Klaas with the disc as proof.
“Okay,” she said already breathless and pulsing at the thought of his touch. “Klaas is disgusted by me. He confessed to me that I make him physically ill. I promised him I would keep covered up.”
Marek’s mouth turned up at the corners just before he burst out laughing. Savannah watched him with a scowl on her face as he wiped his eyes. “Savannah,” he said. “You’re going to have to do better than that. The key to a lie is it has to be remotely believable.”
This was turning out to be more humiliating than she had anticipated. Maybe she should just submit to the search. Her core heated with a jolt of energy at the thought of Marek’s hands on her again. No way. She couldn’t let him search her again. “I’m serious.”
Marek’s expression began to lose the humor it held and an edge of danger began to take its place. “This is not a game. It’s about your safety. I’m talking about your life.” Marek gestured to the knife in the wall.
“Klaas asked me to strip down naked after he’d gone to the brothel and when I did what he asked.” Savannah looked away from him and down at her hands.
“He left to go to another woman. To quote him he said that looking at me he couldn’t get hard so overcome with revulsion was he.” A tear ran down her face but she refused to acknowledge it. “Not great for getting Virginia off my back.”
She chanced a glance over at Marek but he’d already begun moving toward her so she quickly averted her eyes. He was going to hug her and show sympathy. His actions were going to bring her to tears. 
“No, I don’t want your pity pat,” she said holding her hand out between them to keep him at a distance. Instead, her hand ended up with her palm pressing against his impossibly solid chest. Her voice shook with what she assured herself was nerves. “You insisted to know that I am repulsive to Klaas and now you do.”
Marek put his hand over Savannah’s guiding it down his chest and then slowly over his abdomen. 
“Marek-”
“Klaas is the repulsive one. I don’t know a single or married man here who wouldn’t give their right arm to be in his shoes.”
Savannah forced a smile and a laugh past her tight lips. “That’s not true.”
He guided her hand lower until it was over the hard bulge in his pants. His iron shaft was pressing relentlessly against the restraint of his clothing and into her palm.
Savannah gasped at his boldness.
Marek’s eyes were hot as they met her eyes. “Is this proof enough for you?” He asked his deep sexy voice inspiring a gooey, honey-like warmth in her core that spread quickly. Her body was consistently responding without her permission to Marek. 
“Marek!” Savannah tried to scold him, but she couldn’t be angry with him looking at her with such honest, smoldering desire. He was giving her the best ego boost she’d ever been given and the sensations he inspired inside of her were borderline intoxicating.
The feel of his hard member beneath her hand tempted her like no one ever had. She removed her hand quickly realizing she was still touching his pulsing shaft through his pants. 
Her cheeks were flaming as hot as the juncture between her legs. Still, she tried to pretend she was unaffected. “Well, thank you for setting me straight.”
He gave her a wicked grin that added a jolt of arousal through her core. “You are very welcome.”
“I promised Klaas I would cover up and to try not to get so much attention,” Savannah said looking at the knife in hopes of remembering her situation instead of how much Marek affected her.
“You naturally stand out, Savannah. You captivated the entire eating hall this evening. If anything your layers gain you extra attention.”
Why is he saying all the right things? I can’t fall for Marek. I’m leaving in two weeks.
“Klaas consummated the marriage. Obviously he said what he did to hurt you though I don’t know what his motivation would be.”
Savannah wasn’t sure how to respond to his statement. “Thank you. I’m sure you’re right.”
“Do you want me to sleep in here tonight?” That wicked grin was back.
“After the body search and your very generous reassurance I think that we need a wall between us.” 
Marek nodded. “I get it. I’d ruin you for any other man.”
Savannah laughed sharing his smile. “That’s exactly the reason,” she said thinking he was probably right even though she used a joking tone.
*****
Marek set up surveillance including the door bar which was a field of light surrounding her door that would sound an alarm to Marek’s room if anyone or thing crossed into the field of light.
The door bar was probably sufficient, but Marek set up cameras to watch her door as well. He wanted to see who was interested in entering her room at all. Anyone who considered it would be a suspect.
Marek wished he could just set up a harpoon to be free of Klaas. Marek wanted to be mad for Savannah that she was feeling rejected but he was ecstatic that Klaas wasn’t touching Savannah.
Whatever bizarre spell that Klaas was in distorted his view of Savannah. Marek hoped it lasted a long time.
The memory of her flushed face and mock outrage made him smile. He’d noticed her hand lingering and remembered the way she’d leaned into him when he’d filled his hands with her ripe breasts.
Damn it!
He was hard with need for Savannah again. If he didn’t get a grip on his desire for her he was going to be setting off the alarms himself.
If only she would knock he could put them both at ease, give them the relief they both needed.
“Come on, knock on the wall,” Marek pleaded not quite loud enough for her to hear him through the wall.
Hours passed and Marek watched every person that passed look at Savannah’s door. They were all curious of the new resident of Paladin Keep. Narrowing down suspects wasn’t going to be easy. With the odd hours kept by different ranks of Paladins made for different groups walking the halls at all hours.
Shawna crossed under the eye of the cameras. She was one of his ex’s that showed up now and then for a booty call. She was the very jealous type so Marek knew she’d be showing her face sooner or later. With a new female in town and on Marek’s radar she would want to see how she compared.
Shawna knocked on his door.
Marek sighed knowing he couldn’t use Shawna to offer him any relief. She would want more of his time and it was all reserved for Savannah. Even so she just didn’t compare.
When Marek opened the door, so did Savannah. She was wrapped in a bed sheet. Her hair was loose from the braid and messy in the sexiest way.
She was squinting at Shawna standing in front of his door with drowsy eyes and her full pink lips pursed.
“Hey, baby, do you wanna have some fun tonight?” Shawna asked him.
“It’s for me,” Marek told Savannah who was frowning at Shawna, her eyes squinting at her as if trying to make sense of her. She nodded and closed her door. Marek found he was a little disappointed Savannah wasn’t jealous but she was so tired she might not even remember the disturbance come morning.
“No, Shawna. I’m working and even if I weren’t I still don’t think it would be a good idea.”
“Yuck, she’s even prettier up close.” Shawna frowned.
Marek nodded. “She is beautiful.”
“And taken,” Shawna reminded him. “I’m not.”
“We both know you just like the competition. You lose this time, Shawna, and from the look on your face I think you knew you would.”
Shawna nodded slowly. “Yeah, I think I wanted to see that lovey dovey eyed look you’ve been giving her up close. You are taken with her. I’m sorry, Marek.”
Marek didn’t let the sting of her words show. “Good luck, Shawna. I’d say have fun tonight but we both know you will.”
She grinned nodding. “Bye.”
Marek closed the door wishing he hadn’t seen Savannah wrapped in that sheet. It was all he could think about. 
He set the camera to record and settled himself in his bed right up against the shared wall with Savannah. He would have to sleep though he knew he would know for sure if she was safe if he shared the same room with Savannah. 
The image of her pink full lips parting, crying his name as he took her against her door sprang to mind. He paused between his bed and door considering the idea of bringing that fantasy to life. Avidan and Klaas wouldn’t allow it but Virginia was on board.
Fisting his hands he sighed out his frustration. He’d only ever experienced women at the brothel who wanted him for the money he would give them or the Paladin women who only wanted validation. Savannah saw him. She challenged him and when they came together he wanted to see her honest and true desire for him.
If I last that long.
Marek sat on the bed leaning against the wall, watching the monitors. He must have dozed off, he realized as he was ripped from his dream of Savannah shedding the sheet and straddling him on his bed.
Damn it! Dreaming or not I’m constantly robbed of Savannah.
The monitor showed Ezra knocking on his door. Climbing out of bed Marek opened the door and let Ezra inside. “Hey brother. Enjoy the brothel?” Marek asked checking his watch.
“No. I spent my time reassuring Asia that you were coming back for Louis. The head Madam of the house is getting really put out that Asia’s not taking any new customers.”
“Sorry. Did I get you in trouble with Maryland?”
“Maryland knows she’s got me wrapped around her finger,” Ezra said with a broad smile. “Louis is getting pretty stir crazy himself.”
Marek nodded wiping the sleep from his eyes. “I’ll get him today.”
“Today? Everyone will be watching you.”
“Everyone will be watching, Savannah.”
Ezra grinned. “Are you going to be able to keep your eyes off her?” Marek scowled at his friend who laughed outright. “I’ll come with you two in case you get distracted or need help.”
Marek couldn’t turn him down. He knew he needed all the help he could get if they were going to successfully get Louis out of Humanity. “Thanks, Ezra.”
Chapter Twenty
It wasn’t until she was dressed that Savannah began to recall the young woman knocking on Marek’s door the night before and another knock early in the morning.
Obviously, she had no claim to Marek even if she was spending most of her time with him. Marek was assigned to watch her and she was losing sight of that fact. She was a job, an obligation.
“It’s a good thing really. It’s not like I’m staying,” she told her reflection in the mirror. She groaned realizing she was going to have to redo her French braid. “Next time I’ll skip the body search, thank you very much.”
Her nerves had her on edge. Her body seemed to have a mind of its own. It felt as though she had an overall unsatisfied feeling that made her want to punch Marek and kiss him all at once. It wasn’t as if she hadn’t had a man’s hands on her before. Ryan had touched her as much as she’d allowed him to anyway.
She’d kept her virtue, of course, but the last time she was with Ryan before they’d broken up they’d come so close to having sex and still she hadn’t responded then the way she was with Marek having only fondled her through her clothing in what he was calling a body search.
Her body, her soul responded to Marek as if he were her perfect match.
What a ridiculous notion. He is probably still romping with the latest visitor as I stand here fighting with my hair.
She froze when a knock sounded on her wall.
Does Marek need help?
Savannah launched out of the bathroom and yanked open her door to come face to face with Virginia.
So the knocking was a warning then? Right?
“Vannah, what are we doing? Your hair is very uncomely that way.” She looked around the room as she let herself into Savannah’s chamber. “It’s no wonder Klaas isn’t spending much time in here, Vannah. This is not a well kept room.” She shook her head at the mattress that was only halfway onto the bed.
“Don’t worry my team is coming to help you get ready for your visit to Humanity. We will have you looking the part.”
“The part? Everyone in Humanity knows me. I am the part.”
Virginia laughed a shrill sound. “No. You are now Savannah of Paladin Keep. When they look at you they will see a metamorphosis has taken place. The caterpillar has become a butterfly.”
“Caterpillar?”
“Just leave it to me.” When Virginia smiled her eyes were wide and it was those very black eyes that kept Savannah from asking any further questions.
She figured questions would slow her down anyway and Savannah was beside herself to see her family. If Nevada was better she would be a new woman.
Virginia presented her with a pale pink dress that ended mid thigh. She had white gladiator style boots that came up to her knees.
“Spray her legs and arms, Virginia said to Fabian who entered with two canisters. Fabian wiggled his eyebrows at Savannah. “You’re going to shine today darling.” He began spraying her arms while someone else applied a lip stain to her lips.
“You’ll cut her hair, Fabian,” Virginia directed as Fabian knelt to spray Savannah’s legs.
“No one is cutting my hair,” Savannah said moving away from all of the busy hands.
Virginia clasped her hands together at her waistline. “I’m afraid I must insist. It is dirty to have so much hair. You represent Paladin Keep now.”
“We can braid it to appear short. I am not cutting my hair.”
“Savannah, I think you’ll find that I always get my way. You do want to go to Humanity, don’t you?”
Savannah prayed Marek was right about the trip being necessary to reassure the residents. “My hair stays and that, Virginia, is final.”
Virginia began to argue and then paused as she spotted the knife stuck in the wall. “Well,” she sighed noisily. “It looks like Klaas chose from the bottom of the barrel this time.” Savannah was too happy to be keeping her hair to take offense at Virginia’s jab. 
“See that she’s presentable, Fabian. Clearly Savannah doesn’t value my eye for perfection.” She exited through the open doorway where Marek stepped aside to allow Virginia to pass.
How long has he been standing there?
Marek gave Savannah a nod and wink that told her he’d heard about her fight to keep her hair.
Too bad she didn’t actually know how to use the knife that won the fight for her.
“Close your eyes, beauty, I need to spritz your face,” Fabian said.
“What is that stuff?”
Fabian grinned. “It gives off a shine. It’ll show everyone what an angel you are.”
“Fabian, you flatter me.” Savannah smiled, her heart still pumping from her confrontation with Virginia.
Marek cleared his throat as he folded his muscular arms across his broad chest. Savannah closed her eyes and Fabian proceeded to douse her in the shiny spray.
A single knock sounded before Avidan entered her room. “Wow, you are still getting ready. I thought you would be ready to go. Virginia did this didn’t she?”
Savannah nodded, smiling at his understanding.
“I’ll just tip my hat to you then as I know she’s a lot to take in. I know you’ll remember to stay positive and keep your visit under three hours…” Avidan went on talking but Savannah couldn’t pay him the attention he deserved.
She was too distracted by Marek.
Is he looking at my legs?
Her eyes drifted down his lean, muscular body to his manhood. She still couldn’t believe he’d put her hand on him like he had. Marek was not small anywhere on his body, especially not the solid rod she’d held beneath her palm.
“Eyes up, naughty angel,” Fabian whispered as he continued to weave a braided crown with her hair.
Savannah’s cheeks were burning. She didn’t dare look at Marek in the face. Surely he had seen where she had been looking and knew where her mind was at. She could only imagine what he must be thinking of her.
Instead she looked at Avidan who smiled as he continued to speak on the importance of the relationship between Humanity and Paladin Keep.
***** 
Fabian was just as close as he could possibly be to Savannah. Didn’t she notice the way he looked at her? It was probably the same way Marek looked at her he realized. 
Avidan was giving a lecture and Marek watched as Savannah tuned him out. He wanted to laugh but obviously couldn’t.
The look in her eyes was so warm and curious as they swept over him that Marek had to distract himself or give himself away to Avidan that he wanted Savannah.
Three hours wasn’t going to give him much time to smuggle Louis out. He wasn’t going to allow Savannah to know of what he was doing until Louis was safe. This way if he was unsuccessful Savannah could be questioned and have nothing to bear in guilt.
Fabian whispered something to Savannah jerking Marek from his thoughts. Her eyes were still on Marek as her cheeks blushed profusely.
The way she avoided making eye contact with Marek after that made him positive Fabian had said something about him. From her blush it must have been something good.
Maybe Fabian wasn’t so bad after all.
The spray Fabian had misted over Savannah gave her a glow. She looked like a mystical Goddess stepped right down from the star lit sky. Marek wanted to be the one to make the Goddess blush with desire.
“I understand we are using a carriage at your request?” Marek heard Avidan ask Savannah and he almost jumped out of his skin. He needed the carriage to smuggle Louis out. Marek inclined his head slightly hoping Savannah would catch on.
Savannah paused for a moment. “Yes. I would prefer a carriage. I want to be the proper lady in this dress, don’t I? The carriage would be much proffered if it is allowed?” Avidan inclined his head. “Thank you, sir.”
Marek was relieved. He didn’t know if she saw his nod or not but Savannah had come through.
Good girl.
“I’m finished,” Fabian said. “After the girls of Humanity see you they will want to be the next bride.”
Savannah did a very poor job of looking pleased with Fabian’s statement. Her lips frowned down at the corners and her green eyes rounded like those of a tiny kitten pleading for milk.
“Perfect.” Her eyelashes fluttered preventing the moisture gathered in her eyes from spilling over.
“Yes, very good,” Avidan said. “I’ll see you upon your return, Savannah.” He stood before Savannah and kissed her forehead surprising everyone in the room.
Avidan wasn’t a man to show emotion. In fact was an avid voice against it. Any show of emotion by his soldiers in front of him was rewarded with ten licks of a whip.
“You make me proud,” he said.
“Thank you, Avidan,” Savannah said still clasping her hands together at her waist. Avidan inclined his head backing up a few steps. He nodded and then took his leave.
“I’ll be going as well,” Fabian said. “Enjoy your visit, Savannah.”
Savannah thanked Fabian and then went to the mirror to see what she looked like. She left the bathroom door open so Marek could see as she saw herself.
“What do you think?” He asked, trying not to let his voice betray his desire for her.
“I think I will reassure my parents and Nevada. I don’t want them to worry.”
“But you are not pleased?”
Savannah sighed. “I don’t want all the extra attention this is going to gain. I’d like to see my family without intrusion. I’m a spectacle in this glowing spray stuff.”
“You get to visit them. That is rare for new brides.” Marek reminded her.
Savannah smiled. “Yes, that’s true.”
The walk to the waiting carriage was slow going as the Paladins crowded up the hallways to see Savannah dressed up for Humanity.
Ezra whistled shamelessly from the carriage bench. “Woohoo, you are the prettiest Paladin Bride, I’ve ever seen,” Ezra told her.
“Yes, she most certainly is.” Marek agreed holding the carriage door open for her.
Savannah thanked Ezra and then climbed inside. Marek climbed into the carriage after her and knocked on the roof to signal Ezra to go.
The carriage started moving over the bumpy road. Savannah held onto the handle to keep steady. Marek enjoyed the rhythmic bounce of her feminine body. He was picturing her straddled on his lap when he realized she had asked him something.
“What did you say?”
“Why did you ask for the carriage?” She repeated.
Marek nodded. “Right. I thought you’d be more comfortable.” He lied still determined to keep Savannah from being involved with his criminal act.
“I thought you were bringing your girlfriend.” Savannah pulled at the hem of her skirt.
Marek grinned. “She’s not my girlfriend. Just a friend.”
“Right. Because knocking on your door in the middle of the night is what friends do,” Savannah responded.
Marek continued to grin.
“Next time I hope you’ll give your booty call a key. I was trying to sleep.”
“Were you?”
Savannah scowled at him. “Do all the men at Paladin Keep use the single Paladin women? Are they just supposed to wait around at your beck and call?”
“Well actually a lot of the married Paladin women come calling too,” he said enjoying how fired up she was getting.
“Gross. You’re a pig.” Savannah crossed her legs and bounced her ankle as she folded her arms.
Marek caught hold of her foot to keep it from bouncing. “Are you angry because I had a booty call last night or because it wasn’t you?”
Savannah smacked his hand that was on her foot. “I don’t do those and if I did, I would do the calling not the crawling.”
“Oh yeah?” He was hard again, not giving in to what he wanted with Savannah was getting painful and close to impossible to resist. “Who would you call?”
Her green eyes zeroed in on him and she leaned in toward him. “You’ve already shown me you’d come crawling.”
“Crawling isn’t my thing. Pounding, now that’s an action I could get on board with.”
She leaned back in her seat folding her arms again. “Well, if I were you I wouldn’t wait on that call.”
“I’m not the only one who is attracted here. You pressed up against me during your body search.”
Savannah was glaring holes in him with her furious eyes.
“I was the receiver of the booty call last night not the caller,” Marek said bending forward and lifting her out of her seat and onto his lap. “I sent her away because I knew the only woman who was going to satisfy this need.” He pressed her down against his hard erection with his hands at her hips. “Is the one who gave it to me.”
Chapter Twenty-One
Savannah gasped at the feel of him pressed against her. The response her body was having to him was unlike anything she’d ever experienced before.
Part of her wanted to let him continue and find out just how good Marek could make her body feel but the other part of her was stronger.
She put her hands on his shoulders and raised up away from him so she could think. “Yes, I feel it too, Marek, but I’m not like that. I can’t just give in to what my body wants. I’m not one of the girls in Paladin Keep desperate for attention and I’m not a woman from the brothel paid to service you.”
“I know that,” Marek said moving to sit next to her. “I’m crazy about you, Savannah, and I guess I just don’t know how to show you.”
“Marek, you shouldn’t show me. I’m married and if by some miracle I get out of it I’m not staying at Paladin Keep. I need you to be my friend. I need you to be someone I can count on.”
She could see the disappointment in his face, but he didn’t get angry as other young men had in her past at rejection. She knew she should stop there, but her heart kept her mouth moving. “I wish you picked me, Marek.”
He put his arm around her shoulders and kissed the side of her forehead. “I did pick you, Savannah. Klaas just got to go first.”
Savannah was grateful he hadn’t started with his declaration or she would not have been able to control herself.
A huge thundering boom sounded and the earth shook. The horses ran in a panic and the carriage was being thrown all over the place in their wake.
Marek stuck his head out the small window. “Stay down. There is a breach in the wall.”
An alarm sounded as battle cries filled the air.
“It’s the Skinners,” Ezra yelled from the drivers seat.
The smell of smoke stung Savannah’s throat. Marek drew a knife the size of a pen from his belt. “You stab it holding down this button, understand?” He handed her the small knife and then drew a gun from his belt. “Stay down.” Marek climbed out the window onto the carriage.
Savannah laid herself down.
Breathe, Savannah. Keep breathing.
The cries grew louder and the drumming of the horses’ feet sounded with the rhythm of her heart.
*****
“Take the reins,” Ezra roared at Marek as he climbed out. His eyes were crazed and Marek knew he couldn’t take the reins. The Skinners were the same group that killed his family. Ezra didn’t comprehend that there were hundreds of them. He would dive into the mess of them and get himself killed.
“Marek!”
“Get us to Humanity, Ezra.”
A second blast sounded. This one was ahead of the carriage. “Yah,” Ezra yelled, pushing the pair of horses through the cloud of dust and debris.
The Skinners came through the new opening in the Paladin Keep wall. The gaping hole exposed the lowest level of Paladin Keep. Marek fired the charge gun hitting the first two who came through the opening in the wall giving them a fatal heart attack with the charge electrode that fired from the gun.
The Skinners shot a weapon of their own and took out one of the horses. The carriage began to tip and the remaining horse veered out to the right, straight toward the inner wall.
Ezra pulled on the reins and leapt off the driver’s bench at the oncoming horseman. Marek slid off the carriage and went to untie the dead horse and free the carriage.
The dead horse had a spear headed stake protruding from its neck and through the binding that tied the horse to the carriage.
The Skinners were running at them now. Marek fired the gun at the nearest Skinners as he yanked the spear out of the horse. He only had about ten more shots before he’d have to reload.
Ezra had taken the horse off the Skinner he’d attacked and was charging into the mass of Skinners.
“Ezra, fall back, damn it!” Marek untied the dead horse and slapped the live horse on the rear end. “Yah,” his voice boomed sending the horse racing toward Humanity with the carriage in tow.
Chapter Twenty-Two
The carriage stopped after the second explosion. Savannah looked out the window to see Ezra rip out the throat of one of the people he called Skinners.
She went back to the floor of the carriage trying to erase the horrifying image. She couldn’t seem to slow down her breathing.
Come on, Savannah. Be brave.
A face filled the window. He had marks like he’d been bitten in the face. The intent look in his eyes terrified Savannah. Her body froze up as she watched him open up the door and reach for her. 
His grip was fiercely strong as he pulled her out of the carriage. The hair on his head shifted as he began to drag her by her legs, away from the carriage and she realized he was wearing the scalp and skin of someone else.
Her scream was drowned out by the war cries of the Skinners as they battled Ezra and Marek. Savannah started struggling and fighting but he’d already dragged her outside of the wall by then.
More male Skinners gathered around as he released her legs he’d been dragging her by.
Savannah crouched with the tiny knife as they circled her speaking in a language she didn’t understand. The one who had taken her from the carriage showed the other men his hand that was now as shiny as her legs. They laughed as he rubbed it over his own face as he made a thrusting motion with his hips.
Nausea and fear gripped her so tightly she wasn’t sure if she was even breathing anymore.
Her captor came at her.
Savannah pressed down the button and jabbed the blade into his leg pulling it right back out as she wasn’t about to lose her only weapon.
The Skinner screeched as his body shriveled, crumpling in on itself like a collapsed baby bottle.
“Stay back,” Savannah said as the remaining four men began yelling at her in their foreign language.
Her hand was shaking as she made a jabbing motion with the knife as one of them took a step toward her.
The men laughed at her and began to spread out in four corners around her so she couldn’t watch all of them at once.
Not good, not good.
“Marek!” she yelled. They laughed again. The one with a bloody handprint on his face brought his spear into both hands like a bat and hit her right hand knocking the knife from her grasp.
Another one picked it up and they laughed again.
“Marek, help me!” she screamed at the top of her lungs. The sound of her own voice full of terror fueled her fear even further.
One grabbed the braid at her crown and yanked her back against his moist chest. His free hand groped at her body. She blocked out the hysteria and panic, refusing to die by the hand of the animal who held her.
She felt along the belt on the man behind her and found a hard handle as the three others drew closer. The weapon was heavy in her hand as she pulled it from his belt. She prayed she wouldn’t drop it. He released her to take the gun as she found the trigger.
Savannah turned the gun on the three men in front of her. It only took one pull of the trigger to take down all three as it sprayed some kind of acid that ate through their bodies. The Skinner who had been holding her fled before she could use the gun on him.
Savannah turned back in the direction of Paladin Keep. War was chaos. The Skinners were running, and Paladin guards were shooting without stopping to check their targets. She wasn’t wearing a white uniform, and she knew she was lucky she had not already been shot.
She crouched down next to a fallen Paladin. He was dead and missing his scalp. Tears ran down her face as she stripped the Paladin uniform top from him.
Savannah was sliding her arms through the sleeves when something hit her in the head. She fell forward over the dead Paladin as someone grabbed onto her feet and began to drag her, face down over the terrain.
*****
The Paladin army came quickly and Marek left them to chase down the carriage and make sure that Savannah was safely inside Humanity.
When he reached the carriage and got the door open he felt like he’d had his heart ripped clean out of his chest.
It was empty.
Marek jumped back onto the horse and raced back to the breach in the wall where they’d been forced to stop.
Paladins had successfully driven the Skinners outside the wall and were quickly fixing the breach. Marek leapt through the opening with Ezra and the other Paladins yelling after him. 
“Fall back, we’ve been ordered back inside. You have to come back!”
Level one and two soldiers were still pushing the Skinners farther away from the Paladin Keep wall. They were fighting hard but many of them were dying.
“Savannah!” He roared as he charged through the Skinners trampling them down as they tried to leap up onto his horse.
He was passing up the furthest line guarded by Paladin Keep and the Paladins were yelling at him to fall back. He almost hoped someone would take him down because he couldn’t live with the feeling of fear and dread that was inside of him while Savannah was missing.
If the Skinners had taken her beyond the furthest point, she was probably already dead or imprisoned by the Skinners. Glowing like she was Marek hoped they kept her alive to keep but if Savannah fought hard enough they would kill her rather than let her loose or deal with a fighter.
They would want to break her.
“Savannah!” He scanned the horizon praying for a sign. If he saw anything that might be Savannah he would follow it to the ends of the earth. 
Please, just let Savannah be alive.
Marek turned his horse to charge down a group who were retreating to torture for information and heard a feminine scream pierce the air. Marek kicked his horse in the direction of the scream.
His horse leapt up over a boulder and into a clearing of trees where a Skinner was on top of Savannah. The Skinner had likely thought Savannah was an easy target but he had been wrong. She was fighting him off and their struggle had escalated in a battle for the weapon on the ground several feet in front of them.
Marek jumped down from his horse and ripped the Skinner off of Savannah’s back. Marek pounded the Skinners face into the hard rock surface of the floor as he unsheathed his knife and ended the attacker with one precise motion.
Savannah was shaking and staring at the bloody mess that was her attacker. “Is he dead?”
“Yeah. Are you alright?” It was a stupid question. Of course she wasn’t. Marek put her up onto the horse and then climbed on behind her. “I’ve got you, Savannah,” he said and urged the horse into motion. 
Savannah leaned forward hugging the neck of the horse as they rode back toward Paladin Keep. Marek met with very little resistance as the Skinners were well scattered by the Paladin army.
Once they were at the wall Marek slowed the horse, so he could hear if there were any enemies hiding along the wall as they made their way to the gate.
The back of her dress and the front was ripped and riddled with holes from being dragged across the harsh terrain not to mention fighting for her life.
Marek nodded to the Paladins who cleared the area waving them past.
Leaning forward he pulled Savannah up into a sitting position and put his left arm protectively around her. She was shaking still. That was normal considering what she’d just been through.
“I thought you were in the carriage,” he said so angry with himself he wondered how his body didn’t just explode.
“I know.” Savannah’s voice was scratchy and unsettled. It sounded strained and very different, nothing like her melodic honey voice he’d come to love. “I should have started screaming.” She shook her head, her shoulders trembling.
“I saw you fighting for the gun when I got there. You would have killed that animal without me. Do you hear me?” He held her tighter. “You are the bravest woman, I’ve ever known.”
Her shoulders were still quaking as she turned her face into the crook of his neck. “I was terrified.”
“Me too.” Marek didn’t cry with relief only because he still had to watch for Skinners. He wasn’t going to let Savannah be touched by one again.
He had never been more afraid in his whole life than when he’d found the carriage empty. He still couldn’t quite believe he had found her alive after she’d been taken by the Skinners. 
Marek kissed her cheek gently, he’d never ask God for another thing. Having her back and alive was the greatest miracle he’d ever witnessed.
“I heard them yelling at you to fall back,” she sobbed. “I thought I was on my own but you came for me. I can’t believe you came for me.”
Marek signaled the guard at the gate and went to kiss her cheek again but she met his lips with her own. Her mouth was soft, her lips full and plush against his. Savannah tasted like the salt from her tears. 
Marek caressed her sweet mouth with his gently drawing on her lips as she opened up to him. He savored the feel of her in his arms as he continued to confirm to himself that she truly was alive and safe in his care.
Another tear met their joined lips and he drew back and wiped her tears with his thumb, meeting her green eyes. The stolen innocence that war always takes did not spare his sweet Savannah. Marek wanted nothing more than to get it back for her but it was gone forever. She now understood what it was to face death and to take a life.
“Thank you for saving my life, Marek.”
The gate opened and Marek brought her back into Paladin Keep.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Savannah felt them all staring at her as they dismounted in front of the entrance to Paladin Keep. She held onto Marek, her hand fisted in his bloodied uniform.
Her knees were weak and bloodstained from being dragged. She only made it a couple of steps before Marek swept her up in his arms. She buried her face in his chest as Klaas came into view. She didn’t want to be outside of Marek’s arms and was afraid Klaas would be expected to comfort her.
“Don’t leave me, Marek.”
“I won’t,” he promised.
Dr. Reginald met them in the hallway and started asking questions. “Is she conscious? Do you know if she has any serious injuries?”
Marek answered for her. They reached the medical unit, and Marek set her on the table, but she couldn’t bring herself to let go of him.
“You’re safe now,” the doctor assured her. Savannah nodded though she still held onto Marek. “Take her behind the screen I’ll scan you both at once,” Dr. Reginald said.
The door opened and closed as the scan finished. Savannah was standing on her own two feet and beginning to feel a little more like herself again.
Her hands were still shaking and the things the doctor was saying were breaking through the fog she was in drawing her out.
“You have no major injuries. There is substantial road rash and burns on your front and back. It looks like you were dragged, as well as bleeding at your hairline and some bruising on your torso and your legs.
“The Skinners are known to rape women before they kill but if they did try their attempts were unsuccessful,” he said to Savannah, but it sounded more like a reassurance for Marek.
 “Can you tell us what happened?” Virginia asked coming to stand next to the doctor. Klaas and Avidan were in the room as well. Savannah realized they had entered during the scan.
“I’ll try.”
Savannah recounted the events from the blasts to when she and the Skinner had been fighting for the gun. He’d tried to rape her but she’d fought him off. She’d almost acid blasted him with the gun but he’d knocked the gun from her hands.
“We were both fighting for the gun. He was closer.” She remembered the crushing weight of his body as he’d forced her face down into the ground reaching for the gun.
She felt a bit winded as she continued. “I knew he was going to get it and I was dead but Marek came and saved my life.”
“It sounds like you held your own pretty well yourself, Savannah. We’re proud of you,” Avidan said. “Aren’t we?”
Virginia nodded saying, “Thank goodness for Marek.”
“Of course,” Klaas added weakly.
“Marek, your wound needs to be seen to now,” Dr. Reginald broke in.
Savannah turned in alarm toward Marek. “You’re hurt?”
“He was speared in the leg. The adrenaline has probably kept him from feeling it very much. We’ll cauterize it and then treat it with the Paladin Serum.”
Savannah felt guilty Marek had to carry her when he’d had a wounded leg of his own. She wanted to tell him so but he seemed to know what she was going to say.
“The doctor is right, I can’t even feel it,” he assured her.
Klaas moved in next to Savannah. “You get your wounds seen to. I will watch over Savannah.”
“I need to prescribe her medicine too. She should stay,” Dr. Reginald said.
Klaas looked like he wanted to argue but Virginia stepped in. “If she should stay. Let her stay. Go and make sure she has warm blankets, why don’t you?”
“Yes, mother.”
Klaas and Avidan left and Dr. Reginald took Marek behind a screen to cauterize the wound.
Savannah knew that was going to be painful. She sat on the edge of the bed nervous on his behalf.
“I’m very glad you didn’t let those dirty people soil you, Savannah. That would’ve been no way to keep a comfortable womb for my grandbabies.”
Savannah felt her hand begin to shake harder as she turned her attention to Virginia. “They didn’t ask my permission. I am lucky to be alive right now.”
Virginia’s mouth dropped open as her eyes widened at Savannah.
“I’ve put up with enough from you, you vulture. You’re going to leave me alone and stop pressuring me for grandchildren. Do you understand? Now back off before I knock you back.”
Virginia stepped back. “I’m going to forget you said that since you’ve been through a traumatic experience but I warn you my patience is wearing thin.”
She left as Marek growled in pain.
“Sorry,” Dr. Reginald said to Marek behind the screen. “Drink this you’ll feel better in only a few days.”
“Thanks, Doc,” Marek said and returned to Savannah’s side. “You did well standing up to her again, tough girl.” He smiled but it was strained, the rims around his eyes were red.
Dr. Reginald said to Savannah, “You’ll need a steam shower and then I’ll give you a large dose of Paladin Serum.”
“Paladin Serum? What if she’s carrying a baby?” Marek asked his brows bunching together.
“The scan showed me she is not pregnant,” Dr. Reginald answered. “You’ll have to leave if Savannah’s uncomfortable with you knowing her personal medical information.”
“He’s fine to stay,” Savannah said sounding almost as frantic as she felt at the thought of him leaving.
“You’ve suffered quite a trauma, Savannah. Rest, uninterrupted rest, will do you a world of good. Marek, you have orders under medical authority to make sure Savannah receives no interruption. This should trump even Klaas’ authority for a few days.”
Savannah wanted to hug the doctor but was still riddled in spotted patches of blood all over her body. “Thank you, doctor. I really mean it.”
“You’re very welcome.” He smiled showing only faint smiling lines. The Paladin Serum kept most Paladins from showing much aging. “If you would step into the next room there is a changing area and the shower. I’ll turn it on once I see you are inside.”
Savannah followed his guidance and stepped into the next room. The Paladin jacket came off fairly easy. The dress had fused to her back in a few places when she’d been dragged.
Pressing the intercom button she asked for assistance expecting Dr. Reginald to be the one to come and help her, but it was the brassy haired red head who hadn’t wanted to meet Savannah in the Humanity Kitchen.
She didn’t wear the expression of indifference she’d had on when first they’d met.
Savannah didn’t feel like talking to anyone. She showed the woman her back, and she understood. She was gentle, using a numbing solution of some sort as she removed the material from Savannah’s wounds. When the material was completely separated from her back, she helped Savannah shed the dress.
“I’m going to leave your braid in so your hair won’t cover your injuries during the steaming and sanitizing,” the woman told Savannah.
Savannah nodded.
“Avidan told us of your experience and how you fought for your life. I know that must have been terrifying. We all think you are very brave.”
Savannah nodded again, clenching her shaking hands at her sides. She waited until the woman left and then shed her remaining clothing. Savannah stepped into the shower.
Steam filled the cubicle but she barely noticed. Her hands were still shaking reminding her how little in control she was of anything. 
She was still afraid. It didn’t feel like it was over. Savannah felt like the Skinners were coming back and liable to burst out of the steam and skin her alike the people they wore.
It’s over, Savannah, she told herself and let the tears fall freely in an attempt to believe it really was over, but she couldn’t believe it fully. Now she knew they were out there and whether she was in Paladin Keep or Humanity, she would never feel safe again.
*****
As soon as the door shut behind Savannah the doctor was racing around the room grabbing disks and shoving them into the scanner.
“Doctor?” Marek asked.
“Avidan saw the scan of Savannah. He has enough medical training to understand it. I’m making records. Someone has to know besides me.”
Marek accepted the three square discs he was handed. “Know what?”
“I can’t break patient doctor confidentiality. You need to protect her, Marek. Avidan and Virginia are sure to put the pressure on Klaas after what they saw.”
Savannah came on over the intercom asking for assistance. Dr. Reginald pushed an intercom button. “Assistance is required immediately in the steam shower.”
“What did they see?” Marek asked following the doctor back over to the screen.
“Klaas is unstable, probably dangerous. Something happened to his last two wives and I don’t want to see anything happen to Savannah. We can agree I think that she’s been through quite enough already.”
Marek was still holding the discs in his hand. “What are these for?”
“Evidence of Savannah’s right to return to Humanity.”
“They won’t allow her to leave no matter what is on this disc,” Marek said.
“Maybe not. I’m quite certain they won’t want it getting out.” He tapped the discs. “Hide these somewhere and don’t let anyone know you have them.”
Marek tucked them inside his uniform top beneath the weapon strap that ran diagonally over one shoulder, across his chest, and under the other arm.
“You’re acting like you won’t be here to present the evidence yourself.”
“It could get destroyed here. I could be taken out or maybe I’m just being paranoid.”
The green light came on outside the steam room and Dr. Reginald pressed the button next to the door. “The orders under medical authority that I gave you should keep Klaas away but once those three days are up your job will be a lot more challenging.”
Dr. Reginald sighed looking over at the door for the entrance. “I was promoted here after the last doctor passed away. I was told he died of old age but he was only two years older than me. A good thirty years under the age one might die of old age much less a Paladin.
“I think he witnessed some things and I don’t know how much he knew before he was removed from his position.”
“I can get you transferred to Humanity,” Marek said.
“If they want me dead it won’t matter where I am.”
The door opened and Paladin soldiers were brought in for treatment. Dr. Reginald went right back to work tucking the discs he’d made into his jacket pocket.
Marek waited for Savannah with the cup of Paladin Serum the doctor ordered she drink.
The corruption of Paladin Keep seemed to go deeper the more he learned. He should be disgusted but he was too busy planning out how he was going to watch over Savannah.
Losing her once showed him he couldn’t survive losing her again.
Chapter Twenty-Four
The Paladin Serum was very bitter going down but once swallowed her throat was already feeling better.
Marek led her out into the hallway where soldiers were being treated by the Paladin doctors. Some of their injuries were so horrific Savannah felt like a jerk for feeling sorry for herself.
“How can those horrible monsters exist?” She asked aloud as they passed a man who had several bites taken out of his arm. “I should do something for these men.”
“You will rest and that’s it.” Her knees still hurt to walk but she wasn’t about to complain. She felt traumatized over what she had been through but seeing them she wondered how they would recover. How would they get past seeing someone take a bite out of their flesh?
“Watch the stairs,” Marek cautioned, keeping her from tripping. The upper hallway had more soldiers being treated but their injuries appeared less severe.
Marek opened her door and then searched her room as she stood in the open doorway.
“There is no one here. You can rest. I’ll see that you’re not disturbed.”
Savannah didn’t know how she was going to sleep. She’d never felt so helpless and afraid in her life. She found the sleeping pills and Marek opened a packet and put the rest in his pocket. “I’ll keep track of these for you. It’s easy to forget how long it’s been since your last dose when you’re having trouble sleeping.”
Savannah took the pill with a cupped handful of water at the bathroom sink. She was in a Paladin’s uniform she’d put on after the shower. It covered most of the drag burns from her view and she was glad.
In the mirror, she saw her chin had been scraped pretty bloody and raw too. Her hands and under arms were no better.
“I look like I’ve been through a meat grinder,” Savannah said turning off the light in the bathroom.
“Let’s tuck you in and let the Paladin Serum get to work,” Marek said drawing back the covers on her bed.
Savannah stepped out of her shoes and stood close to Marek by the bed. She could see Skinners circling her every time she blinked and when she let herself get worked up she could see them without blinking.
Marek was watching her as she stood silently at his side. He turned to her and gently encircled her in his arms. “Tell me what I can do for you Savannah?” His voice was pleading. “Tell me what you need.” He tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear.
“Will you stay with me? I don’t think I can fall asleep by myself.” She was ready for him to tell her no, that Klaas and Avidan wouldn’t stand for it. “Just until I fall asleep?”
“Of course, I will.” Marek tucked the warmed blankets in around Savannah and then laid down next to her with his arm around her shoulders.
Savannah turned her body towards his and laid her hand on his chest. She draped her arm across his stomach and closed her eyes.
She tensed up as she remembered the struggle for the gun but Marek rubbed a soothing circular motion on her back and pressed his lips against her forehead.
“I’ve got you, Savannah. You’re safe with me.”
She nodded and concentrated on the sound of his heartbeat. Slowly she began to relax and drifted off to sleep.
*****
Marek watched her sleep as he held her in his arms. Her account of everything she’d gone through with the Skinners replaying in his mind.
He wanted to go hunt down every last Skinner and take vengeance on them for what they had done. He wanted to tell Savannah she didn’t have to be afraid of them. He was furious with Ezra for going after the Skinners instead of helping him secure Savannah’s safety. They had killed his family and Ezra was right to want vengeance. Savannah was more important than evening the score. Ezra should have waited to engage long enough to get Savannah away safely.
He’d seen Ezra bringing in the wounded. Ezra was alive and so Marek would be thanking him personally for his selfish move.
Savannah’s hand fisted his shirt and he looked down to see she was still asleep.
Another nightmare. He caressed her cheek and ran his hand over her arm. What is going on with your medical record, Savannah? What will Avidan and Virginia do to Klaas now that they’ve seen it?
The only thing Marek could think of would be the grandbaby they were pushing for. They couldn’t expect her to be pregnant already. He would guess Klaas hadn’t consummated the marriage but Marek had seen the blood on the sheets with his own two eyes.
Marek pushed the image aside because it had his blood boiling with jealousy. Besides, he’d mentioned it to Savannah on more than one occasion and she had never corrected him in his stating her marriage was consummated.
He needed to watch Savannah better than he had been before. She needed to be trained with weapons and without to defend herself. It showed how mighty her fighting spirit was that she survived five Skinners when it only took one in many instances to take down a Paladin warrior.
By the third hour she was deep enough asleep that Marek could disentangle himself and begin to plan out his strategy to watch over Savannah.
Marek stepped outside her door and asked two level three Paladins to bring him specific tools and supplies.
He stood waiting outside Savannah’s door so she would not be disturbed. Ezra came jogging up the stairs and froze when he met Marek’s gaze.
“I’m sorry. I should have listened to you. Is she alright?” Ezra wisely kept his distance.
“She carries the dreams of a Paladin warrior who has faced the Skinners. Those stay with you, don’t they?” Marek started toward Ezra. “She’s only alive because of God’s grace and you know it.”
Ezra bowed his head. “I couldn’t think straight. I never meant to put either of you at risk.”
“Stop talking. All I want to do right now is rearrange your face.”
Ezra sighed. “I’ll make this up to you, brother.”
Marek signaled the level three Paladin who had the tools and things he’d ordered to come forward. He knew he was being unfair. If he had been in Ezra’s shoes he would have done the same thing. 
Bringing himself to excuse Ezra for what had happened was not going to happen anytime soon.
Chapter Twenty-Five
There was a shadow standing over her. Savannah reached for Marek but she was alone.
Where is he?
The figure in the darkness moved closer, climbing onto the bed straddling her as her eyes adjusted to the dark and she made out the bloody handprint on the face of the Skinner.
She was frozen just like she’d been in the carriage. Her heart beat hammered in her ears sounding like the drumming feet of runaway horses. 
Savannah tried to scream but nothing came out.
The Skinner pulled a knife from his belt. He felt too heavy on her chest, she couldn’t breathe. She tried to struggle but he had her arms pinned at her sides.
He grabbed her by the hair. She knew what was next. He was going to skin her. Savannah screamed again but it sounded like a tiny whimper to her ears.
The knife cut into her scalp.
Savannah sat up screaming.
Two arms came around her in the darkness and she fought, punching and scratching.
“Savannah, it’s Marek. It’s me.” He pulled her into an embrace holding her still. “It was a dream.”
A dream? It was so real.
Savannah slipped from his arms and went and turned on the light. She wiped her brow where the Skinner had cut into her scalp but there was nothing but sweat.
“It was so real,” she said to Marek. He had a scratch mark across his shoulder and neck she was sure she’d caused. “Sorry I fought you I thought you were a Skinner.”
She went over to his side of the bed to look at the damage. It wasn’t going to need stitches but she knew it had to hurt. “Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?”
Marek shrugged. “It was hot.”
“Well, it looks like we’ve been sharing this bed more intimately than we have. What if someone walks in?”
“Then I will kick them out. You are to be undisturbed.”
Savannah rubbed her eyes. “I don’t want to go back to sleep.” She began to pace. “How long do these dreams last?”
Marek snatched his shirt up off the floor and put it on as Savannah watched, waiting for his answer.
“Years, lifetimes. You can’t hide from them, Savannah. You’re going to have to face them before they’ll get better.”
She set her hand on her hip. “I honestly thought you were going to sugar coat that for me.”
Marek met her next to the closet where she was pacing and interrupted her stride. “You’re scared and you feel defenseless right? Do you like that feeling?”
Savannah shook her head. If she spoke she knew she would sob at this point.
“I can train you to defend yourself,” Marek said.
She nodded, a tear running down her cheek.
“It’s okay to be scared. Soon though you won’t feel defenseless and you’ll be able to control your fear.”
“Can we start now?”
Marek pulled the knife out of the wall. “One move, and then it’s back to bed with you.”
He showed her how to block a downward stabbing motion by crossing her wrists as a shield. It effectively stopped the downward motion.
“Then what?” Savannah asked with him still being blocked as the mock attacker.
“There are lots of things you can do from this point. You can take the knife, stomp on the instep of his foot, kick him in the goods. Just fight and don’t stop until you’re free and then get away.”
Savannah nodded feeling a little more empowered. “Show me how to take the knife.”
“We had a deal.”
“I’ll be the attacker and you can just show me how and then I’ll go to sleep.”
Marek sighed, but he was smiling. “Always wanting more of me.”
Savannah took the knife he handed her. “Are you ready?”
“Come and get me.” He grinned.
Savannah did the same motion he had been doing and Marek blocked it just as he’d show her. Then he grabbed her wrist still in the block and twisted the knife out of her hand and onto the floor.
She pictured herself doing what he had done and moved her arms practicing what she’d just seen.
“You can try it tomorrow. Go to sleep. I have to finish cutting a hole in our wall.”
“A hole? An escape hatch?”
Marek smiled. “You can use it however you like. My door will always be open.” Savannah could see he was trying to make her smile or laugh. His smile was an effort. He was in pain too.
“How is your leg?”
“It’s fine. With the Paladin diet and the care from the doc, I’m already much better.”
Savannah raised her dark brows at him as she tilted her head to the side. “I think rest would do you good.” She reached out and took his hand in hers. “We can face our nightmares together.”
Marek didn’t resist her guiding him toward her bed. “I’ll lie with you until you fall asleep. Then I need to get that hole put in.”
Savannah enjoyed the way he gathered her close and how safe she felt in his arms. “Will you tell me something? Anything so I can think of something else.”
“I don’t have much to tell.”
“Tell me about you.”
Marek kissed the top of her head. “Hold onto your sweet bottom because this is going to be quite a snooze.”
Savannah smiled. “I really doubt that.”
“No, it’s quite a tale. Let’s see, I was born in the brothel and sent here to Paladin Keep to be raised. The Paladin woman who volunteered with the babies and children is the closest thing to a mother I have.
“Her name was Mama Carolina. She was a really good woman. She used to read us stories about crazy families instead of the battle strategy manual like she was supposed to. Looking back I think she was telling us stories from her own family.” He laughed.
Savannah held onto him tighter. Humanity was told the babies born in the brothel were raised in loving homes. How could they justify reading manuals to children?
“It wasn’t too bad. We never went hungry. I hated it though when I aged out the group Mama Carolina cared for. We all did. Well, anyway on to schooling and training. That’s when Ezra was brought in. He’s the closest thing to family I have.”
He smiled at her when she looked at him. “It wasn’t that bad,” he said. She must have been giving him a pitying expression.
“We learned weapons, strategy and hand to hand combat along with reading and writing. We knew we were being primed for war and even though we knew it, we were still scared. 
“Graduation came and we became level one Paladin guards. Level one guards the wall and sounds the alarm.”
Savannah remembered the bodies of the dead Paladins outside the wall. They were so young. She closed her eyes so Marek wouldn’t see the tears she was holding back.
“The first skirmish we had was with a group called Calvins. Avidan refused them entrance when they’d come for help. The Calvins didn’t take being turned away very well. They killed more than half of the Paladin brothers in my graduation class.”
He cleared his throat. “Sorry, I let that story get away from me. That’s not going to help you sleep.”
“Why did Avidan turn them away?”
“He said they were too old to conform to the ways of Paladin Keep or Humanity. He said they would destroy the peace our cities know with the lawlessness that they would bring.”
Savannah shuddered. “Do you think he was right?”
Marek shook his head as he began to undo her braid. His fingers felt good in her hair. Her body was beginning to relax.
“That day in the pharmacy, that woman was pretty jealous of you and some Ryan person?”
Savannah smothered the smile that came to her lips when he remembered the argument over Ryan. Even though it was only days ago, it felt like months.
“That’s just because Ryan makes it impossible for her not to hate me. He married her to get back at me and it backfired on him. It was a very immature thing to do.”
Marek played with her hair continuing to disarm her. She was liable to tell him anything.
“Ryan loves you then. Do you love him too?”
“I thought I did a couple of years ago. He isn’t a smart or selfless man. He refused to be around Nevada because his condition caused Ryan to feel uncomfortable. I wish I had realized sooner than I did that I didn’t love him. 
“He proposed to me and my declining answer drove him to stupid decisions. I hurt him and I still regret it. In Humanity where the women are desperate not to end up in the brothels it is unheard of to refuse a proposal. Ryan was humiliated.”
Marek made a disagreeing, “hmm,” sound before continuing with, “He sounds like a selfish jerk to me. How could he say that to you about your dying brother?”
“What were you doing at the pharmacy?”
She felt Marek stiffen up at her side before awkwardly continuing to play with her hair. “I had to pick up something.”
“What? You have Paladin medicine. What could you possibly need from Humanity’s Pharmacy?”
He shifted out from her side but she held on. Her need to know was too strong to let him just slide away. “Hey, you gave me a body search when you wanted answers.”
“Are you threatening a body search?” Savannah scowled at him. “You should be very thorough. You never know what I might be hiding.”
“Very funny.” Savannah smacked his chest. “Tell me. Please?”
Marek frowned. “If I tell you, you can’t tell anyone. It’s against the law.”
“Woo bad boy, huh?”
He didn’t smile. “If I tell you this it means you and I are completely open with each other. Deal?”
Savannah didn’t think she could deny him much of anything after he’d risked his life to save hers. “I promise.”
“I was buying a zap ring. The Pharmacist sells them to the Paladins under the table.” He sighed as though he’d just confessed something terrible.
Savannah tucked the loose hair behind her ear. “What’s a zap ring?”
“What? I don’t want to explain that to you.”
“Just tell me. You’re not shy so that’s not going to stop you.”
Marek shrugged. “It keeps the women from getting pregnant if the guy wears it when they have sex.”
Savannah tried not to let her eyes widen as she looked at him.
“Yeah, I know. Repopulating is the most important thing, supposedly. The women at the brothel appreciate it when we don’t make them give up their babies, Savannah. I don’t want my child having the Paladin life of no family and all the violence and bloodshed-”
Savannah touched his face, running her fingers along his jaw line. “I just didn’t know a zap ring existed. I don’t think you’re wrong to want a family, Marek.” After what she’d been through at Paladin Keep, it was no longer a mystery why the Paladins weren’t going to the Pickings.
Besides, she knew Asia and several of the other girls were buying pills off the pharmacist to keep from getting pregnant. So it wasn’t just the Paladin soldiers who were against making babies who would be removed from their parents.
Marek put his hand on hers and then it began to drift up her arm. “I think you’ve lost enough family already,” Savannah said as she looked into his eyes. He had so much raw pain, plain to see there in his eyes. Savannah wanted to kiss him and comfort him. She wanted to take comfort in being close with him in a way she’d never been with anyone else.
He drew away, standing next to the bed. “You promised to go to sleep. I need to get that door put in.” Savannah nodded not knowing how to tell him she wanted him to be more than the friend she’d asked him to be in the carriage.
She watched him gathering his tools and working out his plan on the notepad in his lap. He was an amazing man, a loving man.  Why couldn’t she forget her promise to Klaas and show Marek how much she cared about him?
Her eyelids began to weigh too much and she lost the battle of staying awake.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Making a door in her wall that was imperceptible was difficult only because Marek didn’t want to wake up Savannah.
It turned out though she was so exhausted she slept through the whole process. He found the weapons she’d stashed around her room and thought he would teach her to use better weapons so she could have them in her room and on her person.
He was considering a quick shower when he heard Klaas arguing with the level three Paladin Marek had stationed outside Savannah’s door.
Quickly Marek dusted off the debris from sawing through the wall and went to the door. Klaas was yelling so Marek stepped out into the hallway and closed the door.
“Lower your voice,” Marek warned Klaas. “No one is to disturb, Savannah.”
Klaas went to strike the door. Marek caught his fist, stopping its momentum. Klaas pulled his balled hand from Marek’s tight grasp. “I’m her husband. Medical authority doesn’t apply to me.”
“It especially applies to you, Klaas.”
Klaas’ scowl slowly softened and he laughed a hysterical sound. “Not to you though?”
Marek kept his expression solemn. “That’s correct.”
“You’re screwing my wife.”
Marek felt the level three Paladin looking at him as was Klaas. He’d accused him and Marek knew Klaas would want a response in the form of a denial or confession. “My duty is to keep her safe. Savannah feels safe with me.”
“Open the door. I want to ask her for myself.”
“By that you must mean ask her if she is feeling better from her injuries inflicted by the Skinners? You couldn’t possibly be asking about your own very emotional insecurities at a time like this.” 
Many of the Paladins were gathering around listening to their exchange. “I will not be spoken to this way. I am the son of Avidan. I am the heir.”
“Savannah is to go undisturbed for three days under medical authority. Your daddy’s coat tails won’t get you into this room.”
Klaas had bulging veins pulsing in his forehead and neck. “I will have the order revoked by the end of the day. You have only until then to continue pretending you are me.”
Marek bit his tongue as Klaas wore a triumphant grin.
“Enjoy your time with her, Marek. It’s coming to an end.” He turned and walked away toward the doctor’s station.
Marek dialed Ezra. “Go to Dr. Reginald’s and keep him safe.”
“What? I can’t. I’m taking care of your last favor.”
“Last favor?” Marek stepped back inside Savannah’s room.
“I owe you. That pickup in Humanity, I’ve done it.”
Louis?
Marek pressed the button to talk. “Where are you taking it?”
“Outside. It’s what he wanted.”
He was taking Louis outside the wall?
“How could he want that?”
“He does. Look I gotta go. Call Gill and Texas.” Ezra disconnected the call from his end...
Dammit, Ezra.
He shouldn’t be outside the wall and neither should Louis. Marek called on Gill and Texas to watch over Dr. Reginald. He had spoken loudly when he’d given the order.
He looked over at the bed to see if he had disturbed Savannah. She wasn’t in the bed.
“Savannah?”
“I’m dressing in my closet.”
Marek would love to see that but she didn’t invite him inside. “You are supposed to be resting.”
“It’s almost midnight. I’ve slept all day. I can’t sleep anymore.”
“Did I wake you?”
Savannah emerged wearing a black uniform top on top of a black uniform dress. “I heard Klaas outside my door. You shouldn’t antagonize him like that.”
“I probably shouldn’t have.”
Savannah looked much better but the reality of danger had changed the intensity of her eyes. “I don’t want you to be removed as my bodyguard. I’m going to talk to Avidan.”
“I won’t be removed. The Ambassador from Humanity demanded I be your guardian.”
“I don’t think this is something I can leave to chance.”
Marek set his hands on her shoulders. “I saved your life. They wouldn’t dare remove me now.” Savannah chewed her lower lip. “Let’s get you back into bed.”
“No. Marek, I really can’t. Please. Take me to the medical units. I want to help. I need to be working.”
Marek looked over at the closed door. “I can’t keep Klaas away from you if you leave this room.”
“Is he angry with me or something?”
Marek scratched the back of his neck. “I don’t know. Dr. Reginald said Avidan saw your medical scan when he got back from the fight with the Skinners. He was concerned Klaas would be coming after you. I don’t know why he…” Marek trailed off as he looked at Savannah. The color drained from her face, leaving a pale, ghostly shade of gray.
Marek held onto her afraid she might faint. Her big green eyes were wide and frightened.
“Savannah, what is Avidan going to see that is making you so afraid?”
“I don’t want to be alone with Klaas.”
Marek nodded. “Fine, but why? Savannah, talk to me.”
“I’m afraid of what he’ll do. He’s not right in the head.”
His watch buzzed signaling a breach or attack.
What the hell is it now?
Marek read the message and swore. “There’s been an explosion in the medical unit. Someone is trying to wipe out the records and possibly Dr. Reginald.”
“Let’s go see if we can help him.”
Marek agreed. If he was right than Klaas was behind the attack and was also getting rid of the medical order. If Marek and Savannah stayed in her room Klaas would return, dismiss Marek and be alone with Savannah.
There was no answer when he tried to reach Gill. Marek tried Texas next and he answered right away. “What happened?” Marek asked.
“There was an explosion. Gill is dead.”
Marek cringed closing his eyes. “And Dr. Reginald?”
“He’s with me but he was knocked out in the explosion.”
Marek held onto Savannah as he led the way. “Where are you? We’ll come to you.”
“Outside the medic unit.”
Savannah had tears running down her face. Marek knew they were for Gill. That kid didn’t deserve to be killed. Whoever had arranged for that explosion had to be brought to justice.
“I don’t know what would make Klaas kill that could be on your medical record.”
Savannah squeezed his hand and he followed her gaze to Klaas coming toward them up the stairs.
“If you refuse to go with him, I can stay with you but you have to be the one to say no.”
Chapter Twenty-Seven
“You don’t look well, Savannah. I’ll put you back to bed. Shall I?” Klaas grabbed onto Savannah’s arm that wasn’t being held by Marek.
“I feel fine. I am going with Marek,” Savannah said.
“I want to speak with you.” He looked pointedly at Marek. “I need to examine you and see for myself you are unharmed after your little adventure outside the wall.”
Savannah pulled back trying to get her arm free of his grasp, but Klaas wasn’t letting go. “You’ll have to take my word for it. I am fine.”
Klaas squeezed her arm with bruising strength.
“Ouch, you’re hurting me,” Savannah announced trying again to free herself.
Marek grabbed Klaas in-between his shoulder blade and neck, taking him a step back, forcing Klaas to release Savannah.
Paladins were all around watching the exchange. Many of the Paladin soldiers surrounded Savannah and even stood between she and Klaas.
“Show us your arm,” the Paladin standing nearest Savannah said. Savannah slid the sleeve up high enough to show Klaas’ red handprint wrapped around her forearm.
“He has earned Paladin Correction, Marek, sir,” the Paladin called to Marek. The crowd of Paladins all agreed.
Savannah felt sick. This wasn’t going to fix Klaas. He was only going to become angrier. No good would come of this.
“Wait.” Savannah squeezed her way past the Paladins until she was standing next to Marek and Klaas again. “I don’t want him to go to Paladin Correction. I think things just got a little heated.”
“It’s not for you to say, Savannah. We’ve all seen the marks he’s left on you and now by law the debt must be paid,” Marek said.
“Don’t do this, Marek. I have a bad feeling about this.”
The crowd was quiet, Savannah realized and she noticed they were all looking past Savannah to someone else.
“Show me your arm,” Avidan said.
Oh no.
Savannah turned around and there he was standing right behind her. “May I?” He took her hand in his and then slid the sleeve back up her arm slowly with his other hand. The handprint was still there. “It seems you’ve let your passion for Savannah get away from you, son.”
Klaas glared at Avidan and Savannah was shocked by the bitter, deep hatred she saw in his eyes.
“Let us go to Paladin Correction.” Avidan put his arm around her waist and the other at her inside shoulder. “I’ll escort you, my dear.”
They all began walking. Avidan was watching her the whole time and Savannah in his arms found herself babbling. “I really don’t think this is necessary. I forgive Klaas. Let’s just go back about our business.”
“No. My Paladin soldiers are correct the debt must be paid.”
Savannah looked back at Marek. His face was full of anger and concern as he marched beside Klaas. Marek’s blue eyes connected with hers in a promise that everything was going to be okay.
It was a long, uncomfortable walk with Avidan holding her close before they came to a line of four doors labeled Paladin Correction.
“Witnesses take your position up above,” Avidan said to the crowd who followed. They split and went in the door on each side of the double doors.
Marek, Avidan, and Klaas went through the double doors with Savannah still held tight at Avidan’s side. Avidan released Savannah and went over to the wall where the weapons hung. He picked a whip with spiked metal ends. He snapped the whip at the empty correction post. The spikes stuck into the post and littered shards of wood as Avidan flicked his wrist. 
“Klaas, a debt must be paid for your harsh treatment of your wife, Savannah.” Avidan looked at the faces of Marek, Savannah and Klaas looking back at him with a cool expression on his face.
“Since Klaas is next in line to lead Paladin Keep it is unfitting to make him appear weak before his future legion of warriors. Savannah, as his loyal, faithful wife you will stand in for Klaas and pay his debt.”
Savannah’s vision began closing in, the blood draining so quickly from her face, her lips hurt with the blood being pulled from them.
“You won’t touch her, Avidan,” Marek said steadying Savannah.
“Careful, soldier. We both know execution is handed to those who interfere with Paladin justice.”
Marek put his hand at the small of her back penetrating the piercing cold that held her motionless. “I have promised to protect Savannah. I am following the orders you gave me, sir.”
“The debt must be paid,” Avidan said loud enough for the witnesses to hear. He grabbed Savannah and jerked her in to his side. “We have no choice, Savannah.”
Savannah threw his hand off and glared into his eyes. She ignored the fear that had her heart on overdrive. He wanted to break her. Avidan wanted to make her submit to the will of Klaas.
“Fine,” she spat. “And all of these men will see this is not justice.”
“No, Savannah,” Marek got between Avidan and Savannah. “I offer myself to pay the debt.”
Avidan smiled knowingly at Savannah as she shook her head. “This is not how you offer in respect. Get on your knees, soldier.”
Marek lowered to his knees. “I beg you to allow me this honor,” he said as Savannah tried to pull Marek to his feet.
“No. I said I would do it, Marek. Please, I can’t see you hurt because of me. I have to show them.” Savannah pointed up toward the witnesses. “You have to let me show them that this isn’t justice.”
Klaas yanked Savannah back. She fought, kicking and struggling.
“Marek has begged to pay the debt,” Avidan announced to the witnesses. Savannah could hear the murmurs of the Paladins as she continued to struggle. Klaas backed her up beneath the balcony and out of the view of the witnesses. His arm snaked around her throat holding her tightly enough she knew it wouldn’t take much to choke her unconscious.
Klaas slid his other hand around, placing it firmly on her flat stomach and pulled her body against his. “You belong to me, Savannah. I won’t share you. I save your life by allowing you to draw each breath you take, don’t you see that?” He squeezed her neck enough she was beginning to struggle with her vision.
She struggled still as Marek was tied to the correction post.
“I like you like this begging for life in my arms.” He pressed himself harder into her back.
Avidan raised the whip.
“No. Please,” Savannah gasped choking out a feeble plea.
The sharp spikes tore into his flesh with the crack of the whip and Avidan pulled dragging the spikes down his back.
She could see Marek’s muscles straining, only a pain filled gasp sounding from him. Looking at his back they all knew he was in agony.
“Please, Klaas, make him stop.” Savannah begged as he loosened the hold on her neck enough that she could see straight again.
“But look how he’s bleeding for you, Savannah. That’s love. Why couldn’t you do that for me?”
The whip cracked again and the pull splattered blood all over the floor. Savannah was dizzy with the pain of having to witness Marek being tortured. She couldn’t take anymore.
Savannah bit into Klaas’ arm and he roared yanking her hair and head back. She heard the whip crack again but Klaas had her head pulled back so she was looking at the ceiling. “Beg me to spare you, Savannah.” His eyes blazed hot with lust as they drank in the fear and pain in her eyes. “Tell me you want to bleed for me.”
The whip cracked again earning another pain-filled gasp from Marek. Savannah couldn’t believe how turned on Klaas was with what was happening. She knew her disgust with him was all over her face. “You’re sick.”
Klaas lowered her face as another crack of the whip sounded and she saw the spikes drag over the torn flesh of Marek’s back. “Maybe I am but you’re not going to say a word about it to anyone. Open your mouth again and we’ll be back here watching Marek bleed for you.”
He nuzzled her neck saying, “You’ll see when he’s finished, and all the pain he carries around will be gone. He’ll only recognize his physical pain. He’ll be free of the agony of knowing you are mine, and that he belongs to no one. 
“It’s obvious Marek loves you, Savannah. This is really a mercy letting him take my punishment.”
“I won’t say anything against you,” Savannah said as tears coated her cheeks. She’d never seen anything so awful.
Klaas kissed her cheek. “Like I said, Savannah. I own you.”
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Avidan began coiling up the whip. “Justice has been served.” He turned and walked back to the wall hanging the whip. Savannah thought he would untie Marek but he didn’t.
Avidan walked straight over to Savannah and Klaas where she was still being held with an arm around her neck. “Consummate the marriage, Klaas.” 
His dark eyes ran over Savannah as she tried to unpeel Klaas’ arm from her neck. “Or do I need to show you how to do that too?” He smiled at her startled expression showing his sharpened canine teeth. He exited through the double doors the smile still on his face.
“Say it, Savannah. Say that I own you and I’ll let you go and cry on Marek.”
All Savannah cared about was that he was going to let her go. “You won me.”
Klaas bit into the top of her ear drawing blood. He released all but her wrist and she turned back to pull her hand free. His teeth were tinted red from her blood. “If I bit you hard enough your pain on Marek’s behalf is diminished. You’re welcome.” He still held her wrist.
“Let me go.”
“You haven’t thanked me.”
“Thank you,” Savannah forced past her tight lips.
Klaas nodded. “Was that so hard?” He finally released her and she ran to Marek.
The knots in the rope were tight. His hands were purple. She found a knife on his belt and began to saw through the rope. “Marek, I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” he groaned. “You didn’t do this.” His blue eyes were full of rage like she’d never seen. The rope broke and Marek slid down the post.
Savannah did her best to ease him to the floor. She cradled his head in her lap and wiped the perspiration and blood from his face. “You must be in terrible pain. We need to get you to a doctor.”
“There is worse pain, Savannah.”
He was lying on his stomach and she had a clear view of his back. More tears ran down her face. “I don’t think so.”
“It hurts more knowing you belong to Klaas.”
Savannah forgot anybody else was there, the witnesses or Klaas, who stood watching them carefully. “My heart belongs to you.”
Foot falls reminded her of what she’d forgotten and she looked up to see the Paladins watching them as Klaas and Dr. Reginald approached.
The Paladins wore horrified expressions and it gave Savannah hope. Maybe they understood that what they had witnessed wasn’t justice at all.
“He can’t be treated,” Klaas told the doctor. “He’s been punished, you know the law.”
“I’m allowed to clean the wounds.”
Klaas looked at the doctor like he’d spoken some profanity in his daring to correct him.
Dr. Reginald had black soot on his face and neck and his hair was singed on the left side of his head. Savannah noticed that Klaas didn’t ask him if he was okay and her opinion of Klaas hit an even lower bottom.
She knew he must have been responsible for the explosion.
Klaas meeting her gaze said, “He is unfit to protect you, Savannah. You’ll have to come with me.”
Marek sat up. “Hand me my shirt, please, doctor?” He held his hand out and Dr. Reginald gave him the shirt he’d discarded before being tied. He stood with blood running down his back and said, “I feel fine.”
Klaas grinned at Marek. “Sure. After all her heart belongs to you. Tonight though, her body belongs to me.” Klaas winked at Savannah. He laughed triumphantly as he walked away.
Ezra came running into the room sliding onto the floor as he tried to stop when he saw Marek. “What happened?”
“Let’s take him to the steam shower in medic unit five. It’s just three doors down,” Dr. Reginald instructed.
Ezra made Marek lean on him. Savannah and the doctor opened the doors and led the way.
“You love him don’t you?” Dr. Reginald asked her.
“Yes,” Savannah answered wiping fresh tears from her cheeks.
The doctor opened the medic unit door as they waited for Marek and Ezra to catch up. “So tell him.”
“I did. I told him my heart belongs to him.”
“No. Tell him your marriage hasn’t been consummated.”
Marek and Ezra caught up by that point. “Don’t touch my back,” Marek growled at Ezra.
“Stop walking like a gimp and I won’t have to touch your back,” Ezra growled back.
Savannah waited until they were inside before she answered Dr. Reginald. “He’s not going to believe me.”
The doctor gave Savannah’s shoulder a squeeze. “Yes, he will.”
Savannah followed the doctor inside. “I need the floor, you’re dismissed, Dr. Shaw,” Dr. Reginald told the other doctor who seemed to understand the situation immediately. Dr. Shaw lowered the screen over the door before he exited giving them privacy.
Marek sat on the table as directed and Savannah came around the front and held his hands. “You are my hero, Marek, but you won’t be able to keep Klaas away from me forever. I think you should rest now. I can take care of myself with Klaas.”
His blue eyes were intense as he smiled at her. “I promised I would take care of you and I keep my promises.”
“But you can’t protect me when you’re injured like this.”
“Try to stop me, Savannah.”
Dr. Reginald cut in saying, “I am going to use the accelerant spray and battlefield light.”
“You can’t do that you’ll be punished,” Marek told the doctor.
The doctor pulled the shirt off of Marek’s back. “You saved my life sending the Paladin soldiers to watch over me. It’s the least I can do. Besides this healing method is for the battlefield and hurts like hell. You may not be so thankful during the treatment.”
Dr. Reginald sprayed his back with the spray in an excessive amount. Marek didn’t look afraid. Savannah couldn’t understand how he could be so calm. 
He kissed her fingers that were intertwined with his. “Savannah, I’ve gotten blood all over you. Why don’t you go change?” 
Savannah began to decline but caught the doctor nodding at her and realized Marek didn’t want her to see him in pain. “Are you sure? I want to stay with you and be here for you.”
Ezra took her elbow. “Come on, Savannah. We’ll find you something clean.” Savannah let him lead her away wanting to resist with each step she took.
He opened a door that was at the other end of the medic unit. As soon as the door closed she heard Marek roar in pain and Ezra blocked her as she tried to run back to Marek. Another yell filled with agony sounded, this one louder than the last.
“He needs me,” Savannah cried. Ezra hugged her tight in his arms. “I know. It hurts me too.”
Marek yelled a third time and Savannah didn’t think she could take anymore. She sobbed into Ezra’s shoulder. The fourth yell was the loudest and cut off suddenly.
Savannah drew back with alarm. “Is he dead?”
“No. He’s passed out. That’s good.” Ezra found a uniform and handed it to her. “When he wakes up he’ll want to see the woman he loves.” Ezra stepped out and Savannah shed the uniform jacket she was wearing over her dress and was pleased to see that her dress didn’t have any blood on it. The jacket had taken the brunt of it.
She washed her hands, arms and face at the sink. Savannah found antiseptic wipes and used them on her ear where Klaas had bitten her. She was willing to bet his little love bites had been the cause for the Band-Aids Sylvia and Josefina had noticed on the last bride.
Savannah tried to tame the waves of her hair a little and then hurried out to see Marek. She didn’t want to miss him waking up and her not being there to offer him whatever support he might need.
“How is he?”
“We’ve finished the treatment. His back will heal in the next two hours.”
“Two hours?” Savannah asked in astonishment.
“It was created to keep our numbers strong on the battlefield. It’s too painful to use outside of emergencies but the way things are going for you two I knew he’d need his health.”
Savannah sighed knowing the doctor was right. “Poor Marek.”
Ezra and the doctor looked at each other. “We’re pretty sure it was Klaas who hurt the girl at the brothel. You need to be careful.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, your friend Asia found the record. It was marked out but Asia was pretty sure the name written was Klaas.”
Savannah remembered the girl sobbing in the center of the crowd of girls at the brothel. There had been a lot of blood, but it was the sounds coming from the poor girl that stuck most with Savannah.
“Don’t tell Marek.”
Ezra made a scoffing noise. “I’m telling him.”
“He can’t keep Klaas from me at night. You can’t let him be tortured by what he can’t change.”
Dr. Reginald tapped a syringe he held up to the light. “Done? I’m waking him up. Klaas finds him asleep and he’ll take you.”
“Let’s give him a half hour at least,” Savannah said.
The doctor shook his head. “You’ve got some talking to do with him before Klaas comes for you and besides that Marek made me promise to wake him if he passed out.”
He injected the light blue contents of the syringe into Marek. “Back up,” the doctor said and the three stepped back as Marek started breathing harder. He was sweating as he shot up into a sitting position from his face down position on the table.
His blue eyes were wide, his nostrils flaring. He looked around quickly at the wide eyed group of friends staring back at him.
“It’s adrenaline and some wellbeing that will level you out in just a minute,” Dr. Reginald explained.
Marek swung his feet off the bed onto the floor. “I feel good.” He smiled at Savannah.
“Good. Go steam that back.” Dr. Reginald pointed toward the door at the back of the large front room. Savannah watched in amazement as he passed her. His back still looked like raw, tender skin, but it was miraculous how much better it looked.
Savannah hugged the doctor. “Thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome. Now go see if he needs any help.” Her eyebrows rose at him and he gave her an encouraging smile and nod. “Tell him.”
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Marek looked at his back in the mirror. He was impressed, it was so much better. He wouldn’t tire anytime soon and would be able to watch over Savannah.
He unbuttoned the top button of his pants pausing as the door opened and Savannah stepped inside. Her eyes followed his arms down to where his hands lingered at the fly of his pants.
“Are you okay?” He asked.
She nodded her green eyes making a slow journey back to meet his. “Marek?”
Steam filled the room in a warm, heavy mist that soaked Savannah’s now transparent white dress. He was beginning to breathe a little faster as he drank in the sight of her perfect breasts and luscious, dusky-pink peaks calling to him to taste her.
She met his gaze with challenge and anticipation. “What are you waiting for?”
He hoped for her sake the challenge she’d just accepted was the same one he was thinking it was. Marek went to her before she changed her mind and claimed her lips with his. The warm moisture from the steam made her sweet lips wet. 
Marek ran his tongue along the seam of her lips tasting her. She opened up to him, and he ravished her mouth. Cradling her face in his hands, he drank her in only increasing his thirst for her.
Finally she was in his arms and there was so much he wanted to do to with her sexy body, things he wanted to hear this woman he loved scream.
Marek bent his head and pulled her right breast into his mouth through her wet uniform. Savannah gasped with surprise and pleasure. She braced herself with her hands on his shoulders as he moved to the left breast, sucking her fully into his mouth. His mouth felt so good, warm and demanding.
She buried her fingers in his hair as he returned to the other swollen peak as if he knew she already missed feeling his mouth on her there. The yearning need for him seemed to grow instead of diminish the more he touched her.
“Don’t stop, Marek,” she said as he straightened.
His hands cupped her breasts, his thumbs teasing the tips as he captured her mouth again. He loved the whimpering sounds of pleasure she made against his lips as he massaged her luscious bosoms. He was so hard, but he wasn’t about to rush.
Marek was so hungry for her. He kissed her deeply, backing her up against the door. He lifted her, spreading her legs and positioning them on his hips. He pressed his hard member against her feminine heat, moving in a rhythmic circular motion.
She felt so good he couldn’t get enough. 
Savannah’s wet dress rubbed against his skin reminding him that it was time the dress came off. He lowered her feet back to the floor and unbuttoned the top of her dress as he continued to make love to her mouth.
The opening of her dress revealed the small space between her full breasts. Marek kissed his way down her neck and continued down the valley between the two perfect breasts he planned to suckle thoroughly.
Marek opened the top of the dress further groaning as his throbbing rod tightened further with the sight of her glistening wet rosebud tipped breasts. “You’re so beautiful, Savannah.” He ran his thumbs over her soft, tight nipples.
Savannah was aching for him to take her in his mouth again. She attempted to guide him but he resisted, pinching the sensitive peaks between his fingers and thumbs. He watched her, drinking in her desire as his warm breath ran over her breast.
He ran his hot tongue over the tip and up her breast and again he pulled back, his breath tickling her skin. It wasn’t enough. “Marek, please,” she gasped trying again to bring his lips back to her aching breasts.
“Mmmm so good, baby.” He suckled her like she needed, drawing her into his mouth as he massaged her left breast. She arched against his mouth. “Mmm.” His mouth vibrated with a sound of pleasure, increasing the ache in her core.
He slid the dress from her shoulders as he moved his ravenous mouth to her left breast. His hands moved to the neck of the dress, sliding it down her body.
Savannah pulled her arms out and sank her fingers in his hair as he continued the decent of the dress over her silky smooth hips. His fingers trailed down her naked legs as the dress met the floor. 
She stepped out of the dress and Marek cupped her through her panties that were wet with evidence of her intense arousal.
Her heart pounded in her chest. She was nervous. In all her making out with Ryan she’d always kept her panties on. She wanted Marek so much she had little trouble pushing her worried nerves aside and embraced the feelings of ecstasy emanating from his magic hand that was teasing her masterfully.
“I want to be right here,” Marek said as his fingers dipped beneath her panties. “You’re so sexy, Savannah.” He drew on her breast again as he descended down her body.
The steam soaked her white panties. He ran his tongue along the line of her panties as her slippery moisture coated this fingers as he parted her lips and stroked her deeper.
Savannah gasped grabbing onto his shoulders. “I need, Marek.” She didn’t think she could wait, there was an energy building a deep need that Marek had to satisfy or she might explode.
She wasn’t sure why he was on his knees and tried to guide him back up, but her arms felt so weak with the building waves of ecstasy rocking through her.
“Wait,” Savannah said breathlessly as Marek slid her panties down to see the heart shape of soft brown hair inviting him to taste her most intimate part of her.
She had only a slight moment of unease at what his reaction would be to her body but he extinguished them with his sexual groan. “Aw, baby,” his voice was so thick it erased any insecurity she might have had.
Marek’s hot breath awakened her to the knowledge of what he was about to do and she watched him kiss her as intense blinding rapture burned through her. He ran his tongue over her wet lips.
Savannah sank her nails into his shoulders as her head fell back against the wall. Marek opened her legs further, setting her leg over his shoulder as his tongue delved deeper. He sucked her into his mouth. “Mmmm.”
“Marek,” she gasped trying to pull away. “Wait, I want you.” He held her in place burying his face deeper drinking in her passion for him. 
His whisker growth moved over all her pleasure sensors. His hand ran up her thigh, his finger caressed her opening as he continued to lick her and suckle her. 
Her sexual whimpers and moaning had him so hard he was in pain, but he wanted her to know how good he could make it for her. How thoroughly he would always make love to her, she was all he wanted.
She tasted sweet, in a way that had him thirsty to lap up every glistening drop of moisture he could get.
Marek slowly and purposefully sank his fingers into her wet heat. He drew back and looked up at her arched against the wall her swollen wet breasts calling him. His thumb continued to circle the center of her pleasure as he pumped his finger inside her silky, wet center.
She was so tight. 
She met his hot gaze as her mouth fell open, her muscles spasming around his fingers as she cried out his name. Her knees weakening he held her up, continuing the rhythm of his fingers watching her reaching the height of pleasure.
His shaft was throbbing, straining against the zipper of his pants. He wanted her so badly, his need greater than he’d ever known. She was tight around his finger. He needed to try to be gentle with her.
He prayed he would have that control.
She sagged against the wall breathing hard as the waves of her climax dwindled. He loved seeing her pleasure and knowing it was by his hand.
Savannah lowered her leg, looking at him through lowered dark lashes as her breasts raised and lowered with her fast breathing. She encircled his wrist still situated between her legs, with her long slender fingers. “I can’t think while you’re doing that.”
“Good.” He continued to stroke her. She was tight around his fingers but so wet and slippery. She was ready for him.
Savannah knelt down releasing his wrist to finish unzipping his pants, freeing his hard shaft. She ran her hand over him and he groaned with need moving against her hand. 
She rocked against his hand still stroking her as she moved her hand up and down his velvety smooth length. He was very big and pulsing in her grasp.
His blue eyes closed as he groaned and removed his hand and put it over hers. “Are you ready for me, baby?” He took hold of her hips. “I need you.”
Savannah was enjoying the wild desire in his eyes and feeling like the sexiest woman alive knowing he needed and wanted her like he did. 
Asia filled her in on what men liked in the cram session before the Picking, she’d been disgusted at the time but looking at Marek she was filled with yearning. She bent forward and ran her tongue over the head of his shaft. Marek tensed up easing her away.
“I need to be inside you, baby.”
He was so hot, his blue eyes unquenchable as they roamed her body. “One more kiss like that and I won’t get to fill you like I’ve wanted to from day one. I want you to be mine in every way.”
She ran her free hand over his hard stomach, he was tan everywhere. The size of him gave her forewarning he wasn’t going to fit inside of her very easily.
The steam shut off but Marek didn’t seem to notice. Soon someone would be coming to check on them. 
Marek lifted her onto his lap. The head of his hard dick slid across her womanhood and the warm liquid arousal there. She watched as he reacted to the feel of her against him. He bucked against her. The tremors of pleasure were already building again. Savannah bit her lip to stifle the cry filled with lust for him.
Savannah’s head fell back as he moved against her and the intensity of her desire climbed higher. “You like that, baby?” He bucked again holding her tight against him, his hands on her voluptuous hips. 
He kept moving against her hot center with his shaft driving Savannah to forget about any possible audience as she pleaded with him to take her.
He lowered her to the floor on her back. She tensed, closing her eyes. Her pink lips parted as she said his name, “Marek, don’t make me wait.”
Kneeling, Marek held her ripe cheeks in his hands. He closed his eyes knowing that if he continued to look at her sexy, beautiful body he wouldn’t last. He pressed the head of his shaft past her slippery soft entrance and began to pump slowly allowing her to adjust to his size.
Savannah could feel him beginning to fill an emptiness she hadn’t known was there. She looked at him positioned on his knees between her legs, his face was strained and his eyes were on fire with desire and need.
She held onto his thighs as the muscles of her core gripped him. He pumped deeper and couldn’t hold back any longer. Holding onto her hips he pounded all the way to the quick and froze there as he realized what had just happened.
He looked at her with alarm. 
Did I just rip through her virginity? Did I hurt her? I should have been gentler.
Savannah drug her nails down his thighs. “Don’t stop,” she cried.
Marek began pumping his thick shaft into her hot, pulsing center. They both needed more. He put her legs over his shoulders. Savannah cried out as he slammed into her. Marek kept going, he couldn’t stop. He was taking her so deep and hard she cried out again as she reached the highest crest of physical pleasure. She screamed his name as he thrust deep again and again.
Marek groaned, pumping, she was squeezing him so good and tight. He thrust deep, feeling her convulsing muscles around his shaft as he filled her with his seed. Squeezing her hips he pushed deep to her full capacity pouring into her as he rocked against her.
The room seemed to be pulsing with them as they drifted down from the heavens they’d climbed.
He’d never come so hard or been so completely consumed with his need before. She made him almost animalistic, so driven to stay inside her and quench his hunger for her over and over again.
Marek gathered her into his lap still breathing hard and still buried deep inside her. He could have stayed that way forever.
He’d like to bring her to a third orgasm while he readied himself for another round but the room was turning cold around them and with the cold came the reality of their situation.
Savannah sighed in satisfaction against his chest. Marek kissed her, silently promising her that Klaas was not going to keep her as his wife. Marek wasn’t going to share his sweet Savannah with anyone. They belonged to each other now.
Chapter Thirty
Marek got the steam going again by knocking on the door and calling out for more steam. Savannah felt the absence of Marek as their bodies disconnected. She shivered at the chill, and Marek brought her back into his arms as the steam started up again.
They stepped inside the showering cubical where the steam was thicker. Marek turned on the water finding a soothing almost hot temperature.
Savannah washed with Marek soaping what he said were his favorite parts, she giggled as he soaped her from head to toe. She leaned against his chest as the water rinsed the soap from their bodies.
Marek kissed her shoulder and her neck. He pressed his lips to her temple as he asked, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I didn’t think you would believe me.”
Marek was quiet considering her answer. Then he asked, “Where did the blood on the bed come from?”
Savannah’s body tensed up as she remembered Klaas making her swear not to tell what was about to take place, when they’d stained the bed with her blood.
After his behavior at the correction post though Savannah no longer felt any loyalty or compassion for Klaas. She couldn’t tell the story with Marek’s hands on her though.
She stepped out of his arms and exited the shower. She toweled off trying to figure out where to begin.  It was hard to make the incident rise from the place inside of her where she’d tried to hide it from herself. 
Marek didn’t push. He waited patiently. He began to dry off as Savannah opened a closet door and found a blue uniform that would be a little big but she could make it work. As she began to dress she started talking. 
“Klaas made me promise not to tell anyone what was coming before I knew what was going to happen. I was afraid but he’d just saved my brother and my family so I promised him I wouldn’t tell.” 
She could feel his labored breathing on her neck and smell the foul stench of his seat as it soaked the top of her dress she’d been in. “He opened my dress from the back and then pushed me forward onto the bed. He reopened the stripes. I guess they weren’t bleeding enough anymore.”
Savannah clenched her jaw closing her eyes as the memory of Klaas ripping her injuries open and extending them past their original length and depth. She had cried out in pain and as it went on and on she finally pleaded with him to stop. He had pressed her face into the bed and continued.
“When he felt it was bleeding enough he turned me over on the sheets and pressed me into the bed.” Savannah remembered how hard he was breathing by that point and how dark his eyes were. She had been terrified.
“He started saying things.” She furrowed her brow trying to remember his exact words but they eluded her. “It was like he was arguing with someone. I was really scared but then out of no where he stood up and then helped me from the bed. He said he was sorry if he hurt me but he was doing what was best. He said not to be afraid and then gave me that horrible red dress to wear.”
Savannah buttoned her last button and then looked over at Marek. He had only managed to pull on his pants that were still hanging open.
His blue eyes were wide and his mouth was open, his jaw flexed. “That is the behavior of a lunatic, Savannah. He is a danger to you. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“It’s not the easiest story to tell. I thought he was grieving. Loss can make people act quite strangely and even harshly when they normally wouldn’t.”
Marek crossed the room and pulled her into his arms. “I’m going to make this right. I want you to stay with Ezra.”
“You’re leaving?” Savannah asked pulling back to look at him.
“I love you, Savannah. I have to do this. It’s the only way I know that I can protect you.” He kissed her, his hard sexy chest under her hands, his mouth claiming hers. 
His lips were strong, his kiss warm and intimate as he stroked her tongue with his. Marek’s passion was so hot she felt branded by his kiss. “Do you trust me?”
“Yes,” Savannah answered. “I do.”
*****
Ezra approached as soon as Marek popped his head out of the door. Dr. Reginald had opened up the doors and was treating patients.
“Klaas is looking for you both,” Ezra said.
Marek grabbed both of Ezra’s shoulders. “Take Savannah to the Armory and stay with her there. I know Blade and the men there will help you protect Savannah. I need to go to speak with the Ambassador.”
“Now?”
“I can’t explain it. I have to go now.”
Ezra shook his head as the trio made it to the back exit. “Humanity is closed. They locked it up tight after the wall breach and the explosion in the medic unit.”
“You got Louis out.”
“Take me with you,” Savannah said.
Marek turned to face Savannah. “It’s your curse of beauty. We won’t get past the hallway with you at my side. Klaas already has the Paladins looking for you. To make this work I have to get to Humanity.”
“Don’t worry, I’ve got Savannah. I won’t let anything happen to her.”
“I am counting on you like I have never before, Ezra. You must protect her with your life.” Marek’s hands were sweating. He didn’t want to be separated from Savannah especially while Klaas was actively looking for her. It was either take the chance right then or lose her forever.
“No mater what, don’t let Klaas get his hands on Savannah,” Marek told Ezra. He framed Savannah’s face with his hands. “I promise I am going to be back as fast as I can.”
Chapter Thirty-One
Savannah still felt his farewell kiss on her swollen lips. She wanted to yell at Marek to come back as he raced away from her. Ezra tried to reassure her, but she couldn’t shake the fear from her bones.
Klaas had been excited when he’d held her at the correction post and whatever was driving him was revved up. He was coming for her and she knew that one Paladin guard, even if it was Ezra wasn’t going to be enough.
They needed to make it to the Armory quickly.
“One more turn and we’re going to be at the Armory.” He was leading her through a network of small tunneled hallways she’d not known existed. “I owe you an apology for before with the Skinners. I thought Marek had you.”
“You can’t blame yourself for their evil.”
Ezra raised his brows at her. “That’s very generous of you. I know I let you down.”
Savannah smiled at him the best she could with her body stiff with dread. She gripped Ezra’s arm as he led her out into the main hallway.
They didn’t make it more than ten steps before Klaas found them, and he was standing between them and the Armory that was only ten feet away.
“It looks like I won’t have to tell Marek he’s off duty.” Klaas stared hard at Ezra. “I’ll take my wife.”
“She’s already promised her time elsewhere,” Ezra said guiding Savannah to try to squeeze past Klaas.
Klaas sidestepped into their path. “I couldn’t care less. Savannah, come here,” he said his dark eyes shooting to hers.
“She’s not going anywhere with you,” Ezra said.
Klaas grinned showing his white teeth and the cruelty in his eyes. “I was hoping you’d say that.” He brought his hand forward he’d had behind his back and shot Ezra. He rushed forward catching him and slid him to the floor, propping him up against the wall.
“He’s paralyzed, thanks for the gun by the way. You are terrible at hiding weapons.”
Savannah had been about to scream but Klaas held up the red poison capsule Blade had given her. Obviously she wasn’t good at hiding her weapons. “He’ll be paralyzed for a full hour. Plenty of time for the poison to due him in, right Ez?”
Klaas made Ezra nod by holding the back of his head. “You wanna come and watch me screw Savannah?” He made him nod again. “Should we bring him, Savannah?”
Savannah pushed his hand away from Ezra. “Leave him alone, Klaas.” She tried for the pill but Klaas fisted it laughing at her attempt.
“There it is. I’ve been waiting to see some defiance. You gonna fight me off, little mouse?” He gripped her wrist and pulled her to her feet. “Call for help and we'll watch someone else take a beating and poor Ezra. He won't make it.”
“You won't get away with this, Klaas,” Savannah said as she tried to pull her wrist free. 
“Oh, I'm not? Because someone is going to punish me for collecting what's mine?” He laughed at her again dragging her along.
He loved the resistance she realized so she stopped fighting, hoping it would turn him off or at least buy her more time. "You're right. I'm glad we are at least going to do our duty. Let's go."
Klaas glared at her jerking her roughly along. "This is going to be fun for me,” he said to himself. 
Savannah looked for a familiar face in the hallway as they continue toward her bedroom. It was still too early to see very many soldiers in remotely. The ones she did see didn't look in her direction. They had obviously heard about what had happened with Marek and the correction post when he had dared to interfere with Klaas and Savannah.
Klaas opened her door and shoved her inside. She watched in horror as he locked the door with a lock Blade must have installed for her.
He was sweating when he turned around. “I’m not well, Savannah. You should be smart and give me what I want.”
“I will. Here let me undress for you.”
“No,” Klaas growled his eyes burning. "You know what I want." Savannah made herself remain calm on the outside while she was screaming for her life on the inside. "Let’s do our duty. I am tired of your parents hounding me about this, Klaas."
Klaas was showing that grin again, the white toothed cruelty grin. “That's okay, Savvy. I'll help you." He rose up the knife. "We’ll get there. "
Oh no.
Savannah put her hands palms up. "Hold on, Klaas. I know you don't want to hurt me. You've been protecting me, remember?”
“I've been trying but you've been baiting me. You've shown me you want this fight as much as I do. You know I’m sick of having everything handed to me. You know what I need. I won’t lose what’s mine this time.”
She started backing up toward the bed where she'd hid one of the weapons. 
Please, Savannah, just get to it.
“You became the woman everyone wants to be like or be on top of. The women are going to grow their hair out and they've all started wearing dresses like the great Savannah. I told you to stop drawing attention and you defied me. You wanted to show me you are up for this fight.” 
Savannah shook her head continuing to back up with Klaas continuing to follow her. She hoped he wouldn't throw the knife.
“You dressed up in the dress my father gave you to spark the competition up between us knowing your actions would push me into action. I know you see how much I hate him.”
He was talking more to himself than to Savannah. He twisted the handle of the knife in his hands. “Three men for one woman? You're dirty, Savannah, you like it dirty and bloody.” 
“I don't.” 
He glared at her. “These pretty pleases aren't going to cut it, Savannah. Let me help you scream.” Klaas came at her. Savannah leapt up onto and over the top of the bed. He laughed. “A chase, I like it.” 
Klaas stood on the bed right near the spot she had hidden her weapon. She couldn’t even be sure it was still there. Klaas had taken the gun and the pill. He might have taken the other weapons too. “You and I are perfectly matched, Savannah. I knew it when you bowed your head showing me your bloody stripe. No one shows up to a Picking all bloody like that. It was a sign.”
“Three wives dead is going to get you executed, Klaas.”
“I didn’t kill them,” he roared snatching up her wrist as she reached for the weapon. “I am not a murderer.” 
Fear spiraled through her as he snarled in her face. Savannah clawed his face with her free hand earning a backhanded punch that sent her into a momentary daze. When she recovered her right hand was tied to the bed post.
“You cut off her finger,” Savannah said around her swollen lip. She hoped keeping him talking would keep him from using that knife. “What else did you cut off? How can you do that and not be a killer?”
Klaas hit her again. The blow made her ears ring as he started pacing next to the bed. “I didn’t know she’d been poisoned. I thought she was refusing to play our game. I wanted her to scream but she wouldn’t. She kept staring at me.” 
Savannah recoiled from him on the bed searching with her left hand for the weapon. Her fingers found a solid cold bar underneath the pillows behind her. 
Thank heaven.
She tried to remember the demonstration Blade had given her when he’d given her the weapon. “I don’t want to kill you. I wanted to feel better. We’ll be together and the pain will go away.” His face softened. “Let me show you.”
Savannah punched the button on the bar and threw the weapon at his feet. Klaas slammed into an invisible wall giving him a shock that singed his dark brows. He stared at her and she at him with incredulous expressions on their faces. Savannah sighed, sagging against the headboard.
“You shouldn’t have done that, Savannah. Now who is going to protect you?”
*****
Marek reached through the gate and grabbed hold of the Paladin who refused him entrance into Humanity. “Let me in. You can see I’m alone and you know I’m a Paladin.” 
“You know I can’t,” the Paladin yelled back.
“You’ll have to shoot me then. I’m coming in.” 
“Marek, don’t be stupid.”
Marek shed his weapons belt. He removed a knife from his boots and untied the belt under his shirt. “I’m completely unarmed. Shoot an unarmed Paladin and see how that goes over.” Marek got back into the saddle and then jumped up, climbing the next four feet. He reached the top of the wall and started over without hesitation. 
“Hold your fire,” the Paladin at the gate ordered the Paladins with raised guns. Marek climbed halfway down and jumped to the hard ground. 
“I need to see the Ambassador, now.” The Paladins allowed him to pass once the Paladin guard in charge nodded. Marek’s heart was pounding. He pushed himself hard. Marek couldn’t move fast enough. 
He was gaining a lot of attention from the workers who had to rise before the sun as he shot down the main street. At the end of the road stood the home of the Ambassador. Marek would climb through a window if he had to. He wasn’t taking no for an answer.
Chapter Thirty-Two
Savannah was fighting with the knot around her right wrist. It was not one she was familiar with and it certainly was effective. 
Klaas kept talking inside the cage she had trapped him in and everything he was saying was disturbing and confusing to hear. “By the end of the night you’ll be dead, Savannah. I didn’t want you to die. I pushed you away but you called me to you. You called him to you. It’s not my fault. This isn’t my fault,” he said. Klaas was crying again. “We could’ve been happy together.”
“Klaas, you can’t be happy with anybody. You’re sick. You need help.”
Klaas didn’t acknowledge that she’d said anything at all. “We could have beaten him together.”
“Who is this he you keep referring to?”
“Me,” Avidan said startling Savannah into screaming.
She scrambled away from him on the bed but didn’t get far with her wrist still bound. “How did you get in here?”
“Marek was good enough to make me my own private entrance.”
Savannah remembered Marek telling her he was putting a door in for her but he’d never shown her where. “How could you know about that?”
Avidan began undoing his belt. “I installed a camera in your room the second night you were here. I’ve been watching you. Seeing you with this abomination.” He waved his hand at Klaas. “You’re sloppy. Right now the Armory has discovered Ezra and they have the means to rouse him from the paralysis you left him in.”
Avidan’s mouth frowned in disgust as he looked at his son. “Your cutting fetish isn’t going to fly with them only minutes away from storming her room. Someone has to step in and deflower your wife. You had your chance, Klaas.”
Savannah was ready to leave her hand behind had it not been attached. She chewed frantically at the rope as Avidan turned back toward her. “I’ve been most entertained by your behavior with Marek. Thought he’d have raised your skirts by now.” He whipped the bottom of the bed with his belt.
“I know you wore the dress for me. I’ve seen how you look at me. Why settle for a pawn or prince when you can have the king, yes?”
Klaas ducked his head down. “You don’t have to watch, you don’t have to see,” he said to himself rocking in place.
Savannah kicked Avidan in the stomach when he sat on the bed. “Stay away from me.”
Avidan’s eyes blazed. He climbed on top of her as someone pounded on the door. Her shoulder was screaming in pain internally. Any moment it was going to give and go out of socket.
“Savannah?” Ezra shouted from the other side of her door.
“Help me,” Savannah screamed.
He started ramming the door. Avidan’s eyes were wide as they watched the hinges shake.
Avidan wrapped his hands around her neck and squeezed with fierce strength. His eyes were bulging, and his face purple with rage. 
“Don’t kill her,” Klaas pleaded getting burned on the cage wall.
“She knows too much.” Avidan smiled, his eyes soaking up every trace of pain that crossed her face.
Klaas made a horrible sound filled with dread and fear feeding Savannah’s state of terror as she struggled to draw air. “You’ve brought this on yourself,” Avidan said veins bulging at his temples.
Savannah sank her nails into his arm and dragged them down to his wrist, his skin gathering under her nails. She kicked and twisted but with one hand tied to the post she could do precious little to stop Avidan.
“Stop it,” Klaas was yelling. “She’s mine. You take everything away from me.”
Her body was screaming for air. The pressure around her eyes was immense to the point she felt they would burst. Savannah raked her nails across his eyes. Avidan yelled in pain releasing her to cover his eyes. 
Savannah gasped for air as the door shook again with another impact. She could hear many voices on the other side.
Avidan reached for her again. This time he pinned her arm underneath her and straddled her above her elbow as she screamed an ear splitting sound.
His hands were on her throat again. He was squeezing hard. His lips were twisted in a gruesome smile, his face red and bloated above hers. She worked her hand free from under her body and tried to peel his hands from her neck.
Darkness was closing in she could hear herself gasping struggling for air, Klaas crying and another impact into the door. Then the pounding seemed to stop as a loud buzzing sound drowned out the other noise. 
Did they give up? Am I dead?
Savannah knew Avidan wasn’t going to stop until she was dead. She wasn’t sure if she was dead. Escaping Avidan hadn’t worked. Playing dead was her only option left. It took all of her self control to relax her body when it was screaming for air.
Faintly through the numb distant feel of her one free hand she let it fall away from Avidan’s choking hands.
He was still squeezing.
Be still. Don’t move. 
The weight of Avidan’s body left her with his smothering hands. She heard him leave through the door Marek had made as another impact sounded past the buzzing in her ears.
When she breathed it sounded like wheezing, she couldn’t get the air she needed fast enough.
“Come on, Savannah. Breathe,” Klaas wailed. His voice faded away as she was swallowed by the darkness she could no longer fight.
*****
“You’ve got the disc and two dead girls already on your hands. Sound the alarm.”
“I can’t afford to be rash.” The Ambassador fisted his hands. “This means more than annulling a wedding. It means a new leader. We don’t have anyone lined up if Klaas is as crazy as you say he is.”
Marek grabbed the rope and yanked it sounding the alarm. “That doesn’t matter,” he yelled over the noise. “If Savannah dies the system will breakdown anyway. Humanity won’t trust the Paladins to keep them safe. Show them we are accountable to each other.”
The Ambassador wiped the sweat from his face. “I hope you’re right.”
Marek turned toward the door.
“Where are you going?”
“You have the disc. I will return. I’m going back for Savannah.” Marek didn’t care to stop to take in the reaction of the Ambassador. He raced back down the street. His adrenaline blocked any fatigue he might have felt. The people of Humanity were coming out of their homes. The sun rising striking their alarmed faces and making Marek feel as though he had been separated from Savannah for much longer than he had been.
Ezra better be taking good care of you, baby.
The gates were open to accept the legion of Paladin warriors the alarm was summoning. Marek’s horse stood where he’d been left, unaffected by the deafening alarm. In a frantic swoop Marek gathered up the articles he’d discarded and climbed up onto this horse.
He could hear the horses coming from Paladin Keep and knew he was racing the wrong way down what was to be a one way street. Running his horse close to the outer wall was Marek’s only option if he wasn’t going to turn back.
The legions came racing through making it very slow going in his progress toward Paladin Keep.
His watch was vibrating.
Marek looked down and read the words he was dreading scroll across the face of the watch.
Klaas has her.
Marek pushed harder, yelling at the Paladins to clear a path. He was halfway back and could see the end of the Paladin army racing to Humanity.
Forty more feet and he would be out of the throngs of horses and Paladins. Marek pushed through continuing to yell out to steer clear.
The Paladins cleared a narrow path. Marek signaled his horse to run. The wall scraped against his right arm and leg as he and his horse squeezed through the tiny path. His horse bulked at the scraping of the wall but Marek kept him on the path.
They made it into the clearing and zoomed down the last stretch to Paladin Keep. Marek leapt off his horse landing in a run.
Paladin Keep would have been in chaos if the drills hadn’t been run on a weekly basis. Marek raced down the hallway. Ezra and a crowd of Paladins from Armory were trying to break down Savannah’s door. Marek ran around them into his room leaving the door open.
“Marek,” Ezra yelled after him.
He opened the secret door and everything suddenly slowed down. Savannah was lying dangerously still on the bed. Her wrist bound and her arm over extended. Savannah’s face was turned away and Marek saw the dark red marks on her neck.
How could this have happened? Please let her be alive.
He climbed through the passage and went to her. Savannah’s eyes were open and staring.
She’s dead.
“Savannah?” Marek said his voice telling in how he was on the brink of losing his mind. He prepared to breathe life back into the woman he loved.
She blinked her bloodshot eyes and turned her face toward him. “Where have you been?”
“Get a doctor!” Marek told Ezra, who had followed him inside. Ezra closed the passage door and ran to open the chamber door where most of Armory were still trying to break down the door.
Marek smoothed her hair from her face. Her lip was busted and there was bruising on her jaw. “Try not to move.”
Klaas wiped his face with his arm, sniffing loudly and reminding Marek of his presence. Marek stood looking at him trapped in the cage.
“It wasn’t me,” Klaas said tears running down his face. “She’s alive.”
Marek drew closer to the cage his blue eyes going to the knife and then back to meet the watery eyes of Klaas. “You’re going to need that knife.”
Bending down he pressed the button lowering the shield. Klaas tried to leap away, but Marek caught hold of his shirt and ran his fist into Klaas’ face.
He was pounding him into the ground blow after blow. Klaas waved the knife blindly at Marek, who took it easily from Klaas.
“Don’t kill me. It wasn’t me,” he screamed blood pouring from his forehead and mouth. Ezra was saying something, but Marek was too much into a blind rage to hear what he or Klaas was saying. 
Klaas had almost murdered Savannah. He had hurt her and he was going to pay. Ezra tried to take the knife. Marek pushed him away. Ezra came right back shoving Marek away from Klaas. “Get out of my way, Ezra.” 
“Savannah said it wasn’t him!” 
The words sank in at last. Marek could only stop himself knowing he had to get his hands on the one who was responsible for trying to murder Savannah. “Grab him.” Marek pointed at Klaas. 
Dr. Reginald arrived then and went to Savannah. He began to check her vitals. Marek knelt down next to the bed. “Who was it, Savannah?” 
Chapter Thirty-Three
Marek stepped out of the carriage before it stopped inside the Humanity gates. Avidan was responding to something the Ambassador had said with all of Humanity gathered and watching. “Klaas consummated the marriage. Whatever rumor you heard was false.”
Marek started for the stage. Avidan nodded toward the Ambassador. Two of the Paladin guards flanked the Ambassador in a silent warning that he was treading in dangerous water.
“It isn’t a false accusation,” Marek said climbing the last stair onto the stage.  “You have all evidence,” Marek said to the Ambassador. 
The Ambassador looked at the two guards still just behind him and shook his head. “The disc was blank,” he said not meeting Marek’s gaze. 
“Good thing I brought an extra one.” Marek walked to the edge of the stage. “I need the doctors of your community.” They moved forward out of the crowd. Marek handed them the disc. “Sir.” Marek pointed to Savannah’s father.  “You have the right to see your daughter’s health record.”
Avidan approached Marek but stopped short when he saw the look in Marek’s eyes. “What good will this do? Your life will be over the moment we return to Paladin Keep.”
“Paladins this concerns you as well. Avidan has been covering up the horrific acts of injustice done by Klaas and himself.”
“How dare you accuse me? Lies to poison our peace will earn you a noose.”
“I need that record, Asia,” Marek said pointing Asia out of the gathering.  “She’ll come back with a record showing Klaas was the one who hurt the girl at the brothel. It won’t show that Avidan is the one who killed her.” Marek circled Avidan.
Avidan laughed loudly. “Enough of this. You have no proof.”
“Klaas, come out here,” Marek ordered from the stage his gaze on the carriage. 
Avidan watched as Klaas climbed out of the carriage with his black and blue face. “He’s obviously been beaten into speaking against me.”
“No one has a weapon to his throat. Klaas is free to say whatever he wants to say.” The doctors were returning with the disc and Savannah’s father was leading the way.
“I’m guilty. I’m sick.” Klaas cried shaking under his fathers accusing glare. He shrank to his knees. Avidan drew a gun and shot Klaas before Marek or anyone else could stop him. 
The Paladin soldiers who had been standing over the Ambassador took the gun from Avidan stripping him of his weapons. “I was serving Paladin justice. He admitted he was guilty and he’s wronged the people of Humanity by killing four of their daughters. He earned his execution.”
“You killed him before he could tell everyone that you are the one who killed four daughters of Humanity.”
“Prove it,” Avidan spat. “I just gave my only son for the sake of justice and peace in Humanity. There is no greater sacrifice.” 
Marek rotated his shoulders keeping himself from doing what he wanted to do. It was almost time to release the pent up fury. Blade and the men from the Armory came onto the stage and lined the front of the audience blocking any exit Avidan might take.
“You’re wrong about one thing, Avidan. One very important thing. You said four daughters of Humanity when there have only been three reported. Why would you assume it was four instead of three?” Marek paused to allow Avidan to answer. Avidan just stared back at him. 
“You wouldn’t, unless you were the one who took the life of the fourth daughter of Humanity.”
“Klaas has already pled guilty.” Avidan folded his arms. 
Marek leaned in closer to Avidan in a clear challenge. “You killed him thinking he was the only one who could stand as a witness against you. You were wrong.” Marek signaled Ezra to open the carriage doors. 
Everyone turned with him in anticipation as the last person inside the carriage emerged. Marek asked, “Who tried to kill you, Savannah?”
Dr. Reginald stood to the left of the stairs his dedication to keeping Savannah safe clear. Everyone grew silent as the evidence of Savannah’s ordeals were evident to see by her bruising and swelling.
She stood tall and her eyes were like a green eyed tiger as she met Avidan’s warning gaze across the crowd. “It was Avidan.” Marek went to the edge of the stage and presented his sword to Savannah’s father.
“May I have the honor of gaining justice for your daughter, sir?”
Blade caught Avidan as he tried to escape, throwing him like a sack of flour onto his back in the center of the stage. Three more men came forward. “You have my daughter, Monalisa, to gain justice for.”
“And Gabrielle’s.”
“And my daughter, Ireland”
Marek waited for Savannah’s father’s permission. “I want to kill him myself,” he said through clenched teeth. The other fathers put their hands on his back in understanding. They reminded him that Avidan was undefeated in battle. “Make him pay,” he said his face red, his nose flaring. 
“Yes, sir.”
“It’s her word against mine. You can’t call that justice.”
A soldier stepped forward. “You ordered me to dispose of Monalisa’s body. You said an animal did that to her but Klaas told me that night that you killed her.”
Avidan didn’t flinch. “Stand down, Ocean. That is not proof that I killed her.”
“It’s proof you helped cover up her murder.”
“He ordered the Medical unit to be blown up with Dr. Reginald inside,” another Paladin testified.
Blade puffed out his chest. “That’s three witnesses not counting me,” Blade said. “You assassinated Condor, our last leader a few days after he named you his heir. I saw the footage before you had it destroyed.”
Avidan walked out to center stage. “I did what I had to do to keep you safe,” he said to the people of Humanity. “Do you think these walls keep you safe? You would have had your faces eaten off yesterday if it wasn’t for me.”
“No, if it wasn’t for the Paladins. You weren’t there fighting off the enemy. You weren’t there rebuilding the breach in the wall,” Marek countered. “We, Paladins, were there,” Marek said seeking out the Paladins with his eyes. “We’ll still be here protecting Humanity long after you’re dead.” 
The Paladins were nodding their agreement. “Is there anyone here who will speak on Avidan’s behalf?” Blade called out in his booming voice. 
Marek looked over at Savannah with her bruised neck and swollen jaw. He couldn’t pretend to feel bad that Klaas was gone. He had hurt Savannah too. Marek remembered when Savannah uttered Avidan’s name past her injured throat and swollen lips with eyes that had seen the precipice between life and death. The immeasurable rage and surge of superhuman strength jolted through him anew. 
Silence fell again over Humanity as Blade held up his hands before he began to speak. “Let the women and children of delicate constitution take their leave.” Blade nodded to Marek. 
“I have the right to a Paladin warrior’s death,” Avidan said to Blade. “I get a weapon. I want the double sword staff.” 
Blade withdrew a simple short sword from his weapon belt. “A coward who murders unarmed women deserves less than this. I won’t make Marek kill an unarmed man, however.” He dropped the sword a foot away from Avidan’s feet. 
Marek drew his own sword as Blade handed him a cauterizing stick. “Set aside your anger. Your emotions will cloud your mind and effect you’re fighting strategy.”
“I’m ready.” Avidan tossed the sword up in the air and caught it behind his back, laughing as Marek started toward him. “I’m going to cut down every last one of you. I’m glad you’re first, Marek.” 
With a lifetime of training to set aside his emotions, Marek still struggled to do so in those first few moments. He had never loved anyone like he loved Savannah. Without her in his life he had just existed, with her he’d been living for the first time. 
The threat and pain for Savannah that Avidan represented, demanded Marek kill him. Avidan laughed loudly holding up his arms. “Come and get me!”
Marek recognized the bloodthirsty look in Avidan’s eyes. This fight was no different than any on the battlefield. It was to the death and Avidan was sure to fight dirty. 
Moving in, Marek caught Avidan in the side with his sword. Avidan hit Marek broadside with the sword across Marek’s back. He had expected Marek to still be suffering with the stripes he had been given which would have crippled Marek if Avidan was right. 
Avidan touched his side raising his bloody hand to his view as Marek laughed this time. “A slap on the back? What are you going to do next give me a high-five?” 
“First blood,” Avidan said licking blood from his hand.”Very good, Marek.” Avidan attacked viciously chopping with his sword. Marek blocked with his sword, deflecting the great strength behind Avidan’s strike. 
Avidan caught the top of Marek’s hand as the sword was deflected, slicing deep between his thumb and pointer finger. Marek didn't stop to check the wound. He blocked the next attack, their swords locked over their heads. 
Avidan bit into Marek’s arm with his sharpened teeth. 
Marek stepped back cracking the handle of his sword into the cheekbone of Avidan. His face and mouth were dripping blood. He roared as Marek pressed the cauterizing stick against Avidan’s face sealing closed one of his nostrils and the left corner of his mouth. 
Marek chopped into Avidan’s left shoulder taking away the use of that arm. Avidan backed away and pulled his hanging arm up through the chest weapon strap across his chest. His hand dipped beneath the strap and came up with something he held in his palm. 
Marek closed in but was too late to stop Avidan from throwing the object at Marek’s feet. It was a blazer bomb, which burst into a puff of powder. Any skin the powder touched, felt as if it had just been set on fire. 
The weapon was so effective on enemies it often caused them to kill themselves to stop the pain. Marek turned his face away and the powder from the bomb dusted the back of his neck and the places on his back to where his shirt was ripped open. 
He heard Savannah screaming his name and knew Avidan was coming for him. Marek whirled back in time to deflect Avidan’s sword with his own. 
Avidan impaled himself on the cauterizing stick. Marek shoved him back, the pain from the powder agonizing. Marek was nearly blinded with pain as he pulled the weapon from Avidan’s stomach. Avidan fell back yelling in pain, his face burned from the powder he had rushed into. His teeth were clenched. 
His bulging eyes on Marek. Avidan’s hand was fisted over the stomach wound. Marek had not pressed the button to cauterize when the stick was in Avidan’s stomach. Avidan’s life’s blood was pouring out. 
“These are your last breaths of air. You’ll never hurt anyone again.” Avidan tried for his sword. Marek kicked it from his reach. His last breath was groaned out, his body still as his bulging eyes full of disbelief froze in death.
Chapter Thirty-Four
Savannah’s family gathered around her at the carriage. “There is so much I want to tell you,” her mother said. “You’re beautiful and perfect, I’m so sorry I said anything negative about you. It wasn’t true. I knew you’d be picked if you went to the Pickings. I didn’t want to lose you.” Tears ran down her face as she gently kissed Savannah’s cheeks. 
“It’s okay, Mom.”
“We’ll take you home,” her father said giving Ezra a stern look as if daring him to challenge his intentions.
Nevada elbowed his way up to the carriage. He looked so much stronger his breathing normal and his strides powerful and purposeful. His face was in a deep frown, his eyes shining with moisture.
Savannah grabbed him hugging him as they both cried. “I missed you,” Savannah said kissing his temple.
“I’m sorry you had to go through hell for my cure,” Nevada sobbed.
“Hey,” Savannah said, pulling back so she could see his face. “I’m fine. Just a few bruises. Meredith has beaten me up worse than this.”
Nevada shook his head. 
“Nevada, I wouldn’t do any differently. You’d have done the same for me, and you know what?”
“What?” He asked his voice a little stronger as he wiped at his eyes.
“You sent me with some of your luck. I got to meet him.” Savannah beamed as she gestured to Marek, who was getting sprayed off to remove the powder by the main gate.
Her family followed her gaze. “He’s the strongest warrior I’ve ever seen,” Nevada said his voice filled with awe.
“Do you love him?” Her father asked still looking at Ezra, who had not budged from his position at Savannah’s side. “Can you give us a moment?” He added.
Ezra smiled shaking his head. “I can’t let Marek down again. I’m keeping her safe until he relieves me. Savannah may still be in danger if there are soldiers loyal to Avidan.”
“Savannah?” Ryan said coming to stand next to her. “How are you, sweetheart?” He took her hand and kissed the top several times.
“Who is this idiot?” Ezra asked knocking Ryan’s hands away from Savannah.
Nevada nodded in agreement. “He’s in love with my sister, but he’s a total ass.”
“Nevada,” his mother said in a scolding tone.
“I’ve divorced Meredith-”
“She dumped him,” Nevada corrected. “Right after the Picking.”
Ryan refused to acknowledge Nevada. “I love you. Marry me and be here with your family. You know me, baby. I’ll take care of you.”
“Did you just get here?” Ezra’s voice was incredulous. “Did you miss Avidan getting his face sealed shut with a cauterizing stick?” 
“That has nothing to do with this,” Ryan said. “We’re in love.”
“Is this Ryan?” Marek’s voice cut through all of the surrounding noise and stilled Ryan’s movement toward Savannah.
“You better run, stupid,” Ezra said to Ryan.
Ryan shrank back a step as he met Marek’s gaze. Savannah bit her lower lip fighting off the smile that was curving her lips. Marek looked so sexy with his wet hair and tan torso. He was scowling at Ryan and she knew he wasn’t in the mood to take it easy on him.
“I’m sorry your marriage broke up, Ryan. You’re wrong about us though.”
Ryan grabbed her forearm. “Is this because I said your family was too diseased to be around our future children?”
“What?” Both her parents asked at the same time, their backs rose.
“He’s an ass,” Nevada said.
Ryan held on as Savannah tried to retract her arm. “I said I was sorry. You led me on. You said you loved me.”
Marek grabbed Ryan’s much smaller wrist. “Let go,” he said. Ryan released Savannah his eyes widening at Marek.
“I’m a citizen of Humanity. You can’t touch me. I haven’t done anything wrong.”
Marek tilted his head his blue eyes narrowing on Ryan’s face. “Normally I might feel bad for you but I’ve had a quite a week.” He paused as his eyes bore into Ryan further.
 “Savannah doesn’t want you and that makes you lucky because I’d have to kill you if she did. She belongs to me. I will crush your skull with my bare hands if you ever touch her again not as a Paladin but as her future husband. Now get the hell out of here before I change my mind and do it anyway.”
Ryan tried to look brave as he left turning to glare at Savannah as he went. She thanked God again that she’d not been foolish enough to marry him.
Marek was looking at her when she turned back. His strength still present in his stance but his eyes were full of vulnerability, something she’d rarely seen in him.
“There is no fight I would back down from if it meant protecting you. You bring me to life, you are my life, Savannah.” He stepped forward taking both her hands in his as he went to one knee.
“Will you save me from kidnapping you and becoming a hunted man by accepting my proposal? Be my wife, Savannah.”
Her family and everyone else watched as she swallowed back her emotions so she could manage to speak. “I will,” she smiled through her happy tears.
Standing Marek lifted her in his arms kissing her as the crowd roared their approval. His arms were securely around her, his strong lips taking hers without holding back. She was completely enveloped in his love and protection and there was no where else she ever wanted to be.
Chapter Thirty-Five
Marek promised Savannah’s family he would bring Savannah to visit weekly if not daily as they left Humanity to return to Paladin Keep.
The wave of change was upon all of them. Paladin Keep and Humanity were coming together. Things were going to be better but how could they not? Now that Savannah was his.
“Listen,” Dr. Reginald said to Marek. “You’ve had a lot of medicine and trauma done to your body today. Your stitches in your side need time to heal. You need rest.”
Marek laughed. “Savannah is my wife tonight. I’m not planning on resting.” 
Dr. Reginald sighed with a head shake in Marek’s direction. He turned his attention to Savannah. “Try to get him to rest. Please make him see a medic if he tears his stitches.”
“Thank you, Dr. Reginald.”
“It would do you a world of good to rest too, Savannah.”
Marek watched his bride smile and agree as she assured the doctor she would get Marek to rest.
It’s so adorable she thinks I would rest when for the first time ever I have someone to love, I finally have a family.
Marek lifted Savannah onto his lap and kissed her.
“This can’t be good for your stitches, Marek.” Savannah tried to slide off his lap but Marek held her in place.
“You would rob me of holding my wife? After such a dangerous and amazing battle in which I was victorious?”
Savannah nodded. “I think you’ve been through enough for me in one day.”
“This is for me, I want to hold you.”
Dr. Reginald got onto his feet, ducking his head to avoid hitting the roof. “I’m going to go help the driver. Mind those stitches,” he said opening the door and climbing out and up onto the driver’s bench with the Paladin driver.
“Marek, he’s right. I don’t want to hurt you.” Savannah tried to get up again but Marek held her fast in his lap.
He grinned as she raised her eyebrows at him. “You feel good right where you’re at. If you get up again I’m gonna spank your sweet ass.”
Her cheeks flushed a warm pink hue. “Oh really?”
“You’d better believe it.”
“I see where you’re going with this but there isn’t enough time. We’ll be at Paladin Keep in only a few minutes.”
Marek nodded rocking her soft bottom over his hard erection. “You’re right. So, I probably shouldn’t tell you how much I love how soft you are in all the right places.” He kissed her neck gently as his right hand explored the round curve of her breast over her uniform top.
The sound of her excited gasp at his ear and the increasing pulse beneath his lips heightened his arousal.
“Marek, we’ll be there any moment.” Her voice sounded breathless to his ears. Her eyes were closed with her weak protest and Marek smiled with his lips against her skin.
“We’d better. I don’t think I can wait much longer.” Marek tugged her shirt just right to undo the top three buttons. Savannah’s eyes opened with her mouth in surprise. Marek turned her in his lap so she was straddling him. Her full breasts peaked at calling to him within his reach.
Savannah started to close her shirt but Marek caught her hands. “You’re so beautiful, Savannah.” He released her wrists to press her hips downward on his throbbing member. “Can’t you feel what you do to me?”
Savannah squeezed his shoulders holding on as he moved his shaft against her. “You are making me ache for you,” she confessed. “I need you.”
Marek opened the front of her pants and slipped two fingers into her wet heat. He watched her face as her eyelids fluttered and her grip on his shoulders tightened.
She arched her back as she moaned with a mixture of pleasure and desire. “Marek.” She moved against his hand.
“Aw, baby, you’re so wet, you’re making me so hard,” he said delving deeper into her heat.
She cried out, her nails biting deeper into his shoulders as his fingers sank to his knuckles within her. Holding still he waited for her to adjust to the width. 
Savannah’s hand fisted in his hair. “Don’t stop,” she pleaded, her eyes closed.
“Are you gonna cum for me, baby?”
She gasped, her muscles squeezing his fingers. She was going to make him explode if he didn’t keep himself in check.
Her breasts were swollen and aching for his mouth. His clever fingers and sexy voice were working her into a frenzy. She was trying so hard to be quiet so the drivers wouldn’t hear them.
It wasn’t working.
“Aw yea, squeeze me, baby.” He began to pump his fingers inside her, taking a nipple deep into his mouth.
“Marek.” His name was a desperate whispered plea in his ear. “You’re going to make me scream.”
Marek kissed his way up her neck, pumping his fingers unceasingly. “Scream for me, Savannah.” He felt her muscles beginning to spasm around his fingers and he took her mouth with his, devouring her cries of pleasure.
Breathing hard she pressed her head into his shoulder as the waves of her climax kept coming. “It’s so good,” she moaned into his neck.
When she relaxed against him, he kissed her again as he withdrew his hand and buttoned her pants and shirt. She smiled at him her face flushed a sexy pink hue.
He set her at his side kissing her again. “We’re not done yet, baby. That was the warm up.”
“Good,” Savannah said pressing her hand against the straining bulge in his pants. “Because I haven’t gotten enough of you yet.”
Marek’s hard dick tightened further under her hand as she ran it up and down his shaft.
The carriage stopped and Marek gritted his teeth as Savannah removed her touch. Leaning forward she kissed him sucking his lower lip into her sexy sweet mouth. “I can’t wait until you’re inside me again,” she whispered.
“Damn it, woman, I have to be able to walk to our room,” he groaned holding her close.
Her grin told him she wasn’t sorry for torturing him. One more confession like that and he’d rip her pants off and slam so deep into her she’d be crying out loud enough for all of Paladin Keep to know the insatiable lust she inspired in him.
That thought only served to put him in deeper need. “You better have those pants off by the time our bedroom door closes,” he whispered as he helped her from the carriage.
Her swollen breasts pressing against the fabric of the uniform nearly sent him over the edge. Later he would have to enforce a new dress code for her. Skirts and button up tops only.
People were congratulating them and patting them on the back. All Marek could register past his need for her was her beautiful smile and how happy she looked. Almost as happy as he felt.
Chapter Thirty-Six
Savannah marveled at how full her breasts were. Her nipples were still moist from Marek’s mouth on them. How could she still want him so much when she’d just experienced a mind blowing orgasm?
Her nipples peaked under his gaze, warm liquid need pooled between her legs as she remembered the sound he’d made when she had stroked him through his pants in the carriage.
Marek stood close as they thanked the huge gathering of well wishers. His warm, strong hand rested at the small of her back.
She smiled as people told her they just knew she and Marek would end up together, while she willed Marek’s hand to drift lower and touch her with those magic hands of his.
“Thank you,” Marek was saying to Texas, his breath running over her neck. She was too aware of him. 
Taking a step backward she drew closer to him. Her bottom met the front of his pants. She felt him still hard and closed her eyes as another strong wave of desire crashed through her. She was dripping with lust for him.
When she opened her eyes. She looked at him and saw the same passion in his blue eyes she was feeling.
“Which room has been prepared?” Marek asked the welcoming party.
“Well, we didn’t have a lot of notice so we only moved her room to the other side of your room,” Texas told him looking from Marek to Savannah with a suppressed grin.
Savannah was blushing as she thanked Texas for helping to move her things. Her mind was still on the hard rod pressing against her behind.
Marek swept her up in his arms and made for the stairs. “Thanks, everybody,” he called and everyone cheered sending her into an even deeper blush.
“Marek! They know what we’re about to do.”
“They’d know no matter how or when we go to our room.”
“Still,” she said making him laugh.
“They are happy for us.” He climbed up the stairs showing no sign of strain and crossed the hall.
He opened the door and stepped across the threshold. His eyes were intense as he set her on her feet. “I feel like I’m going to wake up and find you’re still with Klaas.”
“I’m yours, Marek.” Savannah unbuttoned his shirt. “Completely, yours.” She ran her hands up his tight stomach up over his shoulders sliding the shirt from his body. Marek started unbuttoning her shirt but she stopped him. “It’s my turn to touch you.”
“I need you, Savannah.”
“You do?” She unbuttoned his pants releasing his long, thick shaft from its confines. Marek kicked of his shoes as she took in the size of him. This being the first time she had time to look.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be gentle,” he said stepping out of his pants, standing completely naked before her.
Savannah stepped in close taking him in her hand she swept her tongue over his ear. “Don’t you dare. I need you too badly.”
Marek’s rod jumped in her hand as he groaned. The buttons to her shirt made a tapping noise as they hit the floor. Her breasts bounced free and she quickly went to her knees before Marek took over and made her forget what she wanted to do to him.
“No, Savannah, I want you too much.”
She smiled as she remembered the words he’d used in the carriage. “So I probably shouldn’t do this.” She pumped her hand along his velvet soft skin feeling the steel like hardness beneath.
Marek groaned through clenched teeth. His eyes were hot and focused on her. 
“Or this.” She ran her tongue from the base all the way up and over the head of his shaft. She watched his reaction, still unskilled in what Asia had described.
His mouth was tight as he watched her making a groaning strangled noise as he pulled her back up to her feet. “You’re going to make me explode and I’m not doing that until I’m buried deep in here,” he said cupping her heated center. “Damn these pants, I can’t get to you.”
He yanked them to the floor and stayed low crouched in front of her. “There you are, baby.”
His fingers dipped between her lips. “Ah yea, you’re so wet, baby.” Savannah’s knees felt weak as his fingers began to work their magic again.
“Marek,” Savannah gasped out his name.
He stood picking her up as he did and sucked her swollen peak into his mouth.
He set her on the bed and rolled her onto her stomach. “I need you so bad, Savannah. Are you sure you don’t need me to be gentle?” Holding her by her hips he raised her up onto her hands and knees. His shaft pressed against the entrance of her dripping hot center.
Savannah thought she might cry with need if he didn’t fill her like she needed. Pressing against him was all the encouragement he needed.
The thick head of his shaft pushed inside of her. The slight discomfort at his entrance quickly changed into the answer to the emptiness that only Marek could fill completely.
He pumped deeper inside of her, his thighs and pelvis clapping against her. Savannah pressed against him pulling him deeper needing more of him.
Marek squeezed her hips trying not still her movements. “I don’t want to hurt you, baby. You’re going to make me lose control.”
Savannah pushed back taking him in all the way. Marek made a growling, groaning sound as he let go and pounded his hard dick even deeper.
She couldn’t keep her knees beneath her as she cried out in ecstasy, her world exploding as wave after wave of pleasure consumed her. Marek supported her weight with his arm around her waist as he continued to slam into her.
“Marek, oh Marek,” she gasped as his hot seed spilled inside her sending her into another intense wave of pleasure, his gasping, groaning cries joining hers as he rocked against her.
They both collapsed onto the bed breathing hard and glistening with the exertion of their lovemaking.
“You ripped your stitches on that one for sure,” Savannah said still trying to catch her breath.
“I don’t care if I did.” He grinned gathering her back into his arms. “You’re amazing, Savannah. I just can’t get enough of you.”
Savannah kissed him draping her leg over his hip. “You feel so good, Marek. I think you’ve ruined me for any other man.” She smiled teasing him with his own words.
“I tried to warn you.” He laughed tucking the blanket over and around them.
Savannah checked his side thinking that even though she had been teasing him, she had been telling the truth. His touch was the only one she wanted and needed.
“The stitches held.” She smiled.
“What?” Marek looked at them like he was disappointed. “Well, we’ll see if they hold after round three.”
His eyes got droopy when he laid his head on the pillow, a goofy happy smile on his handsome face. “I love you, Savannah.”
She snuggled in next to him. “I love you too, my very own Paladin warrior.”
“I am your very own.” He kissed her temple. They drifted to sleep safe from bad dreams in each other’s arms
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Two weeks had passed since Marek had defeated Avidan and change was abounding.
Savannah was volunteering with the babies from the brothel that had been sent to Paladin Keep. She was in charge of finding homes for them, including homes with their mothers where it was possible.
Blade had been elected the new head of Paladins and Savannah’s father the Ambassador of Humanity. They were making big changes. For one thing they closed the brothel and opened up Humanity to the Paladins.
The Paladins living in Humanity were eating a cross between the Paladin Serum and actual food. With the Paladins having the option to live in Humanity and work at Paladin Keep, the Paladins were taking wives and extinguishing the original reason for the brothels in the first place.
People were happy.
Savannah couldn’t believe life had changed so much in under a month. Ezra married his love, Maryland and moved to Humanity to be the kind of Dad he’d had. Their baby was due any minute with how pregnant Maryland was.
Apparently the two of them had planned on running away together before the laws had been changed.
Marek gave Ezra an ear full when he’d learned of that scheme. It was Ezra who pitched the mixed diet since it was what he’d been doing for months. The women of Paladin Keep, especially the brides cried when they were allowed to visit and even move back to Humanity.
Virginia was the only one who was openly unhappy with the changes. She was imprisoned for her failure to report her husband and son for their criminal and murderous behavior. The last time Savannah had gone to visit her out of pity, Virginia had told her that she planned on poisoning her husband and son once Savannah was with child.
Savannah didn’t think she would be going back to visit Virginia anymore after that. The sickness of their family was too gruesome.
There were four little boys Savannah was watching over in the nursery who she hadn’t placed yet. She didn’t know how she ever would they were so dear to her. Abingdon and Glasgow were a playful pair of two year olds. Decatur was barely one and Enoch was only four months old.
Savannah rocked the two youngest. The other two slept at her feet with cake frosting mustaches topping their lips from the early surprise birthday party Marek had thrown for her.
She smiled remembering Marek leaving with a matching frosting mustache and stifled her laugh so she wouldn’t wake the precious babes.
“What’s funny?” Marek whispered from the doorway.
“You’re supposed to be working, newly promoted Captain of Combat and Strategy.”
He shined his nails on his uniform with a grin at his new title. “I missed you,” he said giving her a smile warming the melancholy mood Savannah had just started into. His blue eyes looked suspiciously shiny as he drank in the scene the five of them made.
Marek crept in quietly so not to wake the small army of boys and kissed Savannah on the back of the neck. His touch still held a zing that ignited her passion for him and it only seemed to grow more powerful each day.
“I love seeing you with babes in your arms. I never thought I’d have a family.” He kissed her neck again. “You know, the way you jump my bones every night you’re going to be the mother of dozens of children right?”
Savannah turned her head so he would see her raised brow and mock anger. “I jump your bones? You come salivating to my bedside before I have the chance to change for bed.”
He nodded. “In fact I’m salivating for you right now.”
Savannah closed her eyes as a thrill of desire jolted through her as he nibbled at her ear.
“Marek, behave yourself. Not in front of the children.”
“They’re asleep. Anyway, they should get used to seeing their Dad spoil their Mom with loving attention.”
Savannah smiled. “IS that what you call it?” Then the other part of what he said made it through the haze of desire he’d stirred up and she straightened in the rocking chair. “Their Mom and Dad?”
She watched as she saw something unfamiliar creep into his eyes.
Is that fear?
“At first I thought you volunteered to work with the orphans because of the story I told you about my growing up here.” He got down his knees next to the rocking chair so they were face level with each other.
“I’ve come down here every day and seen you giving these boys the kind of love they desperately need.” He touched her face caressingly. “Six different suitable families have offered to take in these boys,” Marek said.
“They want to separate the brothers. I know they have offered to do the right thing but it wasn’t with their heart. These boys are not going to be someone’s obligation.”
Marek caressed her face again smiling gently at her with the moisture more prevalent in his eyes. “You’re right. So let’s take them home where they can be the beginning of our enormous family to come. I know there are a lot of them already but I gave you my word I will be a great father. I will always love you and all of our children, and I’ll protect you.”
The tears fell and his lips pressed together in a silent plea as he waited for her to answer what was to decide if he would have what she knew he had always wanted. 
How could she have missed that he wanted these precious boys as much if not more than she did?
Her own tears spilled down her cheeks as she fought past the overpowering feeling of love and devotion pouring out of them both to speak.
She knew he would love every blessed baby they would ever take into their care. She also knew he would love and protect them even without his word because he was such an amazing man.
“Of course you will.” She smiled through her tears. “But that’s not all they need.”
Marek’s body tensed at her side. “Tell me what they need and I’ll get it. I love these boys as my own.”
Savannah nodded trying to ease his worry. “They need the word of a Paladin, woman, me.” She looked down at her four sons. “I will love you as my own. I will protect you and raise you to know that your daddy and I will always be there for you. We’re a family.” She smiled at Marek through her tears as he kissed her hand and the babes she held.
Taking them gently from her arms he set them in their beds. Turning back he hugged Savannah twirling her in a big circle before setting her to straddle his hips as he cradled her round bottom.
“I think they need a sister, who looks a lot like their mother,” he said nuzzling her neck. 
“Well then.” She wrapped her arms around his neck and moved her hips just right. “Let’s see if we can give them one.”
“Or two.” He smiled. “Dozens if they look like you. I’ll never get enough of you, Savannah.”
The End
Look for the next book in the stand alone Guardian Collection by Olivia B. Dannon entitled, Someone Like You.
Also look for her book, Heatwave, releasing in May of 2015.

About the Author
Olivia B. Dannon was raised in a big, happy, rowdy family where imagination and love were nourished. She is happily married with two lovely children and rambunctious dog. Romance and Happily Ever Afters filled with adventure and sometimes suspense is what she loves to write most. She loves to hear from her readers so drop her a line on Facebook.
Follow Olivia B. Dannon
https://www.facebook.com/olivia.dannon.1
