 
  
      PALM BEACH
      BILLIONAIRES

          LOVE AND EVIL

                           ASHLEY WOODS












 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
 
 
The characters and events in this book are fictitious.  
Any similarity to real persons, living or dead, or any super-natural entities, is coincidental and not intended by the author. All rights reserved, no part of this 
publication may be reproduced, distributed, or 
transmitted in any form, or by any means, or stored in a 
database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher. The publisher is not 
responsible for websites or their contents that are not owned by the publisher.  
  
  
PALM BEACH BILLIONAIRES 
LOVE AND EVIL 
 
© Copyright 2022
Ashley Woods

Smashwords Version

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

DEDICATION 
For All My Angels and 
All Those Naughty and Extra “Nutty” 
Palm Beach Billionaires… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 
1SEASON OF THE DEVILS 
2ENCHANTED EVENING 
3DARK GAMES  
4SHARK BEACH 
5SLOW DANCE 
6BOTTOM FEEDERS 
7ART OF DECEPTION 
8FOR A NIGHT LIKE THIS   
9THE AMBASSADOR 
10WHITESTONE 
11ANTHONY FIORE  
12TESTING THE WATERS 
13PRELUDE 
14TURN TO RED 
15A.K.A.  “TONY” 
16TURNED TO SALT 
17BLACK SUN 
18BÊTE NOIRE  (BLACK BEAST)
19OUT FROM THE SHADOWS 
20THE DARKEST HOUR 
21DEPARTURE 
22DREAM'S END 
23UNDER WATER 
24THE  INTENDED 
 
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 SEASON OF THE DEVILS
 And on the eighth day God created Palm Beach, and it was fabulous… 
 
     Palm Beach was bustling with activity as the global elite toasted another new year and migrated back to its gilded shores via yacht and private jet. The shop windows reflected their polymer and spray-tanned faces as they strolled down Worth Avenue on their way to Bice, Ta-boo, and the other exclusive restaurants. Their flawless diamonds sparkled under the quaint streetlights. 
     The town was open to all, but only the hand-picked few were truly allowed to enter and embrace the dream. They were deeded access to the private collections, reserved tables, and the invitation-only galas that were held inside the magnificent turreted estates.  
     Their net worth, secrets, and lies, remained securely locked behind those grand doors. It was surprising that the tiny island didn’t sink into the ocean with the sudden shift of weight from the sizable egos that returned each winter to walk its pristine paths. 
 
The "Season" had begun! 
 
     Kristen Stratford was the quintessential Palm Beach girl. Her mother was blue-blood WASP all the way and never failed to let everyone know it. Arthur Stratford was the CEO of a major aerospace company, belonged to all the right groups, and was very active in politics.  
     Of course, according to Mrs. Stratford, since Kristen had won the baby lotto, it meant that she would be living the American dream with the perfect husband, Mercedes, and the majestic house in Chicago’s affluent suburbs on the north shore of Lake Michigan. It was also socially mandated that she wintered in Palm Beach in an equally luxurious oceanfront mansion. 
     Kristen had always been quite the romantic. She didn’t need a rich man or money to keep her happy and was only out to find true love.  
     Instead of trying to impress people, she cared more about helping them. It was obvious to her from an early age that High Society was an evil entity and it was difficult not to be sucked into its game.        
      But, as she grew older and began her ascent to the next tier, she became less sure of her footing. The men that she now encountered had more acquired tastes and a higher threshold for excitement. She either needed to conform to meet their demands or present a challenge in order to hold their interest. She hoped she would never become jaded.      Like Kristen, everyone knew about the philanthropic side to Palm Beach and the generous charities, but very few were aware of its nefarious underworld and the island’s covert societies. 
     Many of their affairs took place at the far north end of the island inside the Whitestone Country Club. Even in the offseason, the members faithfully convened to attend these darker soirées.  
     Though no one was privy to the club’s register, it boasted the names of prominent men throughout the world. They were the leaders, the scholars, and the kings of business.       Only the island insiders were aware of what really went on at the Whitestone. And deep within the club’s ranks, only a few of the regular members had ever heard about their founder’s top echelon known as the Black Veil Society. It was a rare treat to be invited to a Whitestone party and the decadent frivolity could go on for days. An invitation to a Black Veil 33 ceremony was quite the opposite and it was never a privilege to be the Guest of Honor.  
     One could only speculate what type of “sacrifices” these Illuminati made to attain their special powers. It seemed that nothing could hold them back in their quests.  
     It was a tight group, self-serving in nature, and Palm Beach was the perfect place to fine-tune their hidden agenda.      They dined only with the finest of company while discreetly sharing their own slant on the current events. And with every move they made to influence the world’s decisionmakers, it was all according to their founder and his master plan. They always knew when to pay their dues.  
 
 
And along the way, it was inevitable that  
Miss Kristen Stratford would eventually meet up with the Whitestone clan. 
 
They already 
had her 
in their sights… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 ENCHANTED EVENING 
Sugar Daddy: 101 
 
      Cabaret was dimly lit with red lights that reflected off the crushed velvet on its walls. It gave off the essence of a bordello, with a hint of sophistication, and surprisingly enough, it was one of the classiest restaurants in Chicago. It was well known for the executives and tourists that trickled in and congregated around its piano bar.      
     Kristen was looking forward to attending a formal gala tonight. Andrew, her boyfriend for the last three months, had not revealed where it was and he was very late meeting her.       He was “The” Andrew Bensinger who played golf with U.S. Presidents, was the benefactor of many, and was always in the newspapers. Kristen learned right away that she was last on his list of priorities and lately she was starting to just feel like arm candy. She now wondered if he would even show up. 
     In addition to being a Fortune 100 executive, Andrew kept Cabaret going for a hobby and as a place for his married friends to hide out in the secluded backrooms. 
    Kristen was sitting at a table and was being extra careful not to crease her sequined evening gown. Her long hair was styled in a low chignon and tonight she looked quite dignified and much older than her 21 years. She knew that Andrew would like this new look.  
     She straightened up as she saw Andrew walk in the front door. After stopping to kiss the door hostess and a few of his waitresses, he finally came up to her.  
   “You look marvelous! Are you ready to go?”        Kristen looked disappointed at him, “Of course, I am ready. I’ve been waiting for a while.”  
     He replied coldly, “Sorry. I am having business problems. 
Let’s vamoose!”  
      Kristen perked up, “Well, don’t you look handsome in your tuxedo. This must be some special place we are going to.” 
     She took Andrew’s arm and they went outside to his waiting limousine. “So, come on! Where are we going? 
What’s the big mystery?” 
     Andrew chuckled at her, “My princess, you are going to meet royalty tonight!”  
     Kristen’s eyes grew wide, “Are you kidding? We’re going to that ball at the Field Museum?”  
     “That’s right. Are you excited?”  
     Kristen poked his shoulder, “Of course I am. That gala is one of the most happening events this year. Almost, better than the ones in Palm Beach. You are such a Schnook not to tell me.” She laughed “I would have worn a tiara.”      “I’m hoping to get a private dance with one of the royals that should be there. I am one of the biggest contributors to the charity and our table is right by the main one.”  
     Kristen squeezed his hand, "This is going to be fantastic 
Andrew! Thank you.” 
     When Andrew and Kristen arrived at the party, there was a long line of limos dropping off their expensive cargo. Without hesitation, Andrew’s driver drove past the others and pulled right up to a roped-off area to let them out.       The museum was all decked out for the occasion and there were some very impressive evening gowns in attendance. Kristen looked over to where a crowd was standing and she could see a few of the princesses who hailed from different countries. They all looked very lovely. Andrew immediately dropped Kristen’s arm and headed right to them.      “Andrew?” she called after him. He seemed to not hear her.  
     Deflated, Kristen walked into the ballroom by herself and then stood shyly in a corner. A woman dressed in mint green chiffon soon came billowing up to her.  
     “I saw you walk in. So, how did Andrew find you? Yellow Pages?” Kristen shrunk backward.  
     The aggressor continued, “I used to date Andrew long ago. 
We almost got engaged and with no warning, he dumped me. 
I still can’t figure out why?” 
     Kristen just looked at her blankly and did not comment.  The woman was so abrupt and was acting a bit crazy. She started to speak again, when Andrew walked up and took Kristen’s hand.    
     He looked unhappy, “I see you have met Mitzi, the Welcoming Committee.” He gave Mitzi a cold peck on the cheek, “I can only imagine what you two are discussing. Let’s go Kristen” and he ushered her away. 
     As soon as they reached a safe distance from Mitzi, Andrew smiled at her. “Kristen, wait here for me. I have to go talk to some business associates. Are you enjoying yourself?”      Kristen managed a slight smile. “Sure Andrew, its wonderful here. Please hurry back so we can dance.”       He gave her a pat on the arm and now proceeded to the other side of the room to join a bevy of socialites. 
     Kristen looked surprised that he did that to her again. It was all turning out so horribly and this was not the type of setting that one should be left so obviously alone. She went to position herself next to the orchestra to sort out her feelings.  
     A waiter came walking toward her carrying a tray of champagne and Kristen stood ready to receive him. She leaned down to lay her silver clutch on the table and when she turned back, her flute was being handed to her by a tall stranger. 
     “What is an exquisite beauty doing here standing alone?” She was drawn in by the deep voice and looked up at him. His steel blue eyes met hers and she stepped back as she felt overpowered and seduced by a strange coldness. An elegant creature was before her and Kristen felt very small and insignificant in his presence. 
     She softly thanked him and his hand wrapped around hers as she took the glass. Instead of the anticipated fire, she was surprised when she felt her fingers ice up. She gave a small shudder and the man reached out and gently pulled her evening wrap tighter around her. 
   He moved in closer on Kristen and slowly isolated her further into a corner, “To whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with?”  
     Kristen was charmed by his British accent, “My name is Kristen Stratford”.  
   He tilted his head to one side, “I am Karl. Are you the daughter of Arthur Stratford? We are both club members at the Whitestone in Palm Beach. He always says that he wants me to meet you. He told me you were special.”  
     They conversed for a short while and then Karl took her glass and walked her over to the orchestra leader. He put his hand on the man’s shoulder and made a request. The music quickly changed from an upbeat tempo to a slow and romantic pace. 
     Karl led Kristen straight into the middle of the floor and held her at arm’s length as they lightly waltzed. He didn’t say a word as he looked down at her. Kristen had a curious look planted on her face, as his remained indifferent, but his eyes never left hers. 
     Mr. Important was across the room dancing with someone’s wife. He worriedly viewed Kristen and Karl and turned his partner so that he faced toward them. He impatiently continued dancing and as the song ended, Andrew quickly headed the couple off as they walked.       Karl stiffened and gave a brief smile as Andrew reached for Kristen. He then extended his hand in a firm shake.         “Hello Andrew. How are you this evening? I was just keeping your lovely granddaughter company. I hope you don’t mind.” 
     Andrew emitted a short laugh at the insult and quipped,     “I thought you liked them even younger and much more obedient Karl. This one is too much of a handful for your likes.”  
     He leaned in, “So, Karl what brings you all the way here from the UK? Or, did you just have an easy flight from your other place in New York?” 
     “Just in for the night to fork over my money like you. Andrew, you must tell me. Just where did you find someone as lovely as Miss Stratford?”  
     Kristen was enjoying being the center of attention and reached for her glass of champagne. She sipped it demurely as she watched them. The men continued to politely banter, but neither one cared for the other; nor were they interested in what was being said. Kristen took notice that Karl seemed to command the conversation.  
     After more uncomfortable small talk, Andrew was the first to back off and made his way to the head table to seek out his allies. He firmly held Kristen’s arm, keeping her close behind him.  
     He whispered in her ear “There is something off with that guy. I have never liked him.”  
     Kristen was even more intrigued. She dragged her heels and felt herself pulling back to stay with Karl. Without turning to look, she could feel Karl’s eyes follow her.      For the rest of the evening, Kristen thought about Karl and wondered if he came by himself. She had been so distracted by his glacial charm, that she hadn’t even looked at his hand to notice if he was married or not. Andrew continued to dance with everyone but her. But he did not let Kristen out of his sight.  
      From a distance, Kristen strained to watch Karl and see who he was with. She wasn’t surprised that he had a never-ending stream of beautiful partners. 
     There was an abundance of bubbly flowing that evening and poor Andrew never got his dance with a princess, or even a countess. They were too busy being whirled about by the celebrities that showed up. The event was a success and a lot of money was made that night. 
     Kristen was very tired after the gala and Andrew had an early flight in the morning to Houston. Her car was still parked at his restaurant. The limousine dropped her off in front and the Cabaret valet retrieved her vehicle as soon as he saw them pulling up.  
     Kristen said, “Thank you for the evening, Andrew, but I am very disappointed with the lack of time that you spent with me. It was embarrassing.” 
     “You are imagining things. I am not going to talk about this. I’ll see you in a few days and call you when I get back to 
Chicago. Good-night Kristen.” 
  With this cold farewell from Andrew, Kristen knew she was no longer in a comfortable place in her relationship with him. She could not understand what she did to make it sour and it now felt like he had stamped an expiration date on her head when they first met.  
    While Andrew was out of town, Kristen decided to hang out at Cabaret and enjoy her freedom. It was now Wednesday, and Chicago was enduring an unusual heat wave. The air-conditioning could barely keep up. She was posed at a table with a tropical drink displaying a tiny umbrella and an abundance of orange slices hanging off the sides. Since it was mid-week, there were mostly only small corporate gatherings and a few tourists present. 
     The businessmen in the room went back and forth from their tables and gave Kristen a grin as they walked by her. They were down to their shirt sleeves and dancing themselves into a sweaty lather with the few girls that were in there. Kristen chose to remain cool and turned down a few offers to whoop it up. She twiddled the ice cubes around with her straw. 
     A handsome man strode past her and Kristen gave him a smile. The man almost reached the table where his work companions sat, when he did a double-take and came back toward her. 
     “Kristen? Kristen Stratford?”  
     “Yes, I am. Do I know you?”  
     He looked excited and sat next to her, “Sure, you do. It’s me. Michael Hansen, your childhood friend.” He laughingly groaned, “Are you having a senior moment? Come on, it hasn’t been that long.”  
     Kristen said happily, “Of course it is you. I was being spacey and I didn’t recognize you in a suit. Michael, you look great! How are you?” She looked him over with admiration.      “I’m doing very well. I am here with some of my company’s executives for dinner.” He pointed over at them. He then pushed her drink slightly out of his way and kissed her on the cheek.  
     “Yum, Yum, you smell delicious. And you look gorgeous. Going out with your husband after this?”  
     “I’m not married. I am just enjoying myself. My boyfriend, owns this place.”  
   Michael looked confused, “Andrew Bensinger is your boyfriend? Isn’t he kind of old for you? He looks like your father. Do you have some kind of Daddy complex going on?”       “He’s not that old. He’s a wonderful man.” Kristen was very annoyed by his comment. 
     She remarked sarcastically, “So, Michael, where’s your wife?”  
     “Never married, still can’t find the right woman.” He gave Kristen a sad look, like she should understand what he meant.  
     Kristen looked him over, “Well, you are quite a catch and still young, shouldn’t be long.”  
     He looked into her eyes,  
     “Kristen, there is something I need to ask you…”  
     One of his dinner friends came up and interrupted him,          “Mike. I’ve got Pittsburgh calling on my cell. You need to come over and talk to him.” Michael looked at him and nodded his head.  
     “Kristen, I have to go, it’s an important call.” He leaned closer to her, “I really need to talk to you. I will be right back.” 
     Kristen started to finish up her drink. She was curious about what Michael had to say to her that was so important. He looked very successful and she wondered what business he was in.  
     She curiously watched as the phone was handed to him by a lanky brunette wearing a chartreuse Dior number. With his other hand, he lit her cigarette. 
     Kristen speculated, “That’s probably his girlfriend. What’s he doing with a smoker? He is too much of a jock.” She was surprised that she felt jealous. She had a faraway look in her eyes, when Andrew appeared out of nowhere. 
     “Well, Kristen, I see you are keeping yourself out of trouble.” 
     “Andrew?” What are you doing back so soon? She uncomfortably looked in Michael’s direction. He was nowhere in sight. 
     “I just finished up my Texas business early. I am glad that you are here. Let’s get dinner somewhere. Maybe at the restaurant in my building.” 
     Kristen felt a bit reluctant. She was not happy how he treated her at the ball and still needed time away from him. 
She also did not want to leave Michael.  
     “Just a minute Andrew. I need to visit the ladies’ room before we go.” Kristen went into the lounge and leaned on the door as it closed. She felt giddy and her breathing grew heavy as she fell deep into her memories.  
     Ahh, Michael…he was her next-door neighbor and her teen-age crush! He was two years older than her and besides a few stolen kisses, he had always treated her like a little sister. Michael was very popular and was always busy dating the cheerleaders and prom queens. He seemed to have a special light about him that touched everyone that he was with. She constantly fantasized back then about how he would be the perfect loving husband and how cute their kids would be. She always knew that he was “The One” for her!     Seeing Michael tonight still made her heart pound out of her chest and she needed to resolve these unfinished feelings for him. She wanted to give him her phone number but there was no easy way to do it with Andrew there.  
     When she re-emerged, Andrew looked concerned.       “What took you so long? Come on, my driver is waiting.” He grabbed her by the arm and rushed her out the door.      Unknown to Kristen, Michael Hansen had merely stepped into another room so that he could hear better on the phone. He looked out the window and saw her entering the limousine. He abruptly hung up on his client and then ran out after her, but was too late!  
     As traffic whizzed by him, Michael stood sadly in the middle of the busy street, watching as Bensinger’s car headed off towards his lakeside penthouse. Michael desperately wanted Kristen to know that he had very special feelings for her since they were young and that he had always wanted to tell her that. Though he never let on, he liked her so much that he always felt incredibly shy around her and the words just couldn’t come out.  
      Now, he was afraid he lost his chance and wondered if there would ever be another opportunity. Michael knew he could find out her phone number if he wanted, but he was still not sure of how she felt about him. For now, sadly her dance card looked filled. 
     Kristen did not enjoy being with Andrew at the restaurant. All she could think about was Michael and she wanted to sneak back to Cabaret to find him. After a few bites she pushed aside her meal. 
     “Andrew, I am not feeling well. I am going to go home.”      “Alright Kristen, I see some of my friends in here. The driver can take you back to your car.” He then walked over to them instead of walking her out.      
      Kristen thought, “Wow, not even a kiss?” She was even more eager to see Michael. 
     The driver dropped her at Cabaret and promptly drove off. When she went back into the bar, Michael was gone. Once again, he had vanished from her life. Kristen sadly sighed and she felt like crying. She would have loved to catch up on things with him.  
   That night, Kristen couldn’t get to sleep and she needed to calm herself. She went downstairs to sit in her recliner. As she closed her eyes, her mind drifted her back to Michael and the summer days they spent on Lake Michigan…  
     Michael had always worked at the local sailing beach during the school break. Through the years, Kristen would often find herself leaving the swim area to wander over to the boat shack to visit him. The two of them would then huddle together and tell each other their dreams. She always yearned for the day to come when he would realize what she truly meant to him.  
     That day finally came! To celebrate her 16th birthday, the 
Hansen family took her on vacation with them to the Caribbean. Mr. Hansen had arranged to have a private yacht at their disposal, and one afternoon, Kristen and Michael had the vessel all to themselves. 
     Michael announced, “Now is the time to teach you how to fish.” 
    Kristen looked sad, “I don’t know Michael, I don’t like to kill things, not even bugs.”  
     “Don’t be silly. It’s fun. Come on, I will show you.” He gave her a few instructions. 
      She leaned over the railing, casting out her line while Michael kept his strong arm around her slight body, preventing the wind from carrying her off. She loved his scent of cocoa butter and musky cologne. He patiently coached her, until she hooked one.  
     “Very good Stratford. I am impressed.” He gave her a smile as he removed the fish for her and she proudly held it up, as he applauded.  
     “OK, now let’s put it back in the water. I can’t stand to see it suffer. Please Michael?” 
     “I don’t know if this is the sport for you.” Michael leaned way over the side and gently released the fish. When he turned back, he softly said, “You are so sweet.”       He then gave Kristen a long kiss. No one was there, except the ocean and they couldn’t stop once they started. 
The magnetism was so strong.  
     Kristen challenged him, “Michael, do you like me?”  
     Michael gave her a cocky look, “Of course I like you, 
Kristen. You’ve always been my buddy.”  
     Kristen pressed on, “Not like that Michael. You know what I mean.”  
     Michael stood back from her like a bee had just stung him. But he didn’t have a chance to answer her.     
     Unexpectedly, his family arrived back early. They pulled up in a dinghy and boarded the yacht.  
     His father laughed, “So, did you two have a good time together?”  
     Michael just smiled at him and went below deck. Kristen told Mr. Hansen about her fish, as she lamented to herself at the loss of her opportunity to land Michael too.       Two weeks later Michael went off to an Ivy League school out east and she never saw him again...  
     The phone rang and Kristen was jarred from her thoughts.       “So, can you forgive me? I know I acted a bit like a cad tonight by not saying good-bye.”  
     Andrew was now in full apologetic mode. He was also slurring his words, so she knew that he had been drinking.      “I just don’t know where this is leading to Andrew? In fact, it is like it never even got started. 
     Andrew arrogantly replied, “Well, don’t think about it too long. I don’t plan to jump through any hoops to convince you of anything. I am too busy for that teen nonsense.” 
      He began to get angry, “Ever since I took you to the gala, you have been acting differently. You are not the same girl that I met just a short time ago.” 
     Kristen was confused. “Where was this coming from?”      He continued, “Chicago is a very small pond. You belong with the other sharks in Palm Beach. You are always talking about it. Why don’t you go back down there and leave me alone? Even my wife knows not to act like that.”       Kristen exclaimed, “Your wife? You’re married?”      “Why the hell are you asking me that? You know I’m married and you were well aware of what you were in this for.” 
     “No, no I didn’t know. I would have never started up with you if I had.” Kristen felt totally deceived. 
     It was a well-known fact, to at least everyone else in town, that Andrew was quite the philanderer; he had been parading girls around town for years.  
     He kept his wife tucked safely away in the distant suburbs, while he stayed at his downtown “bachelor pad” during the work week. And, as long as his wife had her luxury life, she did not care.  
  
     Andrew acted disgusted, “Oh, get real Kristen, you are so full of it. I can at least tell you honestly that I have never gotten a divorce because it would scare the shareholders.          Seriously, my wife has no concerns, she knows the drill and I have no plans to discuss this further. It is a non-issue. 
Understand?”  
      Kristen firmly replied, “I am sorry Andrew, but if you are married, then we are through. I really have nothing else to say to you. I enjoyed your company and I am sorry that it has to end this way. Good-bye.” She hung up the phone with no regrets and was ready to move on. 
     The next day, in another part of Chicago, not far away from where Kristen lived in the suburbs, Michael Hansen had just finished a rigorous work-out. He also had trouble sleeping the night before because he could not get Kristen out of his mind. He then took his frustration out on the fitness center’s machines. 
     As he was getting dressed in the locker room, he ran into an old friend from high school. Both sat down on a short bench, as they cooled off. They began reminiscing about mutual acquaintances. His friend started to tell him all about his new girlfriend. 
      Michael got excited, “Hey, I know her. She lived about a block from me. In fact, she was a good friend of 
Kristen’s.” 
     “Who? Kristen Stratford? My brother used to date one of her sisters. They were all babes.” 
     “So, does your girlfriend still talk to Kristen?”      “Sure, in fact we just saw her last week at a party. My girlfriend hangs out with her all the time.” 
     “You don’t happen to have her number, do you?”      “You know it’s funny Mike. I actually do. My girlfriend used my cell to call her and she left it in the phone.” He handed it to him, “Here take it down.”  
     Michael reached for his phone and put Kristen’s prized number into it. He then smiled and stuck it back in his pocket. 
     “Thanks for this! Now maybe Kristen and I can do a double-date with you soon. I just ran into her last night and I really want to spend more time with her. I have always liked her.” 
     His friend smiled, “Glad I could re-unite you old lovebirds. It will be fun to party with you both.”       The old friends walked out together. Michael got in his car and instantly called Kristen. He had obviously forgotten about taking a passive stance. 
     The phone rang once, then went dead. Michael felt upset. He dialed it again. This time the phone went straight to voicemail. He heard a message saying that the “box was full.” He then tried a text, but it bounced right back stating that the phone was not in service.      Michael then went on the internet to link the number to her address, but nothing came up. He just shrugged and proceeded to drive home. He was not happy with how his day was starting and he was not satisfied that he might have to wait years before running into her again. 
He wanted to see her now.  
He felt it even stronger than ever… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
3 DARK GAMES 
  
     The last Sunday of the month was extra warm and sticky and Kristen had nothing to do. It was too unbearable to go to the lake, so she turned up the air conditioning and plopped down on the black leather lounger. She clicked through all the cable channels.          “What a rotten day, nothing is even on TV.”        She decided to challenge the elements and drove downtown to go shopping. She parked in a city garage and then wandered from store to store along Michigan Avenue.  
     After she could not find anything that interested her, she made her way over to sit at a patio café. She ordered a Pepsi and quietly watched the tourists as they came down the sidewalk. 
     As she looked to the north, she saw a familiar male figure walking her way. He was dressed in black pants and a white shirt with a dark silk tie. It was Karl from the ball! He had noticed Kristen too and made his way over to her. He ducked his head under the table umbrella and sat down. 
     He nodded politely, “Miss Stratford, I am surprised to run into you.”   
     Kristen gazed at his handsome dark looks and felt shy. She replied, “Hello Karl. Are you back in town for a while?”         Karl partially smiled, “I do business in Chicago very frequently.” He acted uncomfortable answering her question.        He looked at her glass, “Is there alcohol in that?”        “No, I am not one that enjoys drinking during the day. I am out to shop. I am on a mission.”  
     He looked around, “I can see you have not completed it. 
Where are the bags?” 
     “Guess, I can’t quite get in the mood. I was going to try again later,” Kristen shrugged.   
     Karl said, “I would like to take you and find you some outfits. Let’s go.” It was apparent that he was telling her that she was to come with him, it was not an offer. 
     Kristen gave him a curious look as she rose from the chair and reached down for her purse. Karl went over to her and held her elbow. He left a fifty on the table and walked Kristen down the street and straight into Prada. 
     He looked around and went toward the shoe displays. Without asking her what she liked, he picked out three pairs, all with very tall and spiky heels and handed them to the clerk.  
     “Please go to the back and find us these in a Size 8.”          Kristen didn’t say a word, as he again took her arm as they left. 
     The shopping continued as Karl took her to more stores and now picked out her outfits. It was uncanny that he knew her sizes and he had remarkable taste when it came to style. He even picked out matching scarves and several articles of lingerie for her.  
     Whenever Kristen tried to speak, he would give her a look and she would instantly clam up. She seemed to be maturing even more by the minute as she learned to restrain herself. There was nothing romantic between them, but strangely, Kristen felt like he owned her.  
     Both of them had handfuls of bags with no room for more. 
They sat on a bus shelter bench for a brief rest.  
     Karl looked over Kristen, “I think you should have short hair. We are going to take care of that now.”  
     Kristen blurted out, “What are you talking about? There is no way I am cutting my hair! I barely know you. This is too weird. I am going home.” 
     Karl looked at her sternly, “You know that the only place you will be going is back with me to my hotel. I want to see how you look in your new wardrobe. We will pass on the hair for now.”  
     Kristen gave him an incredulous look and was ready to protest again. But she was so fascinated by him that she longed to see what would happen next. She was afraid to disappoint him and feared he would lose interest if she did. 
He was so gorgeous and she was dying to have him.       Karl hailed a cab and they arrived at the Ritz-Carlton a few minutes later. He kept her in his grasp as they walked in the large doors. Karl frowned at her when she smiled at the doorman and held her arm even tighter. He ushered her across the long lobby and into the elevator. 
     As they ascended to the top level, Karl moved closer to Kristen. He looked at her for a brief moment, as if he wanted to kiss her. She readied herself to embrace him.       He then straightened his body, “You are correct. You would look awful with short hair.” 
     The bell sounded their floor and Karl picked up most of the bags and nudged her with them, “Down this way.” Kristen walked in front of him.  
     Karl had a very luxurious suite. It was one of the nicest she had ever seen. He put the parcels he was carrying in a corner.  
     He then reached for hers, “Please be seated Kristen.”       She began to set herself down on the couch.  
     “No. Over there.” He pointed to a large wing chair by the window.  
     She slowly walked over to it, sat down, and gave him a sullen look. He made no comment and turned his back to her 
as he carefully pulled all of her clothes out of the bags. Kristen knew that he had spent a small fortune on her and wondered what he was now expecting in return. She wasn’t sure whether his attitude was just an act and was hoping for a quick warm up. She was ready. 
     Karl held up a strapless white leather dress and reached for a pair of silver shoes with glass heels, “Please put these on. You may choose your undergarments.” He tilted one of the larger lingerie bags toward her, as he looked away. Kristen gave him an amused look and reached in to find the sexiest ones.  
     She thought, “This should make him cave in. I will just come out wearing these.” 
     Karl also knew what she was thinking and stated, “Please reappear in the entire ensemble. Then we will have you try on something else and go to dinner.” 
     Kristen felt like his Barbie doll and walked off into his bedroom and closed the door. She put on the outfit and fixed her hair and make-up. She looked great but felt confused. She sat down on the bed wishing that he would join her.       Karl knocked on the door. In his no-nonsense English accent, he said, “Come out of there please. I assume you are ready?” Kristen did not answer. 
     Karl came in and sat down closely next to her, “Kristen, 
what do you expect from me?”  
     She didn’t know how to reply. Although, he remained reserved, she could feel his heat emanating around her. She was so sure he liked her, “Why wouldn’t he show it?”       She considered making the first move and began to lean toward him.  
     He abruptly stood up, “You are dressed. Now please go back out to your chair.” He proceeded to walk back to the couch and she sat reluctantly.  
     He walked quietly up to her, reached to her neck and put a silver dog collar around it. He then clipped on a thin black leather leash, “On your knees, please.”  
     Kristen looked at him in utter disbelief, “You have got to be kidding me.”  
     Karl replied “No, I am quite serious. Please walk over to the hallway.” He lifted her from the couch to the floor and added, “You will be rewarded.”  
     Kristen thought that maybe he would be the prize, so she obeyed. 
     As Karl held onto one end of the long leash, she began to paw her way through the plush carpet. Karl watched with no emotion. She knew she looked cute, but she felt ridiculous and rolled over on her side with her arms and legs sticking straight up like a dog.  
     “This is so silly. I am not doing this.”  
     “That is fine Miss Stratford. Please return to your chair.”       Kristen just stayed on the floor and looked at him for a short time. Then, without another word from Karl, she knew to pull herself up and return to sit down. 
      “I don’t think I am into this Karl. I am sorry.”  
     Karl stood up, “No need to apologize. You are just afraid to like it. It goes against what you have learned through the years.”  
     He then reached into one of the bags, “Hold out your hands please.”  
     Kristen raised them and he swiftly wrapped one of her new scarves around them. She could feel the softness of the silk as he pulled it taut. She looked into his blue eyes and fell into them. She felt a longing deep within and was starting to enjoy this! 
     “There. That will keep your hands off of me.”         Kristen wondered if this was all some lame English joke and she decided to appease him.   
     She tritely said, “What next Master? Where’s the whip?” 
     Karl was not pleased, “You don’t know who you are addressing. Until you do, it is best to keep quiet. I will mix you a drink to calm you down.”  
     Kristen whined, “Karl. Can’t we do something else? I really mean it. I am just not into this.”  
     He frowned, “No, but you are into me and I know you want to please me.” 
   He stirred her to her greater depths and she was dying to make love with him. She softly asked, “How can I do that?”  
     He answered, “By listening to me and not talking.”  
     She retorted, “I am not a child.”  
     Karl laughed “You know that you are and you will be treated like one.” 
   He then looked aggravated and said, “Kristen, you are boring me. Time for you to go. There will be no dinner.”       Kristen pleaded, “Oh please Karl, I don’t want to go. I want to stay here with you!”  
     He untied her hands and pointed to the door, “Please enjoy the items I bought you.” 
   It was difficult for her to gather up all the bags, but she managed. She started to walk out the door and began telling him her phone number, “Karl, please write it down, I want you to call me.”  
     Karl replied, “There is no need to be begging me. I am not interested in having it. This meeting is over. I have a limousine out front to return you to where we met.”       Kristen kept repeating the number, until he finally shut the door loudly behind her.    
     When morning came, Kristen was a bit depressed because she knew she probably blew her chances with him. She felt like something precious had been yanked away from her. She figured that Karl was serious when he said that he didn’t care if he had her number. He probably would never call. What was worse, she had wasted her time trying to give him her home phone and not her cell number.  
     For the entire week and into the next one, whenever she went out, she would always wonder if he had called her. She continuously dialed her answering machine, but to no avail. Kristen knew she wasn’t acting like herself. Normally she never let men affect her this way. She usually knew to maintain some distance to ensure that she would never get hurt. 
     It was Thursday night and Kristen had a big day of lunch with the girls and shopping ahead of her, so she went to sleep at 10:30 PM. An hour later, the phone clanged against the vase next to her.  
     “Oh, God, let me sleep.” She groaned, rolling away from the direction of the ring and back-handed the phone, knocking it off the nightstand. Silence.  
     The phone rang again. Kristen then remembered, “Karl! Maybe it’s him.” Frantic, she struggled to reach down to pull the phone back off the floor. She fell off the bed scraping her ankle against the frame and made a lot of noise. 
     “Oww!” she yelped. She then steadied the phone, “Hello,” she said calmly.  
     A low voice inquired, “What are you doing?” 
     “Oh, nothing much.” Kristen replied, rubbing on her ankle and trying to straighten out her body, which now seemed locked in a pretzel.  
     “What was all that commotion?” Karl sounded normal and then quickly snapped back into his stern voice.  
     “Did you expect me to call?”  
     “I wasn’t sure if you would and it didn’t really matter anyway.” Kristen replied. 
     He was aggravated by her answer and continued, “I have no time for game players that are not truthful. I am going to hang up.”   
     Kristen begged, “No, no, I was hoping you would call. 
Please talk to me.”  
   Karl smugly said, “Very well, I assumed you would be glad.” He seemed pleased. 
     “God, what arrogance. She loved it!”  
     “I have been very busy.” Then he paused, “Excuse me. I need to call you back.”  
     Now Kristen was feeling very nervous. She started propping herself up higher on her pillows and smoothing out her hair. She turned on her small lamp and pulled the phone off of the table and onto her lap.  
     “Ring already!” she demanded. The phone just sat there. She waited another eight minutes without making a move. Now, she was just feeling stupid. She got out of bed pulling the phone cord behind her and stretching it out into the hallway as far as it would go. She then sat down on the stairs with the phone between her legs.  
     She groaned, “Oh, no, not again! He’s not going to call. I can’t take this.” 
   Just as she was about to pout, he called back. She scooped up the phone trying to remain cool and sophisticated.       Karl said, “I think we should meet again. Do you have a fax at home?”  
     “Yes, same number, but I will have to hang up.” He clicked off. 
   The fax began to ring. Slowly a page emerged. She curiously watched as it came out. It was a grainy textured photo, very dark and was hard to make out. She tilted her head. It looked like a woman on a bed, with tubes coming out of her that were attached to a machine. A man in a mask was standing over her. More pictures followed and they were almost completely obscured by blackness.  
     Her cell phone now rang. Kristen was puzzled that he knew that number. 
     “How do you like them?” he asked.  
     “I like,” Kristen lied.    
   Karl began to speak about bondage and his perception of it and Kristen listened intently. After an hour, she was more than curious and told him she wanted to learn more. They spoke late into the night.  
     Before they hung up, Karl asked, “Kristen. Are you planning on going to Palm Beach any time soon?” 
     “Why do you ask?”  
     “Oh, it's nothing, I was just wondering. I very much enjoyed talking to you. I am going to let you go now. Good night.”  
     Kristen was now sure that she had Karl all lined up. But the problem was, he never set a date, or said when she would hear from him. She thought about the bondage scene again and realized there were people out there that followed BDSM like it was a religion. Obviously, some of them were warped to begin with. She figured Karl just did it for kicks, but she was not sure and it scared her. Maybe he had a strict upbringing or a scary English governess. 
     For herself, Kristen was only thinking about it as something different to do, to experiment with and to test her limits. She felt a need to experience it, before she was ready to go back to how mundane things could be.  
     She sensed an element of true danger to it and she wanted to meet the real players. She knew that Karl was perfect for what she was looking for. She wanted in!  
  
     She was also completely amazed that she was babbling like this. What the heck was going on? This was not her doing her own thinking… 
     The next day, Kristen was anxious to start this new adventure and she was very annoyed that Karl had chosen not to call her back again. She wasn’t sure if he was in New York, or Chicago.  
     She thought about him for another week and then one late morning, she felt extra impatient and decided to go through her caller I.D. logs. Karl had blocked the first call that he had made to her home phone that night. But he didn’t when he re-dialed and she easily spotted the New York City prefix.      She felt very unnerved as she entered the number into her cell phone. It rang for a while and went to a generic voicemail. She lost her courage and did not leave a message.  Kristen felt like she had made a big mistake trying to call him and went downstairs to make some lunch. After twenty minutes, she decided she was really craving to talk to him, so she tried it again. 
   The phone did not even ring and it was answered.       Kristen said, “Is this you?”  
     His strong voice replied, “You know it is. Why are you calling me?”  
     She meekly spoke, “I don’t know why. I just feel like I should.”  
     He said indifferently, “You know why, but you just don’t understand it yet. You should really know that it is not for you.” Kristen completely understood what he meant.       “I know I should not see you again, but I am still stuck in town and this place is not as exciting as New York, so I am bored. Some friends of mine are having a gathering tonight in the West Loop. Give me your e-mail. You need a pass to get in.” She relayed it to him and he hung up. 
     Kristen looked at the message when it came in. Karl had typed the address, and when she clicked on the attachment, all it showed was a black square. She thought that was funny and wondered what type of event this was going to be.  
     The address was for an art studio and she was instructed to go in the back door at midnight. It felt like Halloween!       She printed out the page and cut along the black square. She started thinking about asking one of her girlfriends to come, but she was afraid to call Karl again for permission. She feared that it would make him mad and she would be uninvited. 
    She looked in her closet for an outfit that would really fit in with the bondage scene and found one of her short skirts that she used to wear in her punkier teen days. It was black and lined with little strips of metal. She then threw on a black leather teddy, stilettos and left to meet him.  
     It was a pretty creepy section of town that he directed her to. The streetlights were not working on that block and she looked up and down for the art gallery. She just saw houses. She could barely read the addresses on any of them. Most of them were abandoned and boarded up.   
    She saw lights on at one house and thought it was the right one. There were no numbers on it and she knocked. No one answered. She waited for a while and then assumed they were partying and could not hear her. She turned the doorknob and walked in.  
     The hall smelled like someone had been heavily cooking with spices. She walked around and saw beat up furniture in the living room and toys on the floor.  
     “Oops, I don’t think this is right!” She heard a commotion upstairs and rushed out.   
    She ran fast down the block. She couldn’t believe that she walked into someone’s house. She leaned over and tried to catch her breath.  
     “What are you doing?” She heard Karl’s voice behind her. He was standing by the rear of another house. He blended into the shadows wearing a dark suit and black shirt with no tie.  
     She went over to him and started to explain. He just looked at her and she knew to stop talking. He didn’t say another word. She produced her black square and he didn’t even look. He walked. She followed.  
   They went into the backyard and he opened a screen door. She peered in. It looked like steps leading to a basement. He had her walk in front of him now.  
     Kristen tried to make it down the narrow wood stairs in her stilettos without stumbling. At the bottom, there was a light bulb in the ceiling that had black paint sprayed on the end of it and it was difficult to see. She didn’t hear anyone making party noises and was afraid that she was alone with him.  
     She didn’t know why, but Kristen began to worry that she didn’t even know his last name and had never checked him out on the internet. She only was aware that he was a prominent businessman. Even though Andrew knew him, if Karl wanted to get freaky and hurt her, this was the perfect place for it. 
     They went through a couple of doors and walked into a cold cement room that was painted black. In the corner, were iron poles that came out of the walls which had handcuffs hanging down. There was a small platform only a few inches off the ground.  
 “Kind of seems like first date hell,” Karl said deadpan.  
     Kristen’s throat grew tight and she was very frightened. She knew she had really made a big mistake and now it was all over for her. It was too dark to see the expression on his face. She thought she should try to kick him and escape, but he was exceptionally strong and she was absolutely paralyzed with fear.  
     He walked slowly over to a wooden table and lit up a large candle. Kristen thought she saw three long curved knives laying on it. He pulled a black scarf from his coat pocket, turned her around suddenly and tied it over her eyes.       Kristen thought she was going to drop right down on the floor, every muscle in her body grew weak and she slumped. He held her up around her waist and brought her to the structure.  
     “No please,” she weakly cried out.  
     “You will need to remain completely quiet. Raise your feet.” She lifted them one at a time and he removed her spiky heels.  
     Kristen submissively let him raise her arms and place each hand into a cuff. She could feel the coldness of the metal against her veins. She could feel him place mittens on her hands that didn’t have thumbs.  
     “Open your mouth.” He inserted a very small ball that tasted like dirty rubber and strapped it around her head. She could hear him step back from her and then she felt the platform move away from her feet. Her toes still touched the floor, but she was in a stretched position and uncomfortable. She could hear his shoes as he walked out and then the door closed.   
     He left her hanging for what was probably an hour.   
     “Karl?” She muttered with the ball in place. It was getting really cold in there and she could feel her feet start to numb. She thought maybe she could work to loosen the poles with her weight and pull them out of the wall.  
     She tried several times to reach up and then bounce down. She felt the pole bend slightly, but it was still secured tightly and made a loud clanging noise.   
     She heard heavy footsteps coming down the stairs and she stopped her movement. The door opened and she could hear more than one person walk in. She realized that maybe there were three of them, as she heard folding chairs being opened and placed in front of her. Kristen was terrified. She tried making noises with the ball in her mouth. She was met by only silence.   
     One of the chairs squeaked as it pushed back. She could hear footsteps and then a sound that she thought was one of those knives being lifted off the table. She could sense someone was coming up to her and she could feel the warm breath close against her face.  
     “Uhh, Uhh,” Kristen tried to make grunting noises as she struggled and pushed back her body away from the stranger. 
She could smell cologne and she knew it was a man.  
     “Karl, Karl?” she tried to get the words out.  
     The ball went deeper into her mouth and she was gagging on her own saliva. She could feel the sharp point of the knife being pushed slightly into her throat. It was then run down the length of her chest, barely touching it.   
 She started making choking noises and she could feel hands on her face. The ball was then unstrapped and a wad of cloth replaced it before she could scream out. It smelled like medicine and tasted like lemons.  
     She could now hear another figure coming toward her. She felt the dull side of a blade being brought up along the inside of her leg and under her skirt. Kristen braced herself in pure terror. Then it stopped. 
     The chairs were now being folded up and pulled along the floor. She could hear them being stacked against the wall. The door closed and all of them went back upstairs and into a room above her. She was alone for several minutes.      Someone came silently in the room and walked up to her. Her cuffs and mittens were taken off. A soft hand guided her out of the room and into another one. She thought it might be a woman.  
     She could now feel that there was heat in in this room and began to feel better. But she also thought this was the end and that someone was going to kill her.  
     “Kristen.” She heard Karl’s voice from the other side of the room and she felt strangely comforted. The cloth was taken from her mouth.  
     Her blindfold was then removed by someone else. It was Karl! He returned it to his pocket. She did not talk and knew not to express anger or any emotion. He made her feel safe.     
     Now, she thought she knew what it was all about… 
  
     Kristen felt listless as she walked around her house for the next week. She accepted that the encounter had definitely affected her and she was becoming darker. Her fear had drawn her closer to him.  
     She was sad that Karl might be incapable of romantic feelings when it came to her and she badly wanted to break through that stone exterior. She knew that she was not in love with Karl. She was addicted.  
     The fact that he didn’t want her, made Kristen desire him even more. She kept picturing them in bed together and her emotions could not be suppressed. She thought of lame excuses to talk to him and she wanted to ask him about the cadre of men that night and what they were doing while they were watching her. Kristen knew Karl had more in store for her if he thought she could handle it.  
     It had been long enough not hearing from him. She couldn’t resist calling him again and dialed the number. 
There was no answer and no voicemail.  
     She was afraid that he had left town and had no further use for her. Kristen couldn’t stand it. She had to talk to him. She kept re-dialing the number. After the fourth try, a voicemail came on. She said, “Karl, I need to talk to you. I am ready.”  
     Her phone rang immediately. She picked it up and started 
rambling, “Karl, I need to see you, I really do.”       Her request was met by his usual response. 
     “Will you calm down? I am not someone you want to get to know.”  
     Kristen begged, “I know you will like me, just give me a chance.”  
     Karl answered firmly, “We are not playing a game Kristen, you are not ready.” He hung up. 
     Kristen went outside and walked around the block. She kept her cell phone with her. She felt very nervous.  
     Karl called her back, “Meet me at midnight. 3242 W. Market Street.” Kristen wanted to ask him if that address was in the city, but he was already gone. 
     She was excited all day long. Around 8PM, she was already dressed and decided to hang out with Suzie downtown before meeting him.  
     When Suzie saw her, she said, “What is going on with those eyes. You look like a punk!”  
     Kristen had put on several coats of eyeliner and mascara for a dramatic effect. She was wearing fishnets, a lace bustier, a short black spandex skirt, and of course her tallest steel heels. 
     “Come on Kristen, you can’t look like that, we’re going to a 
Jazz bar. What has gotten into you?”  
     Kristen replied, “I don’t want to go there. Let’s go to one of the alternative bars. I want to hear a real band.” They headed over in their separate cars.  
     When they went into the place, they immediately saw some friends and sat at their large table. Suzie danced nonstop, while Kristen got as intoxicated as possible. She needed to be completely out of it in order to feel normal with Karl. Then she realized she still had to drive there and she slowed it down for the next two hours. 
     It was finally nearing midnight and Kristen announced that she was leaving. She was able to drive with no problems.      Suzie had no idea where Kristen was going, “I’m coming with you.”  
     Kristen answered quickly, “You can’t.” She then went to her car and drove off. Suzie called after her, “Again Kristen, what’s wrong with you?”  
     Kristen muttered to herself, “You would never understand.” 
     The meeting place turned out to be nightclub that Kristen thought had closed down. She pulled up and saw Karl was outside talking to some men. As usual, he looked very polished. She emerged from the car and walked slowly up to him.  
     “You look like a clown,” he said displeased. She walked behind him into the building. 
 The place was crowded and it looked like an S&M party was going at full speed. There were topless waitresses walking about carrying small silver trays and handing out hors d’oeuvres and beverages. They were wearing dog collars with very pointy spikes on their necks, black thongs, thigh highs, and nothing else.  
     There were decidedly more men in the place. Kristen thought many of the girls looked like they were hired to be there, since they had similar outfits on. Most of the men were wearing wedding rings. Karl’s fingers were bare. 
     Karl planted Kristen on a low couch and walked away. He had not said a word to her since they entered. She saw him walk up to an older Asian woman, who was wearing a red rubber jump suit, and drag her off by her ponytail. Kristen watched jealously and wanted to go after him.  
     A short, fat man came up to her dressed entirely in white leather and a tiny derby hat, tilted to the side. He resembled a dented marshmallow and was carrying a whip.       “Stand up!” he barked. He looked like he was getting ready to go at her.  
     A large bouncer in black t-shirt came up to him, “She’s Karl’s.” The man nodded and strode off. 
     Kristen had nothing to do but observe. The room filled up as more people came in and then they would break off into the various back rooms. Kristen desperately wanted to go and see what was going on.  
     It also seemed obvious, that no waitresses were coming up to her with the free drinks, like they were offering everyone else. She wanted one! 
     She looked at the bouncer still standing by her and wondered if he was assigned to her. She thought she would make a run for the back zone to see if he would try to stop her. Karl had now been gone for almost an hour and she was getting impatient. She was in the mood for trouble!      Kristen smiled at the bouncer, “Where’s the bathroom please?” He looked away from her and pointed toward a hall by the front door.  
     Kristen slowly got up and walked in that direction and away from him. She stopped to grab a drink from a tray that was sitting on a table and sipped it at it. She kept looking behind her to see if he was watching. Then, she turned and quickly slid along the wall, back toward the other rooms.       “Her” bouncer immediately stopped her. He then picked her up and carried her down some stairs to the right of them.  
     He scolded her, “You are being a very bad girl.”       Kristen was tossed on the floor of an empty room, 
“Oww!”  She rubbed her thigh where she landed on it.  
     The bouncer leaned over her, “Sit up.” She complied and he quickly put a black hood over her head. It had a closure on the mouth and he zipped it shut.     
     A few minutes later, the hood was pulled off and she was relieved to see Karl standing there. His eyes were very dark. She noticed his perfect hair was now messy, his tie was loosened and his suit coat was not on him.  
     “Miss Stratford, are you trying to embarrass me in front of my friends? What is it? What are you expecting now?” 
 “I don’t know Karl? I know I want you and I don’t know why?”  
     Karl pulled her off the floor and half-smiled, as he stood her up in front of him. Then with no emotion, he put a stiff hand on her shoulder and took her into another room.      There was a bed in there. It had restraints attached to each side. He put Kristen on the bed and buckled the brown leather straps around her wrists and her ankles.  
     Karl said, “I don’t know whether to have sex with you or kill you! I don’t know what to do with you.” He walked out of the room. 
     The anticipation was driving Kristen crazy. She tested the straps and knew she could slip out of the ones on her hands if she wanted to.  
     It had not been long before three men walked into the room. They were all wearing black ski masks, and expensive business suits. Without even seeing their faces, she felt they were in their early forties. The trio stood in the corner by the door watching her.  
     One lit up a cigarette and tapped the ashes on the floor. Kristen did not say anything. She was scared and felt like they were making some kind of decision about her. She thought they might be the group from the other night.       A woman was screaming in the room next her and Kristen worried if the men were going to take her in there. There were too many to fight off, “Where was Karl?”      One of the men turned off the overhead lights. They continued standing there and Kristen could see the glow of the cigarette every time it was inhaled. The air was very quiet. There were now muffled moans coming through the ventilation system, that seemed like they were far away.      Kristen started slipping her hands out of the restraints and the buckles made noise. The man with the cigarette flicked it on the floor and turned the lights on. With no reaction, they left the room.  
     Karl came back in, “You need to grow up and stop playing games,” he said, while loosening her ankle cuffs, “I told you, this is not for you.”  
     He led her into a large room where one man and two women were tied up to three metal racks that were shaped like crosses. They all wore long black veils over their faces. It resembled a Crucifixion and Kristen could tell that no one looked like they were enjoying it. Their much older male dominants were standing next to them and were dressed in executioner outfits.  
     The pair quickly passed through and Karl brought her upstairs, “Kristen, you are not to call me again. 
Understand?”  
     She kept her head down and nodded. Karl opened the front door and she walked out. 
  
     After Kristen left the building, a beautiful woman wearing a black silk robe entered the room with the crosses. She gave a quick bow and greeted the Masters.  
     “Alright, gentlemen, you can relax now. We have previewed your guest selection and they are now approved to move on to the final level. Even their DNA results are back in and were satisfactory. In fact, they rated quite high.”       One of the men removed his hood, “Phew! Glad that’s over, I was getting pretty heated up in this outfit. It’s easy to 
do around these very sexy inductees.”  
     He then arrogantly spoke to the supervisor, “Well, I would hope that my girl passed. You know that I have been looking for the perfect choice for quite some time. They don’t get any better than her. Mistress, you need to tell your bosses that these portable dungeons are too sterile and not very exciting. 
I prefer my own.”  
     The man next to him laughed and laid down his whip,          “I am surprised yours even passed the I.Q. testing. Mine is alright for now, but I am off to Sweden to find me a natural blonde. I need those carpets to match the drapes.”       He lit up a cigar, “Do you two want to jet over there with me? My pilot is waiting at the airport. As usual, it is just a day trip and I am writing it off as a business expense.”      The third man answered, “Sure, we’ll go with you. We don’t have much time left to keep doing this. I am not even sure my heart can hold out much longer.”    
     The men then went into the adjacent room to change back into their business suits. 
       The supervisor managed a smile, “Enjoy your trip and we look forward to seeing you soon. Please fill out our client survey before you leave.” She then hopped on a small stool and reached up to unshackle the guests from the crosses they were hanging from.  
     A young attendant came into the room and stood by her as she passed him the black veils. They were carefully folded, bagged, and then laid on a shelf. He then handcuffed each guest and helped them over to the iron chairs along the wall. 
As they sat, each were handed a cold bottle of Pellegrino. 
     The male candidate wet his lips and then licked at his sore wrists, “That wasn’t as easy as I thought it would be. My Mid-West recruiter didn’t tell me that hanging me like “frickin” Christ was part of the process. 
     The supervisor slapped him, “Silence! You know how you are to address me. You are not allowed to speak, or you will be deleted from the invitation list. You don’t want to ruin your chances of ending up with your very rich man, do you? You have finally charmed him and more importantly, you have now earned “our” approval. Why ruin it at this point?”      The candidate bowed his head, “Please forgive me Mistress, I know that I have wrongly spoken. Of course, I cherish this opportunity.” 
     She smiled, shoved a gag deep into his mouth, and took away his water. “Maybe, this will help you remember even more.” The two other guests kept their heads lowered. They knew the value of finally being accepted.  
     To increase their chances, they had abandoned their modeling careers two years ago and their “designated” agents had them audition in various playrooms across the globe until they found the right fit for them.    
     They now had the great fortune of being approved today for the two men that presented them for the inspection. Their new Masters ranked high on Forbes Wealthiest list and were prominently displayed in the Who’s Who.  
     It was a long road ahead for the girls and they were fully prepared to serve their Master and his friends. They hoped it might even lead to a marriage proposal. 
     The supervisor was now satisfied that the guests were sufficiently secured and she turned off the lights. She then proceeded upstairs to the office.  
     The three men that had earlier watched Kristen, were now seated at their desks. Harris, Hicks, and Hart ran this special department and directly dealt with the “assets”. Their 
mentor had groomed them tirelessly through the years to take on this important role. These men also started out their career as inductees long ago when they were rescued from the crime-ridden streets of London’s Brixton section.        
     Hicks shook his head, “That Stratford girl is quite a catch. 
But I don’t think Karl is going to have any luck breaking her. 
Her blood is too rich. And, it’s too sweet for my tastes.”      The supervisor entered and the three looked up and frowned at her. They had been watching the Cross Room on camera. 
     She looked worried at their reaction, “I am sorry Mr. 
Hicks, is there something that displeases you gentlemen?”      “That male nominee had a lot of nerve to be sassing off. It seems that he was not correctly conditioned and you would be the one to blame for that. You were his direct report.” Hicks sternly replied. 
     Hart spoke with disdain, “You seem to be slipping Mistress and yet you still act holier than thou. Maybe you need a time-out on the cross?” 
     She looked very distressed and kneeled on one leg, “You may do as you please with me sir. I am here to serve, not question.” 
     Harris, the group lead, walked over and gave her a pat on the head, “Now, that is the correct way to respond. If those candidates acted like that in front of “him”, then all hell would come down on us. We are in charge of this project and the only ones accountable. I hope that our grand efforts here will be appreciated. Such “sacrifices” we have to make for this life.”  
     Hart laughed, “You are so right! We are off to eat now. Are you coming with Mistress?” 
     “Not today,” was her reply. She gave a deep sigh of relief, 
	then a chuckle, and returned to the office. 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
4 SHARK BEACH 
  

     Kristen waited the whole week and the following months for Karl to phone her. It never happened. She couldn’t get him out of her mind and she wondered if Karl had somehow hypnotized her. It made her restless knowing that she could not have him. It was maddening he wouldn’t call her!        More than ever, Kristen could feel that she was becoming a different person. It was a strange sensation that she could not control. It also seemed that Karl had brought her bad luck.  
     The week after she last saw him, Kristen lost her young mother to a botched cosmetic surgery. And, as soon as she was lowered into the ground, her father became husband number three for the local darling of Chicago society. Their obvious two-year affair had now risen to the surface and she made sure that he had no opportunity to find someone else while he was now free. To avoid any questions, Arthur had arranged for a quickie Vegas wedding and then the newlyweds took off for a lengthy honeymoon.  
     The bliss did not last for long. While in Barcelona, Arthur was engaged in a lively game of tennis when he suddenly dropped face-down on top of his custom Gucci sunglasses from a heart attack. There was not a gray hair in sight and throughout their circle the initial catty rumors about his new Gold-Digger wife were now interlaced with the term Black Widow. 
      Kristen was very sad to lose her father, but it pained her that it had been so easy for Arthur to move on. It was so disrespectful to her mother’s memory. It appeared to Kristen that her father just needed beautiful women to wear on his arm. She also felt that the Stratford children had been part of the show. They had always looked like the perfect family smiling from the gold framed photo on the desk at his office. Only when needed, it was pulled out of a drawer, brushed off by his secretary and strategically placed in front of the clients.  
     Kristen now felt herself changing her attitude about men. She thought, “I hope no man ever treats me solely as a possession. I am never going to let someone else define my existence.” She almost let Andrew get away with it and now she knew that she had to guard her heart. 
     The widow was not very happy that she only received Arthur’s life insurance proceeds, sizable interest pay-outs from the estate, and access to the Stratford properties. So, she had another face-lift and immediately began her search for a new man to take care of her.  
     Kristen was now considered broke, at least by peer standards, and skillfully squeaked by on her “meager” trust fund. Long ago, her father had set it up to ensure that his offspring never became spoiled. It was his way of still controlling them from the grave. The “big” inheritance would not be available until the stepmother was well out of the picture. 
     Her two older sisters and brother John suffered greatly when their kingdom crashed around them. But soon they learned how to stroke the stepmother for their monthly hand-outs, and were lucky when a family heirloom was reluctantly doled out to them from time to time.  
     Mrs. Stratford had always wanted her youngest to have a stress-free life of the Garden Club, charity balls, and an ATM card that never came up declined. But again, that plan was never part of Kristen’s goals. Either way, it obviously tanked, and the debutante’s future was now looking bleaker.      Kristen never let her new financial status get her down. She worked part-time writing articles for fashion magazines while finishing off college a semester early. She was very busy and had no time, nor the desire, to feel sorry for herself. She kept herself surrounded by fun friends and good times. Without her parents, she only had herself to rely on now and she had to remain strong. 
  
     It was now late fall and the winds blew away the last of the leaves on the trees. Kristen definitely felt that this was the right time for her to now leave Chicago. Palm Beach was the place that made her happiest, and of course, she would prefer to be lazing in the sun, instead of freezing.  
     But instead of floating in the pool of the Stratford estate, like her stepmother probably was, Kristen would be looking for some type of cheap rental down the road. 
     She loved Palm Beach! The flowers were always in bloom and tropical birds abounded, with the white egrets replacing the black sparrows that she was used to seeing up north. Being on a barrier island, it always had that extra humidity, with a cooling wind that always lulled her into a tranquil state. It made her dry winter skin feel moist and delicious, and her mind was always rested. She knew she needed to be there. 
      Within the week, Kristen was ready to go. Her car was going on a transport and she splurged for a first-class ticket out of O’Hare.  
      She had a smooth flight and the more up-scale and peaceful Palm Beach International was a welcome sight. As she drove a short distance from the airport, Kristen could see the bridge to the island ahead of her. Crossing the 
Intracoastal bridge, she was greeted by the magnificent royal palms as they lined themselves in a meticulous row along each side of avenue.    
     She could almost hear the echoes of the carriages that delivered the first aristocratic families of the past, including her great-grandparents, to their winter playground. She too had returned to her promised land and looked forward to getting up early the next morning to see the sun rise over the ocean. It had been a long time since she had done this and it would signify another new beginning… 
      
     The horizon emerged from nowhere, cascading deep reds into the abyss. It hung heavy above the water, devoid of motion. Suddenly, a large black fin shot up, growing larger and menacing in silhouette against the shadows. 
     Kristen jolted up from behind the wheel of her rental car and watched it make a stealth pass through the few feet of water just off the shore. It then seemed to melt back into the dark. She could not believe that she finally saw her first shark! And, so close! She pulled her car closer to the curb and awaited the sunrise.  
     Kristen noticed that as soon as the sky began to brighten, that the waves started up again and gently rolled into the shore. She could now see the dim outlines of a few people on the beach and more early birds sitting in two cars down the block from her. It seemed that the redness only developed more. She got out of the car and sifted through the sand to the water hoping to see the shark again.  
     She sat down on the damp beach perching on top of her hands and noticed a couple approaching about a hundred feet from her. They kicked off their shoes and ran into the water.  
     Kristen knew she should warn them but kept silent. She cringed when they took a dive right where the shark had been. It was like watching a movie and she felt she couldn’t move or speak. The pair laughed and played around as Kristen witnessed with morbid curiosity. The shark did not re-surface. She was slightly surprised by the fact she never said anything to them.  
     Her thoughts were interrupted when she spotted an elderly man on the beach attired in a classy business suit. As he came closer, she noticed that he was carrying a large bag and seemed to be bending over picking up objects on the shoreline. 
     Kristen squinted her eyes but could not determine what they were. After a few minutes, he was right in front of her. 
     “That’s odd. He is wearing dress shoes.” 
     He poked around in the sand with a wooden cane and pulled up a long piece of damp and shredded black lace.       She noticed that his bag was filled with them, so Kristen called out to him.  
     “Are those tablecloths that you are picking up? She rose to her feet and looked closer.  
     “Are they hat veils?”  
     The man seemed very calm and replied, “They are nothing for you to be concerned about. Please forget that you ever saw them. You will be safer that way.” 
     Kristen then tried to engage him in conversation.      “Wow, did you see that shark? It was so close. I did not know that sharks came near the shore.” 
     The man answered, “They particularly enjoy the north end of the island by the country club. They visit often as they migrate back up to the mainland.” 
     Kristen laughed, “Well, that’s it. I am never swimming in the ocean again!” 
     The man looked at her coldly, “They come in quite handy sometimes.” He tied up his bag and walked away toward the street. Kristen thought he was pretty strange and she kept her distance as she walked back to her car. She saw him get into the back of a black Rolls Royce. There seemed to be three other men in there, also wearing fancy business suits.        
     She sat on the edge of her car seat and wiped the sand from her feet. Then, she gave one last loving look toward the ocean and drove to her hotel.  
     Later that day, Kristen obtained a copy of the Palm Beach Daily News. It was fondly nicknamed the “Shiny Sheet” by the locals. She only saw a few ads for house rentals. There was a month-to-month place near the beach. It cost an incredible amount but it was perfect for Kristen’s needs.       Sight unseen, she pounced on it and sealed the deal over the phone with their property manager. In Palm Beach, that’s what you had to do. Rentals were rare and went fast.        After her moving truck arrived from Illinois the next day, she went over to pick up the key from the realtor. The owner planned to eventually sell the small house, so it was empty when Kristen showed up. They had kept the pool open and Kristen jumped right in. 
     Later, the owner decided to come by and personally bring her the final papers to sign off on. Kristen was in the pool when he walked up and surprised her. He was in his seventies, very distinguished looking, and his hair was obviously dyed black. He was down south taking care of a few details before heading back to New York where they had another estate.  
     It seemed that he was enjoying the time away from his wife and he asked, “Can I join you in the pool?”  
     Kristen detected an Italian accent. She said, “Sure.”  
     He added, “I’m sorry, but I don’t have a suit with me.”     
     Laughing nervously, she quickly started up the pool ladder, “I think I have already had too much sun today. I am going inside. But you can go ahead and swim.”   
  He walked up to her and stroked her arm. “Come on, you’ve got a great body. No one will know.”  
     Kristen put her towel around her and started to walk back into the house. 
      He followed her, “I’ll lower the rent. Let’s party.”       She smartly answered, “I’m saving myself for Le Bar tonight.”     
     The landlord smiled in agreement. The bar was the newest “beautiful people” spot on the island and everyone wanted to be seen there. He then invited her to go to dinner with him at Club Collette, an exclusive restaurant which was only for members. Kristen loved the place and had often dined there with her parents, so she eagerly accepted the offer.      That evening, the landlord showed up in a chauffeured Rolls, which was standard transportation for the Palm Beach crowd. It was a very short drive to get to the restaurant.       Club Colette was a beautiful building set back hidden on a narrow street. If you didn’t know to look for it, you could easily miss seeing its small white gate. As they walked in, the room was filled with expensive perfume and pretentious toupees. 
     It was a much older crowd than she expected. The Palm Beach Originals may be getting on in years, but the new money hadn’t quite taken over the island yet; and they still ruled supreme. Club Colette was one of their last holdouts and Kristen felt like she was at a party at her grandparents.          They had a wonderful meal and many glasses of wine. As she finished her dessert, her landlord knew she was frothing at the mouth to get over to Le Bar. She really wanted to see what all the buzz was about.  
     He escorted her to the front area, leaving her by a wall while he went to the Men’s Lounge. Kristen posed and smiled as the crowd walked past.  
     A very impressive figure approached her. His black silk shirt was unbuttoned to his chest and enhanced his sculpted muscles. He had long blonde hair and looked like a bronzed god, straight off the cover of a drugstore romance novel. Best of all, he looked to be around her age. 
     She stood to the side to let him by, but he walked right up and took her hand. He held it lightly in the air as he leaned over to kiss it and introduce himself. 
     “Hello Beautiful.” He brushed a long bang to the side of his forehead and smiled at her, “I have been watching you all night. I am Gregory.”  
     Kristen laughed, “I am Kristen Stratford.” 
     “What will it take to get you to go somewhere and dance with me?” He kissed her hand again. 
  Before she could tell him that she was going to Le Bar, her landlord returned. He gave Gregory a nasty look as he grabbed her arm.  
     “Come on Honey, it’s time to go home.”  
     Gregory looked confused as The Landlord tried to pull Kristen away from him. She looked back and forth at the two of them, and was ready to say something, when her landlord whispered into her ear.    
     “That guy is one of the most loathsome “Lotharios” on the island. I don’t care for the company he keeps. You do not want to ever meet his friends from the country club. I have heard that they are probably a bunch of Devil worshippers. They do some kinky stuff in there. You need to go with me now.” 
 Kristen gave Gregory a worried look and didn’t say a word. The Landlord did it for her. He firmly said “We are going now. Enjoy your evening Sir.” He turned Kristen around and steered her toward the door.   
     Gregory sputtered, “Who is that guy? Your father? Where are you going?” The Landlord shot Gregory an angry look. Kristen glanced back at him and smiled as she was walked off.      
     When they went back to the Rolls, Kristen climbed into the back seat and guarded her knees from The Landlord with her clutch. He smiled a lot at her. Maybe he thought he was going to get lucky at some point; he was probably used to it.  
      He was full of information about Gregory and gave Kristen an earful as they drove. Kristen was not that appreciative of his cautionary words and did not reply. She thought Gregory was hot and was tempted to jump out and walk back to Club Colette to find him.  
     He then changed the subject and looked down at her legs, 
“I see you didn’t wear nylons. I like that.”  
     “I know that’s how the girls roll on the island.”     
     He answered, “You are right dear. You fit right in. You are a lot classier than most of them, especially for your age. And, that gorgeous hair, very popular here.”  
     He lowered his voice, "I hope you are old enough to drink. 
You had wine at dinner and I don’t want to go to jail.”  
     She nodded her head affirmatively. My birthday was on 
August 8th. I’m a Leo."  
     He chuckled like a dirty old man, “Well, then young lioness, it looks like we are going to Le Bar after all and I am relieved that I do not have to report to the Clinker. And, now that I know that you are too old for me, I’ll have to go easy on you.”  
     Kristen smiled, “By the way, I don’t even know your first name. You kind of scribbled it on the lease.” He looked surprised as he pulled out a bottle of champagne from the liquor cabinet.  
     “Why, I am Rosario, of course. Rosario of Palm Beach.” From his seat, he tried to give her a sweeping bow. 
     “Is that your first name or last?”  
     He shrugged and said, “Does it matter? I am like Cher! 
Everyone knows me. I just need one name.” 
      “OK then,” Kristen laughed. She looked around the car  saying, “It seems all the men on the island have at least one 
Rolls.”  
     “This is just my car when I am planning to drink, so that I can have my chauffeur. I have four other cars that I had shipped over from my favorite house, which is in Milan. I do all the driving with those babies!”  
     He started naming them off, “Testarossa, Lamborghini…”       Kristen cut him off, “OK, I know all of those. That’s great. I especially love Ferraris!” 
     Rosario whispered in her ear, “Stick with me for a month and I will buy you one.” Kristen looked sideways at him. He looked serious.  
     She teased him, “Well, let’s see if we can make it through this bottle of champagne first.”  
     The driver pulled up to the parking lot of Le Bar and parked. Rosario gave her a disapproving look, “This bubbly is one of the finest. It is for sipping and enjoying. If you want to get drunk, we’ll go inside now.” He seemed a little bossy.       Not that she would ever consider him to be one, but she needed to adjust herself for these cultured conquests. She was still in her advanced Palm Beach adult learning phase and she had to act less excited. 
     Kristen smirked, “Oh please, I never drink just to get drunk. Give me some credit.” Then she smiled, “Yes, let’s go 
inside. I want to see how great it is.” 
     Rosario had the driver pull out of the spot and take them all the way to the front door, which was only 10 feet away. 
The Manager made a special trip outside to greet him.               “Rosario! I have your favorite table ready by the dance floor. It’s good to see you again.”  
     He smiled at Kristen, “Any friend of Rosario’s is now my friend. I am here to provide you with anything you need. Tell me your name and I will keep you on our list.”  
     She cheerfully handed him her card and thanked him. She was ready to officially and legally, fit in with the island nightlife and she knew that this was a major asset needed to survive in Palm Beach. Being a VIP always had its perks.       Lately, Le Bar was trying to keep gawkers and nonessentials out by charging a steep cover and making them wait in long lines. And, during Season, those unfortunates simply did not get in. It was just too crowded, every day of the week.  
     Contrary to belief, the local patrons were not snooty and were usually very friendly. But that was only if they knew you belonged there. The bartenders were also a lot of fun and openly poured drinks. The more they liquored up the crowd; the better the tips. They went through countless bottles pleasing the patrons and not the owner’s coffers.      Kristen looked around and noticed there were plenty of girls that were much younger than she was. It seemed the same rules about being underage didn’t apply when you were in Palm Beach. It was like its own little kingdom.      The couple was taken to Rosario’s table and handed menus. Kristen wasn’t hungry and decided to just order an appetizer.  
     Rosario waved to a group of girls and they came over and sat down. He had them all order a full dinner and then teased Kristen about being skinny. She finally gave in and asked for a chicken sandwich. 
     The other girls were all trying to hit on Rosario. They needed a Sugar Daddy to take care of them. Rosario was only interested in Kristen and once the other girls had eaten, he encouraged them to go find partners on the dance floor.       When they moved on, he said, “Thank God, now I have you to myself. They were giving me a headache with all that girl talk.” 
     Rosario kept refilling her glass and tried to keep her at the table. Kristen finally stood up and announced “I really want to dance. I’ve got to work off this food.”  
     Rosario yawned, “Tonight, I am not in the mood to boogie. Please just sit here with me.” 
     Kristen said “I’ve got to move! I’m getting worn out sitting.” She started to walk in the direction of the other girls.       Rosario called out, “I will wait for you. Please behave yourself.” Kristen waved at him and cheerfully strolled up to a herd of men that the girl group had already surrounded.      Kristen had a great time dancing and mingling with the others and easily met several men. They always welcomed a fresh young face to the scene. After a while, her feet called it a night. Her heels were too high to be comfortable and she winced in pain as she slowly walked back to Rosario.         His table was filled with women again and they were also standing around him. Kristen recognized two popular soap opera stars. It sounded like Rosario was telling them a wild tale when she came up to them.  
     A waiter hurriedly added a chair for her and put her right next to him. Rosario patted her knee “You are such a beauty!”  
     Kristen smiled at him “Grazie Rosario!”       Rosario was impressed with her Italian and he dramatically shooed the women away, “I want to give you a ride home now. But no other girls are allowed.”  
     “That’s OK, I guess I am pretty tired.”  
     The Manager walked up to Rosario to bid him 
“Arrivederci.” He smiled at Kristen, “Take good care of him.”       Kristen gave him a special look so he knew she had no intentions of any hanky-panky with Rosario. The Manager seemed to understand her and laughed,  
     “Kristen, I’ll see you back here soon and I will personally keep you happy.” He gave her a wink and then attempted a flirtatious pat on her butt. Kristen expertly scooted forward to slip away from his hand. Rosario was walking ahead and didn’t notice anything. 
     When they went outside, Kristen was expecting to see the Rolls-Royce and the chauffeur. Instead, Rosario must have had someone bring him his race car, because a hot red Ferrari Testarossa was revving up in front.  
     “You said you liked Ferraris. So, we ride in my Ferrari. Let’s take it out on the turnpike and go somewhere more exciting.”  
     Kristen smiled, “It is very nice Rosario, but you said you were taking me home.”  
     Rosario gunned the engine, “Then let’s go!”   
     Kristen jumped in and they tore out of there with a big screech. Everyone in the lot turned to look. 
 They zoomed over the Intracoastal Bridge and took a fast turn on Flagler Avenue.  
     As he was pushing harder on the pedal, Kristen cried out, “Please go slower, you’re going to kill us! You know you are going the wrong way, don’t you? Palm Beach is back there.”      Rosario laughed, “I take life as fast as it can go. You need to play hard to live longer.” 
     He then did a few more laps down the side-streets of West Palm, drove back over the bridge to the island, and deposited her back at her house.  
     Safe again, she quickly got out of the vehicle saying, “Thanks for dinner and the club. They were great.”  
     Rosario knew Kristen had no interest in him and it did not bother him. He had enough young girlfriends to keep him occupied and they never challenged him.  
     He answered, “You are so very welcome.” He gave her a tired kiss on the cheek, “I will call you.”    
  “How can you call me if you don’t know my number? I didn’t put it on the lease.”  
     Rosario said as he sped off, “Don’t worry about it. Ciao.”       “These rich men are strange characters. You never know what they want or what they are thinking.” 
     Kristen woke up early the next morning and noticed that the transport had delivered her car. She was glad to see it. She then called the car rental branch to pick that one up.       The sun looked inviting and she decided to walk to the beach instead of staying by her pool. She always managed to get a much better tan at the ocean.  
     The beach was barren and she enjoyed that she was the only one there. But, even with thoughts of Gregory keeping her warm, Kristen soon started to get bored.  
     After an hour had passed, two girls crossed the sand and laid their towels down by her. The trio started talking and she learned that their names were Linda and Melanie. They hit it off right away and it seemed that Kristen now had the good fortune to meet up with kindred spirits that were also her age.  
     The girls were from Southern California and were staying in Palm Beach at a Penthouse condo owned by Melanie’s company. Linda was a hairdresser and was very obvious about it. She also liked to do all of the talking. 
     “The condo is off of Bradley Place and it is uber-expensive. 
Melanie’s boss lets us stay there whenever we want.”  
     She flipped up her long black ponytail with a flourish. 
Kristen noticed that Linda constantly smoothed it out and twiddled it as she talked. She had a defined Valley Girl twang and dressed the part. 
     Kristen giggled and asked Melanie, “So, do you have something going on with him?  
     Melanie didn’t answer, but Linda shook her add to affirm it, and exclaimed, “It is such a deal! I wish I had that type of arrangement with men so I could stay at different places around the world.” She pulled out her hairbrush and started re-arranging Melanie’s hair. 
     Kristen laughed. She knew these new friends were going to be very interesting to be with. They had quite a season ahead of them.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
5 SLOW DANCE 
  
     As Palm Beach went into full swing, Melanie and Linda flew in almost every week-end from Los Angeles. They spent the next four months together hitting up every club on the Gold Coast.  
     They also enjoyed long afternoons on a boat that they rented from a near-by marina. Linda could steer slightly better than the others and took on the role of captain, complete with the white hat.  
     As they puttered down the Intracoastal, the girls enjoyed the attention that they received from the men on the other boats. They found it to be a very useful dating tool and they never missed a sandbar party off Peanut Island. 
     It was nothing but fun all the time and they avidly took out jet skis on the ocean and snorkeled on the other days. A few day trips to Key West and the Gulf Coast rounded it off. Kristen was brown as a nut and her hair lightened considerably. 
     Kristen was feeling more adventurous whenever the sun set. And, on this enticing evening, she called up Linda, Melanie, and a few other girls to go with her to a new nightclub on the island. It was on the lower level of a historic building which was located on Sunrise Avenue.      The club was going through another one of its reincarnations. Every other season, the place would fold up, remodel, and change its name. It was always a place to go, but it never really caught on, no matter how exclusive it was, what its name was, or what famous chef or group owned it. It seemed like the lot had a curse on it. What made it popular, was that it was one of two restaurant bars on the island that had late hours.    
     Kristen sparkled herself up and put on her most comfortable dancing shoes. Their group arrived fashionably late after midnight and was immediately seated at one of the reserved tables.  
     They were having a great time while waiting for Linda to show up. She decided to have a late work-out and then was driving over in her own rental car. 
     When she finally walked into the club, she was wearing a short blonde wig. Melanie laughed at her, “What’s up with the wig Linda? Did you finally learn that the blondes do have more fun?”   
     Kristen grinned and poofed up her own hair,  
     “Just how did you manage to fit your ponytail under it? I don’t even see any black hairs sticking out. Good job.”      Linda stuck out her tongue at both of them, “The hair dryer at the fitness center wasn’t strong enough to take on my hair. And, when I got to the Penthouse, I still did not have the time. So, I just wetted it down and stuck it in this old wig that Melanie’s boss had in our condo closet. It probably belongs to one of his ex-wives.” 
     “It is more likely his. Don’t wreck it, or I am sure I will hear all about it from him when he flies down again. He told us not to mess with his stuff.” Melanie reminded her.      Linda pulled out her compact and gazed in the mirror.       “You know, I look pretty good. Maybe, I will add some lighter highlights to my hair, or go completely blonde.”      One of the other girls scoffed, “That will cost a fortune to switch from jet black to blonde. You will need a really good colorist that’s better than you are, or you will probably turn a crazy orange tone.” Linda stuck out her tongue even longer.      The small room was packed and the music was blasting louder, so it was now hard to hear each other. It was surprising that any of the sleeping occupants of the condominium floors above them could tolerate it. 
Kristen sipped at her glass of wine observing the dancers turning colors under the disco lights. She noticed right away that Gregory, her luscious hunk from Club Colette was there. He was dancing with two women. Kristen patiently waited for him to recognize her.  
     After twenty minutes, Gregory was still on the floor and it was apparent that he was oblivious to his surroundings. Kristen grabbed one of her girlfriends and swished her way out through the dancers. She moved right up on him with her body about three inches behind his. She stepped backwards and gave him a little thump. He bumped and grinded hard right back on her. 
   He then turned around laughing and began dancing and rubbing all over her.  
     He yelled above the noise and into her ear,       “You don’t think I noticed you, did you? What’s the matter, are you jealous? You had to have me?”  
     Gregory then made it obvious to his dance partners that their time was up and they sulked off. Kristen was again magnetized by Gregory’s charm and she couldn’t pull herself from him. How could she not be attracted to this rugged Norse warrior. He was gorgeous, tan, and his muscles were even more ripped than before, with every one of them protruding from his tight white pants.  
     Gregory held her closely and pushed his lips into hers. She felt the warmth of his breath and they stood transfixed in the middle of the dance floor as they welded together. The room seemed to spin around as they kissed. 
     Gregory whispered, “We are getting out of here. I am crazy for you. I have to have you now!”  
     They walked off the floor with Kristen hanging on him. 
She had long been waiting for this moment.    
     As they reached the front door, she gave a weak wave to her surprised friends. Gregory pointed at Linda, “Is that your friend? What’s her name? 
     Kristen laughed, “She’s from California. It is too far away 
for you. I’m the one you want. Remember?” 
     Gregory left Kristen standing and walked straight up to Linda. He whispered in her ear, “I will be back for you later. 
Wait here for me. Don’t tell anyone. You are all mine now.” 
He gave her arm a strong squeeze, “Understand?” 
     Linda said, “Of course, I will wait for you.” She giggled, “You are so hot! No one needs to know.” She discreetly slipped him her phone number. She had pre-written it on a napkin when she arrived at the disco, in case she met anyone. 
     Gregory kissed Linda’s hand and then walked back and grabbed Kristen’s arm, “Let’s go sexy. I am ready for you now.”  
     He pulled Kristen against him so she could feel exactly what he meant. Her eyes rolled back into her head; Gregory was working his black magic again.  
     Over the months since she met Karl, Kristen had a hard time suppressing the erotic feelings that she had during her encounter with him. It was obvious that he had deeply unsettled her and now nothing was more seductive to her than slow dancing with danger. It left her with an unfulfilled hunger for new thrills. She was more than willing for Gregory to do as he desired with her now. And it seemed that she had no other choice, like Karl; he had a strange power over her. She couldn’t understand why. 
     Gregory grabbed his keys from the valet and headed to his Bugatti Veyron which was placed right at the front door. He gave it a pat on the hood as he walked past it. While unzipping his pants, he nudged Kristen toward a tall hedge at the side of the parking lot.  
“No, no,” Kristen scolded, “Not here, not here.” 
     Without a word, Gregory went back to his car. He lifted Kristen up and loaded her into it. He kept the top down and they drove off at a high speed.  
     Kristen noticed a tattered piece of black lace on his rearview mirror that was flapping wildly in the wind.  
     She pointed at it, “What’s that?”  
     Gregory looked toward it, “Oh, that’s just something from a friend’s wedding. She’s not with us anymore.” 
     Kristen laughed, “She wore a black dress?”  
     Gregory looked uncomfortable and twirled his finger around it to roll it back up, tucking it back out of sight behind the mirror.  
     They continued to his ocean estate which was located at the end of the island and arrived at the gates in less than four minutes.  
     As they pulled in the circular driveway, Kristen asked, “Do you live here?” 
     Gregory wanted to avoid the question, “Naw, I just stay here as a guest from time to time.” 
     Gregory kept his arm tightly around Kristen as they walked through the front door. The house was very dark looking, both inside and out. The pitted wooden walls were painted brown and reminded Kristen of an old ship’s galley. Rustic chandeliers hung in all of the rooms. Although it was immaculately decorated, it still looked like no one actually lived there. 
     As they walked in, Kristen could have sworn that she heard footsteps and then a door slam.” She gave Gregory a worried look, “Is there someone else here?” 
     He answered, “No, of course not,” and began pulling off her party dress. He tossed it on the foyer floor and then flipped her over his shoulder like a caveman.  
     As he carried her upstairs, he took little bites on her thighs and brought her into a room with a large Victorian bed.  
     Kristen was overtaken by desire as he pushed her downwards and propped the satin pillows underneath her legs. As he spread them apart, he stroked her deeply until he had her completely inflamed. He then thrusted himself forward.  
     His rigid loins moved her body with unrelenting passion and pushed her up against the headboard. He withdrew slowly as he teased her with his fingers until she sat up and pulled him back into her. Her muscles stretched and clamped onto him like a vice.  
     Kristen moaned as the sensation overwhelmed her and they both ascended to a shattering finish.  
     “Oh my God” she cried out! Kristen lay there breathing heavily.  
     Gregory wiped away his moist hair from his shoulders and arrogantly said, “I’m a bit much to handle. Aren’t I?” He knew he had her under his spell.  
     He suddenly jumped up, “Let’s go. I want to get back to the club and find another girl or two to have a second tumble with. Maybe you can join us.” He left her alone on the bed as he went downstairs. 
     Kristen continued lying helpless on the sheets. She thought she could hear noises in the room next to her, like someone was moaning. It sounded like they were calling for help. Then she figured that it was just the wind. It was very strong by the ocean. 
      “Kristen? Are you coming down? Chop, Chop girl!”      Minutes later, Kristen joined him. Feeling unsteady, she slowly gathered her dress from the floor and put it on. 
Gregory tried to kiss her and she turned away.  
“I didn’t appreciate your last comment. Too bad, Gregory, I guess you are just like the rest of them. I thought you were different.” 
     He laughed, “I’m just getting started. There are a lot of beautiful women on this island and they all want me.”      Kristen asked him seriously, “Are you sure that no one is in the house? I thought I heard some kind of crying sounds coming from the room next to us.” 
     Gregory laughed, “Don’t worry. This is not a haunted house. Kind of looks like it, but it’s not. My friend would be insulted to hear you say that.” 
     Kristen asked, “Who is your friend?”  
     Gregory’s eyes lowered, “He is someone who you would never want to meet alone. Let’s go.” 
     Kristen still didn’t think he was amusing and refused to talk to him on the drive back to the club. She thought maybe it was better if she did lose her powerful attraction to him. 
He was not good for her. 
     When they pulled up, Kristen asked him, “What did you say to Linda when we were leaving earlier?” 
     Gregory looked insulted, “Who?” 
     Kristen looked annoyed at him and said nothing. Now she just wanted to call her friends to meet her outside, and then leave. She felt so used. 
     Before she could locate her phone, Gregory put his arm around her waist and made her go back into the night spot.       “Oh, come on Linda,” He chuckled, “Whoops, I mean Kristen. I was just kidding you about finding some more women. You are totally all I need; I had a great time. 
Honest.” 
      He kissed her cheek, “Wait here for me. I have to go call one of my buddies. I need to cancel my early tee time tomorrow.” 
    He walked into a hallway and Kristen could easily see him engaging in an animated conversation. It seemed obvious that he was talking to a female. 
     It was almost 3 AM and there were even more people arriving. Kristen looked around and did not see her girlfriends anywhere. 
     Gregory returned and bought her some shots. She warmed back up to him slightly. He was then all over her again and it was obvious that he would be bringing her back to his place for the night.      
     They found themselves back on the lighted floor and he held her tightly as the music played a slow dance. She could still feel his moist heat between her raw legs and she was ready for him again.  
     Kristen laid her head on his shoulder and buried her nose into his neck. As she closed her eyes, she gently moved her body with his.  
     “You SLIMY RUNT!”  
     Kristen was rudely pushed to the side, as a tall darkhaired woman screamed and started pounding on Gregory with her fists. She reached over to a near-by table, grabbing a full glass of red wine and threw it at his head.  
     Gregory had no time to duck and his white clothes were soaked with stains. He retreated from the floor, pulling the offender with him. They disappeared into the shadows.       Kristen walked behind them, but couldn’t keep up, and didn’t see which room they walked off to.      
     Now out of Kristen’s sight, Gregory led the woman into a backroom. He started yelling at her, “You are going to ruin everything. You were told not to come here tonight. You must leave now; I need to attend to something. But I might need your help tomorrow...” 
      The woman quietly replied, “I am sorry Gregory. I know I am wrong and I will leave.” She left out a fire exit. The music drowned out the alarm. 
     Kristen resumed the search for her friends and finally found Melanie sitting in a corner. She asked, “Where is everyone?”  
     Melanie said, “The girls are in the restroom. We are getting ready to go.” 
     Kristen said, “Well, Gregory left for good, so I guess that I am leaving now too.” 
     Melanie said, “It’s funny. I have not seen Linda in a while. She received a phone call and went out to the parking lot, soon after you walked in with that guy.” 
     Kristen looked around, “You sure she didn’t come back in? 
That’s strange. Why would she go outside without you?”      The other girls then walked up. Melanie asked, “So, did you see Linda in the Ladies’ room?” 
     One of them answered, “No, we can’t find her anywhere. 
She will be alright. Let’s go get some food.” 
     The group walked out to their car. Since Linda had driven herself in a rental car, they now assumed she left already. 
     Melanie saw Linda’s car still sitting where she parked it. 
She walked up to it and looked in the window. 
     “That’s weird? Why is her car still here? Did anyone see her meet anyone tonight?” 
     They all shook their heads and started to look concerned.      Melanie said, “Linda would not just disappear without telling me. I have known her too long. This does not make sense.” 
     Kristen tried to be helpful, “It is only two blocks back to your Penthouse. She probably walked there, or maybe she went down the block to the ocean. It is a beautiful night.”      Melanie looked satisfied, “Yes, that’s probably what she did. Well, let’s go eat, I am starving.” 
    The girls then drove off the island to a popular all-night diner in West Palm Beach. 
     The next morning, Melanie phoned Kristen.  
     “There is still no sign of her. I am totally worried. She is not answering her phone. It just goes dead and offers no voicemail. She is not responding to her texts either.”      Kristen answered, “I’ll come pick you up and we can drive around the island together and look for her.” 
     A short time later, she pulled up to her friends’ building. Melanie slowly walked out and was holding her phone in the air. She climbed in next to Kristen, “This is so weird. My phone keeps ringing, and it says it is from Linda, but no one is on the other end. It is just silent. This is getting too spooky. We should call the police.” 
     Kristen rubbed her shoulder, “Don’t worry yet. We will find her.” 
     Kristen started the car and said, “We need to go here first.” She then directly drove toward the house where Gregory was staying. Her obsession with him now overtook her thoughts about Linda. She was hoping to catch a glimpse of him and get an explanation out of him. She wanted to know who the woman was.  
     When they arrived, Kristen was surprised to see that his house was right next to a large country club. Melanie pointed at the bronze sign on the gate. It was the Whitestone Country Club! In fact, Gregory’s house was on the same property, with its own gate and driveway. 
     Kristen knew Palm Beach very well, but even as a child, she had never been to the farthest tip of the island before. Her own father had been a member of the Whitestone. All she could remember was that she was pretty sure that her mother had never been there. 
     Kristen pulled to the gate and pushed the intercom 
button. There was no answer. 
     Melanie looked at her like she was crazy, “What are we doing here?” 
     Kristen simply said, “I am looking for Gregory, I cannot get him out of my head. I need to see him.” 
     Melanie became mad, “We are supposed to be looking for Linda. What is wrong with you? You are acting nutty about this guy. I know he is cute. But, come on. Get real! Is he a club member?” 
     “No, I don’t think so. He said he’s just a guest. Probably has a relative or a friend who is a member. I think he is too young.” 
     Melanie laughed, “Just take me back to the Penthouse you lovestruck fool. You are useless to be of any help in your condition. I am going to make some calls.”  
     As they drove back, they swung by the disco. Linda’s car was no longer there.” 
     “I wondered if they towed it?” 
      “Linda probably went shopping somewhere. She is a grown-up, I don’t why you are thinking the worst.”      Melanie stepped out of the car when they reached her place, “I will keep you up-dated. No point in driving around.”       Three hours later, Kristen was getting ready to go for jog, when Melanie called. She now sounded calmer, “I just spoke to the rental company. They said that Linda’s car was brought back to the airport counter ten minutes ago. She was seen walking over in the direction of the domestic plane terminals. She didn’t even take the rental lot bus.”      Kristen said, “Well, that sounds like good news. So, I guess Linda has left to go back to California.” 
     “Maybe she did. I walked into her room and all her things are gone. She must have packed up while we were at the diner. She must be mad at me about something. This is so WEIRD!” 
     “Good. Case solved. Now I need to figure out how to find Gregory. I was going to take a run down his road. 
     Melanie was not interested, “Good luck with that girl. I am taking a flight back home today too. This has been too wild of a week for me. I will keep you posted.” 
     Kristen ran up and down the roads by the northern end, twice, and still did not see Gregory.  
     The next day she woke up right after dawn to look for him again. This was so unlike her to be so wrapped up in a new man. Kristen was slipping on her gym shoes, when Melanie called her from Los Angeles. 
     Kristen answered, “You are lucky I am up early, otherwise I would be hanging up on you right now for waking me up. I need to find Gregory.” 
      Melanie ignored the comment, “I got the weirdest text today from Linda. She said that she has gone to live with her rich aunt in Colorado and that she did not want to talk to me anymore. I have a key to her place and tried to open the door. But it looks like the locks were changed. All the window shades were even pulled down.” 
     Kristen was concerned, “That’s definitely more than strange. I wonder why she is doing this?” 
     Melanie grew angry, “If that witch does not want to be my friend. Then that is fine with me. She then laughed, “I will give you a call Kristen if, and when, I ever come back to Palm Beach. Bye Kristen, good luck with Greg, you’ll need it.”       In the following days, Kristen still didn’t see Gregory out at any of the places, on or off Palm Beach. She wondered if he was married to that woman and if that creepy house belonged to her. She recalled what her landlord said when she first met Gregory at Club Colette. Maybe he was someone that she should keep away from.  
     Kristen always believed that when things happened, they were meant to be. She also hoped she would know when someone was bad for her. Unfortunately, she was still working on that talent and had a long way to go.       Due to Easter being in late March this year, the season was headed for an abrupt finish. The whole island was festive, day and night, and even with the right connections, it was nearly impossible to get dinner reservations.  
     But you could sense it was shutting down, as people slowly disappeared and the events tapered off the Shiny Sheet’s social calendar, until it was blank.  
     After a short rest, the society pages would resume to reflect the summer galas in the Hamptons and Newport as the crusty crowd ventured on. These figureheads shunned the thought of being in Palm Beach at any other time and only showed up in the appropriate months. 
      And certain others, had their own way of celebrating the end of the season and the re-birth of spring…      On Good Friday, a large group of well-dresses men assembled at the north end of the island. As the tides rolled in, they huddled together smoking cigars as they watched the evening shadows turn the water to black.  
     Three limousines soon lined up in front of them and they simultaneously ground their stubs into the pavement and piled into the vehicles.      
     After a short cruise down Ocean Drive, the group alighted in front of a mansion located on a narrow-hedged street. The white cement wall, adorned with a large alabaster vulture, concealed their presence as they entered the building.       The men were excitedly greeted by several youthful hosts attired in white and wearing name badges. They helped slip off the men’s shoes and then knelt before them with their heads bowed.  
     A man with curly gray-blonde hair walked to the front and addressed the group, “Welcome to my home gentlemen. 
Today, it is serving as the local preview station and I am sure that you will find everything in order and to your liking.”      An older man walked up to him and shook his hand.         “Seriously Joe, we are not off-shore somewhere at one of the other hideaways. Aren’t they a bit young? This isn’t how we do things.” 
      “They are of age in all 50 states, and of course, all are certified disease-free. Male or female, I hope that you approve of my choices for the spring collection,” Joe replied with a chuckle, “It wasn’t easy to find such perfection.”      Another man laughed, I prefer to stick with the older and broken-in fillies for my stable.” The rest of the men smiled knowingly. 
     Joe frowned, “As you wish my friend. You are correct, sometimes the pros are more creative and easier to control. And, as always, the decision is left up to you men. I am just here to enhance your experience.” 
     The group proceeded to walk in front of the prospects. Some reached down to stroke their hair and hold their heads up in their hands, as they studied their bone structure and teeth. 
     After they were done with the examination, the older man picked up a clipboard from the table and began jotting down names. He then passed the list down the line as each man wrote in their preferences. Joe was then handed the results.      He looked down at the document, “Very well gentlemen, I will see that the preparations will be taken care of for the next step. Then, your choices will be delivered to your respective playrooms. Thank you for coming this evening.”       He then clapped and the youth rose and walked up a circular staircase. The men watched their bodies closely as they ascended. Joe followed behind them and mid-way he turned his head.  
     “Gentlemen, you know your way out. Please enjoy some refreshments before you go and of course, have a Happy Easter and a safe return up north.” A loud bang was heard as a heavy door closed on the upper level… 
     On Easter morning, as Kristen walked to the church services at Bethesda-By-The-Sea, she decided that she would make her return to Illinois right away instead of staying into April. Even though it was still a bit cold up north, she knew when it was time to go.  
     She called up Melanie that evening and relayed her plans. She added that she would start flying out to Los Angeles more to party there instead. 
     Kristen inquired, “So, did you hear anything from 
Linda yet?” 
     Melanie became huffy, “I told you she is no longer my friend. I am still confused. I was thinking about her texting that she was living with an aunt and I never heard before that she even had one. As far as I know, both her parents are dead and she never spent Christmas with anyone. She always said she had no relatives. No pets either.” 
     Kristen laughed, “She is too shallow to be the pet type. You know Linda could be a bit weird. And she was definitely a ridiculous flirt. What a man-eater.”      Melanie said, “That is right. No man was safe that came near her.” 
     She added, “Just give me a day’s notice if you fly out to Los Angeles and I will do the same. Maybe, I will even visit you in Chicago sometime. Au revoir.” 
     Kristen drove back to Chicago a few days later. She liked the idea of being less accessible and living the true island life, so she kept the Palm Beach house lease open.       She decided that she would go back to the island whenever she had a whim and hopefully, to have a fiery tryst poolside with Gregory. She could barely afford it and it would be costly having the two places, but she needed that spontaneity. It kept things more exciting!   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 BOTTOM FEEDERS 
  
     After only a week back home, Kristen felt like she needed to re-invent herself. She was concentrating again on her career and now that she had a her degree, a few of the top fashion magazines wanted to take her on as a regular contributor.  
     They planned to pay her well and liked that she had a fresh outlook with regards to the industry and trends. This extra income was certainly welcome and would help to feed her voracious wardrobe needs and demanding lifestyle.  
     She found that it was a big mistake returning to Chicago this early. The cold air was lingering under the thirty-degree mark and the ground was still frozen stiff. But Kristen could tell a late spring was coming here at some point, because she had the irresistible need to party and it was only a Tuesday night. Her favorite girlfriends also did not have permanent beaus at the time.       Her best friend Suzie drove the group to their favorite place on Rush Street, and they commandeered a choice table by the piano player and ordered Chocolate Martinis. The place was almost empty, except for the Rose Girls circling about.   
     Suzie remarked, “Where is everyone? This isn’t going to be good. Let’s just get one drink and try somewhere else.”  
     Kristen was sipping her martini, when one of the rose girls handed her a large American Beauty.    
     Kristen looked surprised. “This is for me? Who sent it?”  
     A man walked up to her. He was very, very, good looking and was dressed in a dark gray business suit. 
     Kristen fingered the stem. “You sent this? Do I know you?” 
     “You know me now. I’m Robert, I am from Los Angeles. Where else is there to go in “This here horse town?” Do you want to go down the block for some jazz? I have a driver outside.”  
     “My Mummy told me not to talk to strangers,” Kristen coyly answered, “I’m staying here. You can go by yourself; 
I am sure you will be just fine.”  
     Kristen turned her back on him and shoved her half empty glass toward the bartender.  
     “Here let me get that. Make it a double for the lady and all her friends, and give me a Jack straight up. And bring some more roses too.” He pushed his way in, clearing off the glasses on the bar.  
     Kristen looked annoyed, “Why should I even bother talking to you? You’ll just be on a plane tomorrow.”       “No, I’m staying for a while, I’m setting up a new branch for my company in Chicago. The babes are stuck with me for now. I’m going to become a fixture and make some lives miserable.”  
     He pleaded, “Come on, let’s do something wild.”            Kristen took a look at him and figured he was harmless. She was really bored and the evening's outlook looked pretty dismal, so she said, “OK, I’m game.”  
      Robert clapped his hands, “Hey, you know what girls? 
I don’t even know her name.”   
     “What a Vamp,” laughed Suzie, “You don’t even let men know your name anymore.”  
     “It’s Marilyn Monroe,” Kristen said cynically. 
     Suzie burst out, “It’s Kristen!” 
     “For that information, you get another drink.” Robert gave Suzie a kiss on her cheek. 
    "Seriously Kristen, there is a really great private party going on right now a few blocks away. A friend of mine from Hollywood is throwing it. Do you want to go?” 
     Kristen looked at him suspiciously and said slowly, 
     "I thought you said we were going for jazz.”  
     He said, “The party will be more fun. Let’s go. Where’s your jacket?”  
     Kristen handed him her coat check ticket and Robert walked off to retrieve it. She discussed her plans with her friends and they encouraged her. As she started to leave, they called out, “You go girl!”      
     Normally, Kristen would never hook up with a man this easily. It wouldn’t be safe. But, when they dressed as well as he did and had a limo waiting, she didn’t see an issue with it. And since she met Karl, she was now edgier and felt more daring these days.  
     The driver opened the door and they got in. Robert looked hesitant, “Now, this might upset you, but I really need to go back to my hotel first and get my cell phone. I can't live without it." He then tried to kiss her.       Kristen pulled back, “No you don’t Bub. Maybe I should just stay here with my friends.” 
     Robert laughed, “That’s the perfect nickname for me. I’ll love it more when I hear you moaning it out loud.” He got out of the car and then went to sit in the front seat next to the driver.  
     Kristen was feeling a bit mean now, “You know Robert, I don't know if I should trust you. You are good looking, but you kind of have a pasty and pale appearance, and you really don’t look like you are from Los Angeles. Did you just get out of prison or something?”  
     Robert reached up toward the rear-view mirror and turned it directly at her. She watched his face in it and thought he looked surprised at her, like she was right; like she was on to something.  
     “Maybe you had better go Kristen,” he said drawling her name out. He then turned the mirror back and pushed the button to close the privacy partition. He waved as it blocked her off. 
     By then, the driver had returned. Kristen knocked on the middle window and said, “I am sorry. I won't insult you anymore."  
     Robert re-opened the partition, turned his head and flashed a big grin, “Now that's better Kristen. That's what 
I want to hear. Play nice."  
     He opened the door and went back to sit close to her. Kristen let him put his arm around her shoulders and was now feeling quite cozy and adventurous.   
 They only drove a few blocks and ended up at the Intercontinental Hotel. Robert graciously helped her out and they held hands as they walked into the spectacular lobby.    
     Robert said, “Kristen, Take the elevator to the 4th floor, I’ll meet you in the hallway. I have a big suite. You are going to love it.” He pulled out his phone and walked over to a corner.  
     Kristen stared at him " Is the party in the hotel? I thought you said your phone was in your room?"       Robert nonchalantly answered, "Guess, I was wrong." Then he laughed, I am your one-man party! I just need to change my shirt, then we’ll go.” He motioned to her be quiet and started speaking into his cell. 
     Kristen felt foolish and duped, as she pushed the elevator button. She waited upstairs in the hall for him a full ten minutes, before she heard the bell announce his belated arrival.  
     They walked in silence to his room. He inserted his key card, “Don’t worry I’m not going to touch you. I just want your company tonight. Let’s have a quick drink, then we’ll go.”  
     Kristen did not know why, but she felt a strong attachment to him and was willing to do whatever he wanted now. She went off to the restroom and had to go through his bedroom to get there.  
     She noticed on his bed table, that there were a few boxes and red heart gift wrap paper was lying on the floor.  
     One of the gifts was a man’s watch, that was sitting propped up in its box. The bed was messed up and it looked like he had just had an “afternoon delight” with someone else. And, that was probably why he wasn’t all that interested in her tonight.  
     “Oh, how lovely for him,” Kristen snidely remarked. She read the little gift tag on the box, “I love you so much sweetheart! Love, Jeannie.” The watch was cheap looking, maybe worth twenty dollars; tops. Kristen now realized that she would just be wasting her time with him.   
     She went back to the other room and was surprised to see Robert sitting back comfortably with a large cocktail. He did not even ask her if she wanted one.  
    She sat next to him, “Seriously, what about that party? 
Are we still going there?”  
     Robert promptly got up and went into the bedroom for a minute. When he came back, he had a DVD in his hand and was now wearing a pink T-shirt and tight black jogging shorts. They outlined him very nicely.       He went over and inserted the DVD in the player and now sat down in a chair on the opposite side of the room.  
     The picture came on the screen showing two figures wearing clown costumes and holding whips. Kristen could not distinguish their gender.  
     She looked away disinterested and said, "Is everyone into S&M these days? What is it with you guys? You are all so twisted! If we aren’t going to the party, aren't you at 
least going to make me a drink?"  
     Robert intently watched the movie and totally ignored her. He was really starting to annoy her with his inattention. He then stuck in another disc. This one was in German with subtitles and pictured a man wearing a baby bonnet and a diaper, sitting inside a bird cage.      Kristen groaned, "Oh, come on Robert. That’s too much, I’m leaving."  
     “Please don’t do that. I am supposed to have a late meeting downstairs with some people. That is really why I came back. Then we are off to that party. I have to go back in my room first and get dressed again.”     Robert’s actions were all over the place. Kristen wondered if he had a major case of AD&D and was obviously off his meds. It was either that, or he was an over-grown child, “Probably both,” she laughed to herself.      Moments later, Robert emerged wearing a very flashy pin-striped suit. Kristen gave him an approving look.             They went down to the hotel restaurant and Robert walked up to a table with two men. They immediately ordered appetizers and started to talk about business. Through the snippets of conversation, Kristen was now learning more about Robert.  
     It seemed, that he was the head of an investment company in Los Angeles. His companions were there to benefit from a takeover, that he was waging on a smaller company. He was in town to raise more money to buy its stock. 
     As promised, the meeting was very brief. As the men began to depart, the waitress handed the bill to one of them. “How nice,” Kristen was amused and a little surprised, that the men paid for the snacks; not Robert.      Robert then made two phone calls. During the first one, he was talking in hushed tones and it sounded like he was talking to a girlfriend. He saw Kristen watching him and covered his hand over his mouth. He then got up and walked into the hall. He was on the phone for about fifteen minutes.   
     Kristen was thinking of leaving and began to stand up. He smiled and waved at her from the hall, holding up his finger to gesture that it would just be another minute. He then made another call and started walking back toward the table.  
     Kristen heard him telling someone to come and meet them. She gave him a curious look as he reached into his briefcase, which was on the floor next to him and pulled out some papers.  
     “So, you want to get in on the action?”        Kristen watched him curiously, as he laid several documents in front of her.  
   “All you need to do is write me a check for $125,000 and I can give you back $100,000 right away as soon as we go to war with these guys.”  
     Kristen looked confused and began to ask him a question, when an anorexic-looking, middle-aged brunette walked into the room. Kristen recognized her from the Patio Bar, which was one of her favorite suburban spots. Her name was Anne and Kristen looked puzzled as she squeezed in very close next to Robert.       Kristen thought, “What the heck was she doing downtown at this time of night?” She was never really friends with Anne, but she had seen her around the bar scene for years, knew some of her friends, and thought she was a decent person.   
     Robert spoke up, “Anne just passed her CPA test and has an MBA. I knew she would be perfect for my newest company. In fact, she is flying to L.A. tomorrow to conduct due diligence for me.”   
     He continued, “Anne has invested $50k with me and she knows a good deal when she sees one.”       Anne nodded in agreement.  
     Robert gloated, “I am already giving back returns for some of the investors!” He stood and walked back to the lobby. 
     Kristen felt awkward being left alone with Anne.      “This is really a good offer,” Anne told her, “I checked him out thoroughly. You should invest!”   
     Kristen felt like she was being badgered and wanted to go. Robert came back to the table carrying a fresh drink. 
He was all smiles and sat back down on Kristen’s side. He gave Kristen a poke, “So, sweetheart, are you ready to come onboard?” 
      “No, I don’t think so Robert. I am just going to take a cab back to the bar, before I lose track of my girlfriends. 
Good-bye Robert. Good-bye Anne.” 
     Kristen looked disappointed and added, “I bet there was never even a party.” She promptly left the hotel and had the doorman secure her a cab. 
     A few days later, Kristen was at the Happy Hour at the Patio Bar with Suzie, and her recently acquired beau. She noticed Robert and Anne were sitting at a table on the other side of the room. Robert beckoned for her to come over to them.  
     Suzie shrugged, “Oh no, looks like you are getting ready to ditch me for him again. Tell you what Kristen, me and my future fiancé, are going to go over to the bar next door. You can meet us there when you are done with him if you want to.” 
     Kristen laughed, “Fiancé, huh? She pointed at Suzie’s boyfriend, “Are you good with this?” 
     He laughed, “You never know, I am pretty happy and it’s only been two days.”  
     Kristen shook Suzie’s hand, “Well, if that’s the case, I will start preparing some bad jokes about you for the bachelorette party. Congratulations. I will see you two later.” Kristen picked up her drink and headed for Robert. 
     Robert looked very happy to see her, “That party was really fantastic the other night, too bad you left us.”       Anne looked at him curiously. Then she followed his lead and said enthusiastically, “Oh yes, it was a great time. Really fun.” 
     Robert wasted no time to approach the investment subject with her again, “So, Kristen are you ready to pop in some quick money with me. I promise, you will really see a fast return.” 
     Kristen smiled, “I have been thinking pretty much about it and I might do it.” She was in need of making some extra money quickly, with the small amount that she still had left.     
     She thought, “Why not? It really seemed like it was a win-win situation. Those men from the other night had looked like they were big wheels and they were doing it.” 
     “Anne, did you bring the contracts?”   
     “They are right here.”  
     She opened a briefcase with her bony hand and placed them on the table. Kristen looked down at them.       The first page listed the principals of his company. For the top officers, it showed Robert St. Germain, someone named Reynolds, and Anne was listed as Vice-President.       “Anne as Vice-President?” Kristen thought, “What the hell? She doesn’t know him. He just came to town.” It was all sounding a bit fishy.  
    Kristen took on an attitude and read off the papers. 
     “Your name is St. Germain? Who is Reggie Reynolds?       He laughed at her all-business approach, “Reynolds is my partner and attorney. You will meet him soon. I have known him forever. We are like twins.”  
     Kristen said, “Funny, that I have never known your last name.” She realized how crazy she would be to do this with someone that she barely knew anything about.       “I am sorry Robert; I don’t usually make investments. I just know how to spend money and I’m still not ready to do this right now.”  
     Without a word, Robert indignantly grabbed the papers back and walked out of the room, dragging Anne by her arm behind him. He then had Anne pull her car up and they quickly drove away.  
     Kristen was really curious about him now. She had to find out what he was up to and decided to tail him. She had nothing better to do at that moment. 
     She only followed them for a few miles, until Anne dropped him off in front of a restaurant. Kristen wanted to see who Robert was meeting, so she left her car in the front, while she went in and looked around.  
     In the middle of the room, Robert was looking just like a family man. He was sitting with a pregnant girl in her early twenties, who had a small boy next to her.       Kristen at first thought the girl could be a daughter or something, but then it dawned on her that Robert wasn’t that old and it was probably the Jeannie who gave him the watch!  
     Kristen walked right up and stood in front of him.       “I knew you were up to something Robert. Hello Jeannie.” The girl looked confused.  
     Robert calmly said to Kristen, “So, are you hear to tell me the news about Anne? Is she still at the hospital?”  
     Kristen was dumbfounded, “What?”  
     He continued, “Anne. How is Anne? How did her tests go?”  
     Kristen could tell he was creating some kind of crazy story to explain her being there. She just replied, “Anne is going to be alright,” and walked away. It was pointless to stay there.  
     Robert said, “You are so kind to let us know,” he really sugar-coated it.  
     Kristen thought, “God, he is such a loon!” She began to walk out and was surprised to see Robert following behind her, carrying his briefcase. 
     He braced it against one hip, as he fumbled with the latch to open it. He pulled out papers and placed them on a front counter. Kristen watched him carefully. 
     "Kristen, this is it! You need to sign now, or I am going to offer this opportunity to a man who is on his way to join me here.” 
     He started explaining the venture all over again and made it seem like very easy money. Kristen knew she was acting very naïve, but she still felt that it was a low risk, so she now thought it might be alright. 
     Robert continued, “Are you ready to do this?” He walked her to a table on the other side of the restaurant and out of the sight of his companion. He remained very serious and shoved the papers at her.  
     As Kristen slowly reached for her purse, Robert perked up. He kept his arm around her shoulders, as she looked over the contract carefully. It seemed very official.       She was afraid to upset him and with great hesitation she said, “I am only willing to put in $75,000, not 
$125,000.”  
     Robert’s smile disappeared. Kristen quickly added      
     “And I am paying cash!”  
     It just happened to be that Kristen was so sure that she wanted to invest with him, that she had been lugging around the bills in her large tote bag, soon after she first was told about it. Robert’s eyes almost popped out as she pulled several stacks of bills from it.  
     Kristen laughed, “I came prepared, almost fooled you, didn’t I?” Robert now stood behind her and produced a pen. Kristen took it from him and signed in the three places where he pointed.   
     “Don’t you need a Notary for this?”  
     “Don’t worry. Anne will take care of it.”  
     Kristen wondered how much Anne was involved in all of this and if she was sleeping with Robert? Kristen balked again; and then greed entered the picture.  
     “Wait Robert, I am going to invest $25,000 more. But 
I am going to have to do it with a check.”  
     Robert slowly smiled like a Cheshire cat and had her sign another document. Then, he pulled the papers from her like a hot potato, as he grabbed the check. He scrawled his name and gave her the final page to serve as her receipt.  
     Kristen stood up to leave and Robert began shoving everything back in his briefcase, “I will see you later.”       As she walked out into the parking lot, Kristen was feeling nervous about how fast he wrapped it all up. She sat in her car for several minutes and had an increasingly sick feeling that she had better get out of the deal right away. 
     She rushed back into the restaurant and looked around for Robert. None of them were there. Kristen felt panicky and sat at an empty table. She could kick herself now, since she realized that she had only given into Robert, because she was trying to impress him into liking her more.  
     Kristen had to think fast. There was nothing she could do about the cash, but she could stop the check. She called her bank’s customer service line. 
     The cheerful bank agent told Kristen there was nothing to worry about, since she had placed the stop payment right away.        
     Kristen was actually more nervous, of how Robert was going to react to being blind-sided. He was no crook, just a little crazy and she was convinced that he would give her all the money back, if she merely asked for it.       As she drove to the other bar to meet Suzie, she thought that she was just experiencing buyer’s remorse. 
Maybe, she shouldn’t completely kill the deal?      
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 ART OF DECEPTION 
  
     A few days passed, before Kristen heard from Robert again. He had the nerve to drive to her house in the early evening and pound on her front door. She was afraid to open it, fearing retaliation for her stopping the check.      To her surprise, Robert said nothing except, “I need to go back downtown. I had too many drinks at Mulligan's." He shook his head like he was trying to wake up, “I am too messed up to drive my rental car back by myself.”      Kristen replied, "How did you even know where I live?"    
     He didn’t have to answer. She knew it was one of her friends that had broken the "Girl Code" again, without even warning her! One of them must have given him their phone number. Which traitor was it? 
      At first, she refused to go meet him, but things were different for her these days and the bad boys were now more fun, and definitely not boring. Her life was becoming an adventure! She didn’t even mention the investment to him. She would let him be the first to speak about it. 
     They left his car there, because he was going to have the rental place pick it up later. She grabbed her car keys and soon they were on the expressway heading south.       As they were driving, Robert said, “I need to borrow a few hundred dollars to get something. I will pay you right back.”  
     Kristen immediately said, "No! You still owe me all that other money.”  
     He quickly added, "I'll pay you back double!"       Robert now looked angelic, “By the way, I am not happy that you stopped the check. But it is alright and I totally understand.”  
     Kristen began to feel nervous and wanted to talk about her other money. But, sitting this close to him, she didn’t want to make waves and decided to save it for later.         She then raised her hands up like she gave up on everything, “Go look in my purse.”  
     Robert reached for it and put it on his lap. Kristen had planned to make a bank deposit the next day and had plenty of money in there.  
     Robert grabbed a handful of bills and held them up, “Is this OK?”  
     “Sure, but, seriously, only if you are paying me this week.”  
     Kristen was about to take the exit to go toward the lake, but Robert said, “Keep going. Get off at Division 
Street.”  
     “Why do you want to go there?”  
     “Don’t worry so much, just drive!”  
     He had her head east for a while and then suddenly yelled, “Take a turn here.   
     Kristen said, “Are you insane? This is the low-income housing projects. We are in the ghetto! Don't you know that it is totally dangerous here? I don’t want to get shot!”      He assured her, “It’s OK, don’t worry, it’s not bad. I come here all the time. Go pull over by that corner and shut off the engine.”  
   Kristen parked and could hear gunfire about a block away. The area was dark because most of the streetlights had been shot out. She switched the car back on and said, 
“I’m getting out of here!” 
     She was about to pull out, when a man wearing a dark cap, torn coat, and black pants, walked up to the car. 
Kristen almost died right there.  
     Robert opened his window, “Hey man, can you get us some rock?”  
     The man leaned in, “I don’t know man, are you the heat?”  
     Robert laughed like a lunatic, “No, we’re cool!”       Robert poked Kristen and said, “I need smaller bills. 
Give me sixty bucks.”  
     Kristen protested, “Drug deals? No way Robert! I can't believe you are trying to buy drugs here. You are just going to get ripped off.”  
      Robert smiled at the man, “You wouldn’t do that, would you? You need to leave me with your wallet so I know you’re coming back.”   
     The man acted like he was going to just walk away.  Robert demanded the money from Kristen again saying,    
     “I’ll pay you back along with the other money I owe you tomorrow. I promise.”  
     The dealer was starting to look angry, so Kristen stretched to reach over Robert and directly handed the cash to the him. The man pulled his wallet from his back pocket and tossed it in the car.  
       He said, “I’ll be right back. Do you want any weed too?”    
     “Robert said, “Just the coke.” The stranger walked off in between two of the projects into the dark. 
   They waited for half an hour and then Kristen angrily said, “You know that creep isn’t coming back. I knew it! You are such a jerk! I can't believe you have put me in the middle of a coke deal. What happens if we get arrested? I don’t even do them.”  
     Robert said, “He’ll be back. We have his wallet. I wonder how much money is in it?”  
     Kristen watched as Robert opened it and looked in. All it contained was a driver’s license, no money, nothing! Robert held the I.D. up to show Kristen and chuckled. The picture on it was of a very young man with bright blonde hair.    
     Robert laughed like he was going to fall over, “I guess it looks like our friend isn’t coming back. Let’s go.”       Kristen saw a crowd of teens coming up on them and peeled out of there. She was livid at Robert. He was now deliberately endangering her life! She was so angry that she took him to his hotel, kicked him out, and took off.          Kristen was now completely sure that Robert was out of her life and she was starting to seriously worry about how she was going to get her money back. She was not rich enough these days to handle that type of loss. It was going to have a significant effect on her plans.       After two weeks passed, she received a bouquet of flowers from him with a note. She called him and agreed to meet that night at the new hotel that he was staying in. 
She wanted her money back. 
     She drove there and when she arrived, the door was slightly open. As she began to knock, an arm reached out, took her hand and pulled her inside.  
     Robert had a new haircut and was looking handsome as usual. He gave her a big smile and handed her a fruity cocktail as she sat down.    
     Kristen started to speak, but Robert touched her lips with his finger and said, "I want you to take a big sip first! 
Then we will talk!" 
     As she began to drink, she felt an amazing rush and a total feeling of peace overtaking her body. Then she just felt numb and slumped over. She reached out her arm toward him to steady herself. Robert laughed and pushed her hand off with a light slap,  
     “Oh, no you don’t, you nasty she-devil.” He quickly retreated to the other side of the room and curiously watched her  
     Kristen felt her heart skipping beats. Robert said gruffly, "Finish that up. I have to go to a late business meeting. But first I need you to sign these first.”        As Kristen pushed the glass away from her, he walked back and laid down a few papers on the coffee table.       Kristen squinted her eyes again and realized it was the same contract that he had her sign before. 
     “No, Robert. I am not signing those again,” she barely sounded audible. I don’t feel well I want to leave now.”      Robert looked angry and he grabbed the pile and walked off. 
     Kristen slowly sat up and groggily said, "Are you going to drive me? I don't think I can do it.”  
     Robert acted like she was bothering him, “You’re a big girl. Have the doorman get you a cab.”  
     He then flicked the towel at her like he was fending her off and walked into the bedroom.  
     Kristen followed him, "Aren't you even going to pay the cab like a gentleman?”  
     He then walked into the other room. Kristen whined at him through the door, "What about all my money?"       She tried to stand up, but her legs gave way and she collapsed onto the nearest chair. 
      A few minutes later, the door opened. It all seemed very foggy, as Kristen saw a figure walking toward her.       As she regained her focus, she saw Robert had now matted down his hair and had donned heavy make-up, a tight red skirt, and a pair of stilettos!  
     Kristen rubbed her eyes and muttered, “You have got to be kidding me! That’s it. This is too much, I am going!”    
     Robert looked hurt as she slowly pulled herself up, fumbled for her purse, and stumbled out the door. As she made her way to the elevator, she had to keep bracing herself against the wall.  
     After a few attempts to push the correct button, Kristen finally reached the lobby. The doorman took one look at her and summoned her a cab.  
     Kristen shook her head no and brushed past him. She was able to walk, but clearly wasn't thinking straight. There was a train line that was near the hotel, which had a stop near her place in the suburbs.  
     As she headed down Michigan Avenue, she began to feel a bit queasy. She quickly ducked into an alley, so no one would see her. 
  
Soon she felt like she was swooning. She felt a great heaviness in her neck and in her ears. It felt like someone was taking deep footsteps inside her head. 
  
     Kristen grabbed the handle of a dumpster that was next to a brick wall and eased herself down onto the ground. Her arms were clutching behind her to keep upright. Sitting there with her legs straight out and her head slumped to the side, she went into black. 
  After about a half-hour, Kristen began to come out of it. Her body was now completely beneath the dumpster and its gritty rubber wheel was hard against her cheek. She could feel the pressure of it as her senses faintly returned.    
     Shaking her head, she said “Oh, God, what am I doing?” She rolled herself out from underneath it and became very scared. She was fully aware of everything now and was horrified this had happened.  
     Kristen pulled herself up quickly and walked a few blocks further in the direction of the train station. There were two shady looking men at the entrance and thankfully, they just glanced at her without much interest. A police car pulled up, and the officer on the passenger side lowered his window. As he started to say something, Kristen ran down the stain-covered stairs to the train area.  
     It was freezing out, but Kristen was burning up. Standing on the platform, she still felt dizzy and she could feel her throat choke her as she tried to breathe. It felt like she was being strangled.  
     Kristen reached at her neck and now realized that her necklace had grown very tight. She yanked it off breaking its clasp, “The drink or whatever it was must have caused this.” 
  
She felt strong, then overwhelming, flashes, and even in the coolness of the tunnel, the heat enveloped her even more as she just stood there paralyzed. 
  
     A train appeared from the opposite direction. Kristen could feel its deep rumble in her knees, as it came upon her. She was refreshed by the strong gust of cool wind that followed as it passed. Kristen leaned forward and closed her eyes, tranquil in this moment. It comforted her and then chilled her to the bone.  
     A jittery unsure feeling in her ankles, made her open her eyes and look down. Startled, Kristen pulled back from the ledge. She couldn’t believe she was standing so close to it. One slip onto the train’s very electrified Third Rail and she would have been toast.  
     Her thoughts were racing again, falling on top of each other. She felt way too high and was freaking out!       “What did he give her? Was it poison?” Her hands were trembling and everything felt like it was numb, all over again. 
     The train finally pulled up and she boarded. There was no one on the car, except for a couple making-out at the far end, and they ignored her. Before she knew it, Kristen had arrived back in the suburbs.  
     Since it was very late, Kristen was now afraid of having to walk the two miles to her place. As she pushed open the exit door of the station, it was like a dream. A bright white cab was waiting on the street and the owner was asleep with the window half-open.  
     Kristen reached in and nudged him on his arm, “Sir, sir can you wake up?” 
     The man answered with a heavy Middle-Eastern accent, “What do you want? I am off-duty. Go away.”      Kristen opened the back door anyway and climbed in. The cabbie grumbled, “Now that you woke me up. Where are you going.” 
     Kristen gave him the address and he began swearing loudly at her, “You only want to go two miles away? Get out of my cab! Get out now. Crazy woman.” 
     Kristen began to cry. The man turned and saw what bad shape she was in. 
     “OK, OK, it’s alright. What’s wrong? Are you drunk?” 
     Kristen had trouble speaking, “Some man drugged me, 
I feel so sick. Please help me.” 
     The cabbie rudely replied, “Well, don’t get sick in here.” He then began driving. 
     Kristen sank back into the lumpy seat, watching as her knee started to shake uncontrollably. She screamed to herself in her head, “What the hell did he put in it?”       She brought out her cell phone and planned to call Robert, but she could barely stay conscious. She started seriously thinking she should go to the Emergency Room, but decided not to, because that could only lead to trouble. 
   When they reached her place, Kristen fumbled for her purse. The driver said, “No charge. Just go take care of yourself.” He then pulled away. 
     Kristen crawled up her stairs, pulled the phone cord out of the wall, and just lay in bed with her eyes closed. 
She could feel her blood speeding through her veins.       In the morning, she forced food into herself to ward off the effects. She also took a lukewarm shower, topping it off with a cold blast.  
     Kristen moped around for another hour, wondering whether she wanted to sleep in for the rest of the day, or not. She remembered to plug her land phone back in and just as she did, it rang. 
     “How are you this morning?” Robert was on the other end and was talking painfully loud into her ear.       Kristen was furious at him, “What the hell did you put in that cocktail that you gave me?”  
     Robert laughed, “Oh, just a little something to make your night more interesting without me. Did you like it?”       Kristen screamed, “No! What are you trying to do? Kill me? Was this so you could get that money back from me?”  
     Kristen wouldn’t even allow him the chance to reply, “Seriously Robert, what do you want? Actually, never mind, I’m hanging up.” She slammed down the phone.       As soon as she did, her cell phone rang, “Did you really think you could get away from me that easy?”       Kristen was very irritated, “Robert, I have nothing to say to you…”   
     He interrupted, “I have something of yours. I have your ring.”  
     Kristen looked down at her pinkie. She couldn’t believe she didn’t know it was missing. Since, it was normally pretty tight on her finger, he could have only pulled it off of her at the hotel.  
     Kristen yelled at him, “You stole my ring? When were you going to tell me?”  
     He floundered a bit, “The maid found it on the floor.”       Kristen screamed, “That ring means a lot to me. You have to give it back!”  
     Robert said, “Don’t worry, I will.”  
      “You better come to me,” Kristen demanded, “I’m not trekking down there. You can meet me somewhere around my place.”  
     “Meet me over at Mulligan’s in one hour.”  
     Kristen yelled, "I can't! My car is at your hotel."       Robert calmly replied, "Look out your window." He then hung up.  
     Kristen opened her curtains and was shocked to see her car sitting out on the street. She still felt like she was both trembling and exhausted, and just wanted to go back to bed.  
     She threw a bland looking skirt and blouse on, and then walked outside. It seemed like a lifetime since she last saw her car. The keys were in the ignition.       When she got to Mulligan’s, Robert was sitting at the bar with a cocktail and a full plate of food. Turning to her with his mouth full, he tried to turn her cheek toward him for a sloppy kiss. She pulled back from him and sat two stools away.  
     “What did you lace that drink with? Like I told you, I don’t do drugs.” She yelled again, “Seriously, St. Germain, you almost killed me.” 
     The other diners stopped eating and stared at both of them. Robert laughed, “Oh, come on. Don’t be so dramatic. It just had something special in it. No worries. 
Maybe you were allergic to it?” 
   Kristen was out of responses. She did not even rip into him about what he was wearing the night before. In fact, she almost thought that part could have just been a sideeffect of the drug, and it didn’t happen.  
     “I am not staying! Give me my ring.” She held out her hand, not looking at him.  
     He leaned up in his chair a bit and fished it out of his pocket. Chewing still with his mouth open, he plunked it into his glass. 
     “You Creep!” Kristen took the glass and started pouring it out on the bar, until the ring slid out.       “You are a bigger Creep,” Robert said and motioned for the female bartender.   
     The bartender gave Kristen a snotty look and threw a rag down, expecting Kristen to clean it up. Kristen ignored her, pulled her stool away and started for the front door.  
     As she walked out, Anne entered. Anne looked surprised and then glared at her. Robert just looked uncomfortable and left to make a phone call. 
     Anne shook her finger, “How could you have done that to me?”  
     Kristen had no clue what she was talking about, walked back in to sit down. “What do you mean Anne? I didn’t do anything to you.”  
     Anne attacked like a pit bull, “You stopped the check! I gave Robert money because he knew that he was getting the $25,000 from you. That was supposed to be my cut. He never paid me back because you did that to him. I can’t afford that. You need to give me that money, I have to have it!”  
  Kristen said forcefully, “You are delusional. I am not going to give you, or Robert, or anyone my money. Did you know that he drugged me? He has my $75,000 in cash too. Did he tell you about it? Why doesn’t he give you some of that?”  
     Anne looked confused and Kristen had a sick feeling. It suddenly was evident what Robert had been up to with her, Anne, and all his so-called investors.  
     Kristen used her words cautiously, “If you lost your money to Robert’s pyramid scheme, then it is your fault, Anne. Why did you ever tell me you knew all about him and that he was a trustworthy person?”  
     Kristen got up, slammed her chair back into the table, and went off to find Robert.  
     He was now sitting at the bar and had ordered more food, “Here,” he patted the chair, “Sit down. I ordered you some dinner too.”  
     Kristen wondered what he was up to again. Before she could question him, the bartender laid a full meal in front of her, along with a Screwdriver. Anne started to make her way over to them. 
     Kristen knew she had to handle this delicately, or she would never see her money again. She could only hope for the best that it was safely in his hands, and that he was, who he said. She did not mention what Anne had told her. 
     As Kristen carefully thought again of what words to use, Robert just stuffed his face and did not talk. He then ordered a big dessert and told Kristen he was going to the washroom.  
     That was it! She knew he was going to ditch her. Kristen raised her voice and startled the other customers near them, “Robert! I want my money. NOW!”      St. Germain jumped up like a mad man and yelled even louder, “No problem. No problem.” He motioned to Anne to come over.  
     “Anne. Take a memo. Remind me to have my partner fax Kristen a promissory note for the money I owe her. 
There. That takes care of that.” 
     Kristen grew bolder, "No Robert. This is a pyramid scheme. I want out.” 
     Robert looked at Anne and then turned bright red. He looked like he was going to hit both of them.  
     He ranted, “What are you talking about? You just gave me that money. It’s going to take at least a month. You know that.”   
     He violently put his face up in hers, “You are crazy. It is tied up. and I can’t give it back to you yet. I will try to work something out, but you are just going to have to wait.”   
     Flustered, he waved his hands in the air and started to walk in circles, “Please, be patient. Don’t be so paranoid. I'll be right back. I have to call someone.” He then ran from the room. Anne followed after him. 
     Kristen sat back down and finished off her food. Robert was taking a very long time to return. The male bartender smiled and laid the check in front of her.       Kristen handed him some money, “Here’s my share of the bill. And, he’ll be taking care of the rest, by himself.” 
Then she went to see who was in the outside beer 
garden.        
     A very irate Robert found her a short while later. In a whiny voice he said, I don’t have any money or credit cards with me. You made Anne mad at me and she left without me. The bartender said he is going to call the cops if I don’t pay him for my dinner.” 
 Kristen stood up and decided it would now be a good idea to leave, since he might do something unpleasant.       "I guess that’s your problem Robert, not mine."  
     He raised his fist and started to rush after her, but the bartender grabbed him by his neck and pushed him onto a stool.  
     Kristen hurriedly got her car from the valet and drove through the parking lot. As she sat, hidden behind some trees, she was thinking she should call the police. 
 She then veered her car back and was headed for the exit, when she noticed Robert standing in a telephone booth. She could see he was arguing with someone.       Kristen drove up to him and asked as obnoxiously as she could, “Where is your cell phone? I didn’t know they still had phone booths.”  
     He covered the receiver with his hand, “The Manager said I had to leave the phone and my driver’s license until 
I got him the money.”  
     Kristen pushed further, “Don’t you have your own car to drive to the bank?”  
     Robert looked rattled, “I don’t have the car, long story. 
Can you give me the money? It’s not that much. Please?”       That was all Kristen could take! She screamed at him “No Robert. You looked like you were going to hit me. You’re getting out of this scrape on your own. I don’t trust you. I want all my money back now.  
     You also owe me for those drugs, or whatever else you bought with my money. I want it immediately, or I am going to call the cops on you too. You need to give me something.”  
    She quickly asked, “What can you give me now?”  
     She looked at his wrist, “I want your watch.”  Kristen just wanted something from him, because she knew he had nothing. He was a total loser. 
 Robert gazed down at it. Kristen was really frustrating him, so he took it off his wrist and handed it to her.       “Here, if this will get you to go away right now, then take it.”  
     Kristen grabbed it from him before he could change his mind. Robert looked very sad. He still was not aware that Kristen knew it was from his girlfriend. It was the cheap watch that she had seen in the hotel room.   
   A car pulled up while they were still arguing and Kristen saw that it was the pregnant girl. She looked like she was ready to pop. Her stomach reached out to the steering wheel. Robert jumped in next to her and she handed him some money.  
     Kristen got out of her car and went over to Robert’s side. He was very nervous and reluctantly lowered the window.  
     Instead of making a scene, Kristen just handed him the watch, and quietly said, “Here, Robert, you left this in the restaurant.”  
     Robert’s girlfriend seemed puzzled to see Kristen again, and innocently looked over at him. Kristen could tell Robert was relieved, and even looked thankful.       Kristen thought, “This was probably the one relationship that meant something to him. Maybe it was his baby. Poor girl.” 
     Kristen drove off. She figured that someday, she would find some way to get her money back. This time, it was really worth never seeing his face again. 
      
     After several more weeks of deceiving various parties, Robert St. Germain was ready to say good-bye to Chicago. He had closed out his latest scam and now had only a few more minutes left there. He had also exhausted his list of area hotels and restaurants to run out on. 
     Sitting at the boarding gate, in a chair closest to the ramp, he was making some last-minute phone calls, while waiting for the plane to hook up to its tunnel. It was already an hour late.        
     “Listen to me! You can’t get your money back just yet, it needs to process through certain off-shore channels. In fact, I am headed to the islands right now to make sure it 
is taken care of. I can call you when I return.”      The elderly voice on the other end protested,      “You know very well St. Germain, that you are skipping town with my three million and you have absolutely no intention of giving me my share of your profits. It didn’t take me long to figure this out and I cannot believe you used your alumni connection to me to go and scam me like this. But, he chuckled, I have to say, you are very good at it!  
     A struggle could be heard in the background. It appeared that someone was swearing loudly and fighting him for the phone. 
     The man now sounded flustered, “Robert, stay put, my associate wants to talk to you.” 
     The new voice came on the line and got right down to business, 
     “Alright, St. Germain, ignore what he just said. He was being too nice about this. You certainly know who you are now speaking to and you are also very aware that I know how to deal with slimy cons like you. I want to make you a proposition where I can set you up to make the biggest jackpot you could ever dream of.  
      Your crew are all geniuses and if we all put our 
Harvard heads together, we can pull this off. You and Reggie will be instrumental in helping us turn the cards on some of our so-called friends that have been crossing us at every turn. We need to teach them a lesson, one that they will never forget, and hit them where it hurts. Where are you going today? I’ll get on my jet right now and we will meet you there.” 
     Robert was hesitant, “How am I to know that you aren’t trying to meet me, just so you can bring someone with you to rough me up?” 
     “Oh, come on, you paranoid twit. You two can be very valuable to our plans. We can’t pull this off without you. We know that in your current situation that you wouldn’t be in any position to reveal what we are up to.”       He now tried to be more convincing, “We are talking big, big money. The easiest you will ever earn, and time is of the essence. It can only happen at a certain time. As for me, it is only about the revenge.” 
     His voice grew softer, “Just hear us out. Bring a gun with you if you are so afraid. Reggie knows he can trust me, just ask him. Is he going to be there?” 
     Robert grudgingly answered, “OK, this all sounds pretty good, I guess I can trust you too. Yes, of course Reynolds will be there. I’ll text you from a burner phone and tell you where we are staying as soon as I board the plane.” 
     The ramp crew had finally finished hooking up the tunnel and the stewardess now opened the gate. 
     Robert leaned over and unzipped his Burberry carryon bag. He began frantically rummaging through it, looking for a pack of gum to chew for take-off.  
     He felt a firm hand on his shoulder and looked up. Five men in trench coats stood before him. One produced a pair of handcuffs. 
     “Robert St. Germain, you are under arrest for 6 counts of securities fraud and you are also in violation of the RICO act.” He then began reading Robert his rights. 
     Robert began laughing and doubled over in his seat.  
     “Please stand-up sir. This is nothing to laugh at.”       One of the men put a hand under his coat to ready his gun. 
     Robert jumped up and put his hands high in the air. 
     “I surrender, I surrender!” He laughed again.  
     “Come on fellows, who put you up to this? Was it 
Reggie? What a great prank.” 
     The men remained silent and Robert was turned around so the cuffs could be administered. When he heard them click, his expression now turned to fear. 
     His mind began racing. Who could have betrayed him? Only three people knew he was boarding a flight at O’Hare Airport today for the Maldives; a country with no extradition agreement with the United States.  
     He knew it wasn’t his lawyer, Reggie. He also was sure it wasn’t his girlfriend, since she never had a clue about any of his business dealings.  
     Jeannie was back at her apartment caring for their daughter who had just been born three days ago. When St. Germain left her that morning, he failed to mention that it was a one-way ticket and that she would be now raising his unwanted off-spring without him. And, on his way to the airport, he stopped by the bank to clean out her checking account. 
      St. Germain knew that it had to be Kristen! He still owed her a lot of money and Robert knew that she was mad at him enough to do this to him. He could not believe that after all these years of being a con man, that he finally got caught.  
     Robert walked proudly as he was led through the airport and into an unmarked sedan. The agents behind him were stuck carrying his luggage.  
     Who Robert completely forgot to suspect, was Anne…      One hour earlier, his phony Vice-President was at her condo in the suburbs, when she heard a knock on the door. 
      “Who is it?” She glanced out a window and saw two official looking cars in front. 
     “It is the F.B.I. Open the door.” 
      With a look of horror on her face, Anne slowly opened the door. Her small dog began barking as two agents entered into her living room. 
     “We are in a hurry and you need to tell us right now the whereabouts of Robert St. Germain. There are several 
charges that we have him on.” 
     Anne was scared and she instantly declared,  
     “He is probably at his girlfriend’s house which is about 10 minutes from here. He lives with her. That’s all I can tell you. I have not spoken to him in a long time. I barely know him.”     
     The agent gave her a very stern look. 
     Anne flinched, “OK, that’s not the whole truth. He is actually at O’Hare airport by now. He is leaving for the Maldives for a short vacation. He is taking a United flight to New York for the connection.” 
     The agent instantly dialed on his cell phone as he began to walk back out the door.  
     “Please have a seat over there. The other agent will be staying with you until Mr. St. Germain is taken into our custody. We don’t need you calling to warn him.”      Anne blurted out, “Hey, I am the one that reported him! You don’t need to worry about me. That scum bag took me for a lot of money. I told my girlfriend all about it and she told her SEC boyfriend. They said they would never reveal that I turned him in.” 
     The agent laughed, “Well, contacting the Securities Exchange Commission was the right move. They got right on it and let us know.”  
     The agent went out to his car and drove off.        The other agent said, “From what we know, you have also been implicated in many of your friend’s dealings. You were a key component in his organization. We are in the process of obtaining an arrest warrant for you too.”       He added, “I suggest that you refrain speaking further about this with me, until you have a lawyer present. This is a very serious case. We have been looking for this clown for years.” 
     Anne took his advice and sat in silence. Two more agents entered her home and sat down on the couch. It was very awkward, as they all avoided eye contact with her and typed on their laptops. 
     Anne stared blankly out the window. What a mess Robert had gotten her into. She had fallen quickly in love with him, to the point that all rational thinking had vacated her. She fell even farther for his bag of tricks. He was truly a pathological liar and she now feared greatly for her safety, since he was so unpredictable.  
     Robert in a cage would be a force to deal with and she 
had never been more scared in her life… 
8 FOR A NIGHT LIKE THIS 
  
     Kristen was having a great start to her summer, but she hopelessly watched as the balance in her checkbook grew smaller and smaller. She thought again, about how much the $75,000 that she lost to St. Germain would really help her out now.  
     She spoke to a lawyer friend about pursuing the rat, but he said if there were drugs involved, she should leave the whole fiasco alone since he might turn the tables on her. Kristen assured herself that when she got her big money, she would then go after him with a team of highpowered attorneys. 
     Nevertheless, she was curious where Robert was lately, so of course, she looked him up on the internet. She saw that someone actually had a blog about him.  
     It was unbelievable! St. Germain had been going back and forth across the country for years and had a long list of victims. No wonder why he was so good at it. Men, women, hotels, and large corporations, had all been charmed, and then coerced by his exploits. 
     Kristen regretted that she never researched Robert when she first met him. If she had, both her bank account and her sanity would still be intact. And, because his name was an alias, Kristen and the other victims would never know that he had finally been stopped.            She wondered now if anyone else had the special treat of seeing him in his red skirt? She could only venture guesses why his buddies were so willing to risk their livelihoods’ hanging out with him. He was the biggest nut that she had ever met.  
     Kristen decided to take her mind off the past by cleaning out her closet. She was knee-deep in a pile of shoe rejects when her phone rang. There was a long silence and then he spoke.  
     "Kristen, I have sensed that all is not well with you. Are you alright?" 
   Kristen held the cell closer, as she removed a painful stiletto sticking in her hip, and answered, "Karl? Is that you?"  
     An impatient voice replied, "Why do you always ask? 
You know that it is."  
     Kristen became flustered, "It's just that I didn't expect to ever hear from you again. You made that quite evident the last time we saw each other."  
     "Circumstances have changed. I am not one to abandon a friend. Plus, I have my own reasons for calling..."  
   Kristen jumped in, “Are you back in town?"  
     Karl was displeased at her disruption, "Seriously Kristen, you need to stop acting so eager. It is quite the turn-off. It won't be much longer, before I quit tolerating your childish behavior altogether. You seriously embarrassed me in front of my acquaintances and you 
know that is why it ended." 
     Kristen was ready to start arguing with him but held back. She was curious as to why he wanted to talk to her.      Karl scolded her a bit more and then his voice took on a smile, “Kristen, I would be honored to have you accompany me to a small dinner with the Ambassador to 
Britain. He will be in Chicago tomorrow.” 
     He chuckled, "I know how you like handsome men. Here's another chance to go international. Or would you rather stick with me?" 
     Kristen laughed, "The jury is still out on that one Karl. 
You are not the easiest person in the world to please. I really have moved on. But I do accept your offer, only because I feel that this would be a creative outlet for me. I just don't know if I can afford the correct outfit for it."      Karl stiffened and replied, "You know that is never an issue. I enjoy dressing you. I will have an associate of mine find you something and then I will come over 
tonight to put it on you."  
     Kristen became excited again and started bubbling, 
"Oh Karl! I would love to see you. I can hardly wait!"       On the other end, Karl shook his head and smiled. He would never let on to her in person, but he really did enjoy the little girl in her. He ended on an upbeat note, "Kristen, I will be happy to see you again too. I will be there at 6 PM." 
     Kristen abandoned her closet project and spent the following hours straightening up her place for Karl's arrival. She felt her range of emotions changing course again and she was surprised that Karl now strangely made her think of Gregory. They seemed to be cut from the same cloth.  
     When it came to Karl, she was still waiting for the passion to surface. She knew it was deep inside him somewhere, but the wait seemed eternal. 
     Kristen showered and dressed and had barely enough time to finish putting on her make-up, when her doorbell rang at precisely 6 PM. 
     Karl made a grand entrance wearing an evening suit and sporting a slender and beautiful woman on his right arm. He met Kristen's dismayed look, with a smirk.       "This is Anna Marie. She is going to a party with me after we drop your outfit off." Anna Marie was carrying the goods. She had a wardrobe bag and a few small packages containing what Kristen hoped, were expensive shoes and perhaps an evening clutch. Anna Marie looked bored and held them straight out in front of her. 
   Kristen inquired, "Are you two going to one of those parties?"  
     Karl did not answer as he took the articles from his date. He pointed to a chair and Anna Marie obediently went to sit. Karl unzipped the dress bag with a flourish and brought out a gorgeous couture cocktail dress. 
Kristen rushed over to see who the designer was.       Karl looked disapprovingly at her, "Can't you just appreciate the beauty? Why are you so crazy for labels?" 
   Kristen stepped back and knew not to cross over the boundary line that Karl had created between her and the dress. But she was feeling bolder around him now and tactfully replied, “I am sorry Karl. You know how I love fashionable clothes. It has nothing to do with labels. You seem to have some off-kilter ideas about me.” Karl looked amused.  
     Kristen then glanced over at Anna Marie, who registered no reaction. Kristen leaned closer to her and noticed that she had a glossy appearance and didn't even seem to be human. Her long black tresses were shiny, like doll hair. It was entirely possible that she was a mannequin, she had yet to speak. 
   Karl laid the other bags down on the couch. He smiled, "Kristen, we must be leaving now. I will send a car service for you tomorrow, at 7 PM sharp. Please be out front to receive him. Kristen was still unhappy that Anna Marie was with him and was now half-tempted to tell Karl that she had no interest in accompanying him and being used as a social accessory.  
     But she knew that Karl was definitely not the person to react to in that manner, so she stifled it. There was something about him that was frightening. She still didn't know what it was, or why he had that effect on her. He was a genuine mystery. 
     She barely managed a weak "Good Bye Karl", as he gave her a brief kiss on the cheek.  
     He then smiled again at her and gave her a light pinch that made her stand straight, “You had better be a good girl. I will see you tomorrow. Please wear your hair up. I have provided a lovely jeweled clip for you."  
     He walked out with Anna Marie, head down, following directly behind him.  
     Karl then stepped back in the doorway, "By the way, is there someone that you would like me to speak to for you?" Kristen looked puzzled. She immediately wondered if he was referring to Robert St. Germain. She had a gut feeling that Karl knew about what had happened between them, but of course, that was not possible. Still, she felt weird and shook her head.  
     Kristen answered, "No Karl. There is no one. Everything is fine." Karl looked disappointed, "Very well then, until tomorrow." He nodded politely as he exited.      Kristen walked through her living room and gathered up her new items. She placed them in her closet without giving the dress a second glance. It was like an evil spirit was warding her away from it. 
   The next morning Kristen met up with Suzie to go to the fitness club. They were very competitive and liked to jog side by side on the machines. Suzie was jealous, when Kristen told her she would be meeting the British ambassador that evening.  
     She pleaded, "Oh, come on! Get him to find me a date too. I want to meet the Ambassador. He is so cute and he is available! He recently got divorced."  
     Kristen looked at her in disbelief, “Since when do you know about the British government? Did you start reading newspapers?"  
     Suzie gave her a rude laugh, "No mean girl! I read it in 
Vogue. Complete with glossy pictures of him."       Kristen mockingly acted relieved, "Oh, good. I would hate to think that you actually cared about what goes on outside your world." Suzie reached over to Kristen's treadmill and turned up the speed.  
     "Diva! You should talk. Run! You need to work it girl.”      Kristen had a great session and felt enough ounces lighter to fit into her new dress. When she returned home, she pulled it out of the closet and slipped it on. She still did not want to know who it was by, but it fit perfectly, like it was created for her. 
   It took much finesse to gather her hair and wind it sleekly up on top of her head. She gasped as she viewed the clip that Karl had given her. It looked like an heirloom and was encrusted with diamonds and rubies. She looked beautiful and she knew he would be impressed.  
     As instructed, she met the limousine on time and was rushed off to her special evening with Karl. The lights of the city blended into a dazzling display as they drove through the streets. The car then headed down Lake Shore Drive and turned west on Walton Place. She now realized that the party was being held at the Drake Hotel. 
This was a classy affair and she was ready!  
     Kristen strode gracefully through the front door and Karl was standing in the front lobby waiting to greet her. He looked very handsome in a black tuxedo and she was daunted by his appearance. Her nerve endings began tingling with excitement as he took her hand and walked her into the banquet room. He smiled, "You look ravishing my dear." 
     From the polished silver gleaming under the lights, to the beautiful tapestries on the wall, the room was oldworld magnificent, as only the Drake could do. There was a receiving line for the Ambassador, but Karl led Kristen straight up to him.  
     The dignitary was very attractive with a firm build and straight, thick hair. He looked to be in his early forties.          "Thomas, I would like you to meet Miss Kristen 
Stratford. She is the young lady that I mentioned to you."       Thomas pulled away from a group that he had been greeting and bent down to kiss Kristen's hand.       "Miss Stratford, it is my great honor to finally meet you." Kristen was taken slightly aback by his special attention. She wondered why Karl had even talked to him about her. Why were his friends so interested in her? Just exactly what did she mean to Karl? 
     Kristen smiled at Thomas and then couldn't help herself looking up into his eyes. He gazed back into hers and she felt an immediate connection. She felt her breath leave her as he pulled her toward him to kiss her on the cheek. His demeanor was seductive.  
     Thomas then held tightly to her hand and had her stay by him while he continued greeting his guests. Kristen knew it would not be polite to step away and she wanted to be with him, in fact, she felt compelled.  
     Curiously, Karl seemed more than alright with this, and he stood off to the side with his back turned to Kristen while he chatted with a few men.  
     The guests gave their fond greetings to Thomas, and as they walked past Kristen, she could not help noticing how perfect they all seemed to appear. The men were 
relatively the same age, with their handsome faces frozen in time, with no hint of aging. Their partners were much younger, with the same lustrous skin as Anna Marie. They all seemed to be matched sets! Above all, they seemed at peace. 
     The Ambassador dominated Kristen's attention throughout the evening. He had her placed next to him at the long dining table and Karl was seated at the other end with two gorgeous women adorning each side. He seemed quite happy with the arrangement. Kristen enjoyed the Ambassador's attention, but still didn't understand why this was happening.  
     Occasionally, Karl would look toward Kristen as if he was evaluating her and Thomas. He seemed as if he was acting more like a matchmaker than her date. It was too strange how this was all taking place, as if it was planned.      After dinner, there was some light dancing taking place, and at this point, Thomas departed from the room. Kristen was left sitting at the head of the table by herself. She was glad to see Karl's familiar face as he walked up to her. He held out his hand leading her to the dance floor.  
     Karl pulled her close, "Kristen, I hope you are enjoying 
Thomas and I know that he is also enamored with you." Kristen looked up at him in confusion and was ready to refute his statement, when Karl held her more tightly.       "Thomas and I would like you to accompany us to another gathering that is being thrown in his honor later tonight. He really wants to get to know you better. That is something that I want too. You can have the best of both worlds."  
     Kristen started to reply, but Karl brushed his finger across her lips to stop her. They silently danced a bit longer and then he gave her a friendly spank as he walked her to her chair. 
     Kristen knew exactly what he had been proposing and finally opened up. She slyly replied, "Karl, if you think I am going to do a twisted threesome with you and the Ambassador, you can just keep dreaming on. It's not going to happen."  
     Karl's eyes blackened with anger. Kristen grew fearful as he snapped, "We have not even had relations with each other. How can you go so low to make that statement? Get your pretty head out of the gutter Miss Stratford. This is neither the time, nor the place to speak like that."  
   Kristen still believed that she was right. Though she enjoyed the Ambassador's company, she still resented Karl for not paying enough attention to her this evening and especially for all past transgressions.  
     She now sarcastically said, "Please tell Thomas that I would love a hook up alone with him. You can watch us if you would like!" 
   Karl replied with disdain, "I can only assume Kristen that you have had too much to drink and that is why you are completely out of character right now. This is exactly why I have not delved further into a relationship with you. It is not that I am older than you. Again, the problem is that you are just too immature for me and most everyone else for that matter."  
     Kristen still wanted to keep on annoying him, “I believe you know Karl that I am just enough woman for you. Tell me exactly what type of place that you want to take me to tonight? Do I need to bring my black square with me? Is that the only way you can express yourself?"       She gathered more courage, "Karl. Why can't you show that you have feelings for me?"  
     With that, Karl pulled her into his arms and consumed 
Kristen in a kiss for the ages. When he finished, as far as Kristen was concerned, she had become his and finally quit challenging him.  
     He looked down at her with a knowing smile, “Now 
Miss Stratford... What were you trying to tell me?"       Kristen said nothing as she clinged to Karl while he said his good-byes, and then walked her out of the hotel.      The couple climbed into a limousine and headed south. Karl gently held Kristen’s hand as they sat close to each other. After a long silence, Kristen looked up at him, “Karl, ever since I met you, my life has changed. I am acting differently and I don’t know why this is happening? All I know is that I can’t get you out of my mind and I feel like everything that I do, whether good or bad, somehow it all comes back to you.  
      She leaned closer to him, “I feel that I have to be near you and I also feel that I should be running away. And most times, I don’t know what to feel.”  
    Karl smiled down at her, “It’s alright Kristen, I think you know deep within what is happening, but you won’t let it surface. And, you might think you know me, but I fear my dear,” he said with a chuckle, “you never really will.” He then let go of her hand and turned his head to look out the window. Kristen moved back to her side and pressed her head hard onto the tinted glass, as tears began to well in her eyes.  
     As she stared out, the scenery gradually looked more ramshackle and it soon became obvious that they were returning back to the closed nightclub in the questionable part of Chicago, that he had taken her before.       As they pulled up in front, Kristen noticed that this time the building was dark and there was no one in sight. 
She was surprised to see the front door wide open.       As they walked in, there were sheets partially draped over the furniture and the place had a musty smell. Karl led her through the main room and then downstairs to the lower level. Kristen looked fearfully around her at the familiar surroundings as Karl took her into the room with the crosses. They were now raised on pedestals and all facing downwards! 
     He lit a large floor candle and then reached over to her. 
Without a word from her lips, or even a flinch, he held Kristen up to the middle crucifix and gently strapped her hands onto the crossbar. As she hung from it, she watched him nervously, as he slowly walked behind her.       Kristen cringed as she felt the teeth of her zipper scrape against her skin as it was being slowly pulled. Karl then held his arms around her as he slid her dress off and onto the floor below.  
     He stood back and admired her as his strong hands reached out to follow the curves of her slight frame. She pulsated against them and pushed herself out toward him writhing in his grasp.    
     Kristen closed her eyes and longed for him to press his body hard against her, to become one with his dark mind, and be taken into his world. She knew she was supposed to be with him… 
     Karl's deep voice brought her abruptly back from her thoughts, “I am sorry Kristen. It's still not time yet. Please understand."  
     He then quickly pulled her out of the restraints. As he released her, she let out a deep sigh of disappointment and opened her eyes, as the candle flame flickered and the room filled with light. She felt vulnerable without her clothes and pulled her arms across her body to shield it.   
     She shivered in the icy room as Karl put out the candle and handed her garment to her. He then walked out slowly, as if he were hesitating.  
     Kristen dressed and then stumbled through the darkness as she made her way back upstairs. The club was still empty and Karl was nowhere in sight.  
     She searched around the front area, “Karl? Karl? 
Where are you?" There was no reply.  
     Kristen became worried and went back outside. She was relieved that the limousine was still there. The driver was holding the back door open for her, but Karl was not inside it. She got in, and without a word, the driver closed the door and proceeded to her house. The partition window was dark and remained tightly closed. Kristen sat in silence.  
     When they arrived, he appeared at the side of the car. 
She thanked him as he helped her out and asked,       "Where did Karl go?" He stood without expression and handed her an envelope.  
     "He wanted me to give this to you. Good night Miss."          He then returned to the car and drove away. 
   Kristen opened her front door and immediately went to her dining room table to read the note. As she tore open the side, a check for $75,000 fell out. Kristen shook her head, "How could he have known about Robert?" 
  
Dearest Kristen: 
I enjoyed your company this evening. I hope that it all makes more sense to you now and that our paths will cross again soon. No need to fear me. Please use this money wisely. Don't be afraid to take it.   Until then…Karl 
9 THE AMBASSADOR 
  
     The next morning found Kristen in such a conflicted state, that she was afraid to get out of bed.  
     “What was that all about last night?” 
     She tried to shake the sleep off. Then she just groaned and burrowed her head back under her pillow. It was way too early and she felt too weak to face the day ahead of her. 
     Kristen was completely mystified about Karl and could not believe that once again, she let herself get into those type of circumstances with him. 
     “I have absolutely no interest in that kind of stuff. What the hell is going on here? It’s like I have no way to back away from it?” 
     She was utterly bewildered. She didn’t feel safe anymore and felt it was even possible that she needed to move out of town to free herself from Karl’s grasp.       Then of course, he made it clear to her that he had no further interest in her. Which Karl was the real one? His moods changed too much for her to keep up with. She wished now that she had learned more about Karl from Andrew while she had the chance. She felt like calling him up. 
      She climbed out of bed and began looking for her cell phone. As she was about to reach for it, it rang. 
     “Oh, God! Please don’t let it be Karl. I absolutely can’t deal with this right now.” 
      A tingle, deep inside of her, reminded her that she was not through with him. In fact, she wanted him even more. She loved the level of excitement he brought to her whenever she saw him. It was like no other experience ever felt before. She eagerly clicked on her phone to answer the call. 
     “Kristen?”  
     Kristen pulled the phone closer to her ear. She could detect a British accent, but she wasn’t so sure it was Karl on the other end. 
     “Who is this?” 
     “Is this Miss Stratford?” Kristen almost felt like saying it wasn’t. 
     “I am sorry to disturb you this early in the day. This is 
Thomas.” 
     Kristen was incredulous, “You mean the Ambassador?” 
Her voice went into a high pitch, “You’re calling me?”      Thomas laughed, “Yes, that’s right. Don’t be so surprised. You left quite an impression on me. I was hoping that I could have spoken with you more at length. 
I find you both beautiful and fascinating.” 
     “Wow,” Kristen replied, “I don’t know how to react. I am kind of feeling shy now.” 
     “Well, then the best remedy for that is for us to get together today for a light brunch at my hotel. Would you like to do that Kristen? I would enjoy your company.”      Kristen paused, “I don’t know Thomas. Is Karl going to be there too?” 
     Thomas burst out, “Oh my, I hope not! That would be too crowded for my liking. As far as I know, he has already left town by now. He never stays in one place very long.” 
     Kristen said happily, “Well, then I would be glad to see you today.” 
     “I am happy to hear that, Kristen. I was supposed to swing by a few charities today and talk to their directors, but I would prefer to be with you.” 
     Kristen felt nervous. She wasn’t sure she could handle being with him. Thomas was so handsome and so out of her league. Again, it added to the list of occurrences that were happening around her, that just didn’t seem like they were meant for her to be the center of. It was like she was living someone else’s life now.   
     Kristen could not restrain herself, “Thomas, is it true that you are not married? My friend heard that you aren’t.” Kristen was afraid to hear his reply, she was afraid she was being too nosey.” 
     “Yes, unfortunately, I am also one who doesn’t stay very settled. I divorced my second wife last year. She had her sights set on my royal cousins. I was not enough for her, I guess.” 
     “I am sorry to hear that happened to you. By the way, how did you get my number? Did Karl give it to you?” 
     “No, the last thing I need is for Karl to think I want to talk to you.” 
     Kristen inquired, “You mean, he didn’t have plans for the three of us to get together last night after the party?” 
     “No. I am not sure what you are talking about?” 
Kristen could instantly detect the uncertainty in his voice.       Thomas quickly said, “Let’s end this call and converse in person. If 11 AM will work for you, I will send a driver over about 40 minutes prior to pick you up. I will meet you inside the Drake’s Palm Court. It is right near the hotel entrance.” 
     “That will be perfect. I will start getting ready. I look 
forward to seeing you.” 
     “And I look forward to being with you. I will see you later.” Thomas then hung up. 
     Kristen scrambled to the shower and then switched into high-gear to get ready. She was too excited for Karl to cross her thoughts again. He didn’t call anyway, so it was probably the end of something that never even took off. It was just another big waste of her time and energy.      A short while later, she heard a knock at her door. The driver was standing there.  
     “I am here for you, Miss. Please follow me.”      It was a quiet ride downtown and there wasn’t any traffic to battle. Kristen was let out in front of the hotel.      She walked toward the restaurant and was met by Thomas. He took her hand and kissed it as he led her to their table. 
     The room was relatively empty. Kristen guessed that they were before the lunch rush and she enjoyed the chance to be with Thomas in such a private setting. The wait staff filled her water glass and Thomas handed her a menu. Here, select something that you enjoy and I will order it too. Maybe you can teach me more about 
American cuisine. Surprise me.” 
     “Well, I bet you can’t find a nice fresh lobster in England. I think they usually catch them on our side of the Atlantic.” Kristen laughed, “So, I am going to have a lovely lobster salad.” 
     “And, I am going to have a big lobster,” Thomas replied, “I am very hungry. Seeing you is working up my appetite.” 
     Kristen blushed and looked down at the table. She could feel his eyes watching her. 
     “Tell me Kristen, I am trying to determine what type of relationship that you think that I have with Karl? More interesting, how well do you know him?” 
     Kristen was unsure of how to answer his question, “I really don’t know how to explain it Thomas. I cannot even figure it out for myself.” She knew not to tell him anything about the club in Chicago since she did not want to damage Karl’s reputation.  
     The waiter arrived with their meals and they began eating. After a few minutes, Kristen spoke, “I really thought that Karl had set us up to meet each other last night. He seemed to have pawned me off on you while he was concentrating on other people. It was like being on a blind date.” 
     Thomas chuckled, “Well, if it was our first date, I would have liked for it to be a bit more like courting you and much more romantic.” He then stretched his leg under the table and rubbed her knee with his foot.”      Kristen began to blush even more, “Aren’t you two good friends? That’s what I thought.” 
     “Karl and I may run in the same circles and belong to a few of the same country clubs, but we are in no way close to each other. It seems more of an obligation, rather than a friendship, when it comes to him.” 
     He then began to look very worried and changed the subject, “Kristen, if I thought you were interested in me, I would consider prolonging my stay here in Chicago in order to spend more time with you. Is that something you would also like?” 
     Kristen blurted out, “I am not a Hollywood actress or anyone famous, just what is it that you like about me? I am not trying to get down on myself, in fact, I do have a healthy ego, but how did this happen? What is the attraction?” 
     As soon as she said it, Kristen knew that she was making self-deprecating comments. Why was she trying to ruin this? Now, she felt as unsure with him, as she did with Karl. 
     Thomas reached across the table to take her hand.       
     “Just you, being you, is what I like. There is no acting on your part. You are not like most women who feel they have to take on a different personality to impress a man in my social standing.  
     That was the problem with both my wives, they couldn’t just love me for myself, it was everything but that. And it always made me feel that I was all alone. Even at my age, I have not yet found out what it truly means to be in love.” 
     Kristen said quietly, “That was beautiful Thomas. I don’t think I have been seriously in love either. Mostly they have just been infatuations. But I did have a crush on someone when I was young and I thought back then that it was love.” 
       “Ahh, young love.” Thomas left his chair and walked around the table, “May I?” He then bent down and gave Kristen a soft kiss. 
     She reached up and put her arms around his neck to kiss him back. She then laughed.  
     “OK, enough of the public display of affection. It is time to finish our brunch before we offend someone in here.” 
     Thomas said, “I would pay everybody to leave the room to be alone with you right now.” 
     Kristen gave him a little tap on his arm to get him to return to his seat. She laughed, “This is getting gushy now. Let’s just talk.” 
     “Again, you really know what to say to me.” Thomas grinned like a schoolboy, “I did have some scotch while waiting for you. Afraid it makes me a bit of a demon. And even worse, alcohol is like bloody truth serum. It always seems to get me in some kind of trouble.” 
     Kristen had figured as much and was glad that they were now going to carry on at an acceptable level. But she didn’t mind the kiss, and he made her feel very appreciated.” 
     She was about to start speaking again, when she looked at the restaurant window and noticed a black car on the side-street. It had three men inside and it was obvious that they were staring in the window at them.      “That’s funny,” Kristen said, and pointed.      Thomas leaned out of his chair to see what she was looking at. He saw the men and became visibly disturbed.      He stood up and pulled his cell phone from his pocket, “Excuse me, Kristen. I have to go out in the hallway to make an important call. Please remain here. Don’t go anywhere.” He then left. 
     Kristen seemed surprised at his abrupt departure. She looked out the window again and observed now that the car had moved down the street. She was not sure if the men were still inside it. 
     She started to eat the last of her salad and waited for Thomas. It was over twenty minutes before he returned.      She looked up as he walked back in. His face still showed concern, “I hope you don’t want any dessert,” he said, “I would like to leave now. We can take a walk outside in the courtyard and I will tell you why.”      Kristen reached for her purse as Thomas held her arm and guided her through a side door to the outside garden.      “Oh, it is beautiful out here. I have never seen this before,” Kristen remarked, “You can smell the flowers without even going near them.” 
     Thomas said nothing and walked her along the path. 
They now seemed to be headed for the street.       WHAM! Someone came up behind Thomas and hit him in the head, knocking him cold to the ground. Before, Kristen could help him, she was grabbed and a blindfold was tightly tied around her head. 
     “Looks like you chose the wrong path to take a walk today, Old Boy.”  
     Kristen could hear a thick British accent and tried to reach at her blindfold to pull it off. A man restrained her and she began to shake in fear.  
     The man spoke closely into her ear, “Calm down please. There is nothing for you to worry about Miss Stratford. No harm will come to you. We will see to it.”      Kristen cried out, “What did you do to Thomas, is he alright?” She violently shook her head around. The man now pulled back on both her arms and kept walking with her. Kristen could hear a gate open and then she was ushered into the back of an awaiting black limousine.       Inside the car, she began to kick at the seats and scream “My family will give you anything you want! 
Please let me go!” 
     Another man seated next to her said, “That’s quite enough. Quit kicking, or we will hurt you.” He then shoved a pill in her mouth and placed a large tape across it. 
     Kristen felt faint a few minutes later and drifted off. 
The men removed the tape and began to speak freely.         “Once again, we have had to take it upon ourselves to tidy up his business for him. I am sure that he will be very proud to hear what we have done for him today.”       Another voice answered, “I am going to call him now.”      “No, do not do that. We need to wait till we go down to see the others. I need to hear from them what steps should be taken next.” 
     Kristen was then driven to a private airport outside of Chicago. They pulled up to a hangar where a wheelchair was parked outside. Kristen was loaded into it and blackout sunglasses were placed on her head. 
     “She won’t be doing any more squeaking until we get down there. I gave her a good dose. Sorry to treat her in this fashion. She seems like a lovely girl.” 
     The jet soon took off and headed toward the south. Less than three hours later, they arrived at another small airport. As they rolled Kristen in another wheelchair to a car, she began to wake up. She was confused that she could not see and was afraid that she had gone blind.        Still very groggy, she reached up to her eyes. She realized that she had sunglasses on and began to pull them off. 
     “Oh no you don’t,” a man’s voice said, “Leave those on and stay quiet, otherwise I will put you out again. Maybe for good this time.” 
     The other man grimaced at him disapprovingly.       “Calm down, calm down, if this gets back to him how you are treating her, we are going to hear all about it.”       The car windows were open and Kristen could feel a balmy breeze. She guessed they were somewhere warm and thought maybe they were in the Bahamas. She was still quite out of it and fell back asleep. 
     A half hour later, Kristen fully came out of her drug daze and now found herself alone in a cool, windowless room. There was a wide door on one side and the air smelled strongly like fish. She thought she could hear water crashing against the walls and realized she was in a building next to water. 
     Where am I? Is this the ocean?  
     Again, she thought she must be in the tropics. She wondered how long she had been unconscious.      Where are those awful men? Why am I here? What did they do to Thomas? She pushed on the other door which was wooden, but it did not budge. 
     “Thomas! Thomas are you in there?” She put her ear against the door waiting for a sound. All she could her was the rumble of the building. She began to pound on the door and yelled, but only the echoes from her own voice resonated back at her. 
     Kristen walked back to one of the chairs and sat down to cry. She was completely frightened and knew that no one would be coming for her. No one knew she was even gone. She began wondering when one of her friends would figure out that she was missing? She wondered when they would save her? 
     She was completely powerless, completely alone…      Kristen heard footsteps outside the door.  She ran to it in anticipation of it opening.  
     “Stand aside Miss Stratford. Do not try anything and we will let you out.” 
     Kristen obediently stood off to the side, as the door cautiously opened. In walked three men. Kristen instantly recognized them as the men from the car in Chicago. She noticed that they were well-dressed and looked like they were wealthy businessmen. They all had a similar look to them. Middle-aged, clean-shaven, and athletically built. She thought of the dungeon party and the three men in the ski masks. She became even more frightened.      “Have you met me before? Why did you bring me here? Is Thomas alright?” 
     “Don’t you worry about our Ambassador, he is just fine and is on his jet back to London, where he belongs. You will not be hearing from him again. He knows not to contact you.” 
     “Why is this happening? What did I do? I don’t know you, and I just met Thomas. I think you have the wrong person. Please let me go! Please, you have to, I didn’t do anything!” 
     “Your silence will get you more favors granted than acting like a hooligan. Calm down now please. We are taking you upstairs to see the others. We will keep the blindfold and gag off of you if you just relax and enjoy yourself.” 
     Kristen decided not to fight it anymore. Although, she had been abducted, she sensed it had nothing to do with that at all, and she was curious to see what would happen next. 
     They climbed a short flight of stairs and she was led into a luxuriously furnished room. There were sculptures and elaborate paintings throughout. She glanced out the windows and was surprised to see palm trees and a wellmanicured golf course.  
     “What is this? Some kind of golf club? Are we in the States?” Kristen asked.  
     The men did not answer her and she was placed in a very large and comfortable arm chair. Then, the trio left the room.  
     Minutes later, several males entered and began congregating in small groups. The air was festive with their presence. Kristen felt better and straightened up in her chair. She knew that this was going to be alright for her now and she concentrated hard on what everyone looked like so she could relay her story to the F.B.I. as soon as she became freed.  
     This number of men couldn’t be kidnapping her, and something really, really strange was behind all this. The drugs were still somewhat affecting her and she felt woozy. She jokingly thought. Maybe, it is a surprise party for me. 
     As she looked closer at her new company, Kristen slightly recognized many familiar faces, but could not quite place them to a name. In fact, she knew that she had seen some of them on television and even in the papers. She could tell they were prominent figures by their appearance and speech, “Who were they?”      A few of the men walked up to her. One older man, who had a series of double-chins descending down his long neck said, “Well, well, who do we have here? What’s your name honey?” 
     Kristen now felt like a zoo animal on display. 
     The three men returned to the room, 
      “It is not for your concern Johnson. She is a guest of someone else.” 
     Another man piped up, “That’s one of the Stratford girls. Arthur’s youngest, I believe. Bless his wicked soul.”      Kristen perked up at hearing her father mentioned. She looked at the man closely. There was a glimmer of recognition, but she still wasn’t sure.  
     “You are right. I am Kristen Stratford. I don’t know why I have been brought here. Can’t you please help me?”      The man smiled at her and held up his arms, “I am sorry dear, this is out of my hands.” 
     Johnson gave the three men a snotty look, “Well, since you men are his Goon Squad, we all know exactly whose guest this is, and he is obviously not here. So why is she here? Does he know about this?” The three men looked annoyed at him. 
     He continued, “What have you fools done? I am going to call him right now. Maybe you are not aware of it, but this is not the way we do things on this side of the pond.”      Johnson turned his back to them and made his call. 
The three men stood still as they listened to him carefully.      “Hello there, good friend. Are you aware that your boys have fetched one of your guests and she is here waiting for you?” 
     Johnson spoke in hushed tones for a while. He then began describing Kristen to the voice on the other end. 
“Yes, yes, she is quite pretty, long hair….” 
     The whole room could hear the other voice now as he began yelling. Johnson moved the phone painfully from his ear and put it on the speaker feature. 
    “What have you done? Are you insane! Release Miss Stratford right now. This instant! What has gotten into you three? You transport her back home immediately and then report to me.” 
       There was a brief silence on the phone.  
     “Actually, I have just changed my mind. I now need you three to stay in place as you are. I am going to fly in on my jet tonight to Palm Beach. What is wrong with all of you? Why aren’t you following procedure?”      Kristen bolted up in her chair. She knew that voice sounded familiar but couldn’t be sure because it was somewhat distorted. One of the trio grabbed the phone from Johnson.  
     “Yes, we are very sorry sir. Under the circumstances, we felt that this would be what you would want us to do. You know that boundaries were crossed in Chicago by the Ambassador and we felt we needed to directly take care of it. He knows the rules and was completely out of place. 
We were only thinking of you.”  
      He then lowered his voice a decibel, “We will prepare the Guest House for your arrival. I believe your young buck has still taken up quarters in there. Should we ask him to find other accommodations?”  
       “No! I am mainly coming to town early because of him. 
He seems to be acting up once again. His testosterone levels are remarkable and they seem to be influencing his decisions lately. He has committed two egregious acts that need to be dealt with swiftly, one which personally affects me very, very deeply. I need you three to see that he is re-directed and will not endanger the club again. I will give you the specifics later…”  
     Kristen interrupted and started speaking loudly. She hoped the voice on the other end could hear her.       “You are all going to pay for this. I am going to the police right now.” She became more excited and pointed at all of them. “This whole room is going to jail. You are all guilty!” 
     The man with the phone became very mad. He reached into his suit pocket and pulled out a plastic bottle. He then roughly pulled Kristen’s head back by her hair, stuck it in front of her nose and sprayed hard. 
     “You will remember absolutely nothing about this young lady. You won’t even think it was all a bad dream!”      
     Kristen’s head fell down to her chest and her body went limp. The man then walked out of the room, with the two others behind him. The group resumed their activities like nothing happened.  
     A few minutes later, two women in long summer dresses entered and placed Kristen gently back into the wheelchair. She was rolled out to an awaiting van, returned to the airport, and then jetted back to Chicago.      After Kristen had been removed from the building, the men gathered their chairs in a circle to discuss what had just transpired.  
     Johnson looked cautiously down the hallway, closed the door, and began the conversation.  
     “Are those three miscreants gone now? I for one, am very disturbed by what took place here today in our quarters. We all have reputations to maintain and this type of breach presents a precarious situation for us all.”      Another member stated, “It is bad enough I have to worry about the G-20 coming up this fall. Who allowed his thugs to roam freely? I was told they would always remain behind the scenes. Perhaps, I will now only make myself available for our extra special functions. This club is sacred ground.” 
     Johnson looked amused, “Don’t be so full of yourself. We must all try harder to ensure our complete anonymity. If any of us were exposed, it would severely hinder what we have accomplished over these many years.” 
     Another man, wearing sunglasses and a wide-brimmed hat asked, “Before I leave town this week I need to know when we are getting together to determine the domestic timetable for next year?” 
     He stood up and faced the men, “I know my boys in the G.O.P. are anxiously waiting for the list. Now that “our” man is finally in place, we need to make this happen. Who knows how long we can keep him there? There appears to be more than the usual opposition. And, it only seems to be worsening.” 
     Johnson replied, “Well, if we want him out, we are the ones that can see to it. We already wreaked havoc all over Europe. Might as well finish the job. Those ridiculous environmental restrictions are my focus now. My companies have suffered enough.  
     We know that if our group did not exist, this world would be embroiled in very unproductive practices. Our influence is needed in order for it to remain on the correct path.”        
     The first member spoke again, “Oh, come on Johnson, you mean the path that leads to our uncapped wealth and prosperity. Let’s get a reality check here. No one in our club believes that this all comes from the goodness of our hearts. We have all gone to great lengths to enact our policies and we are all aware of how we must maintain them. Again, we must not be distracted from our list.”      The men chimed in unison, “Hear, hear!”      Johnson smiled, “I am satisfied that we are all in agreement. I have one more item of interest to bring up, before we go outside for a round of golf.”  
     He cleared his throat, “I am happy to announce that this year’s event promises to be even more spectacular. Once again, our founder and his staff have been working hard to procure the most exotic guests possible to add on to your portfolio. It will be a very captivating night and you will all need to rest up. Meeting adjourned.”       As the men were about to leave, the door was flung open and a wild-eyed woman came running in. Her dark hair and clothing were in disarray and she was violently trying to shake her wrist out of a handcuff. The other hand was already free. Johnson immediately motioned to a security camera on the wall. 
     One of the men commented, “Looks like another one of our young guests was not secured properly.”      The woman looked confused and cried out, “What is going on here? Please help me! My name is Lind…” Her voice tapered off in fear as the two women quickly returned to the room. As they both took hold of the her, one of them said,     
     “Sorry gentlemen, we were busy with the Chicago visitor and this young lady managed to slip off one of her cuffs. She walked by the guards completely unnoticed. We will make sure this does not happen again.”      Johnson grumbled, “Damn it! Then you need to feed her more! This always happens when he is not in town.”        He then took a pretend golf swing, “Now on to more important things. Let’s get at least nine holes in before it gets too dark, I have a new putter to break in.”       The men laughed, placed their arms around each other’s shoulders and left as a group. 
     Later, Gregory returned from a late night of carousing off the island. He proceeded through the gate and was surprised when he saw that the Whitestone Guest House was completely lit up. Driving further, he noticed a familiar black town car in the driveway.   
     As Gregory entered the building, he was welcomed by a strong fist to the jaw by of one of the club’s security men.  
     Gregory cried out, “What the hell was that for?”      A stern voice from the next room answered for him.       “That was for bringing an unauthorized guest to these premises several weeks ago. You made quite a mess of things. It looked like a cyclone hit. If you weren’t my blood, you would be suffering greater consequences. You know my rules, Gregory. Any “special guests” are to be taken to the club immediately for containment and preparation and not delayed here for a period of time for your own amusement.”        Karl then walked into the room and threw a ragged blonde wig into his face. 
     Gregory proclaimed, “Well, I did at least do some major scrambling, including a quick trip west to make sure it was all taken care of.” He held his mouth which was now swelling up.  
     “Karl, I think that bloke chipped some of my teeth!”  
     Gregory looked angrily at his aggressor. Karl gave a nod and the security guard walked out of the room. 
     Karl coldly stared at Gregory and he instantly dropped to his knees, “I am genuinely sorry sir. It will not happen again.” 
      “Gregory, if you continue to violate my directives, I will revoke all of your privileges. The mere fact that you have been romancing all your bimbos in MY bed is unforgivable. And, you bringing that California woman’s vehicle here was nothing but careless. I was told that it could be spotted from the street.”       
      His voice grew angrier, “Furthermore, despite what you think, you did a less than stellar job of covering your tracks. I truly thought that I taught you better. Now that girl is causing a major disruption and no one wants her. So, you need to tell me what plans that you now have for her and I 
will let Hicks know. She is your responsibility.”       Gregory just hung his head in silence. 
     Karl put his hand gently on Gregory’s cheek, 
     “Very well. Now clean yourself up and join me at the club for a late brandy. It should take the edge off your pain and your bruised ego. I am flying back to London in the morning and will not return until the ceremony later this year. Please do not give me cause to change these plans.” Karl then walked into his study and closed the door. 
      
     Now safely back in Chicago, it had also been a very long night for Kristen, and one that she would never remember. When she awoke the next day in her own bed, all that she had left from her experience was a bad headache.  
     For her, the day simply did not happen. Too bad that she did not remember brunch with Thomas and that he could have possibly been her love match. It would have made the upcoming months in Chicago even more enjoyable as she aspired to make her life more rewarding. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 THE WHITESTONE 
  
Several sunrises later… 
  
     Sunset was fast-approaching when a large industrial barge sporting a ragged foreign flag lumbered its way through the murky waters of the Intracoastal. It slowed its pace as The Royal Park Bridge prepared to allow for its passage. The gears began to grind and the grated structure creaked as it slowly made its ascent.  
     As its shadow settled in at the foot of the bridge, a magnificent Rolls-Royce Phantom appeared. The Bridge Master shot his balding head out of the tower window and waved his dingy white short-sleeved arm toward the vehicle. He knew who was in the car and without hesitation, he reversed the controls to return the overpass to its sedentary position. 
     From the backseat, Karl smirked and gazed down at his lucent reflection on the laptop. It was all about the power and the look, and he had it! He raised a hand carefully to move his titanium designer sunglasses up onto his head as he further admired himself.  
     Karl had always been the perfect specimen. His toned physique rivaled no other. He pointed his nose up into the air and surveyed his firm chin. Satisfied, he then closed the cover. He was indeed a handsome “devil” and was far, far superior in every way.  
     It truly seemed to be all about him these days and the world was just as he wanted it to be. He fit in comfortably amongst the mayhem and flourished above the struggles of mankind and the downwards trend away from all that was good. Karl in all his blackness was quite content. He was unyielding and unapproachable, with an iron will that was forged from the depths.  
      As his driver continued over the bridge, Karl felt at home again. It had been too long since his last visit and he had arrived days ahead of the “usual” time to attend to the more important matters. He was back and this definitely was “his” town. He knew that his prize was now awaiting him and all was prepared for his arrival… 
  
     The Whitestone Country Club had a compelling history. The club site was carefully chosen back in the 1930’s and it had been built into the side of a bluff adjacent to a deep vortex in the ocean, which was fondly called Hell’s Tunnel. It was considered by some to be a powerful and endless energy source.      
     There had always been the belief that the tunnel had no bottom to it and that the past inhabitants, mythical, ideological, or otherwise, offered up their human sacrifices to these volatile waters in order to be sucked into the hole to feed the demons below. 
     The present-day members kept their yachts moored by a portal which was carved into the rocks and led to the lower cavern of the club. It gave them the special mobility to enter and leave with their guests without being noticed.       The club had always followed a strict protocol. It was exclusively male, no exceptions. Openings only occurred upon the death of a member, or by a rare invitation from the very top.  
     Many of its initiates were selected at an early age and mentored to ensure their entrance to the finest schools. Then, they were off to the exalted positions throughout the world. Often, the Whitestone key was passed down from father to son.  
     The Black Veil Society was the driving force behind the club. As the regular club members conducted their daily and mundane social rituals, The Black Veil had their own dark rites. And, in essence, the club served mostly as a front for those activities that occurred in the shadows.       These special members were less concerned with maintaining their power and status on earth and focused more on their immortality. It was their belief, that in order to ensure perpetual bliss, that they needed to find someone special to move on with them. 
      “Death do us part” was the only vow the Black Veil took seriously. And of course, the “significant others” of these men had no clue that they were to be ditched at their respective death-beds; whoever went first.  
     Simply put, their better halves had served their purpose on earth and were not needed beyond that. Most of the members’ sham marriages had been considered mergers, for either status, sexual, or financial reasons. Or, they conveniently enabled them with regards to a myriad of other choices. Usually, love was rarely a factor. And, if it was, it struggled into their later years. 
     It was an insurmountable challenge when it came to finding The Black Veil’s eternal partners. They were also fondly referred to as their Intendeds. Without any say in the matter, the veiled were the ones who would leave with the men when the time came. Or, more commonly, would already be waiting for them on the other side. The latter, was usually due to some unforeseen and mostly unfortunate arrangement. 
     As these men trolled the world for their Intendeds, their dangerous egos openly thirsted for a quenching of their fiery lust. Their clandestine backrooms entertained a variety of guests with whom they lightly inflicted both their frustrations and fantasies upon. It was an endless line of prospects that were tried out and then cast off, as readily as the men used the universe and everything else in their lives.       For on the long way down, the search for their final companion was exhaustive until the special one was found who touched their thorny hearts. And quite often, more than one was needed; for eternity truly was a very long time.  
     
     Kristen Stratford was finally sitting comfortably by the pool in her new Palm Beach house. A few months before, her stepmother had passed away after a brief illness and the Stratford children finally received their inheritance.       Kristen’s swank domicile was 12,000 square feet, which was small compared to Palm Beach standards. It was located only a few blocks from the ocean, but not on the ocean; like Kristen had always dreamed of.  
     It was very modern with a tropical ambience and she kept it filled with flowers. A sense of calm had now been restored to Kristen, at least when it came to everything, except her love life. 
     Kristen was more concerned these days with her charity work and she was quite talented at making money for all of the good causes, especially animal rights and preserving the environment. She had been invited to sit on a few committees and she was aiming to be a chair for a major gala. She was now recorded in the elusive Social Register under her name, not her father’s.  
     As she innocently carried on with her life on the island, there was not much left that surprised her, or that she didn't have insider knowledge of, except the elusive Whitestone. The men that went there were the crème de la crème!       She didn't know why, but lately she had been having strange dreams about it. Kristen began learning more about the club through off-the-cuff comments and muffled whispers. It piqued her curiosity and even in the daytime she couldn't stop thinking about it. It was the only place that she had not been invited to yet for an engagement, or a meal. She felt like it was being kept from her.      
     One perfect Palm Beach afternoon, floating in her pool and fueled by red wine, Kristen was obsessing again about the Whitestone and the fact that Gregory had taken her to that strange house on its property.  
     Curiously enough, she started recalling from her childhood that her father had items bearing the club's name, that were hidden away in the back of various drawers and closets in their Palm Beach house. She had never thought to question him about it and figured it was just another silly club. 
     As Kristen re-filled her glass, her imagination switched to overdrive and she began to really go out on a limb. She thought that if she ever did hook up with a member that it would not be just by coincidence.  
     She would never put it past her father to have made some type of arrangement to ensure this type of fate. It would be along the same premise of “offering your firstborn to the Devil in return for his blessings.” She began laughing to herself, “Of course, that wouldn’t work because I am the youngest.”  
     Then she drunkenly thought again. Since her father had been extra successful, maybe he had to bequeath all of his children and now she was next? Her sisters certainly acted like they married “Stepford” husbands. She giggled as she paddled through the water, “Yes, I would definitely not put that past him.”   
     Mr. Stratford had always been somewhat secretive about belonging to the Skull & Bones at Yale and he knew many political figures from there. He was also a prime member in The Council on Foreign Relations. These groups had always been clouded in controversy and conspiracy theories. Whitestone seemed to be right in line with them, maybe even more so.   
As she climbed from the pool and reached for a towel, she thought again about her last meeting with Gregory. She took one last sip of wine and further discerned that she was 
getting too old for dalliances with playboys like him, no 
matter how sexy he was. She had to get back on course and keep looking for the man she desired on all levels and couldn’t live without. She sensed she would soon find her answers.  
She knew she was getting closer, she could feel him, 
he was on the island somewhere… 

11 ANTHONY FIORE 
  
     Kristen was quite looking forward to going out tonight. The Season was nearing and she enjoyed the fact that once again, there was a global selection of men. It made dating even more interesting. More yachts arrived each day at the docks at the end of Australian Street.  
   At the last moment, her two friends called and said they weren’t going to go. One said it was because she was “sick of the old Palm Beach men”, “That’s just peachy,” Kristen thought, “She really didn’t mind going solo, because she knew she would not be alone for long.  
     She wished that Suzie would move down from Chicago. She would never back out on plans, especially on the cherished Friday night. She was a great friend and always liked the same things that Kristen enjoyed. 
     Kristen started assembling her best attractants, which included her new Dior cocktail couture with the exposed back, and her Chanel clutch. It took almost two hours before she approved her hair and make-up. It was getting close to prime time at the lounge and she needed to force herself away from the vanity.  
     She clacked her way to the car in four-inch Manolos. It was the perfect night, with just the right amount of humidity. There was also a full moon out and it lit up the ocean as she drove past it. Kristen felt hopeful and sensed that it was going to be a special night for her.      She pulled up to one of her favorite venues and was instantly greeted by the valet service. As she walked in, the bar was alive with pop quartet music and conversation. The lights were set low to create a romantic atmosphere. They were also dim enough to hide the cheating spouses at the back tables from inquiring eyes.  
     Jerry, the bartender greeted her and gestured toward the only empty seat left, “Welcome back Kristen! It has been a while.” He scooped up the reserved sign and placed her usual Absolut and orange juice in front of her.  
     “How are you doing tonight?” He leaned over to give her a kiss on her cheek.    
     “I’m on the hunt by myself tonight.” 
     Jerry smiled and placed a bowl of cashews in front of her.      “Are you dining at the bar?”  
     “No thanks, I am not hungry.” Kristen laughed. 
     Jerry pointed to the crowd, “You just missed the West Palm and other wannabees. They left as soon as I told them the drink prices. At least, I didn’t have to waste my time carding them.” 
     Kristen shook her finger at him, “That’s not very nice to say Jerry. Even the Palm Beach crowd thinks your prices are outrageous.” 
    Jerry laughed, “Quite true. But I do make their drinks very strong and worthy of the cost.” 
     Kristen smiled at him and looked around. Normally, this establishment was for the more mature patrons over age sixty; usually way over. And the older they were, the younger their dates seemed to be. Tonight, it was refreshing to see that plenty of men of all ages were present.      
     The circular bar had a line of liquor bottles on shelves in the middle, that obscured the view of the other side. If you didn’t eventually see someone you liked on your side, you needed to pick up shop and go over there. 
      Judging by the two people that were sitting next to her, Kristen was more than ready to change sides. She halflistened as a droll man with red hair and matching rimmed glasses, rambled on to a non-descript woman about his failed efforts to procure membership in the various island clubs. 
Like an overgrown baby, his stubby legs barely made it to the rungs of his bar stool. 
    “They told me the waiting list goes on forever,” he whined as he sipped at his cranberry spritzer; the cheapest offering on the bar menu.” 
     The woman also seemed anxious to get away from him. She replied, “Well, maybe you can try one of the yacht clubs in West Palm. You can mention my ex-husbands name, but leave me out of it. I am just starting to get my new name around town and they don’t need to know I suggested this. I think they will let in anyone, but I am not sure. Do you even have a boat?”      
     Kristen smiled. There was no “list”. She knew if the clubs wanted him, he would have already gotten in. In fact, they would have sought him out. Most times in this tiny monarchy, it just didn’t matter how rich you were. That was only half the process. It was all about the game and you had to know how to play it. 
     She glanced at the cashmere sweater tied around his neck. For a fortyish man, he looked like he probably still lived at home and his doting mother dressed him. Possibly, he had nothing to show for himself and that is why he blended in so well with the beige background of the town.  
      A well-grayed man sat down next to Kristen and began talking to her.  
     “Can I get you another drink sweetheart?” 
     Jerry promptly came over and placed a fresh one in front of her. Kristen was not sure she wanted the obligation that came with the cocktail, since she was on a roll tonight and wished to remain independent until she found someone that she really wanted to speak with.  
     She graciously tipped her glass toward him and gave a nod to thank him.  
     “Can I get you to dance with me when the next slow song plays?” He smiled at her. 
     Kristen did not want to disappoint him.  
     “Sure, that is very nice of you to ask.” 
     Kristen found the man interesting to talk to as she kept her eye roving around the room for others. She learned he was from Boston and in town for the week-end to make sure the repairs on his mega mansion were being taken care of. 
     As Kristen peered through the bottles, she noticed a man staring back at her with a quizzical look. She saw him pull out a pair of glasses as he studied her more intently.  
     The song changed and she now accepted her neighbor’s request. The dance floor was the size of a postage stamp and it was not easy to avoid the other toes. Even though, Kristen had her back to the man who had been watching her, she could still feel those eyes on her. She glanced over her shoulder at him. He had now moved a few seats closer to get a better look at her, practically leaning off his chair.  
     “Robert St. Germain!” Kristen completely froze up in fear, as she realized who it was.  
     Kristen begged her partner, “I’ve got to get out of here. Please help me!” He rushed her into one of the private side dining rooms.   
     Jerry observed this and hurried over with her purse. He came into the room with them and locked the door. Now that Jerry was there, her baffled dance partner returned to the bar. 
     “What’s wrong?” Jerry asked. 
     “There is a man in there from Chicago who I am really afraid of.”  
     Jerry gave her a doubtful grin.  
     “Seriously Jerry, he is a real nut case. How can I get out of here?”     
      Jerry now looked a bit worried, “There is a door in here that leads to the garbage area and then out to the side street. You valet parked. Right?” Kristen nodded.       “I will tell the valet to meet you over there. Don’t worry, you will be fine.”  
     Kristen was thankful that he did not try to ask her any more questions about Robert, it was too long of a story.       “Thanks Jerry, you are seriously a life-saver.”       As Kristen rushed out the back exit, she was mad that her evening was cut short right at the beginning of it. The valet was waiting with her car.  
     Now that she was outside and Robert was nowhere in sight, she calmed down a bit.  
     “To hell with him. I am not ready to surrender the night yet.”  
     Kristen began the two-block drive down the street to the Brazilian Court Hotel to hide out in their small restaurant. She passed her car onto the next valet.       Looking nervously behind her, she walked in the hotel entrance. She felt safe now. Although, Brazilian Court was very popular, she doubted Robert was classy enough to know about this island insider place. Most of all, he wouldn’t be able to use his phony credit cards here.      She walked through the lobby and into the quaint area, were a few people dined at the small tables. She observed that all of them looked married, or on dates.       As she narrowly brushed by a table of four businessmen, they stopped talking and took a look at her. 
She gave them a shy smile.  
     One of the businessmen stood up and took a seat at the bar, turning his high chair to face outward. He then crossed his arms and stretched out his long legs. It seemed that he was deliberately trying to block her from walking by.  
 Kristen looked down at his very expensive shoes, anticipating that he would pull them back in. They didn’t move. She then looked up at his face. He was laughing at her.      “No, no, you’re not getting out of here without letting me buy you a drink first.” The other men from his table were watching and were very amused.  
     “Oh, if you must,” Kristen said with a pretend sigh. She sidled into the chair next to him.  
     “Come with me. Let’s go sit in the love seat,” he said, and motioned to the waiter. He helped her off the chair and held her hand lightly, as they walked over to a private area which faced away from his friends.  
     His companions all waved at them and went back to their discussion. The waiter came over with a very impressive bottle of red wine and set it on the low glass table in front of them.    
     “Will there be anything else Mr. Fiore?”  
     “No, that will be all, thank you.”  
     Kristen thought to herself, “Ooh, la, la, an Italiano.”       Mr. Fiore leaned over and poured Kristen a glass, and then one for himself. Kristen enjoyed his attention.  
     He handed her the glass and then raised his, saying,      “Here’s to meeting my Dream Girl.” Kristen was surprised that he was talking like this.    
     She looked him over. He was wearing a light summer suit and had a strong build, structured limb by limb, and coated with a great natural tan. His hair was dark brown, designercut, with a kind face, and dark green eyes that were inviting. He had that Palm Beach look, like he had just come off the golf course or his yacht. 
     Kristen was feeling timid and didn’t know what to say. She coyly smiled at him, as she took large sips of her wine for courage.  
     He tried to read her moves, “So, does the Dream Girl have a name?”  
     “Kristen,” she mumbled into her glass. She never acted like this before. She was so nervous.  
     She straightened up, “Kristen Stratford,” and held out her hand. He rubbed it softly and Kristen felt a slight rush of adrenalin.  
     “I am Anthony Fiore.”  
     Her body warmed another ten degrees. She finished her glass and Anthony stood ready with the bottle and topped her off again.  
     Whatever nerve she had briefly honed in on, now shriveled away. She sank back in the seat, tapping her foot. He was really going to have to pry a conversation out of her.       Anthony said cheerfully, “Let’s do some shots. A lot of them.” He ordered a tray of the best whisky in the house for their group. His friends toasted his idea with their empty glasses.  
     Anthony handed Kristen her shot and held another one in his hand watching her intently. She drank it with ease.       “Now drink this one.” He handed her the other one, like a mother bird with a worm, and smiled as she tossed it down even faster. It smoothly descended through her body, warming her all over, everywhere.   
     Anthony guzzled two shots and then turned his body toward her, pushing her into the cushions and began kissing her. They were locked together for a few minutes when Anthony suddenly remembered where they were and straightened both of them back up.  
     They laughed and held onto each other’s hands tightly. The tray of shots was empty. His friends were now pushing back their chairs.  
     “We are going to some bars up north. We want to stay out late and see some more action.” One of them added, “You two coming with?”  
     Anthony said, “Maybe I’ll catch up with you later.” He stood up and shook their hands.  
     He turned back to Kristen. Leaning down, he offered her his arm.  
     “Well, we can end this meeting the proper way and I’ll give you a call...”  
      Kristen looked at him like she was afraid to lose him.       “Or, we can get a balcony pool suite here and enjoy this beautiful tropical night together. No obligation. We can just relax.” 
     Kristen instantly knew this was right for her and didn’t think of how it looked, or when it would end. Though, she was not a fan of one-night stands, she had a strong feeling that this meant something else, and that she just wanted to be with him. It felt like they had already been together for a long time.  
     She remained quietly seated, while he walked over to the front desk. He then came back for her and held his arm snuggly over her shoulders. He seemed to walk for her as they went down the hallway and then up the stairs to their room.  
     The suite was cozy with a large bed that was arrayed with a plush comforter and ruffled pillows. Anthony walked over to the French balcony doors and dramatically opened them.  
     “Oh, what a gorgeous sky, Kristen. Go out there and look at it.”  
     A warm and floral wind swirled playfully through the room. The moon was softly peeking out through the Royal Palms and it was so romantic. Kristen walked outside, gazing below at the tranquil pool.  
     Anthony came silently from behind, slowly swaying her in front of him.  
     “You are so beautiful Kristen; I know this will be our night.”  
     He ran his hands along her dress and raised it upwards over her head. He pulled her tightly against him, rubbing and kissing inside her shoulder and slowly down her skin.  
     “Oh, Anthony, that feels so good.”  
     She trembled as he reached in front of her, sliding off her black silken panties, caressing her with his fingers from each side. She felt him hardening on her back. Anthony kissed her passionately, leading her to the bed and laying her down gently.  
     Melting into one, their heated bodies writhed with each strong, penetrating stroke. He brought his head down to meet her lips. He was so wonderful!  
     Anthony gave a long moan as he released and they both climaxed hard together. Kristen lay breathless as he kept his face softly on hers.  
     When she awoke hours later, Anthony was holding her and smiling sweetly. He was still deep within her. Without words, he made love to her again. This time he was very tender and she softly sighed as they spiraled. They cuddled together and fell soundly asleep. 
     It was almost check-out time when they awakened.       Anthony smiled, “Wow, that was some great loving. We move very well together. I am so glad that I met you.”       There was a large whirlpool bath and Anthony helped her climb in. She lay back into his arms with her eyes closed, as he took a washcloth and bathed her in suds. They were too tired to even think about sex. This was definitely not a onenight stand and they were acting like they very much cared for each other. There was not much conversation, it was all emotions.  
  Eventually, they dressed and headed to the lobby. Anthony gave the valet the tickets for both of their cars and they were swiftly brought to the front. He had a fantastic black Ferrari! He embraced her, pushing against her car door, and gave her a long kiss. She lowered herself into the car and he kissed her again through the open window.  
     “Give me your phone.” Kristen reached into her purse and handed it to him with no questions. He dialed his number into it and she could hear his phone buzzing in his suit coat.       He patted his pocket, “There, now we both have each other’s number. I will call you later today before I head out to New York. I am in the middle of a business deal and I need to be on the mark.” He stood in the driveway and waved as she drove off.  
     Kristen spent most of her day being lazy. As promised, Anthony called her that afternoon. They had a wonderful time talking and were as comfortable as old friends. When they finished, he promised to call her again after he returned from his trip. He was leaving in an hour. 
     Kristen was in a great mood for the next two days and she wondered if Anthony was going to turn into an actual boyfriend. That was until Monday afternoon when she saw the Palm Beach Daily News.  
     She had turned to the society section and on the front page was Anthony twirling a countess at a gala that had been held on Saturday night, when he was supposedly in New York. She was a raven-haired beauty and was drenched in emeralds. 
     Kristen felt a knot growing in her stomach. She was angry that she had been treated just like she feared, like a “onenight stand”. It was her fault. She knew she should not have slept with him right away.   
     She lamented, “Why can’t I find the right man? Why is this always so hard?” 
     Later that day, Anthony phoned her and she chose not to answer. He left her a voicemail, but she was too depressed to listen to it.  
     An hour later the phone rang again. Again, it was Anthony! This time she wanted to talk to him and she was too excited to think about the other woman. There was a lot of static on the line and Kristen was having great difficulty trying to understand him.  
     “I’m on my boat,” he told her, cupping his hand over the phone. Kristen could hear the wind hollowing out his voice.    
     “Well, it’s the perfect day for that, wish I was there.”  
     “I’ll take you out tomorrow, ever snorkel?”  
     She did not want to tell him that she was too afraid of 
sharks, “Just in a swimming pool.”  
     “Well, I am going to take you to an amazing spot. You will love it. You can swim fast, can’t you?”  
     “Yeah, I swim pretty well.”  
     Anthony laughed, “In that case, I am going to bring you over to my house tonight and I will chase you around the pool. The wind was getting too strong for him to talk further and she could barely hear him say, “I will call you later.” Kristen never thought to challenge him about his New York trip and just said good bye. 
     Anthony arrived at Kristen’s in the early evening for their date. His nose was very sunburned from his boat. He swept her up and lapped her face.  
     “Ooh yuk, she giggled.  
     Anthony was extra enthusiastic, “So, are you ready to go swimming with me?”  
     Kristen asked, “If we are in your pool, I don’t need a suit? Right?”  
     He laughed, “You need one for where we are going.”  
     Kristen questioned him, “Where is that?”  
     “We’re popping over to the Bahamas for the night. Go grab your bikini and your passport.”  
     She excitedly ran to find them, and her purse. When she returned, Anthony grabbed her and pulled her out to a limo.       Kristen protested, “No, I can’t go like this, I need to bring more things.”  
     “You don’t need anything; you look great and we’re going now. My jet is already out of the hangar.”  
     He patted her behind and tackled her into the supple leather of the back seat. His driver closed the door behind them.  
     In his next move, he had Kristen’s legs in the air reaching for the ceiling, as he burrowed into her. She couldn’t even catch her breath. He was on her like a horny Tom Cat. After they were done, they both sat back breathing hard.          Kristen gasped, “I thought we would have saved that for your jet.” 
     “Oh, don’t you worry Dream Girl, we’ll do it again. We’ve got an hour trip. I’m going to be on you the whole way!”      He meant it. The flight was a little bumpy and it made the sex even better. Kristen didn’t think she would be able to get her land legs back, when the jet touched down on the runway. Anthony was well-endowed and she needed some recovery time.  
     Anthony looked peacefully out the window holding her hand, “This might just be the second time we have been together, but I think this is going nicely for us, I really enjoy your company.” 
     Kristen agreed with him, “I am loving this!” 
     Anthony reserved one of the best suites at The Atlantis. They decided to stay for two days and spent most of the time inside walking around naked. They made love in every room and even on the balcony.   
     Late at night, they went out to one of the garden pools and swam in the humid darkness. Amid the night’s stillness, they were under stars so close, that Kristen reached up to touch them. She could almost feel their heat. As each hour passed, it became evident that the couple appeared to be falling hard for each other and Anthony never left her side.      Kristen was feeling so strongly for Anthony, that she thought she should now confront him about the party, on the jet ride back. She was not willing to let her feelings overtake her until she knew where she stood with him, and what he felt for the countess and others. 
     She was blissfully lying back on the long window couch with his arms wrapped around her. They were getting ready to land, when she finally asked him.  
     “How is your Countess doing? Was she in New York with you last week?”  
      Anthony was puzzled, and then looked resentful. He asked, “What do you know about her?”  
     Kristen replied, “I saw your pictures in the paper. I believe that was a party in Palm Beach, and not up north.”       She was dismayed when Anthony stiffened and pulled himself away from her to sit farther down the couch.       He quickly answered, “Her date backed out at the very last minute. I delayed my trip to attend the party. She is an old friend.” Kristen said nothing. 
     Anthony now turned on her, “You’re not going to really act like this and question me, are you? I had only just met you the night before.”  
     Kristen looked even more distraught at his reaction. It seemed that he had a temper.  
     He continued, “Maybe, this just isn’t the start of a healthy partnership. I don’t have the time for your insecurities if you are that type of woman.” 
     Instead of trying to act sorry for asking, Kristen said, “Maybe you are right Anthony. I can meet plenty of playboys and you don’t need to be one of them.”  
     She stood up and walked to the front section of the jet to sit near the pilot. Anthony grinned and waved when she reached behind her to pull the curtain across the aisle.      When they landed, Anthony helped her down the stairs and they were both very polite with each other. He gave her a peck on the cheek, “I’ll give you a call.” 
     Kristen went on with her week, like nothing had happened and she forced herself not to think about Anthony. To do this, she tried to lose herself in her childhood memories of Michael Hansen again.  
     She could only see his face now, not Anthony's, and she fantasized about how handsome he was, and what it would be like to have him with her right now. She knew that Michael would love her unconditionally and always be faithful to her. It was ingrained in his character. He also did not easily anger, like Anthony. 
     It had been a long time since her idyllic younger life on the North Shore. Michael obviously never saw Kristen in his future plans or he would have done something about it by now. Kristen wondered, Michael had always seemed happy when he saw her, so why wouldn’t he pursue her?       She then decided that it wasn’t healthy for her to keep day-dreaming like this. Instead, she planned to immerse herself into other activities.  
     She began to spend an extraordinary length of time at the health club and started to attend various party committee meetings. She even made the big move to join the island’s chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution. Her mother would have been overjoyed! Many of her mother’s friends were members. Kristen was easily one of the youngest there and found the luncheons a bit boring.      At one meeting, she had the great fortune to be seated next to Ariel Whitcomb, a top socialite in her seventies. She knew practically every person on the island. She invited Kristen to a very exclusive party that was being held at one of the local country clubs on Saturday night. Best of all, she did not need to have a date. 
     When Kristen returned home, she called up Melanie and convinced her to fly in that week-end and go to the party. 
Melanie thought it would be great time and booked her flight as soon as she hung up. Again, neither one mentioned Linda. She was now ancient history. But Kristen still missed her company; she was a lot of fun. 
 
     Kristen spent the rest of the week preparing for the event. 
She hated spray-tans, so she drove over to the Breakers Hotel and lay on their private beach, alongside a glistening assortment of the most perfect bodies on the planet.       One had to adhere to the impossible standards when you were in Palm Beach. There was an invisible bar that was always raised just outside your grasp. It made you strive to be the best and reach higher. Otherwise, you wouldn’t get a second glance. 
     There was always an international selection of women that were meticulously groomed, waxed, and manicured, to compete with. It was cut-throat business when it came to looking for the men here, and there was an abundance of plastic surgeons, stylists, and vitamin supplement gurus to cater to them. 
     Some of these ladies were the nastiest, materialistic, and vainest beings that were ever created by the Devil, or by a God; who most certainly was a female. But you would never see that side of them as they smiled sweetly standing by their man, or someone else’s.  
 
      It usually seemed that it was the year-round condo dwellers, week-end visitors, or the off-island “outsiders” putting on the most airs, rather than the seasonal estate dwellers. Thanks to them there was never a bar seat available during the Happy Hours, and the B.S. noise levels were off the charts. The islanders knew to wait until mid-evening to peacefully venture out. 
      
     Palm Beach was also overrun by a special male breed. These trust fund babies had no need for a job, good looks, or even a conscience. They always had desirable women at their side and it was obvious why.  
     They at first doled out the gifts to lure them into their beds. Then, after the intrigue of “the life” wore down, their dates soon realized that they couldn’t go through with it, no matter what the perks, and moved on for a better deal; or even a downgrade to a regular life off-island. 
   
     Kristen was glad that she was not like any of the island species. She felt she just needed to be herself. Usually, her sunny personality was enough to easily charm the men that she came across. Of course, she had her princess moments too, but she was relatively manageable when it came to her needs and expectations. And again, she was honestly in it for love. She just couldn’t pretend, no matter how rich someone was. And it didn’t hurt either that she had her own money.        
     Now that she was getting older, Kristen felt more of a need to do the looking. She had no time to wait for her prince to just show up on her doorstep. She certainly did not envision her future being an old maid with six cats, but it could happen, since she was too picky about what she wanted.      She thought about how she handled the situation with Anthony on his jet and determined that she should have never brought the subject up. She should have tried harder to develop the relationship with him and see where it would lead. She hoped she would have another chance with him.       On Saturday afternoon, Melanie called when she landed to say she would meet her at the party and that she was bringing her friend Kate. 
     Kristen spent a few hours dressing and changing her mind. When she finally decided what to wear, she only had five minutes left before she was supposed to be there.      The party was at one of the older clubs on the island and it was quite a step up to be invited to it. Melanie and Kate were waiting outside the venue and laughed when Kristen walked up. They were all wearing white outfits and looked like their mothers had dressed them alike.  
     Kristen and Melanie groaned and went back home to change. Kate lived a distance from the island; so, she was spared. She went inside for a cocktail and male company, while she awaited their return. 
     The two re-grouped in a half-hour and slinked in sync like runway models  as they strode through the main lobby. Men walking past with their wives and dates couldn’t help turning their heads to look at them.  
     The girls had worried that the place would be filled with couples. As they entered through the banquet room doors, they were relieved to see that there were single men everywhere! They instantly found Kate standing at the bar. 
Melanie walked up to her and giggled,  
     “Guess we’ll be finding ourselves some husbands tonight.”      She tickled Kate in the side and almost made her fall off her heels. As Kate tried to regain her balance, a gorgeous man with short blonde hair reached out his arm to help her. 
     Kristen laughed, “I guess she found hers.”  
     The man smiled at Kate and said with a heavy French accent, “Please come sit with me. My group is over there.”       Kate began to walk with him, “Sorry girls. Opportunity is knocking. It’s my duty to my country.”  
     Melanie and Kristen headed over to another bar area which had chairs and were quickly joined by a small group of Swedish men vying to get their beverages and their attention.       The women spent a short time accepting numerous afterdinner dance requests and business cards, before they moved on to find Ariel and their designated table. 
     As they sat, they looked over to the right and saw that Kate was very comfortable with her Frenchman near the front of the room.  
     “Lucky girl. Guess she found herself someone in the upper ranks. Hope it works out for her.” Melanie remarked.      Kristen and Melanie sadly looked at each other and both knew what the other was thinking. They cheered up when three very handsome men walked up to the table. Ariel had obviously arranged to have them seated next to the girls. The man that was handpicked for Kate stared down at her empty seat and looked puzzled.  
     Kristen looked at the exceptionally dapper gentlemen and thought it was possible that Ariel had paid for them to be their escorts. She was very wise when it came to throwing successful parties. 
     Escorts on the island were not for sex. They were social 
and dining necessities for unattached and widowed women in order for them to attend the parties. Kristen looked closer at their tuxedos. They were not cheap, but they also were not designer issue. They had that shiny rented look to them. She nudged Melanie and whispered. 
     The girls enjoyed their company and conversation during the elaborate dinner, but kept their eyes discreetly searching around the room for other viable choices. If they were truly escorts, then the men would understand.  
     After dessert, Kristen and Melanie graciously excused themselves, and slowly made their way to the far side of the room. They grabbed Kate by her arm as they walked past her and pulled her up.  
     Kristen held onto Kate as she wiggled, “Sorry Kate, you are going to have to suffer with the rest of us.”  
     The Frenchman stood up to protest her departure. His attempt was futile, and Kate just smiled at him and said good-bye. 
     The trio found another table near the dance floor and lowered themselves to sit. The Frenchman defiantly came right back to Kate and took her out on the floor for a dance. It was not long before Melanie was soon scooped up, and Kristen was left to sit by herself.  
     She looked around at what prospects were left and saw Anthony standing over by the main bar talking to a group of men. She turned her chair slightly to avoid looking straight at him. 
     He must have just arrived. She thought about inviting a man to dance to save face, but she remained still and confident. One of Ariel’s daughters, a girl self-titled with the name Kittens, saw her and sat down next to her. It was obvious that she had a few drinks in her. 
    They talked for a while, and then Kittens decided to give Kristen a short history of all the men in the room. She told her interesting facts about three of them, when Kristen stopped her and subtly pointed toward Anthony. 
      “What about that one? Do you know anything about 
Anthony Fiore?”  
     Kittens sighed, “Oh yes, Anthony! Every girl in Palm Beach wants to know about him. But he is a true enigma and no one can get through to him. I have never seen him with an actual girlfriend. Though, I have heard rumors about some girl that broke his heart in New York. Then, I think she got killed somehow. That’s all I know.” 
     She took a sip of her cocktail, “He seems to date a lot, but usually just socially. I have never seen him on many second dates. I also know that he is not a member of my father’s club, which I think is very unusual, since he is one of the richer men on the island.” 
     Kristen looked again at Anthony and felt sad for him. When she was with him in the Bahamas, they were so intimate and free with each other that she felt there had been a strong bond between them. She didn’t think he was hiding his heart from anyone. 
     Anthony finally noticed her and gave her a nod and a sad look. Kristen returned a small smile. He never came over.         Kristen’s spirit was no longer at the party. She thanked Kittens and then went back over to Ariel’s table and watched Melanie and Kate with their partners.  
     Kristen still didn’t dance and Anthony didn’t either. He just stayed in the same place as different groups of friends approached him. He seemed to be enjoying himself.      The party ended at midnight and Melanie and Kristen went to the front steps to retrieve their cars from the valet. 
Kate left with her Parisian.  
     Melanie said, “I will call you in the morning to go shopping. I am not leaving until Monday.”  
     Melanie could tell Kristen was glum about something. She studied her with a worried look, “Are you going to be alright?”  
     As the valet pulled up, Kristen sighed, “I’m fine. Thanks for coming.” She gave Melanie a half-hug and climbed into her car. 
     As she was about to drive away, a woman dressed completely in black came up to her window. She had a scarf pulled down on her head that hid her eyes. Kristen had an ominous feeling and kept her window closed, choosing not to talk to her. The woman stood patiently waiting. 
     Kristen put her car into gear and slowly rolled down the drive. The woman ran alongside her, knocking hard on the window. The engine drowned out her words as she said,  
     “You are in grave danger. Do not return to the 
Whitestone!” 
     Kristen could not hear her and figured she was someone who drank too much at the party. She thought nothing more of it and drove home.   
     Kristen walked into her house and sat down at the kitchen table. She opened her small clutch to look for some aspirin and noticed that her phone indicated that a text came in. It was from Anthony. All he had done was type a question mark. Kristen felt better but didn’t think she was brave enough to call him back. She said out loud,  
     “A question mark? Can’t he make a better attempt than that? Does he really care if he hears from me?” She wondered what prompted him to contact her and where he went after the party. Then she thought, that maybe it was just sent in error. He was probably just trying to text another woman. 
    That night, her moments with Anthony vividly played themselves out in her dreams. They would always be together, as long as she did not wake up. 

12 TESTING THE WATERS 
  
     Kristen woke up early and walked down to the beach. It was a cold morning and the wind whipped through her hair as the ocean angrily pounded the shore with its waves. She preferred the wilder days to the tranquil ones. It was raining hard and it masked the tears that slowly escaped from her eyes. It was the perfect setting to match the turmoil that was going on inside of her. 
     Kristen knew she should be happy that Anthony sent her a text, but she wouldn’t let herself get hopeful and project that they were going to be together again. This had been something special and she had to guard herself and not anticipate anything, or it would really do a number on her. 
She didn’t know why she let him make her feel so down. 
Maybe she just was feeling tired. 
  She walked for a long time picking up small shells and tossing them back in the water. She put her cell phone down, took off her leather sandals and began walking out into the water up to her waist. She was too upset to worry about any sharks this time. 
     She could feel the warmth surround her as the swell came up higher. Her toes dug into the bottom and she felt the sand sift through them as it loosened and sunk her deeper. She just wanted to emotionally release herself and she thought this would revive her.  
     Taking a deep breath, she let the next wave submerge her. Kristen kept her eyes tightly closed, as the tide then lifted her up and carried her away. She could feel her body being tossed in different directions as the wind changed its mind. She remembered that she was near the Hell’s tunnel and almost wished that it would pull her to its core.     When she opened her eyes, she saw that she was an uncomfortable distance from land. She looked sadly toward the horizon and then turned around. Laying back, she watched the dark clouds grow blacker, as another wave swept into her and washed her gently back up on the shore. Kristen sat on the beach for a long time with her head down, as the fog enveloped her. She began feeling cold, so she stood up, shook out her sandals, and made her way back to the street.  
     As she looked up, she noticed a dark car was sitting far down the block. She couldn’t tell what make it was, or if anyone was in it. She hoped it was Anthony, but that was too much to wish for. 
     Her phone vibrated and then rang. Kristen looked toward the car and then to the phone, to see who was calling. It was only Melanie.  
     She said, “Well, I feel like sludge because I drank too much, but let’s go shopping!” Her enthusiasm perked Kristen up. 
     Kristen replied, “OK, I’ll meet you over at Neiman’s in an hour.” As she was hanging up, the car slowly made a U-turn and drove off in the opposite direction. Kristen thought it had out of state plates, so it couldn't have been him.        The afternoon lightened up and being with her friend brought Kristen out of her melancholy.  
     Kate called while they were in the dressing room.      “I am just letting you know that I did make it home in one piece, in case either of you were wondering. I am too exhausted to even talk right now. Bye.” 
     “Melanie then texted her, to invite her back to the island for tonight too, if she was up for it.” 
     Kate texted, “Too tired. Thanks.” Kate didn’t mention her friend from France. And, if she wasn’t offering information, Kristen knew better than to ask. 
     The girls decided to get manicures and see a movie before they hit up the late-night clubs off the island. It was a long, but depressing night for Kristen. All she could think about was Anthony. 
     Three weeks later, one of her island friends called her to tell her about a charity bachelor auction that was taking place that night. She had heard that celebrities were even flying in to participate. Kristen was not even aware of it and she wondered how that slipped by her. She quickly agreed to go. 
     At 7 PM, a limousine pulled in front of her house and Kristen climbed in. All of them were dressed to kill. They passed around a bottle of champagne and enjoyed the limo’s psychedelic disco light effects as the wall panels changed patterns with the music. 
     The auction was being held in a large restaurant and the attendees sat down to a five-course meal before it started. It was a festive atmosphere and it was just what Kristen needed to get in the groove again.  
     The men for sale were scattered about wearing large cards on their suits with their numbers on it. They were doing very well at flirting with their prospective owners and drumming up enthusiasm. 
     The event finally started with the single members from the Palm Beach Police and Fire department being auctioned off. They were wearing their uniforms and looked very hot! One of Kristen’s friends laughed and started the bidding at ten thousand. 
     A half-hour later, Kristen walked out to the lobby to see if any more of her friends had arrived yet. As she opened the glass door and peered out onto the street, she felt a hand on her shoulder and turned around. 
    “Kristen, I am so glad to see you.” It was Anthony! Kristen looked startled and nervously noticed he was wearing a number. He poked at his card and laughed, “I’m going to be one of the bargains tonight.” Kristen felt shy and smiled at him. 
     Anthony was bubbly, “So why didn’t you call me? Didn’t you get that text?” Kristen didn’t know how to answer him. She felt like she was in a dream that he was talking to her. It had been too long since she had last seen him. 
     Anthony looked concerned at her silence.  
      “Kristen, I need you to do a big favor for me.”  
     Curious, she finally spoke, “What would that be?”     
     Anthony pulled his checkbook from inside of his suit coat,      “I don’t have much time until I am up. I want you to buy me. I like this charity and I want to make sure it makes enough money tonight. One of my friends is on the 
committee and talked me into this.” 
     He pulled out a check and started writing on it. He handed it to Kristen. It was made out for $80,000. She loosened up with him now.  
     She held it up laughing, “You think you’re worth that much?”  
     Anthony gave her a friendly leer, “Depends on what you want to do with me.” 
     Kristen replied, “You mean I will really win you?”       “Absolutely! You are the only woman that I want to have own me.”  
     Kristen felt her feelings for him swiftly returning.    
     Anthony was getting ready to walk back in to the room.          “Kristen, we need to talk about what happened. I don’t want to lose you. You need to know I reacted on the jet as I did, because I am not used to sharing my life with anyone. I like to keep things private. That includes my business and my feelings. Believe me. It is better for you that way.”  
     He paused and carefully continued, “I saw you in the ocean last month. I have been very worried about you.”       Kristen looked at him, “That was you in the car? How did 
you know I was down there?”  
     “Kristen, I make sure that I know everything about you. You are very important to me.” He had no time to keep talking and started to walk.   
     Kristen was a bit puzzled by what he said, but cheerfully followed him into the room. She went back to her table and was feeling very happy and relieved. She understood in some part what he meant about being private. She knew even more that she needed him in her life.  
     One of her friends looked at her, “What are you beaming about?” Kristen smiled, “You’ll see.”  
     Anthony now joined the small line of men left that were waiting to go on the stage. He didn’t tell Kristen that he was the last one and was the grand prize. His number was finally called and he hopped up the stairs. He looked just like a GQ cover. His dark hair and classy Italian looks made him stand out. He was so debonair! 
     The bidding resumed and the opening amount was $50,000. Kristen worried instantly that she was not going to be able to afford him. She tried to catch his eye to get some sort of sign from him on what to do, but he was too busy charming the audience. 
     The women in the place were going wild. Kristen raised her hand to bid the $80,000, but the price kept rising as the crowd reached a fervent pitch. It was like being in a male stripper club! She wondered if Anthony knew that he was going to be that popular tonight. She thought about bidding much more but didn’t want to do that unless he had approved it. She was also thinking of putting her own money into it but decided not to. 
     The final bid was $150,000. It was made by a famous heiress from Germany. She was obviously single and was beautiful! Kristen nervously watched as the woman went up on the stage and pretended to stuff her winning check down the front of his pants.  
     The crowd had a good laugh as Anthony pulled her hands off him and up over her head. He then kissed her cheek, put his arm around her, and they walked off the stage and into the hallway. 
     A lady in the audience said loudly, “Wow! Is she lucky. 
They look like Barbie and Ken dolls.”  
     Kristen remained at her table to have a parting drink with her friends. She wasn’t sure what her next move should be. A minute later she could feel her phone buzzing in her purse. She pulled it out and saw a text from Anthony. He had inserted smiley faces into it and it read, “I will call you tomorrow. I miss you.” 
     Kristen was very happy with how he was now acting. Her girlfriend then broke the spell when she went over to the banquet table in front of the stage. It had the lists of what the bachelors promised to do for their dates. Her friend held up Anthony’s itinerary and started reading aloud.  
     It was for a date the following day in St. Croix. Anthony would be flying the winner there on his private jet. Kristen’s heart sunk. This was more than she could bear. Anthony looked a little too happy when the heiress won him. She now just felt like going back to the ocean and swimming away.      Still deflated, she was very quiet on the limousine ride back to her house. Her friend asked, “Why were you bidding 80,000 dollars on Anthony Fiore? Do you know him?”       Kristen shook her shoulders “I’ve seen him around. I was just doing it for the charity.”  
     All the girls laughed, “Yeah, right Kristen. What aren’t you telling us?” One of the girls added, “He’s going to have a memorable time with Margit. She’s an infamous man-eater.” She studied Kristen to watch her reaction, but Kristen remained stoic. 
     Kristen arrived home and prepared for bed. She was just about to turn her cell phone off, when it rang.  
     Anthony was laughing on the other end, “Why didn’t you bid more for me? Don’t you want me?” 
     Kristen answered, “I wasn’t sure you would want to go that high.”  
      “How was I to know Margit would bid that much. I’m scared!”  
      “You’re a big boy, you will be alright.”  
      “I am going to tell her I have to sit with the pilot in the cockpit and help him fly.”  
     He begged, “Seriously Kristen, I am going to send the jet back for you and I want you to meet me in St. Croix for dinner. I am only obligated for the day in paradise, not the night. I don’t want this wrecking anything between us. Will you please come and meet me?” 
     “No, no that’s crazy. You don’t want that.” Anthony insisted, “Yes, I do. I am going to wear a parachute and if she tries anything, I swear I will jump out!” Kristen started laughing hard, “I’ll be sure to rent a boat and rescue you then. You will be fine and I am not going. I have a late luncheon to go to for gala planning.”  
     It seemed that Anthony, was satisfied that he did his best trying to convince her. Kristen wondered if it was just an act. 
She wasn’t all that worried anymore.  
     They talked for a bit longer and then signed off with 
Anthony saying, “Good night, Dream Girl.” 
     The next day, Kristen knew she was going to feel uneasy until she saw Anthony again. As each hour passed, she kept picturing what she thought her new boyfriend and Margit were doing that moment in St. Croix. She couldn’t get it out of her head. 
     She went to her gala meeting and was very surprised when they appointed her Co-Chair for the next year’s event. They must have been impressed by her high bid the night before. The title carried a considerable amount of prestige, along with the work involved to bring it all together.  
     That day, several more women in the group acknowledged her and started telling her about various social functions that they would like to invite her to. Kristen was being treated like she was the new “buzz” of the island social network. She felt like her mother must have back in the day and she hoped that Anthony would be by her side through all of it.      Kristen survived through the evening and into the next afternoon without a call from Anthony. Her worst fears were confirmed when she saw the Palm Beach Shiny Sheet.       Again, Anthony was pictured on the front page and was looking very comfortable lying on the beach with Margit. There was a caption that read, “Palm Beach Lovebirds”, and it featured a spread of various cozy shots of them on their date.  
     Kristen thought, “If this date didn’t mean anything to him, he was doing a great job of acting.” She wanted to call up Suzie or Melanie and cry about it, but decided against it. She didn’t want everyone else to know what she was going through. They would tire of it soon, if dating Anthony caused her to whine about all her problems. She didn’t want her friends to be afraid to pick up the phone. 
      Kristen made a decision to not give him another chance to upset her. She didn’t even want to hear about the date and that nothing happened. Judging by the pictures, everything was happening! It seemed effortless for Anthony to like someone. He really was just a Playboy and her heart would never be strong enough to accept that. She had to forget about him, for her own good. 
     She had no plans for the evening and made a bowl of popcorn. She was wearing her “comfy” clothes and looked like a mess, as she lay on her couch watching television.      There was a light knock on her door. She stood up and shuffled in her slippers, to peek out the side window. She was surprised to see Anthony on the steps.  
     He called through the door, “Kristen please open up. I know you are standing there.”  
     She slowly let down on the latch and he pushed the door open. He didn’t give her a chance to speak. He raised her up in his arms and carried her over to the front room couch. He lay her down as he kneeled on the floor and intensely kissed her. 
     The copy of the newspaper was near-by on the coffee table and he reached behind him with his hand to pick it up. After he pulled his lips from hers, he held up the paper.       “I was afraid you would see this. That “Twit” hired a photographer to follow us there. It was all staged. Look closely at the shots. Can’t you tell I don’t look happy?”      She tried to take a look, but he went in again for more kissing and Kristen couldn’t see or breathe. She was at one with him and did not want to stop. His lips were so sensuous, that she felt giddy. 
     He started talking again, “We had some bad weather over there, so we couldn’t fly back until this afternoon. I was afraid to call you and figured that I should just come over to show you how much I care for you now. I am sorry if I made you feel bad at any time.” 
      Kristen believed him and now tried to talk, but Anthony would not let her.  
     “Kristen, I want you to be my girl. I can’t imagine being without you again. I have never felt like this before. Let me show you.”  
     He picked her up from the couch and carried her up her stairs to her bedroom. They fell on the bed together and tore at each other until they both were naked.  
     Anthony raised his powerful thighs and began making love to her. He was filled with raw, pulsating emotion. She lay paralyzed as he consumed her.  
     When they reached their pinnacle, he held her tightly and was determined to never let her go. They both collapsed into the pillows. 
     After an hour of lying reposed and completely silent, the couple embraced again. Anthony whispered in her ear.       “I am staying with you tonight. I can’t bear to be without you. I love you Kristen, you need to know that.”  
     Kristen put her arms around him tighter and said softly, 
      “I love you too Anthony.”  
      Anthony kissed her, “You are mine forever." 













13 PRELUDE 
  
     Over the following months, the romance between Kristen and Anthony continued at a strong, unrelenting pace. He was always full of surprises and would often fly Kristen off to quickie excursions to South America and the Caribbean.      They also traveled from the major European cities to the quaint chateaus in the country. Anthony spoke French and German almost as fluently as Italian. He knew his way around and had friends throughout the world.  
     Kristen had traveled to many of the same places before on her own, or with her parents, but she now enjoyed seeing the world through his eyes. She never had a chance to grow tired of him. He had so much to offer.  
     Kristen was never in doubt again that Anthony was very serious about her, when he showed her his family’s hometown in Sicily and introduced her to several of his relatives. He started buying her jewelry and priceless artwork. Their tastes were similar and he always delighted her.     
     She protested slightly when he made her cut up her credit cards and he opened new accounts for her, footing all the bills. He encouraged her to buy a classier wardrobe and set her up with the best designers. They attended all the major parties and charity functions and Kristen was proud to be seen with him. He was well-liked by everyone. 
     One day, he surprised her with the news that they would be going to a major ball at Mar-a-Lago. It was considered to be one of the most popular events of the Season and was always attended by dignitaries from around the world. Kristen was excited for the next two weeks awaiting the night.  
     Anthony paid an exorbitant amount to have her ball gown custom made by a top fashion house and rushed to her in time. It arrived the day before the gala, in the late afternoon.      Kristen spent the entire next day dressing for the party and Anthony was absolutely stunned when she paraded herself in front of him.  
     “My God! You look like a Princess!” He proudly smiled at her as he took her arm and led her to the white limousine waiting outside. 
      Kristen loved everything about Mar-a-Lago. She was readily provided with a handsome military escort as she strode down the red carpet into the ballroom. The gowns at the event were breathtaking and all were very unique. 
Nothing off the rack at this party. Everyone shimmered!      She danced with Anthony, smiling up at him with adoring eyes. He was truly her prince! He looked down at her and pulled her even closer. They were the perfect couple and it seemed that they were put on earth for each other. Kristen could not imagine finding anyone else that she could be happy with, not even Michael. They were for keeps!      Anthony introduced Kristen to the various royalty and Hollywood moguls that paraded past them. She was now on a first name basis with the wealthiest people in the world and she loved this life.  
     She knew this was one of her mother’s favorite balls and wished that her parents could be there to meet Anthony. Kristen was sad when the magical night ended, but her fairy tale life continued on the enchanted island. 
      
     Kristen enjoyed all of Florida, especially Miami. The couple would drive there in his different sports cars to visit his yacht and occasionally snorkel. They had a verbal agreement. She was only willing to get in the water if he stayed right next to her, so he would get eaten first by the sharks.  
     She also loved the discos of South Beach. Anthony was a silent partner at the latest hot spot and brought Kristen with him on one trip to check up on the staff.  
     It was well into the wee hours, when they arrived. He left her seated at a table accompanied by a large glass of flavored vodka, while he went to the back office.  
     Kristen watched the crowd dance and was quite content that she had her man and no longer needed to be part of the dating ritual. She looked at all the excitement going on around her and saw a figure approach her through the smoky haze.  
     As it drew closer, the familiar face of Gregory slowly materialized. He had been dancing and sweat was soaking through the white satin shirt that clung to his abs.  
     He came up to her and gave her a kiss on the lips. A spark went through her body and she sat straight up in her chair.       “Kristen! How nice to see you! What brings you way down to Miami?” 
   “Gregory! You look great. How have you been?”        Gregory sat down next to her, pulling his chair closer. Before she could stop him, he nuzzled her neck. Kristen closed her eyes and swooned, just a bit. She couldn’t help it.      She thought, “He is so alluring. I can’t stop this.”      
     She laughed above the music, “Gregory, you always have such a weird hold over me. Maybe they do worship the Devil at that club. That’s what my old landlord used to tell me.”      Gregory replied, “I told you beautiful, that I am not a member there, just a guest. No need for me to worship him, I am on his speed dial!” He thought he was being very funny and he knew she couldn’t resist him. 
      “Kristen, I have been thinking of you quite a lot since I last saw you. Why did you disappear?”  
     Kristen stated, “You were the one that took off. Who was that woman anyway? Your wife? Was that her house that we went to?”      
     Gregory shrugged, “Of course not. I thought I told you, it belongs to someone else, but he is barely there.  
     Kristen suddenly thought, “Remember my friend Linda? The one you liked at the disco on Palm Beach? She disappeared that night and I thought that maybe she hooked up with you?” 
     Gregory then looked extremely uncomfortable. 
     Kristen continued, “It is so bizarre. She actually packed all her things and left in the middle of the night to go back to 
California. What did you say to her?” 
     Gregory acted as if he was in a daze, “I remember Linda, she has that beautiful black hair with that long ponytail that I love to pull.” 
       Kristen’s mouth hung open. “What are you talking about?” She wasn’t sure she heard him correctly. 
        He then stood straight, “Are you certain that is where she went? She told me that night that she had a call from a sick relative and needed to ring her back. She said she was moving to Aspen to look for a better job. She prefers the snow.” 
     Kristen looked puzzled. 
     “How could she have told you all that? Aspen? When you walked up to her at the disco, you barely said anything and she said about one sentence back to you. I think you are imagining it all Gregory.” 
     Kristen then sounded very accusatory, “How do you know she has black hair? She was wearing a blonde wig when you met her. A very short one.” 
     Gregory quickly replied, “You are right. I think I am fantasizing about someone else from another time. No one that you would even know.” 
     Kristen retorted, “You know so many women Romeo that you can’t even keep them straight.” 
     Gregory ignored her remark, “Does it really matter? We are together once again; fate is such a sweet thing. You are quite the temptress.” He moved in on her very vulnerable neck again and Kristen pulled back. 
     Gregory looked puzzled, “Don’t you want me, Kristen? 
Why the distance?"  
     He whispered in her ear, “Let’s go get a room. I am staying in the hotel next door. You know you want me.”       He then started murmuring in hot breaths what he wanted to do with her.  
     Kristen gave him a little push, “Gregory, you need to go. I am here with someone.”  
     Gregory just ignored her and put his hand on her knee. Without a word, Kristen quickly stood up, straightened her dress, and rushed over toward Anthony’s office.  
     Anthony had already returned to the front of the hallway near where Kristen had been sitting. He had his back turned and did not see at first who Kristen had next to her. She came up to him and her boyfriend put his arm around her shoulder,  
     “Ah-ha, there you are. Come with me, I want you to meet one of my partners.”  
     As they walked, Kristen did not notice that Anthony slowly turned his head to the side and shot a stare straight at Gregory. 
     But Gregory did see Anthony. He took a drink from Kristen’s glass and sat there, legs spread apart, casting a defiant look right back at him. He then lit up a cigarette and blew a nonchalant smoke ring into the air.  
     Anthony cocked his chin up at Gregory and then nodded 
at some of the staff members that were standing against the wall.  
     Gregory looked a bit closer and it finally dawned on him who Kristen was with. He now looked worried what the bouncers would do to him and immediately stumped out the cigarette. They began to approach him, so he quickly proceeded to leave the club. They followed quietly behind him. 
     Anthony spent another hour at a desk in the office as he kept Kristen carefully planted in a corner. He did not offer her any more alcohol. She was very tired and kept nodding off. Anthony finally helped her from her chair, “OK, I am done here. We are going back north.” 
     Kristen looked disappointed, “North? You mean Palm Beach? I thought we were staying here in a hotel tonight? I don’t want to go back.” 
     Anthony had no apologies for her, “We are going now. I will have the car brought up.” 
     He never mentioned Gregory to her and as far as Kristen knew, he never witnessed anything. But Anthony saw it all and he worried that Kristen had too many admirers. He knew the time was coming soon, when he needed to clearly mark his territory. 
     Earlier, after Anthony’s security team had escorted him from the building, Gregory roughly pushed the valet to the side and grabbed the key for his Mercedes from the board.       As he entered the safe confines of his car, his cell phone began to ring. He looked at the overseas number that was calling and knew that he was in big trouble. 
     “Well, you have gone and done it again Gregory. Once I learned that you actually bedded Miss Stratford months ago inside the Guest House, in addition to all the others, I decided to not let on that I knew about it.  
     At that time, it was not even your fault, because I did not share with you that I had a vested interest in her. Now, I realize that was a mistake.”      Gregory tried to speak. 
     “DO NOT INTERRUPT ME!” The voice cleared his throat and then continued in a calm manner.  
     “But I do know that since then, that you were informed by Mr. Harris of my involvement with her and now I am VERY distressed that you have chosen to dishonor me by this new pursuit down there in Miami.” 
     Gregory protested, “Oh, come on Father. Nothing happened tonight, all I did was talk to her.” 
     Karl became angry again, “You for one, are very aware that I know everything and that my confidantes are everywhere. You were all over her tonight and I am very upset with you. This cannot continue. Do you clearly understand me?” 
      Karl preferred that their family relationship be kept private from all outsiders. He had many enemies and Gregory was safer that way. Also, Karl was less likely to be embarrassed by his firstborn’s mischievous ways.”       Gregory was now apologetic, “Yes, I understand Karl. Crystal clear. Do you want me to come back home to see you sir?” 
     Karl laughed, “I am not sure you would be able to withstand the heat son. I need to cool off for a bit.”     He became serious, “Stay away from Kristen and we will discuss this in person when I return to the island. I am not sure when that will be.” He then abruptly hung up.      Gregory was completely flustered by Karl’s reaction.       He thought to himself, “Why can’t we just share her, like we have done with most other women? Why did he have to set his scope on Kristen first?”  
     Gregory wanted her badly and he did not think he could give her up. He had gained respect for her and could see her being much more than just a casual girlfriend. With her, he could see a future.  
     He was hooked from the moment he first saw Kristen at Club Colette. And, he could not get that night with her out of his head. Gregory became so upset, that he decided he needed some major type of distraction. He turned off his phone, slammed his foot down on the accelerator, and headed south to Key West.  
He was ready to raise hell … 

14 TURN TO RED 
  
     Kristen continued to have a very good month. She loved being in Palm Beach, with all the culture and beauty that it offered. Her love grew even more for Anthony. In the short slice of time since she had met him, besides the few moments of doubt, he had been nothing, but perfect to her at all times.       She had a special date with him tonight since it was Valentine’s Day. He had just flown back from New York after an exceptionally long departure and she could hardly wait to see him. He told her that he had an extra nice gift for her.       Kristen spent the day in Palm Beach Gardens looking for a dress. Most of the display windows were specially set up and Red was everywhere! It was the only day she would ever think of wearing red; it just wasn’t a good color on her.       She finally found her Valentine outfit and kept shopping for other accessories, including four new pairs of shoes. She had wanted to shop in Boca that day too, but evening was approaching and there was no way she would make it back in time.  
     She traveled back to the island and decided to go over to one of the cafés on County Road to get some lemonade. She parked and as she walked down the sidewalk, she began feeling like someone was behind her. She turned around a few times, but only saw small groups of tourists.  
      Kristen walked into the café, “I would like a seat on the patio please.” 
     A few minutes later, a waitress brought her drink in a tall icy glass. Kristen sipped at it and turned her head briefly to look at an impressive sports car stopped at the corner.       A man sat down quickly at her table and put a hand on her arm. Kristen turned back and was very startled. She knocked over her drink on the table, “Oh God! Oh no!”  
     Her worst moment was happening. Robert St. Germain was there! He picked up her glass and fumbled as he put the ice cubes back into it. He then put his cold hand on her leg, 
      “Bet you didn’t think you would see me again, did you Witch?” Kristen was scared. He looked extremely threatening and this time, there was nowhere to run off to. He stayed right up in her face, keeping his voice low,         “You know I went to jail because of you!  You thought I would never find out that you were behind everything?” He kept a tight grip on her arm.  
     Kristen looked around frantically and saw they were they only ones in the patio section.  
     She insisted, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He painfully pushed down on her arm.  
     Kristen sharply said, “Keep your hands off of me! You screwed me over Robert. You owe me money. A lot of money! When are you paying me back?”  
      She stood up, “You know Robert, there are a lot of people looking for you across the country. Why do you think I did anything?”  
     Robert got even madder, “Don’t even try to get out of this. I know it was you. But I can’t figure how you set it all up? Either way, I am going to remove you from this planet! You have to go!”  
     Kristen was scared, but calmly said, “You are a paranoid psycho and you know it.”  
     Robert suddenly changed his tone, “You know Kristen, I really need a beautiful woman like you to help me with a plan that I have had in the works since I got locked up. It’s going to take place right here in Palm Beach. I am in charge of it and I am still working out all the kinks with my partners. All you need to do is pose as my girlfriend to help me keep my cover. It is happening soon and I’ll be taking in millions. You would get a big chunk of it. Then, 
I can finally retire from all of this.” 
     Kristen scolded him, “You first want to kill me, now you want me to help you? Like I said Robert, you are completely crazy! You seem to fantasize that you are a legitimate businessman and you know you have never been. I did not get you put in jail. Just keep my money and stay away from me. I just want to forget you.”      Luckily for Kristen, the waitress came back out and gave St. Germain a curious look.  
       Kristen asked, “Can I have my check please?”       The waitress walked off to get it and Kristen followed close behind her, like she was her safety net. St. Germain just sat there fingering her glass and was deciding whether to go after her.  
     Kristen paid her bill with cash and walked quickly outside to where a cab stand was. She jumped into one and told the driver to take her to West Palm Beach.       She did not want St. Germain to see her car and she wanted him to think she was leaving the island, so he couldn’t figure out that she lived there.  
     Kristen had the driver travel in different directions for the next half-hour, before she told him to go back over the bridge to where she was parked.  
     It was crazy that Robert thought she was responsible for him getting arrested. In fact, she knew exactly what happened back then. Kristen had recently heard from friends in Illinois, who frequented the Patio Bar, that Anne testified against him and only received a brief probation for her participation in his schemes.      St. Germain also cut a deal with the Feds and avoided a lengthy term in federal prison by ratting out several executives across the country. Kristen couldn’t believe the stones on this guy. She heard that he was incarcerated for just a little over a year. She now wished that they had thrown away the key. 
     When Kristen arrived home, she managed to compose herself and did the best that she could to quickly get dressed. It was almost time for her date with Anthony. Her hand was shaking, as she tried to put on her makeup. She debated whether to tell her boyfriend. 
     As both Kristen, and the sun, began to settle down, Anthony appeared. Kristen exclaimed, “Oh, Anthony I am so glad to see you! I feel so much better now. 
     Anthony handed her a bouquet of red roses.  
     “Here are some beautiful roses to make your Valentine’s Day extra wonderful.” He then held her in his arms for a long time, “You look beautiful tonight and that red dress on you is very sexy.” 
     Kristen put the flowers in a vase by her front door. Anthony had his red Lamborghini with him for the occasion and he drove her over to an intimate restaurant on the island.  
     Romance was in the air and there were roses on all the tables. Kristen wondered which table would be for them. Instead, of waiting to be seated, Anthony led her out of the main dining room and onto the terrace.  
     Soft classical music was playing and it was beautiful under the stars. There was a sole round table set in the middle and Anthony placed her gently onto the chair. Their only light was from a small tapered candle. Kristen watched as the shadows flickered across Anthony’s handsome face, as he sat down across from her.  
     They began their meal with red wine and he held up his glass to her, “Here’s to my Dream Girl. Happy Valentine’s Day!” She toasted him back smiling and he leaned over the table and gave her a kiss. 
      Anthony then stood and walked over to Kristen. He kneeled down on one knee, pulled a black velvet box from his pocket and slowly presented it to her.  
     “Kristen Stratford, I have only known you for a very short while, but I want to spend the rest of our time together as your husband. I love you. Will you please marry me?”      Kristen was enchanted, “Of course, I will marry you, 
Anthony. I love you too!”  
     He slid the ring onto her finger. It was breathtaking as it sparkled in the candlelight. Kristen was absolutely touched and delighted. She didn’t know that this was the gift he was talking about. 
   Anthony pulled his chair over next to her and they kissed for a long time. He grinned, “I wanted to do this after dinner, but the time was perfect and I didn’t want to wait.”       “I don’t know if I can eat now. I’m all butterflies!”        He smiled, “Now, for your gift, we might as well get that out of the way now too.”  
     Kristen’s heart jumped, “There’s more?” 
   They walked out to the side gate. There, in front of the restaurant, was a white Ferrari convertible with a wide red bow wrapped around it. Kristen ran up to it. A single white rose lay on the front seat. Anthony kissed her on the cheek and said, “Happy Valentine’s Honey!”  
   Kristen said excitedly, “Now I’m definitely not going to be able to eat. I want to drive it!”  
     Anthony pulled on her arm, “Come on. Let’s go back to dinner. I want to tell you about our honeymoon.”       She reluctantly, and happily returned to sit at the table. Anthony had already ordered for them and the waiter arrived with lobster.  
     Kristen squealed, “Oh goody, this is just what I wanted to eat!”  
     Anthony asked her, “Would you like to get married in 
April, right before the end of Season?” 
   She looked puzzled, “This April? That soon?”  
      Her new fiancé said sweetly, “I was hoping you wanted to do it this year.”  
     Kristen thought about it and then assured him,  
     “I would love to get married right away. Are we eloping?”        “No, no, we are going to have a fabulous wedding. I know it takes time to plan, but I have all the connections to make sure that everything you want can be taken care of right away.” 
     She took his hand, “If that can happen, then let’s do it!”       “And where is your favorite place for a honeymoon?”          “Bora, Bora!” Kristen gleefully exclaimed. 
     Anthony smiled broadly and reached over to hug her.          “That’s what I thought you would say. That’s my dream place too. I have never been there.”  
     Kristen cooed, “Going to Bora Bora in the spring is the best time to do it. It’s all perfect!”  
   They decided to get married early in April, two weeks after Easter. Season would still be happening on their wedding day and many of their guests, which were mainly his friends and associates, would still be in the area.       “Wow, I need to start calling my girlfriends tonight. Hope they can all make it!”  
     The lovebirds enjoyed the rest of their dinner, while Kristen kept holding up her ring and admiring it. After they finished their dessert, they jumped into her Ferrari and took off for the ocean.  
     Anthony and Kristen held hands, as they strolled down the sidewalk along Ocean Drive. Kristen wanted to walk along the shore, but didn’t want it ruining her new car, so she changed her mind.  
     They talked about having kids and both wanted them right away. Anthony said, “Christ, we aren't getting any younger! 
Let’s start making them tonight! I have a reservation for us at 
The Breakers. Let’s go and get my car.”  
     Anthony wasn’t about to leave his Lamborghini on the street overnight, so they drove their cars side by side and smiled at each other on the way to the resort. 
     The couple shared a beautiful and romantic night. He arranged to have some of their clothes delivered to them, so after breakfast, they went to the golf course for a quick nine holes.  
     Before Anthony let Kristen go back to her Ferrari, he held her and twirled her around saying, “I want you to move into my house with me.”  
     Kristen was hesitant “I’ll live with you, but I’m not selling my place until after we’re married.”  
  Anthony looked a bit taken back, “I am going to buy you a mansion on the ocean, just like I know you want!”  
     Kristen chuckled, “Well, if you are going to do that, then I would probably try to start selling it now. But I won’t close the deal until after the honeymoon.” She loved the fact they were planning a life together. She had been on her own for too long.  
     Anthony now ruined everything, as he looked at his Rolex and said, “I would love to reserve the Breakers for another night, but I need to go home to New York to help my brothers handle some issues. I also want to tell my mother the good news in person. I don’t know how long it is going to take, but I’ll call you every night and put you to bed.”      Kristen pouted, “Can’t I come with? We’re engaged now.”  
He answered, “No, I want you here. You can start moving your stuff in and I will have my House Manager make all your arrangements.”  
     Kristen said reluctantly, “OK, I guess. I am going to miss you!” 
     Anthony said firmly, “Kristen, I want you to stay out of the clubs. Look at your ring every time you think about going out. You’re mine now! Stay home and start knitting some baby booties.”  
     She looked at him like he was joking. He was smiling, but she couldn’t be sure, “I’m going to impregnate you next time 
I see you. So, stop taking the pill.”  
     Kristen laughed “Not until we’re married. We are doing this the right way!” 

15 A.K.A. “TONY” 
  
     The minute that Anthony Fiore embarked from his private jet onto New York soil, he became Tony.  
  “Tony” Fiore was proud of his Sicilian heritage and admired his long line of ruthless card-carrying family members of the Cosa Nostra. His father Franco recently died from cancer, while serving ten of his eighty-year sentence for racketeering and murder. His grandfather Antonio, who Tony was named for, was gunned down in a Manhattan restaurant several years before. 
     Tony became a “Made Man” on his twenty-first birthday. Instead, of taking him to his first bar, his father brought his son down to the docks, to help kill three longshoremen who worked for him. They had been causing a lot of trouble and had been keeping the contents of the shipments that they were paid to hijack, for themselves.  
     The Fiores walked carefully through the dilapidated buildings, until they sensed the men were inside one of them.  They burst through the door and took them by surprise. Once they had them cornered, it was Tony’s time to impress his father, but he was not sure that he was comfortable with the thought of killing someone.       He braced himself and raised the gun at two of the men. Then he let it drop by his side. His father looked at him with impatience and walked over to him. He firmly lifted Tony’s arm and pulled the gun out of his hand. He then aimed at the men and shot them point blank.  
     He glanced over at Tony, who now had his eyes tightly closed, trying to force back tears. The third man took off running and Franco then pulled out his own gun, stopping him in his tracks, “Come on Tony, let’s go.”  
Tony followed his father with his head hanging down. He knew that he had disappointed him. They left the dock area and walked to the car. His father’s minions later took care of hauling the bodies out of there and feeding them to the carp.      As they drove, Franco said, “Don’t worry about it Tony. You are a brave boy, but I have always known this life has never been for you. You are not like your brothers, you are the smart one. Today is going to be our secret. But, no one besides our family can ever know. Otherwise, we can’t survive if others don’t think we are all united. If we show we are vulnerable in any area, we will lose all respect. Tony never forgot those words and always kept on his game face in the years to come.  
     It had always been obvious which direction Tony was heading. While he was growing up, he had preferred to go to school, instead of hanging out in the streets with his friends and his two younger brothers, Marco and Vincente.       Later, he made top grades and ascended to Yale. Like Kristen’s father, he was inducted into all the right groups there, including Skull & Bones. Anthony easily earned a degree in Chemical Engineering and then went on to Harvard Business School, graduating with honors.       Now, he was the founder and CEO of a chemical manufacturing company that was based in Miami and was predominant in the world market. His father was proud of how Anthony had succeeded, but still let him know he would always have his family obligations. There was no way Tony could have chosen any other life. His path was determined way before his birth.  
     Without Franco, the once powerful Fiore family was now near the bottom of the New York hierarchy. And, as time progressed, by Anthony’s choice, the family gave up most of their holdings and only managed some very minor gambling and loan operations. Every once in a while, he gave financial advice to his two brothers and that was about it. 
     Anthony also felt like he had reached his career peak. He was planning to sell the company soon and enjoy a very early retirement. He recently delegated most of his corporate duties to his Vice-Presidents to micro manage.  
     Anthony now only concentrated on the company’s bigger issues, and more importantly; courting his clients on the golf course, and his yacht. The fact he was such a powerful CEO, helped disguise his earnings and let him enjoy his boat, jet and all his toys, in the open.  
     Tony was under the radar and the general public was not at all aware of him. But he was well-known to the other New York factions, those “in the know,” and of course, the government. He was under constant surveillance.      Recently, the Fiores were in the midst of a major power play by the other families. They were moving in on their territory and there had been some unsanctioned hits on their group. A few of Tony’s distant cousins were killed.  
     Anthony was now forced into preserving the family honor that his father and grandfather had worked so hard for. He went back to the helm and began frequently jetting to New York. 
     Luckily, his brother Marco wasn’t above grabbing a gun and getting most of the dirty work done by himself. That way, he eliminated the middle men and the rats! He enjoyed the hunt. For him, it was better than sex!  
     Right before he died, his father told Marco about the dock incident and that Tony was not truly “made”. Marco instantly lost respect for his brother and was now constantly challenging his authority. He was ready to take over, but Tony was his blood, so he kept him in the picture, at least for now. 
 
Kristen was only aware of the man named Anthony and had no clue about Tony. She wasn’t happy that he was making trips to New York. But she knew she had to live with it, because it was what she signed up for when she agreed to marry a corporate icon. She just wished he would be involved with more of the wedding planning. 
     As their relationship solidified, she couldn’t understand why he wouldn’t let her go with him. She began complaining about this to him and finally one day he said,  
     “OK, I am taking you to New York with me on my trip there tomorrow. We are only going for the day. I want you to meet my brothers.” 
   Kristen was sleeping peacefully the next morning, when 
Anthony rolled her over and said,  
     “Get up Stratford! Time to go. We’ll grab some breakfast on my jet.”  
     Kristen was very groggy and looked for a small suitcase to pack. Per his usual routine, Anthony stopped her and smiled, 
“I told you, we are only going for the day. Let’s go!” 
     She followed him down the stairs and out to his Lincoln. There was a substitute chauffeur siting on the hood who was wearing a rumpled suit and munching on a doughnut. He then slowly got up and opened the car door for them.         Anthony took one look at him, “Really man, really?” He handed him a fifty and said, “Get that suit pressed before you pick us up again. When is my regular driver coming back?”        “Don’t know” the man mumbled. Anthony rolled his eyes at Kristen. She just smiled. 
      The flight was quick. As they walked down the stairs of the jet, they were greeted by a well-dressed man who looked just like Anthony but was shorter and built more like a solid hunk. His hair was greased back and his suit and pinkie rings were super flashy.  
     Anthony patted him on the back and said, “Kristen, I would like you to meet my brother Marco.” 
     Marco gave Kristen a big hug and took her arm. He looked her over approvingly, “Not bad, not bad. Thanks for bringing her for me Tony!”   
     Anthony laughed, “Oh no you don’t Marco,” and he pulled Kristen back next to his side, keeping his arm around her waist. As they walked, Anthony said sarcastically, “Where is our baby brother Vincente?”  
     Marco looked at him like he should know and answered,          “He is out doing some things. I don’t think you will be meeting him today Kristen. Hopefully, I am enough for you.”      He laughed and took Kristen’s hand. The three of them headed toward the exit with her in the middle.      As they approached the terminal, a stretch limo pulled up. Anthony placed Kristen on one side and pointed to the seat furthest away from her, for Marco to sit in. Marco held up his hands in mock defense.  
     It was a lengthy drive to reach the wealthy suburb where Marco lived. Marco’s house was very large and was set in front of a small, picturesque lake. He gave Kristen a quick tour, as Anthony sat at the bottom of the staircase absorbed in several phone conversations. 
     When Kristen was returned, Anthony put his hand on her shoulder and said very businesslike,  
     “I am so sorry Kristen. I need to head over to Jersey and help Vincente out with something. I will be back tomorrow.” Before she could say anything, the stretch returned out front and whisked him away. 
   Both Marco and Kristen watched as he drove off. Kristen felt a sharp pain in her heart and thought of how Anthony’s indifference was reminiscent of her father, who had also been continuously preoccupied with his work. 
Marco said, “Wow! That was cold.” He turned to Kristen, “Don’t worry, I will keep you nice and warm.” She looked at him and nervously laughed.  
     Marco always enjoyed putting the move on Anthony’s girlfriends. Even though his older brother was blessed with the classy looks and all the brains, Marco knew he had what it really takes and never missed the chance to go out of his way to prove that he was better than Tony. 
     He sat his brother's fiancée down at the dining room table and they started to talk.  
     First off, Marco warned her, “Don’t forget, that when you meet Vincente, he is extremely short and he is very touchy about it.” 
     Kristen laughed "I'll remember to slouch if I stand next to him."  
     Marco thought that was very funny, "We also have three sisters who are all tall. Guess the genes got mixed up." Kristen figured they all must have been a real handful for their mother.  
     Marco and Kristen shared common interests and they had a lively conversation for a few hours, as he tried his best to charm her. He started thinking that Kristen was more suited for him than his brother and he began laying it on thick.      Marco’s maid walked in later that afternoon to prepare them a meal. Marco immediately sent her upstairs to set up a room for his guest.  
     “Thank you, Marco, but I am going to the city and stay in a hotel there.”  
     Marco protested, “No, no, Tony would expect it of me to keep you right here.”  
     The maid had returned and looked back and forth at the two waiting for an answer.  
     Kristen insisted, “I will call him and let him know my plans. It wouldn’t be right to be here alone with you.” She gave him a mischievous smile. 
   Kristen dialed Anthony and it went right to his voicemail. 
She left her message and turned back to Marco.  
     “See, all taken care of. What’s the cab service called out here?”  
     Marco looked like his pride had been hurt, “No chance. I am driving you personally and we will have a nice dinner before I drop you off.”  
     “I am going to stay at The Plaza Hotel and we can eat dinner at their restaurant. I love it there!”  
   Marco smiled at the thought of feeding her and then bedding her upstairs at a cushy hotel, “Great idea,” he said.       He went up to his bathroom to pile on more mousse and for an extra blast of cologne. He then strutted out to his driveway and selected a silver Porsche for their ride.       As she got into the car, Kristen told him right off, “Marco, we are just having dinner and that’s it. I need you to understand this before we leave.”  
     Marco took his hand off the wheel and gestured,       “Sure, sure, I know that. Don’t you worry.” He then drove toward the city.  
     The two made polite small talk during the ride and Marco pointed out several points of interest along the way. He was quite charming to be with and Kristen now felt more relaxed around him. 
     Night began to fall as they were getting close to downtown. Marco got on his cell phone, and Kristen listened, as he seemed to be negotiating with a scalper for tickets to some event.  
     He looked over at her, “Rat Pack tickets.” He talked for a few minutes more, and then smiled, and put his phone on the dashboard. 
“I got them!” he said excitedly. He then turned the car in the opposite direction.  
      “Where is the Rat Pack?” asked Kristen, “Aren’t they all dead.”  
     Marco laughed, “They are imitators. Everyone loves them. These are some of the hardest dinner show tickets to get.”  
     Kristen liked Sinatra, “Sounds wonderful. I am definitely hungry; I hope they have good food there.”       It was only two miles from the Plaza, but it took over a half-hour to get there in the usual New York traffic. Marco finally pulled the car in front of a large restaurant. He reached into the glove compartment, grabbed his gun and put it in his pocket. Kristen looked worried, but did not say anything, as the valet opened her door.             Kristen was very impressed with the place. It looked like it was filled with Manhattan’s elite. Marco checked her coat and then held her hand as they walked into the room. The waiters immediately started serving dinner and half-way through it, the lights dimmed and the show started.  
     Marco kept his arm around the back of her chair, barely touching her shoulders. Kristen nervously glanced over at it and moved slightly to the other side of her chair, every time Marco moved closer. She could feel the bulge of his gun against her arm. 
     The actors did a decent job of looking like the Rat 
Pack. With the exception of a really bad wig on the Dean Martin impersonator, they were pretty convincing.                  Marco put his hand on her knee, “Are you enjoying the show?”        
     Kristen firmly removed it, “Sure, it’s great. Thanks for bringing me.”  
      As the show finished, Kristen grabbed her purse and was ready to leave. Marco left to get her coat, and she slowly looked around at the audience. 
     On the other side of the room, she saw a familiar figure that was standing behind his date’s chair and helping her up. It was Michael Hansen! Kristen felt her heart go into her throat and she started to tremble.  
     At the same moment, Michael noticed her too and quickly made his way over, leaving his companion at the table with an astonished look on her face. It was clear she was floored by such a blatant abandonment. 
     Michael practically pulled Kristen from her chair and gave her a bear hug and a big kiss on the cheek.  
     “Kristen, I am so glad to see you. I sorry to hear about your parents. How awful for you.”  
     He then hugged her even harder, as she managed a little squeak, “Michael, it is so great to see you too.” 
     The attraction was still there. They both looked at each other and it was apparent that they would have started into each other madly, if Kristen hadn’t regained her composure.        Kristen laughed, “Michael, I am here with a guy and he might shoot you if he sees me talking to you.”  
     Michael answered, “Aww, come on you’re kidding…” Then he suddenly became quiet.  
     Marco had come back into the room and the expression on his face soured, when he saw her talking to another man. 
Kristen was surprised at his reaction. 
     Michael looked at him, “Wow, I better get out of here! Where do you find these loons? Do you know there are still nice guys out there Kristen? I don’t want to be judgmental, but maybe you should be looking in another direction. What are you doing to yourself?” 
He lowered his voice to a whisper, “I am here on a 
business trip and leave early tomorrow. I really need to talk to you. A friend of mine gave me your number and I tried to phone you a while back, but it was very strange and the number wouldn’t work. Do you have a new number? Just say it quickly. I’ll remember it. Please, I seriously need to speak to you!” 
      Marco came closer and Michael knew to scoot away. All the niceness that Marco had displayed earlier, was long gone. 
He growled, “Who the hell was that pretty boy?”       Kristen answered innocently, “I know him from my childhood. He’s a neighborhood friend. Can you take me to the hotel please? I am very tired.” 
     Marco just stared and was ready to confront Michael, but then snapped back and decided against it.  
     He smiled at Kristen, taking her hand gently,  
     “Sure, I’ll take you back.”   
     Marco turned and walked in front of her. Kristen looked behind her and noticed that Michael was now reasoning with his date. It looked like he was having a very difficult moment. Kristen laughed to herself. Marco then turned to her,  
     “It will be just a few more minutes. I need to go talk to a friend of mine who works here.” He then walked off toward the restaurant’s office area. 
     Kristen went toward the dining room and peeked inside. Michael was now sitting at his table, waiting for his date to return from the ladies’ room. He saw Kristen and without a word, he took her arm and led her into a corner.       Kristen looked up at him and smiled. Michael sweetly kissed her cheek, as he pulled her close to him. For a few moments, he felt Kristen was all his, but then she abruptly pulled back.  
     “I am sorry Michael; we can’t do this. I have a boyfriend that I live with in Palm Beach. I have to go now.”  
     Michael pleaded, “At least give me your number. There is no harm in that.” He quickly pulled out his phone. 
     Kristen rambled off her number as Michael typed it in. 
She smiled and walked away, without looking back.       Michael felt the air leave his lungs. He was afraid that he had lost his only chance to renew his life with her. Those teen-age heart pings had returned and had now grown painful. He knew that they needed to meet up again and he would convince her to leave her boyfriend. He still knew in his heart that they should be together. 
     He sat down at the table nearest to him and began to text to her number.  
     Kristen: Just contact me when you are ready. No obligations.  
     A message instantly came back and stated that the text did not go through. 
     Michael groaned to himself, “Oh, come on Kristen, not this again! You didn’t need to give me a fake number. I wasn’t planning to stalk you. I got the message loud and clear. You have a boyfriend. I am not an idiot.”      But he was obsessed. He decided to dial the number again, to make sure it was the correct one. His dinner partner had now crossed the room and came up to him. She stood there highly annoyed, as Michael stared down intently at his phone.  
     Michael dialed and the phone instantly disconnected.       His date asked, “Who are you calling? Where have you been? I am taking a cab.”  
     She then angrily walked away from him.   
     Michael stood up and summoned a waiter, so that he could order a strong drink. He felt like his heart wasn’t even beating. He was so dismayed at Kristen. 
During the ride to the Plaza, Marco chattered away about 
the show and just about everything else. Kristen sat quietly. Now that she was away from Michael again, she felt a longing for him. In spite of Anthony, that extra space in her heart that had always been reserved for her childhood crush, was growing wider.  
     As they pulled in front of the hotel, Marco took her hand. “Are you sure you don’t want to stay out? Don’t you want to go dancing?”  
     Kristen thanked him, “No, I am still calling it a night.”  
     Marco turned off the engine and looked closely at Kristen. 
Kristen avoided his eyes, as Marco moved closer to her.  
     “I hope I’m not making you nervous.” 
      “No, Marco, you’re fine. Thanks again for the lovely evening. She then opened her door. 
    Marco laughed, “Maybe, it is best that you go. I don’t want to have to do any explaining whatsoever to Tony. He never trusts me around his women.” 
     Kristen gave him a puzzled look as the doorman came up and helped her from the car.   
     “Good night Marco. Have a safe ride home.” 
     As Kristen dressed for bed, she checked her phone. She had hoped Michael would have at least called to say goodbye to her. She knew she still had feelings for him, that could not be easily discarded. 
     Earlier that day, Tony had never left New York. In reality, he just drove to another part of the city to attend to the serious tasks that only he, as the head of the family, could take care of. Vincente had joined him and the brothers ended up in a very familiar Italian neighborhood.  
     Tony calmly asked his brother “Are you sure we don’t need Marco with us?”  
     Vincente answered, “I think we can do this by ourselves. We just need to talk to some of our renters. They are expecting us.”  
     The “renters” were various businesses and illegal enterprises in the area, that were obligated to pay the Fiores protection money, in order to remain operational without any hitches. 
     Normally, Tony and his brothers would not get involved at this lower level, but these were larger places that brought in a considerable amount of income. Their owners felt they were above this type of thug treatment and had recently banded together to oppose the Fiore family. The Fiores were concerned that they might look toward their rivals for help.      The brothers drove up to a small pizzeria and parked. Without any words, four men filed out of the building and got into a large van. Two were cousins and they served as back-ups, in case there were any problems. They followed closely behind them. 
     The group soon arrived at a large car dealership. They were greeted at the door by Nicky Bandini, the elderly and surprised-looking owner, who was wearing a purple leisure suit and had an unlit cigar hanging out of his mouth.       He led them to his conference room. The salesmen on the floor took a look at the men and quickly walked out to the parking lot. The air was filled with tension. 
     Tony told the owner to sit down. He looked scared when Tony and his men remained standing and a bead of sweat rolled down his forehead.  
     Tony started, “Nicky B., I came here in advance only to talk to you. You can relay this to the rest of your buddies who think they have a say in the matter.” Tony’s men moved in closer, surrounding him.  
     Tony said firmly, “I know you have a gun on you Nicky and I need you to very slowly put it on the table.”  
The owner looked up at him like a child and obeyed as he reached into his suit jacket.  
     Tony continued with no expression, “I will make this short. You and your family will all continue to make your payments, like you have for years to our family, or I will hold you personally responsible for any further delays by the others. I will hear nothing more about this. Right?”      Bandini looked like he wanted to speak up, but he knew that would be a big mistake.  
     He meekly answered, “OK, Tony, I will tell them. But you know my brothers and my cousins are not so easy to convince. They think we have more pull in New York these days then you do.” He gazed toward his gun. One of Tony’s men quickly picked it up and put it in his own pocket.       Tony then leaned down and roughly said, “I don’t think you heard me. I will hold you personally responsible. Now that my father is gone, things are not different, despite what you may have heard.”  
     He looked into his frightened eyes and spoke very slowly.        “Do you understand me now?  
     Nick said quickly, “Yes, I do.”  
     Tony finished, “Alright then, I won’t be talking to you again.” He then walked out of the room with Vincente.      The car dealer’s eyes followed Tony as he left. The four men stayed behind and the owner slowly turned back toward them, as his body sank further into the chair. A hopeless look came over his face. 
   Tony was now in a good mood because it seemed that everything had gone well and in a peaceful manner. He handed Vincente a cigar. The brothers then drove back over to the pizzeria to have lunch.  
     Their men showed up forty-five minutes later and joined them. There was no talk about what happened after Tony and Vincente left. 
     As Tony left to go to another part of the restaurant, Vincente turned toward the men and gave them a questioning look. They all nodded in silence.  
     Vincente said, “OK, that’s good, you took care of him. He was mouthing off too much. Marco and I will keep in touch.”      Several hours later, after they had a big meal and downed a few bottles of wine, the men departed. Anthony listened to his phone messages and decided to return Kristen’s call from that afternoon.  
     When the phone rang, it woke her up, but she answered right away. Anthony cheerfully said, “Hi Honey! How did things go with Marco? Did you have to flee from him?”  
     Kristen laughed, “Funny you should ask. I did escape him. 
I am at The Plaza.”  
     Anthony now took on a serious tone, “Are you kidding me? What did he try on you?”  
     Kristen quickly answered, “No, nothing like that. I just decided I would be more comfortable here and then it would be easy to get back to the airport to meet you, whenever you come back from New Jersey.” 
     She enthusiastically added, “It will be great. I can go shopping all day tomorrow. I am where I am meant to be!”      Anthony said, “Are you sure he did not hit on you?”       Kristen was surprised at his jealousy.  
     "Marco has been quite the gentleman. He even took me to that new Sinatra dinner show and we had a great time. There is nothing to worry about.”    
     Anthony laughed, “Hmm, Sinatra? Now I know what CD’s to bring in the car with me. I didn’t know that was your type of tunes to listen to.”  
     He then apologized, “I really should have brought you with me today. Then you could have met Vincente too. At least, I can trust him.”  
     Kristen cut in, “So much for our big New York trip together. Exactly, what time am I going to see you again?”       Anthony said, “I should have things wrapped up tomorrow morning. We can fly back to Palm Beach in the late afternoon. Is that good for you?”  
     “Sure! Just give me an hour warning, so I can get back to the hotel from the stores. Do you want to meet me here?”       Anthony agreed, “Sounds like the plan. We’ll get dinner on the island somewhere after we land. Good night Dream 
Girl.” 
     Kristen smiled, as she held the phone. She was so happy with how everything was going for them. They already felt like a married couple with a future. She could not even imagine how any dark clouds could ever get in their way.  

16 TURNED TO SALT 
  
     Palm Beach was a very small town and during Season it was inevitable that you would eventually run into everyone at some point. The Shiny Sheet kept close tabs on all of them, whether they were in town, or in The Hamptons. Nowadays, the paper wasn’t quite as gossipy. But, in the inner circles, tongues were clucking around the clock.   
     As Kristen gained more access to the top rungs, she became even more conservative in her dress and her ways. She was excited about becoming a mother soon and wanted to be the perfect role model. She also needed to be the ultimate trophy wife to be seen on the arm of Anthony. He was in an elite class and not someone to embarrass. She needed to show grace and poise, at all times. 
     It was late March and the wedding now appeared on the horizon. Kristen was head over heels in love with her fiancé but was getting a little apprehensive about actually going through with it. To do this, meant total responsibility and commitment. It was not an easy thing for her to say, “I will love you forever,” especially since she was still young. She just didn’t feel ready. 
     Kristen thought, “It must be a full moon coming up if I am thinking like this.”  
     Anthony was away again and she was lonely. Melanie was in town from California and they made arrangements to meet inside one of the Breaker’s Hotel bars after 9 PM.        Kristen was a little late when she walked into the hotel. She found Melanie sitting in the main bar area talking with a gentleman from Canada. The bartender also seemed interested in Melanie and was leaning on the bar with his elbows, trying to join in the conversation. 
     Kristen sat down next to her, ordered wine, and then turned her chair to observe the people. The bar was halffilled and only a few of the tables were occupied. Kristen thought that there must be a major party going on somewhere else in the hotel. The rest of the crowd would probably show up later toward closing.  
     Kristen was on her second glass and Melanie, on her first kiss, when a man, with three very young redheads dressed in white, walked in. He chose a table only ten feet away and Kristen watched as he ordered a bucket of champagne.       He turned his head to look around the room and his gaze rested immediately on Kristen. He sat up a little taller.       The man’s hair was perfectly coiffed and he was wearing an expensive dinner jacket. Kristen looked straight through his blue eyes and saw the blackness in them. It was Karl!      Karl instantly smiled at Kristen and his face now came to life. It made him look like a different person and approachable.  
     She nodded nervously as he left his chair and came over to stand next to her. Kristen could smell his spicy cologne and again felt attracted to him. She couldn’t help herself. He was actually excited to see her and shed his former persona to give her a kiss on her cheek. 
     Karl said warmly, “How have you been doing Kristen? It’s been a while.”  
     Instead of immediately bringing up the subject of how their last meeting in Chicago had ended with him disappearing, she replied politely,  
     “I am doing well Karl. What brings you to the Palm 
Beach?”  
     “I have always had a place here at the end of the island. I am still in New York too.” Kristen thought Karl looked happier now, just like a human. She wasn’t used to this Karl. 
He seemed miles away from his dominant personality.    
    Kristen looked at the girls at his table and wondered if they were submissives. An old feeling came over her. She was jealous! She was surprised at herself. These were not the feelings of an engaged woman. She thought it must be the alcohol, but she knew it wasn’t. 
     He acknowledged this moment saying, “Kristen, I have done nothing but think of you since I last saw you.” Kristen turned away. He said, “Strange days. Weren’t they?”         Kristen mustered up some words, “Are you still into that?”   
     He gave her a familiar mischievous look,  
     “It has hardly been that long since I saw you last. Of, course I am into it. It’s not a choice.”  
     He lowered his voice, “There happens to be even a stronger underworld element to this island. But I am sure you have not seen it.”  
     Kristen was afraid to speak. The old Karl was coming out, and again she feared him. He knew the effect he was having on her and stared directly at her.  
     “I am going to a party tonight on an ocean estate and I would like you to come with me.”  
     He pointed over to his table and laughed, “I will even forgo my foursome with “The Furies” in order to enjoy your company instead.”  
      To avoid Karl’s eyes, Kristen looked toward the women and then toward Melanie. She had been so wrapped up in seeing Karl, that she was not aware that Melanie and her Canuck had moved to the other side of the lounge.  
     Kristen shifted in her chair. Karl was becoming impatient and said, like he always unfairly did,  
     “Kristen, this is not a game.”     
     Kristen replied quickly, “I’m not playing games Karl. I am no longer looking for a thrill and it doesn’t interest me. Game over.”  
     She glared at him, “Again, that type of party and that whole scene is not for me. It just seems boring if you aren’t really into it. And, I am not the type who is going to pretend to enjoy it just to get myself a man.” She tilted her head at his young dates. 
     “You never knew what it was really about. Kristen, maybe you don’t want it, but I know you still want me.”  
     Kristen had never heard Karl actually try to talk to her. She was used to him just dismissing her. He now acted like she had some significant impact on him back then.  
   “My dear, pain and humiliation are not the key, it goes much deeper.” He watched her fidget slightly and continued, “It is about control. It is about trust. I saw a quality and a need in you, that I wanted to explore further. I sincerely regret that I never called you again.”  
     Kristen assured him, “It’s alright. I knew there was nothing going on. I was just curious about things. It wasn’t you.” 
   Karl looked at her dead-on, “Don’t delude yourself, or pretend for my sake. You know what it was.” He was surprised at her new ability to put up defenses.  
     He then said sadly, “I can tell you won’t let yourself feel anymore. Will you? You are afraid to let down your defenses, you always have.” 
     Kristen just looked down at the floor and mumbled, “I feel.”  
     Karl preached on, “You’re just acting these days. You have chosen what your destiny should be, but you’re not fully onboard.” Kristen found it hard to listen to him. 
     He looked tearful, “You feel that you have arrived, but no one is here for you, no one can be. You are just showing the Kristen they want to see.” 
  Kristen was very uncomfortable and wanted to change the direction of the conversation. She reached for his arm and joked, “On a lighter note Karl, just why are your hands so darn cold all the time?”  
     Karl diabolically laughed,  
     “They need to keep me on ice whenever I rise from below to visit.” 
     Kristen was surprised by how strange his voice sounded. She didn’t know why, but she felt like his answer was less humorous, than it appeared on the surface. She stepped back a few feet and gave him a perky reply, 
      “Ha Ha. Very funny. So, Karl, please tell me. Her ankles wobbled on her heels, “Where exactly is this party?”        He steadied her with his hand. Again, he knew that she was trying to avoid him, so he moved in very close, nibbled on her ear, and whispered.  
     “It’s on the North End. It’s a normal, boring affair. No S&M.”  
     Kristen felt her body heat increasing and was dying to tell him that she was very engaged. She needed to chase him off before she fell for him again. She had deliberately not worn her ring that night and now wished she had.  
     “Come on Kristen, the party doesn’t matter. I want to be with you, just to talk. We can do whatever you would like. I do have feelings for you. We’ll do it your way this time.”       Kristen was now the strong one and shrugged defiantly,       “I can’t do that Karl. I am here with my friend and not leaving any time soon. You can go back to your girlfriends, I won’t mind.”  
     Karl regained his composure and grinned at her, “OK, 
Kristen. I will do that.” He handed her his business card, “Here you go, I hope you will call. I won’t play games anymore either.” 
      Kristen held it tightly, rubbing on the edges. She hesitated, “Karl, I don’t know if I can call you.”  
     Karl said seriously, “We’re both on the same island now. We will run into each other again, I am sure.” He turned to go. Kristen put her hand gently on his arm.  
     “Karl, before you leave, I need to write you a check for that $75,000 you gave me. I have always wondered about how you knew what I went through back then?”      Karl pretended to act dumb.  
     “That money was my gift to you and there is no need to return it. It was just something to get you by, until you came into your wealth.”      
     Kristen was puzzled again by his actions and that he even knew anything about her past financial status.       “Well, Karl, I have come into my “wealth,” and now I insist that I pay you back. Let me go get my purse.”      Karl laughed, “No, no, please don’t my dear. I wrote it off as a business expense. If you pay me back Kristen, my poor bookkeeper will go into hysterics. He will have an absolute hissy fit.” 
   He started to walk again, “Oh, by the way, you heard that 
Bensinger married his door hostess last month, didn’t you?”       Kristen chuckled, “Lucky girl. I bet that divorce cost him plenty.”  
     He then smiled at her and walked back to his table, raising both arms in the air and doing a few Cha Cha steps for his girls as he came up to them. Kristen felt flustered as she watched him and walked over to join Melanie.          Melanie had just found out that her male friend was married, and she was ready to go somewhere else. Kristen wanted to stay at the Breakers a while longer to see who else would come in. She couldn’t keep from looking toward Karl and felt that familiar, yet unsettling need to go over to him.  
But, a stronger obligation toward Anthony prevailed. Kristen knew she loved her fiancé and she didn’t understand why Karl still held a place in her thoughts. She was afraid she was never going to resolve it. Palm Beach was too small for all of them to co-exist. 
     Karl and his entourage stayed for another twenty minutes and then they departed. Kristen watched as he put his arms around all their shoulders and laughed loudly as they walked to the lobby.  
     She wished Karl could have acted as light and down to earth around her, when she first met him. There might have been a different ending. Now it was too late. She thought, 
“Why does he have to be so intense?”  
     Kristen knew that even if he tried to act normally toward her now, that he would be the one doing all the acting. He would always have his dark side. And, if this had been another century, she would have sworn he was Satan.  
   After another hour, the girls finally called it a night. When Kristen returned home, she was surprised when the phone rang right after she walked in the front door. She laughed as she picked up the phone.  
     “Hi Anthony. What are you? A Psychic? I just got home.”       He wasn’t as cheerful. It was late for him and his voice sounded tired.  
     “Where were you earlier? I tried to call you.”  
      “You should have tried my cell instead; I was out with Melanie.” 
     “Did you have a good time?”  
     “It was OK, but I would have rather been with you.”       Her fiancée chuckled, “That’s my good girl, I’ll see you tomorrow. I am flying in at noon.”  
     “Great! I’ll see you then. I miss you.” 
     “Good night Kristen, I love you.” Then his attitude changed and he firmly said, “Stay home! Will you?”         Lately, Anthony seemed to be more possessive and she was not comfortable with how he was acting. He also seemed to be critiquing and judging her. It was as if, he was setting new standards for her to adhere to.  
     The next day Kristen patiently waited for Anthony’s return. It was already 6 PM. She was pretty sure he was not coming home and she was not happy that he didn’t phone.       One of her married girlfriends was also mad at her husband and would be the perfect companion to compare notes with. They agreed to meet at Ta-boo and get a light meal.  
      Once it became dark out, the evening seemed to have a strange effect on her. She quickly dressed in one of her more risqué outfits and headed out. It made her both excited and a little nervous knowing how she looked. She was asking for trouble, and unless Anthony called her soon, she was going to have a late night!  
     She resented that he was taking her for advantage as much as this and decided not to leave a note to tell him where she was. On the ride over, she thought even more about how bored she was being the perfect girlfriend and keeping up her Anthony-imposed Palm Beach Princess facade. It was so contrived and phony!  
     When she arrived at Ta-boo, her friend had already found them a pair of the most highly coveted bar seats in town. This was a feat during Season, since the place was always packed! The crowd was very jovial tonight and Kristen now turned off her phone.  
     She hadn’t been in there very long, before Gregory appeared. She had not seen him since the Miami nightclub. Tonight, he had slicked back his hair and was looking fantastic as usual.  
She felt the heat follow him as he walked in the door. Now, in his presence, dark and seductive thoughts overcame her. She no longer felt like herself. 
     “Well, Kristen, you seem to be quite the Femme Fatale tonight.” Gregory whispered, as he moved in to bite on her neck. He knew that she was now engaged to Anthony and this made her even more desirable to him.  
     Kristen was no longer feeling spoken for and felt her engagement ring tighten on her finger. She now hungered for all the new candy that came her way and Gregory was the most delicious! She knew she was ready to move on from Anthony. He never made her feel like this!  
     Gregory stood next to her and knew exactly what she was thinking. Like a moth to a flame, she had returned to him. Her nerve endings caught fire, as his hip pushed into her side and she let her body discreetly rest back on him.       Her girlfriend watched them and looked aroused. She fanned her face, “I need to get some air and then I am going to go powder myself.” She smiled at Gregory, gesturing him toward her chair.  
     Gregory ordered the girls a drink and one for himself. He turned back to Kristen and held her hand. The pull between them was too strong and there had to be some way for them to come together, if not just for one more night. She again was convinced that she was not calling the shots, and for once, she didn’t want to fight it.  
     Gregory did all the talking, because Kristen was mush and found it impossible to even speak.  
      “I knew I would find you here Kristen. I have come to make you mine tonight.” She moved closer to him.      Gregory reached his hand toward her face to touch it and admired her necklace.  
     “You look absolutely beautiful tonight.”  
     Kristen’s eyes held the answer for him, they were filled with desire. He slowly stroked the small pendant on the chain, with his thumb.”    
     “Where is your betrothed tonight? Why isn’t he with you? 
I would never leave you alone…”  
    “He’s right behind you CREEP!” It was Anthony!       Both Gregory and Kristen froze. Anthony grabbed Gregory off his stool by his suit lapels and shoved him against the wall. He kept his voice low, so Kristen couldn’t hear him.       “I think you know exactly who I am and that you better leave right now!” 
     Gregory did know all about New York Tony’s reputation and it didn’t scare him. In fact, he was the one that Tony should be very afraid of. Gregory started laughing, as Tony let him loose.  
     “Kristen, I am leaving now, because I don’t want to cause any trouble for you. But Fiore is not who you think he is. When you wake up to that fact, I will come back and take you far from here.” 
     Anthony drew his fist back and slugged Gregory viciously. He fell over a table and all the dishes shattered on the floor. The other diners stared as Gregory stood right back up and calmly walked out the door.  
     Kristen had never seen Anthony show such aggression before and she was scared. He straightened up his suit and walked back to her. He firmly pulled her up saying,       “This is what you do when I am out of town? You’re out by yourself trolling for losers? Aren’t you happy with me? Don’t you know what that very expensive ring on your finger really means?” 
   Kristen calmly replied, “I am not alone. I’m here with my friend. She’s in the restroom. I was just sitting here and he came up to me.”  
Anthony looked disgusted, “I saw you! You were VERY cozy until I walked up. Don’t deny it! Miami and now this? And what the hell are you wearing tonight? Do you know where you are? What is wrong with you!”  
     Kristen became defensive, she didn’t even care what he thought anymore. She was tired of this.  
     “Nothing was happening. How did you know I was even here?” He grew angrier at her denial.  
     “I flew in. You weren’t home, so I started calling around until I was told that you were here. You know you have nowhere to hide.”  
     Kristen sat back down, “Hide? Who the hell are you? Why do you think you can treat me like this? Just who do you think I am?” He pulled out his wallet and handed her a credit card.  
     “I know that I am someone, who doesn’t want to see you in my bed tonight! Go check yourself in somewhere. I am going back to New York tomorrow morning. You can go back to the house after I am gone. I don’t even want to talk to you now.” 
   He walked out, shaking an employee’s hand as he left. Possibly, she was the one who told him Kristen was there, or Anthony lied and he found out some other way.          Kristen waited for her friend to return and told her she had to leave. She didn’t say anything about the scene with Anthony. Her friend lingered behind, while Kristen left to stay at The Colony Hotel, which was only a few blocks away.      Kristen knew she was still having a rough time realizing a good relationship when she had one. She wondered why it spooked her so much when it came to “happily ever after”.        As she walked into the hotel, Kristen recalled what Karl had said to her at The Breakers. Maybe he was right and that she was just pretending that her life was going smoothly. 
Maybe, if she truly loved Anthony, there would be no room left in her heart for anyone else.  
     It was alarming how both Karl and Gregory seemed to be short-circuiting her life. She was constantly being torn between the two of them. She had always believed, that she would only marry if she was totally in love. And, she thought Anthony was the one. Now, she wasn’t sure at all, and seriously planned to talk to him about postponing the marriage. 
     The next day Tony sent two of his “buddies” to talk to 
Gregory. They knew just where to find him at the Guest House. The gate wasn’t even closed and they drove right up. 
     Gregory was sporting a fresh black eye when they arrived. He was informed by Fiore’s men, that Tony had no intention of leaving the island, so his choice was obvious.  
     Gregory gracefully complied with their request. He did not argue with them and even thanked them for coming.      Gregory was in a great hurry to leave, since he had already been convinced earlier that morning, by Harris, Hicks, and Hart, to immediately return to London.  
     They had physically relayed this request from Karl. In addition, to pummeling his face, they also promised to cut off a certain appendage that Gregory was very fond of, if he once again pursued the forbidden fruit. His father was the only one that Gregory truly feared and he had already packed a quick suitcase, with plans to leave within the hour… 
    
     As soon as Tony returned to New York, he set up a meeting with his brothers and his first cousins; who were his top crew members. His bad mood from catching Kristen flirting with Gregory, stayed with him. Her betrayal consumed him! She shouldn’t be acting like this!  
    But he knew that he was mainly to blame, for continuously driving her from him. He needed to make it all better and he began making rash decisions about his future. 
   By the time, Tony arrived at their family’s social club, he was much calmer. He knew what he was going to do now and took Marco to the side before joining the others.  
     Marco pulled out a cigarette, “What’s up Tony?”          “Marco, I’ll be brief. I am going to do something I should have done when our father died.”  
     His brother looked confused and Tony looked hard at him.       “I’ll just say it. I don’t want to be involved with the family business anymore and I know you want to be the boss, so here is your chance.”  
     Marco looked at him in complete surprise “Are you kidding?”  
     Anthony said, “I am completely serious, I don’t know the exact protocol and it is probably not even possible if we are doing it the old Sicilian way, but I am through. I know that you and Vincente feel very strong about restoring the Fiores, so I no longer want to stand in your way.  
     Marco lifted his shoulders and proudly said, “Well, then I am more than happy to take over. It has been long overdue and I think father would have approved this.”  
     Anthony smiled; he knew that would be his reaction.     
     “Alright then, let’s go tell them.”  
     He put his hand on Marco’s shoulder as they walked into the room. Everyone was sitting at the table, with plenty of drinks on-hand and laughing. Anthony started the meeting,      “I have something to say and I am only telling you this because we are all related. Please don’t let it go outside of this room.”   
  The men became more attentive and listened.       “As you know, I have never been interested in acting as the head of this family. I am aware that as the first-born, I am supposed to be handling everything, but lately I have been pretty much just phoning it in, because my heart is not into it.”  
     He paused, “I am now turning it all over to my brothers. I don’t want to even help with the paperwork. Finito!”  
     His cousins put down their glasses and seemed stunned.     
     “So, that is it! That is all I have to say. I am sorry.” Anthony looked around the room and saw that no one objected, so he sat down.  
     Marco swaggered over to the end of the table, drunk with his new power and stood in back of his older brother’s chair. He brashly began speaking as if Tony was not even sitting in the room.  
     He began, “We all know that Tony doesn’t have any balls and he has never done us any favors by keeping things so sophisticated. He wasn’t showing any honor trying to run our part of town, like his fancy chemical company.”  
     Anthony kept a poker face and let his brother continue. 
     Marco then looked toward Vincente.  
     “In light of our current situation, I am now going to resort to the way my father handled the business.”  
     He pounded his fist and began yelling, “I am tired of negotiating with those guys and I am ordering hits on…”  
  Tony stood up, “I don’t want to hear any of these kinds of details. You are on your own.” Without another word, he then shook everyone’s hand and left.  
     Vincente followed him out.  
     “Seriously Tony, don’t get too comfortable in paradise. I don’t think they are going to let you go. You know this isn’t how it is done.”  
     Tony answered quietly “Well, I can only try.” He then walked to his car. 
     As soon as he was gone, Vincente went back into the room and moved over to the seat next to Marco. They winked at each other and smiled broadly as they lit up cigars. 
  All Anthony wanted now was to return to Palm Beach, marry Kristen and share a peaceful life with her. He was through with the centuries of Fiore traditions! He no longer cared. 
 As Kristen awoke that morning, she could feel the weather was getting muggy again, just the way she liked it! She was badly hurting from the previous night’s banishment to The Colony. She skipped breakfast and knew she was too depressed to return to the house.  
     She was unsure of how things stood now with Anthony, so she left her car at the hotel and took a long walk over the bridge to the West Palm Beach side. She planned to eventually end up at the Yacht Club on Flagler Avenue, to get some lunch. She needed to do a lot of thinking about Anthony. 
     As she walked by the docks, she saw a dark-haired man sitting on the back ledge of one of the larger yachts. He had a captain’s hat on and a champagne glass in his hand.  
 She heard a familiar English voice call to her. 
 “Kristen! Come up here and see me.”  
     It was Karl! Kristen shuddered slightly and was unsure of what to do.   
     He said loudly, “I told you Palm Beach was a small place. Come on now dear. Don’t be afraid.”  
     As she slowly approached, he laughingly reached over the side to take her hand. She went onto the vessel and he guided her over to a small white leather bench. She sat down and he stood in front of her.  
     “So, you have really embraced the life here Karl. Is this your boat?”  
     He answered proudly, “Yes, it is. I just had it custom built for me. I have been waiting for a year!”  
     “It is very nice.” 
     “I plan to eventually keep it over at the docks by the Whitestone. I would like to take you out to sea sometime for a few days. Would you like that?”  
     Kristen became nervous, “I am sorry Karl, but I can’t do that. I failed to mention to you the other night that I am getting married soon.”  
     Karl briefly glanced at the ring on her finger. He did not even ask who her fiancé was and he did not seem surprised.      “That is unfortunate Kristen. You have never allowed me the chance to show you how my feelings truly are for you.”         Kristen boldly said, “Well, that’s something you were quite capable of long ago. Why now? What’s so different?” 
    As he sat next to her, she trembled and felt helplessly drawn back into his web again.  
     She thought, “Didn’t she learn her lesson yet?”  
     Karl silently watched her. Then, he strongly pulled her to him and kissed her. Kristen weakly fell back against the boat, as his power overwhelmed her. Gregory was a force to reckon with, but Karl was off the charts! 
     They kissed for a long time and she could feel that the old Karl no longer existed, and neither did her fiancé. Anthony was probably through with her anyway. What did it matter? 
She was free to roam! 
     Karl spoke first, “I told you Kristen, I am ready to be with you now. In no way, would I ever treat you as disrespectfully as I did when I first met you.” Karl could feel the pillar of strength, that had shielded him for so long, begin to dissolve. 
A small tear came to his eye, as he pleaded with her.       “Kristen, I need you to give me a chance. Please don’t get married until you see how wonderful we could be with each other.”  
     With that, Kristen started feeling like herself again. She wasn’t sure she was attracted to this mushy version of Karl. She liked him better when he was a challenge. Kristen now felt uneasy and tried to come to her senses again.  
     "Karl, I really love my fiancé. He has been everything that I have always wanted…” It all sounded so false to her now and it was a useless attempt.  
     Karl stopped her from continuing, as he kissed her again. 
He eased her down, until she was lying flat on the cushion. He raised himself up and looked around at the people walking near-by the boat.  
     “We need to go below deck.”  
     He put his arm firmly around her waist and led her down the stairs to the cabin. Kristen could not let go of him and they walked together through the narrow opening to his bedroom. 
     Karl’s personality immediately changed. He tossed Kristen onto the hard mattress and put her hands together above her head. She worriedly looked behind her and noticed there were small shackles attached to his wooden bed posts.        His face reddened and he was ready to take her, until he noticed the scared expression on her face. He then softened and slowly brought her arms back down and around his back. Kissing her gently, he lowered himself onto her and slowly began removing her clothes.  
     Kristen pushed up at him to stop, “Karl, I can’t do this.”      He rolled off and lay next to her, propped up on his elbow. As he looked down at her, he brushed her hair to the side of her face.  
     “Kristen, I am sorry I just acted like that. I am not just here for a fling and I need you in my life. I will do whatever it takes to have you. Just let me know what you want, because I can give you everything. The world will be at our feet. 
Seriously, I can do that for you.” 
     She smiled and said softly, “Karl, I feel very close to you right now and I am glad that I am here. I am pretty sure it is over with my engagement, But I am just not ready.”       As Kristen said these words, she again, knew she did not mean them. Karl had something over her and she desperately wanted to be his.  
     He drew her into his arms and they innocently wrapped themselves in each other for hours, as they listened to the waves lightly rocking the boat. 
     When the night arrived, Karl had dinner delivered to them. Kristen was not hungry and now had a change of heart.  
     “Karl, I can’t stay here, I need to go home. My fiancé might be coming back tonight. He gets very jealous.”       Karl looked angry, “Yes, I know all about your boyfriend and his temper. You sure you want to put up with someone like that? He is all wrong for you, and you are too naïve to comprehend that. I don’t need you to measure him up against me. The fact you are here with me now, speaks volumes. Why do you think you are willing to cheat on him so easily?”  
     Kristen did not like that he was belittling her and groaned, 
“Oh, please. We didn’t do anything! Again, stop with your Karl lectures and start speaking to me like an adult. My feelings for you have always been based on curiosity. Now the mystery is solved. You are human. Now I can go on with my life.” 
     Karl began to look angry and Kristen knew she was pushing it too far.  
     He arrogantly replied, “You don’t even have a clue about me. There is so much more you can learn; you haven’t even scratched the surface. Then he lightened up again,       “Kristen, I need to return tomorrow evening to the UK for a while and I want you to accompany me.” He reached for her again and kissed her.  
     Kristen knew that he still hoped to make love and, in a sense, she strongly wanted it, but also knew that she had to leave. She was afraid to pursue it with Karl since she could never be confident around him. He was so complex and she still felt slightly afraid. 
     Kristen sadly said, 
     “I can’t go with you; I have my life here. I am sorry.’’       She walked around the cabin and gathered her things.      “I am going to walk back now. I’ll see you later Karl.” He did not follow her. He knew she would soon need him.      Kristen enjoyed her stroll back to The Colony, the sky was filling up with stars and the palm trees made rustling noises, as the wind passed through their leaves.  
     When Kristen arrived home, she looked up toward the house and saw it was dark. Anthony was not there to greet her, or to question her. She had left her cell in the car when she went by the marina and now looked down at it. Anthony never called her. Not even a text! 
     She considered phoning him, but she was also thinking about her time with Karl. The afternoon had been special and innocent, but she felt guilty and couldn’t continue to enjoy thinking back on it, so she went to bed. 
     The next morning, Anthony resurfaced from his trip. 
Kristen was still sleeping when he came up the stairs.  
     He grabbed her shoulders and shook her awake.       “Where did you go yesterday? What do you think you are doing?” Kristen was trying hard to come out of her slumber to answer him. She sat up on the bed and looked at him through her long messy hair that was hanging in her eyes. 
     Anthony picked her off the bed and stood her straight.          “Don’t even try to lie to me! Where were you?”        She said, “What is your problem? You never called me yesterday. How would you even know if I was home or not?”      Anthony just looked exasperated. Kristen ran off to the bathroom and locked the door.  
     “Get back out here,” Anthony yelled, “I am not finished with you yet!” 
     Kristen sat on the edge of the bathtub and would not answer him. Anthony pounded on the door and began swearing at her in Sicilian. She waited it out until she heard him go downstairs. 
     Ten minutes later, she heard his car engine start up. She slowly dressed and went down to the kitchen. She saw that Anthony had brought her flowers and obviously had second thoughts, because he had thrown them on the floor before he left.  
     He was so angry at her and she couldn’t understand how he found out about Karl! She looked at the settings on her phone and wondered if he had a GPS tracker on it. But that wouldn’t make sense, because she didn’t take it with her yesterday. Maybe he didn’t know about her afternoon. She did not like being treated like she was his incorrigible teenage daughter. She had to tell him today that she wanted to move out. 
     As Kristen sat at the table, she noticed a black sedan pull up with four men in it. They sat in the driveway with the engine running. She could see them watching her through the window.  
     She quickly went to turn the house security system on. One of the men opened the back door of the car and walked up to the side of the house.  
     He knocked on the window, “Where is Tony?”  
     Kristen held up her hands and mouthed, “I don’t know.” She then yelled loud enough for him to hear her, “Who are you? What do you want?”  
     The man said nothing and returned to the car. It sat for about fifteen minutes, when Anthony came roaring up in his car. There was another car following behind him, that contained two large men.  
     They blocked the other car and Anthony quickly walked up the driveway. The first car lowered the window and Kristen watched, as Anthony leaned in and angrily talked to the driver.  
     The two men in the other car came up to join him and protectively surrounded him. Kristen looked closer, they all had guns! She wondered if they were the security for his chemical company. 
 Kristen reached for her phone and thought she should call the police. This just didn’t look good. She considered running upstairs and hiding. There was nowhere else to go. 
 Anthony walked away from the car and up to the front door. He turned around and began yelling in Sicilian. His men returned to the car and both vehicles left and headed back toward town. 
 Anthony walked in the door and Kristen stood there nervously. He did not say a word and went upstairs.       She could hear him rummaging through his closet. When he came back down, he had changed out of his suit and was now wearing black jeans and a dark t-shirt. In his hand was a large gun. 
     Kristen asked, “Anthony. What is going on?”  
     He growled at her, “Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing!” She was mad now and scared.  
     She yelled, “YOU NEED TO TELL ME! WHO ARE 
THEY?”  
     Anthony put the gun in his waistband and pushed her down onto the living room couch.  
     “STAY OUT OF MY BUSINESS. YOU DON’T NEED TO 
KNOW ANYTHING!”  
 Then he slightly calmed down, “I am going back to New York until tomorrow. Do not leave this house until I call you. 
I am serious.”  
     He started texting on his cell and ran out the door. The car with his two men had returned. Anthony grabbed some things from his own car and then left with them.      On the drive to the airport, Anthony angrily called his brother in New York.  
     “Marco, what the hell did you and Vincente do with that Bandini car dealer? Why are those lugs after me now? Are you two trying get me killed? You know that I am out of this! I am on my way back to NYC right now. You and Vincente 
better be waiting for me at the hangar.” 
     Back at the house, Kristen started to cry. Anthony was being so awful to her. She thought about Karl’s proposition. It wouldn’t hurt to get away for a little while. It would be a vacation and she needed to think. She called his phone and left him a message. 
     She went upstairs to pack her suitcases. As she piled the clothes in, she thought more about how Anthony was treating her. She needed to make a major gesture, so she took off her engagement ring and left it on the bed table.      An hour later, she heard a car pull up in the driveway. Karl had sent a white limousine for her. She was surprised this was happening so quickly. It was too easy and she knew he would take care of her. She hurriedly packed another suitcase for all of her shoes. 
     The driver came to the door and she had him fetch her luggage upstairs. She sat in the back of the limo feeling very proud of herself and very independent.  
     She said to herself, “There, Anthony. That will teach you!” 
   The limo delivered her to the airport and Kristen jumped out when she saw Karl standing next to a private jet.       He immediately noticed she was not wearing her ring. He rubbed her finger and took her hand. He was sure now that Kristen finally belonged to him!  
 	 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 
17 BLACK SUN 
  
     When Karl and Kristen landed, the mist cast a pall of gray over the morning. Kristen was happy to be with Karl and the weather did not bother her. It suited England very well.  She loved this side of the ocean too! 
     Karl’s driver picked them up at the airport and they embarked on a long and scenic drive to his estate, which was located in the suburbs outside of London.  
     Kristen was in awe as they proceeded down a dense treelined street to his outer gate. As they went up the driveway, Kristen stared ahead at Karl’s mansion. It was gothic and oppressive, with beastly gargoyles lined up along the stone roof’s edge. 
     Karl followed her gaze and laughed,  
     “Ahh, my sweet home. How grand to be back!”       They continued up to the stately front door. It was very fitting for Karl. It looked just like Dracula’s castle. Kristen 
looked up the grand staircase as they entered, 
     “Wow, you live in a museum!”  
     She laughed when she saw a large bronze statue in his foyer of Aleister Crowley, wearing Mickey Mouse ears.  
     She nervously looked at it and then realized who it was.      
     “You’re not into the occult, are you?”  
     Karl pretended not to hear and led her on a short tour of the house. As they entered his kitchen, he went to the refrigerator and handed her a small glass of orange juice. She drank it right down. Everything seemed cheerful in there, except for a large rusty iron door at the end of it. It had an old-fashioned keyhole and no doorknob.  
     Kristen was curious, “Where does that lead to?”       “It goes to the basement. You might call it my playroom,” he looked very serious now. 
     Kristen thought of Chicago. “Another one of those? I don’t think I want to see that.”  
     Karl said curtly, “You’re not invited.”  
     Kristen was surprised at his abrupt answer and was no longer feeling comfortable being alone with him.       Karl reached for her hand, “Let’s go upstairs and I will 
show you your quarters.”  
     They went up the creaky back steps to the next level and walked down the long hallway, passing several rooms. Many of them had large padlocks on them.  
     Karl stopped and pointed, “This is your suite Kristen, I hope it is to your taste.” 
     “Aren’t I staying with you?”  
     “I feel you would be better off in here. When I desire you in my bed, I will summon you.”  
     Kristen felt like this was getting really creepy.  
     “Karl, I have changed my mind and I am now just going to stay here for a few days. I have some events to attend and other things that I need to do back home.” 
     Unaffected, he answered, “That is fine Miss Stratford, as you wish. Just say the word and I will charter you a jet back.”      Then he slowly put his arms around her waist, “Now, you don’t really want that? Do you Kristen?”  
     He gave her a hard kiss and his eyes controlled her as they blackened. It was like he was two people. Again, that feeling came over her and fear now filled her with desire. She was powerless to resist. 
     Karl quickly stood back, “Kristen, I will leave you now, so that you may bathe and get unpacked. You need to catch up with this time zone or you will become ill.” He walked downstairs. 
     Kristen took a long shower. As she was drying her hair with a small towel, she sat down on the bed and started thinking about Anthony. She felt strange being in another country and wondered how he had reacted when he found out that she had left him. He had not even bothered calling her yet.  
     She reached for her cell phone and held it up to dial. It would not go through. “That’s strange. Why can’t I get a signal?” She tried it again.   
     She called out, “Karl, why won’t my phone work?” There was no answer. 
     She walked downstairs and did not see him anywhere. She walked outside and observed that all of his cars were still there. She still could not get any reception, so she walked to the front gate.  
     Down the street, she noticed a woman trimming her bushes. Kristen walked up behind her. Startled, the woman turned around and held her trimmer like a weapon. She then saw it was only Kristen and placed it on the ground.       “My dear, are you alright? Do you need help?” She looked suspiciously toward Karl’s manor.  
     “I am fine. Do you know if there are telephone signals out here?”  
     The woman looked at her phone, “I am sorry. I don’t own one of those gadgets. My phone in the kitchen works. Do you need to use it? Are you in trouble?” 
     Kristen wondered why she kept asking her that. The woman said, “Why are you here? Don’t you know you are in danger?”  
     Kristen looked alarmed, “What do you mean?”       The neighbor became very nervous, “I have seen a few women go into that house, but I never see them leave. He throws those parties all the time for his men friends…”          The women's eyes widened and she stopped speaking. 
Kristen turned around and saw that Karl had walked up.      “Good afternoon Millicent. How have you been doing?” She just ignored him, picked up her trimmer, and went back to her bushes. Karl took Kristen’s arm and began walking her back to the house. 
     “I thought we would take a drive back into London for a nice dinner. Would you like that?”  
     Kristen looked toward Millicent and then back at Karl.          “Yes, I would enjoy that. Do you know why my cell won’t work here?”  
      “I don’t know Kristen. Mine works just fine. Maybe you need a British carrier?”  
     Kristen shook her head, “This phone has worked on my 
trips all over the world. It doesn’t make sense.”  
     Karl looked at her sternly, “Who are you trying to reach that is so important?” Kristen would not answer him.  
   They walked back into his living room and each sat in a velvet throne chair. Karl started the conversation.     “So, did you have a nice chat with Millicent?”  
     “I didn’t have much of a chance because you showed up. Is she afraid of you?”   
     Karl chuckled, “She is afraid of most humans, she doesn’t get out much. Just holes herself up with a bunch of cats.”         “Well, I don’t think she cares too much for you. She told me that girls disappear whenever they come over here. I am curious. Where do they go?” She laughed nervously. 
   Karl lowered his eyes and said point blank,  
    “Why, into the sea, of course.”  
     Kristen looked hard at him and then chuckled, 
     “Oh, come on Karl, quit being so silly.”  
     She now knew that she had been worried for no reason.       “So, where are we going to eat?”  
     Karl seemed to be absorbed in thought, “Let’s just start driving and then I will pick one. I usually don’t need reservations and you will need to dress up. Let me know when you are ready and I will bring the car around. I gave both my driver and the butler time off for the rest of the week so I can be alone with you.  
     He started to his den, but then turned back,       “You might want to know that my chauffeur called me earlier. Your little travel billfold that has your passport, credit cards, and other identification is in the other car, and he has it with him.” 
     Kristen instantly went to her purse and looked through it.    
     “How did that get left in the car? It should have been in my purse?” 
     Karl walked to her and held her in his arms, “Perhaps, it fell out on the floor. Always trust me, Kristen. I only have the best of intentions. I can give you any money that you need.”    
     Kristen looked worried, “Thank you Karl.” 
     As Kristen dressed, she heard Karl honk the horn. She tried her cell phone again. This time she just wanted to call Suzie in Chicago. It started ringing and then went to her voicemail. Kristen was surprised it was working and pushed the number again for Anthony. It was just dead air.  
     She said, “What is going on here?”  
     She tapped the phone on the dresser and dialed. It still remained silent.” She sighed and went to join Karl. 
   They had a lovely meal near Trafalgar Square, and afterwards, Karl took her on a long walk to see London’s lights. As they walked over the Westminster Bridge, Karl sat her up on the railing and began kissing her.  
     “Kristen, I want to be with you tonight. I need you to know that you are my “Intended”. I need to take possession.”       Possession? Those words bothered her. She was afraid to show him any negative reaction and thought even more 
about contacting Anthony. She just managed a small smile back at him and did not reply. 
   As they drove back to his estate, Karl kept watching his side mirror. Kristen saw this and glanced out at hers. She noticed that a car appeared to be following them.  
    Karl put on the brakes and pulled his car to the side. The other car slowed to a stop as if it were hesitating, and then accelerated, to pass them up. The windows were tinted and they could not see the driver. 
     When they arrived at his mansion, Karl went into his den and locked the door. He stayed in there until late, and there was no attempt to take any “possession” of Kristen. She was relieved and wondered what had changed his plans.       Kristen kept thinking how differently everything was going. She realized now it was a big mistake to leave Anthony and she hoped he could forgive her. She hated not having contact with him. It was pretty obvious that Karl did something to her phone so she couldn’t call him.   
     She tried a few other numbers and now her phone didn’t work at all, “Something was very wrong with all of this!”     She faintly heard the front door open. She walked to the window and saw Karl getting into his car. This was her chance, she had to call Anthony! 
     She walked outside in her bathrobe and carefully made her way through the tall hedges and onto Millicent’s property. 
      She looked up while knocking on the door but didn’t see lights on at the upper level. She figured Millicent was either ignoring her or was asleep. 
     Kristen was desperate, so she walked toward the back and saw that the kitchen light was on. She slid her hands under a few of the windows to see if they were open. They wouldn’t budge. She then went to the back door. She was ready to break a small glass pane above it but decided to first search for a key. She lifted up a small stone frog on the stoop, and of course, there it was! 
     Kristen quietly entered and rushed to the phone that was on the kitchen counter. She hurriedly dialed Anthony.       “Please Anthony, pick it up! Please Anthony!” She only got his voicemail. She left him a frantic message. She kept calling him back and provided more details as she thought of them. 
She hoped that he would find her. 
     As she was leaving, she considered leaving Millicent a note and knew she would understand. Then, she realized she had to get back and decided she would just mail her a check for the overseas calls when she was safely back in Palm Beach. 
      
It was after midnight and the rain-soaked cement resonated, as two stiletto heels made their way down the 
dead-end street in West Soho. They came to a pause at the curb, as a high-end black sedan pulled up under the dim streetlight. 
A weathered female face leaned into the car window, as it opened halfway. 
“So, love, you want me to take care of you?” A male voice replied, “Get in.” 
She gave the driver a hard look, but his face was in the shadows. 
She inquired, “Don’t you want to know how much?” He gave an impatient reply, “It doesn’t matter. Are you the only one here?” 
She laughed, “No other girls would come out on a night like this. I’ve got the street to myself.” 
He said quietly, “Then let’s have a go at it.” 
He reached over to push the door open and the woman climbed in. She slid over the seat to get close to him. “Not here!” he snapped, and the car drove off. 
  
     Luckily, Karl’s car was still gone when Kristen returned to the house. She went to bed, but had great trouble sleeping. Around 3 AM, she decided to fix herself a small snack.        She saw that Karl’s car was back and figured he was asleep. She sat at the kitchen table, thumbed through a newspaper for a while and then put her dishes in the sink.  
   As she walked out, she couldn’t help noticing the strong aroma of cheap perfume. She looked at the basement door and was surprised to see a large key in the lock.  
   She heard rapid footsteps coming from the yard. The back door flew open and Karl rushed into the kitchen, apparently out of breath. His clothes and hair were disheveled.       Kristen exclaimed, “Well, what’s up with you? You look like a mess?”  
      Karl was surprised to see her. He looked frustrated as he started to explain, “I heard some animals on the roof earlier and I was just in the shed looking for something to throw at them.”  
     “Did you succeed?”  
     Karl half-smiled, “Yes, they were a bit unruly at first, but I took care of them. They are gone for now. Guess I’ll call an exterminator in the morning.” 
     He walked up closer to Kristen. He smelled like sweat and his face had scratches on it.  
     She stood back, “You stink Karl! You need a bath. I am going back to bed. She paused, “Karl, I thought things would be going better by now. I know I just got here, but I am already getting homesick for the beach and the sun. You understand? Don’t you?” 
      Karl tried to hold her hand, “I know I have been sending you mixed messages Kristen, but I didn’t want to rush you. 
After all, you were just engaged and it wouldn’t be proper to start up relations with you now.”  
     Then he moved closer to her, “But I am more than willing to go forward with this if you give me a second chance and start showing some actual affection toward me again.”    
   She hesitated, “I don’t know Karl, I am very confused about my feelings that I still have for Anthony.”       Karl seemed upset, “Fiore is not for you. Can’t you understand that yet? I know that if we have a nice time tomorrow, that I can change your mind. I know a beautiful spa in Switzerland we can fly to for a few days.” 
     “Don’t I need my passport for that?” 
     “Don’t worry Kristen, I will take care of everything. 
Perhaps, my driver can bring it back in time.” 
   Kristen had a feeling that Karl was not willing to let her go home. She might have to escape from him and this trip would be the perfect opportunity. She hoped that Anthony would be able to find her before all that happened.      She looked at him, and with a planted smile still on her face, she started planning her exit. She figured she could ditch him once they arrived at the airport.  
     Karl’s voice brought her back from her thoughts.       “Well, Kristen. Are you going to answer me? Don’t you think a trip to the Alps would be nice?”  
     “Yes Karl, that would be very nice.” 
     To change the subject, Kristen sniffed at the air.         “Seriously Karl, what kind of cologne were you wearing 
earlier? It really smells in here.”  
     Karl suspiciously looked toward the iron door, and then back at her.  
     “If you are going to insult me Kristen, I am going to bed. Good night.” He went to the sink to wash off his hands and went upstairs. 
   Kristen waited for a bit. She looked toward the iron door and put her hand on the key. It was hard to turn, and when it clicked, she had to pry the heavy door open with her fingers.      There was a light switch on the wall. She turned it on and looked down the long staircase. The flowery scent was even stronger now. She took an uneasy step down and felt very scared. Then she heard Karl from above.       “Kristen. Are you coming up yet? Do you need something?”  
      Startled, her foot slipped on the stair, “I’ll be there in a second Karl. I don’t need anything.”  
     She stepped back up and leaned on the door to quietly close it. It was even more difficult, to turn the key back to its position. 
   She hurried up the staircase and scuttled into her room. Once she closed the door, she breathed a sigh of relief and locked it. She began to put her final plans in place.  
     The next morning, Kristen found it hard to get out of bed. She felt very faint, like energy was being drawn from her. She barely managed to stand up and walked to the bathroom.       She looked in the mirror and gasped. Her eyes had dark circles and sallow bags under them. She looked as if she had aged several years. She returned to bed and weakly called for Karl. He did not answer. 
   Kristen went back to sleep for several hours. She had horrifying nightmares where she was continuously being chased by men in dark robes. She tried hard to get away and could not awake to escape them.  
     It wasn’t until late afternoon that she felt strong enough to get up again. She slowly walked downstairs and Karl was still absent. She made a large pot of strong coffee and sat down at the television. She flipped the channels back and forth between talk shows and then turned it off to get dressed. 
     As the screen faded to black, the dark silhouette of a large man appeared, from his shoulders up. She clicked on the remote again, but it stayed displayed on the screen. She started to get scared and rushed over to the wall and pulled out the cord.  
     She cried, “This place is getting too spooky for me. I have got to get out of here!” She was definitely going to ditch Karl tomorrow while they were at the airport.  
     She ran upstairs to her closet and noticed her suitcases were no longer there. Karl must have moved them. It was obvious to her now, that she was only going to be able to pack a few things for the Switzerland trip, or he would know that she was planning on leaving him.  
     She didn’t want to call to ask where her luggage was, in case he should he try to ask her any questions. She just wanted to keep her distance from him, or she was afraid he would catch on. He had an eerie way of knowing most everything that was going on in her mind. 
     She walked down the hallway. There were so many rooms to choose from and she hoped that her luggage was not being kept in the ones that were locked. She was now feeling gutsy and much more alert, as she walked into Karl’s room. She was pretty sure they were not in there, but was curious, nonetheless. He had an area adjoining the bedroom that contained his closets.  
   Kristen opened the first door. It was filled with all his dark imported suits.  
   “Boy, he has as many outfits as I do! What a Fashion Ho!”       She then looked over to a line of cabinets that were much larger and probably used for storage. She slowly opened one of them. The door stuck a little bit, but she pushed it with her foot.  
     She saw a set of boxes. At the end of the closet, a sole 
black veil was draped on a hangar. Kristen’s heart took a leap. It was just like the veils she saw on those people who were hanging from the metal crosses at the party back in Chicago! 
     She now thought about the three men who had watched her that day. She wondered if they were British and if they were Karl’s friends from here. Maybe they went to the parties that Millicent was talking about.  
     All she knew, was that she had very ominous feelings about remaining even a minute more in this house. She quickly closed the closet and rushed back to her room.      She scribbled Karl a note and explained that she went for a long jog. And, even though it was useless to her, she grabbed her cell phone and threw her purse over her shoulder.  
     As she trotted down the driveway, she saw a car pull in. Her heart skipped a beat. Then it backed out and went the other direction. 
     Karl returned a few minutes later and read her note. With Kristen out of the house, he settled down in his den and looked over contracts that his secretary had a messenger deliver to him. He was about to finish signing them when there was a knock at the door. He placed his pen on the desk and looked out the window. He could see the front grill of a limousine.  
     As he opened the door, Anthony Fiore stood before him. His bodyguard driver was leaning on the car, keeping a careful watch over him.  
     Karl looked amused, “Mr. Fiore, what brings you to jolly 
Old England? How nice of you to visit me.”  
     Anthony did not smile back at him. He demanded,       “Where is Kristen? She left me several messages. I want to know what you have done with her!”  
     Karl stepped back, “Excuse me for just one minute more Mr. Fiore.” He closed the door halfway and walked back into his den. He opened the desk drawer and fished around for his gun. Anthony pushed the door open and went in the house.  
     Karl was just turning back from the desk, when Anthony pinned him up against it. He swiftly took the gun out of Karl’s hand and put it on a table.  
     Anthony pulled Karl close to his face,  
     “Who do you think you are dealing with? Where is Kristen?” Anthony started calling loudly, “Kristen! Kristen!”       He then pushed Karl down into his swivel chair.      “You are such a loser! Just another Marquis de Sade wannabee.”  
     Karl snickered, “Well, then you know that Kristen has been my favorite pet for quite some time.” He began to straighten his tie and remained very calm.  
     “Miss Stratford is not here. She is in London with her friends and I have no reason to tell you anything different. She has indicated to me that she has no desire to ever see you again. She will be taking up permanent residence here. 
In fact, I am planning to ask her to marry me.” 
     Anthony pulled him out of his chair, “Kristen loves me! And, until she tells me in person that she doesn’t, I am going to look for her. If you have touched one hair on her for any reason, I will kill you!” 
   Karl clucked, “Oh, such harsh words coming from such a big man. He then gazed at Anthony’s tanned body and gave him a wink.  
     “You know that I do not fear you Mr. Fiore, quite the opposite. But, for your own protection, I am going to call the bobbies on you right now.”  
     He reached over for his desk phone. Anthony took his fist and smashed it. He then held Karl up, as his driver punched him hard in the stomach a few times.  
Tony was back, and perhaps, he never left.      Karl began laughing and Anthony gestured to his aide to stop, “Alright, that’s enough. It looks like this freak is starting to enjoy it too much.” 
   Karl remained unaffected and had experienced no pain.     
   “That was a big mistake. You will never see her again!” 
     Anthony pushed him to the floor,  
     “You know the consequences if you continue to pursue her. You know how the Fiore family handles things.”      Karl replied rudely, “Well, you know that is a matter for debate.” Anthony came at him again.  
     Karl then spoke in a deep commanding voice, which no longer had an accent, or sounded like his own,  
     “Obviously, Fiore, we travel in the same circles and you may have seen me around, but I don’t believe that you know who I really am, since you are not privy to that knowledge. At least, both your father and grandfather knew to respect me.”   
     Anthony faltered, “My father? What are you talking about?” 
     Karl jumped in, “That's right my dear Mr. Fiore. You understandably have more questions. Just go back to Palm 
Beach and you will learn about the official rules. I met 
Kristen first and as it pertains to you, the game has changed. Perhaps Kristen does love you, but we all know, and you will learn, that it doesn't matter."  
   Karl intensely studied Anthony's perplexed face. He paused and carefully spoke again,  
     "On a lighter note for you, and what is even more relevant, is that I am growing tired of Kristen and I am thinking that I just might let you have her. I have not made up my mind quite yet. I also have my own long-term plans for you.” 
   Anthony still could not process the information and now chose not to listen to him. Defiant and angry, he said,      “Again, tell Kristen I am looking for her and you had better see to it that she does call me today.” The two men walked out. 
     Karl put the gun back in his desk and dialed his phone.  
     A man answered. Karl said only two words, “It’s time.”  
      
     When Kristen returned almost two hours later, she was surprised to see three black cars lined up outside of the gate, obscured by the tall bushes. She walked around to the back of the house in order to avoid seeing Karl and any guests that might be present in the living room. 
     Kristen pushed the door open and walked into the kitchen. She immediately noticed that the door to the basement was wide open and the stairway light was on.       Then something caught her eye on the kitchen counter. She saw it was a black paper square! Kristen froze and looked at it in disbelief. She stared in the direction of the cellar and thought she heard someone coming up the stairs.        She quickly grabbed a large knife from the counter and held it tightly in front of her as she ran into Karl’s den. She went to his desk and frantically tried to open the drawers. They were all locked. She desperately needed his car keys!      She thought hard, and then rushed into the driver’s quarters off the kitchen. She searched through his coat pockets and felt jagged metal. She found a key! She looked at the emblem and saw that it was for his Mercedes.      Still holding the knife, Kristen ran outside, jumped into his car, and tore off towards the airport. As she sped along the country roads, she barely could see straight because she was trembling so hard. 
     “What were they planning to do to me?” 
     When Kristen was finally safe inside the airline terminal, she looked for a pay phone. She was still scared and the weapon was inside her purse. She was afraid that Karl would follow after her and she was not afraid to use it. She just had to find Anthony. She needed his help! 
     She almost forgot how to dial for an overseas operator. She placed a collect call to Anthony’s house, but no one answered. Then she had the operator try his cell phone and it began ringing. Kristen pleaded, “Don’t go to voicemail. Oh, 
God Anthony please pick it up!”  
   “Hello?”  
     Kristen’s words rushed out, 
     “Anthony! Please save me! He’s going to kill me!”  
     Anthony was overjoyed to hear her, “Where are you?”      “I am at Heathrow. Please help me!”  Kristen cried. 
     Anthony was relieved that she had left Karl’s house.  
     “Were you going to fly home to me baby?”  
     Kristen started sobbing, “Yes, Anthony, I love you. I need you!”  
     “Don’t worry, that jerk is not going to kill you.” He instructed her calmly, “Go over to the private jet area. I will meet you in there.”  
     Kristen joyously cried out, “You’re here in London? You are at the airport?”  
      “My jet is there and I will arrive shortly. Go meet me over by it. I am on the road right now. I have been looking all over for you. Kristen, I am so glad that you are alright.”  
   “Anthony, I am so sorry I ever left Palm Beach. Can you forgive me?”  
     Anthony softly replied, “I am the one that chased you away. I am the one who should be saying that they’re sorry. Just hang tight honey. I will be there soon.” 
   Kristen was afraid to leave the booth. She just wanted to keep holding onto the phone. It was a lifeline. 
     When Anthony arrived at his jet, there was no Kristen in sight, “Did Karl find her?” 
     He searched the airport, until he finally saw her, still sitting by the pay phone. She was crying. He reached down and picked her off her chair kissing her.   
     “Kristen, I thought I lost you! He then became serious and he looked her over, “Did that psycho touch you?"  
     He then swallowed and said sternly, "Have you ever slept with him? If you did, we are over.”  
   Sadly, the moment was ruined because the old jealous Anthony had returned.  
   Kristen was a quite upset, “I have never had sex with Karl. 
I don’t think he is capable of a normal relationship. Honest 
Anthony, you can believe me.” 
   Anthony looked into her eyes and kissed her again. 
Kristen looked down at her purse.  
     “Anthony, I have a knife in here. I don’t know what to do with it.”  
     Anthony’s eyes grew wide, “Are you kidding me? What did that monster do to you?”  
     Anthony took her purse. “I am going to throw it out in the Men’s Room. You can’t have this inside an airport. Just wait for me here.”  
     Kristen reached take out her cell phone. As soon as her fiancé walked off, the phone began ringing. She saw that it was Karl and ignored it.  
     She then looked up to see a tall man walking toward her. 
He was scowling and his hand was deep in his pocket. 
Kristen looked frantically for an exit door.  
     Anthony re-appeared and walked toward her. Kristen screamed, “Anthony, I think that man has a gun!” The man turned and quickly walked in the opposite direction.          Anthony ran after him. He chased him for several minutes, until the man fled outside into the back corridor of a service area. 
     After Anthony was gone for at least twenty minutes, Kristen grew very worried and debated whether she should tell someone at the airport customer center. 
     She began to walk over there. Half-way to the booth, she could see Anthony in front of her. His suit coat was ripped down the side and he had a large cut across his cheek.      Kristen called out to him, “Anthony, I am so glad you are back. What happened to you? Did you find that man?”       Before he could answer, her phone rang again. Kristen gave Anthony a helpless look and he knew just who it was.       Anthony grabbed it from her and yelled into the phone.       “I am here with my fiancée. Why are you calling her? She thinks you want to kill her. I took care of your goon. He has a few bruises to remember me by. And I am now sending my 
men over there to be rid of you, once and for all!" 
   He almost hung up, when Kristen grabbed his arm and said, “Tell him his car is at the airport.”  
     Anthony yelled into the phone again, “Your car is at Heathrow. Do not come for it until tomorrow. 
Understand?”    
     Karl coldly replied, “Excuse me, I do not know what gentleman you are referring to. Please inform Miss Stratford that she is too much trouble and I have relinquished her. And as for you, Mr. Fiore, I will be expecting a personal favor in return. I have just now learned that your sponsors received the word of approval for your Whitestone membership. I understand that you have been waiting for some time, in fact several years to join. See you at the club. It will all become clearer.”  
     Anthony shouted at Karl, “I was never told that you were a member there. If you are, I am going to tell them no thanks!”       Anthony now felt very confused as he hung up. He put Kristen’s phone in his pocket.  
     “We are going to get you another phone. He won’t be bothering you again.”  
     Kristen anxiously spoke, “Anthony, Karl has my passport and all my I.D. cards. It was like he kidnapped me!”      “Don’t worry, it’s my jet and there are ways to get you boarded without it. I just need to have my driver go talk to someone.” He looked toward the service area and noticed that security men were running in that direction. He then saw Karl’s man staggering back inside. Anthony quickly put his sunglasses on.  
     “Kristen, we have to get out of here now.”  
     Anthony then reached into his coat and pulled out her engagement ring. He gently lifted her hand and placed it back on her finger,  
     “You don’t know this, but I have changed my life for you and I won’t be giving you any more reasons to take it off again. I promise. I love you!” 
     He hugged Kristen tightly and then rushed her over to the other terminal where his jet was. Kristen stayed close by Anthony’s side the entire trip. She was afraid to leave him. 
 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 	 


18  BÊTE NOIRE (BLACK BEAST)
  
“Only the ocean knows what secrets lay beneath her watery shroud.” 
  
     There had been a rumbling beneath Palm Beach for several days now. As the waters warmed and the currents changed their course, small bubbles could now be seen rising out of Hell’s tunnel.  
     This occurrence could easily be written off as a weather phenomenon that occurred at different times of the year, but to those who believed in the folk lore and pirate’s tales, it indicated that the demons were ready to be fed again. Of course, it also meant something even more significant for the members of The Black Veil.  
     There was a flurry at the airports as all of the club members arrived that week to attend a special Whitestone event. It involved the initiation of new members and the elevation of certain others to the next threshold. Except for the golf course, the club and tennis courts had been closed for two days, in order for renovations to be completed to prepare for it.  
     Karl was also back in Palm Beach. His return was to be brief, so to attend the Whitestone affair that evening. It was uncertain, what else his intentions were besides that. He then planned to return to England for an indefinite period. And, even though he had the recent confrontation with Anthony, things had changed and he was not concerned should he run into him anywhere… 




Hello…

This book is just starting to get exciting! Author needs to pay cancer bills-so please buy the book on Amazon. It is reasonably priced. See link on Smashwords page. It is officially called Palm Beach Billionaire’s Club-Season for the Devil. 2nd Edition.

If you truly cannot afford it-please email author and we will send you a free PDF for the rest of this book.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
 
Ashley Woods enjoys captivating her audience and encourages them to read between the lines. She likes it dark and edgy, but written tastefully, and is always in search of a unique adventure! 
 
Sorry. No photo for this author - Woods also has a knack for running into the wrong men-lives in fear of retaliation from a few of her very realistic "fictional characters", and is hiding in an exotic locale somewhere in the world; most likely on a beach... 
 
 Inquiries/Permissions 
Comments 
                   
Contact Us:  ashleywoodsbooks1@gmail.com 
 Please join the notification list for future books Would love a publisher to help with marketing! 
 
 
 
 

