

Prophesied A Spirit Within Book I


Parallel


Copyrighted 2013


by


 Cheryl Doucet-Surette


 Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This book is dedicated to Yvonne Marie,
my mother, my friend
Je vais toujours te manqué.
May you be looking down with joy,
at all you have helped me accomplish
opening my heart once more.
Merci.
C.

Author’s notes
It has been brought to my attention that my explanation of certain things in my books are perhaps a bit vague, to say the least, on the topic of the void, or Parallel from which this series has originated. 
To my very first reviewer...I love !love! The honesty you have  shown me. Without it I would never have known, so I say thank you for the constructive criticism to Dana in Marionville, PA.
 So because of this I have added a footnote at the ending of each book describing it in further detail. I have done many revisions of Book 1 Parallel, I have since added these footnotes to the latest edition on July 5, 2013. So to any readers having downloaded previous versions please feel free to download the newest one, it is still free.Happy reading and Thank You to all that have downloaded my books. CDS.
 

Table of contents


1/Wow is she for real?
2/Suddenly
3/The power of dreams
4/Nightmares
5/Trust me
6/Life really sucks
7/Numb and tingly 
8/What’s your story?
9/Old friends collide
10/What have I done?
11/Regret’s and if only
12/Calm before the storm
13/Desperation
14/Faith
15/Home to you
16/Glossary


Where were you when I laid the foundations of the earth?
Tell me if you have understanding.
Who determined its measurements?
Surely you know.
Or who stretched the line upon it?
To what were its foundations fastened?
Or who laid its cornerstone,
When the morning stars sang together,
And all the sons of God shouted for joy? ------JOB 38 2-7



“But My faithfulness and my mercy shall be with him,
and in My name his horn shall be exalted. Also I will set his
hand over the sea, and his right hand over the rivers.
He shall cry to me, ‘You are my father, My God, and
the rock of my salvation.’Also I will make him my firstborn,
the highest of the kings of earth. My mercy I will keep with him
forever and my covenant shall stand firm with him. His seed also
I will make endure forever and his throne as the days of heaven.
If his sons forsake My law and do not walk in my judgements,
if they break My statutes and do not keep my commandments,
Then I will punish with the rod, and their inequity with stripes.
Nevertheless My loving-kindness I will not utterly take from him,
nor allow My faithfulness to fail. My covenant I will not break,
nor alter the word that has gone out of My lips
Once I have sworn by My holiness; I will not lie to David:
His seed shall endure forever, and his throne as the sun before Me;
It shall be established forever like the moon,
even the faithful witness in the sky.”     Selah --------PSALM 89, 24-37


The mystery of the seven stars which
you saw in my right hand,
and the seven golden lampstands:
The seven stars are the angels of the
seven churches, and the seven Lampstands
which you saw are the churches -------REVELATIONS 1-20


Karma:
What you put into the world comes back to you. How you live your life determines what kind of life you will have.------ Chinese proverb

Prologue Too soon

It was one of those days when nothing goes the way you plan. Selah hadn’t heard the alarm that morning. So she had been late for school. In the rush she had forgotten to tighten the cover of her soup she had packed for lunch, it had totally ruined her English project that she had stayed up all night to finish. She was definitely distracted all day, not noticing her surroundings and preferring to be alone with her thoughts.
 Selah finally reached the end of the miserable ness, or so she thought. It was a slow misty wet drizzle outside, she almost felt as if she was beginning to mildew. Of course it was the perfect ending to the perfect day; she slowly stumbled one foot in front of the other making her way home after school. Selah had been late getting out trying to make up some work for Mrs. Bradshaw in the hopes that it would help her grade with the ruined project.
 As she found herself walking alone along the grey streets, she knew she should hurry in case it started to pour but her feet couldn’t seem to move any faster than they were already.  It was her thirteenth birthday next week, Sept 2, 1995, the lucky day she first graced this world, her Mom always said to her. But her Mom refused to let her have a boy girl party like all the other girls were having. Why couldn’t her mother understand she had to make her place in junior high, this wasn’t elementary school any longer. There was such a thing as status now, you had to have something going for you or you became invisible. Hopefully she would fit in some category or another. Maybe Sports would be her thing, either way this was her chance to become whoever she wanted to be, she could re-invent herself. 
Selah was grateful she had at least put on her hoody that morning; no-one would see the lovely mess her hair was in, she hoped. Her mp3 player was blasting the new Mariana’s Trench song, “Cross My Heart.” So engrossed in her thoughts she didn’t notice the small group of teenage boys, a few hundred feet behind her.
As she crossed the street that adjoined the long road leading to her house, she began lightly humming the song, drifting in her thoughts of the day. Brittany had been such a little princess flaunting her project in front of everyone in class. Some people had such nerve; she would hopefully get loads of acne soon, if only, she had perfect skin not to mention her boobs were coming in really good. Selah’s were miniscule hard lumps of flesh that hurt like the by-Jesus if she even barely touched them. She had started her period the month before, which was pure bliss. Not! Its second appearance had come today, just another thing to add to her list of wonderful surprises. At least this time she had prepared things in her book bag. No need to go to the secretary at school asking for a pad or tampon. She thought God must have been smoking crack when he thought up of that idea, bleeding once a month, Uhk! It wasn’t pleasant, “You’re a woman now”, her mom had said, Oooo lucky me, and she got to look forward to this for the next 40 years! Super-duper mom!
The groups of boys were walking much faster now, whispering to one another and snorting like pigs “Do you know her,” the talk lanky one said to the pimply faced chubby one.
“I’ve seen her around the halls I think,” the one named Edgar said, thinking how he had seen her at South End elementary last year and she had a brother that went to school with his sister.” She’s in Mr. Thompson’s home room.”
 “She’s kind of cute don’t ya think? What do you think she looks like naked?” tall and lanky Bobbie John or B.J. for short asked Edgar.
“We should leave her alone,” Edgar said, “I talked to her before she’s real nice. I don’t wanna get in no trouble, ok.”
“Whatever Edgar, you’re just a pussy! Pussy!” They all taunted him. The others were followers of B.J’s whatever he did they stupidly duplicated. Edgar became extremely quiet then. As they got closer and closer to Selah, he wouldn’t tell them her name. Man, these guys were such creeps but he hadn’t found anyone else to hang out with, he had found out the hard way how Junior high wasn’t good if you were a loner. And hey if you can’t beat them, ya might as well join them, right? Edgar thought if he could ever finish school he would leave these losers behind, he knew he was definitely smarter than they were. He silently prayed they wouldn’t hurt her. It didn’t look good though, he knew Selah always took the shortcut through the field that went to her house. If she took that route there was nothing he could do to help her, or was there? No, he couldn’t risk them coming down on him.  BJ was a mean shit when he got mad, he treated everyone the way his old man treated him, bad. Maybe because the weather was so wet she’d stick to the main road, so she’d be drier. “Please Selah take the main road,” he whispered under his breath.
The short cut was just a few feet away Selah’s music was a slow soothing song, kinda depressing. It matched her mood perfectly. She was already soaking wet what did it matter if her feet were too, she thought. It was fitting it seemed, she could go more to the left side of the path to miss the big puddles. She was oblivious, to the trouble brewing behind her, as she only thought her day couldn’t possibly get any worse?
She had taken the path; he wanted to cry now, scream out a warning, something, but no he was destined to be a coward in the face of adversity. He had seen what happened the last time they were alone with a girl, at the dance last year, she was messed up pretty good now. He had heard she had even tried to slit her wrist or something. Please Selah turn around then run…run for your life.
The group of boys reached her as she was in the section of the pathway where no-one was visible from either road. “Hey Baby! Yeah wanna have some fun with a real man?” B.J. slithered passed her like the snake he was.
Selah was startled by the sudden interruption. And slowly took her head phones off. “What? Sorry!” She stammered clearly shocked she wasn’t alone anymore. “I couldn’t hear you; I was listening to my music.”
“I said, do ya wanna have fun with a real MAN”…the look in B.J’s eyes was pure evil, he even reeked of something rotten.
Selah took a step back and realized she was surrounded. There was one boy she recognized she thought, he was looking at the ground, as if he was ashamed of something. Edgar that was his name, she remembered.
  “You know you wanna, no sense to fight it baby” B.J. cooed, thinking it made him sound sexy. 
Selah realized if she didn’t act soon she would have no chance to escape. Especially if they all helped him, to do god only knew what. Selah saw the tall one move to avoid the puddle and saw her only chance, she dropped everything and ran, ran with every ounce of strength she had.
 He was so tall though and he easily overpowered her. When he grabbed Selah he threw her into the tall grass on the side of the pathway, Selah knew she stood no chance. She bucked and kicked like a wild bull. He was incredibly strong and by this time the other boys were there, as they grabbed Selah’s arms and legs and held them fast. She felt the tears streaming down her face, fear had turned her muscles to jelly, and it was as if time had stopped and stood still. Selah’s mind began to shut down, frozen. She couldn’t stop this, what would they do to her, how far would they go? The more Selah froze the more she released all her power, her strength diminishing, she couldn’t change the outcome, and she just wasn’t strong enough. There were too many of them.
 It was like she saw it happening to someone else, this wasn’t reality, this wasn’t real, and Selah felt herself float above her motionless body as she watched them, detached from everything. They were pulling her pants down to her ankles and touching her everywhere. There were tears streaming down her face, her makeup smudged down her cheeks. The tall one grabbed a hold of her panties with such force it lifted her bottom off the ground a good foot. The sound was gut wrenching as the thin fabric gave way. The excitement in B.J’s eyes was sickening. The girl was motionless, empty. Selah’s eyes had a glazed look of death in them. One of the other boys noticed and said “I think there’s something wrong with her BJ she’s not moving at all, look at her eyes. I think you should stop.” 
Edgar found a small measure of courage and squeaked out “Yeah BJ, I think she’s in shock or something.”
 “Shut up, shut your pansy mouth and do what I told ya!”  He shouted, the lust in his voice coating each word heavily. He quivered in anger, “Spread her legs apart for me.”
 Selah just laid there motionless not squirming, it was killing his buzz. “Move you dirty hoe! You know you want this! Tell me how much you like it,” he screamed at her He hadn’t noticed the blood as he shoved as much of his hand between her legs as he could.
Selah couldn’t witness the debauchery anymore and went higher, up… up where there was no pain, or anyone tormenting her physical core. It was dark and ominous and then all at once the light opened like a flower’s petals. The heaviness weighting on her disappeared, leaving her spent and rather listless.
 She was in a strange room; it took a minute for her eyes to adjust. She thought she was dreaming or in shock. While looking around the room and notice she wasn’t alone. There was a figure with their back to her; their hair was shoulder length and jet black. Her every sense instantly warned her to run… another stranger meant trouble. 
They must have heard her as she stumbled and grabbed the wall to steady her quivering legs. It was a male, this one older than the others, maybe around 16, he was playing a guitar.
Daniel heard a strange sound, and was startled. He was so accustomed to being here alone with his thoughts and guitar. He turned and saw her, she was beautiful just as he remembered, and it had been so long. But why was she here, how had she found him? It wasn’t supposed to be this way, they were to meet in the real world not here, something just wasn’t right. When he turned to face Selah, her feelings of fear dissipated like vapor, she instantly knew she was safe, but why?
 Daniel slowly put his guitar down, and stood. He was filled with such joy a seeing Selah again; she was so young though, she would only be 12, he calculated quickly. Her birthday was soon he remembered. He knew everything about her, and she wouldn’t know him…but he had agreed to that.
Selah’s breath caught in her throat, her heart began to beat like a thoroughbred horse`s running its final lap. She saw he was tall but not thin, with a slim athletic build, the kind that every guy wished they had. His face was round in shape and small; he had soft sensual lips, and the longest eyelashes she had ever seen. His nose was a bit larger than normal but it fit his face like a glove, and his eyes were steel gray, as dark as storm clouds full up with rain, she could see they were filled with an amazing wonderment in them, as if he were seeing the world for the first time.
“You’re not supposed to be here yet… you have to go back. It’s not the right time yet.” Daniel whispered, his heart breaking knowing he had to let her go again…
Confusion clouded Selah’s thought, what does he mean, yet? She didn’t understand, she felt a strange power overwhelming her, a pull of some sort. Like a moth to a flame, she so desperately wanted him to hold her and tell her all would be fine now. But who was he? What did he mean to her?
All of a sudden she felt nauseated as if someone was shaking her fiercely; she heard a voice frantically saying her name over and over…  She slammed back into her physical body, as she realized Edgar was shaking her, as her head snapped to and fro like a rag dolls.
“Please wake up Selah! Please be alright.” Edgar was panicking now.
Selah opened her eyes and saw Edgar with his hands firmly gripped to her arms about to shake her again. “Let me go you creep!” she cried.
“They’re gone Selah when B.J. saw you were bleeding they took off. I’m so sorry, I should have helped you…I’m just so sorry,” Edgar said as tears rolled down his face
 Edgar looked worse than she felt, Selah realized, they hadn’t hurt her too much, her virginity was intact. She mentally thanked god for inventing menstruation, it had saved her that day. Edgar had managed to cover her with his coat; he was full of mud, as was she. They hadn’t done too much damage, she would recover. “It’s ok Edgar… I know it wasn’t your fault. It’s ok, calm down…” She knew he wasn’t to blame, she really didn’t think he was like that. “Can you turn around while I fix myself up,” Selah knew it was too late to be modest but couldn’t help saving the little bit of dignity that remained.
“Of course,” Edgar stood and turned his back to her, grateful that this slip of a girl had forgiven him for his lack of courage. “I’ll walk you home every day if you want,
 Selah. It’s the least I could do for you, you know with what just happened and all,” he rambled on.
Selah stood after his back was turned and salvaged what remained of her clothes. Her panties were ruined…she shoved them in her pocket anyway not wanting to leave any evidence of the crime here to remind her again. She supposed she was in shock or something. The boy she had saw…she just couldn’t erase his face…and what he had said, who was he…better yet who was she?  She wondered.


Chapter1/Wow is she for real?

The old pendulum clock struck one, startling her, as Selah Jones looked onto the tiny room at her mother. She was wearing an anxious expression on her face, what was that women telling her? 
She bit her lip in worry this was so not what she bargained for, she was anxiously awaiting her faith. What if this woman could see what was really inside Selah’s head would she see how very different she really was? How she sometimes knew things before they happened, that was really hard for her to digest, or the deja-vu. But the strangest of all was when she dreamed something terrible happening to her and then it would come out in the news of having actually happened to someone in the near vicinity. Those were the ones that left her soul chilled to the bone. She never told anyone, just kept it all inside, and as things began to get stranger still for her, she seemed to retreat deeper and deeper inside herself, afraid it was somehow visible on the outside.
Selah was dumbfounded how her mom, Diana, had talked her into coming here, at the old haunted mansion on the hill to see a fortune teller. Diana had been so excited to have a glimpse into the future, her future. Selah thought each day had enough problems, let alone worrying about tomorrow. She had only been inside the room now for a few minutes, Selah settled in, she might as well get comfy; her reading would take an hour or so. Lord knows what freaky thing she would put inside her mom’s head. 
The room she was in was filled with antique furniture and smelled a mixture of pledge and some air freshener trying to mask the oldness of the place. They had some pretty nice pieces, a rolled top desk with the stain worn in some places showing the telltale signs of being well used at one time. The bed was small for the size of the room, the headboard was carved all along the posts with what resembled vines, ivy upon closer inspection. There was a nice patterned rug on the floor of different hues of red and orange with some black and blues thrown in for good measure. The wall paper had seen better days that was for sure; who did wallpaper nowadays the walls must have been a mess underneath.
What had Thomas told her yesterday? That there was a room in the mansion upstairs that had a bloodstain on the wall that never really went away, even though they kept trying to cover it up? She supposed it could be this room; there were so many different ones to choose from. The wall paper looked fairly new at one section, Selah rose to get a closer look. She noticed that the paper was coming unglued in one corner, and reached out to see what was behind the paper.  There was an older woman across the hall waiting to see a different psychic. She smiled at Selah, as she smiled back, had she noticed me ripping the wall paper off?
“Your very young” she said, “This must be your first time getting your fortune told.” 
“Yes, I’m 16 and it’s my first time,” Selah said.
 “You’re really gonna enjoy it, it’s really amazing how much they can tell you about yourself. I have come here every 5 years to get mine told and every time they tell me something new,” She bubbled out.
 There must have been someone else in the hall because Selah heard another female voice saying that this was her second time seeing one and the last time a few things had actually happened. Well duh! Why else would you come back? Some people just couldn’t make up their own decisions obviously, without someone telling them what to do. The old lady began talking with the other, Selah tuned out the voices.
 Selah looked at the older lady across from her, she had wrinkles around her eyes, probably a grandmother that loved to cook by her size, she nervously clutched and unclutched her purse in her hands, strange Selah thought, as the lady turned towards her feeling her staring. Selah pretended she was focused on the section of wallpaper she had taken off, as her phone began to vibrate. 
Yes! It was Thomas,
 “Did she tell you you’re mentally insane? Lol.” He texted. 
“That’s you, jerk; I’m trying to rip the wallpaper off the wall in the bedroom I’m in, trying to find something.” Selah texted back.
 “Shit really! You are mentally insane! You’re destroying someone else’s property Sel, not good what are you trying to find anyway?” Thomas wrote.
 “What do you mean? You’re the shithead that told me about the stain!” She texted back, she was getting slightly pissed at him.
 “Lol, Sometimes I wonder about you. It was on the floor! Next time I tell you something get your head out of your butt,” He texted back.
 Crap, she had ripped the wallpaper for nothing. Selah looked up at the clock, 15 minutes had passed; this was going to be a long hour. She peeked in to her mom, she didn’t look as happy as when she went in. The woman had some bowl, with what looked like water staring into it. “Great she’s a freak!” she texted Thomas.
 “You should get along great with her then.” Thomas texts back. He’s right Selah was a freak kinda, not popular not unpopular. Somewhere in the middle she guessed, she just didn’t choose sides, Switzerland that was her motto. She usually preferred her own company, Thomas was the occasional acceptance. She had mistakenly told him about her plans for the afternoon.
In Selah’s mind she was not pretty or beautiful, just average and cute, it would have to do. Her hair wasn’t shiny or straight as some girls. And on a rainy day if she didn’t smooth it down with loads of conditioner.  Well she could pass for a sheep, a black one in desperate need of a shearing. She was considered tall, 5’ 71/2 “. And thin, thanks to badminton that kept her that way. With hazel eyes and very full heart shaped lips, Angelina Jolie lips, she’d had heard them being called , and had smiled politely that day. At least when she got older, she knew she wouldn’t need Botox. She looked like her dad, according to her mom, but was like her mother in every other way, which suited her just fine.
She had her own style, and loved to mix her clothes up and the weirder the better. It had helped weed out the many people she didn’t want to be associated with; she knew on more than a few occasions, she also had embarrassed her mom in public with her outfits. Who needed to match anyway? That was part of her uniqueness, and the fact that she was one of the only females in the sophomore class who had no female best friends. Who needed the drama?
Oh she talked to them but when it came to anything personal she told the only one she could rely on, her dog Gummy Bear. His name was Gunner but he was more like a gummy bear, soft and squishy. A golden retriever and little river mix, he had the huge head, and body of a golden retriever, the yellow eyes and short legs of the little river duck dog. He’s was so cute, cuddly and he listened to everything she had to say and always loved her .She wondered what the fortune teller was gonna say about that? 
 If she was totally honest with herself she definitely was curious to what she would tell her. “I’m a bit nervous you should talk me thru this Tom.” she texted him.
Thomas, he was a sweet heart and probably the biggest nerd at school. Selah secretly knew he had a crush on her; it was so obvious when she caught him staring at her sometimes, the looks Gunner gave her were similar, pure adoration. He had become a staple in her life of late and she sort of liked it. He didn’t pry too much, and wasn’t overbearing.
 She had started hanging with him when he began tutoring her in physical science at the beginning of the term. Who understood that crap anyway, not her. Selah had offered up the info that she needed a tutor in the hopes that Colby Hansen would get the hint and volunteer. He was the school jock, with the brains to boot.  No such luck though, he would defiantly not be my first kiss, oh well it was always nice to dream.
Thomas texted back “I’m sure everything will be fine Selah, maybe you’ll actually find out your secretly adopted or something.”
 That Selah highly doubted the genes just didn’t lie.  Besides information like that would crush her. The fortune teller would probably say she would meet the man of her dreams and have 2.2 kids blah, blah, blah…she would never move out of Glendale, Nova Scotia and she was destined to be a home maker, blah, blah… Definitely not! She was destined for great thing she could feel it deep in her soul, no cookie cutter life for her, oh no.  Although Selah didn’t feel the pull to leave the small town she had been raised in her whole life. But she felt like going places, ironic she knew.
 “Maybe I’m really your sister, Lol” Selah wrote back.
 Thomas answered “That is totally not funny! Message me back when you’re done.” The next fifteen minutes were a mental blur as Selah played a game on her iPod touch.
Trying to distance herself as some new people entered the room, waiting to see the psychic. She offered a casual smile when they sat down. No, her parents hadn’t taught her to be anti-social; she just wanted some time to herself. Her Mom should be done and out any minute now. 
Diana walked out with an apprehensive smile on her face, clutching her purse with a white knuckle grip. This did not look promising; Selah’s fears were returning at a breathtaking pace, her heart began to drum in her chest looking to escape if at all possible. She felt the constriction as her breath quickened. “Are you alright mom?”
 Her mom turned her face towards Selah and as soon as their eyes met, Selah saw her mom relax. “Oh wow! Selah, that was life changing, you should go in honey, don’t keep her waiting.”
As Selah walked in she could feel the coolness of the room. She glanced over and saw the window was wide open, strange it was pretty cold in January, and usually normal people kept their windows closed. Ok calm down Selah, she thought don’t jump to conclusions, keep an open mind. The lady in front of the table as Selah sat down was in her mid-fifties or so, she was dressed normally actually quite nice, no bandannas or long scarves or gaudy jewelry. She wore a nice leopard print blouse with black pants. Her hair was dirty blond, and shaped her oval face perfectly, you could tell she had the habit of tucking it back behind her ears. It wasn’t at all Selah’s mental image of a fortune teller. Her mom had said she would take care of the payment for Selah’s session so she never even questioned it.
The fortune teller stood and offered up her hand, “Hi I’m Maria let me begin by explaining a little about myself. I grew up in mainland Nova Scotia in a small town called Wilbur, it’s just outside Yorkshire. I’m the youngest of 5 and my mother spoiled me rotten,” she said with a smile. ”At around the age of 7, I began having strange dreams about people that had died or were about to die. It rose up quite a ruckus with my mom, but my grandmother was surprisingly knowledgeable about the whole thing. She took me under her wing and helped me to understand what was happening to me.”
Selah immediately began relaxing as Maria hadn’t bombarded her with questions as she had expected, maybe she was normal.
 “You see she had been having visions all her life but she had never really told anyone about them, back then the stigma of being different kept her from telling people the truth. She told me she had hoped my mother had the gift also, but I guess it had skipped a generation.” Maria paused for a second then continued
“I have come to see my talent as a gift that shouldn’t be hidden like her’s.  I have been using it since then to help people understand more about their journey here on earth and what their greater purpose truly is .She taught me how to recognize what I saw in the visions as auras. Do you know what an aura is?” she asked me. Selah remembered hearing something about energy and colors, so she stated as much.
 “Yes, your right everyone has energy flowing through them. Sometimes more than at other times it also depends on the type of person you are. Some people’s auras are brighter while others are dimmer. That’s what I’m going to begin with today, reading your aura. Sometimes it’s hard to get a clear picture if the person is closed minded or an introvert. I would really appreciate if you could keep you mind open. And I mean that for after your reading and throughout your life too. It will create many stumbling blocks for you if you don’t. Now I use something to help me get a clearer picture, so if you’re ready we will begin” Maria smiled at me.
Selah waited for the crystal ball to show up; instead she reached under the table and took out a bowl. She then proceeded to fill it with water, Selah was sure the expression on her face must have been mystified because Maria smiled and said “I would use a crystal ball but this works just as well and is much cheaper.” Selah felt the color rising to her cheeks and was sure Maria saw the embarrassment there.
 “My grandmother was raised old school; she always said if something isn’t broken why fix it. Now your aura will help me to see what kind of person you are, your aura is made of different colors and each color signifies something different.” She looked deeply into the bowl and was perfectly still.
Selah took a deep breath and prepared for the worst.
 Maria whispered, “Dear providence, Grant me the serenity and the wisdom to see truth on this day. And protect all those present here, god willing, your humble servant, faithful to the light, Maria.”
 Selah felt the goose bumps rise on the back of her neck. As she felt it get colder still in the room but the curtains had completely stopped moving.
Maria slowly opened her eyes and met Selah’s from across the table. Selah realized somewhere in the back of her mind that things would never ever be the same. 
“You are ancient; I don’t think I have ever met anyone as ancient as you. You have been here on earth many times before. It feels as if all the other lives have been a preparation for this one though. I’m going to now describe how others see you, the way you come across, which best describe the kind of person you are at heart and where you’re true priorities lay.” Here we go Selah thought, she’s going to lay it in on thick.
“Your emotions instincts, feelings, and intuition play a big part in the decisions you make and how you interact with the world, and generally your feelings are quite accurate and helpful to you. Also establishing emotional rapport with the people you meet on a day to day level is rather easy for you. You appear somewhat sympathetic and concerned, so that others feel drawn to you, especially when they need guidance or help,” she said. All the while she still stared in the bowl of water, as if it would swallow her whole. “You seem quirky, unusual, offbeat and different. Sometimes it seems you are trying to provoke people and upset the status quo just by being yourself. You tend to be restless, excitable, and somewhat ungrounded. You would do well to begin meditating to help harness you restless energies.” Selah was dumbfounded, how did she know this? She was looking in a bowl of water for pities sake!
 “You have a sweet appealing demeanor and seem to instinctively grasp the concept that you catch more flies with honey than vinegar. Your personal brand of charm is usually quite winning. You coax rather than coerce. However, if you don’t get what you want you’re likely to resort to insincere flattery, wheedling, whining or even pouting rather than stating directly what you need. That might surprise you because of past experiences; you have tended to isolate yourself in friendships recently. It wasn’t always so, you have had very satisfying relationships with the same sex before. You have a tendency to not trust anyone easily.”
Maria looked up at her for an instant and smiled. Selah’s mind was racing trying to soak in all the information she was throwing her way. She should have thought to record this. Who knew she would actually say stuff she might want to hear.
She began again; Selah tried her best to focus on Maria`s words. “You can get by in life by personality alone… There is a radiant, warm, attractive quality about you that others can’t help responding to favorably. Usually you appear confident and clear about who you are, and it’s very difficult not to notice or feel your influence when you’re around. You are just beginning to discover your higher self; it’s manifesting itself to you more and more as you mature. You must not fight it; instead you should work with the grain instead of opposing it the faster you can believe this the future it can take you on your journey”
“Now I’m gonna describe how you are inside, kind of what makes you tick. You appear to be a softie so other might be surprised at your cool, intelligent criticisms and insight. You may swing from extremes of kind heartedness to biting sarcasm.” And here Selah thought that was just her hormones from puberty, was she saying she would always be this way. Crap, her mom wasn`t going to like that!
Maria continued,’ Conscientious and conservative, you can be relied upon to be careful, efficient, and thorough in your work and you like doing your tasks well. What you may lack in self-confidence you make up for in skills, developing expertise, technical knowledge, and competency in some specialized areas. Disorganization vexes you. You probably wish you weren’t a perfectionist. You are mercilessly self-critical as well.”
“Restless and inquisitive, you enjoy being mobile at times and taking short trips and excursions. In order for you to see what is really going on in the world. Actually I think you should take some sort of insurance when you’re traveling because you tend to leave yourself open to danger.” What did that mean?  Selah hadn`t been anywhere except occasional trips to the city to shop with her mom. Ok now the truth was coming out she’s whacked.
“You love and are well loved by others, and have a strong need for kindness, friendships, and affection. Your creative powers are also extremely developed and you do everything in a harmonious and pleasing manner. Personal appearance and attractiveness is very important to you.” Oh Yeah! Selah wasn`t attracted to a dog that’s for sure! She liked the magnificence of God’s greatest work, and there were some guys that just seemed to have physical perfection, like Colby. Shit! Focus Selah and try to listen.
“As a young child you had great tendencies to daydream, fantasize, and pretend, and probably lived in your own little world.” 
There was nothing wrong with that sometimes, it was so much safer there, Selah thought. “You perceive things which are not obvious to other people and you have an uncanny ability to read people, without being told anything about them. However, you must learn to discriminate a true psychic perception and your imagination.”
Maria lifted her head once more and stopped and took a drink of the remaining water left from her bottle. “You’re probably quite overwhelmed right now,” she said.
That was an understatement Selah`s head was swimming, all that from a bowl of water, she wasn`t going to go swimming for a while. Maybe people could truly see right through her. No, that was ridiculous! She laughed softly “Yeah, I guess so.” 
“Now I’m going to stop reading out of the bowl and see what is going on with you right now and in the future. So now I’m going to read your palms.” She stood at that moment and brought the bowl over by the table near the window and proceeded to dump the water in the straggly looking plant there. Probably all the cold air was gonna kill the poor thing, Selah thought.
She was thinner than Selah had thought at first, bone thin; her pants just sort of hung off her, Jeeze and here she thought thin people were always cold.
“I hope you’re not too cold, when I work I tend to get really hot.” Maria paused and looked at me for an answer.
“No, that’s fine I’m wearing a hoody and I rarely wear a jacket. Sometimes my mom gets mad,” Selah chuckled
“Ah yes teenagers, there never need mittens or boots anymore,”  staring at Selah as if she was seeing her for the first time.
Selah felt a little uncomfortable, like Maria saw something there that no-one else did. Then she shrugged slightly and returned to the table.
“Do you have any questions for me?” Questions, my mind was completely blank, as if someone had taken an eraser and scratched away all my thoughts.     
Selah`s mom was continuously talking all the way home about her reading. Selah’s mind was swimming with all the information that Maria had told her, about herself. Then she caught her mom saying “She said I was going on a very long trip, my bags were packed and I couldn’t change the plans now, something about how I would sit on a rock thinking everything over”
 “What a trip?” Selah stammered out, “Where are you going? You hate traveling, you’re afraid of flying.”
“I know isn’t that funny!” Her mom giggled like a school girl with a secret.
“You know mom, the fortune teller was kinda just for fun, right? I mean you don’t believe everything she told you, do you?” Selah asked her.
“Well no of course not silly,” Her mom chuckled.
Selah turned and examined her mom at that moment and knew she believed a lot more than she was letting on. So she decided to tell her the crazy thing Maria had told her.
 “You know she said the reason I have such dark circles under my eyes, is because I leave my body while I’m sleeping and go visit people, a laugh riot eh! Can you believe that crap?”
“Watch your language, Selah young ladies don’t talk like that,” she muttered anxiously. “It would explain why you sleep like the dead though, you really never move at all in the night, it’s rather creepy honey. I remember that night you were in the hospital with that terrible virus, I was so worried I sat there watching you all night. And I swear to god you never moved once.”
“But mom, really!” Selah exclaimed laughing her butt off. “Visiting people in my sleep talk about wacko central! Oh and get this, if I want to stop doing this I have to drink neo-citron at supper time, then again at bedtime for a week. I can’t even stand that stuff when I need it! I’m definitely not gonna take it when I don’t.”
“I suppose it does sound pretty crazy, when you stop and think about it. But remember to always keep an open mind. I’m sure she told you interesting stuff though, anything that was right about you?” she asked.
‘Well, now that you mention she also told me to stay open to any possibilities.  She said I would meet someone that I had never met before in this life” I spit out.” We have been an item for centuries; he would help guide me through some difficult times.”
Even as she said it Selah knew deep down her laughter was stemming from more of a nervous energy than mere comedy. She had the strangest feeling that Maria was much more talented than she had first lead her to believe.
“Well, Selah’s mom started, that does sound interesting and a bit weird too. Did she say what he looked like?”
“I wish!  That would of been sweet, oh wait she did say his name started with a d. And he would know who I was before I met him. She said it was bad luck to find out someone’s name before you begin a relationship”
“She tells you so many things; it’s hard to remember it all. I should of asked to have it all taped or something then we could of listened to each other’s readings. Sometimes another person listening catches something you might have missed,” Selah’s mom stated.
“Yeah, I can totally see that mom, next time that’s what we’ll do ok.
“Definitely, it was fun though right? You at least got a good laugh out of it.
“Hell yeah,” her mom cut her eyes at her as she snapped her head off the road. “Sorry I didn’t mean to say that! It’s hard mom, those really aren’t swear words. You should hear how the kids at school talk. You could really cut me some slack, ya know.” Selah complained.
Her mom inhaled deeply and took a firmer grip on the steering wheel, she turned to glance at Selah again and grinned “You’re probably right, but I’m still your mother and while you’re under my roof I have to have some control, got it!”
“Yes mother!” Selah stressed out through clenched teeth. Why did she have to go getting all serious on her, weren’t we having a good day so far? Instead Selah changed the subject who needed the argument, and said “Where do you think you’re going on your trip?  Are your taking me, with you?”  She grinned devilishly.
Selah lay on her bed, as a million thoughts ran through her head. Maria had told her so much. Could her dream guy be the one she had seen all those years ago? It couldn’t be, he was so much older than she was or at least she thought, he would be nineteen or twenty by now.  She had probably just made him up in her moments of desperation. It was definitely possible; she had been in shock at the time.If only it was him she sighed, picturing a perfect romance, and how all the girls would be jealous of her, he had been drop dead gorgeous. She would never have to choose to be alone anymore that was for sure! She drifted in her thoughts conjuring up a windswept courting, courtesy of all the old romances she loved to read, with chivalry abound.
Tired of her impossible fantasy, she let her eyes close as she thought of her ability to visit people. That’s how she had found him, that first time. She remembered, floating above her body, while those bullies had their way with her. She must have disconnected her spirit or something? She had seen her body on the ground. It was like there was two of her. Two different experiences at once, she had chosen to hold on to the favourable one. The other she had locked away until now. It wasn’t painful anymore she didn’t hold any grudges towards Edgar.
 True to his word he had faithfully walked her home every day, waiting even when she stayed late. It had been awkward at first but she relaxed more and more as time went on. She had thanked him for helping her through the process of getting her courage back to walk along the shortcut home. And every time they had reached the spot where it all ha happened he had become very quiet and solemn and gave her the respect she needed. He had told her about what B.J. and the others had done to the other girl. She considered herself extremely lucky for her period. “Thank You God,” she whispered to herself.She remembered by the end of grade seven she had gotten tired of his company. He had lost his friends that day in the field, when he had decided to help her, if you could call them friends. Selah had never felt guilty about ditching him, she owed him nothing, he knew that. Whether he had somehow absolved his guilt on his own, she had never asked.
 He had stopped quietly walking home with her and resigned himself to hanging with the nerds and math geeks. She saw him occasionally and said “hi” but that was the end of their friendship now. She was so mentally tired, she decided to just try and sleep. She didn’t think she would try taking neo-citron for a week. Not if there was a remote chance she would find her dream guy again.
She got ready for bed, turned down the covers and relished the feel of the mattress against her back. She was bone weary; she stilled her thoughts and concentrated on her breathing. If she didn’t focus her thoughts would race all night and she wouldn’t rest at all. When she was a small child she had begun imagining a small mouse inside her head with a broom, sweeping her thoughts of the day and making room for tomorrow’s.
As her imaginary mouse slowly emptied her head of everything, her body relaxed and she began to drift off. She felt her body floating as if she were in a boat. She suddenly could picture the earth as if she were on a different planet looking in. She noticed how she saw millions of lights which reminded her of a starry sky. Some were much brighter than others, the more she focused the clearer they became.
 Selah decided to see if she could get a closer look. She focused in on a bright star, brighter than the others. Before she could blink, she found she was in her house the dining room to be more precise. Things looked different, pale and worn. She looked down at herself and realized she didn’t look that way, her skin and clothing were vibrantly bright. Her clothing shifted from jeans and a t-shirt, to pyjamas as she stared at it, colors shifting, just as quickly in a second she was naked, she felt the blood rush to her cheeks. As she looked around to see if anybody was there. She quickly pictured herself in clothes again, they suddenly reappeared. 
Her mom sat on her rocking chair humming to herself and doing a cross stich, her favorite pastime. She was lost in thought, she also looked faded as everything else was, her surroundings were a pale grey and so was her clothing. She began to whisper to herself. 
Selah walked closer and realized her mom couldn’t see her, she heard her mom saying, “It will be alright now, don’t worry honey. You’re going to be so beautiful and strong, you’ll see things will work out just fine.”
Who was she talking to Selah thought? It sounded like she was speaking to her. 
Something she had said to her when she worried over little things. And then all of a sudden her mom was gone, and the rocking chair was empty. Wow this place was strange, was she in a dream. Was she consciously visiting people for the first time in her sleep? Maybe Maria had helped her open up the possibilities. 
She decided to see if she could find someone else she knew. This time she pictured in her mind’s eye where she had been with the lights then went back to where she had begun. She again saw the millions of stars and decided to pick one that wasn’t as bright as the last one. 
This time she was in a small room with sparse furniture. It was cold; there must not have been any heat on in the house. The furniture was mostly old and outdated. The couch was ripped along the cushion and had an indentation as if someone constantly sat in the same spot. And a very pale greyish, orange tabby cat lay sleeping on the top of it. Selah walked over to rub its back, the second it woke up it disappeared.
 Did this place actually exist or was it something from her imagination. Was she picturing what she wanted to see? She truly never remembered being in this house and didn’t have a clue who lived here.
 Everything was still faded and gray everywhere she looked she continued to glance around each room everything was the same dull grey; whoever lived here had little means.  The house was almost empty and what was there was in ill repair.  She thought she would try to go outside; perhaps the streets were familiar to her. As Selah stepped outside she realized she was in the poorest part of town, she hadn’t been here more than once or twice but she thought it looked vaguely familiar. All of a sudden a dog growled, making her jump, rattling her. 
Her clothes were still continuously changing from different colors, to different pants and dresses. She had even had an old Victorian dress on, it was so weird. All frills and lace with a plunging neckline, though she had to admit she had always been attracted to all books and movies made in that time frame. She concentrated hard again and focused on what she was wearing.
The dog was still growling. Could he see her? So far she hadn’t had any physical contact with anything here. She turned and faced the dog usually animals reacted well to her. She had a way with dogs especially; it was a mangy mutt, he was black and brown, dirty, and very thin, definitely underfed.
 Selah thought she would try and approach it, the closer she got to it and the stronger her instincts told her to run. The dog pulled his lips back snarling, showing all his teeth, the growl coming from deep in his throat. She could see the spittle begin to foam around his jaws in rage. In a split second she saw the dogs hind legs bend back, ready to lunge towards her.
 It was like a slow motion scene in a movie, Selah realized she didn’t have long to decide if she would take the chance that the dog was real or make believe. She held her ground and waited as the dog got closer and closer. His jaw was wide open ready to clamp on to her ankle. 
When he reached her she thought he would disappear and she wouldn’t feel anything, he wasn’t real. To her amazement his jaws clamped down on her leg. Selah screamed as the pain shot up her leg, paralyzing her. She forced herself not to panic, breathe… and pictured her room in her mind’s eye, and found herself there. 
No dog to be seen. She looked at her leg; her clothes still continuously changing and again pictured shorts. She had four small holes, two on each side of her ankle. The pain was excruciating, the blood was slowly dripping from the shallow wounds.
She had been wrong, this place was dangerous and obviously not to be taken lightly, she realized. She felt an incredible weight fall on her all of a sudden. She was exhausted, she let go of her hold and felt herself slide back into her body, her strength had all but evaporated. Back in her bed Selah was confident she had reached a plateau that she had never been able to attain consciously before, somewhat content with her effort. She fell into a deep dreamless sleep, tossing and turning and making strange noises all the while. Selah woke feeling somewhat rested a bit more than usual. The first thing she did was to reach down and checked her ankle to see if the bite was real. Sure enough she found the same small wounds as the night before; there was also blood on her sheets. She would have to change her bed.
She got up and stripped the bed, thinking about the events of the night before. That place not what she thought, she could get hurt, feel pain there and it would also happened here. The two places were obviously connected in some way; she suddenly wished she had someone to talk to about it. She knew everyone would think she was crazy.
Wait a minute she thought, the dog had color just like she did, was that her clue? Was that what had made it physically real? It did make sense; maybe she should try to go
There again, and test that theory, and next time she would be much more cautious.
 “Are you awake, Selah?” her dad hollered up the stairs at her. “I’m heading to work, have a good day. Love you guys!”
“Yeah dad,” she hollered back. “Ditto”
“Hey sleeping beauty, oh right your more like the ugly step sister,” her little brother Jacob teased. It was part of their regular morning routine. He was usually quite harmless; but knew how to jump on her last nerve. Since Jacob began going to junior high he had a new found respect for his older, not too bad looking sister, his friends always asked about her. And that helped his popularity, and for that he was grateful. Not to mention Selah had just gotten her driver’s license and he now didn’t have to walk to school. 
Selah jumped in the shower, dressed quickly and put a bandage around her ankle,   it hurt like hell. She tried not to limp, but each time she put weight on it she wanted to scream. Maybe she wouldn’t go back there for a while if she got hurt again…
When she got downstairs Jacob was sitting at the kitchen table eating toast, Gunner next to him waiting for a piece. Gunner took a quick look at her then continued to concentrate on the toast, willing Jake to give him a morsel.
Her mom was still asleep, she hadn’t felt well last night… She noticed Jacob was taking more time with his appearance lately, and the smell of axe cologne almost knocked her off her feet.
“Maybe you should calm down on the cologne Jake, unless you’re trying to suffocate all the girls on the junior side? Do you expect them to fall into a deep coma from your stink? Or is it the only way you can get a girlfriend? Selah snickered at him.
“Careful sis, you’re the one without a boyfriend. I don’t have no troubles in the ladies dept.…” Jacob smiled sweetly at her.
He was right he was doing better in that dept.… she had never even gone on a date before, “I would save the axe for a dance or something though; Tracy will become immune to you after a while. Can you even smell how much you have on?” Selah asked him.
Jacob thought about it then embarrassedly answered “No, I can’t seem to smell it anymore so I spray more on, just in case.”
 Selah rubbed Gunner behind the ears and gave him the end piece of the loaf of bread. She brought him to the back door; he stayed in the fenced yard most of the day,   watching for squirrels that lived in the big old trees there. They drove him crazy. 
Then she grabbed her binder heading for the car. She was lucky her parents hadn’t sold their old car and kept it for her. If she took care of it, it would be passed down to Jake afterwards. She loved the independence that came from having her license; she had even picked up a small part time job at the local café in town. So she now also had a bit of money to buy here crazy clothes with. 
Thinking of clothes, she again remembered all the outfits she had dreamt up the night before when she was in that other place, dimension, whatever it was. She knew she had to stop thinking about it; it would do her no good today. She had a lot to do, a test in bio, and badminton practices would start up soon, she looked forward to that.
Jake slid into the passenger seat next to her, and looked at her with a new appreciation. “Thanks Sel for agreeing to give me rides to school, he said. You know Derek won’t even drive Jared to school, he makes him walk.”
Selah smiled at him “No prob Jake, Derek has always been a self centered jerk. Be glad I’m not a guy I might be the same.”
“No, I don’t think even if you were a guy you would be like that,” he stated. Selah turned and looked at him, he was a sweet heart. He had spiked his dark brown hair, and his eyes were a nice dark blue. He had never gotten too much acne so far; no wonder the girls loved him. And he didn’t smell bad, it was just really strong. He had found a cute little girlfriend, Tracy Davis; she followed him around like a lost puppy.
Jacob took out his phone and began texting someone. Selah concentrated on the road, and kept going to school. It was overcast out, but not too cold for January. She was glad she didn’t have to scrape the windshield; cause she had forgot to set the remote car starter. 
The Toyota tercel was a manual transmission, it had taken quite a bit of practice to learn, but she was glad now that she had.
They arrived at school with plenty of time left before first bell rang. Selah was rarely late. She realized she had left her phone at home. She had shut it off the night before to sleep and completely forgotten it. Thomas would be pissed waiting to see what had happened at the psychic. How much would she tell him? She wondered as she rounded the corner of the senior’s corridor.
“Hey Selah, did you hurt yourself your limping?” Joey Green asked.
 She had been so deep in thought she’d forgotten her limp.
“Nothing serious Joey, I’m just clumsy” Selah muttered. She would probably tell no-one.
 She continued to her locker it was set far back in a corner near the science lab.
When she got there Thomas was waiting with an anxious expression on his face.
“What happened? You never called me and you’re limping. Did she tell you something you didn’t like and you attacked her,” Thomas questioned her.
“Like I have anger issues or something,” Selah exclaimed. She realized in that moment, she would keep most of the information to herself. “She described me to a tee,” Selah informed him opening her locker. “She was pretty cool actually.” She then proceeded to describe the experience in detail to him, all the while leaving out the most interesting parts. She did tell him some about the guy she hadn’t met yet.
 “Wow! That’s not what I thought you would say,” Thomas said while reaching to help her with her heavy bio and chemistry books.
Selah stayed quiet refusing to give out any more info, and then decided to change the subject. “Are you ready for the Bio test?” She asked him.
The day was a fairly good one the Bio test had been a breeze, and they had found out they would be going on a field trip next month, Selah looked forward to the outing. They would go to the beach and each take a section and catalog how many living organisms they could find. Thomas had asked her if they could partner up and she automatically agreed. The report would be a snap with both of them working on it.
When Selah got home that afternoon, her mom was sitting at the kitchen table rubbing her temples, “Hi honey how was your day?” she asked.
Selah noticed her mom looked exhausted, as if she hadn’t slept in a week.
“You still have your headache Mom?” Selah asked with worry etched in her tone.
“Yeah, this one’s been really bad, worse than all the other ones. I’ve been popping 
Tylenols like there’re mm’s.” She murmured barely loud enough for Selah to hear.
Selah hated seeing her mother like this, her headaches were getting more and more frequent. “Go lay back down mom, I’ll make supper and clean up, ok. Maybe you should call the doctor and try to get some stronger pain pills or something.”
Diana got up from the table and felt her knees buckle underneath her, her vision going black.
Selah saw her mom stumble as soon as she rose and grabbed her arm to stop her from falling. “I must have got up too fast, Diana whispered. My vision went all fuzzy and I was so dizzy.” Selah helped her to her room and put her in bed, she had never saw her mom so weak before. She closed the blind remembering how bright lights hurt her head more. She must be getting a migraine; the worried look on Selah’s face was magnified by the creases on her forehead. She hoped her mom would be alright.
That evening Selah decided against visiting her secret place, afraid of running into any more rabid dogs…she instead picked up a book she had meaning to finish for months after having read for a few hours, her eyes getting heavier with each page, she turned off her light and feel in a sound sleep.


Chapter 2/Suddenly

Friday morning Selah got ready for school, she got downstairs and saw her mom was up. She was slumped over the island in the kitchen staring blankly into her coffee cup. Noticing her color was a bit off, really pale with almost a greyish undertone, Selah assumed it was because she hadn’t slept much and was on the verge of another migraine. 
 At school Selah immediately gravitated to the note on the bulletin board, badminton tryouts were on Monday after school. She searched her binder for a pen, and signed her name to the list. She was glad it was finally beginning, and wasn’t too concerned about not making the team; it had been her forte since junior high and she had always made it, no sweat. Her goal this year was to make regionals; she had one stiff competitor that came from Highland High. She always seemed to play against Selah’s weaknesses. Only time would tell this time around. She could only hope and try her best.
After school she drove the car to work, she was relieved for the distraction. She was quite excited about badminton. Her shift was only 4 hours; it was busy upon starting which made the night go faster. She had the counter tonight, with all regulars that were here every night. Tiffany Russell was in the senior class; they usually both worked the same nights, she had agreed at the start of their shift that she would wait on the tables. Most nights the counter was busier, unless they were having some entertainment. Once a month they had poetry readings, and open mic night. Selah wished she was even remotely talented in the some kind of arts. No such luck, she had yet to find her special talent. She highly doubted that traveling in your sleep was considered a talent, more of a handicap to be put away for; she thought to herself and chuckled.
Tiffany‘s boyfriend Chuck strolled in, Selah watched Tiff’s face light up when she saw him. Tiffany ran up to Selah and asked her to cover for her while she took a short break. Selah agreed everyone had been waited on, she thought.
 As Tiffany took off her apron, she turned back to Selah “I forgot there’s a really cute guy at table seven in the back; he hadn’t been ready to order yet”. 
Selah thanked her and reached for her pen, note pad and headed for the back table. On the way there she noticed a few kids from school she hadn’t realized were a couple, holding hands across the table. She couldn’t remember their names, but couldn’t resist having a silly grin on her face thinking of the first time that would happen for her.
 She must have still had the expression on her face when she reached the table, as she heard a strong masculine voice say to her “You must be having a really good night with a smile like that.”
Selah felt her cheeks as they began to burn, red hot. She knew she couldn’t just leave in embarrassment, so she turned toward the back of the booth. She saw steel grey eyes and super long eyelashes full of amusement staring back at her. Her tongue dried up and stuck to the roof of her mouth in a mere second, she was totally speechless. It was him, the guy from that day… 3 years ago. It had to be, his hair was different though shorter more becoming to him. Selah knew she should ask him what he wanted but couldn’t speak a single word. 
Daniel smiled at her, so happy this moment had come at last. “I’ll have a large coffee with 2 cream and 2 sugars, Selah, if you don’t mind.”
“How do you know my name?” Selah whispered mesmerized by his eyes.
“It’s written on your apron,” he smiled again at her, clearly enjoying himself “and my name is Daniel.” He reached out his hand to shake hers.
 Selah panicked and said “Thanks,” and mumbled quickly “I’ll be right back with your order.” She again felt the color rising to her cheeks; he must think I’m brain dead or something she thought. And almost ran to get his order ready. All the while her heart raced in her chest, her fingers fumbled with his coffee. As she realized his name began with the letter d… could it possibly be him…that Maria was talking about… he was drop dead gorgeous… he could never be interested in her.
She was average he would want a popular girl like Brittany, better yet he was older he probably had a girlfriend that went to college or something.  
Selah noticed she hadn’t even paid attention to what she was doing and had no idea how many sugars she had put in his coffee. She dumped it out and started over, her hands shook with the anticipation of having to go back to his table. She willed herself to focus on the task at hand. She could do this, she could be calm. She would be calm; she took two deep breaths, and released them slowly. She was fine now, holding the now very well stirred coffee in her hand with a firm grip, she took another deep breath and headed for Daniel’s table. 
As soon as she reached his table she gushed out an apology “I’m so sorry, Daniel is it? I’m not quite myself tonight” and smiled her biggest smile, teeth and all. Thinking it’s not everyday the guy of your dreams materializes right before your eyes.
Daniel smiled back, “That’s fine he said, thanks for the coffee, I just realized I’m kinda hungry, could I possibly get a blueberry muffin too.” He saw how his presence was affecting her and was extremely pleased. If he could of fast forwarded things to be able to actually touch her he would of. She had been too shy to shake his hand. He would find another way he knew. He now wished he had sat on the opposite side of the booth to be able to watch her work.
Daniel reached for his coffee, the cup was extremely hot, instantly he dropped it as his fingers were burning…it went all over his shirt and seat. He jumped up quickly, trying to pry his sopping wet shirt off his skin. 
Selah noticed she had forgotten to put a cardboard holder around his cup so he could handle it without burning his fingers. His shirt was clinging to his chest outlining his muscles. She instantly took her dishtowel she always kept over her shoulder and began to wipe him off, apologizing for not putting the holder, the whole time she wiped.
 He was easily 6 feet tall she noticed, and his chest was rock hard. He lifted up his tight t-shirt and she saw he had a six pack of abs. They were bright red and looked to be blistering; he probably had third degree burns thanks to her. He grabbed her hand from his chest, and lifted it up. She turned her face towards his, staring deep into his eyes as he stared into hers. Daniel’s chest was on fire, but he knew it was all worth it, as he stared deep into her eyes, he was touching her.  The tingling sensation he felt running up his hand all the way to his heart made him forget everything else, he didn’t want this moment to end.
Selah thought he could hear her heart beating inside her chest, it was that loud in her ears… when her hand met his she felt a small current of electricity run throughout her 
whole body, as she breathed him into her very soul. Time seemed to stop in those few seconds as they gazed into each other’s eyes.
Daniel decided he would be the one to break the moment, he moved out of his seat to the other side of the booth, all the while never letting go of her hand.
Surprised that his hand still held on to hers, she let go and proceeded to wipe the seat he had sat on. Could he have felt a fraction of what she did, was that even possible?
Her heart continued to hammer in her chest as she looked at him again and said, her voice cracking with emotion “I’ll go get your muffin …and coffee.” Daniel watched her go looking at her pony tail swinging gently as she swayed her hip seductively.  She was just as he imagined she would be… better actually she was real… and he had just touched her. She had filled out very nicely since the time he had seen her in the void, he still wondered what had happened that day. He hoped she would eventually tell him.
Selah reached the counter and lifted her eyes to look at table seven and realized he was watching her. He didn’t turn away, but boldly held her gaze. She concentrated on getting the order ready, and tried to ignore the feel of his eyes on her. A few customers had left the counter, so she busied herself cleaning up after them, as the play by play of the previous 5 minutes bombarded her brain. 
Selah finished his coffee this time remembering the cardboard holder, as she made her way again to his table. She noticed his shirt wasn’t clinging to his chest anymore, and thought what a shame, and let go of a small sigh.
She gently and carefully put his coffee in front of him along with the muffin.
“It’s on the house, it’s the least I could do for all the trouble I caused you, how’s your chest?” she asked smiling apprehensively.
“It was my mistake,” Daniel protested. “It slipped from my hand”
“I forgot the cardboard holder,” Selah argued at the same time. They both laughed together at their awkwardness. “It was really nice meeting you Daniel, sorry about the mess whoever’s fault it was… maybe I’ll see you around.” she said smiling again.
“I really hope so,” said Daniel meaning every word smiling back at her.
The bell on the back door rang; Selah knew Tiffany was done her break. Selah rushed towards her stripping off her apron as she went. When she reached Tiffany she quickly told her she was going on break and stumbled in the bathroom out back. She ran the cold water and splashed it on her face, as she lifted her head up and stared at herself in the mirror. She wondered if she had totally flaked out and just imagined what had just happened so she pinched herself. It hurt, she wasn’t dreaming she was awake, it was real, and he was real. She closed her eyes and leaned against the door and slowly let her legs give out from under her as she slid down until she sat on the hard, cold floor.
She remembered the feel of his hand in hers, the tingling running through her body…was this love at first sight…Was it like this for everyone…he was so beautiful, her breath caught in her throat as she imagined him. Had he said he wanted to see her again? Yes he had… she remembered those were his last words.
Her break was over in no time, Selah gathered up her courage to see him again. When she got to booth seven she saw it was empty, Tiffany was wiping the table. She searched frantically hoping to see him; he was walking out the door, and he looked really good from all sides, he had wide shoulders and narrow hips and a great butt to boot. Selah felt her cheeks heating up again from just looking at him in that way.
Tiffany walked up to her and said “I don’t know what you said to the hotty at table seven, but he left a twenty, and told me to make sure you got it! He called you by name… do you know him? He was freaking sizzling!” she lifted her eyebrows in disbelief.
Selah grabbed the twenty and smiled dreamily at Tiffany “I do now, Daniel, his name is Daniel” loving the way it sounded on her lips. The rest of the night flew by, Selah was on cloud nine.
The following morning Selah awoke with thoughts of Daniel. She couldn’t seem to wipe off the smile from her face; it was actually starting to hurt her jaw, but every time she tried to relax her mouth she pictured his face and realized she was smiling again. Could anyone be so happy? And she had just met him… if she ever managed to go out with him she would probably die of a heart attack before they actually went out. Daniel, she loved his name and continued to say it in her head…
When she got downstairs her dad wasn’t even gone to work yet, which was extremely unusual… and her mom was nowhere to be found. Peter Jones never seemed to let anything ruffle his feathers so to speak, so Selah instantly became worried when she saw him. His hair wasn’t combed and it looked as if he had run his hands through it all night. He looked as if he hadn’t slept all night either.
Selah immediately asked “What going on dad? Don’t you have to go in to work today…?” It was Saturday she knew but he always went in on Saturday. Upon closer inspection his clothes looked slept in… no it was just the same clothes he had yesterday.
Panic started to creep in as she waited for her dad to answer her… She had been so engrossed in her own thoughts last night…thinking back her dad’s car hadn’t been home when she was done work. Jake was at Jared house for a sleep over too. 
“Selah, maybe you should sit down…” he signed and ran his hands through his hair. While Selah pulled out a chair and sat down beside him “Your mom is really sick… They admitted her to the hospital last night. I didn’t want to worry you and Jacob, until I knew more of what was going on…The doctors think she had a stroke.’
Selah thought of how she had looked yesterday morning, and how she had just dismissed it. She couldn’t believe it…a stroke her mom was in her forties, young people didn’t have strokes “Can I go see her?” she asked trying to hold back a sob. “Is she going to be alright?”
“Only time will tell…” Peter looked at his oldest child and wondered if things didn’t get better…Selah would be devastated they were so close…the two of them. She was really mature for her age but she would have to grow up all the faster…if…He knew this because his dad had died at a young age, forcing him to bear responsibilities he wasn’t prepared to carry. He really didn’t want that for Selah.
Peter rose and took Selah in his arms and whispered in her ear “It’s going to be alright…I’m always here for you, no matter what.
Selah felt the tears pouring down her face, forgetting everything but her mom…And hoping with all her being that this was going to work out that everything would be normal again.
She gathered her strength and pulled away from her dad, and asked him “Does Jacob knew yet?”
“No, I was hoping you could help me tell him, I’m not very good at this…”he said softly.
In that moment Selah saw her father for the first time in her life as the vulnerable man he was, his whole world was crumbling. Her parents relationship was very strong, Selah couldn’t remember ever hearing them fight. They didn’t always agree on everything put they never screamed like some parents did. He always said he had married his best friend, and therefore was one of the luckiest men in the world. His best friend was extremely sick now…Selah reached deep down inside for the strength she knew she would need now.
“How about I text him that we will pick him up…I’ll explain everything to him on the way to the hospital.” Selah felt her brain laying out everything she had to do step by step as if she had made an agenda. She would be strong for everyone… she was made of steel… she would not break.
Peter watched Selah and felt her strength go through him, he would be alright they all would…he hoped…
Selah texted Jacob that they had to pick him up sooner than expected, and would be there in fifteen minutes. Selah grabbed her coat going through the motions robot like she questioned her father “What are the symptoms of her stroke? Is she paralyzed?” she shot question after question out. Needing to be completely informed, needing purpose…If she had something to focus on she wouldn’t flake. 
They picked up Jacob, no sooner had he entered the car Selah informed him gently “Jake you know how mom’s had lots of headaches lately?”
Jacob brow lifted on his forehead as he braced himself for what was to come next. He thought something wasn’t right his dad was in the car and they had never picked him up early before…”Yeah, is she alright?” He met his dad’s eyes in the rear view mirror and knew…
They reached the hospital 15 minutes later; no-one had said much else after Selah had explained everything in the car. The walk to Diana’s room was extremely quiet. The tension was so thick thought you could of cut it with a knife…When they got to her room she looked like a frail bird, Selah had never realized how tiny she was, and looked especially small in the large hospital bed. She was sleeping Selah’s dad motioned for them to sit, “I’m going to go talk to a nurse, ok, if she wakes up Jacob come find me.”  He had regained his composure from when he had told her this morning Jacob hadn’t seen his weakness as Selah had.
She didn’t have tube or machines connected to her, so Selah was hopeful that things weren’t so bad. Jacob coughed, trying very hard not to make too much noise.
Diana opened her eyes upon hearing the noise, she saw Selah first and then Jacob she felt herself well up at the fear she saw in Jacob’s eyes. She forced a smile forgetting that one side of her face wasn’t working…so she was all lopsided.
Selah drew her breath and held it when her mom smiled, only one side of her mouth lifted, did she know? Her dad had said that they had given her medication as soon as they reached the hospital; if her motor functions on her right side were to recover it would be in the first 24 hours. The only problem was that he didn’t know when she had actually stroked. He had found her that way when he returned home from work last night, then brought her in right away.
Diana only wanted to reassure her children and tried to talk to them but no legible words came out, only guttural grunts and groans… tears rolled down her face as she realized she was scaring them more, than helping them.
Selah gestured to Jacob to go find their dad. As soon as he left the room, Selah took charge, she rose and sat on the bed next to her mom, and she grabbed her left hand and began doing for her mother what she was incapable of doing for herself. “Don’t worry mom, things are going to be just fine, I’ll take care of Dad and Jacob all you have to worry about is getting well, ok…just get the rest you need and don’t worry about anything. Now that you’re in the hospital they can give you some good medication to help your headaches and everything will be fine…squeeze my hand if you understand. I love you mom, I’m right here for you…”
Diana squeeze with all her strength as she looked at the young woman before her…when had she grown up so fast...she remembered the little girl that had tried her hardest to make cookies and ended up with flour from one end of the kitchen to the next…she couldn’t even tell her how proud she was…she hoped she would be able to again…
The boys entered the room then, her dad sat in the chair as Jacob took his place on the other side of the bed, he released a large sob as he threw his arms around his mother “I love you mom, sorry I’m such a smart ass all the time…I promise I’ll be better. Just be alright, ok?’
Diana lifted her good arm and hugged her baby; he was so young he was only 13. He shouldn’t have to go through anything like this she thought…she turned and looked at Peter letting all her fears show, how would he do it if things didn’t get better… he had never handled emotions well he was only open with her…that had always been her job she held them all together, she was the glue.
She turned to Selah, and knew she would rise to the challenge she’d try her best to keep them together… with or without her there. The determination Selah had on her face, trying not to cry, showed Diana how truly strong she was… so much stronger than the boys…they would all be tested. She only hoped Selah would find someone to lean on …or her strength wouldn’t last long. She knew her daughter and how much she kept inside, all the late nights talking…she wasn’t like other girls, and she didn’t have lots of girlfriends. Preferring to keep to herself, Diana had been her sounding board then, how would she help them all now she couldn’t even speak a word…She was useless to everyone now
Selah did her best to reassure Jacob and pretended everything was fine. They were on their way home from the hospital…Their dad had said he would stay with their mom overnight. He had arranged some time off at work, Diana hadn’t recovered her right side… she also had lost all her ability to communicate. The doctors had said sometimes it came back with time… They first had to send her to the city so she could have the proper test to see how bad the stroke had been.
Selah tried to tell jokes to Jacob to lighten the mood, he just stared straight ahead..
“Is mom gonna be alright Sel, honestly don’t lie.” He turned towards her his eyes filling with unshed tears.
Selah knew better than to tell him something to just make him feel better. She didn’t have a good feeling about the situation… “I don’t know Jake, I hope so, but seriously, to me it doesn’t look too promising that she’ll be back to normal anytime soon. I guess this is a good time to start praying.”
Jake shook his head as the tears fell, “I don’t think I want to go to hockey tomorrow, I just feel like going to my room…”
“You don’t have to do anything buddy, just try and pull yourself together as best as you can, ok” Selah grabbed his hand and squeezed.
“Do you think it’s alright if I invite Tracy over for a while…maybe I can be stronger if she’s here.”
Selah agreed, for a split second she felt envious of her brother’s relationship. She shrugged it off and thought about the night before, meeting Daniel. Her life had been tipped upside down in such a short time; she couldn’t waste it wishing the impossible. She had so many things to do.
Jacob began texting Tracy, Selah noticed he was cheering up a bit, thank god he had her…”She gonna meet us at the house.” He said.
“Tell her we will be a little bit, how about we stop and get some Subway, dad gave me some money, I haven’t eaten much all day, you?” she asked.
“Ok, I tell her we’ll be there in fifteen.”
Twenty minutes later they pulled into the driveway, Tracy was sitting on the steps of the veranda; she had ridden her bike over. She immediately gave Jacob a big hug, he must have told her through text what had happened…she gently took his hand and they went into the house.
Selah followed slowly she could call Thomas, maybe she shouldn’t be alone either… No she would get some chores done, there always was laundry, and the dishes had to be taken out of the dishwasher.
She busied herself right away doing the laundry, she hadn’t eaten the sub she had bought at subway she just couldn’t bring herself to eat anything…she decided to make coffee.
She automatically thought of Daniel and all the coffees she had made for him the night before, 3 cups and he had only ended up with one…she smiled lightly then heard Jacob laughing from the living room She felt guilty all of a sudden. Her mom was lying in a hospital bed not knowing if she would ever recover completely, but life would continue anyway…some things just weren’t fair. She had taken so much for granted.
She sipped her coffee and tidied up the rest of the house. Gunner followed her every move, she realized he must have been starving…she put food in his bowl. When he was done eating she sat on the floor with him, rubbing his huge soft ears. He looked up at her as if he knew something wasn`t right…he must have been feeding off her energy. She told him what had happened her head had begun to pound; she forced herself to take a few bites from her sandwich.  She would be no help if she got sick too.
She thought of her mom, wondering why she hadn`t cried since she had seen her at the hospital, she wanted to but nothing was coming out…she was numb.
The phone rang and startled Selah from her stupor, it was her mom`s sister, Eve, her dad had called her from the hospital. “Are you guy’s ok? I can be there tonight…just say the words Selah it’s no trouble really.” she was planning on driving down in the morning but if Selah and Jacob needed her now she would leave right away.
Selah told her “Tomorrow is fine, Aunt Eve, we’re ok…Jacob has a friend over and I was just cleaning up, don’t worry about us.” They spoke a bit about her mom then Selah hung up. Her aunt was her mom’s younger sister and lived at the other end of the province. She was married with two small children, Parker was 4 and a handful, and Jewel was only two, she was a sweetie.  Selah hoped she left them home…she hadn’t seen them in months but didn’t need the hassle..
Selah remembered she was supposed to work in the morning, she should call and cancel her shift… Jacob and Tracy were cuddling on the sofa watching America’s funniest home videos; she decided she would go in instead, not wanting to be in the house with them at that moment. “I have to go out for a bit Jacob I shouldn’t be long, ok” she hollered into the living room.
Jacob hollered back “No prob, take your time.”
Selah checked her watch it was only seven, still early, and it was only a thirty minute walk to work. The figured the fresh air would do her some good; she went to the car and got her iPod and headphones. Since the incident 3 years ago she never listened to music too loud anymore and only in one ear bud. She began feeling better immediately with the fresh air clearing her thoughts.
In no time she was at the coffee shop, she had a baseball cap low on her forehead as she walked in hoping no-one saw her. Dave Stuart her boss, always stayed late in his office at the back of the shop, and Saturday he had the week’s end to figure. She lowered her head looking at the tiles on the floor as she walked in, it was busy tonight. Maybe she should have called; it was kinda late now she was here already.
When she reached the back office Dave was consumed in his paper’s and figures. He was a really easy going boss; she knew he would understand her situation. She knocked softly on the open door, “Hi, Dave can I talk to you about something.”
He looked up surprised by the interruption and gave Selah an easy grin, “Sure, what seems to be troubling you, Selah, did you have some bad customers last night?”
Selah’s thoughts instantly conjured up a mental picture of Daniel, she then said softly “No the customers were fine, I’m having a personal problem at home I mean… my 
mom… my mom is in the hospital… she had a stroke last night.” She waited for the tears to come out but her eyes remained dry, still.
Dave’s expression softened, Selah was a good worker and never complained about some of the worst customers… “I’m so sorry to hear that sweetie, I hope she’s alright.” he stood, wishing he could somehow comfort her but felt out of place, “Take all the time you need…I’ll fix up the schedule while you’re gone…the other girl’s will be glad to pick up a few more shifts. Just let me know if you need anything, ok”
Selah thanked him and told him she would. She hurried to the door, only wanting to breathe some fresh air outside. She was so rushed to leave, and never noticed that someone was already on their way out at the same time.
Daniel had come in hoping she worked again that night, he had hung awhile having a coffee, when he realized he wouldn’t see her, he got ready to leave. As he put his coat on he noticed a girl that resembled Selah walk in, she wore a baseball cap and never even looked up once, distracted.  She went straight to the back of the café, he was pretty sure it was her…he waited to be sure…when he saw her leave the office he knew it was her… he got up and headed for the door.
As Selah reached the door she saw it was open, someone was holding it for her…she mumbled “Thanks” continuously staring down. She heard her name, and looked up at Daniel holding the door.
“Are you alright?” Daniel asked concern in his voice.
“Daniel, oh hi, how are you?” she spilled out.
“I’m fine, you don’t look like you are…did something happened?” he questioned.
That was an understatement she thought…all of a sudden she felt the tears well up in her eyes, this was the not the time to cry…She had to tell him something. “I…”she hesitated and then she let it all go… “I had to ask for time off…my mom’s really sick. I walked here to get some fresh air …”she gasped “to clear my head thinking it would help a bit… I really didn’t want to stay in the house with Jacob and Tracy… I wanted to be alone…”as tears fell down her face… “Then I didn’t…  I’m worried she won’t get any better…” she let out a huge sob and lost her breath all at the same time. She had rambled to this complete stranger, and now she was crying, but she couldn’t stop herself.
Daniel pulled her out from the front of the door and gently held her in his arms while she continued to sob; he said nothing, knowing sometimes words didn’t help at all. He let her cry herself out, rubbing her back gently all the while…
Selah laid her head on Daniels chest, too short to reach his shoulder. All the emotions she had tried to release all day came pouring out like a waterfall…she was confused as to why everything had come out upon seeing him, she hadn’t been able to control it…she was so ashamed he was seeing her like this. After a few minutes her tears stopped flowing and she knew she was a mess. She searched her pockets, remembering she had filled them with Kleenex at the hospital, expecting to have a melt down there.
She blew her nose, her face was probably swollen, and red, she had quite the ugly cry; and usually only did that when she watched sad movies. She swallowed the bile in her throat and whispered “I’m so sorry…you must think I’m a mess… I have only met you twice and both times I’ve had to apologize…your coat is all soaked…I understand if you never want to run into me again…”
Daniel held her closer still and whispered back “Actual you couldn’t be more wrong… I have this thing you see for spontaneous, emotional, beautiful messed up women ...and you’re fitting the bill pretty nicely.” he joked. “If you promise to never change… if you like I’d love to walk you home.”
Selah felt so much better being in his arms, and had trouble believing he had said that and meant it. There was something about him, he felt so right. “Yeah, I would really like that,” she turned and looked up at him not caring that she looked a mess.
They left the café in silence; Selah was lost in thought and a bit scared, from all the emotions she had shown to this beautiful stranger.
Daniel knew her outburst had made her vulnerable…she had always been guarded with her feelings…he thought the best way to break the ice after the meltdown was to keep the conversation casual. “My chest is better… I put some salve on it, when I got home last night. I won’t have any scars, my mom’s a nurse she showed me how to treat burns.”
Selah grinned remembering and wondered why he wanted to spend time with her after everything she had put him through, “I’m glad, I wondered… from what I saw last night, it looked pretty bad…I’m sorry…for what just happened too… and thanks for being there for me…I really appreciate it. I thought I would cry all day after finding out my mom had a stroke but nothing came out…When I saw you I guess I was overdue…”
“Hey, you don’t have to apologize; I know how it is to worry about someone whose sick…my dad died of cancer when I was 12.”Daniel told her.
“Really, I’m sorry, I didn’t know…That must have been awful, did he suffer?” Selah asked, concern coating her voice.
Daniel remembered the long battle his dad had had with colorectal cancer “He was sick for a long time, he got better for a few years then it came back and spread like wildfire, he didn’t stand a chance after that, it’s ok I don’t mind talking about it now…it was a long time ago”
Selah said nothing for a few minutes, no knowing how to respond. She decided to change the subject. The topic of sickness was making her sad. 
“I don’t remember seeing you in school, did you graduate already?”  Figuring this was the perfect way to find out how old he was.
Daniel chuckled at how smooth she was trying to be, “I graduated in 2010, and I’ve been going to NSCC, I wanted to stay close to home…my mom’s all alone now and you see I used to be really into hockey, playing in the junior c league…I always thought I would go pro.” he smiled thinking back at all the memories, he had wanted to be the next Sidney Crosby.
“Wow, you must be really, really good then?” Selah was impressed, that explained the muscles. 
“Yeah, you could say that, I was arrogant though, cocksure, I thought nothing would get in my way. Not only do I like hockey, my other passion is speed, motorcycles actually. I had a bad crash when I was 16, but was lucky to be alive… I totally smashed my leg though, they had to put a few pins in it to put it back together,  I was scraped everywhere lost most of the skin on my arms and side…it could have been much worse…but that ended my dreams for hockey.” He turned and gave her a lopsided grin, his eyes twinkling with mischief.
“Let me guess, you can’t play hockey but you still ride motorcycles?” Selah could see she had hit the nail on the head.
“How did you guess?”  Daniel answered sweetly his eyes still lite up he was clearly in a playful mood now. “I can’t be good all the time; I still get to be involved in hockey though I’m assistant coach for the rep house league. Now enough about me…it’s time you tell me about you, Little miss Selah, for starters what your last name?”
She loved the way he said her name “Jones, Selah Jones, pleased to make you acquaintance,” she offered him her hand, as she curtsied teasing him back. 
Daniel immediately turned towards her took her hand brought it to his lips and kissed the top of it, Selah’s eyes widened with surprise, “Daniel Evans at your service mam, mighty pleased ta meet ya.”
Selah burst out laughing she had so not expected that. In a teasing tone she stated, “Where did you come from anyway, you’re definitely a piece of work!”
Daniel let go of her hand and clutched his chest dramatically, “You’ve wounded me my lady!” he was so glad to hear her laugh after what had happened outside the café. 
Selah laughed until tears came to her eyes, she looked at him and saw the silly expression on his face. She realized how much she liked him; he was amazing, he seemed to know exactly what to do to make her feel better. 
Daniel stopped acting silly when he saw her look at him, wondering what was going through her mind at that moment, he asked “Ok let’s get serious now, what can you tell me about the beautiful Selah Jones?”
Selah blinked a few times digesting the word beautiful, he must need glasses, she would come right out and ask “You think I’m… beautiful?”
Daniel stopped walking turned to face her, stopping Selah also, “I can’t believe you have to ask that, have you never looked in a mirror, Selah?”
 “Well there’re girls that are so much prettier…I always thought I was kinda average.” She softly responded suddenly feeling very shy.
“What I see is shining from the inside, and you put them all to shame…” he took his finger and lifted up her chin, to look into her eyes she felt him trembled slightly. 
Selah thought for a second that he would kiss her, when he released her chin and she realised how much she had wanted him to. He had said that she was beautiful on the inside…which probably mean he thought she was nice…he had turned and was facing the road again. She sneaked a peek at him again he seemed lost in his own thoughts, he was beautiful for sure, no questions about that…he would want someone just as good looking as he was…he probably had a girlfriend she turned back quickly, hoping he hadn’t  noticed her staring. They had reached the dreaded pathway but Selah made no move to follow it, it would shorten the walk home by at least 5 minutes, and she wanted this to last forever. She realised she hadn`t told him anything about herself yet, and decided to fill in the blanks.
“I`m a junior, but I started school when I was only four years old, I have always been the youngest in my class my birthday is in September,” she stated.
The second of September, Daniel thought, glad she was finally sharing with him, he wished he could reach out and holds hands, but it was too soon, he didn’t want to rush her. It had taken all his willpower to not kiss her the minute before; she had opened her lips lightly, waiting for him to make a move. He just couldn’t mess this up; he only had one chance to make her believe. “So you’re and end of summer baby,” he said. “I’m a 
winter one, February, I’ll be turning 19.” He turned to look at her wondering if the age difference would bother her…
Selah shivered cold all of a sudden, wishing she had pockets to put her hands in to keep them from the cold, Daniel noticed and pulled the gloves he kept for the arena out of his coat and gave them to her, “They’re a bit big but they should do the trick,” he told her.
She gratefully put them on, they were already warm from being near his body, her fingers floated in them, he had big hands. “Thanks, I forgot mine, when I left I wasn’t thinking about how cold it was,” her thoughts went back to her mom all of a sudden and the guilt for not having been thinking of her, plagued her.
Daniel saw her get melancholy again, “You know if you need someone to talk to about your mom, I’m here for you.”
“Really?” Selah was surprised he was offering, thinking he would be glad to be rid of her, “You really don’t have to you know” letting him off the hook.
Daniel looked at her earnestly, “Do you have a cell phone?”
Selah looked at him confused for a second, then proceeded to dig into her jeans pocket for her cell phone, she looked at him again still confused, “Why are you wondering if I have a phone?” she asked him.
“Here let me see it,” he pushed a few button and a few seconds later passed it back to her. “I put my number in there for you. What’s your number? I’ll put it in my phone,” he said while digging for his phone. He finally found it and turned to look at her.
Selah didn’t know whether to shout or scream in disbelief, this gorgeous guy wanted her number and he had just given her his…she continued to stare at him dumbfounded…
“Selah did you hear me, I want to put your number in my phone? Daniel asked again patiently.
“Oh yeah, right!” she gushed out flustered, and gave him her number making sure she pronounced each one carefully.
“I hope you don’t mind if I text you, I won’t if you don’t want me to…” Daniel hoped she would agree.
“Oh no that’s fine, no problem really.” All the while amazed that she had her first guy number that…maybe if she wished hard enough…could be more than a friend, at least that’s what she wanted.
Selah heard the familiar buzzing of her cell on vibrate, she opened it to see a smiley face looking back at her, preceded by Daniel’s number. She smiled up at him. She turned and noticed they were at her drive way already, sadly she whispered “This is my house” looking up at the driveway, she saw that Tracy’s bicycle was still leaning against the porch. The lights were flickering from the television; they must still be watching TV.
Daniel turned to her grabbed her hands in his and said, “I really mean it, Selah, I want to be here for you, don’t hesitate to call me anytime, day or night, ok you promise”
Selah, looked up at him not pulling away, deep in his eyes she saw he was being sincere, he wasn’t pulling her leg “I promise Daniel, though you might live to regret saying this,”
“Never, that I can promise you,” Daniel squeezed her hands gently.
Selah removed the gloves he had let her borrow, “You might need these for the walk home,” feeling how cold his hand as she passed them to him. “Your hands are like ice! You should have kept the gloves.”
“You needed them more…as long as you’re taken care of…don’t worry about me, ok.” Daniel shoved the gloves in his pocket and turned to head back toward the café.
Selah walked up the driveway wanting to turn and look at him, thinking she had just had the worst and best day of her life mixed up in one.


Chapter 3/The power of dreams

That night Selah went to bed, thinking she would again try to discover what she could in that other place, world, whatever… She was overtired she knew, her aunt was coming in the morning, thank goodness her mom was stable. Her dad had called a little while before Selah went to bed.
Tracy’s parent had come to pick her up around 9; she had left her bike, saying she would pick it up tomorrow. Her thoughts drifted to Daniel and the sincerity he had shown her. She picked up her phone looking through her contacts and saw he had taken a picture of himself and put it next to his number. She stared at the smiling face looking back at her, and couldn’t help but grin. She sent him a message, “Thanks again Daniel, my mom’s doing ok, gonna try and sleep, sweet dreams.”
Selah put her phone on the night stand thinking he wouldn’t answer too quickly, as she reached to shut off her light she heard the phone vibrate gently. He had answered “That’s good I’m glad, try not to worry too much and get some sleep, maybe I’ll see you there in my dreams, good night my beautiful Selah.”
Instantly Selah felt better he was like medicine for her, a drug. She turned off her bedside lamp and turned onto her left side, she always put a pillow in between her legs. She had finally gotten comfortable thinking of Daniel, he had said she was his, she could handle that, being his and only his…she drifted …and felt her spirit and  body actually disconnect…she was in a field of  purple flowers, the smell of lavender reminded her of the bath salts her mom used. Selah looked at what she looked like, she glowed brightly and was wearing, a long flowing gown, it was made of a shear fabric and she was completely naked underneath, she had had Daniel in her thoughts. Maybe she wanted him to see her in that, then he’d think I was beautiful on the outside too she thought, she raised her eyebrows grinning wickedly.
With Daniel still in her thoughts she wondered if she could somehow find him, deciding to go to where she had found the millions of lights she had went to the previous time she was here… Selah let herself go and flew straight up in the air, this place was awesome…it had gravity when you needed it but if you didn’t, well she was flying, she felt free. She reached the outside again and saw all the million lights, like stars shining in the night’s sky. She felt drawn to one and went towards it, she found herself inside the dining room of her house… her mom was at the rocking chair cross-stitching again, and she was brighter in color this time, last time she was washed out greyish.
Selah walked over to her and began saying here name, Diana rocked and hummed  softly, Selah kept repeating her name…All of a sudden Diana turned and looked straight at her and said “Selah honey, is that you?” and then  she disappeared.
Selah was confused, but realized her mom was probably in a dream, and hadn’t really seen her. She went back again to the outside realizing how comfortable she had become there,  she began to look at all the different lights and  suddenly she felt like she was pulled into the wake of an extremely bright light, it was so bright her eyes began to burn, she lost control of her momentum and plummeted to its center.
She opened her eyes and saw Daniel with skates on showing a young boy how to skate, she was surprised at how bright his colors were, it was as if he were alive, the little boys colors also. The boy tripped, and Daniel stopped and helped him up.
As soon as Selah arrived Daniel felt her, she was getting stronger he was surprised she had found him so soon, she had only been sleeping a short while. He wondered if she was aware of her dream, or if she had unconsciously found him. He cautiously turned as he got closer to her; he had to see if see was aware.
Selah watched as he turned and began skating towards her, as he got closer he lifted his head and looked straight at her, he couldn’t be seeing me she thought…isn’t this just his dream…
Daniel  looked away as fast as he could realizing she was completely awake her aura was here strong, too strong for her knowledge of the place, she could be in grave danger and she had seen him look at her…already he thought she truly wasn’t ready for this. He pulled her to him…
Selah found herself in the café and Daniel was in front of her with a strange look saying “Aren’t you gonna pour me a cup…”she had the pot of coffee in her hand and he was holding a cup…she looked at him confused and began pouring the coffee as she heard him say, “You should really be careful with what you’re doing…you could get hurt.”
Pouring coffee would hurt me? She wondered what that meant as she looked and saw she was in her English class, as her teacher Mrs. Bradshaw looked at her and said “You really shouldn’t play with things you know nothing about;  Selah you have to learn how to listen, there are rules you know.”
Daniel hoped she was grasping the messages he was trying to put across to her, she truly didn’t know anything about the void yet, but here she was flying by the seat of her pants, unafraid, she really hadn’t changed at all, she was so reckless…she proved it as he watched her clothes changing rapidly right before his eyes, she even had had a sheer number that had taken his breath away…yes she had grown up nicely he thought…he was glad she thought it was only her teacher before her, Mrs. Bradshaw.
Selah tried to focus her thoughts as she realized she had no control here, where was Daniel?  She wondered, and why was Mrs. Bradshaw so bright…maybe she didn’t understand how this place worked, she was confused. She closed her eyes and pictured Daniel with every fiber of her being…
Daniel lost his grip on his strength and found himself standing in front of Selah. She had willed  him to her…man was she ever strong, even though she had no idea what she was doing…
Selah smiled angelically and said “I know you won’t remember this but I found you, here in your dreams.” She then reached up and pulled his face to her’s and softly kissed his lips.
Daniel was surprised and excited by her frankness, as he let his lips linger unto hers, tasting her…she thought this wasn’t real…he couldn’t stop himself now…he lifted his hands and pulled her even closer to him, as his lips parted hers and he brushed his tongue lightly against her lips, tasting her perfectly straight teeth, savouring every second. 
Selah felt her body burn with longing, this was the best dream…he wanted her here… she would stay here forever.
Daniel lifted his head from hers looking deeply in her eyes, he lifted his hand, as his fingers gently closed her eyes and said “Sleep my angel” Selah felt her body return to her bed, as she clutched her pillow tightly as she moaned one word “Daniel.”
The next morning Selah woke with a smile on her face thinking of Daniel and the kiss she had dreamt of, if the real thing was only even a fraction as good as that, she would be in putty in his hands. As reality crashed down on her, she grabbed her phone and texted her dad “How’s mom did she have a good night?” again feeling guilty for having a second of joy as she thought of Daniel. Her dad reassured her that her mom was ok, she had slept most of the night…Selah told him she would come to the hospital for a visit as soon as she had dressed and had breakfast. Her dad agreed saying he would love to come home, shower and make a few calls.
Selah jumped in the shower quickly washing up and getting dressed, she went downstairs she realized in all the commotion Gunner had been sorely neglected. She let him in, his tail wagged frantically as he came over to her wanting to be rubbed behind the ears. She sat on the floor and gave him a big hug, he was so soft and cuddly, he licked her face and gave her his left paw, he wanted some toast…she popped a few in the toaster and put loads of jam…she ripped a few small pieces off, giving it to him for a treat…all the while telling him about her mom…and of course Daniel…he looked at her lovingly as if he understood everything she was saying…she made some toast for herself along with a bowl of cereal…Gunner so happy to finally have some attention patiently listened to all her tales…
Selah went out and made sure he had food and water for the day…she cleaned up her dishes...checked on Jacob, still sleeping…it was the weekend still… then reached for her coat remembering her gloves this time…again she thought of Daniel. She would text him after she saw her mom at the hospital she decided.
As she drove to the hospital, she remembered her Aunt Eve’s phone call the night before…she would be arriving this afternoon sometimes…her dad had mentioned having to go to the city so her mom could have some test done, Aunt Eve would probably stay with them while they were gone.
When she got in her mom`s room, she noticed she was awake and her head was propped up with pillows, she gave Selah her half smile, and lifted up her good hand waving. Her dad was sitting on a cot the nurses had given him the night before to sleep on. He smiled at her, glad she had arrived, Selah sat on the bed as she had done yesterday clutching her mom`s hand again, she began talking to her as if everything was the same and she had never had a stroke…
Her dad got up and told her mom he was going to go wash up and would be back soon, he reached down and kissed her, squeezing her tightly. As soon as her dad left Selah began telling her mom about Daniel…she explained the café where she had first met him…and how he had walked her home last night…
Diana saw how Selah`s eyes lit up every time she mentioned Daniel`s name, she was surprised at how fast she had fallen for this boy…Selah was usually pretty level headed when it came to boys…this one was obviously different…
Selah pulled out her phone showing her mom his picture…Diana smiled and gave her the thumbs up sign with her good hand…if only she could speak, so they could talk girl talk about this handsome fella…they had never talked that way…Selah had never shown any interest in anyone before…she prayed they would be able to eventually.
The time passed very quickly and before they knew it Selah’s dad was back with Jacob right behind him, Selah gave them some time together and went to the cafeteria for a coffee, she decided to text Daniel “Hey, did you sleep good? Just saw my mom and she’s doing much better,” she wrote.
She got back to her mom’s room, they began talking about what would be happening the next few days…her mom and dad would be going by ambulance to the Victoria General hospital in Halifax so her mom could have a MRI and a CAT scan on her head to see how much damage the stroke had cause, and also to see if they could see the reason for the stroke in the first place. Her dad had made arrangements to take the next week off of work. As Selah had figured her mom’s sister would stay with them.
Selah told her dad she had asked for some time off of work as she didn’t think she could concentrate on that…Jacob and Selah agreed they would go to school in the morning.
Selah felt her phone vibrating she immediately checked it, thinking it was Daniel…Thomas had left her a message instead… “Sorry about your mom, I just heard are you alright?”
She texted Thomas back “She doing alright so far, me too I guess, I’m at the hospital now.”
“Call me later if you need to talk, ok” he messaged back.
Selah answered that she would, she visited a while longer with her mom and then headed home with Jacob in tow.
When she got home, she made some lunch for both of them; she let Gunner in…if she tried hard it felt like a normal Sunday…her mom was just out…
Selah settled in to do her homework for the next day, she had just begun studying for a chemistry quiz on the periodic tables when she saw her phone vibrate on the table…she hesitated trying not to hope it was Daniel…
“Sorry I took so long to get back to you I was on the ice with the team. I’m glad your mom’s better. And yes I slept really well, you any good dreams?” she smiled as she read his message.
Not wanting to sound too needy she waited a bit before she answered him…pretending she was busy…Selah drummed her fingers on the table wishing the time to pass...unable to wait a second longer she wrote, “That’s ok, and yes I slept good too.” She could still feel the kiss from last night’s dream; she put her fingers to her lips tracing the path his tongue had left.
Daniel texted her back instantly “Do you want to get together today?”
Selah felt her pulse quicken as she thought of seeing him again, “Yeah, sure what do you have in mind?” she asked.
“I have to drive the Zamboni this afternoon in between a few games and its really boring waiting in between the periods, want me to come get ya?” Daniel asked her.
“Yeah, that sounds… interesting, when are you coming?” she answered him.
“Is fifteen minutes too soon?” hoping she would say yes, and she did..
Daniel left the arena remembering what had happened last night and how bold she had been…thinking she was dreaming…her kiss had left his blood hot…
He pulled his car into her driveway a few minutes later…honking the horn, she came out a minute later wearing a fuzzy hat, gloves and a scarf, as she got in the car he couldn’t help but laugh “Are we going to the artic?” he teased she was definitely more modest than the night before…the sheer outfit…he felt his face warming remembering…
Selah looked at him incredulously, “I’m not freezing my butt off today, the arena is usually cold.”
Still laughing he pulled her hat back and looked at her, “Just making sure I’m picking up the right girl, you look like some small fuzzy animal…but an ooh so cute one”
Selah punched his armed lightly acting offended…then laughed and asked him “Is it really that bad?”
“You’re adorable, like a furry kitten I used to have… I see you have claws too, just like the other kitten.” He feigned being in pain, rubbing his shoulder.
“Good, you deserved that,” she teased him back enjoying their repertoire… he was so easy to talk to.
When they got to the arena, he got the Zamboni ready as a game was just ending, he helped her get on, Selah felt incredibly special being there with him. He had scooted over giving her just enough room to scrunch in next to him, as they made their way around the ice he told her how he covered for the regular Zamboni driver on Sunday’s so he could have a little break. 
Selah noticed some girls sitting on the bleachers, they were pointing at her and talking frantically…that’s right girls I’m with him…not you, Selah thought gloating deep inside. It felt so right being with Daniel she turned and smiled her best smile at him.
Daniel smiled back at her, happy she had agreed to spend some time with him, he felt complete with her, whole again. They laughed and played around the rest of afternoon.
Selah, got home later feeling as light as air, as Daniel pulled out from her driveway promising to talk to her later, she noticed her aunt had arrived… her car was parked in the driveway.
As she opened the door to the house she heard Eve rambling on as Jacob sat at the table listening, as Selah got in the kitchen her aunt grabbed her hugging her close, tears in her eyes, as she began talking a mile a minute. Selah raised her eyebrows looking at Jacob as he rolled his eyes back in his head… Selah cut her eyes at him giving him a stern warning look, to be nice…
Selah understood why Jacob was annoyed as she listened to Eve talk to them both as if they were under the age of 4, she had been spending way too much time with toddlers obviously. She cornered Jacob, he announced he was going to his room to do homework; clearly he was frustrated if he was offering to do his homework on a Sunday afternoon…Selah reassured him that she most likely wouldn’t be here long, and was just trying to be helpful…
Selah began putting things together to cook a roast for supper, surprising Eve immensely on her skills in the kitchen, she settled down after that as she sat at the kitchen 
table drinking her third or fourth cup of coffee. The caffeine was definitely making her antsy…
Selah finished putting the spices on the roast and grabbed her own coffee, sitting down next to her frazzled aunt… “You know we could of done alright all by ourselves… mom has always made sure we were independent and in two years I’ll be heading to university already.”
Eve looked at Selah actually seeing her for the first time as the women she was…she signed deeply and confessed to Selah, “Your mom was always the strong one in the family, I see your just like her…she’s lucky to have raised such a beautiful family…when I saw how she was in the hospital, I was just so worried… that I would have to try and hold everyone together…And I suck at that, I mean really suck…I sometimes forget Parker or Jewel’s Dr. appointment’s for god sake…I’m the opposite of organized.” She wrung her hand together in exasperation, clearly a mess. “I want to help you guys…be here for you all…but I’m scared I would be more of a nuisance than actual help…” her eyes filled with tears, “if Diana could talk she would tell you, it’s true.”
Selah grabbed her hand, shocked at her honesty, she had no words to say and she couldn’t find the strength to reassure her…she needed all her strength for herself. What was happening with her mom was beyond her control and the lump forming in her throat told her the worse was still to come…

Selah finished her homework and decided to touch base with Thomas, knowing he would be concerned, and after all he had been there for her the past few months. She called him, and told him to meet her at the park…
Thomas waited on the swings, glad that Selah had phoned him, he was really worried about her, he hoped she would let him in more…they joked around a lot but she never leaned on him when something came up…maybe this time…
Selah spotted Thomas and walked over to him, she sat on the swing next to him, “Well, I think I have officially had the most frigged up weekend ever…” she wondered how much she could confide in him…
Thomas said nothing, waiting for her…
Selah began telling him “I’m really worried about mom, she can’t speak, or move one side…” she then and there decided to confide in him “I’m scared that we might actually lose her Tom…my gut instincts say this isn’t the worse…”
Thomas had never had anyone he really loved die, he didn’t know what to say as he turned his swing to face her, “I’m sorry Sel, I hope she gets better and you’re wrong about you feeling…maybe it’s just cause you’re really worried that you feel that way.”
Selah thought about that, and wished it was that simple, she knew deep down it would never be… “There something else I want to tell you about…I met someone, Thomas, someone incredible…”
Thomas felt his heart shrink in his chest, hoping for a second she was joking, and secretly wanted him. “Really, when did you have time to meet someone, with everything that happened…?”
She turned her swing and faced him, a dreamy look in her eyes as she began to speak, “Friday night at the café, he came in and I waited on him, his name is Daniel Evans, have you ever heard of him?”
Holy crap, him! His sister had the biggest crush on him since he moved in town 3 years ago, he had been in her graduating class…for a year all he heard about was Daniel this… Daniel that… he was much older than Selah… he wouldn’t be interested in her. “I’ve heard a little about him, doesn’t he play hockey…isn’t he like 20 already or something?” trying to dissuade her and prevent her heart from being broken, he had probably just said “hi” to her and she was head over heels…he assumed he wasn’t done hearing about Daniel, if Selah had a crush on him.
Selah lifted her legs in the air and let her swing go round and round after she had twisted the rope going in a circle. She began to laugh, “He makes me feel like this, Tom, all dizzy and light headed.”
She was gonna be crushed when she realized he didn’t want her…well I could be the one picking up the pieces, Thomas thought smiling, “That’s great, Sel, but do you really think he’s right for you?” trying to bring her down to reality.
“Oh that was Friday night, I went for a walk to tell Dave at work about my mom, and ask for some time off, and I ran into him again…he walked me home, and we’ve been texting ever since…and today he picked me up and I went to work with him at the arena…I actually was on the Zamboni it was so awesome…he gets me Thomas he understands a lot…he lost his dad to cancer.”
Thomas was speechless, he had picked her up…they were texting? He was most likely using her, thinking he could get into her pants…if he saw him he would give him a piece of his mind. “Selah isn’t he too old for you, you should be careful he might want more than you want to put out…” he hated being so blunt, but she had rose coloured glasses on as far he could see…
Selah slammed her feet down and stopped herself from twirling. “Give me a break, Thomas, I’m 17 years old and never been kissed, if he’s willing, well I don’t have to spell it out for you, do I?” She thought he would be happy for her, that something was going right with her, she was wrong to have confided in him “Listen just forget about it, I thought you and I were friends, I poured out my heart to you about all the crap that been going on these past few days and I thought you would be glad that there was a light for me at the end of the tunnel.” Her anger beginning to bubble to the surface, she realized he hadn’t done anything wrong but she couldn’t help herself after she began… “I thought I could trust you…maybe I should of just…” She jumped off the swing as it came to a stop, “never mind this was a bad idea…” 
Thomas realized a little too late, he had gone too far…she was already on an emotional edge with what was going on with her mom…he should have just listened… “Sorry Selah, I really care about you I don’t want to see you getting hurt…you’re going through so much already…don’t be mad, please, I just want to help.” He tried to stop her as he ran, he touched her shoulder, the anger there in her eyes, made him release her. “Please, Sel, I didn’t mean it, give me a chance to explain, I was jealous ok.”
Selah put her head down knowing she hadn’t wanted that information out of him, it complicated things even more between them…her voice soften as she said “Thomas, 
we’re just friends I…I don’t feel that way about you…I thought you knew that…and Daniel isn’t like that…”
“I know Sel, but that’s why I reacted that way, I know we are just friends and that’s all…I’m ok with that, really…I just can’t stand you being mad at me, and I never had to deal with another guy in the picture…I’m only human, and if he hurts you…well, I’ll put a hit out on him,”
Selah couldn’t help but smile at that last comment, “Ok, tough guy I’ll tell him he’s been warned!”
“I’m serious, Sel, and don’t worry I’ll tell him myself if I see him,” he puffed up his chest like a peacock. “You only deserve the best, you’re something special Sel, and if he doesn’t realize that, you’re better off without him…”  
“Plenty other fish in the sea, right?” she teased him “Not to mention the dolphin coming to my rescue right now, right…?”
Thomas smiled brightly glad they were back on track “Well since you mentioned it, you did pick the right mammal, dolphins are extremely intelligent you know, and hey who doesn’t want to swim with the dolphins in their life time?” he winked wickedly at her.
Selah grinned at him shaking her head, as she walked back to her car, he was such a tool…but he would stand beside her, through thick or thin… that she was certain of.


Chapter 4/Nightmares

Sleep was hard to come by as Selah tossed and turned not able to calm her thought enough to drift quietly, the past few days had been trying on her, and she was supposed to go to school tomorrow and pretend that everything was fine. She began to have nagging doubts about Daniel after what Thomas had told her…He could be right…what did he see in her anyway, she wondered…she had lost her nerve to text him thinking he really didn’t want her to…her self-esteem was running low…she tossed and turned in her bed, as she finally began to drift she let herself float and found herself sitting in a corner of a dark room… she didn’t remember ever being there before, she could hear shouting in another room…the door opened quickly and slammed against the wall… and a large obese brute of a  man was shouting obscenities at her, he began to walk  briskly towards her, Selah felt her blood run cold with fear as she crouched even deeper in the corner hoping he wouldn`t see her…she held her breath as he reached down to grab her...
Selah let out a high pitched scream… the man turned towards her seeing her for the first time, confusion clouded his vision…he quickly regained his composure and reached down and pulled a small body from the corner next to Selah…she hadn’t seen the boy trembling besides her…he threw him across the floor and began kicking him repeatedly, as he curse at him blaming him for something… Selah shouted for him to stop…he continued ignoring her pleas…
She got up and jumped on the man’s back trying to stop him from hurting the boy…startled the man took a step back then crushed Selah between him and the wall...knocking the breath out of her as she crumbled to the floor…she felt pain shoot in her head and something running down the back of her neck…as everything went black.
Daniel had been waiting for her for quite a while before he felt her presence inside the void, she felt very far away…he would have known her light anywhere though and pulled himself towards her… when all of a sudden he felt her flicker out…
He began to panic knowing she couldn’t of just fallen  asleep… he slid into the place he had last felt her…she was nowhere to be found, he tried to remain as calm as possible…if she had found someone’s nightmare and believed she was in  it, she would be trapped…and he wouldn’t be able to help her…
Selah opened her eyes and saw the man sitting on the bed, his energy spent from beating the boy senseless…as she sat up she turned to look at the boy…he was looking right at her…as she felt a razor sharp pain surging thru her head as she tried to keep her eyes open, she struggled as they closed repeatedly…
The man heard her shuffling to sit and rose… “And what do we have here boy, whose you’re little friend…?” he asked the now trembling boy. Selah knew she had to 
stay awake…this just couldn’t be happening to her…it was a nightmare…it just couldn’t be real…it just wasn’t real…she kept repeating the words over and over…
Daniel felt her again…as she flickered for a fraction of a second… he focused on her and her alone… nothing else mattered…he had but one chance, he jumped
through… he instantly saw her laying on the floor of a dark room, blood beginning to pool around her head…he swept her in his arms and faded out…
He laid her gently on the soft bed, as he cupped her head into his hands and began to infuse her with his energy…he took her pain into him, removing all that remained of the nightmare…as her head healed, Daniel began to fade…he released himself into her, giving all his light… she had to be alright…
Selah opened her eyes, to find herself alone in a room totally encompassed by the huge bed she was lying in…everything was white, the sheets the walls, the pillow as she sat up and noticed the pillow her head had been on was soaked in blood…she tried to remember what had just happened…her head felt no pain… but the only thoughts running through her head were of Daniel…she felt as if he were inside of her…part of her…she couldn`t explain in words…she just felt him there.
She drifted back to her body, as she felt herself slid back into her still core she forced herself awake… she needed to text him…she had to see…she felt as if he needed her, desperately.
She reached for her light on the nightstand and found her phone “Hey are you awake, is everything alright?” her fingers fumbled over the keyboard. She couldn’t understand why she had asked him that question, but she just knew she should…minutes passed, Selah began wondering if her fears were legitimate…she texted him again this time just saying his name…
Daniel felt as if he were in a thick fog…he couldn’t find his sense of direction he had given her so much of his light…he could hear his phone vibrate and make the weird  sound it did when he received a text, he tried so hard to see through the fog…
Selah was really worried now, fifteen minutes had passed , he hadn’t answered her text, she looked through her contacts and found his phone number and called him… letting the phone ring continuously…
Daniel could hear the phone ringing now…he remembered he had put an old fashioned ring for phone calls…he fought the weight that held him down… knowing if he didn’t he might not make it through…
Selah heard the voice of the automated answering machine saying “This customer is unavailable…” she knew that meant that his phone was on…she pressed redial and tried again…praying he would pick up this time…
All of a sudden the phone stopped ringing…Selah heard someone breathing on the other end, “Daniel, is that you?” she asked fear laced her voice, there was no answer… “Daniel, are you there?” again she questioned…the breathing on the other end was quite laboured as if it was difficult to get each breath out…
“Selah” he whispered barely legible.
“Daniel, talk to me, can you hear me?”
As he listened to her he felt some of his strength returning slowly, she was giving him some back…
Selah whispered to him “I’m here for you, if you can hear me… hold on everything is going to be alright…”
The more she talked to him the better he felt… “Selah I’m alright; I think I was… his voice cracked his throat extremely dry “I could hear the phone but couldn’t answer it at first… how did you know?”
Selah thought about her feeling, she didn’t know how to explain it without coming across as crazy, “Have you ever heard of sixth sense?” she asked him.
“Yeah, I guess so, kinda like a gut instinct, right?” Daniel felt stronger and stronger the more they talked.
“When I woke up I had the strangest feeling that you needed me…” as Selah said the words she wanted to take them back, afraid he would take them the wrong way.
Daniel closed his eyes, he had saved her from the night mare, but she had saved him…he could of just slipped away he knew, it had happened to others before … he thanked god that Selah had acted without fear and followed her instincts. “I’m so glad you called, I have a feeling I’d be lost without you…” he felt the tears fall from his eyes, he wished he could tell her how very true those words actually were…hopefully, someday he would.
They talked for a few minutes more, Selah glanced at the clock and saw it was passed three in the morning, she whispered “good night”  and turned to shut off the light, she noticed something red from the corner of her eye… She twisted her whole body around and saw her pillow was covered in now almost dry blood…
What had really happened tonight…her mind was totally blank…she tried to focus…to remember… still nothing…and why had she felt like that about Daniel…she felt as if there were holes in her memory, as if some had been removed…she removed the stained pillowcase, had she had a bad nosebleed…? She used to have them when she was little, she looked in the mirror and saw no evidence of one…but what else could have happened, Selah wondered, as she lay down and fell in a restless slumber.
Daniel couldn’t sleep; his thoughts of what had happened plagued him, he had to find a way to make sure that never happened again…If she could only learn the rules of how the void worked, she wouldn’t place herself in such peril again. He made the decision quickly he just couldn’t take the chance of ever losing her…
Daniel quieted his mind, he had to enter the void…he felt the room ripple… and found himself in a place he thought only to enter again with Selah by his side…It was a large foyer made of stone…the ceiling was 50 feet tall, he saw statues surrounding him, of angels and demons battling. He began to walk slowly towards the large bronze doors that loomed before him, they were easily as tall as the ceilings, and ornately carved with more scenes depicting the struggles of the winged creatures…this place was only here in the void, everywhere else was a parallel, an exact duplicate of the real world.
The bile rose in his stomach, as fear overpowered him…he had to protect her they would understand they would let him help her…without her they would lose everything…she was the foundation.
As he approached the doors… two beastly sentries appeared to descend from them, suddenly alive, they were half the size of the doors, they looked to be made of the same bronze, one holding a spear the size of a large tree… the other a sword…Daniel felt 
like an ant being examined by two rabid guard dogs…they turned and looked at him, their eyes shone like a pure flame, enveloping him… he stood his ground…swallowing 
his fear. They smelled him, sizing him up in an instant… and let him pass, the doors opening with the groaning sound of a seized, rusted wheel finally coming loose after a long time…
The room he entered didn’t appear to have a ceiling it was endless, there were 6 pillars, they reached up to the sky their end too high to be seen…Daniel had been here many times before; this place was very familiar to him.  He was attached to a human body now, so the emotions he felt were very different, intense, he walked to the alter before him he saw a man sitting on a throne, the creator of all worlds, he was all in white and as Daniel approached he fell onto his knees the power before him being so great…his head became so very heavy forcing him to bend and so he let it fall forward, resting on his forehead.  He could not speak, and was paralyzed…he had witnessed many others enter and had not understood the magnitude of force that made them submit… until now.
He felt a touch upon his shoulder and a voice that sang to his very soul said “RISE MY SON…”
Daniel felt all the weight disappear before him and he slowly got to his feet…
“IT IS GOOD TO SEE YOU DANIEL. BUT YOU ARE ALONE?” Daniel felt the implications of his decision settle on him, he had to ask… he lifted his head and stared into the man’s eyes which blazed like a thousand furnaces…Daniel knew that he already understood the reason for the unexpected visit…he had read his soul, and knew of his need.
“My lord,” Daniel said lowering his head showing as much respect as was allotted… “I have grave concerns, Selah is proving difficult, and she rushes headlong into trouble without concern for herself.
The man before him uttered a boisterous roar of laughter… “AND YOU EXPECT ANY DIFFERENT, SHE HAS ALWAYS BEEN THAT WAY, IT IS ONE OF HER MANY STRENGHTS…” he lifted his hand to his chin as if pondering “ I SUPPOSE IT COULD ALSO BE A WEAKNESS, UNTIL SHE IS READY… SHE DID COME TO YOUR AID, WITHOUT JUSTIFICATION, DID SHE NOT?”
Daniel thought of the gut instinct she had followed “Yes, my lord, she did, but she does not understand any of the dangers here in the void…I almost lost her…” Daniels voice choked his fear so intense. “I’m here to request permission to guide her, teach her the rules here…” he hesitated this was the difficult part “I know I swore my vows, to not reveal myself but if she is lost…than all has failed…”
The man closed his eyes thinking of the implications of his words, “YES, ALL THE WORK WE HAVE BEEN PREPARING FOR WOULD BE FOR NAUGHT… IT IS STILL HER CHOICE TO MAKE,DANIEL…IF YOU REVEAL YOURSELF HER CHOICE WILL BE TAINTED,THAT MUST NOT COME TO PAST…BUT YOU ARE CORRECT SHE IS MUCH TOO IMPORTANT TO RISK…”
Daniel’s heart skipped a beat, his fears apparently unfounded suddenly very glad he had come, they would let him help her…
“BUT OF WHAT MEANING IS A VOW DANIEL, IF IT IS SO EASILY BROKEN… IT IS OF GRAVER CONSEQUENSE TO HAVE TAKEN A VOW AND 
DISREGARD IT, THAN TO HAVE NEVER TAKEN ONE AT ALL”, he paused searching Daniel’s eyes, “WOULD YOU NOT SAY?”
Daniel realized he had jumped the gun too soon; things would not be so easy. “I will pay the consequences of my actions, whatever the price…”he whispered the fear returning.
“YOU’RE LOVE FOR HER IS STRONG I SEE, TO BE WILLING TO SACRIFICE SO MUCH…YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN FAITHFUL AND TRUE DANIEL…he walked around Daniel examining him more closely…WHERE THERE’S A WILL, THERE’S A WAY… IS IT NOT WHAT THE HUMAN’S SAY…PERHAPS THERE IS A CHANCE FOR ALL… WITHOUT ANY VOWS BEING BROKEN…YOU WOULD DO ANYTHING DANIEL?”
Daniel didn’t hesitate, as he answered immediately “Anything!” he lifted his head as he saw the creator, motion to someone hidden on the side of the alter. Confused Daniel stepped back. A young, very muscular man of the same as him, slowly approached them both.
“YOU REMEMBER CALEB, DON’T YOU DANIEL? HIS CHARGE IS NOT YET ROAMING THE VOID, SHE IS STILL TOO YOUNG…I PROPOSE HE GUIDES SELAH WHEN SHE RETURNS HERE…IN SO DOING YOU WILL HOLD TRUE TO YOUR VOWS, AND SHE WILL BE OUT OF DANGER.”
Daniel was speechless, this couldn’t be happening, Caleb? Why didn’t he pick a female guard…? “But my lord”, Daniel protested, “ she will feel a connection with Caleb, just as she felt with me…she will be drawn to him, I haven’t had enough time to establish our relationship…”
“YOU QUESTION MY DECISION…? YOU SAID YOU WOULD DO ANYTHING DANIEL, DO YOU RENEGE ON YOU WORDS?”
“No,” Daniel said defeated “Will I still be able to have contact with her in the void?”
“ONLY IF SHE INSTICATES IT… I’M SORRY DANIEL; THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO PROTECT HER.... YOU WERE NEVER GUARANTEED A RELATIONSHIP WITH HER BEYOND THE BONDS OF PROTECTION…IF ONE DEVELOPS, IT IS BY HER OWN CHOOSING…YOU DO UNDERSTAND THAT IS NOT OF OUR CONCERN?” he again examined Daniel this time clearly showing sympathy for him.
Daniel looked at Caleb and felt self-conscious and concerned… she would like him instantly on looks alone. He would have to make sure he was there for her in the real world, hopefully he could do enough to win her to him…he knew it wouldn’t be easy…
He had accomplished what he had come here for… she would be protected just not by him…he hoped she would realize just how much she meant to him…he had been willing to give up his life…
Caleb walked over to him grinning smugly, like a cat just licking the last of the cream in the bowl and whispered to Daniel, “Don’t worry brother, I will protect her as if she were mine…too bad I can’t go to earth yet…I could of done all your job for you…and she is the strongest of them all, so definitely a prize worth attaining…this is going to be my pleasure.”
Daniel looked at him, he was so young, cocky, if he acted like that with her he would never stand a chance, good-looking or not, she would see right thru him…he felt a twinge of hope returning, all was not lost, yet…
Daniel turned and knelt before the creator once again, “Thank you my lord, for granting my request, I will hopefully have her with me upon my next return, may I have permission to take my leave.”
The creator looked at the determination of the man before him and didn’t doubt that no stone would be left unturned in his quest to obtain Selah for his very own…he had loved her since the beginning of time… as they had all stood here and accepted their fates. The challenge of putting Caleb in the picture would strengthen him even more. Out of all the guards Daniel had always been the most resourceful, and cunning by a long shot, that’s why he had been paired with Selah. She was the strongest by far, and if she chose wisely… would lead them all in the end…
“WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT AND ALL HAS BEEN ACCOMPLISHED… BRING HER HOME TO ME SAFETLY DANIEL; I DO MISS HER SO…”
Daniel felt himself return to his bed, unsure if his rashness in asking for help had become a blessing or a curse…he knew he would have to place himself more substantially in her life, he had to become someone she could not imagine her life without, he laid there not tired and wondered how he would do that.

Selah woke the next morning feeling unrested and grouchy, she hadn’t slept well after she had hung up with Daniel, she slowly showered and dressed in her darkest clothes, hoping to go unnoticed at school. She got downstairs and saw Jacob had let Gunner in, and he was eating, he ran happily towards her when he saw her, tail wagging frantically. 
If only she could be a dog everything would be so much simpler, all she would be concerned about was food, love and chasing squirrels…she rubbed behind his ears and reached down and gave him a huge hug, he smelt of clothes hung out on the line, fresh.
She noticed the note saying her aunt Eve had gotten up early and went to the hospital… Jacob looked as if he hadn’t slept much either, “Hey Brad texted me, wondering what you were doing on the Zamboni yesterday? So what’s up, Sel, you working at the rink now?” he looked at her questioningly.
Selah had forgotten that was only yesterday…time seemed to be flying by, so much was happening… “That was nothing, Jake, just helping out a friend…”
“Since when, are you friends with Daniel Evans? Jacob questioned her.
“Why?” she hoped to distract him so she wouldn’t need to answer.
 “He’s totally dope at hockey, do you think, I could meet him? 
“I don’t know Jake, he’s pretty busy.”
“Aw come on Sel, please! He’s assistant coach with the junior c. Did you know he could have made it to the NHL if he hadn’t gotten hurt, some people say he was better than Sidney Crosby?”
Selah smiled at the enthusiasm Jacob was showing toward Daniel, he was pretty freaking awesome she knew… “I’ll invite him over sometime. Ok.”
Jacob raised his eyebrows in disbelief, “Really, maybe he’ll give me some pointers for hockey, which would be so cool, so, how do you know him?”
Selah didn’t want to get into the details of her love life with her little brother, so she just messed up his hair knowing it would distract him.
Jacob jumped up, “Hey don’t touch my do Selah, it took forever to get my cow-lick to go down this morning, and oh by the way do you have any hair gel?”
She knew he had already forgotten the question about Daniel, glad she had escaped it, she opened the back door and put Gunner outside checking if he had water in his bowl.
They got in the car as Selah realized today was the badminton tryouts, “You’re gonna have to take the bus afterschool, I have badminton today.”
“No prob,” he said “Mom and dad are heading to the city for those test right?”
Selah turned to him and said “Yeah, they were leaving by ambulance around 9, Dad said he would call me as soon as he found out anything, I figure Aunt Eve is gonna go with them, they’ll be gone all day.
“Let me know if you find out anything dad probably will only call one of us…do you think Tracy can come over after school?”
Surprised that he was automatically looking to her for authority, “You two are pretty close don’t you think…?”
“She really helps me keep my mind off of mom…and what’s happening.” Jacob admitted.
Selah knew she couldn’t interfere with that…her thoughts went to Daniel thinking he could do that for her, she smiled inwardly and told Jacob “Yeah sure, do you think between the both of you, you could cook?  It would be great if I came home to supper already done.”
Peter looked at Diana all wrapped up on the stretcher, they would be leaving any minute to go to the city by ambulance. Eve had decided to drive her car behind them, Peter had told her, he didn’t want to leave Diana alone for the ride, surprisingly Eve had agreed, she had been extremely quiet all this time, he pictured her talking incessantly, if he had gone with her. 
His place was with his wife, not her sister. He couldn’t seem to let go of any of his emotions, upon finding her after the stroke. He was trying to think of how things were going to be when it was time for her to come home, he would have to arrange for home care…she wouldn’t be able to take care of herself for a long time… he realized that, he wished he could stay home and just be with her… but they wouldn’t be able to do that for long, their savings wouldn’t take them too far…he was grateful they had plenty of insurance so he wouldn’t be bogged down with medical bills…
He had to go back to work next week hopefully the stroke hadn’t done too much damage and she would be able to come back to him…he had heard rehab would do wonders for her…the road ahead would be long he knew…as long as they were together…he hadn’t thought about the kids at all…Diana was his world.
They way up to the city was quiet, Diana had slept most of the way…she needed her rest. He thought of his life with her…he had been blessed to find her, she had straightened him out… he wouldn’t of come close to being who he was without her…drugs and drinking had been prominent in his life…until that day he had walked into the bar she was working in… he could still picture her short skirt and legs that went forever…he smiled to himself remembering.
She had told him straight out she didn’t date drunks…she saw enough of them at work…it had taken a lot of convincing, he had been sober a week when she finally agreed to go out for coffee; he knew he could never go back to his old ways, she was 
incredible… If she didn’t pull through…well he prayed she had to, his mouth had been watering for a drink since the night he had found her. He wasn’t strong...god only knew what would happen to the kids if things got worse…he would crumble, he felt it.
Selah he managed to go through the day without drawing too much attention; Thomas had helped, keeping her distracted with monotonous conversations. When the final bell rang she went to the locker room and began getting ready for the try outs, she looked around the room at the girls trying out, seeing that there were some new faces. She was glad she had come, she needed to rid herself of some pent up energy. She got out her racket that her mom had spent a small fortune on last year, she felt tears well up in her eyes, and quickly blinked them away…
She opened the door of the locker room and started looking for someone to start playing against…Selah saw a tall guy, he looked vaguely familiar to her, he was turned and his back was to her. He was towards the far end of the gymnasium, and was putting the net up, she walked over towards him. As she got closer he turned, Selah stopped she couldn’t believe her eyes, it was Daniel, she was sure of it…but what was he doing here?
“Daniel, is that you?” Selah was close behind him now, “What are you doing here?”
Daniel turned and saw her, he smiled so glad she had come; he remembered yesterday her saying how she had tryouts today. He had been on the phone all morning; the coach finally agreed he wouldn’t mind having some help this year…, “You’re looking at the new assistant coach, for senior’s badminton.”
Selah couldn’t believe it he had never mentioned he played, “You never said anything about this yesterday when I told you I was trying out today.”
“I wanted to surprise you, did it work?” he teased he hoped coaching badminton would be similar to hockey; he hadn’t played in a long time. “So are you ready to get your butt whooped?”
Selah looked at him with a bring it on look. As they began their first game, settling in nicely, Selah realizing she was being gentle with him, started making him work, besides she had to make the team, this was her outlet for her frustrations, she slammed it towards the back of the court watching as Daniel backed up and got it in the nick of time.
As the birdie came sailing back towards her she tipped it gently… forcing him to run towards the net. He missed and Selah grinned sweetly at him and said one to zero.
Daniel had to say he was enjoying immensely watching her play…even if she was making him sweat, he decided to up the ante…  “Loser gets to buy the other supper?”
Selah smiled at him “You’re on! You best put your big pants on then, Danny boy, I’m gonna have to scrape you off the floor, when I’m done with you.” She served a long one toward the back of the court.
Daniel laughed at her comments, knowing she most likely would do just that…but he would have the chance to take her out for supper, it was a win-win for him.
True to her words the game was brutal for Daniel; she had shown him no mercy.
They played the best two out of three, by the third game he was improving and making her work harder, he could see she was having fun. When the third game was over they played partners against another male, female combo. They put safety glasses on as Selah agreed to take the front half of the court while Daniel being taller than her, had the back.
As the birdie whizzed past Selah she ducked to give Daniel the chance to volley it back, they made an awesome team barely letting the other team get two points from all 3 
games. Selah felt the sweat drip down her back, not caring if Daniel could see her shirt was soaked…
Daniel loved being in the back with her in front of him, he could watch the muscled in her legs flex as she bent to get the birdie as it just barely made it over the net… and not to mention what her tight little shorts made her butt look like, he could play all day.
Too soon they had to play with others, Selah decided she would take the back court this time saying she needed the work in back of the court…it was her chance to examine Daniel a little closer, she saw the scar on his ankle where he had his surgeries… his legs were long but not too skinny, you could tell he played sports…she was so engrossed in watching him she didn’t see the birdie coming toward her as it hit her in the head. Embarrassed at being caught she barely stole a glance at him the rest of the game.
They seemed to know the others decisions before they made them complementing each other perfectly…as if they were made for one another.
The try out was done in no time Selah looked at Daniel “I’m, going to go in the showers, thanks for not being too easy on me. I really needed to get out some stress.” She wanted to ask him about the phone call the night before but decided to wait until they were alone…
Daniel walked over to coach Richards, he had remembered Daniel from a few years back and had liked him, luckily, otherwise he wouldn’t have let him coach. “Thanks for letting me help out, sir.” Daniel met his gaze.
Coach Richards chuckled, “Are you gonna help the team out or just, Selah Jones?”
Daniel looked at him sheepishly knowing he had seen right thru him “I’m going to try to help all the team.”
He patted Daniel on the shoulder grinning at him “Can’t say that I blame you, she’s a pretty little thing, and when I was your age…well I wouldn’t have let too much stop me when it came to the ladies, if you get my drift…just make sure she gets better, you got that son? I’ll turn a blind eye as long as everything works out. She’s a good girl… don’t you go making me regret it.” He tilted his head and raised his brows at Daniel warning him.
Daniel felt relieved that he hadn’t kicked him out of the gym…he didn’t know how he would have explained that to Selah, instead he said, “I promise I won’t, and Thank you sir for being so understanding, and remembering what it’s like to be young.” Daniel winked at him then went and grabbed a quick shower hoping to be done before Selah left.
Selah strolled out of the locker room feeling and smelling much better, she saw a group of girls fawning over Daniel, she felt a stab of jealousy he seemed engrossed in a conversation… she decided she would talk to him later and turned to head out of the gym…
Daniel saw her come out of the corner of his eye, the three girls around him were talking gibberish about something… he hadn’t been listening too closely, he excused himself and ran to catch up to Selah. The girls seemed surprised he had ditched them so easily.
“Hey, you forgot I owe you a meal…” Daniel got out as he caught up to her.
Selah was surprised to see him, thinking he would be busy for a while with his conversation, “I figured you were busy” the sarcasm clearly in her voice. She could smell the soap he used and wished she hadn’t been so quick to bit his head off…what was wrong with her.
Daniel sensed her jealously and brushed it off, glad he could get a reaction from her…she had washed her hair and put in up in a knot of sorts…as they got outside the wind was blowing, she was the first one out the door and was pushed back by a strong gale.. Daniel caught her as she stumbled back; he held her close breathing in her scent…
Selah felt his arms around her, liking the feel of his chest on her back, her hair had been put up quickly and the wind undid her twist, her wet hair flew and covered Daniel face, “I’m sorry Daniel”
 He grabbed her wrist and told her “You did nothing wrong Selah, you don’t have to be sorry for anything…” he didn’t want to let her go, she wouldn’t see him tonight in the void unless she wanted to. “So, supper tonight is it a plan?” 
Selah remembered asking Jacob to make supper, “I’d really like to, but my little brother is making me supper, I think. But if you don’t mind he really wants to meet you, you can come over…he plays hockey, and he idolizes you…and I sort of promised him that I would introduce you to him.”
“Sure that sounds even better, can he cook?” Daniel liked that he would meet Jacob, and him playing hockey was just a bonus…maybe he had be worried for nothing… “I’ll follow you to your place, ok, do you want me to stop and pick something up?”
“No that’s ok, I hope you like grilled cheese sandwiches, cause that’s probably what he cooked,” glad that he had accepted the invitation, as she walked to her car.


Chapter 5/Trust me

Daniel pulled into the driveway a few seconds after Selah, she was walking towards his car, smiling the wind turning her cheeks bright red and her lips slightly blue, if only he could warm them up for her, he thought.
Selah watched as Daniel got out of the car, excited to have him at her house, she grabbed him by the arm and lead him to the front door. As soon as she opened the door Gunner came running to meet her, he sniffed her pants as if wondering what she had been doing all day was clearly visible on them. When Daniel stepped next to her, he stopped sniffing her instantly and happily began smelling him, clearly very glad to have someone new to give him attention. “I’m sorry he doesn’t meet too many new people and gets really excited, his name is Gunner.”  She hoped he liked animals she had forgotten to tell him about Gunner.
Daniel knelt down and gave the dog a good rub down,  Gunner was enjoying himself so much he began to moan, he dropped himself onto the floor rolling on his back and let Daniel rub his belly, “I see you like that eh, boy.” As Daniel stopped the dog got back on his feet and licked Daniel’s hand in thanks for the rub, he had made a new friend.
Selah watched as Gunner ignored her and followed Daniel, traitor she thought, in his defense she hadn’t paid much attention to him the past few days…She took the opportunity to grab Daniel’s hand and lead him towards the kitchen.
Daniel held her hand running his fingers along her life line, rubbing it, as they reached the kitchen, they found Selah’s brother and a cute girl playing with the dish water in the sink. Daniel saw how much they looked a lot alike, Jacob and Selah.
 Jacob pulled back when he saw them he had been trying to get Tracy shirt wet, his hands full of bubbles, from the dishwater.  His eyes opened wide upon seeing Daniel, he tried to look serious all of a sudden, until the handful of bubbles Tracy had put on his head fell into his eyes.
Selah started laughing “Good one Tracy.” Jacob grabbed the dish towel and wiped himself off, trying to act all macho because Daniel was with her, she noticed. Tracy seemed just as shaken as she looked at who Selah had with her; Selah smiled at Daniel realizing he had that effect on people.
She squeezed Daniel hand gently, “This is my brother Jacob and his girlfriend Tracy Davis.”
Daniel smiled at them both, “Hi, I’m Daniel Evans please to meet you both.”
Tracy smiled shyly, already forgetting Jacob, lifting her hand in a small wave “Hi Daniel.”
Jacob walked over to Daniel and offered his hand making Daniel let go of Selah’s ,  smiling “It’s awesome man to actually meet you, when I asked Selah this morning…well I never thought I’d have the chance so soon.” He pumped Daniel’s hand furiously, obviously in awe of him. “I guess I underestimated her, you two going out or something?” he looked at Selah waiting for a confirmation one eyebrow up.
Selah began to deny any such thing when Daniel interrupted her saying “Well it’s still too soon to tell, do you think I stand a chance?”
Selah mouth dropped in shock, she looked at Daniel wondering if he was pulling her leg, he grinned back, satisfied with her reaction as he waited for a comment.
Selah turned to hide her excitement she felt like doing a victory dance after a touchdown, “So Jake what did you make for supper, I invited Daniel to taste your culinary expertise.” Hoping it would take the attention off of her; she glanced tentatively at Daniel and saw he was still looking at her, waiting.
“Seriously, you want some of my cooking?” he grabbed Selah’s arm and dragged her to the side whispering “You should of called first telling me he was coming I could of made taco’s or something…your making me look bad…I thought you were joking this morning.”
Selah burst out laughing at Jacob, he sounded like an angry wife who hadn’t been told company was coming…and he had saved her from Daniel’s puzzlingly optimistic gaze.
“It’s ok Jacob I’ll make some grilled cheeses for Daniel and I, don’t worry about it,” Selah reassured him. She turned back toward Daniel “So you want grilled cheese and a salad…?”
“Yeah, that sounds good, how about I help you,” he offered.
As she got everything out, they began to get supper ready, she watched Tracy trying to convince Jacob with much difficulty to go in the living room…it was obvious he wanted to just sit and talk with Daniel the way he hung around. He let go of a huge sigh, almost sulking, as they left the kitchen.
As soon as they were alone Daniel grabbed Selah by the waist turning her towards him, pinning her against the counter, as he looked down into her eyes “So are you gonna answer the question?”
Selah feigned ignorance as she felt him press up against her, her heart racing she swallow hard “What…what was the question?” she whispered barely legible. 
“Do I have a chance with you, Selah?” he took his fingers and traced the line of her jaw.
She couldn’t even bring herself to blink as she licked her lips which suddenly felt like sandpaper. Still whispering she said “You think about me… like that… really… me?” having trouble absorbing the information being given to her.
“Oh yes, you and no one else…” he touched her wet lips as they parted, waiting; he began to bend toward her slowly.
Selah reached up to hold onto his arms curving her body into his as she tilted her head back  closing her eyes as  his lips grazed hers lightly, she felt tingles run up her spine, she opened her mouth slightly touching her tongue to his, her whole body trembling as she opened up to him, giving him his answer. She pulled him closer still as she hungrily kissed him, not holding anything back.
Daniel held her as close as her could crushing her against the counter, he felt his breath coming quicker as he pulled away, the passion she was showing him, drowning him, he pulled away breathless. “Wow you’re amazing Selah…I hope that meant yes.”
Suddenly ashamed of her desire for him Selah looked down afraid to meet his intense gaze. “That was my first kiss…I hope it wasn’t too bad...I didn’t want to stop.” She had let go of him, and was clenching her fingers together nervously…
Daniel put his arms around her, smelling her still wet hair, he wanted to lift her in his arms and swing her around he was so happy, “That was the best kiss I ever had, thank 
you for being you, please never change.” he ran his fingers lovingly thru her hair and kissed the top of her head.
Selah circled her arms around his back feeling his strength as she rested her head on his shoulder, “Daniel, you really mean a lot to me, I’m so glad we finally met,  I feel like I‘ve been waiting for you a long time…does that sound strange?”
He held her tighter and whispered “No it’s not strange at all, it’s like that for me too, Selah, me too.” 
The phone rang awakening Selah out of her moment of bliss, she reluctantly let go of Daniel, and walked over, answering it on the third ring “Hello,” her eyes holding Daniel’s, he turned away first and began to butter the bread for the grilled cheese sandwiches.
Daniel smiled as he listened to Selah on the phone, he was so happy he could burst…in no time he had a few grilled cheese sandwiches ready to be cooked, he put the pan on, dropping the sandwiches in. She felt the same as he did, knowing that made him feel light as air. He began humming as he cut up the vegetables Selah had taken out, making the salads…
It was her dad, Selah turned her back from Daniel, her mom had had the MRI and they would get the results of both tests tomorrow after the CAT scan, Selah filled him in on her and Jake’s day, she asked her dad to make sure he called as soon as he had results. She told him to give her mom a kiss how much she loved them both. She called out to Jacob passing him the phone.
As she got to the table she smiled wide at Daniel, “Wow, gorgeous, great kisser, and he cooks, I definitely will keep you around for a while.”
Daniel gave her his best smile, and presented her with the supper he had thrown together, “so is everything alright with your mom?” concern entering his eyes.
“She’s the same; they won’t find out the results of her tests until tomorrow, if you believe in prayers Daniel, maybe you can say one for her?” She asked hopefully.
“I do, and will, hoping for everything to work out for the best.” He grabbed his sandwich “So are we gonna eat now, I’m starving, all that kissing has taken all my energy” he laughed.
They ate, Selah thanking Daniel for finishing supper, he helped her clean up afterwards. He was sorely tempted to start the same kind of fight as Jacob and Tracy had had, but he restrained himself.
Selah was having a difficult time recovering after that kiss, it had surpassed her every wish, for her first one…and having it be with Daniel made it all the more dynamic to her…she wanted to ask him if they were a couple or…they hadn’t really began dating she had only met him days before, even though it felt as if she had always know him, she knew Maria had been “Spot on”. She felt goose bumps on her arms; she shivered thinking about her reading.
Daniel saw her shiver “Are you cold, do you want me to warm you up”, as he pulled her to him, her back to his chest as he tucked his chin on top of her head. He ran his hands down her arms until he held both her hands in his.
Selah’s goose bumps instantly disappeared, as she felt his body heat thru her clothes. She leaned against him, relishing the feeling. She closed her eyes, and relaxed completely. “Daniel?” she whispered.
He was rubbing his cheek on her head, as relaxed and content as she was “Hmm?”
“Is this really happening, I mean we only just met? How can we fit, so perfectly?”
Daniel still holding her hands put them around her and held her tight… “Do you believe in faith?” she felt like she was safe in his cocoon.
“I don’t know…I want to, but you kinda scare me Daniel.”
He loosened his hold on her suddenly worried he was going too fast and would mess things up, “I’m sorry Selah, sometimes I don’t think before I act, my emotions take over…I’m really sorry, I’m moving too fast, I should have known.” He was clearly upset.
Selah let him go and turned quickly “No, no Daniel, that’s not the problem, you scare me because I…” she looked down as if trying to find the right words “I don’t know what I would do without you, and it’s only been a few days…and I…it scares the hell out of me…so please if you’re not being honest…I can’t take being lied to, I hate it…so don’t lead me on, with everything happening with… with…” her breath caught in her throat as hot tears rolled down her face, “Please don’t lie to me Daniel, I won’t be able to…”
Daniel wiped her tears away, “Selah, I wish I could make you truly understand, I don’t know how I can prove my feelings for you…But I’m truly being honest when I say no-one has ever made me feel as much as you do…and I’m not going anywhere, I promise I won’t let you down.” He kissed her tears away tenderly, “Let me be strong for you right now, you’re going through a lot and that’s what I’m here for, you, just you, can you believe that.
Selah held him tight, Thanking god for sending her Daniel just when she needed him the most, he was her angel. “I’ll try my best, to trust you, and Daniel thanks for everything, you’re like my very own angel.”
Daniel chuckled softly hearing her said that “Ah Selah if you only knew.”
Selah held on, listening to his heart beating against her ear as she wondered what he meant. She had never let herself truly trust someone so deeply… and he wanted her to even more, she reached deep inside and made her choice. 
Selah pulled herself back and looked at him, there wasn’t a bone in her body which told her to run, she wanted him more than she had ever wanted anything or anyone in all her life… she kissed him softly, sweetly, confirming to Daniel that she was reassured…that she would let him in.
They talked for a bit, siting at the table holding hands. Tracy had left a little while before and Jacob came into the kitchen, he was itching to talk with Daniel. Daniel invited him to sit and let him ask all the questions he wanted, Selah watched them both, smiling at how Daniel was with Jacob, as he patiently answered all his questions.
They were absorbed in hockey talk, she knew Jacob had found an outlet with Daniel, he was just what they both needed…he was keeping then both sane. She called Gunner over and sat on the floor with him, as she whispered, in his ear how magical her first kiss had been. He licked her face happy to have so much attention.
Daniel talked with Jacob for quite a while enjoying his company, they planned to meet up soon to have a stick handling session in the garage, Jacob had told him how he had a net set up. 
Jacob was just as smitten with Daniel as Selah was, just over hockey. Selah just couldn’t believe how lucky she was. She walked over to him as he announced he had to head home. He promised he would texts her goodnight before he went to bed, he kissed her, and held her “Thank you for the best night ever.”
Selah got on her tip toes and kissed his nose, “Ditto, bye sexy” she teased him.
After Daniel had texted her and she was snuggled under her blankets, she had let Gunner sleep with her tonight and he was on the end of her bed snoring softly already, she closed her eyes remembering her kisses, as she relaxed, her breathing slowed and she felt herself drifting going to her secret place…
Selah was in the park where she had met Thomas, she walked over to the swings, as she got on and began pushing with her feet, higher, and higher…she extended her arms and let the momentum of the swing carry her as she closed her eyes, her hair flowing with the wind…it felt great, she was so free…as the swing slowed down she pulled her arms against the rope sitting up, as she opened her eyes…and saw a very tall, buff, blond demi-god leaning against the steel poles of the swing set, his biceps were the size of small honeydew melons, she noticed as he crossed his arms on his chest and he had an arrogant grin on his face,  as he watched Selah.
Selah put both feet down stopping herself, she hadn’t been thinking about anything as she swung, but now felt extremely self-conscious, her clothing began changing at a rapid pace, she just couldn’t focus…
Caleb watched her as she lost control of her thoughts, loving the effect he had on her…this was gonna be a piece a cake…he made a mental note to truly thank Daniel the next time he saw him.
Selah wished the man before her would disappear, thinking her thoughts would give her results, instead her clothes disappeared, she got so frustrated she focused on her class room at school and found herself sitting at her desk, relieved she had lost the stranger. She put her head down on the desk…
“These things are made for midgets.” Caleb exclaimed as he tried to squeeze himself out of the desk he was in.
Selah jumped in fear at hearing a voice, she turned and saw the stranger in a desk a few rows over, she felt herself quiver in fear, “Who are you, what do you want…?”
Caleb smiled, “Sorry honey, I’m Caleb I’ve been watching you for a while in here and thought it was time I introduced myself, pleased to meet you,” extending his hand out.
Selah felt apprehensive as she looked him over “How did you follow me?”
“You leave a trail as thick as my arm; it’s hard not to follow you.” His arm still extended in offering.
Selah was confused how had she left a trail, what was he talking about? “I left a trail, where? I can’t see it…”
Caleb waved his arm in a wide circle and Selah saw the exact path she had taken to get at the school it looked like smoke from an old exhaust; it was fading as she 
watched it. “If you don’t know what you’re doing around here, well anyone or anything can find ya. I have seen you coming in and out of this place and I thought you would find some trouble sooner rather than later, so I decided to step in and teach you a bit of what goes on around here, so are you game?”
Selah looked him over he could snap her like a twig if he wanted too, she wouldn’t be able to stop him…she looked him in the eye, blue they were, and very nice, he extended his arm once more. Selah grabbed his hand to shake it her fingers were swallowed in the sheer enormity of his hands. She felt reassured instantly, as if she could trust him, the feeling was vaguely familiar as if she had experienced it before, she shrugged it off, “I’m Selah, nice to meet you I thought this was just a dream, this place.”
Caleb laughed a huge deep throaty roar, “Well I’ll take that as a compliment that you thought of me in your dreams, but this place is real darling…and I think you should understand a bit more what you’re dealing with, wouldn’t want you hurting that pretty little noggin of yours.”
Selah smiled he had a drawl to his voice, she didn’t know where he came from; it had its charm though, “You said anyone or anything could follow me, what do you mean by that, are there creatures here?”
Caleb looked at her, she was tall and thin, nothing but a slip of a thing, and it was hard to believe she was so powerful… “I wouldn’t call them creatures, there are a lot of different things here, and I’ll start with the basics so as not to scare you too much, but don’t get me wrong this place is very dangerous.
Selah tilted her head looking at him, suddenly very interested in what he had to say.
“How bout we go somewhere more comfortable were we can talk…he closed his eyes and Selah felt the scenery ripple as if it were water, liquid, and found herself at the most beautiful beach, she could felt the hot sand in between her toes and the warmth of the sun beating down on her, the waters were a pale blue and crystal clear, she imagined herself in a sun dress with a large hat on her head to protect her from the sun. Her clothes began shifting soon after she settled. “The first thing I want to show you is how to control your appearance and clothes, you change more than a chameleon and frankly honey you sometimes leave nothing to the imagination.”
Selah felt her face heat up hotter than the sun in July. He came closer to her, she looked down shyly, “Focus on what you want to look like he said, then imagine a loose thread on your pretty little dress, ya that’s it. Now this is a bit tricky, but once you get the hang of it,” he pulled the string out and tied it off. 
Selah noticed the string had glowed slightly as he pulled, “Why was it glowing, the string when you pulled it, what did you do?”
“I gave it a base, made it stable, since I tied it off it won’t change unless I untie it, you see everything hear is in energy form, that’s why it was glowing, energy, is a form of light. That’s also why when we want to change things it happens so fast, the speed of light and all.” He looked at her hoping she would be a fast learner.
Selah smiled it made perfect sense, as she looked down at her clothes, they were the same as she had originally though, she could see the string he had tied off too, she sat 
down on the hot sand imagining a blanket underneath her, she attempted to tie off that thought too, picturing the blanket as energy and unraveling a corner and tying it in a knot.
Caleb watched her, amazed she had caught on as quickly as he began explaining, “This place is a parallel of the real world, things are almost an exact duplicate in both places, and a long time ago there was only one world, way back at the beginning. Do you believe in divine beings or in evolution?”
Selah didn’t hesitate and answered, “I believe in god.”
Caleb was relieved he wouldn’t have to convince her of such. “Good, that makes it easier to explain, I’ll refer to God as the creator, ok. In the beginning there was only men and beast that roamed the earth they lived for hundreds of years, even a thousand, the creator found thought that after so many years each person became complacent and oftentimes turned to evil, having lived for so many years doing the same mundane things they sought change and most times suffering ensued from it, he believed there must be a balance at all times between both negative and positive forces.” He saw she was soaking all the information in like a sponge.
“He decided to shorten their time on earth, giving them a life span of about 60 years, but in so doing gave them the freedom of choice on how they would live, if they choose to be evil or good it was all up to them, but there were consequences with each choice. Karma would reward them for their actions, specific to each deeds performed.”
He was sitting next to her running sand thru his fingers as he continued, “With our lives shortened, it changed the dynamics of the learning process, the creator had originally wanted to observe, that’s why he had created the human race, and they fascinated him. So he decided to create this place this parallel universe, when the human body dies, its soul or energy comes here. Each soul decides which path it will take as it takes on a life form, or a human body.” He saw her brows bend down as if confused or questioning his explanation. 
He tried to simplify it so she could better understand. “You agree that you have a soul, right?”
Selah looked at him, “Yeah, I understand that, I just don’t get what you mean by each soul decides its path.”
Caleb tried a different approach, “Before you were born as Selah, your soul knew exactly what choices it would have to make being born you, and does that make sense then?”
“Are you saying everything has already been decided? All my choices?” the disbelief in her voice obvious.
“No, I mean the choices you had to make are still yours but the soul chooses to have to deal from those choices, it has certain lessons to learn in making those choices.” She was still confused he could tell “For example a certain soul has lived many lives but never learned how to deal with great suffering, so it chooses a body that will provide that experience, so the end results is humility perhaps, now do you get it.”
Selah shook her head finally understanding better, “Ok but what do they have to do with here, in this parallel?”
“You may encounter such souls here; having just passed from their human forms contemplating their life lessons…this is like the next stop in their journey”
“Oh wow, like people that just died you mean?” Selah was in awed of this revelation.
“Yes, but they are best left undisturbed, they cannot digest any new information and are too busy contemplating their life lessons, they will not necessarily be happy to see you, they are in a pure form and if their life was difficult it can continue here, some never learn and wander here forever, becoming a menace of sorts…”
“Kind of like a ghost right? So there must be good and evil ones…”
“Now you’re getting the picture, the good ones usually resolve their life lessons fairly quickly, they then move on, to another lesson… so going back to earth and starting over, or reincarnation as you guys call it. While others get stuck, perhaps because they came to a no good end on earth, murdered or such a thing…they never learn anything and are always searching for a way to return to their previous life, all the while they long to have a human body.”
Selah got the chills all of a sudden, as if the sun had disappeared her blood ran cold, “Can they ever get back…?”
Caleb turned to look at her, his expression grim, “Yeah they can latch onto you without you really knowing, that’s how some people become possessed in your world… so you understand when I say this place is dangerous.”
Selah grew quiet letting all the information he had given her sink in, and she had been here a lot lately…she stared at her hands noticing for the first time they looked like the picture of her television. “Why are we like this here, kinda digital?”
Caleb reached over pulling a string from his hands “Everything here is like a pattern of cloth, it can be unravelled. That’s also how things can be created here so easily, as long as your imagination can think it, then it becomes real here.”
Selah imagined a star and watched as it appeared suddenly in her hands…
Caleb reached over and touched it, as it disappeared as if it were made of smoke.
“How come some things are different in color here, some things are greyish I noticed?”
“The greyer the color the less energy is used to make it appear here, things that are colorless are usually just dreams, you see people dream and find themselves here. They never remember this place because they unconsciously come here, they think they are in the real world but they are here, Have you ever heard someone tell you how they love their dreams because anything is possible…” 
“What about me, I’m not faded and tomorrow I’ll remember you and everything you told me.”
“You and I are special Selah, we’re travellers we have the ability to disconnect out body from our soul, but it’s dangerous we leave our bodies exposed to anything, and what happens here happens to our bodies also.”
Selah thought back to the dog bite she had received a few nights before, the pain still fresh in her memory. “How do you know so much about this place Caleb?”
He looked at her realizing he could only tell her so much, if she knew the full truth…”I had a teacher, just like I’m telling you…they really helped me a lot here, there’s still more but I don’t want to overwhelm you with too much right now how about we meet again sometimes?”
Selah realized they had been talking for a long time and agreed to meet another night here at the beach, “In two nights, around the same time?”
She went back to her safe spot where she could see millions of lights, she just floated there for a while thinking of everything her had told her. After a few minutes she let her spirit drift back to her body imagining herself pulling the invisible thread which connected all her parts.
Daniel having watched Caleb instruct Selah on the do’s and don’ts of the void also returned to his body feeling a bit better, thinking Caleb would do right by her…
As Selah left, Caleb felt the presence of Daniel leave with her, he had told her the bare minimum tonight he needed Daniel to trust him, he couldn’t watch from above every time Caleb was with her. He knew he just had to bide his time… he would get his chance, and when he did his chance for power would present itself, Daniel hadn’t always been Selah’s protector, in some lives she had chosen differently, and in this life the creator had opened a door to endless possibilities for Caleb…he would be wise and play it safe for a while. If she became his…he would be the most powerful guard, and he would be able to change things, he just had to wait for the exact right moment…he would get what he wanted…


Chapter 6/Life really sucks

 Selah felt exhausted when the alarm woke her the next morning, she remembered Caleb and all he had taught her, she must have been with him for a long time because she felt as if she had only slept an hour or so. She pulled herself from under her covers, and mindlessly got under the spray of hot water in the shower, as she slowly felt her body wake. She hoped she would hear from her dad soon, her mom’s test would tell them how bad it truly was, and maybe she could make a complete recovery after rehab
-----*****-----
Peter arrived at the hospital having stayed at the lodge; it was an inexpensive place for anyone with a family member in the hospital. He had met a few different people last night in the dining room a husband, his wife dying of cancer and a couple their daughter had been born with a heart defect. He felt hopeful that Diana would recover… she was in much better shape than some… Eve had even been tolerable, being pleasantly quiet instead of droning on incessantly.
He had stopped at Tim Horton’s and picked up a large coffee, he had been living off the stuff since Friday night…she had her eyes closed, sleeping he thought. Eve stayed with her, as Peter sauntered over to the nurse’s station to inquire about her night.
When he spotted a petite nurse in her late twenties, “Hi my wife is Diana Jones in 410, I was just wondering how her night was, nothing serious happen right?” offering a smile as he sipped his coffee.
The nurse named Leslie, by her badge, suddenly looked anxious; she looked down on a chart ignoring Peter.
“Excuse me. I’m inquiring for my wife, Diana Jones room 410.” He let the anger linger in his words.
She glanced quickly at him “The Doctor will be in soon.” She rose and went to the back of the nurses’ station dismissing him.
Peter frustrated by her answer stared at her back for a minute before going back to her room…what did that mean, hadn’t she had a good night?
Peter went back to sit beside Diana, she seemed fine, or at least unchanged from when they had left her the night before. He sipped his coffee not wanting to alarm Eve to the nurse’s response. Diana was as unchanged as when they had left, it looked as if she had never moved all night, and he felt cramps squeeze his guts tight. He rose and barely made it to the washroom, something wasn’t right. 
As he entered the hospital room again after his sudden exit, Eve gave him a troubled look, he never met her eyes. He automatically said he had been drinking too much coffee, as Eve settled back in her chair, accepting his response.
They hadn’t been there fifteen minutes when Peter saw the Doctor arrive at the nurse’s station, his stomach began to pain him once more, he watched as the doctor sat and looked over some patients chart, Peter began to say a silent prayer.
Dr. Timmins hated this part of his job, he looked over the patients chart, it was out of his hands, they didn’t need to go forward with the CAT scan, the MRI spelled it out very clearly, and he had to tell her family.
As he entered her hospital room he saw the look of despair on the husband’s face, he most likely suspected the worse, it still didn’t make his job any easier, Peter, his name was Peter, “Mr. Jones I have the results from the MRI, Diana had yesterday,” he spoke softly. 
Peter looked up at his face, and knew his suspicions were correct but had to ask anyway, “I thought we would only get the results after both test.” Desperately hoping it would show different results.
“I looked over the MRI and there’s no need for both test, your wife, Diana has a very large brain tumour in her left occipital region, it’s location is what has cause her stroke, I’m afraid there isn’t a whole lot we can do to help her, the nurses found her completely nonresponsive last night when they tried to give her meds by mouth. I’m afraid she’s already passed the point…it’s actually a miracle that she has made it this long…the size of her tumour is immense, she must have been having headaches for quite some time…
Peter heard Eve sobbing silently in the corner, he felt as if he was hearing her in another room, they were wrong…his Di would recover…he stumbled towards her still form on the bed… “Diana baby, it’s me, wake up you can hear me, I’m right here…just wake up, show him that everything is going to be just fine…he’s wrong please Diana, please wake up.” 
Dr. Timmins felt his heart break as Peter kept trying to wake up Diana, he gave him all the space he could, the minutes passed until Peter finally gave up spent, somewhat accepting the inevitable…
“Peter, I have arranged for you both to be transported back home by ambulance, her time left is short, she most likely won’t wake, you should call the family, it’s better to have a strong support group in times like these…
Peter was numb, Diana was his support, no one else, and he said nothing as the tears streamed down his face…
Eve clutched his shoulder, “I make all the phone calls ok Pete, don’t worry about anything,” she had found a moment of strength.
------*****------
Selah heard her name announced on the loud speaker at school, she was to report to the office immediately. She walked down the corridor, it felt like the longest walk of her life; her instincts were screaming at her, something wasn’t right. When she finally
reached the office door and saw Jacob sitting in a chair, before the secretary’s desk, her heart fell.
Jacob turned and saw Selah; his eyes welled up with tears. The principal stepped out of his office and ushered them in. “I’m afraid it’s not good news your aunt Eve called they want you both at the hospital right away, your mom’s not doing well…”
Selah resisted the urge to leave immediately, as her every breath was telling her to run, she forced herself to listen to everything he said, staying calm for Jacob.
“…you two take all the time you need, I’ll contact all your teachers, and perhaps you have some friends who could bring any missed assignments.”
Selah politely asked him if they could go see their mom now, she robotically walked to the car, and drove to the hospital, praying it was all a mistake the whole way.
When she found her mom’s room, it was deathly quiet; her dad was holding her hand unaware of their presence. Her mom looked as if she were sleeping peacefully. 
Jacob bawled and held onto her tightly, becoming the little boy he had been so desperately trying to outgrow. Her mom didn’t blink or twitch, her aunt grabbed Selah’s hand, “She in a coma honey, there’s nothing more they can do…she doesn’t have much time left…”
Selah felt herself fill up with rage, towards this women holding her hand… “How can you say that, you don’t know that, she’ll wake up, she’s only 40…she’s too young to die…” as she violently pulled her hand from hers. As soon as the words had left her mouth she wanted to take them back…
Peter couldn’t bring himself to comfort his children, he was lost. The ride home in the ambulance had let him sink into a self-pitying despair, he only was aware of his own pain and  burning desire to just drink it all away… 
They all remained together, all was very solemn in the room, the local priest stopped and gave Diana her last rights, then around supper time Diana took her last breath and passed rather peacefully, seemingly in no pain…it was the smallest of comforts…
Selah felt like a silent ball of fury…this wasn’t supposed to happen…She was supposed to have her mom around to talk to, to lean on…
The Jones men looked identical, lost in thought oblivious to anyone other than themselves…they all slowly made their way home, all together but separate.

Daniel had been trying to get a hold of Selah, he tried one more time hoping thing were alright…
Selah heard her phone ring, she had shut it off out of respect, at the hospital. She answered woodenly, “Hello?”
As soon as he heard her voice Daniel knew things weren’t ok. “Selah, hi, it’s me, Daniel, how are things?”
Selah looked at her dad as he poured himself another straight up whiskey, trying to drown himself in the bottle, her aunt Eve was on the phone frantically making arrangements for the funeral…the only one even slightly aware of what was really happening. She wanted to just crawl into some hole somewhere and pretend it was all a nightmare…
“Selah, are you there?” Daniel wished he could reach thru the phone to her. “I’m coming over ok, I’ll be right there.”
Selah mumbled something that was barely legible and hung up the phone, she grabbed her coat and went outside and sat on the porch, it was bitter cold out, she didn’t mind though… she was just grateful to actually feel something. She wondered why she had come outside…something told her she was waiting for someone…
He found her there a few minutes later, her lips blue, her fingers were numb, and she was completely unaware of where she was… as if she wasn’t even there…
He brought her inside, rubbing her hands trying to warm her up, and let her blood circulate. It was eerily quiet, he saw a blanket thrown over the back of the couch, he took off both their jackets, he wrapped her in his arms and covered them both, as he began to rock her gently…he wondered what had happened, why she was like this…
Selah whispered two words, “She’s gone…”
Daniel said nothing, he understood, the tears rolled down his face, as they held each other, rocking slowly…
The few days following Diana’s death were a blur in Selah’s memory she was somewhat aware of Daniel never leaving her side, the funeral had been extremely difficult it seemed to bring the reality of the whole situation crashing down like a ton of bricks, her dad had been nursing a bottle as if it was a life line, he had distanced himself more and more…while Jacob had become cold and withdrawn…they were all dealing with their grief differently.
Tracy had been a steadfast pillar and seemed the only one whom Jacob confided in…Selah had felt the same about Daniel, they hadn’t said much, it was an unspoken understanding between them, he knew when she was ready it would all come out.
The endless amount of mourners at Diana’s funeral told Selah how much she wasn’t the only one who thought her mom was amazing, they all hugged her sending her sympathies as if it would take the pain away, she wanted to scream at the top of her lungs that this couldn’t be happening… but a little voice in her head held her back, together. 
Daniel watched as Selah went thru the motions at the funeral, he could feel how frustrated she was…her dad had completely checked out, Daniel wanted to punch him in the face… hoping he would wake up and be there for his children. He said nothing knowing grief was terrible for everyone, and not every dealt with it the same. If it had been Selah in that coffin he would probably be worse off than Peter…
Selah hadn’t been to school in over a week, she had been having nightmares about the whole thing, she could picture her mom in the coffin being eaten by different bugs and all sorts of creepy crawly things. She had woken up and cried uncontrollably into her pillow until she had no tears left. She was just coming to terms with the fact that her mom was gone and wouldn’t be around for any of the important things, prom, and graduation. If she had children she wouldn’t even have anyone to ask when they had their first teeth, or took their first steps and walked. She had so much more to learn from her, she was so angry now she resented all these people who still had a mom and constantly complained about it, she makes me clean my room, she’s always on my case about something, and Selah would have given her right arm to hear her mom complain about anything, life just wasn’t fair anymore.
Daniel had helped her so much he knew exactly what she was going thru; it was rewinding time for him though, it had brought back so many painful memories, when his dad had been sick. He had been her rock ,she leaned on him constantly, at the funeral he had never left her side Selah had wished she could of just hidden herself away and not faced anyone, she hadn’t even known what to say to people at the wake as they hugged her and mumbled words she could barely understand she thought they were saying one thing until Daniel had clarified they were expressing their sympathies, she had been telling everyone “And you too,” thinking it was a good response to whatever they were saying. 
Daniel had written her the nicest letter; he had dug down deep into his own suffering and tried to make her see all she had already received from her mom, and how it had helped to mold her into who she was today. It had made her cry; she had tucked it under her pillow and took it out to read in the moments of utter sadness. She was so grateful to have him, she wondered if some higher power had given him to her as he took away her mom, as a consolation prize of something.
 She had no interest whatsoever in her studies or anyone at school, she had kept in contact with Thomas, and he had come to visit a few times. She had found it extremely awkward; the tension between Daniel and Thomas was so thick at times you could cut it with a knife.
 It was getting old fast, she understood that Thomas was protective of her, and Daniel, well Daniel had stepped into the role of her protector from the very beginning. If left to choose Daniel would win hands down, he had an uncanny ability to make her feel light as air.
Daniel had even told her how she had made the badminton team, and the coach had given them permission to go practice in the evenings at school. Selah was very glad to put everything she had into each game, she had been having a lot of trouble sleeping, she still had visions of her mother in her coffin, creepy crawly things all over the place… well needless to say sleep was long coming after that…she had begun to bring Gunner in bed with her, he own personal protector, too bad he sounded as if he was cutting wood all night.
After her first night playing badminton with Daniel, she felt physically tired for the first time, as she lay in bed, her thoughts drifted to everything that had happened in the past few weeks. She suddenly remembered Caleb, he had told her recently deceased souls went to the parallel, and she knew she had to find him, she had to know…
She had a lot of difficulty relaxing, she tried desperately with no results, finally she slowed her breathing and imagined each part of her body separately letting go. She was drifting as she imagined herself at the beach where they had sat and talked. The beach materialized before her eyes, but Caleb wasn’t there…she went to her swing set in the park, still no Caleb, she began to panic now, she had forgotten to meet him, he was gone.
Selah jumped from one location to another, searching for Caleb…she decided to go to her favorite spot, she saw all the million lights…she had found her mom`s dreams before, maybe she could again without Caleb.
Daniel floated high above her, he was so high even if she looked up she wouldn`t recognize him. His heart was breaking for her as he watched her search endlessly…
Selah saw one star it was calling her to it …she thought of only one thing…her mom.
Selah was outside her house, it was a beautiful day, her mom’s gardens were blooming here already, the dazzling colors and smells filled Selah`s senses, she would be here she just knew it.
 She saw that all the flowers were in bloom even the ones that bloomed in different seasons, all the lilies she so loved, the Orientals, with their intense aromas, even the daffodils and tulips. The hydrangeas and spirea along with the euonymus shrubs, the thyme, and dragon`s blood sedum. She had never seen anything so beautiful, as she headed toward the side of the house, to the koi pond.
She remembered the spring her mom and dad had worked endlessly digging to put the pond in, she had been obsessed, with koi fish, saying they had magical powers, she had read it somewhere. By the end of summer she had delicately infused the pond with five of them, one black with a  blue sapphire back, one a pale pink, another with a bright yellow head and last but not least the orange and pale blue one.
They were very shy and you had to sit on the rock next to the pond for a long time before they felt safe and ventured out. If they caught any kind of movement they would dash under a plant out of sight. Selah had never had too much patience to sit there, waiting.
There she was as still as could be staring into the pond, Selah felt her heart fill with joy at seeing her mom again; she looked just as she always did, before the stroke. She slowly crept towards her, intend on not scaring the fish, she could see them swimming from plant to plant, nibbling on something.
She noticed how her mom was just as bright as all her flowers, full of life and color, she tripped and realized her mom hadn`t noticed. She had to talk to her, she missed her so much…she sat next to her on the rock, it was as if she wasn`t there he mom hadn`t taken her eyes off the pond.
Selah said her name repeatedly, her mom was completely unaware of Selah`s presence next to her. Selah then did something she couldn`t resist, she grabbed a hold of her hand, and prayed for her mom to see her.
Diana had been watching the fish; she was very content it was so peaceful here. She felt something pulling her, her hand felt as if it were burning hot. She glanced down and saw another hand holding her`s, confusion clouded her thoughts…what was going on?
Selah let her tears flow unrestricted, she had found her…her mom turned towards her she looked through her not seeing…
Selah took her other hand and brushed her cheek lightly “Mom can you hear me, it’s Selah, it’s me mom.” 
Diana felt as if she were waking from a drugged sleep, Selah was with her she saw…”Selah honey what are you doing here? How did you find me?” Selah hugged her tightly never wanting to let go, Diana spoke softly, “don’t worry honey everything is
going to be fine, you’ll see. Remember that pretty quilt you helped me sew that belonged
to your grandmother? All the pretty colors that were intertwined in the fabric, it was so beautiful. Do you remember Sel?”
Selah couldn’t figure why her mom was talking about that old thing, she wanted to ask her so much…
“Just different kinds of threads, it’s truly amazing what you can create with different thread, don’t you agree. There’s so many different patterns, don’t worry Selah your strong, you’re going to make your very own quilt, so much more beautiful than that one…your so talented, everything I did was for you…”
Selah tears dried on her cheeks, why wouldn’t she stop talking about that, “Mom, I need you and dad and Jacob too…dad’s drinking and I can’t even talk with him, everything is so messed up since you left…”
Selah saw her mom’s expression go blank as if she didn’t understand or hear her, her arms went limp and she began staring endlessly in the pond again…Selah felt her frustrations rising she wanted to shake her awake…she twisted her body so she faced her head on, just as she was about to grab her by the shoulders to shake the life out of her…
She felt everything ripple and her view changed dramatically, as Caleb stood before her mad as hell, “What the hell do you think you’re doing, are you freaking crazy!”
Selah confused that things had changed so quickly, ignored him trying to go back to her mom, her legs seemed glued to the ground. “Let me go Caleb, you don’t understand my mom just died, I have to be with her…let me go,” as she struggled to get herself free.
“Did you listen to nothing I told you, or are you just plain stupid? Yeah that must be it,” he noticed his words were hitting a nerve as she was getting pissed at him.
“I’m not stupid you ass, maybe you didn’t hear me MY MOM JUST DIED, can you understand that, she’s here I was just with her.” If she could have reached out and punched him she would have knocked him flat, she was so furious.
He shook his head slowly, “Oh yeah that’s right and you two were having a great conversation about what to cook for supper right, she confirmed that you were gonna grow up and be a big girl now…” he looked disgusted with her.
Selah stopped struggling her emotions suddenly crushing her as she crumpled to the ground, “She was there I saw her, she held me for a minute, please let me see her again, Caleb, please.”
Caleb knelt down beside her, “It’s not the same, Selah it will just hurt you more, the woman you were with is just like a memory of her, there’s no future there, just pain. You have to let her go; it’s for the best, trust me on this.”
It felt to Selah as if her mom had died all over again, she wished, she wished she didn’t feel so alone…she felt Caleb’s hold on her vanish. She saw her room appear, she was on her bed, she then concentrated hard closing her eyes, when she opened them she saw Daniel sitting on the side of her bed, and he had his arms open. She crawled into his waiting embrace.
Caleb felt her discard him like dirty laundry, he followed her trail, and watched as she called Daniel to her…he watched Daniel comfort her while he slowly seethed with jealousy. Their time was limited; he would make sure of that.


Chapter 7/Numb & tingly

Selah’s first day back to school was terrible. People seemed afraid to look her in the eye as if she had a contagious disease or something…if only Daniel were with her, things would be so much easier. Thomas followed her everywhere; she had even had to physically stop him from entering the girl’s washroom.
He hadn’t even realized what door she was going in, he was talking so much. He had helped distract her, so for that she was grateful. He had done their project alone and told the teacher that Selah had helped him before her mom had died, and so she had gotten full credit for it. He had copied all his notes for the class they shared together, and had gotten her notes from her other classes. So she wasn’t very far behind, not that she particularly cared.
She went thru the motions of the day, mindlessly wishing the minutes away, as she walked the corridor heading to another class she stumbled into Tiffany Russell, “Hey Selah, I’m so sorry about your mom, are you ok?” she asked sweetly.
Selah mumbled she was, “Ok, thanks for asking.”
“I saw Dave had your name back on the schedule, are you sure you’re ready to come back, you still look so sad, I can cover for you, I really don’t mind you know.” Selah saw she was truly sincere.
“No, that’s ok Tiff, I need the distraction I find it’s harder when I just sit around and think about it, I’m hoping the busier I am, the easier it will get,” not to mention her dad just got into a drunken stupor every night after work, she thought.
Selah never noticed as Colby Hansen came up behind her, he touched her shoulder lightly, trying to get her attention. She turned surprised by the physical contact, her reaction eminent on her face.
“I’m really sorry about your mom, Selah, it’s so sad, my mom knew her, she was talking about her the other day, and they hung out in school, maybe we could too sometimes,” he titled  his head emphasizing his words, as he lifted his hand bringing it to his ear, his fingers shaped like a phone, “give me a call.” He rubbed her shoulder, trying to comfort her.
Words had all leaked out of her brain, had Colby just asked her out? She must have been imagining it all. Tiffany had heard it all, she stood on her tip toes pretending to smell Selah. “I don’t know what you got girl, but they obviously like it, first the cute one at the café and now Colby, if you ever figure it out, maybe think about sharing your recipe.”
 But Selah was just as dumbfounded as she was.The rest of the day speed up some as Selah began wondering what she did have, and why the sudden interest in her. She told Thomas afterschool, he remained quiet not commenting, so she dropped it, maybe she was making something out of nothing.
Selah walked to her car and saw Jacob was waiting for her looking sullen. As they got in she reached over and grabbed his hand, “We are gonna be alright, you know, it will get better with time.”
“I don’t want to forget her, it scares me,” he stared out the windshield. “Remember she had taped all those bed time stories when I was little, when she worked late and couldn’t 
be there to tuck me in. I have been listening to them every night until I fall asleep, I want to remember the sound of her voice, and it seems like she’s there with me.
Selah shook her head trying to hear her mom’s voice in her head, her tone the way she said each word, it was fading already, “Can I come listen with you?” not caring how childish it would be.
Jacob grinned slightly, “Yeah I would like that” he paused as if deep in thought “Selah, do you feel like we lost both, mom and dad?”
He had said it so innocently, but he had revealed what Selah had been so afraid to admit…her dad had withdrawn in himself; he went to work, ate and slept but hadn’t comforted either of his children, he had hardly spoken a word to them. It seemed as if he had died with her. 
“Yeah” Selah whispered, he was going thru the same hell as her… “We will be there for one another ok, Jake, for mom ok, maybe Dad will come around eventually, but if you need anything, come see me promise.”
Jacob agreed, “Selah there’s some things that I don’t think I could talk to you about, I mean your my sister…” he hesitated “do you think I could talk with Daniel?”
Selah felt her affections for Daniel warm her instantly upon hearing his name, “I’ll ask him, but I’m sure he won’t mind Jake, actually he’ll probably like it, he has no brothers or sisters and after he met you he said he wished he had some.”
Jacob’s eyes brightened immediately as he thought of having Daniel as a big brother, “Thanks Selah, I’m really glad you’re not butt ugly and managed to snare Daniel into your web.” 
Selah punched Jacob hard in the shoulder, “What do you think I am some sort of spider, you better take that back, I haven’t asked him yet.” She lifted her eyebrows daring him to continue.
Jacob laughed, “Sorry I just couldn’t resist that one.”
She turned back facing the road, he was joking around it felt good to hear him laugh, he would be alright, they both would be… eventually.

-----*****-----

Selah had her first shift back to work that night, she fumbled with orders as if it was her first time working. She had the tables tonight, and it was a good crowd, Emma Scot was the other girl working with her. Selah didn’t know her too well, but had heard a lot about her, she hoped most of it wasn’t true. If they were she had quite the reputation with the boys, and enjoyed drinking and doing drugs, but it wasn’t for Selah to judge, and she liked her. She was funny and had a quick wit, and liked to guess what was going on with each customer.
As Selah went behind the counter fixing a coffee for a table, Emma, came behind her and whispered “Hey the couple at table 2, I bet he’s married and that’s his squeeze on the side, when you go over there look at his left hand, you can still see the marks from when he took his wedding ring it off, and look he can’t stop touching her…horny toad” she snorted.
Selah looked at the couple, she was right he kept reaching under the table trying to rub her thigh; the girl looked dumber than a box of nails. Batting her eyelashes, her face so coated with makeup it was greasy looking, like a piece of Kentucky fried chicken, but she was completely enamoured with the creep.
She finished the order and headed to the table hearing the bell ring from the door, someone else had arrived. She caught the movement out of the corner of her eyes, they sat at a table. As she gave the love birds their order and made her way to the new customer at one of her tables.
Daniel had seen her, and sat down waiting patiently it had been a long day…he had spent all of the past week with her, being without her all day had been difficult to say the least…
When Selah saw it was Daniel, she automatically bent down and kissed him, lingering on his mouth. “I’m so glad to see you; you’re like a breath of fresh air in this stale joint.”
Daniel was just as happy as her, wishing he could take her out of here and be alone with her, instead he said “Coffee please, does your boss ever let you have a break around here?”
Selah glanced at the clock on the wall, “I haven’t been here long enough yet maybe in about ½ an hour I can have one, do you think you’ll still be here?” her eyes betraying her anxiousness at him staying just for her.
“I’ll drink 10 pots of coffee if I have to,” he answered “You might have to scrape me off the walls though,” he winked at her.
“That would be my pleasure, I think I even have my scraper with me” she teased him feigning to look in the pockets of her apron for a scraper.
Daniel playfully patted her rear, “Get me that coffee woman!” in his best cave man voice.
Selah still smiling, so glad he had showed up, she made Daniel’s coffee knowing exactly how he liked it. Emma came up behind her again having had watched their display of affection…”I underestimated you, Selah,  you got yourself a little something, something going on, you go girl!” as she snapped her finger and shook her head back and forth as if she were ghetto, clearly impressed by Selah’s choice of company.
Time zoomed by as she waited for her break, as soon as Emma said she was fine Selah flew to the table and grabbed Daniel by the wrist and pulled him out towards the back door. As soon as they were out of sight of everyone she wrapped herself around him, as if she were the skin and him the sausage. 
Daniel surprised by her sudden unbridled emotions, slowly began peeling her off him, “Wow Selah, take a breath, slow down.” He only had so much self-control and if she didn’t slow it down…
Selah wanted to feel every inch of him, she smelled his scent, suddenly ravenous for him. She wanted him; she had missed him so much today, knowing she would never tire of Daniel. She guided his hand along her belly, higher to swell of her breasts; she heard his sharp intake of breath. 
What was she thinking… her skin was like silk under his fingers, so soft he wanted to touch her everywhere, taste her…? He was losing his senses to her, she was winning, he kissed her neck, and pulled her shirt down slightly exposing her shoulder, he ran soft kisses along her collarbone.
Selah was on fire for him, forgetting time and place, there was only the two of them, nothing else mattered. She heard a sound behind her, it sounded like someone was clearing their throat…it didn’t matter to her, as she felt his chiselled chest beneath her fingers…
Dave had been sitting at his office, his mound of paperwork never disappearing, he had heard voices mumbling, he peeked his head outside the office and was somewhat surprised by what he saw. Selah was instigating some pretty heavy petting with some fellow…he had noticed earlier how she was consumed with grief for her mom, he hoped she didn`t do anything stupid, or rash because of it…he decided it was best if he interfered, she would probably regret her actions, he knew.
“Ahmm,” he cleared his throat again, they barely heard him. 
Daniel pulled her away from him having heard the noise, he had been past the point of no return…almost, he held her at arm’s length, he glanced and saw the disconnected head peeking from the office, feeling embarrassed but glad for the interruption, it was Selah’s boss.
Selah bones had turned to jelly, Daniel was holding her back, she was confused, why had he stopped she was just getting started… he had a grave expression on his face; he tilted his head quickly motioning for her to look behind her. She turned not understanding…as the realization hit her she backed away as if he had a contagious disease. “I’m sorry, Mr. Stuart I was on break and forgot you were still here…I…it won’t happen again”
Dave saw how embarrassed she was, “You’re damn straight it won’t! He won’t be allowed in here if it does… I think you should take it easy there Selah, you were trying to swallow that boy whole.” He let his words sink in. He turned to Daniel with an accusatory look, “And you shouldn’t be taking advantage of a young girl like that while she’s grieving…” he hoped Selah wouldn’t go bad on him, know that she had no mother to steer her in the right way, he would have to keep an eye on her, she was such a pretty thing.
Daniel apologized and agreed whole heartedly with him, he wouldn’t let her get the upper hand over him like that again…or at least until she was better…his hands were trembling, if Dave hadn’t been there…he wanted her even more now, his mouth watering thinking about the last few minutes, she had lit a fire in him, he was burning for her…and no words or water would quench it he knew…
When Selah got home after her shift she called Daniel, she was worried, and he had left as soon as they had gotten caught on her break. She hoped he wasn’t disappointed, he had felt so good to her, she was addicted to him, the more she had of him, and the more she wanted.
“Hello” Daniel answered, he had taken a long cold shower, his mom questioning why his face was so flushed when he got home…he feigned not feeling well. If she came on strong like that again…wow she was…his heart beating hard just thinking about her. 
“Daniel, are you angry with me?” her voice distressed.
He felt so much…anger was far from any of it though, “Why would you think that, no not with you, maybe with myself a bit for letting it get that far.” He confessed.
Selah sighed, “I can’t stop thinking about it…if he hadn’t stopped us, Daniel…” letting her feelings take over her, afraid of their depth, “I didn’t want to…stop” 
Daniel felt the same as her, it was overwhelming, “Me neither…he was right Selah, in your condition…I should never have let it get that far, if he hadn’t stopped us I always would of wondered if you were just doing it out of desperation.” As soon as the words were out he regretted saying them, he knew it wasn’t true.
Selah was speechless she hadn’t thought of that, she begun doubting herself. Maybe he was right, why had he felt so good, so right to her she would have done anything for him in those moments.
Daniel noticed how quiet his words had left her, he hated it, she wouldn’t try that again anytime soon…he would just have to relive it in his memories, and they were almost as good as the real thing.
They talked a bit more about nothing important, as Daniel said “Good night, how about you dream about me instead…” leaving the invitation open for her to find him there.
Selah was still thinking about him, she had to change her train of thoughts, she could hear Jacob in his room, thinking of their conversation earlier that day she got up and knocked softly on his door, “You decent, can I come in?” she asked him.
Jacob was sitting on his bed, the old tape recorder plugged into the wall, he looked up at Selah and scooted over, giving her room, they both laid there side by side, Selah held on his hand, as he pressed play.
The room lit up with the sound of their mom, reading the cat and the hat, making the sounds and changing her voice acting as if there were a slew of different characters. They smiled at each other, they were happy upon hearing her voice, but extremely sad knowing that was all they had left of her. 
Selah listened to two stories with Jacob then made him shut it off, wanting to save some for the next night, she crawled back into her bed feeling lost and alone…the tapes had made her mood definitely more somber. She turned on her stomach feeling guilty for what had happened with Daniel, if her mom was still here would she of thrown herself at him with such wanton abandonment? Maybe Dave was right, perhaps she did it for all the wrong reasons.
As Selah relaxed and thought the situation over in more detail, she came to the conclusion that she had to back off some with Daniel before she did something she would regret…but could she regret it? It was Daniel they were talking about…

-----*****-----

She drifted and felt the world shimmer around her; she looked for Caleb wanting to apologize to him for her behavior the night before…
She found him at the beach, lying on the sand, as she approached him he lifted his shoulders balancing on his elbows, “Well if it isn’t Miss. I know everything, come back around to gloat or something?”
 Selah sat down beside him, facing him, “I came to say how sorry I am, and wrong… you were right. What I did was stupid.”
He looked her over surprised she had come to her senses so fast; he thought she would want to try it again. “It’s not that bad, you wanted to try and stop your pain in losing her, I get that, and you’re not the first person to do that.” He empathized with her.
“So you ready to fill that noggin of yours with Intel…” he winked at her flirtatiously. She noticed he was only wearing shorts, nothing else he was even larger than Daniel, but shorter, and stockier but with no fat to his frame, his calves were solid and huge like his arms, and his blond hair was longer than Daniel’s, the wind had blown some of it over his left eye, he had a devilish look in his them which spoke of danger, Selah felt no fear, she just wondered if he would have stopped her if she ravaged him like she had Daniel.
Caleb noticed how intently she looked him over, enjoying all the attention, he decided to tease her, and said “Do you want me to turn around so you can check me out from the back?”
Selah turned not realizing how obvious she had been… “Sorry, for staring.” Her face flushed.
He got on his knees in front of her then sat on his bent legs, not giving her a chance to back off, “If you want to do more than look darling, I’d be more than willing.” His southern drawl emphasized slowly each word.
Selah couldn’t believe his offer, what was happening with her… why was she suddenly a magnet for extremely gorgeous guys, was she showing too much skin? She looked down and saw she had imagined a modest bathing suit with a white sheer cover. She had tied the pattern off without even thinking.
She looked back at Caleb, he was looking at her clearly checking her out now, for a second she was tempted, he was good looking and they were alone…something in her head snapped and she shook off her thoughts, man she was turning into a guy crazy freak…she had Daniel he was more than enough.
“I’ll keep that in mind, but right now I just want to pick you brain, ok.” Hoping he would be satiated with her response.
“No problem, I can deal with that, but if you change your mind…” he grabbed her hand “let me take you to my favorite place.” He felt Daniel watching them, he had to lose him, he slide with Selah, and expertly erased their trail, good luck following us now brother. He looked back just to be sure.
Daniel hadn’t been paying attention, he had been hurt by Selah not thinking of him as she entered the void, after what had happened earlier, and when she looked as if she were attracted to Caleb, well he wanted to go down there and punch Caleb’s smug face into the sand. So when they winked out, his reflexes were slow to react and when he looked for the trail and saw nothing…he became very distraught to say the least.
Selah opened her eyes and found herself on the very top of a mountain, her breath caught in her throat, she froze, she was terrified of heights, she tried not to show her fear, so she squeezed her eyes shut.
“Look down Selah,” she couldn’t she was terrified, Caleb saw her pained expression, he wrapped his arms around her, “don’t worry, I won’t let anything bad happen to you, but you truly can’t miss this.”
Selah slowly opened her eyes a crack, leaning into Caleb so she wouldn’t fall, he was right, it was a huge valley before her, there was a village and the houses looked like  the ones in a monopoly game. The sky seemed to stop a bit below them they were higher than the clouds…her breath was coming in quick, as if the oxygen levels were lower, they were at such high altitudes.
It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen, the sun seemed to be setting on the horizon, she grabbed Caleb’s hands with a death grip, not wanting to let go…”this place here has been undisturbed since the beginning,” he told her just as breathless as she was.
Selah was suddenly cold, Caleb sensed her needs and they were wrapped in a long fur blanket before she had a chance to blink. He brought them down a few hundred feet where the air was better, and she felt safer. “I come here when I just want to be alone.”
Selah looked at him, he was telling the truth he wasn’t just trying to impress her, she looked at her outfit and imagined hiking boots, warm pants and a heavy sweater, tying it off quickly.
Caleb watched her, changing his attire too, “You’re meant for this place Selah you’re such a natural.”
Selah surprised at the compliment he had so innocently showered on her, enjoying it and him too. “How about we talk while we walk down the mountain, hope you’re in good shape, I don’t slow for anyone.”
As she watched him make his way ahead of her, she realized this was why he had huge calves, her’s were beginning to bother her already, he had tight jeans on and his coat barely covered his tight butt as he bent to pick up a walking stick, as he turned around to hand it to her.
Selah felt her cheeks redden again as she had been thinking too much on his butt, Caleb smiled catching her again “Just say the words, darling and I could be all yours for the taking…”
She accepted the stick grateful for the added stability, ignoring his request, she was gonna be sore all over after this hike. Caleb smiled sweetly at her and began talking; she strained to hear him and caught up all at the same time.
“When you were with your mom, did you notice she was only in the past tense?” he asked her, stopping his brisk march.
Selah looking down to see where to put each foot so she wouldn’t break her neck, plowed straight into him, “Yeah I guess so, she kept talking about this old quilt we had sown together. I tried to talk to her about stuff that was happening and she seemed to just shut me out altogether.”
“She was trying to tell you something, maybe her life lessons had something to do with you, I’m surprised you got anything out of her, it’s usually the case, I know when I first came here I did the same as you with my grandpa.” He had a revered look in his eye as he stared off into the distance.
He looked at Selah she was almost out of breath from the short distance they had gone, he grabbed her hand again as everything shifted, again carefully erasing the trail, hoping Daniel hadn’t been waiting  for her.
Selah found herself soaking wet in a giant hot-tub, the steam rising, she released the ties and put her modest bathing suit back on, loving the feel on her now aching muscles. She looked at Caleb and breathed a small silent thank you.
She had looked close to collapsing he didn’t want to wear her out so soon, he had a lot to teach her. “Better? ok let’s get serious now, when you tried to talk to your mom your disrupted a natural process here,”
Selah grabbed his hand remembering what Maria had told her “Oh my god Caleb can Psychics see this place, could they know about it.”
Caleb looked at her thoughtfully, “I don’t know, why you would ask that anyway, what does it have to do with anything?”
Selah gripped the side of the hot tub as the realization sunk in, “My mom and I went to see one, a few weeks before she died, she told my mom her bags were packed and she was going on a long trip, the plans couldn’t be changed, she would sit on a rock contemplating things… I found her on a rock, Caleb, in her garden…just like she said.”
Caleb looked at her, “I suppose, but didn’t she like read your palms or something, isn’t that what they do?”
“She had a bowl of water,” Selah whispered.
“Water, what in the hell did she do with that?” he sounded apprehensive.
“She said she could see our auras, in the water, do you think she could? She was right about other things too.”
Suddenly very curious Caleb asked, “What else came true?”
Selah realized she would have to tell him about Daniel then realized, “she told me I travelled in my sleep left my body and visited places.”
Caleb let out a low whistle, “Wow she actually said that? She’s talented, is that why you started coming here?”
Selah shook her head in response, “I consciously came here for the first time after she told me.”
“Well beautiful, if you see that woman again, thank her for me, if you hadn’t went I would have never met you.”
She looked at him, he was a good guy, and had been really good and patient with her, “I will and I’m glad I met you too, Caleb your very easy to talk to.”
He batted his eyelashes as if flattered, he voice turning feminine “Oh, just stop, your embarrassing me.” He flicked his wrist playfully, Selah started laughing hilariously, he was such a card.
“Knowing you doesn’t suck either…” he looked at her wistfully, wishing for things to be different… “Ok play time’s over, it’s time I teach you something before morning comes or you’ll end up still stupid.” He smiled jokingly.
“Ok Einstein, fill me up with all your overwhelming knowledge.”
He crossed the hot-tub to be closer to her; he put his arm around the rim of the tub behind her head. “Ok no more talk of fortune tellers, remember I told you that when people dream they come here?”
“Yeah, I remember, why?” she wondered.
“Well nightmares are dreams too, and you never want to get caught in one, they can seem so real, you can forget, and if you believe it,” he turned and looked her directly in the eyes, “ If you believe you  get stuck in one, no-one can help you, you become invisible. Remember when I first met you; I followed your trail back to the school, if you’re in a night mare there’s no trail, it owns you, promise me you won’t forget this lesson ok, you have to promise, it might be the most important one I can teach you.”
Selah caught the desperation in his voice, “I promise, I promise, but how will I know I’m in one? Are there signs or something?”
“That’s the problem, the only thing that all nightmares have in common is fear, and if you let it overcome you, it’s almost impossible to get out.” He couldn’t imagine how he would feel if she didn’t listen to him this time, she was…he knew he was actually developing feelings towards her, she had an irresistible way about her.
‘We have been here a long time; don’t forget what I told you tonight, all kidding aside, ok. Maybe we should call it a night, we both are starting to look like dried up prunes.”
Selah smiled agreeing with him, “So where do I find you for my next lesson, any particular place?”
Caleb grinned “The beach, I seem to have a certain affliction for seeing you in a bathing suit.”
Selah punched him playfully, as she focused on her body back in her bed, in light speed she was back there, sleeping sound, totally relaxed after the hot-tub soak.
Selah felt clearer, focused, she had badminton afterschool she would see Daniel and then they would get together tonight, she had decided to slow things down drastically, no more scenes like last night.
As Selah got downstairs she saw her dad sipping coffee, he lifted his eyes from his newspaper, setting it down when he saw her. Jacob was eating cereal, his head bent, loud music coming from his headphones. Selah pulled one out of his ear, sensing her dad was having a breakthrough.
Peter looked at his children; he had been messed up since Diana had fallen ill… “I’m sorry guys…I haven’t been here for you…your mom and I were…”tears filled his eyes. “ I’m gonna be better, stop drinking…I thought it would help with the pain, you know…but everything is just worse…She always did all the talking with you guys…I have a lot of trouble, getting stuff out, but I’m gonna really try to be there for you both…I just miss her so much.” Selah wrapped her arms around her dad, glad he had finally let some of his pain go…Jacob got up and hugged them both, they all stayed like that for a while, crying together…it could only get better from here…they had their dad back, she hoped.
The day passed quickly, Selah was actually competing against another school, She focused it was the best two out of three games, losing her first game made her even more determined to pull ahead in the next two, the girl she played with loved to slam them in the back of the court, Selah was getting quite the workout, she saw Daniel watching her from the side lines.
She struggled but won the second game, winking at Daniel she threw herself wholeheartedly in the last match, turning the tables on her competitor and making her reach instead. She felt good her heart pumping as she pushed her limits. She picked up the last few points easily; she had tired the girl out.
Selah smiled sweetly, “Thanks that was a great game you’re really good.”
Daniel walked over to her “What did you just say that she was really good?”
“Yeah, she was,” Selah grinned mischievously.
“You beat her.” Daniel raised his eyebrows questioning her motives.
“I never told her she was that good.” 
Daniel shook his head at her, “Nice, I never knew you were so modest.” He sarcastically answered.
“Well you know I’m just so sweet, like sugar I melt in the rain,” looking at him innocently as possible.
“I must have been with another girl last night then, because she was hot as a Georgia sun, not too much innocence there.”
Selah remembered, “That was my alter egos…do you like her better?”
Daniel couldn’t believe she asked that, “I like everything about you silly even the way your eyes go all cross, and you stick your tongue out when you’re frustrated.”
“I do not, your making that up,” she was felt flustered all of a sudden; she didn’t do that, did she?
She had another set to play, against a tall lanky girl, who was even taller than her, Selah beat her easily she had trouble as she bent and was extremely clumsy, every time Selah hit it over her head she almost tripped over her own feet reaching for it. As the second game was over, Selah decided no sarcastic remarks this time.
She had a sip of water and soon after another court became free and she was ushered into another set, she was definitely warm now, and a little wet. This was a bit more her speed her opponent knew what she was doing, Selah was getting a bit tired, and she made a few stupid mistakes and found herself on the losing end. She focused and realized she had her tongue stuck out in concentration, oh crap Daniel had been right, it threw her off completely and she lost her first game.
She looked at Daniel on the side lines laughing his head off he had noticed what had happened. She tried to focus and not put her tongue out, put the act of doing both things made her playing suffer, and so she glanced at Daniel stuck her tongue out all the way at him and let her rip. Not caring what she looked like anymore, she wanted to win.
Daniel loved seeing her like this, she was so into the game nothing else mattered this part of her had never changed, she had always been like this, and it was one of the things he loved most about her. He had wondered most of the night what had happened with Caleb and her after they had disappeared, and not being able to ask her was driving him crazy. He had never thought Caleb would sneak off with her; he would have to be way more diligent from now on. 
Selah finished her last game having won all her sets the last one had made her work hard for the wins, but she has risen to the challenge and conquered. She went in the showers her shirt soaked from her efforts, ignoring Daniel hoping he wouldn’t come close and smell her victory on her.
She took her time getting cleaned up, when she emerged there was almost no one left in the gym, Daniel looked at her questioningly, “I was thinking of coming in after you, I thought you had drowned or something,” he teased.
 Selah explained what had happened that morning with her dad, they left the school, picking up a quick supper on the way. Daniel was surprised but glad her dad had finally come to his senses. Daniel had wanted to say something about it, but felt it wasn’t his place.
When they walked in Selah’s house, her dad was sitting in the living room, reading the newspaper and drinking coffee, it was a reassuring site to see. Daniel hadn’t ever been officially introduced to him yet, he walked in and automatically walked over to him and held his hand out, “Hello, Mr. Jones, my mane is Daniel Evans I’m a friend of Selah’s.”
Peter slowly put down the newspaper, as he looked over Daniel he glanced over at Selah; she had a pained expression on her face as if it meant a lot to her, his reaction to Daniel. Peter rose setting the paper down, reaching and taking a firm grip on Daniel hand.
“Daniel nice to finally meet you thanks for helping Selah through all the rough patches.” He glanced at Selah wondering if she approved. He had noticed Daniel here a lot lately, but the alcohol had turned him into a deaf mute. He had been concerned with nothing but himself. Daniel did seem like a responsible fellow, and Selah was obviously enamoured with him, he didn’t remember ever meeting any other boys that she had shown any interest in, Diana hadn’t mentioned any. As his train of thoughts shifted to Diana he became somewhat atrophied, sitting and staring into space.
Selah walked over sitting on a nearby chair and tried to bring her dad out of his funk, “How was your day dad, everything alright?” he was still staring into space, he blinked and realized she was talking to him.
“What was that honey, sorry I didn’t hear you?” as he focused on Selah.
“Just asking how you day was, that’s all? 
“It was alright, I got this knew acct. so it’s been keeping me really busy, oh and I was thinking, I might start playing the guitar again. I need something to keep me busy at night, they’re the worse.”
Daniel stepped into the conversation, “You play, what kind? Acoustics, electric, bass, I have been playing since I’m thirteen, it would be great to jam sometimes.”
Peter’s eyes actually lite up a bit, “seriously you play that would be awesome, I really like rock and roll, and I used to play both, electric and acoustic, when I had to keep it down, the noise I mean. Let me practice some before we get together ok, got to make some calluses on my fingers.”
Selah was surprised in one way but in another not, Daniel was a perfect fit for everyone in her family. She stared at Daniel her heart filling with joy, as she remembered to ask him about Jacob. Daniel excused himself from Peter, saying their food was getting cold; he grabbed Selah’s hand and they went into the kitchen.
Selah grabbed her food and sat at the table, “Daniel, thanks for that with my dad, he looked happy for a second.”
Daniel held her pinky finger rubbing it, “I meant that Selah I love playing, when I hurt my leg I played a lot, it helped to make the time go faster. It will help your dad a lot, just having something else to think about.”
“I have a big favor to ask you, It’s about Jacob he wants to spend some time with you, it’s about hockey and personal stuff he says he can’t talk to me about.  Do you think you could fit him in somewhere, ya I know we’re all pretty needy.” She bit her lip, hesitantly hoping he would have time, even though she truly didn’t want to share him.
“That’s no problem I already had planned on spending some time with him, I talked to him earlier,” Daniel said. “I was thinking when you go to work; I could help Jacob with his hockey and your dad with his guitar playing. I mean I’m sure your boss will be glad if I don’t show up distracting you, he did warn me. And I wouldn’t want to be responsible for you losing your job, right?” he smiled his sweetest smile, and looked at her with puppy dog eyes.
Selah knew this was a lot for Daniel to take on along with his coaching duties, and other things. She felt as if she were taking advantage of him and he would soon wake up and head for the hills, full speed ahead. “Daniel, you are slowly becoming the glue that’s keeping my family together are you sure you’re up to it, I mean I feel as if I’m asking too much from you?”
“No I’m more than happy too, you guys are like my extended family…” he paused momentarily ”since my dad died, I have spent a lot of time alone…my mom works a lot and I’m actually really enjoying the company, I feel important when I’m with you guys. Well you more than them… but that only because you’re so freaking cute…and irresistible.” He began tickling her under her arms, and breathing down her neck giving her cold chills and a severe case of the giggles.
Selah wiggled and squirmed trying to get away from his probing hands, she was ticklish like crazy, who knew? He knew more about her than she did, and he was always ready to be there for her, and now her family. She attempted to return the favor and tried to tickle him back she poked and prodded him to no avail, growing frustrated , he leaned over and told her where he was ticklish, Selah turned red and said she would eventually tickle him…she just wasn’t that brave enough yet.
They settled in the living room and watched a sappy chick flick, Selah found herself crying and glanced over at Daniel and saw tears in his eyes also…she was so surprised that he wasn’t hiding his sensitive side. She reached over and kissed each of his eyes, tasting his tears. 
She knew she was falling deeply and endlessly in love with Daniel, the more she learned about him… the more she let herself fall. He had helped immensely with the hole in her heart from losing her mom, as he filled another whole she hadn’t even realized she had.


Chapter 8/What’s your sign?

She found herself again reaching out for Caleb as her heart was healing from her mom’s death she was thirsty for knowledge of the parallel world she frequented. He was again on the beach, a bit more modest this time with a shirt on and longer shorts…Selah was slightly disappointed but relieved too… she shouldn’t be thinking of someone else when she had Daniel.
Caleb waved her over he had made a fire and was staring into the flames. “Hey glad you made it tonight; we haven’t had much chance to talk so tonight I hope your brain is powered up, because I have a lot of information to pass on to you.”
Selah sat down cross legged before him and rested her chin against her left hand, elbow on her knee, as if she were enraptured with him, waiting patiently for him to begin.
“So I told you about how this place came about, and about dreams and nightmares. You also know a little about souls, I’m going to tell you a bit more about them now, there are a few different kinds of souls, the last time we met and you mentioned the fortune teller. Well it made me realize I should explain in detail how she got a glimpse of this place; the more I thought about it the more it sort of fit all together.” He sat comfortably as if he wouldn’t be moving for a while. Selah took the hint and lay down in the sand on her side with her head propped up on her hand.
“There are souls signs made of fire, earth, water, air and lastly there’s some made of sulfur. Your personality and soul are directly connected, that’s where astrology fits in also, all the signs that people are born under follow the same properties, Virgo’s for instance in the astrological signs is an earth sign and a Virgo will be drawn to the earth to plant or to have something rooted to nature. Pieces are a water sign and they will be drawn to work or live close to water, their personality will be easy going also free flowing like?”
“Water” Selah answered.
“You understand then, like in the real world we see forces of nature everywhere, the elements that make up each soul are found in all walks of life and are needed for us to survive, so it would make sense how it’s what makes us also, a fire soul will have a tendency to have a short fuse and will lead with emotions. They might always need to be the brightest in the room an attention seeker, an air sign goes with the flow being able to be completely independent of others, just moving in an out doing their thing and remain unnoticed. That’s also why some people are more compatible, an earth sign would be great with water or air sign but what do you think would happen if they got with a fire sign?”
Selah thought about it for a second and mentally pictured a forest fire “they would burn them up?”
“Well sort of, an earth sign is all about peace keeping and helping people, a fire sign like to get pumped up about themselves, a bit selfish perhaps, what sign would go well with fire?’
She thought about all the signs he had said, “Air maybe?”
“Yeah that’s it air feeds a fire they would work well, water would eventually put a fire out, water would do well with earth and air both,” Caleb again played unconsciously with the sand as he spoke.
“So fire signs sound like a pain in the ass!” Selah exclaimed.
Caleb chuckled, “Some probably are but they are also, extremely positive and great motivators, nothing makes you haul your ass like a fire under it, they’re also very passionate, so not  bad at all.”
“You mention another element that doesn’t seem to fit well with the others Sulphur you said, what kind of soul is that?” Selah wondered.
“A soul with its energy stemming from sulfur is a troubled soul, souls that are violent, there’s some everywhere, and they’re tortured, demonic and definitely damned. The world wouldn’t be complete without them; there must always be a balance in the energies. I’m not saying that an elemental soul cannot be evil, it can have evil tendencies, we all can, but a sulfur soul goes against its true nature if it tries to do well.”
‘Wow this stuff it pretty deep,” Selah commented, thinking about some people she knew, their sign easily discerning.
“Now there’s another soul, this soul doesn’t fall in the five elements it’s a dark soul or spirit, they aren’t very many, but they are extremely dangerous, they can be cunning and you won’t even know they are there, but when they strike, chances are it’s always fatal. Whether they are in the real world or here, all these type of souls are accessible.”
“All souls can have a bit of darkness in them but the dark soul are the opposite with no of light at all, they are here to torcher and torment other souls they derive great pleasure from others pain, serial killers are dark souls. Most likely a soul will not survive an encounter with one of these souls. They are cunning and loners; they have no remorse and feed off of other souls, taking their energy in as power.”
“There is a chance you could come across any of these souls here, so far you have met no resistance, but like anything the more you come here the stronger you become and the more power you have…”
“The more I will attract right?” asking and hoping she was wrong.
“I’m afraid so Selah, power attracts power, and so on…we will attract what we need. It’s how we are made to survive and achieve in this world and any world, if we strive to attain a goal then the more we focus and imagine and work for it, the chances are greater we will reach it. But if we just say we want something but aren’t willing to take the risk and work for it our chances of reaching our goals are much less. There are souls here just waiting for the right opportunity to come along, to turn another soul to their own advantage.”
“So are we good with all this any questions?” Caleb asked itching to continue, he was really getting somewhere tonight with her, he felt her open to him, trusting each word.
“No, no questions, keep going… this stuff fascinate me,” she honestly replied.
“Now that you understand what souls are made of the next part will make more sense, when we are here we can actually manipulate the elements are souls are made of. For instance when you use your energy to change your clothing here you’re doing that in a minut form. It uses small amount of energy that is the glowing you saw when you tied off the thought, you gave it a physical state by pulling and releasing it and then you stabilized it like I told you before, its child’s play really, there’s much more complicated things that can be done.” She watched as he lifted his hands and small threads of glowing energy flowed from his fingers they resembled a weave of many different lines as she watched them form into a thick ropes of energy, which pushed the waters of the ocean, 
Selah watched as it lifted the waters up making a solid wall, she thought of Moses from the bible immediately and the Red Sea parting as they escaped from Egypt.
Caleb looked at Selah her jaw had dropped open and she was amazed by his feat. He grinned; liking her reaction, she was impressed.
Selah realized immediately what sign Caleb was “You an air sign, you threw up a wall of air to move the water, right?”
Caleb was the one impressed now, he lost his concentration and the wall fell creating huge waves in its wake…she was incredible she had taken it all in understanding more than he imagined, when he had been explained all of this he had to ask questions and had to have a few lesson to begin to put it in practical use, she already knew what sign he was…could it be?  Was she slowly melting his icy surface?
Selah asked him again, “Are you an air sign?” she wondered about herself she was born an earth sign but she had tendencies in all the other signs too it was confusing.
Caleb suddenly flustered by her presence answered her abruptly, “Yeah, I am an air sign, you have me figured out. Putting that much energy into my weave has tired me out some, how about we continue our lesson some other night, maybe next time we can work on you projecting your energy outwardly.”
Selah was disappointed in his abrupt departure she barely got out when they would meet again and where, when he disappeared suddenly. She sat on the beach thinking of all the information he had given her. She played with making small things appear in her hand, she made a ball of light no bigger than the tip of her finger, she watched as it floated, hovering in her palm. She kept in for a full minute, she stopped focusing on it and it disappeared instantly with her thought.
She got up and walked to the water edge, she imagined her hand as the shape of a cup, she bent down and scooped up a hand full of water, she looked to see if it would drip from the cracks her fingers made but the water took the form she imagined, it looked as if she had an invisible cup holding the water in her hand. 
Selah walked back to where her and Caleb had been sitting, the fire was still burning, red ambers sizzling, slowly she poured her cup full of water on the fire, she sat down in front of the fire again, she stared at the smoking ruins of fire, she imagined the wood as dry as hay and pictured the flames licking the wood, she watched as the water slowly sizzled away, and then the colors changing from yellow to orange to a bluish, the flame crackling the wood once again, as if no water had been poured onto it just seconds before.
She had just used two types of energy, she felt mentally tired from the small amount of work she had done and it wasn’t anything close to what Caleb had done, no wonder he had went back home. As she thought about it she realized she had never even asked anything personal of Caleb, like where he was from or who he was. She would ask sometime she saw him, he was sort of an enigma, and it would take some ingenuity on her part to figure him out.
She let herself return once more to her physical state, as she succumbed to a deep sleep, all her thoughts immobilized for now.
True to his word Daniel, helped out Jacob and her Dad over the next few nights as she worked. Tonight they would spend some time together; they were planning on going out for supper and going to see a movie. It was actually there first official date, as weird as that sounded they had been inseparable for weeks now; Selah was really looking forward to it. 
She became melancholy thinking about what her mom would have said to her regarding this evening, there was so many things she wished she could tell her about. This was some of the most exciting times in her life, she was sure she could of explained the parallel world to her mom, she would have been cool with the whole thing.
Selah often wondered what her mom would say if she knew about Caleb and Daniel. She had always asked Selah about her love interest, secretly Selah knew she was disappointed every time she had told her there wasn’t any, and it was almost like she wanted to live vicariously through Selah.
She dressed slowly putting on a dress her mom had bought her for a semi-formal dance, the year before, it was a few inches above her knees and the skirt was black and free flowing while the top part was white and form fitting. She remembered when she had put it on her mom had said she look like she belonged on a magazine cover, Selah had laughed, as she appraised herself in the mirror she could see what her mom meant, her legs were muscular and lean and seemed to go on forever. 
She usually always wore her hair up but tonight she let it flow down her back, soft curls framing her face, she had braided the left side of her bangs it helped keep them from covering her eyes, she had even applied a bit of makeup some blush and eyeliner and mascara, her mom had shown her when she was fourteen how to apply it subtly, she added the finishing touch of a little dab of gloss on her full lips she rubbed them together softly so it wasn’t too thick.
She could hear the boys talking downstairs Daniel had become a member of the Jones family; she grabbed a small purse she had seen in her mom’s closet. No-one had looked at cleaning out her clothes, or things. Selah knew she wouldn’t touch anything unless her dad asked her too. Besides if she was still here she would have been borrowing stuff from her anyway. Her mom had loved clothes and had lots; Selah knew she would fit in most of her things except her pants, Diana had been shorter.
She found a pair of heels 1 ½ inches tall, suddenly glad Daniel was over 6 feet, she still had to look up to kiss him and could have easily gotten away with taller ones, but they were a bit uncomfortable. She didn’t want to be ungraceful if possible; she headed down the stairs finally ready.
The stairs opened up into the living room as she got to the end she saw the boys who had been strumming the guitars had stopped and were watching her descend slowly, the stillness in the air made Selah nervous as if she had done something wrong. She stopped when no-one said anything.
“What, why isn’t anyone saying anything?” she turned inspecting to make sure she hadn’t tucked her skirt in her underwear or something. Her dad got up and hugged her, “You look beautiful, Selah, just beautiful.”
Jacob just smiled “You clean up pretty good sis.”
Selah eyes searched Daniel’s wondering if he approved of her attire, what she saw there confirmed it and much more, she felt her confidence return to her in spades. She smiled her best smile, as she watched Daniel slowly put down the guitar and walked towards her, “Wow, you look amazing, I definitely have to take you out more often,” as he got close he grabbed her in his arms and whispered, “Looking like that, I don’t want to share you with anyone else.”
Selah wanting to finally be alone with him ushered him out the door, Daniel announced they would take the tercel, her dad had told him to. Selah’s reaction to her dad telling Daniel to take her car, was one of disbelief, but she soon shrugged it off. When Daniel got into the driver’s seat, and Selah got in the passenger’s side it was awkward to say the lease.
“So handsome where are you taking me to eat, Macdonald’s?” she said sarcastically with a grin, teasing him slightly.
Daniel gave her a lop sided grin and in a soft seductive voice said, “It’s to be a surprise my lady.” He started the car, Selah knew instantly he wasn’t accustomed to driving a stick, he was fumbling a lot, and had grinded the gears a bit trying to get it in reverse.
Daniel had only driven a stick shift 3 times in his life he knew the gist of how to do it but had no finesses whatsoever. He glanced at Selah, she was biting her lower lip trying not to comment he noticed, but determined he was and finally he got the car in reverse and slowly released the clutch, the car jerked a bit then took off, he eased his foot off the gas, and backed out of the driveway.
As he got in the street he tried to smoothly put it into first and drive normally, but as soon as he let go of the clutch again the tercel moved forward a few inches and the engine sputtered a bit and then died.
Selah was biting her lip to stop from laughing, she remembered it wasn’t that long ago she was doing the same, but she was screaming inside to just let it her laughter out.
“I think you put it in 3rd by accident” she said as sweetly as possible considering the situation.
Daniel was getting a bit frustrated but was obviously determined to make it work. He switched the lever once again and started the engine, “Thanks” he muttered a bit embarrassed at his inadequacies.
He attempted again to release the clutch, Selah knew, ‘Bessie’ (She had named the car) was temperamental with new drivers; she held her breath and closed her eyes knowing what would happen. Selah felt her body being jerked back and forth as the car tried to take off to no avail. She couldn’t help herself anymore she busted out laughing; she felt tears come to her eyes she was laughing so hard, she looked at Daniel and he was grinning and shaking his head. They heard a horn honking, there was a car behind them waiting for him to make a departure, and Daniel rolled down the window and stuck his hand out motioning for the car to pass them, because clearly he wasn’t going anywhere. 
Selah laughed all the more, the tears were rolling down her face and her sides were hurting. She knew she should stop but she could make herself, she had lost all control.
Daniel was laughing with her this was ridiculous it was like he couldn’t drive, he looked at Selah, he knew this was funny as hell, if he didn’t get going this time he probably wouldn’t be able to stop laughing too, he couldn’t believe he had to wave that car passed him. 
Selah finally regained her breath she had snorted a little from laughing so hard, it had brought her back to reality quickly. Daniel started the car up again.
Selah said “Just ease your foot off the clutch slowly and when you feel the car start to pull ahead, release it and then step on the gas ok.”
Daniel was nervous now as he began to let go of the clutch he could feel his foot shaking, his nerves he supposed, slowly he let it come forward when he felt the car move ahead he did just as Selah had said, he stepped on the gas the car lunged forward at top speed, the engine began revving high.
Selah started laughing again, “Shift, Daniel. Shift into 2nd now!”
As soon as he shifted into second the car went ahead smoothly, and then drove off, Daniel looked at Selah and crossed his eyes in exasperation. 
Selah prayed they didn’t come up to too many stop signs, she had to admit it was making their first date rather enjoyable, for her at least she hadn’t laughed this hard in a long time. She watched him as he concentrated on the road ahead oblivious to her staring he had his eyebrows pinched together; this was causing him some stress she noticed.
Selah felt sympathy towards him “Do you want me to drive?” She asked.
Daniel curtly replied “No I’m fine.” He realized how he had sounded as soon as the words had come out and apologized to her. He reached over and squeezed her hand for a quick second then put it back on the stick shift.
Selah’s feeling hadn’t been hurt at all, she understood where he was coming from, a bit sorry she had laughed so hard at his attempts to move forward and backwards. She settled in and looked out the passenger’s side window enjoying the scenery.
 Daniel began to gear down to slow the car, he was learning fast, she looked and couldn’t believe he was gonna put gas in the car they were at a gas station. “Daniel what are you doing there’s gas in the car already I put 10 in it the other night.”
Daniel grinned sheepishly, “I’m gonna fill her up for ya, your dad gave me some dough to make sure we didn’t run out of gas on some stranded road or something.”
Selah grinned and shook her head “It figures he would think of something like that.” She sat back and watched Daniel as he got out and began pumping gas in the car, she thoroughly enjoyed watching him move, and he had a certain grace that oozed masculinity. And he looked so damn good, she still couldn`t believe he was hers.
He went into the station paying for the gas, he came back out jumped back into the driver’s seat, he turned towards her then said “You better make sure you have you seat belt on, wouldn`t want you going thru the windshield when this thing takes off again.” He had a devilish look in his eye teasing her.
She removed her shoes quickly and then braced both her feet against the dash “Ok I’m ready.” she said.
Daniel glanced at how she had positioned herself and burst out laughing,”Hey it’s not that bad!”
Selah grabbed onto the holy shit handle, that what her dad called the hand bar on the roof, when Selah had been learning how to drive standard. “Next time I’ll remember to bring my bike helmet,” she teased him relentlessly.
Daniel started the car and did what he had done before, except this time he eased into the gas the car rolled off without a hitch as smooth as butter. He smugly looked at her, “Ok smart ass you can put your feet down now, or I WILL bring you to MacDonald for supper.”
Selah looked at him innocently, “I do love nuggets,” with a two years old grin, “I really lick dipping them, and the toys!”
“Ok, you have to be a big girl now!” he laughed. “We’re going to someplace fancy… well they have tablecloths at least.” He admitted.
Selah chuckled “I’m glad I wore my fancy shoes then,” still teasing him.
They pulled into The Red Cap restaurant, Selah hadn’t been there before but thought right away seafood would be good. They walked in an announced to the hostess that he had a reservation, Selah was impressed he had really planned this.
She led them to a quiet table in the back; Daniel told her he had asked for privacy. They sat at a table for two, no sooner had they sat down that a young girl arrived to fill their water glasses, Selah noticed it was Brittany Foley. 
As soon as she saw it was Selah she began pouring on the charm, Selah knew it was all a show for Daniel’s sake. “Oh hi Selah, how are you? So sorry about your mom, is he your cousin?” as she appraised Daniel like a piece of meat at the butcher shop, apparently the cut was to her liking.
Daniel took Selah hand and rubbed it gently not taking his eyes off her, ignoring Brittany, Selah took his cue. “Hi Brittany, thanks, and no this in my boyfriend, Daniel.” As she emphasised the word boyfriend in her voice, making sure she got the hint.
Brittany turned and looked at her as if she were full of shit; she turned back at Daniel hoping he would deny it.
Daniel still ignoring her said “You can leave the pitcher please.” Clearly dismissing her and giving her no excuse to return.
Brittany not giving up so easily, sure that if he took one look at her would be instantly head over heels, leaned over to reach his glass and put her breast as close to Daniel’s face as possible, it was her best feature.
Daniel took the glass from her and the pitcher of water and began pouring his own water, he gave the glass to Selah and she passed him hers for him to fill for himself. Brittany was flustered at the way Daniel didn’t want to have nothing to do with her, she tried one last attempt to get his attention, “Would you like rolls tonight with your meal?”
Selah looked at Daniel “What do you think do you want some, honey?” she rubbed it in as much as she could in Brittany’s face, that he was hers.
 Daniel was enjoying the game they were playing with the girl, he had noticed right away the fake sincerity she had bestowed on Selah when she had first arrived, and he had met plenty of girls like her in his life. He looked at Brittany. She lite up like a Christmas tree thinking she had him, he asked, “Do you have any multigrain?”
Selah could see he had the mischievous twinkle in his eye the one he got when he was feeling playful.
Brittany disappointed that he hadn’t succumbed to her amazing charms, meekly replied “Yes.”
“Two multigrain rolls please, could you make sure they’re warm.” he asked turning his attention back to Selah. The minute they were alone Selah took his hand in hers “Thank You, she has been a royal pain to me since we’ve been in grade school.”
“Anything for you Selah, I meant that, there’s no comparison between you and her, girls like her are a dime a dozen. Now you are different you’re a diamond in the rough. And I don’t mind rubbing it a bit to make it, or you shine.” Daniel grinned his irresistible half smile at her.
They had a very nice supper, Selah convinced him to see a scary movie, using the excuse she was scared, to cuddle up to him during the whole movie. They shared popcorn and Selah loved how their hands sometimes met in the large container, it reminded her of her favorite Disney movie of ‘Lady and the tramp.’ 
There was a part in the movie that Daniel even jumped as the crazy killer was hiding behind some bushes unknown to everyone. They both laughed over that for a while after the movie.
Over all this was definitely one of the best nights she had had with Daniel, her collection of great moments with him were steadily growing. They talked and laughed after the movies his driving skills improved immensely in the short time he drove that night, he had shown he could laugh at himself sometimes, Selah was as happy as she could be in those dwindling moments.
They kissed goodnight once before going in, then Daniel went in and thanked Peter for the use of the car, sneaking in one more kiss goodnight, as they parted ways.
Selah was so into Daniel her thoughts were consumed with only him. It seemed the more she was with him the more comfortable she became and the more she shared with him, she had come so close tonight telling him about her dreams and how she travelled she hadn’t had a dream about him for a while, maybe tonight she would let their evening continue on, she hadn’t quite had enough of him.
She soaked in the tub after she got home, reminiscing about their date, how they had laughed and how he had stood up for her with Brittany, she definitely would hear about that on Monday she knew, when she got out rubbed herself down with moisturizer.
As she crawled into bed, surprised to find Gunner there waiting for her, he must of sneaked up here earlier, good something warm to cuddle with she thought. She had heard Jacob listening to the stories again; Selah would have joined him, but was in too good a mood to chance being melancholy tonight.
As she settled in with Gunner, he loved to rub his ears against the blankets finally he stopped fidgeting, she was getting so much better at going into the parallel now, she was there having barely relaxed into a slumber, she could do it now by sheer will alone.
Her first thoughts were of Daniel as she called him to her, he was there instantly. Selah walked over to him and continued the good night kiss he had given her earlier. Daniel was so happy to see her here; it had been a long time since he had been with her, here. She was getting accustomed to a lot of the things here; her clothing was stable,
as she waved her hand and before Daniel knew what was happening, she pushed him onto a long very comfortable couch.
Selah had been thinking since her bath what she wanted to do with him when she got here, since this was just a dream she could perhaps take things further than if it was not.
Caleb had felt the thread of power he had placed on her without her knowledge as she entered tonight hoping he would see her, when she didn’t show up on the beach he decided to come find her himself. When he saw her seduce Daniel, he realized how very far in the race he was, she never looked at him that way. He felt as if a fist was squeezing his heart, the pain so great. In the short amount of time he had been with Selah she had grown on him, he had been looking forward to her company. But what she had with Daniel was more than he could have imagined, could she ever have those feelings for him?
Caleb couldn’t watch anymore, erasing his trail so Daniel would never notice him there, he couldn’t compete with the connection they had already and if they were truly bonded with spirit she wouldn’t even remember Caleb existed then.
Selah imagined Daniel without his shirt and when her fingers reached for him she was touching bare skin, she saw a loose thread of power and tied it off instinctively. She felt her pulse quicken, and her blood begin to boil. She held nothing back this was her dream, she felt every muscle along his stomach, and his breath was coming just as quickly as hers was now as she watched the rise and fall of his chest.
He had a small amount of coarse hair in between his breast, which only added to his virility. His nipples were erect and a pale pink, Selah stuck her tongue out and licked them gently teasing him.
Daniel was flabbergasted with her, he couldn’t resist her without her becoming aware he wasn’t just in her dream, something had to give otherwise this would go too far. If he told her to stop she would wonder why her dream wasn’t coming true. He was in a pickle, an incredibly sensual one, but one nonetheless. He searched his mind frantically on how he could distract her.
Selah was exploring all she could of Daniel without going into the unknown, she wouldn’t go that far even in a dream, that would only happen in real life, she wanted to experience that in its fullest capacity. She stared deep in his eyes and studied his face, knowing if she closed her eyes she would remember every detail. He had a small scar on his face under his left eye, she hadn’t noticed it before.
She rubbed her nose into his hair, he smelled of a spice she couldn’t quite place, it was tantalizing, his hair was soft and fine. He could have grown a mustache and beard if he wanted to she could see a shadow of one.
As Selah played with him she said three simple words Daniel never would forget “I love you”.
He reached up and cupped her face not caring if she knew he was really with her there or not and said “My beautiful Selah, I have loved you since the beginning and I will love you forever more, never another, without a doubt, never faltering to the death of my one and only soul.” Then he kissed her as slowly and completely as was physically possible to be kissed.
Selah had never felt more loved in that moment, he leaned his head on her shoulder, twined their finger together with their right hands and rubbed her back with the other, she didn’t think at all about seducing him at that moment she just wanted to never forget this moment, if she never loved again after Daniel she knew it would be alright, this was a perfect love, untainted, timeless.
They held each other that way for what seemed like hours, but was only a few minutes, it would have an everlasting effect on them both, though neither was aware of it in the moment. Selah opened up to him then telling him how she loved this place she had found, she showed him the beginning of her power how she manipulated things to her advantage, wishing he was aware and able to share in her new world, if he could of then everything would of just fit.
She even went as far as telling him about Caleb and all the things he had taught her, she described everything to a tee. She confessed her deepest desire to become powerful here, and to learn how to control her skills better here, and how she had wanted him even before she met him officially.
The mor4e she told him the more she wanted to tell him everything. Her voice got distant, softer as she spoke about when she had found herself here at the age of thirteen and seen him, for the first time ever. She hesitated for a second remembering what Daniel had said to her then. Suddenly her brows furrowed in consternation. “You had said I shouldn’t be here, that’s strange right, how would you have known?” she had a nagging sensation in the pit of her stomach suddenly, but shrugged it off. She explained how she had been attacked by the group of boys and she had just slipped from her body, as a defense mechanism of sorts.
Daniel left his face a mask of nothingness, while his insides raged at what had happened… as he thought back to that day. He said nothing, just rubbed her back never confirming or denying anything she said, he just let her release everything she had inside. She mentioned finding her mom and tears streamed down her face at the memory, she told Daniel how her mom had went on and on about the quilt they had made, suddenly she got up. 
Selah suddenly gasped out loud, “Daniel, she was talking about here she said the weaves were so beautiful and the patterns, when Caleb made that thick weave with the water it was all sorts of colors, she was trying to tell me about here!”
Daniel just smiled at her, she had figured it out, and she was so intelligent when she wasn’t bogged down with other useless stuff, her brain was actually like a small super computer, and when she put it in action, and it was a site to behold. It was one of the many things he loved about her. 
He smiled at her, watching her try different kinds of weaves, she was far from her full power having not received her memories back yet, and she would be amazing when she was in her glory.
Selah was experimenting with different things for a while, she found herself so tired all of a sudden, the power she had used draining her. She walked over to Daniel wanting to just sit and hold him again. Daniel opened his arms to her enveloping her in their warmth, he began singing softly to her, his voice was made for a melody, soon Selah found herself sleeping as her spirit drifted out of the void back to her bed, as Gunner snored softly next to her.


Chapter 9/Old friends collide

Monday morning Selah walked into her Biology class as usual and took her seat, Thomas was behind her and was about to tap her on the shoulder and ask her about her weekend, when out of the blue Brittany came over and sat on Selah desk.
“Hey Selah, don’t you just hate Mondays, I was wondering a bunch of us are going to the mall afterschool to do some shopping, are you game?” she was twirling her hair seductively as she sat ram rod straight so her breast were at their highest.
Selah thought of how Brittany had treated her on the weekend, she knew it was all a play for Daniel still, and she had never had any desire to belong in Brittany’s world. 
Mia a sweet little thing that hung on every word Brittany said came on the other side of Selah’s desk, “It would be so much fun, Selah kinda like old times remember?”
Selah remembered her and Mia had been close a long time ago, they used to have sleep overs and paint each other’s nails and giggle long into the night. Selah felt a bit of nostalgia, and not having her mom around had reduced her girl talk to nil. She resisted the urge to crawl into a corner and forget about them, she did want something nice to wear to impress Daniel on Valentine’s Day, there was a dance coming up and she wanted to ask him to take her.
“Yeah that sounds like a really good idea, I would love it, thanks Mia.” She smiled at her then turned to Brittany. She was going because Mia would be there and not for Brittany, she would make sure she couldn’t sink her claws into Daniel if it was the last thing she did.
“Great!” Brittany said, “Give me your cell and we’ll get in touch right after classes how about we meet in the parking lot.” They discussed the plans for a second more, as the bell rang and the class began. Selah felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned and saw Thomas with a dismayed look on his face, “What gives Sel, why you going with the poison squad, shopping of all things?”
Selah shrugged her shoulders not wanting to get into it at the moment, she brought her finger to her lips dismissing him and telling him to be quiet all at once.
When Biology class was done, Thomas couldn’t take the waiting any longer he grabbed Selah by the arm and pulled her aside, “Come on Selah, what’s going on.” He was growing very impatient.
Selah looked at him, “What! I can’t go shopping without your permission now!” the anger in her voice palpable.
Thomas backed away his feeling hurt immensely, “Sorry I thought we were friends, since your new boyfriend and your mom…never mind, you’re not the same person I remember that’s all…and I don’t know if I like the new you.”
Selah regretted how harsh she had been with him, “Thomas I’m sorry, since mom died I have a hole you know and I realize I miss some female conversations, my friends are all guys, I live with guys, when Mia asked me if I wanted to go…”
Thomas hadn’t thought about Selah and her mom’s relationship suddenly it made a lot of sense for her to want to be with them, “Sorry Sel, sometimes I don’t think you know…I just miss you and when you agreed to go with them, I felt betrayed…like I didn’t matter anymore.” He had the saddest expression on his face.
Selah put her arms around his shoulder and squeezed him, “You and me, Thomas are always gonna be buds, no matter what, maybe you, me and Daniel can hang out sometimes, what do you say.”
“The three of us, why not just you and I like we used to” his bottom lip began to stick out in a childish pout.
Selah laughed at him “If only I had a camera to take your picture right now.”
Thomas sucked in his lips and tried to man up, his momentum a tad bit too late. “You know what I mean, just you and me, that’s what I mean, catch a movie or something, I’ll feel like a third wheel if I hang out with you two!”
“Why don’t I try and set you up with a date, how about that cute girl on the junior side that followed you around like a puppy last year?” she offered.
Thomas remembered Cindy Matthews, she was kinda cute and thought he was a living god of sorts; his ego could use a boost. He looked at Selah again she was obviously attached at the hip to Daniel, he should have someone too. And Cindy always made him feel good about himself, “Well I think you have come up with a reasonable solution to our dilemma.” He could be with Selah, Cindy would be a distraction, but it would help smooth things over, and Daniel well he would have to learn to stomach him.
The bell rang for the next class, Selah left Thomas to his thoughts, the rest of the day zoomed by, she was actually looking forward to the mall, and shopping, she had missed female companionship more than she was willing to admit.
She texted Daniel telling him of her plans, she asked if he wanted to go to the Valentine`s day dance he said yes, but said he couldn`t dance too well, two left feet and all. He said he wanted her to have fun; he was going to pick up Jacob afterschool and go to the rink with him they had a practice for the junior A team and Jacob was gonna help him.
Selah went out to her car and saw they bunch of girls waiting to go to the mall, they were quite the possy. Mia looked at her and said “Do you mind if I go with you there’s only enough room for them” 
Selah was instantly glad she had agreed to go she had mourned her friendship with Mia for a long time. “Yeah sure I have plenty of room,” she turned to Brittany, “We’ll meet you at the main doors ok.” Brittany agreed.
Selah got in her car as Mia, went over to the passenger’s side, “Wow you drive a stick, that’s awesome I barely passed my license with an automatic, but then again you have always been so clever.” She said it with not a bit of malice in her tone. “Selah I’m really sorry about your mom, she was so cool, I remember she always let us stay up late, and make messes in the kitchen,” she touched Selah’s hand sincerely.
Selah had just started the car, she froze for a second as memories of the past flooded her vision, two little girls trying to be grownups, and baking up a storm. Her mom had fed the dreams they had with gentle encouragement and plenty of chocolate chips.
“Thanks she really loved you too you know…she thought of you as her second daughter…” her mom had been just as sad as she was when their friendship had changed when they had gotten into junior high, popularity winning Mia over. Selah had never become bitter over their parting, but it had hurt her a lot.
“I went to the funeral but was too chicken to come see you, I’m so sorry, can you forgive me…for everything I’ve done to you?” doubt filled Mia’s words.
Selah suddenly came to the conclusion that she needed a female in her life, Mia had been everything to her once, and she hoped she could trust her again, “You remember the pinky swear we used to do in your tree house whenever we had a secret, and we promised we wouldn’t tell anyone?” she looked into Mia’s eyes as she saw the familiar look there.
“Yeah, I’ll never forget, you never let me down Selah, and I’m the one…” she gasped as tears fell.
“I’ve learned that it’s best to go forward and not backwards in life, we can’t change the past but we can try move forward with the future, right?” Selah found herself comforting Mia, but it felt good.
“Thanks Selah, my mom has been after me to talk to you, and she was right, and I’m glad I finally got the nerve to.” She saw Mia’s shoulders relax, and she wiped her tears and fixed her makeup. “You know all the new friends I made, I never got as close to them, the way you and I were. I have missed you, but was too scared to come crawling back, when your mom died it made me realize how much I take for granted.”
Selah thought of Mia’s mom Sharon she was famous for her tuna noodle casserole, she remembered eating some after her mom had died and realized it was probably Sharon’s. She backed out of the parking lot and headed for the mall. They continued with some small talk. Selah was glad they had renewed their friendship and hoped to regain some of what they had, but a small part of her remained reserved in the likeliness that she might get disappointed again.
As they arrived at the mall they met the other girls in the food court, they were all shopping for dresses for the dance, they entered a fancy store, all the other girls flocked to the racks going through all the dresses, Mia was very petite she confessed to Selah that she was going with Cody Smith, she had been crushing hard on him since the beginning of junior high, they had been getting closer, he had asked her to go steady around Christmas time, and Mia had been overjoyed.
They slowly went through the rack all the really pretty dresses had been picked over already; Mia grabbed Selah “Let’s go find some shoes Sel,” Mia went over to Brittany and told her they were going to the shoe store, Brittany shrugged her shoulders as if she didn’t care what Mia did.
They walked over to the nearest store, Selah gravitated to a pair of 2 inch heels they were multicolored with a gold trim, she loved them instantly. She asked the sales lady for her size as she sat down waiting, Mia came over with a pair of even taller ones, they were an open toe with a beautiful black and white design they had the sole and the heel both with a lift, the new style in shoes, the heels were more stiletto like.
Selah like the ones Mia had found, they had each found some in a matter of minutes, Selah walked around with the shoes she had on, they were even comfortable to walk in that would be important for a dance.
Mia fell in love with hers too, they tried on a few more pairs, and Selah found some flats to wear everyday too. They bought their finds and decided they would go looking at the local vintage clothing stores for the perfect dress. They didn’t even bother to tell the other where they were going as they left the mall and went downtown.
They stopped at Tim Horton’s and got some coffee, they began settling in to the same camaraderie they had before, they had a huge selection of dresses to choose from after looking for about fifteen minutes Selah found the perfect dress for Mia, it would look fabulous with the shoes she had found earlier. She turned and found Mia she was holding a beautiful halter like dress it looked as if it was a rap around type and it was multicolored, they both went to the dressing rooms and tried them on, they had brought in the shoes too so they could match them up to their dresses. Mia’s dress was a bit too big for her, Selah’s dress fit her perfectly she put her shoes on to see how they went together.
She walked over to the mirror outside the fitting room, the sales lady was there, Selah heard a low whistle “Wow, if I had legs like that, what I could do!”
Selah slightly embarrassed by her comment twirled in the mirror self-consciously. The dress was perfect for her; the shoes were terrific with it also. She looked at the price there was none, she asked the saleslady the price, she answered “ All dresses were 8 dollars unless otherwise marked,” Selah thought of her mom she would have been so proud she was always looking for sales, it had often drove Selah crazy.
 She whispered under her breath “Mom do you like this one?” no sooner had the words left her lips, Selah saw a bright flash as if there had been a star in the room with her, she took it as a sign her mom approved.
Mia tried on another dress and found a cute little number that showed off all her curves, they paid for their dresses and decided to go see if they could find some matching accessories. A store a few doors down specialized in handmade jewelry, they found some quaint little items to go with their fabulous finds.
Selah was so glad that they seemed to be going in the right track, her’s and Mia’s friendship, she couldn’t wait to tell Daniel, she decided to tell Mia a bit about him and how amazing he was.
Mia told her how she had seen them at the funeral; he had been so close to Selah it was as if they were attached, helping her stand in her moments of grief. They talked a bit more about all kinds of things, she told Selah about the party at Colby’s house after the dance. 
Selah hadn’t been to too many parties she didn’t like the drinking and drugs scene, she said they most likely wouldn’t go as Mia tried to convince her otherwise. They soon parted ways as Selah dropped Mia off at her house. Selah wanted to get home and talk with Daniel she missed him like crazy, she felt like she hadn’t seen him in weeks it had only been a few hours at the most since they had saw each other last.
Later that evening Selah had been trying for a while to get a hold of Daniel, his phone‘s battery had run out because the answering service said it wasn’t on. She watched TV, and anxiously waited for his call. Jacob told her Daniel had just gone home after dropping him off after the practice.
When ten thirty rolled around Selah couldn’t wait any longer and knew she had to call it a night, she would see him in the parallel that she would make sure of.  She washed up and crawled into her nice crisp sheets, it wasn’t long before she found herself in the familiar surroundings; she thought of Daniel immediately and became frustrated when
 nothing happened she had always been able to pull him into her thoughts and he had always appeared instantly, she tried a few more times to no avail. She decided to see what Caleb was up to, she shifted and went searching for him at the beach. 
Daniel had had a busy night, his moms car had broken down and he had to go pick her up at work, nothing seemed to be going right for him, his phone had died he had forgotten to charge it. And he hadn’t even touched base with Selah since after school, when she had told him she was going shopping with the girl from the restaurant Saturday night; he had been shocked to say the lease.
He had wanted to talk with her to find out what had happened, but the circumstances of the evening had prevented him from doing so, it was late now and he didn’t want to wake her if she was sleeping, he hoped that tomorrow would prove to be a much better day, nothing else could go wrong tonight, he got home after eleven with his mom, they talked for a bit then he said goodnight, hoping he would see Selah tonight in the void, he missed her.
Selah walked over to Caleb he seemed to be in a not so good mood, he had a creased brow and looked very serious, Selah sat next to him, not daring to ask any questions, she would wait him out.
Caleb turned and looked at her, she seemed pensive tonight, and he wondered what the cause was. He watched her as she stared off into her own thoughts, wondering what they were, if he could only have a piece of her for just himself.
Selah wondered why calling Daniel to her hadn’t worked, she figured she would ask Caleb maybe he would help her. “Caleb may I ask you a question?”
“Depends, what’s the question?” he was short with her, man she frustrated him to no ends.
“I have brought people into my dreams before, and I tried tonight but they never appeared does that make any sense, why wouldn’t they?” she bite her lip waiting for his response.
Caleb tilted his head trying to understand her question, “What do you mean in your dreams, were you conscious like you are now?”
“Yes, just like now I am now… this is like a dream right?” Selah asked.
“Well not really, you’re conscious now, in a dream you wouldn’t be so aware, when you woke up you wouldn’t remember much. In dreams’ you can have people you want there but they are mostly uncontrollable they are made up of your psych trying to tell you things in your subconscious thoughts. You wouldn’t be able to do what you just said.” Caleb was a little confused by what she meant.
“What do you mean you call them to you? I don’t’ understand that part of what you’re saying.” He had never heard of calling someone to come to you.
“When I first came here in the parallel...”
“The void, you can call it the void,” he interrupted her.
“What did you say the void, why do you call it that” she asked, totally forgetting her train of thought.
“Yeah the void is what I said, because this place is void of physical beings… for now.” He barely whispered the last two words, not wanting Selah to pick up on them. 
Selah repeated the word, knowing it was fixed in her brain now, she wouldn’t forget that, “The void, anyway what was I saying before I mean, when you interrupted me.”
Caleb looked at her straining his memory then he said, “Pulling people to you, you were going to explain that to me.”
‘Oh right, when I come into the void, I can see everyone’s lights or at least that’s what I think they are, I can sort of distinguish who’s light they belong to kind of and then I pull them to me like gravity or something…I know it sound weird and you think I’m crazy, I don’t know how else to explain it in words.”
Caleb thought about it for a bit, to pull something it would take a lot of energy and you would need air to do so, “Show me what you do Selah”
Selah thought about bringing Caleb to her special place where she could see all the stars but something inside her was telling her not to share that with anyone. She closed her eyes and instead pictured Daniel hoping it would work this time, she pictured his face concentrating on his features as if she was staring right at him, nothing happened.
Caleb saw how she was focusing he waited, nothing changed and no-one appeared before her.
Selah was getting frustrated, “It’s not working that’s what I don’t understand,” she was wringing her hands together. 
“Has it always worked before tonight? Caleb asked her.
“Yes why? Selah asked
“Try with a different person if you’ve only tried with one.” He suggested.
Selah relaxed some, why hadn’t she thought of that, she thought of her mom and focused on her face, she felt everything shift and grabbed Caleb’s hand as it changed.
Caleb was surprised at the sudden change surrounding him, he thought she was imagining things; they were in a huge flower garden he saw a pretty petite women sitting on a rock, staring into a pond at some colorful fish.
“That’s my mom she who I thought of and I pulled her to me, but I guess I went to her instead. It’s still not what I meant she is always here, the person I pulled to me isn’t here already. They don’t know about this place.” She desperately wished she could find the right words so he could understand what she meant.
Caleb looked around the place and at Selah mom, “Try that other person again, I’m having trouble envisioning what you mean.”
Selah sat down on the grass she folded her legs one over the other, resting her hands on her knees, in a meditation pose. She cleared her mind of all her thoughts and imagined the little mouse with his trusty broom. She concentrated every fiber of her being on Daniel, right down to the stubble on his chin, she could smell him, tastes him even when she focused like this.
Caleb watched as Daniel emerged in front of him, as if he had always been there, he hadn’t thought of who she was trying to reach, when he saw Daniel the bile in his throat rose.
Daniel had just relaxed and entered the void, when he felt her pulling him to her and he surrendered most willingly, he wanted to see her. He felt everything shift and she materialized before him like a vision of beauty.
Selah opened her eyes and knew it had worked this time she had felt him. She was so happy to see him she reached up and touched his face bringing his supple lips to hers, “I missed you.” She whispered to him alone.
Caleb what beginning to boil in rage, he really didn’t want to be a witness to this tryst. They were completely unaware of his presence; he decided to make himself known.
Selah let Daniel go remembering Caleb all of a sudden, as he began clearing his throat. Daniel turned and saw they weren’t alone, suddenly cautious of the situation.
Selah smiled at Caleb innocently, “Now do you see what I did, I called him to me not me to him, like before.”
“Yeah, I see I never knew you could do that I’ll have to try it sometimes, can you do that Daniel call people to you?” Caleb asked Daniel a hint of malice in his voice.
Daniel turned and saw the look of utter confusion on Selah’s face, this wasn’t good…Caleb should of never known him by name. Selah’s face was getting paler by the second…how would or could he even explain it to her… “Selah…” he barely got out.
Selah looked from Daniel to Caleb, she had heard wrong Caleb knew Daniel by name… but how could he? It didn’t make sense Daniel didn’t know anything about the void he had never mentioned it to her, and she had even told him everything the last time she met him here…he would of told her then…this was a mistake she had heard wrong she was sure of it.
“What did you say Caleb, do you two know each other?” she croaked out her throat like sandpaper suddenly.
Daniel gave Caleb a look of pure murder; Caleb ignored him and calmly answered Selah. “Well I don’t know him very well but he’s been coming here in the void a lot longer that I have, I’ve seen him around, right Daniel?” he answered sweetly as if he hadn’t just pulled the rug out from underneath them both.
Daniel took Selah’s hand’s wishing he could tell her everything, but his vow left him empty of words as she looked at him, the pain and hurt in her eyes so visible it left him in physical pain.
He shifted wanting to be alone with her, he had to make her see he couldn’t tell her, he wanted to but it was supposed to be her choice he wanted to break Caleb in half for what he was putting her through, she had been through enough already he didn’t care one iota for her to do this now.
“Is it true do you know each other, Daniel?” she was trembling he tried to hold her but she pushed him away. 
“Answer me is it true… do you know Caleb? She shouted her anger getting the best of her now.
Daniel felt defeated this was going to come to no good he could tell. “Yes, I know Caleb.” He whispered, he would make him pay for this… the pain he was putting her through… he had underestimated Caleb’s tenacity for power… he never thought he would stoop so low.
“Why didn’t you tell me Daniel, Why…? I told you everything… you never said a word…all this time you knew.” Her tears were flowing; she was so distraught she hadn’t even noticed that he had brought her somewhere else to be alone with her.
“I’m sorry Selah I couldn’t…” how could he explain and not break his vow he was speechless, they had come so far together, he could lose her over this he knew…he knelt on the ground before her, “I will do anything for you Selah you mean everything to me…”
“How can I believe you…Daniel you lied about everything… is this all a lie…? Why didn’t you just tell me…I would have understood, but lying I told you at the beginning I hated liars and you still went ahead and did it…” her heart felt as if it was being ripped to shreds.
“I never lied to you Selah…I just left some things out…I know that’s not right but I never lied.” He felt his own tears fall as the hopelessness of the situation dawned on him.
“So what Daniel what else did you leave out…? Selah screamed at him “Is there another girlfriend was this just a joke… see how far you could play me,” she pushed him to the ground wanting him to hurt as much as she did, she punched him and slapped his face, he never lifted a finger to defend himself, he just knelt there before her, trying to soak into himself all her pain.
“I opened myself to you completely…I am such a damn fool, I wondered why you were there all of a sudden, I was so blinded by you I never saw what was right in front of me, it all makes sense to me now, and all those years ago when I met you here, right here.” And you just couldn’t come clean for whatever sick reason you have… whatever game you were playing,” she slammed every feeling she ever had for anything behind the biggest wall she could create, never again would she be so gullible, believing, trusting in something… a fairy tale…why would he ever want her… she would never let herself be this fallible again.
Daniel watched as she went through the motions and as the light dwindled from her eyes, she closed herself off to him, he got up and held her to him as tight as possible.
“Selah, I wish I could make you understand why, someday you will, please forgive me, please. I love you so much, I love you.”
Daniel saw that he wasn’t going to get through to her, she had shut down, he lifted her face to his, and he kissed her gently to no avail, as he pulled his lips from hers she didn’t react even slightly. She even felt cold to his touch, as if she were empty inside, vacant, dead.
Selah wanted to scream at the top of her lungs, she had wanted so much to see him, this was a nightmare, she shoved everything into a tiny place in her mind, it had all been just a dream it had never been real, she had been in a nightmare the whole time, her tormentor had just been put into a beautiful package…all the harder to resist…it had been a ruse.
She didn’t want to be in this night mare anymore she just wanted to sleep, she willed herself back to her bed, she would wake from this night mare and she hoped she never returned to it.
Daniel felt her slip from his fingers he tried to hold onto her but she was like water and suddenly she was gone. He burned with a cold fury he had never felt so strongly before… all his efforts to make her love him, to be there for her, so she would trust him… Caleb had cancelled it all out with one word… his name.
He moved with a determined precision… he would find him, maybe not tonight but he would and when he did…he had never imagined he could want to hurt someone as much as he wanted to inflict pain on Caleb, he pictured the look of pain on Selah’s face and all he wanted was Caleb’s blood, he wanted to rip him apart piece by piece… the way he had ripped both their hearts to shreds.
 He searched looking for any trace of him, he was frantic the anger burning away at his soul…
Above a concerned look covered the creator’s face, Caleb had done them wrong he would have to pay for that, not just from Daniel…he would have to correct him in his actions…He disliked when his children fought, and Caleb had messed with a hornet’s nest… Daniel was not someone to be taken lightly… and Selah had shut herself down like a light switch, time was of the essence and Caleb had cost them a lot of it on this night… 


Chapter 10/What have I done?

Selah woke the next morning, her phone was buzzing on her night table, she looked and saw she had 20 messages from Daniel, she scanned through them quickly, then shut off her phone. It was true, he was apologizing in every one, it wasn’t a nightmare. She curled her legs up in the fetal position, she felt violated, as if she would not trust again. She couldn’t bring herself to get out of bed she never wanted to leave the safety of her covers; everything had seemed easy with Daniel at her side, the weight of what had happened last night and over the last month settled on her, immobilizing her.
She had never realized how much lighter she was when he was around, how could he have betrayed her like that, he only had to tell her, she would of understood they could have been a team in the void, he could of shown her everything Caleb had, Caleb had been the only one to tell her the truth not lies, she had been looking on the wrong guy all along.
Daniel’s good looks and what had happened all those years ago had left her vulnerable, weak, when it came to him. She wouldn’t let that happen again, there was no room for weakness, she would close her heart, she didn’t need anyone, especially not Daniel, he was a liar and a fake, she had done well before he came along she could and would again.
She pulled the covers over her head wishing she would run out of oxygen and just pass out, so she wouldn’t have to feel anything anymore. She let the emotions choke off everything else and rode the waves of sadness, barely keeping herself afloat. 
Selah heard a knock on the door, she never answered… as a weight sat on the edge of her bed, she felt a hand on her leg, her dad she knew she felt her voice give away as she tried to tell him she wasn’t feeling good.
“Selah honey are you ok, Daniel called this morning and told me to check on you, is everything ok?” concern in his voice.
Daniel had put himself in every part of her life; he had seeped in like a snake bite numbs your whole body, overtaking everyone in his deception. She didn’t want him here anymore, she couldn’t handle it.
“I don’t feel so good dad, I’m gonna stay home ok, maybe it’s some flu or something…and dad, Daniel…” Selah’s voice betrayed her as she choked up, “I don’t want to see him anymore ok.” 
Peter rubbed his daughter’s back as she cried, Diana was supposed to be the one here for this, and he was helpless as she cried, what had happened …? Daniel was a good guy he knew, he hoped she would come around; Daniel had helped them all overcome their grief. He would do as she asked, but would try and get to the bottom of her heartache, there had to be a solution to this problem…
“Do you want me to talk to him honey; maybe you two can work this out.” He offered hopefully thinking it was just a silly spat.
Selah shook her head adamantly, “No Dad it’s done between us ok, I don’t want to talk about him anymore… and can you tell Jacob for me, please.”
Peter knew better than to argue with her now she was like Diana in this way, and until she was calmer she wouldn’t see the light, they were a stubborn lot these Jones women, he would have to give Daniel fair warning.
 Peter knew he should listen to Selah’s wishes but something just felt wrong about the whole thing, he’d never followed his gut instincts before even though Diana had always told him to, it was time he tried to though for Selah… and Diana.
Peter left the bedroom and closed the door softly, he worked out a plan in his mind on how he would try to help them out, he knew one thing she needed Daniel…even if she was just too pigheaded to see it, it wasn’t over until the fat lady sang he thought…
As he got downstairs he saw Jacob getting ready for school “Is she coming down dad, I’m going to be late if she doesn’t hurry.”
“No, women problems buddy, I’ll drop you off to school today, you may have to walk home though.” He patted his son’s shoulder.
“I’ll just give Daniel a shout, he`s probably coming here anyway, so it all works.” Jacob said offhandedly.
Peter bent his head down realizing how much they had all come to depend on Daniel in such a short time, he had helped fill the hole left by Diana, he glanced down at his own hands and saw the calluses he had made practicing the guitar with Daniel every night that Selah had been working.
“Maybe you shouldn’t call Daniel, their having a spat of sorts, your sister didn’t fill me in but she said she didn’t want to see Daniel.”
“Awe dad Daniel’s been so great with me he taught me some awesome ways to block shots and he’s helped me improve my reflexes, she can’t be serious can she?” he looked as sad as Peter did with the news.
“I hope it’s nothing major, she has that awful temper though and she doesn’t back down easy, maybe we can try to make her see the light…but let her calm down let’s not push her.” Peter suggested.
“So are you saying I can still hang with Daniel?” his youngest child sounded hopeful.
“Don’t let Selah catch you, cause she’ll skin us both alive, and trust me buddy you don’t want the only woman in the house angry, got it!” he gave Jacob a stern look of warning.
“No prob. Dad my lips are sealed…he really loves her though, he can get really sickening when he start talking about her…I mean she my sister, but seriously he’s got it bad.
As they reached the school, Peter wished Jacob a good day, but just as he was about to leave, he took out his phone, he searched through the contacts, he saw the number that had phoned that morning he pressed redial.
“Hi Daniel, its Peter Selah’s dad, how are ya?” he asked not feeling the least bit guilty about interfering with his daughter’s life. “Are you busy later, around lunch time?”
Daniel was surprised by the phone call, when he heard the invitation he jumped in response, “No sir, I’m free, can I ask why?”
“I was wondering if you would like to meet me for lunch around 1 at the Macdonald’s on Water street?” hoping he wasn’t scaring the boy with his abruptness.
“Yeah I guess I could is something wrong, is Selah alright?” Daniel’s voice sounded strained.
“Well she as good as can be expected for having her heart broken,” Peter blurted out.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt her, I really didn’t” Daniel sounded pitiful on the other end of the line.
Peter looked at his watch he had to get to work, “We’ll talk at noon; MacDonald’s don’t forget I’ll be waiting.” Knowing he would make him sweat until then as he hung up the phone.
Daniel held his phone as he heard the sound of the receiver click, as the call was disconnected, shit her dad was gonna freak out on him too. He put his head in between his hands, could the situation get any worse? He had a pounding headache he hadn’t slept a wink all night, he had kept trying to call her.
He tried to think of a way to make her talk to him he had to make her see, if he told her about the vow, it would clear everything up in an instant, all would be forgiven with her… but he would have to forgo his duty.
It was a terrible weight on him; he knew what his choice was. It was better to have held her for a short while, than to have never had the chance, he would have to hold on to the precious memories they had made, each touch, kiss and caress, because they all might have to last him a lifetime.
He thought of the meeting with her dad, he lifted his head up and braced himself for the onslaught, he couldn’t imagine hurting any more than he already did at this moment.
The time passed slowly as Daniel went to the restaurant early he wasn’t hungry but ordered a coffee and reminisced about his first coffee with Selah, she had been so flustered when he has spilled it all over himself, but bold enough to begin wiping him down with her dishcloth. He smiled in spite of the pain it left in his heart, she had felt the same as he did instantly he could tell, and they had a soul connection.
He thought about all their past lives how they had not always ended up as a couple, she was so strong she had gone it alone a few times, and all he could do was watch her and protect her, that was his biggest fear now. Would she shut down like she had before, he wished she had the memories he did. But she had decided to start each life with a clean slate, no extra baggage.
He understood why she made that choice in the beginning, but it didn’t make it any easier. He had to hold back so much, it was almost unbearable, she was so worth all of it, the times when they had been bonded and one, he could make it through anything he thought, just holding on to those times.
The time past as Daniel held on to all his memories of their time together, he never noticed when Peter took a seat next to him with a tray of food, he passed Daniel some fries and a coke. 
“Man you look like death warmed over, buddy, have you even slept in the past few days?” Peter worriedly looked at Daniel.
Daniel sighed deeply and shook his head in response, “Not really… so how is she? I’m so sorry about what happened, I didn’t lie to her…and she thinks I have been lying all this time…I tried to make her listen.”
“Whoa slow down; for starters let me make something clear if you intentionally hurt her, I will put you in a world of pain, understood.” He looked sternly at Daniel making sure he was sincere before he continued “ Cause she’s all I have left of her mother, they could have been twins, not in looks… she’s a female version of me, but if I close my eyes when I’m with her…I can almost pretend it’s Diana.”
He studied Daniel how miserable he looked, and knew his gut had been right as he continued “I’m here cause I lived for 20 years with her mom and in twenty years you learn what to do and what not to do…if you’re willing to listen I can help you reach her, but you have to be patient or she’ll close up like a clam shell and you’ll make it worse for yourself, I had to learn that the hard way…do you think you can have some patience?”
Daniel laughed if Peter only knew how long he had been waiting for her already, what was a little more time… “Yeah I can do that, I can wait for as long as it takes, what else can you tell me, I’m open to suggestions.”
Peter started wolfing down his lunch he didn’t have much time, he went into detail on women, his daughter in particular, he knew if she ever found out she would be pissed big time with him, but this was for her own good, he had never seen her happier than when she was with Daniel. And right now this family needed a bit more happy.
They put their heads together and began forming a plan, Selah wouldn’t know what hit her if it worked; Peter was sure Jacob would be willing to help also; he was also in Daniel’s corner.
As Peter told Daniel his idea, Daniel felt the weight on his shoulder shift, they were on his side, he felt more hopeful than he had a few minutes before, it might actually work, as long as she was willing to open up to him again, as he remembered the look of emptiness in her eyes the night before he wondered.
Selah felt like she had been run over by a truck, her whole body ached she hadn’t gotten out of bed all day, except to use the washroom, she wasn’t hungry, she was thirsty though as she rolled out of bed, she wrapped herself in her robe and waddled downstairs. She saw it was 3 in the afternoon Jacob would be coming home soon, it was raining outside, the weather reflecting her insides, dreary and miserable.
She downed two glasses of water feeling a bit better and decided to go back to bed; she had kept her phone off, as she crawled back into bed Gunner following her in. As she turned her phone back on and saw Daniel had given up texting her around noon. Good she could have some peace for a while.
She thought about all the times she had gone into the void and met Daniel, their first kiss when she had thought they were in her dream; she had done so many things she couldn’t believe she would have attempted if she knew he was really there. And before she learned to tie off her weaves, her clothes had been barely there at times no wonder he was after her, everything she had let him see, she felt cheap suddenly.
Her anger was growing inside her, she had deserved more of an explanation he hadn’t denied anything, just said he had never lied to her, he had left out so much…she 
wanted to hurt him, she felt her phone buzzing she hoped it was Daniel, she was ready to give him a piece of her mind.
She looked it was Thomas asking where she had been today, she put the phone down, she didn’t feel like talking to him now, she turned her thoughts back to Daniel, she loved him, he had been everything to her, but her anger was covering all her love and was making her feel the opposite of love now, the negative side of her feelings was all that was manifesting for her now.
She filled the hole in her heart with all the negative emotions she could muster, she wasn’t going to let him break her, and she was stronger than that. She cuddled with the dog, he smelled of clothes on the line, fresh. He turned on his back wanting his belly rubbed. Selah told him all of her woes, he looked at her lovingly. She would only confess to him now, he was the only one who didn’t let her down.
She felt as if the hole her mom had left had grown enormous, with the loss of Daniel, he had filled everything up for her nicely, she had mourned for her mom but he had made the burden lighter, whereas now it all just came crashing down. She wished she could just forget the lies, but she just wasn’t made that way, the path she was choosing would leave her lonely and far from him, she wondered if he was feeling anything like she was, most likely he was glad it was over no more pretense, he could actually spend time with someone who was worth the effort.
He had told her he loved her, and some part of her had desperately wanted to believe that someone like him could love her, she had had a moment of overachieving, to believe she was someone special, and that he wanted her. She slipped into the vaguely familiar feeling of insecurities of the past; it was a comfortable feeling to go back to.
She had regained a friendship with Mia, how she had longed yesterday to tell Daniel that news, thinking he would have been so happy for her. She had to change her way of thinking, erase the past few weeks that held Daniel in them. No matter how much she tried to make the little mouse in her head sweep away those memories they return stronger and clearer than ever. He had brought more joy to her in a few weeks than she had ever experiences in all her 17 years on this earth.
She decided to let herself have just one day, she would remember all they were, every emotion every caress, then she would set them all aflame, let the past burn with the anger of betrayal that festered in her heart. She laid there and rode the waves of emotion that cursed thru her veins, the emotional roller coaster that had been her and Daniel; there had been more highs than lows.
Ecstasy he had shown her that; she had almost let him have ever part of her, shared her utmost secret places, she wondered if she would have regretted that if it had happened. But she knew even with all the pain, there wasn’t even a single moment she wished hadn’t happened with Daniel, and if she was completely honest she knew even the lie and the confrontation which they had had evoked a frenzy of emotion she knew could come from no other, he had burrowed like a tick, deep into the recess of her heart and soul, never to be removed without having a part remain.
She loved him, she hoped he would forgive her, she had perhaps acted hastily, he would call again and all would be well, unless he truly had been playing with her, she spent the remainder of the afternoon in battle with her thoughts on what Daniel was
thinking, every time she convinced herself he truly cared for her, her doubts dragged her down as she thought about him, it was like a tornado as it ripped and tore at her every turn, plaguing her with negativity.
She heard her dad and Jacob come home and put her pillow over her head hoping they would forget she existed at least for tonight. She dozed off for a while awaking to the cover of darkness when she heard a soft knock on her door.
“Selah, do you feel better? Dad wants to know if you’re gonna eat something?” Jacob opened her door a crack, he had spoken to Daniel a bit today and saw they both looked about the same, miserable, he decided to make a mental note to never be this stupid with a girl.
Selah opened her eyes they were swollen and it felt like she had grains of sand coating them, as she had cried and slept the day away. She didn’t feel a bit better; she knew she actually felt worse. Tomorrow she would drag herself out of here, she knew the longer she clung to her bed the harder it would be to return to the real world, her only consolation at the moment was that Daniel didn’t go to her school so no-one would know unless she told them. 
And she didn’t even know if she would tell Thomas, she barely managed to get out of bed her body weak from no nourishment, she went into the washroom and glance at her reflection, death warmed over looked better than her at that moment.
She washed up the best she could, when she still looked terrible she decided to get in the shower instead, as she emerged with clean pj’s on and smelling cleaner she had to admit she felt better too. She made her way to the kitchen, she heard her dad strumming away on the guitar and Jacob yelling at the television screen, hockey was on and his favorite team was playing they must have been losing by his language. All she heard was him talking about the referees bad calls.
She looked into the living room as she messed up her face squinting and could picture Daniel sitting there with Jake just as enthralled in the game. This was harder than she thought, and it had only been a few hour and most of them she had been unconscious.
She saw they has made fries and burgers for supper she sat down and ate a cold burger, knowing that it tasted like sandpaper, not because it was cold but because her heart was aching and nothing could taste good at this time.
Peter watched his only daughter as she tried to pull herself together, her shoulders were slumped, and she was having trouble swallowing each morsel of food. She was pale and the swelling in her face told of her afternoon spent crying. He hoped he had made the right decision, Daniel had jumped at the change he had provided him, he had told him exactly what to do to have her begging him for forgiveness.
He supposed some part of him should feel he was betraying Selah but as he watched her he knew her stubbornness would have prevented her from apologizing to Daniel. He had heard Daniel’s side, he would wait until Selah was very calm before he tried to find out her portion in all this. As he pictured to when he saw them both together, their connection was amazing even Diana and him hadn’t been as close, this soon. That was what had helped him decide to intervene. He didn’t think anyone should throw away that kind of attachment. And something else was pushing him to help, and his gut told him he was listening to Diana, her having the last word in the situation.
Daniel was watching television it seemed like a particular boring program he kept drifting his thoughts all random, he had wanted to talk to Selah but Peter had told him the longer she had to sort out her thoughts and be alone the better his chances of being totally forgiven. And he had put all his hopes on his suggestion, he had to admit it was a good idea, he would have never thought of it himself.
And they had come up with a sure fire plan to melt her heart if she still had it hardened towards him. He had done a good thing befriending her whole family, they had stuck by him, he still met with Jacob at the rink to help him with his hockey and on the nights Selah worked he also went and practiced with Peter.
They had been filling him in on how she was doing, he had let his anger die down some but hadn’t chanced going back into the void simply because he didn’t trust himself with Caleb at this point. He knew he would eventually deal with him, and he hoped he had a higher power on his side.
Daniel’s mom had been extremely worried about him for the first few days after the breakup as he hadn’t slept and was a complete mess, but he had eventually succumbed to exhaustion. He had felt better after that much needed sleep, as the ideas Peter had put in his head began to take on form, he had discovered the perfect way to do it, make her fall this her knees. He wished he had thought of the idea but the acclaim went to Peter. He had done something like it for Diana when they were first going out and ‘she had been eating out of the palm of his hand ever since,’ his words exactly.
The past few days had left him with a deep weltering hole inside him, he did everything he could think of to keep busy, but the badminton thing had been a big no-no. He had wanted to even sneak a peak at her, but again Peter dissuaded him. He wanted to jump out of his skin, well he didn’t have to much longer to wait, and he could count the days on both his hands. It better work or Daniel was going to go mentally insane without her, he thought the hole was getting physically bigger with each passing day.

Selah had secretly wished that Daniel would call her, she had been sadly disappointed. She hadn’t heard from him in 3 days, her doubts about his feeling for her began to run deep. She had been right to dump him, it wasn’t mutual or so she thought.
Thomas had picked up their friendship right from where it had  went stale, he was obviously glad to have her back full time, he complained because she had convinced him to find a date for the Valentine’s day dance and now he didn’t have the heart to break it off with Cindy.
As he went on a spiel about having to spend money on a suit and a corsage while she would be so lucky to be able to contently stay home and watch movies or do something absolutely mundane as listening to music, while he was being forced otherwise. 
Selah listened half-heartedly to him drone on, she had never been able to let Daniel drift from her thought completely for more than a few minutes at a time. She had pictured them dancing the night away, her in her beautiful dress him in a nice suit, the dazzling debonair couple they were, the key word there was were, not are, pass tense nothing new happening here boys, all old news.
She never noticed as Colby sat there watching her, when the bell rang she motionlessly gathered her things and stumbled head first into him he had been waiting for her. 
“Hey Selah, sorry I knocked into you, but did I hear Tommy boy say you were flying solo for the dance next Friday? Weren’t you going with that older guy Daniel Evans?” he looked cute as he had his thumbs tucked casually into his front pockets of his jeans, his stance looked self-confident and relaxed, Selah looked him over realizing she didn’t feel anything she used to feel for him rise to the surface.
Selah felt self- conscious at the mention of Daniel’s name, “No we’re not together anymore.” 
“That’s too bad for him but maybe it could be my gain, his loss right? Do you want to go with me?”
She was about to flat out refuse him then saw the look of shock on Thomas’s face, he had been complaining she wasn’t going… and she would be able to wear her dress, Daniel’s dress she thought, no they were nothing… he couldn’t even call her. And if Thomas was shocked, then how would Daniel feel? Her mind made up, she had to move on and Colby had been her first choice before …so why not now?
She looked at him as he waited certain she wouldn’t let him down, “Yeah that sounds like fun.”
“Great I’ll pick you up around 7 or so, oh and I’m having a small gathering of some close friends after, it will be a good opportunity for you and I to get closer, right?” he  took the chance and rubbed her back while winking at her.
Selah suddenly felt a shiver of regret run through her, but with her decision already made she wasn’t one to back off. As she thought it over she thought it was just her emotions playing with her, since it was so soon after her and Daniel’s argument. She left the classroom as she felt her whole body turn involuntarily.
Thomas swung her around and looked at her accusingly, “What was that, one second you mooning over Daniel, the next you’re going to the dance with Colby, you can’t be serious?”
Selah suddenly offended by the backlash she was getting from Thomas kept walking ignoring him, it was her life and she was tired of doing what everyone expected her to. She had been through the wringer lately by no choice of her own, she would be the one steering her ship from now on.
As Thomas stood there watching her walk off her knew she would live to regret her decision to go with Colby, she had been in her own world since her mom died and hadn’t been aware of the vicious rumours that had surfaced about her and Daniel, he figured they had a lot to do with her invitation to the dance. He hoped he was wrong about it, he decided he would shut up about it and just try to be there for her, she was in the frame of mind that was impenetrable now, she had just proved it.
A few days later Selah was at work when she saw Mia and Brittany come in. They had been talking through text for the past week or so, so Mia, was up to date on the 
Daniel and Colby situation. She had figured out a way to try and cheer up Selah, as they announced their plans to her as soon as Selah walked over to where they were sitting.
Selah had to admit even Brittany had been there for her in her time of sorrow over all her recent loses. They both had a twinkle in their eyes; a master plan to get her out of her slump, Selah’s curiosity was piqued to say the least.
“Ok out with it you two, what do you have planned?” She questioned them.
They glanced at each other and then Brittany started talking at once, “We were talking with Myra and they said they had tickets to see Mariana’s Trench in concert in the city, and we looked online and there’s still some tickets left for the floor, Mia said they were always one of your favorite bands, the concert is this weekend, so what do you think?”
Selah was shocked they were one of her favorite bands and she had always wanted to go see them live, it would make for a good distraction from Daniel for a while, she had bought their new album as it seemed to fit right in to her mood as of late. “How would we get there and back, don’t they usually run late we would have to stay in the city overnight, I don’t know?” she thought of all the money she had saved her only shopping trip had been for the dance. “How expensive are the tickets anyway sometimes they like 100 dollars or so.”
It was Mia’s turn to talk, “My mom said she would bring us and we could get a hotel room on her, she even said she would take us shopping a bit the next day, it’s perfect don’t you think, my mom can call your dad Selah, and besides you need this,” then she turned to Brittany “we all need the getaway, it’s been a miserable winter.”
Selah couldn’t disagree with that statement, “I guess it would be fun, to see Mariana’s Trench though…I mean wow that Josh Ramsey is so smoking hot, he sizzles! She playfully pretended that here finger was oozing smoke from touching an imaginary Josh. She had to admit seeing him that alone would be worth it, they giggled some more then agreed they would talk more later.
As Selah got home that night she decided she would approached her dad cautiously about the idea of going to the city. As he shocked her before she got a word out  he quickly informed her “I got a phone call from Sharon saying you guys had planned this getaway, they already purchased your ticket ya know, I really think you should go Selah, you’ve been so sad since you and  Daniel split, so I told her I would convince you to go, so no arguing and I going to give you some cash so you can have a good time shopping with the girls, I know it’s rough with just your brother and I here all the time, but this should help you get out of the funk you’ve been in lately, ok”
Selah lifted her eyebrows in shock and quickly shook her head in agreement hoping he wouldn’t change his mind. She was going to see one of her favorite bands, she thought instantly how much her mom would be excited about the concert she had loved them too. She called Mia and updated her on the situation and asked her to thank her mom for her.
She had been really sad lately, she had been so sure Daniel would have called her or texted by now, and her own doubts and insecurities had prevented her from calling 
him. She hadn’t even had the guts to go over to the void since their argument she didn’t want the reminder.
 As she thought about the weekend she found she was a bit excited about the whole trip, the change of scenery would be a welcomed relief, hopefully the thing she needed. The idea of going to the dance with Colby hadn’t made her the least bit excited even though she thought it would, and that was why she had accepted his proposal she hadn’t even told her dad about it, she would spring it on him at the last minute.
As she prepared herself for bed she went to listen to the stories with Jacob, she had been going every night lately. She seemed to be more comfortable in a melancholy mood as of late. She thought about Caleb perhaps he could explain what he knew of Daniel, she felt encouraged all of a sudden to go over there.
As she settled into bed it took no time for her to fall into her familiar routine and slip into the void. She was in her house but in the living room, she wandered outside and traveled to the beach she frequented with Caleb. There was no sign of him anywhere when all of a sudden she felt a pull she had no control as the scenery shifted before her and she found herself in a familiar place the park her mom always took her as a child there was someone on the swings she saw she walked over to have a closer look.
She took a sharp intake of breath as she saw who was swinging back and forth; she walked over expecting a totally different reaction. “Hey how are you?” as she held onto the hope of recognition.
The swing stopped abruptly and she got off, she walked over to Selah and held her close, “I have been waiting for you honey, I’m so glad you came.” Diana held her daughter in her arms.
Selah felt every bone in her body go limp as she released all her tension over the past few weeks. “Do you know who I am mom; are you really here with me right now?” Selah was desperate for her mom’s ear, she needed her.
“Yes it’s me I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you lately, but I’m here now I been appointed your official guardian angel, to watch over you, but since you can come here we can be together too, you’re blessed that way.” She stroked Selah hair like she did when she was a child.
“What do you mean appointed, weren’t you one before?” 
“I wasn’t supposed to but after everything that happened the last time you were here, well I was asked to help you on your journey, and it’s my pleasure.” She sat down on the grass and brought Selah down with her, she wrapped her in her arms and kept playing with her hair.
The true meaning of her mother world of being asked to help her, slipped from her thoughts and she was left with only having her mom besides her instead “So every time I come here I will see you? And we can talk like this; you won’t be spaced out on the past or anything?”
“That’s right we can talk about whatever you like, I might not know all the answers but I’ll try.” Selah felt a hundred times better being with her mom.
“The fellow I came to meet tonight do you know anything about him, his name is Caleb.” Selah suddenly curious why her mom had been appointed and Caleb was gone.
“All I know is that he was sent away, what happened wasn’t right, he made a mistake. That’s all I was told to tell you.” 
“What about Daniel do you know about him, mom?”
Diana looked at her daughter at the anguish on her face with the mere mention of Daniel’s name, “All I can say is Daniel is a good guy… Selah he hasn’t done anything wrong, I know it doesn’t make sense but there are things at play here that just can’t be explained right now, they will hopefully make sense soon. 
Selah felt as if she had made a huge mistake with Daniel, and she didn’t know how to fix it or reach out to him, her pride and stubbornness kept her from him.
“So what can you tell me than mom?” her voice suddenly the same as when she was little and full of insecurities, asking for guidance.
“I can tell you that your special Selah and I’m not just saying this because you’re my daughter, I never told you this story and I think it’s time you heard it.” She lay down on the grass bringing Selah to her as they cuddled like spoons like they used to when she tucked her in bed and read stories.
“Your dad and I hadn’t been married long and we had gone away to this remote cabin that belonged to your dad’s late uncle, we were way in the woods no one around for miles, it was kinda of our honeymoon since we hadn’t gone away, we were dirt poor back then but we loved we loved each other almost fiercely then, we were having some cheap wine when your dad said he was gonna go get some wood for the fireplace, I went and sat outside just listening to the birds and all the wonderful sounds of the wood around us. I suddenly saw what looked like a huge star, I watched it descend I thought at first it was my imagination or the cheap wine playing tricks with my vision but it kept getting bigger.”
“I felt as light as air soon after the light was close enough I could touch it, I knew things were alright that I was safe. It felt like I was surrounded by love. I watched and felt that way for what seemed like hours but only a few minutes had passed, I had the urge to take a picture so I ran into the cabin and grabbed the camera then I snapped away taking picture after picture.” Selah turned on her back listening and watching her mom as she told the story.
“Back then there wasn’t digital cameras so I couldn’t see the pictures until I developed them, when I finally got the film to a camera store I was shocked to see all kinds of picture with just the woods, I remember your dad laughed because I had taken over half the film on some crappy pictures of the woods, no birds or deer, just trees and stuff, and they weren’t even nice pictures…I never told him or anyone about what I saw that night… But getting back to why I am telling you now, after that night when your dad came back we made a fire and we made love all night on the floor of that cabin, it was magical and I just knew we were creating something special… it has always been one of my best nights with your dad…and exactly nine months later you were born.”
Selah didn’t know what to say she was glad her mom had shared her conception, the light had her confused though, “What do you think it meant, the light you saw?”
Diana searched for the perfect words to relay to her daughter on how she felt, “I truly think you were blessed on that night Selah, that you were given special gifts, like being able to travel here to see me.”
Selah was quiet as she contemplated all she had learned tonight, could it be? Was she special, she had always felt different that others, but more a misfit of sorts, except here she felt comfortable, as if she truly belonged. Her mom’s story gave her a sense of truly belonging as she let her feelings overcome her; as she confided it all to her mom.
She felt so much better for the first time since her breakup with Daniel. And she had found some new strength to help her along. She said a small prayer in thanks for her new angel the best one she could have asked for. Whoever it was that was looking out for her, she owed a tremendous debt to. They had given her a great gift, her mom.
 They continued to talk about everything she told her about the weekend trip and how they would be going shopping, Diana told her she would be there with her, just not visible, she would try to tell her when she picked out some nice clothes. She tried to explain to Selah to pay attention to any gut feelings and they would be her trying to communicate.
Selah hated leaving her mom since she had her again but knowing she could see her anytime helped her say goodbye for now, her mom had told her a little thing to do for Jacob to prove she was there for him also. As Selah slipped into her body again and felt into a deep peaceful sleep.


Chapter 11/Regrets & if only

As soon as they left Friday morning Selah decided that she would make the most of her overnighter, she let go of all her anxieties over Daniel and just relaxed with the girls. Mia’s mom had hugged her when she arrived; Selah tried to reassure her that she was alright, and then gave up trying to appease her.
 They listened to Mariana’s Trench the whole way to the city, they stopped and ate at Swiss Chalet as they didn’t have one close to home. The change was welcoming so they enjoyed it, not to mention the food was delicious. 
They talked girl talk the whole time; as they arrived at the Comfort Inn just inside the city. They checked in, then went for a downtown to look at all the quaint shops, Selah found a cute little bear holding a hockey stick, she strongly felt her instinct scream at her to buy it, she knew her mom wanted it for Jacob she had always called him her cuddly bear and he loved hockey so they both fit. Then she looked down and saw the bear had a name, Jake it said on the tag. Selah smiled to herself she would tell Jacob it was what their mom would have bought him.
The concert was only beginning at 7 that night, and the doors only opened at 6, they had an early supper at the nearest Pizza Hut, again another restaurant that they didn’t have back home. They had stuffed crust and enjoyed every morsel; she hadn’t eaten this much in the past week. 
When they left they came across a Lulu lemon store as the girls went in. Selah splurged and spent quite a bit of her money there just buying some workout pants and a sweater, she would have to cherish them at that price.  Feeling slightly reckless, because in a few hours she would be in the same room as Josh Ramsey,and when she had tried on the clothes, Brittany had informed her she had the best looking butt ever in the pants, that alone had cinched the deal.
They got in the growing line waiting to go into the concert, the closer they were to the front of the line, they closer they would be in the mash of people on the floor, trying to get as near to the stage as possible. The excitement was growing in the pit of Selah’s stomach. As it truly dawned on how she was gonna by a few feet away from one of her all-time favorite bands, she had been listening to them for years now, the lead singer had a way of putting so much emotions in each of his songs.
Their new album was all about a bad breakup, it was called Ever After she had never listened to an album that actually never ended, as each song continued into the next one as if a story was being told, she hoped they would play some of their old stuff too, The line was getting much longer, time flew by quickly Selah was glad she had the foresight to dress warm it was chilly tonight. As she noticed some girls in little tank tops and shirts, micro mini’s no jacket. As Mia, Brittany and Selah all looked at each other simultaneously when they spotted them and just all started laughing together. Selah figured they must be band roadies or something, or they hoped to pick up someone on the way home, they looked half dressed.
Soon the doors opened they were all jammed together until a little woman electrically scanned their tickets. They saw the lineup for t-shirts of the featured bands it seemed a good mile long, where had they all came from? As they got in hoping to get
each one, meanwhile Brittany tried to sneak a peek to see what the shirts looked like and off she went. She returned a second later and grabbed Selah wrist and dragged her on, as they went right up to the table from the side and no sooner had they gotten close than a fellow behind the counter selling the shirts asked them what they wanted, Selah glanced at Brit she had a huge smile on her face. They never hesitated and bought what they wanted, forty dollars for a band shirt, but it was worth it, and she would cherish it “Ever after” just like it said.
As they checked their coats, found some water at a booth; then proceeded to pile into the mass of people congregating in the arena in front of the stage. Trying to push their way up as close as possible, it was an experience Selah knew she would never forgot the smells of bodies pressed together and sweat, the sheer excitement floating in the air was part of the whole ordeal. 
As they waited for the opening act to begin they talked and people watched, Mia`s mom Sharon had chosen to keep an eye on the girls from a much safer distance. She wanted no part of the mob of people squeezed in front of the stage. Selah glanced back at her occasional, her excitement mounting as they had managed to be a mere 10 feet from the stage. They had made sure that they stayed glued together, Selah had brought her camera and her phone took very clear pictures, she took a trial picture to see how  it would be from the distance they were from the stage. Her camera did a decent job, she then tried her phone, after she had taken a picture she automatically put it into her files, suddenly the first thing in her vision was the picture Daniel had taken of himself staring back at her. She hadn`t seen any sign of him since the huge fight they had had. She felt her eyes fill up as she saw him staring back at her.
 Mia quickly saw what was going on and hugged her telling her it would be ok. “ It was his lost, right? Holy shit Selah! Can you see something shiny red back there on the side of the stage?”
“Do you think it’s him? Could it really be?” She let her thoughts get carried away with the prospect that they had just seen Josh Ramsey. She grabbed Mia hand and squeezed tightly. 
Selah skimmed over the picture and found the one she had just taken of the stage it was really clear. Deciding she would just use her phone, and then she could post it to her Facebook acct. easier. It wasn’t long before, the lights went down and the first band began to play, Selah had heard of them before, they were called All-time Low. They were an American band while Mariana’s Trench were a Canadian band, they were on for about half an hour, then another band came on for another half an hour, they were being continuously pushed and prodded by people trying to get better access to the stage, Selah watched as paramedic pulled a girl out from the throngs of people, she had passed out and the crowd was stepping over her to get closer still. Selah nursed her bottle of water slowly, she was sweating profusely the outfit the girls at the door had, were looking pretty good to her now, as the temperature soared from the body heat alone.
The lights came back on the next band was finally the one she was waiting for, she managed to ignore the heat and began feeling all excited again, she watched a fight break out with two girl not too far from where they were, one slapped the other because they had tried to cut in front of one another, Selah knew if she did feel faint she was so jammed in with other people she wouldn’t even fall to the ground they would keep her up.
She watched as the crew prepared the stage for the grand entrance of the band, they had wheeled out a large box, it had a crank on the side like a child’s jack in the box. They changed the band equipment quickly as Selah saw the band’s name printed on the set of drums. The excitement was building as the reality of seeing them in a few short minutes dawned on her.
Suddenly the lights were lowered and the music began it sounded like a musical jewelry box, suddenly a figurine popped out from the box, and there he was Josh Ramsey the lead singer of Mariana`s Trench he had a sparkly white coat on and red metallic pants. 
Selah turned to Mia and in unison they both screamed, “It was him earlier!”
Selah was so surprised at how tall he was in person ,as he began singing one of the songs from his new album, they all jumped up excitedly the moment they had been waiting for was here at last.
He talked a bit to the crowd saying “Hello Halifax,” and introducing the different band members. Then he went right into his next song as the girls sang along he looked right at Selah it seemed, singing the song. Selah had goose bumps run through her whole body, this was amazing.  He kicked it up a notch and began singing a song with a faster tempo next thing she knew he just literally dropped himself into the crowd. Like you saw groupies do in videos. He was lifted by the crowd, when the next thing the girls knew he was passing on top of them Selah reached out and helped push him along while he kept singing, she managed to grab his very firm derriere and Mia had his leg. He let  it continued for a while longer in the rest of the crowd, then he was brought back to the stage as he finished the song. When he got back onstage he pulled out an old sock someone had shoved down his pants while he was being carried around, how gross was that!
Selah watched as a girl not far from her removed her bra then threw it onto the stage, Josh caught it and put it on for a laugh, as he removed it he started into the next set of songs. Selah was enjoying fully immersed in every second longing it to never end, this was the best time she had had in a while. They sang until their voices were cracking, as they watched the entire band sing with Josh, they sure did know how to put on a good show. It lasted for what seemed just a short while, but it had been much closer to an hour. As they sang their last song, the crowd cheered and hollered so much they came back for an encore. 
Before Selah knew it the concert was over, she clutched her souvenir t-shirt as they slowly made their way out of the crowd. They all talked a mile a minute about all the strange occurrences that had taken place they had all seen different sights. It was a long night since they were all wound up tight after that, as they went to their hotel room, they saw the wee hours of the morning before they all managed to crash exhausted from the adventure.
The next morning they were dragged out of bed by Mia`s mom around 9 am saying they had to get washed up to shop and check out of the room. They were not a very lively bunch shopping that was for sure, but they made the best of it, as Selah spent most of the 
money her dad had given her to shop with, she only bought items she pictured her mom approving of. 
She could feel her there with her all afternoon, she enjoyed her time with her friends and suddenly began to wonder why she had been so hasty before to begin relationships with any girls, as she thought about it she knew she had been guarded after she had been rejected by Mia all those years ago, she hoped she didn`t get the same way with boys after her breakup with Daniel, but she couldn`t ever picture herself with anyone but him.
 On the way home Selah busied herself posting her pictures onto her Facebook timeline, she passed and stared at the picture of Daniel, he was so handsome, he was only briefly ever out of her mind, the minute Josh Ramsey had made his appearance on stage he had disappeared from her thoughts, I mean it was Josh Ramsey! But he had crept in steadily since the concert ended, she would have to confront him she wished she hadn’t made plans with Colby for the dance. It was as if she were betraying Daniel, she would be clear with Colby right from the start, then she would try her best to work things out with who she wanted to, no  needed to be with, Daniel.
Daniel had spent the entire weekend at the Jones house he loved being there. It helped him immensely he could picture Selah there everywhere and all the photos of her helped too.
 They hadn’t had a lot of time to practice together so when Peter called him saying he had shipped Selah off to the city for a two days, well he jumped at the chance, he kept asking silly questions about Selah, and Peter answered surprisingly amusing him..
As the boys played guitar and ordered pizza it actually felt like old times and Daniel tried to imagine that Selah was just in the bathroom or even at work, so that things were normal, they were still together and everything was mint.
They had had to let Jacob in on their little secret he was ecstatic and told them he wanted to witness the big show, promising to keep it quiet until then. He was glad Daniel was not out of the picture just yet.
-----*****-----
When Selah got back home after her adventure she went to bed early and slept late, she had trouble sleeping in strange beds and the hotel had been no exception. Beside they hadn’t gone to bed that early, leaving too little time for actual sleeping.
Jacob had loved the bear she had gotten him and had placed it next to his bed and close to the tape recorder, Selah wondered if he would actually cuddle with it when he went to bed, if he did she would never tell a soul.
The next week was upon her before she knew it, and Selah never had a chance to talk with Daniel he was literally nowhere to be found.  He hadn`t even responded to a text from Jacob after much convincing on Selah part, to convince him to do it under false pretenses, she was a coward so afraid of rejection she dared not try herself.  It seemed as if it was years since they had last spoken and the more time she put between them the harder it was to make the first move.
She spent her days with her friends at school, she hadn`t made it very far in badminton after the new assistant coach had suddenly failed to make regular appearances, she
had ended the season in fourth place in the provincials not even ranking high enough to go to regionals.
She worked her 18 hours a week and while she was there let her thoughts drift on Daniel and all the memories they had there, there was a open mic night coming up, it was the only thing she remotely looked forward to, she had to work and she knew it would be busy so she wouldn`t have time to moon over Daniel, it was her only consolation. 
She barely ate her heart just wasn`t into it, and just swallowed enough to keep her body going, she just was never hungry. She had even tried to change her plans for the dance with Colby but he wouldn`t hear none of it, he told her it would be just the thing to cheer her up, he was sure of it. It was making her physically sick thinking she had to explain to her dad who she was going with, when she knew he would be disappointed in her choice. And her dress had been picked out with Daniel in mind, she would definitely feel too self-conscious with Colby showing that much flesh, her shoulders would be bare, and there was a long slit in the skirt that parted when she walked.  A bit too sexy for someone she wasn`t interested in at all, but it was too hard to change it now.
The night before the dance as she was washing up the dishes her dad reading the paper at the table, Selah stopped and was looking at him. She had a renewed respect for him; he had totally stopped drinking and had never started again. He was doing so much better now in the weeks following her mom`s death, she wished she could explain to him how she saw her all the time now, almost every night she went and spent some time with her.
 Her mom had told her things about her dad that Selah had never known as she stared at him she saw the new lines that creased around his face they had not been there before. He had suffered a much greater lost than she had with Daniel, but he hadn`t complained about having to raise two kids alone, she had thought she had heard him crying sometimes late at night but he had kept it to himself, she walked behind him and hugged him from the back.
Peter so surprised by the physical affection Selah was bestowing on him dropped his paper and returned the hug as best as he could. He had never admitted it, but knew the children were his anchor in this storm he had set sail upon this terrible winter. But spring was coming he knew and new life came with spring every year, he only had to hang on until then then things would get easier and easier, he would tell no-one how grateful he was for the distraction Daniel had become for him, he didn’t want to come off as selfish.. And was really glad he had decided to help him, and Selah would be too if he knew her at all.
He wished he could tell Selah about their plan, but they had promised each other to keep silent until the time came. Actually they hadn`t even confided in Jacob until the weekend, not wanting to ruin it in case he let it slip. “Are you alright honey?” Peter asked her, concerned.
Selah hesitated slightly, she had to confess to him hating herself suddenly, “Dad have you ever done something you wish you could take back?”
“Yeah, why?”
‘Just wondering.” Nervously biting her lip
 “We all have, at one point,” Peter wondered what was leading up to the question. “Don’t go beating yourself up over it though, tomorrow is a new day to change things.” He offered.
Selah sighed deeply, “What if it’s not that easy, to change things, I mean if it’s too late and people were depending on you.”
He looked at her wondering what she meant, “Is this about Daniel, I know you have been moping around the house lately, why don’t you call him and apologize?”
Selah looked at her dad, if only things were that easy, she had messed everything up. She thought, “sure dad I’ll call Daniel and tell him I want you back but oh by the way I’m going to the Valentine’s day dance with this guy I crushed on for the past 3 years, she thought, yeah he would be so like Of course Selah baby no prob, you can see as many guys as you like and I gonna be right here for you!” Instead she said, “Well yes and no, I told someone I was gonna do something and I can’t back out now, and I wish I could.”
“What do you have to do?”
“Well I had bought this great dress to go to the dance with Daniel when things were great, then we had that big fight and I can’t even bring myself to apologize to Daniel, but when I was still pissed at him this guy asked me if I would go to the dance with him and I said yes, cause well…but I wish I was going with Daniel, dad, I made a big mistake and I don’t know how to fix things, Colby said it was too late to cancel cause very other girl he wanted to go with is going with someone else. But if Daniel finds out…what should I do?” she lifted her arms up in exasperation.
Peter was speechless for all of a few minutes what would Daniel say, he knew he was crazy over Selah, but with someone else in the picture…well that really put a damper on the situation. “So this is what teenage drama is all about.” Peter instantly wished he had shown a bit more compassion to his daughter, the look she gave him said he had gone too far.
“Maybe you should give Daniel a bit more credit, he’s a good guy, and Selah if this other guy doesn’t mean anything I’m sure he’ll understand, does this mean you two are getting back together?” he asked hopefully.
Selah again bit her lip nervously, she wished she could call him and ask his forgiveness. “I don’t think it’s that easy dad, I was really angry towards him.” She remembered how she had hit him and he had done nothing. “I’m lucky if he ever talks to me again.”
Peter watched his daughter’s reaction he had called it right she was just like her mom, a forest fire at first and if you tried to pour water on her well it just changed direction and kept burning, but if you let time wear her down she eventually fizzled out, and came around to the right way of thinking. She would enjoy the little thing Daniel had planned for her, as she would never be able to say she was sorry first. He wouldn’t let Daniel know about this dance, it would be over before they knew it and they could forget it had ever taken place.
“Just go to the dance with the boy then tell him that’s it, if that’s how you feel honey, no harm no fowl, right?”
Selah was glad she had confessed to her dad she did feel a little better now. “I hope so dad…and dad thanks for listening I know it’s not easy for you, drama and all. Oh and I forgot to say thank you for the weekend, it was a lot of fun.
Peter got up and hugged his daughter, she was so much like his Diana, “I do know one thing is that women love to shop, and have a good time with other women. I know it a lot of testosterone in this house, and you need a different kind of nurturing. Did Mia’s mom talk to you on the trip?”
She had forgotten, Sharon had pulled Selah aside in the mall and tried to have a heart to heart with her, saying if she needed anything she could go to her for advice. Selah couldn’t tell her she still had her mom, they would think she was crazy. “Yeah she did, she said I could lean on her. I don’t know though dad, it doesn’t feel right to do that …you know what I mean right? I thanked her though.”  Selah thought of the stories her mom told her of them when they were younger and first together she wondered what her dad’s side of the story was. “Dad did you and mom go to a cabin in the wood before I was born?”
Peter froze for a second, surprised by the question, as he remembered…that had been a magical time, Diana always said Selah had been conceived then, he didn’t think she had told Selah that story though… “Why are you asking?”
“Just wondering mom told me a story about a cabin, she said it had been some of the best times ever…she said you were the best thing that had ever happened to her, and you two were a perfect fit, like a glove.”
Peter had heard Diana say those words on numerous occasions, he had always thought they were for his ears only…as Selah said them he felt a wave of emotion run through him, it felt good to remember the good times.
Selah then said something she hoped would reassure her dad, “She’s here with us all the time you know dad, she’s just harder to see that’s all, but if you have your heart open you can feel her presence.”
Peter looked deep in Selah eyes and saw a maturity there he hadn’t noticed before he had felt Diana’s presence but had been too afraid to mention it thinking they would think he was drinking again. “I feel her too, all the time that’s why I stopped drinking she was mad at me for checking out on you guys, I could feel it.”
Selah smiled at him glad to have him opening up to her, her mom had been worried. They continued to talk about their mom revealing things to each other that helped their grieving process, they were passed the anger, denial, and had finally come to the acceptance, and they both felt that she would always be with them. Lucky for Selah in the void she was accessible to her when she went there. Peter clung to the hope that in his heart and mind she would be kept alive forever, to be his memories.
“Whatever you do don’t ditch me tonight!” she texted Thomas.
A few minutes later she felt the familiar vibrations, “Will try but no promises I have to keep Cindy entertained, and ya know how she likes all my attention!”
“Whatever!”
 Selah observed herself in the mirror she wished she had a different dress on, she would wear a shawl or something to tone it down, and it was way too sexy for Colby.
Peter took one look at Colby and didn’t like him on the spot, he seemed arrogant and a bit too self-assured he wished it was Daniel here instead.  He had sat down the minute he walked in and started talking about himself as if he were the next best thing to milk and bread, he was trying to figure what Selah had ever seen in him.
“I want Selah home by midnight if you don’t mind,” Peter said in his deepest tone of voice hoping to put some fear in the boy.
Colby turned and casually looked at Peter “I’m having a small gathering of some of Selah closest friends after the dance, so we might be a bit late on the curfew ok pops.” He answered cockily.
Peter wanted to smack him in the head, and was about to say something when Selah began descending down the stairs, she was gorgeous a real knockout, he could see why she had bought the dress for Daniel it emphasized her every curve, and made her long legs look longer, the jerk she was taking instead was almost drooling as he looked at her.
Colby whistled as she walked down the stairs, when she reached the bottom she saw she was actually taller than Colby with her heels; she wouldn’t have that problem if she was with Daniel. She felt as if Colby was looking right thru her, could see her naked or something he reminded her of the perverted old men she sometimes saw at the park. He had whistled at her like she was a dog, had she been blind all these years? Or maybe Daniel had raised the bar for all men.
They made their way to the dance as Selah got there she looked desperately for someone she knew so she wouldn’t be left alone with him, he was giving her the creeps, he brought her in a corner and pulled a flask of liquor out of his pocket, offering her some, Selah flatly refused. Great he was drinking she hoped he didn’t get too rowdy. He guzzled the liquor and called her a “wimp” Selah didn’t care what he thought of her.
He grabbed her, his breath stinking of whiskey, “I figured you going out with an older guy would have made you much more flexible,” he grabbed her butt cheek and laughed.
Selah slapped his hand away disgusted by him, he held onto her arm. “Hold on there missy! You and me are gonna have some fun tonight; he held her close as he lead her on the dance floor it was a slow song. Selah looked around and spotted Mia with her date, she waited for the music to be over then rushed over with her before Colby had a chance to stop her.
She convinced Mia to go get some punch with her, as they got to the refreshment table Selah took one sip and saw it was spiked and put it back down, they went out to the vending machine and paid for a water, Selah had put her phone and a bit of money in her bra, thank god. 
“Did you know Colby was such an ass?” Selah asked her.
Mia looked at her not a bit surprised, “Yes, I was surprised when you said you were coming to the dance with him, he’s a total player and he treats women like they are dirt.”
Selah wished she had asked them before, “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I figured you knew it’s not a secret, and well you went out with Daniel so I thought you were…you know”
“Know what, what are you talking about?”
“He’s gonna try to have sex with you, he think’s you and Daniel...” She left the rest unsaid.
Selah felt the fool why hadn’t she seen this coming, she would be polite and then that was that, she would say goodnight at the end of the dance and be done with him for good. She spotted Thomas across the way; she excused herself from Mia and went over to Thomas. 
“So tell me you didn’t know he was ass of the century!”
“Were ya gonna listen to anything I said, miss I know what I’m doing, so don’t question my motives.” the response eerily settling on her.
“But”
“You were your own continent needed no outside help, what the hell Selah”
“He thinks I had sex with Daniel”
“Well didn’t ya?” The look on her face told a different story. “I’m sorry Sel, the rumours have been going around for a while, I mean why else…” he stopped talking letting the remainder of his thoughts linger in the stale air.
“Ya, go ahead finish it, why else was he with me?” her phone was slipping out of her bra, suddenly afraid she would lose it, she passed it to Thomas for safe keeping, she wondered what she had gotten into, and apparently she was the only one in the dark about her escort. 
Thomas had tried to warn her weeks before she should have listened. He was actually having a good time with Cindy he had been spending a lot of time with her since he had asked her to the dance, and well there was just something about someone who hung on your every word, he could get used to it. And besides Selah had made it clear he stood no chance with her. He watched as Colby came over and led her on the dance floor, she seemed to be stiff as a board.
Selah dance a few fast songs with Colby, refusing the slow ones, not wanting to be any closer to him than she needed. Her water was gone she told Colby she was going to go find another one, he told her to sit tight,it was the least he could do.
A few minutes later he arrived with her water, as he was about to give it to her he opened it for her, then passed it to her. It was hot in the gym; Selah took a big swig of the bottle feeling instantly refreshed.
“So do you want to leave soon to go to my place, I have to get some things ready for the party, put away the fine china and stuff,” he held onto Selah hand, while laughing at his lame joke.
“I don’t think I want to go to your party Colby, I’m gonna stay and get a ride home from Thomas, ok” she shifted her eyes to where she saw Thomas laughing with Cindy.
“Oh you’re gonna come for a little while, you have to, you’ll have loads of fun trust me.” Colby smiled his sweetest smile which fell short by a mile in sincerity.
Selah rose from the chair and felt her whole body swaying, she was dizzy all of a sudden, things weren’t right, her hearing was even muffled, what was going on. Colby grabbed her by the arm to steady her, every part of her body felt like foreign, detached not her own, she turned and scanned the crowd for Thomas he was still laughing with Cindy, as her vision blurred she almost doubled over she was so weak.
As she barely held on to consciousness she felt herself moving, but it was like in slow motion. She managed to put one foot in front of the other, she heard a voice saying they would get her to a chair. It felt like hours trying to make it to a chai,r didn’t she have one right behind her, she couldn’t lift her head higher than her breast. She stumbled and felt her heel bend and snap, suddenly there was a cool breeze as if she was outside. Then she felt herself being lifted right off the ground, she was being carried. Her mind was so sluggish and her ability to move was getting worse and worse. She suddenly realized what was going on, he had drugged her. The water he had  opened it before he gave it to her. He was taking her to his house; she barely lifted her arm to fend him off.
He laughed at her feeble attempt to smack him, she felt herself being swung down from his arms, someone had to be seeing this, and someone would help her.
“Is she alright?” Selah heard a female voice ask.
“She drank way too much, she’s an amateur,” Colby answered smugly, Selah wanted to scream but had no voice, no words came out, she hadn’t drank anything. He put her in the back seat of the car, she suddenly heard more male voices joining in, he wasn’t alone.
Selah tried everything in her power to lift her hand for her phone so she could call 911, she finally was able to reach up  to her bra and found nothing, Thomas had her phone, the panic began to set in, she was out of options and her strength vanished, she felt the tears streaming from her eyes as the reality of her situation sunk in.
“So you had to drug her, she wouldn’t come willingly?” A voice asked, Selah had no idea who else was in the car, “That too bad it’s so much better when their willing, a few more drinks though, and it won’t matter much?” he snorted disgustingly.
Thomas had turned his head just in time to see Selah leaving the gym, he had been surprised to see how cuddly she was with Colby, he walked over to the doors she had asked him to bring her home, he would ask her if she changed her mind. As he got outside he saw she was being carried by Colby, he heard the girl ask if she was alright and then Colby’s response. He suddenly felt a huge amount of bile rise up in his throat, what was going on. Selah was literally thrown in the back of a car as 3 more guys got in, he could feel the sweat running down his back.
 But what could he do?  There was only him, he struggled in his pockets for his phone, and instead found Selah’s he did the first thing that popped in his mind and looked through her contacts and made the call.
Selah couldn’t stop her eyes from tearing she heard the car stop and the doors opening and closing she felt her body being lifted and carried, she tried to get a good look at her surrounding but she couldn’t stop her vision from clouding, whether from her tears or the drugs in her body she wasn’t sure. She knew she was being carried in a house she manage to see the color grey. Colby’s house was grey with white trim she remembered, she was at Colby’s.
She felt herself dropped from high on something soft bouncy, she assumed it was a bed, she managed to turn her head to look around the room, she was on a bed and there was a bedside table she thought she could make out a phone there.
“Let’s go have ourselves a quick drink before we unwrap our present.” A male voice uttered.
 She squinted her eyes to see who it belonged to, dark hair medium height, then he was gone, they all were. Selah tried desperately to scoot herself over towards the phone it was as if she was stuck in cement her body was so heavy.
It seemed like a few minutes had passed of her trying to reach the phone to call for help, but she was trembling from her exertion, she heard the door open and saw the four guys enter. She tried desperately to go into the void but her panicking left her totally unfocused she couldn’t concentrate enough, she closed her eyes they were all drunk she could smell the alcohol on their breath as they got closer she felt the tears pour down again as she began to pray.
Daniel had been at home when his cell phone rang showing Selah‘s number as the caller, his emotions took a leap for joy. He didn’t care if he wasn’t supposed to talk to her yet.
 So when he heard a male voice on the other end he had trouble wrapping his mind around the situation and it didn’t help that Thomas was talking a mile a minute. He got on his motorcycle and took off for the high school; his mom had taken the car, so the bike was his only choice to get there fast. He hoped he had understood the situation wrong, he drove like a maniac to get there as soon as possible, within a few minutes he was at the school and jumped into Thomas’s vehicle as soon as he spotted it, leaving the bike there not caring what happened to it.
Daniel could feel the fear creep up inside him like a like an insect filling him with doubts and crazy thoughts, he urges Thomas to drive faster. Thomas listened his face looking just as anxious as Daniel’s; Cindy sat motionless in the back seat.
. When they arrived Daniel ran out of the car leaving the door ajar and busted into the house he never even checked if the door was unlocked instead ramming it in with his shoulder. He felt nothing he was filled with pure adrenaline now, he had to protect Selah, it meant everything.
As he found the room she was in, he accessed the situation in one single glance four to one, he never hesitated just acted.
Selah thought the drugs were making her hallucinate, all of a sudden she saw Daniel or what looked like Daniel entered the room. Everything after that was as if it was in slow motion, Daniel kick the fellow leaning in towards the bed looking to make the first move on Selah. He was pushed back with such force his head butted the guy besides him in the stomach, making him vomit instantly. Then he leaped over the bed barely missing Selah and punched the other guy while he was midair on  the other side of the room, blood spurted from his nose as it sprayed all over her. He grabbed at his nose and cursed, lunging towards Daniel, Daniel then took his arm and twisted it behind his back, Selah was sure she heard a snap, the first guy Daniel had kicked began to move slightly he was covered in vomit from the guy behind him. Daniel went right for the one he wanted the most, Colby, Thomas had told him who had drugged her.
Colby was astonished in the corner trying to comprehend what was happening, it was that fast. Daniel grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and lifted him off the ground, slamming him into the wall. Selah heard glass breaking and then she saw neither as Daniel began to pommel him on the floor all she could see was a fist raising and falling, and it was bloodier with each swing. They all watched no one daring to pull Daniel off Colby.
Cindy screamed when she saw the blood. As Thomas found courage to break Daniel out of his frenzy, he put his hand on his shoulder and quietly said “Enough, Daniel, you don’t want to kill him do you?”
  Daniel looked at him without any recognition, his eyes were glazed over with something Selah could not describe, and he would have killed him she was sure. He got up and sat gently besides her, he looked at the remaining guys in the room they were all suddenly sober; they sunk down to the floor not wanting to look at Daniel, ashamed suddenly.
“If I ever hear that any of you did this to another girl I will personally make sure I finish what I started here tonight…and no-one will be there to stop me.” The tone of Daniel’s voice was pure cold fury, Selah felt chills run down her spine she had no doubt that he wasn’t bluffing.
He reached on the bed and lifted Selah up as if she were a rag doll, and motioned for Thomas to lead the way. They made their way to the car and he never once let her go, she could feel him trembling with the rage inside. Selah tried her best to talk as the words barely came out, he held her close to his chest cradling her.
“Sorry” she whispered to him, her fears all coming to the surface she wished it was under different circumstances that they had been reunited. She searched his face for something…
Daniel looked at Selah knowing if they had been together she would have never had to go through such an ordeal, “Don’t talk its ok,” as he pushed her hair back behind her ear she saw the swollen knuckles where he had punched Colby continuously they were bloody she wondered how much was Daniel’s blood if any. 
She wished she could tell him how she felt but it had taken everything out of her to just get  “sorry” out, she tried to keep her eyes open but they kept getting heavier, at least she was safe, Daniel would never hurt her she was certain of that now, it felt right being here with him. She struggled to keep her eyes open still, Daniel was looking at her with such love she was sure she felt it, he took his fingers and rubbed her eyebrows gently and whispered “Sleep my angel, sleep your safe now I will never let you down again, I promise.” She drifted the drugs ultimately winning, she smiled when she heard his voice and was sure she heard him say “I love you” as she lost consciousness.


Chapter 12/Calm before the storm

Selah woke the next morning with a dry throat feeling as if she had been run over by a tank, she had a strange taste in her mouth, she saw she was in her pj’s and wondered who had done that hoping it was Daniel. Memories of all that had happened came crashing down on her, she had never thought it was possible in such a small town to be a victim of such a thing, she had been oh so wrong. And Daniel had become her knight and shining armour, it felt right somehow she didn’t know why but it felt right like he was supposed to protect her. He had been as fierce as a lion, he hadn’t hesitated even slightly he was beautiful to watch. He had done it all so gracefully, except the part with Colby but she felt no remorse for what had befallen that jerk.
She made her way to the bathroom, her head was pounding she searched the medicine cabinet for some Tylenol or Advil; she had escaped another close call by the skin of her teeth this time.
As she made her way downstairs wondering what her dad would say when he saw her.
Peter took one look at Selah and immediately went and held her tight to his chest, if Daniel hadn’t went to save her…well he just didn’t even want to think about the consequence. He wished he would have prevented her from going, especially after his gut instinct had told him Colby was a major douche bag the night before.
 Like Selah he had no idea these things were taking place in their small town, last night he has made sure he called the principal making him aware of the situation.  Now he had to ask Selah if she wanted to press charges, they could bring her to the hospital and have her tested to see what they had actually put in her drink. As he asked Selah what she wanted to do, she was crying and apologizing all at once.
As Peter pulled her away from him for a second trying to console her telling her “It’s not your fault, never think it was your fault ok.”
Selah knew she had done nothing to provoke Colby if anything she had been frigid and mean to him the night before. Just wanting to have the night done with and go home. “I know dad it’s just…I thought I was a goner, then Daniel was there…I really should talk to him. Did he say anything to you last night?”
Peter had talked a long time with Daniel while he iced his hand he had been still full of rage and Peter had talked him down, reassuring him he would make sure those boys didn’t get away with what they had done.
 Daniel’s hand was badly messed up and he had persuaded Thomas to bring him to the hospital, it looked as if he had broken it or badly bruised to say the least. 
He had talked to him this morning and found out that he had had a cast put on; he had a few broken fingers and a dislocated knuckle, and wouldn’t be able to play the guitar for a while. 
Selah listened to her dad telling her that she should go to the hospital to get thoroughly checked out. As she agreed, she was adamant she didn’t want to press charges, she didn’t want things to have to go to court or something, besides Daniel had given them quite a lesson.
Colby was the one she disliked the most, and her dad had heard that he had a broken jaw and nose along with quite a few missing teeth, she hoped that alone would teach him a lesson, at the hospital they requested a blood test done to check for drugs, they found a few bruises on Selah arms where he had grabbed her a few times, but Selah remembered those had occurred even before he had drugged her. She was glad the whole experience was over.
 She needed to talk to Daniel, she had a huge headache all day, and no amount of pills took it away, a possible side effect of what he had given her, when she got home she saw the principal was waiting at their house to hear her side of the story.
 She told him all she remembered and asked him what would happen to Colby and his friends? Selah didn’t even know all of them, but her dad having called last night had the principal at his house to question him and had turned up all the culprits still sitting there as people arrived after the dance wanting to party, Colby had been drunk enough that he didn’t feel the effect of the major beating he had gotten, yet.
Selah tried calling Daniel and got no answer, she had to work tonight and she couldn’t cancel, it was the monthly open mic night and most of the girls were working because it was a really busy affair. She hoped no-one questioned her on last night, she had heard that it was booked up solid for open mic a comic, some poetry reading and there was something special planned for last, as long as it passed fast was all that mattered to Selah tonight.
It was packed like a can of sardines in the café. There were even some people standing or all scrunched into a booth that usually fit 6 people with barely any room, tonight they had 8 stuffed in there, and others were standing. She saw that there was also a line to get in, and the regulars were being rushed to drink their coffee and not hang around as per usual.
 They girls all seemed to be in a great mood; as soon as Selah had come in she had seen a chair and a guitar leaning against the wall, she was told it was for the last act, some guys  were gonna sing a song. 
Her shift began at 6 and the open mike began at 6:30 until 9 or so, before she knew it the first person went up and began telling jokes.  He must have practiced for a while because he would laugh at his own jokes, even if they weren’t very funny. 
Selah did catch joke about a little boy who had gone to visit his grandparents and woken up early to make them coffee and happily brought it to them in bed, the grandfather took one sip and realized it was the worst coffee he had ever tasted, but being a good sport decided to down the cup getting the experience out of the way as fast as he could. When he got to the bottom he discovered a little green army man sitting in the bottom of his cup. He proceeded to inform his grandson “Thank you that was good, but tell me why there was a green man in the bottom?” the grandfather was confused and wondered.
The little boy with much enthusiasm showing in his little eyes answered in an excited voice, “Well grandpa, it’s like they say on the commercial, the best part of waking up are soldiers in your cup!”
The crowd in the café all laughed and he ended his skit on the applause, as young girl all dressed EMO like in black from top to bottom was the next.  She recited a very dark poem about death and suffering, the mood changing quite somber after.
 Selah hoped there were more comics, but she was so busy refilling cups and getting orders, she saw a few people leave after the girl had received not too many applause it wasn’t this crowds cup of tea obviously.
  Then there was a bunch of young boys who asked to have a portion of the floor cleared away as they began to do a hip hop dance while they beat boxed some bass to dance to. Everyone stopped and watched they were pretty amazing, one of the boys looked no older than 10, some people had so much talent, she noticed the crowd kept changing as different acts finished, having brought their own fan base she assumed.
Emma was working as she must have been single again because was flirting with every half good looking guy over the age of sixteen Selah couldn’t help but laugh at her.
She told Selah she had split up with her boyfriend because he was too conceded, he thought his ass looked so good he was gonna get a w tattooed on each butt cheek so when he bent over it would say WOW cause it looked that good, Selah busted a gut over that, Emma had been serious but she laughed too it was so ridiculous, it had given her a good reason to break up with him, but she agreed he did have a sweet little butt. But WOW really!
They next few acts were good; a pretty young girl sang a slow ballad while she played the guitar. Selah hardly contained her surprise, when she saw Jacob entering the café with her dad in toe.
She went over to them “What cha doing here?”
‘We thought it was time for dad to have at it with his guitar” 
“Seriously?”
“Yup, got to work out my stage fright.” 
‘Wow, I never realized you were getting that good,” she saw them to a table.
“Nothing like a vote of confidence from my daughter!” Peter looked down pretending  disappointment. 
Selah looked at the clock it was already 8:30 if all her shifts went by this fast it would be awesome. She saw another girl go up and she read a really beautiful poem about her best friend, it brought mostly everyone there to tears. She had put so much emotion in her words, it could have easily been a song, Selah wondered if she would become a songwriter one day. 
Then Selah saw her dad go up and grab the guitar he was taking his time preparing he began by saying a few word first, Selah listened and was confused with what he said.
Peter was nervous he hadn’t wanted to play tonight but since Daniel had broken his hand the night before it had left him no choice, the plan had been for Daniel to serenade Selah all on his own, he was glad he could help thought otherwise he would have had to cancel the whole thing. 
He began as Daniel had asked him to “This is for my daughter, she means the world to me and this song is going to help her clarify any confusion she might have about things, trust me honey, and listen to all the words ok.”
Selah stopped in her tracks and listened she heard her dad begin playing his acoustic guitar, she felt her knees quiver as she heard a different voice, a beautiful voice singing. 
 She saw Daniel come towards her from the back of the café and these were the words he sang to her…it was a Jason Mraz song which she loved.
When I look into your eyes, it’s like watching the night’s sky
Or a beautiful sunrise, there’s so much they hold
And just like them old stars, I see that you’ve come so far 
To be right where you are, how old is your soul
I won’t give up on us, even if the skies get rough
I’m giving you all my love, I’m still looking up
And when you need your space, to do some navigating
I’ll be here patiently waiting, to see what you find.
Cause even the stars they burn, some even fall to the earth
We got a lot to learn, but god knows we’re worth it
No I won’t give up
I don’t want to be someone who walks away so easily
I’m here to stay and make the difference that I can make.
Our difference they do a lot to teach us how to use the tools we got
 Here, cause what we got, we got a lot at stake
And in the end your still my friend, at least we did intend for us to work
We didn’t break we didn’t burn, we had to learn how to bend 
Without the world caving in I had to learn
 What I got, what I’m not, and who I am
I won’t give up on us, even if the skies get rough
I’m giving you all my love, I’m still looking up
I’m looking up; well I won’t give up on us
God know I’m tough enough, we’ve got a lot to learn
God know were worth it, I won’t give up on us 
Even if the skies get rough I’m giving you all my love 
Even if the skies get rough, I’m still looking up.
Selah was mesmerized by Daniel and the words he sang, as he came right before her sequestering all her attention, there was no-one else there just the two of them, she felt the emotion in each word he sang, and knew he was singing with his whole heart, it was beautiful. She felt the tears linger in her eyes as she was filled with raw emotion, his feeling for her running through her very soul, everything he had done for her in the past twenty four hours alone came crashing down on her, she felt the enormity of him, she was blessed to have him.
Daniel wished he could have played the guitar and done everything for her and only her. When Peter had suggested singing for her, as he had done for her mother years ago Daniel had to admit it was an amazing plan.
 He couldn’t think of any reason she wouldn’t enjoy it, but as he found himself before her in the moment, the magnitude of what they were creating between each other sank in.  He knew she belonged to him and no other, he saw it clearly in her eyes, the very window of her soul. They had come full circle, their time was now.
As the song ended he put the microphone down and embraced her, Selah kissed him, holding onto him dearly, having missed him so much. Overwhelmed with emotions she kissed him completely unaware of the hooting and hollering of the crowd of people in the café, there was only one person and he loved her and forgave her stupidity, it was all that mattered.
He whispered in her ear “Do you forgive me?”
Selah could barely contain her joy at having him back “Yes, Yes I forgive you, I missed you so much, and I love you, and Happy Birthday Daniel.”
“Thank you for making this my best birthday ever, you’re the only present I have ever wanted, or will ever need, I love you so much Selah,
The next few weeks were magical for Selah and Daniel they were inseparable, he picked her up from work, they watched movies together, made meals, he watched the hockey games with Jacob. They had enjoyed spending a lot of time together during the March break and they looked forward to a wonderful spring. She was the happiest she had ever been. 
She even brought him to meet her mom in the void, he was very courteous and Selah felt as if things were complete, no holes, Daniel showed her things about the void that she never imagined were possible, he was a water sign. He had shown her everything he knew about making weaves of power, she tried but with difficulty to create different items, and he had the ability to pull water up from the earth where there was none to be seen, he was more talented at fighting though which didn’t take her by surprise after what she had witnessed at Colby’s. 
He practiced fighting stances while she worked on her elemental skills, he showed no surprise how talented she was with all the elements. She slowly got stronger as he got quicker. His hand took a long time to heal, he didn`t complain about it once, Selah remembered, but did say he was enjoying the little bit of extra pampering she bestowed upon him
He had taken out his motorcycle with the nice weather, as soon as his cast was off. Selah had been scared at first never having been on one, but after her first ride she saw what appealed to him so much and being able to hold onto him tightly. While having the feel him, smelling the leather in his jacket and having such a powerful vibrating machine in between her legs, well did she need to say more. The fear and exhilaration was additive and she wanted Daniel to teach her how to drive, he had agreed after much coaxing on her part.
Daniel told her they would when the weather was a bit more predictable, there was still a lot of cold weather, and it had been extremely nice for April, even warm.
 Daniel had just dropped off Selah as he made his way home on the bike. It had turned colder as the night came upon him and he soon regretted taking it out so soon.  
His fingers feeling the bite of the wind even thru his leather gloves, his breath was coming out in puffs. He thought back to his strange encounter with Selah in the void so long ago when she had talked to him of motorcycles and how she had told him about an accident that he had been in.
It had been so confusing for him since he had never had an accident. Suddenly he understood and knew he was in trouble and she had been warning him about what was about to happen. But fear was not anything that hindered him; he had always pushed it in the back of his mind. He knew what was going to happen, but it was as if he was in the void already watching it take place. 
As he sped up wanting to shorten his time by a fraction of a second he saw the black glare on the road coming up but didn’t hesitate until he was directly upon it, black ice; he braced himself for the impact, expecting to skid a bit. 
He felt the front tire spun out and the front end became loose, the engine revved up trying to compensate for the loss of momentum. It happened it a flash in one second he was flying through the air, completely disconnected from the bike, his mind flashed for a quick second knowing he was beginning a chain of events that would catapult him and Selah directly into their future, for better or worse it was now in her hands.
The young woman who had been following the motorcycle had her heat on full blast frozen from the short walk to her car, so she was shocked to see someone on a motorcycle, the guy must have been crazy she thought, he sped up and went out of he sight. So when she came upon the mess in the road and saw the bike all crumpled up on the side, she stopped and immediately called 911. She jumped out of her car forgetting the cold and searching frantically for the driver of the bike.
What she eventually found left her trembling the guy was young she thought but it was hard to tell as a large part of his skin was scraped off his face, she dared not touch him, she instead took her glove off and put her fingers under his nose and felt for any signs of a breath, she felt warm air on her fingers, suddenly relieved he was alive. She spoke to him asking if he could hear her, but received no response. She looked him over his arm was twisted maliciously and she saw bare skin at quite a few different areas, he had been scraped from the pavement she wondered how far he had flew, he was a good 30 feet from his bike. 
What seemed like an eternity passed before she heard the sound of sirens, a RCMP showed up and began questioning her incessantly. A few minutes later she saw the ambulance pull up, she watched as if in a daze as the scene enfolded before her, she hoped he would be alright, she knew it didn’t look good, he had been wearing a helmet but she saw it had a huge crack running down the side when she had examined him closely.
Selah had told Daniel to call her before he went to bed so they could meet in the void. When she settled in bed and hadn’t received his call she didn’t hesitate to call him the phone rang and rang then she heard the answering machine pick up, she felt a strange feeling suddenly. She decided to try his home line and was surprised to hear no answer there also. 
Suddenly she heard her phone ringing she saw it was Daniel’s phone, but the voice on the other end was not his, a women was there, Selah confused and dumbfounded suddenly. As the women began explaining she had found the phone in the pocket of their accident victim, and could she please tell them who she had been calling, as he had no identification except for the phone on his person.
Selah was speechless and had trouble understanding what the woman meant, accident victim, when it truly began to sink in Selah could do nothing but scream, and that was how her dad and brother found her, holding tightly to the phone.
Peter took the phone from her and gave the information to the nurse; Jacob consoled Selah as best as she could, she was going into shock. They got dressed quickly and went straight to the hospital. Peter contacted Daniel’s mom knowing she worked at the hospital, on a different floor.
As they sat in the waiting room on pins and needles anxious to hear anything on his condition. Selah said nothing just stared into space, her dad had brought her a cup of coffee and she just held it never taking a sip.
The time past extremely slow, finally a doctor came out and asked “Daniel Evans family?”
Cecile rose “I’m his mom.”
“Right now he’s stable so that’s hopeful, his vitals are strong.” He looked at Cecile’s uniform and knew she understood what he would explain to her, he pulled her aside.
“He was in a coma and there was a lot of swelling in his brain, they didn’t know if he would have any permanent damage, he could have visitors.” Daniel’s mom grabbed Selah’s hand as they went in to see him.
She wasn`t mentally prepared for what came next, he didn`t even look like himself, most of the skin on his face was scraped off and it was very swollen, the nurse on duty reassured them “The wounds were superficial, his arm is broken and he might have a few scars where the pavement scrapes were slightly deeper”
“He looks broken…” Selah barely got the words out.
 “He will be his normal handsome self soon enough, I’m sure.” They were mostly concerned with the swelling inside his head; they would have put him in a coma if he hadn’t been in one already.
 Selah said nothing and just sat down on the side of his bed her eyes wide, it seemed only yesterday she was here with her mom, head injury, she got to see her mom now. But she was definitely not ready for Daniel to only be accessible in the void he had to come back to her, she had been a mess from their breakup she couldn`t go through any more misery, he had to wake up and his head had to be alright. 
  “I hate motorcycles,” she hadn`t realized she had spoken out loud.
 As Daniel`s mom said, “I kept telling him to be careful, to not drive too fast, at least here in Canada it’s against the law to not wear a helmet. Did you know there’s some places in the U.S. that they don’t, we wouldn’t be here looking at him if he hadn’t been wearing one.”
Peter just shook his head in disbelief, trying to reassure Daniel’s mom, she looked at him wondering at once who he was, he extended his hand and gave her his deepest sympathies at what she was going through.
 Selah looked at Daniel’s mom for the first time really, she had Daniel’s piercing grey eyes, they were filled with a quiet intelligence, she was slightly shorter than Selah, and she had a petite frame. Daniel must have taken after his father Selah had just seen a few pictures of his dad, and he was built like him. She was pretty in a different kind of way; she was wearing nursing scrubs, with teddy bears all over them, as she worked the night shift on the pediatric ward.
 Luckily it had been a slow night and they could make do without her, she knew from Daniel she had never remarried and barely dated since his dad had died all those years ago, she said she liked being independent and his dad had been all she needed.
 She took Peter’s hand and shook it “Thanks, I’m Cecile, but my friends call me Cece, I’m sorry about your recent lost also, Daniel said she was a remarkable lady.”
 She looked at Jake; he just muttered a quick “Hi” and then looked down suddenly shy.
 She turned towards Selah, “How about you guys go home for now there’s isn’t much that can be done tonight, tomorrow you can come back, I’ll let you know if there’s any change at all,” she looked lovingly at her baby boy, he was all she had left. She got up and motioned to Peter to follow her, they had a hushed conversation in the corner for a few minutes.
Selah looked at her dad wanting to stay with him, Peter agreed with Cece as he ushered Selah out of the room after they had given all their numbers to her in case one of them didn’t answer. 
In the elevator he looked at her and told her gently, “Selah it could be a long stretch, he could be in a coma for a while, besides the doctors said it helps him to heal, they will keep him under until the swelling goes down.”
“ She asked if she could be alone with him tonight and I think it’s a good idea, we know he’s stable and it’s best if we try and get some sleep so we can be strong for Daniel and his mom both, ok sweetie.”
“Ok,” were the words she said while she wanted to scream “I should be there with him”  she would try to see if he was in the void, she remained quiet all the drive home, she could see him every time she closed her eyes she prayed  he wasn’t in any pain.


Chapter 13/Desperation

As she found herself in her bed again by this time it was going on two in the morning, she went into the void barely relaxed her need to find him strong. She pulled him towards her, she could feel him but it felt as if there was a barrier, or wall between them. She searched frantically for him, why could she feel him but not see him, she went to her place where she had first found him by his special light. Looking through the millions of stars all around her again there was one light that beckoned to her more than all the others she floated toward it.
She found herself staring at a little boy, he looked like a younger version of Daniel he was crying in a corner, he might have been 4 years old, Selah went to him immediately, as he looked up at her shyly, and then looked down, he was making pictures in the dirt in between his legs, the tears streaked across his chubby cheeks still puffy with baby fat, Selah wanted to pinch them he was so adorable, his nose began to run
“Hi, I’m Selah, what’s your name?” she asked even though she knew who this boy was; he had the same eyes that seemed to know how to look into her soul.
“Danny…I like to make mud pies but the dirt is dry here,” he said, “I wish I could get some water here to make some mud pies,” he whipped his nose making his face full of the dirt he was rubbing his hands into.
Selah thought of how the grown up version of Daniel could pull water up from the ground, “You could get some you know, there’s water everywhere in the ground you just can’t see it, there’s underground springs.”
He looked at her in disbelief, when he saw she wasn’t joking he asked her, “How do you get water to come up, show me.” He snorted all the snot he had from crying up into his sinuses obviously done with crying and proceeded to wipe it again this time with his shirts sleeve, he wiped his hands on his pants, filthy from sitting on the dirty ground. He got up and took her hand instantly trusting her, as he looked up expectantly, waiting for her to show him he water. 
She took his smallish hand in her’s it was warm and sweaty, as she told him what to look for, “First we have to find someplace where there’s life,” he drew his eyebrows together not understanding.
“What’s wife?”
“Anything that needs water to live, birds, grass, insect, snakes ,caterpillars, flowers, trees they are all forms of life, we need water too. Do you know what I mean by life now, Daniel?”
“How did you know my name is Daniel, I said Danny, my mommy call’s me Daniel it’s a girly name, I like Danny better, my dad calls me Danny boy.” He looked all proud as he mentioned his dad. He was distracted already she noticed his mind wandering, “I have a fish, they need water,” he announced suddenly just as she thought she would have to explain again, he let go of her hand as he ran ahead stopping when he came to some grass growing and a few wild flowers “Sewa I found wife, see I found it, now what?” his dirty face glowing with his discovery. As Selah smiled at his attempt to say her name she loved him even more in that second, as if it was possible, she wanted to eat him up he was so cute. Now she thought how Daniel had done it she hoped she could show him, “Have you 
ever pulled on something really hard, like trying to open a door or something,” she asked him.
His eyes lit up “I play tug of war with Sonny all the time,” he said “but he’s really strong, he pulls me.”
Selah was glad he understood, “Whose Sonny?”
“My dog he’s a receivers, “daddy said “He’s bigger than me,” he lifted his arm to show he was taller than him by that much.
Selah had never asked Daniel about having pets, she made a mental note to ask him about Sonny, “Ok wow he sounds really big, and does he go for walks on a leash sometimes?”
He shook his head vigorously in answer.
“Ok pretend you’re holding a leash ok, do you see it, pretend you can see it ok, close your eyes if you want,” he closed his eyes tightly and put out his hands as if he was holding a leash, “Ok now pretend you’re pulling the leash, but it’s not Sonny at the end its water and you want to lift it up out of the ground.”
She saw him peek at her curiously, “Sewa how do you pull water?”
Man he was smart one, she thought instantly about the leash being tied to a bucket, as she told him he seemed satisfied with the answer. He closed his eyes again concentrating hard to get water; she wondered what he was imagining when suddenly she felt a huge wave of water hit her directly in the face.
She sputtered and coughed as most of it had gone down her throat, clearly taken aback by his find, when she managed to actually open her eyes she saw him with the confident grin he wore all the time as his grown up self, holding the bucket of water at the end of the rope he had imagined.
She smiled as if to say I told you so, he passed her the bucket and took her hand again as he began pulling her towards where she had originally found him, “Thanks Sewa, I wike you, so ya wanna make mud pies with me?” Those eyes of his making her heart melt all over again; she wondered if she and Daniel were ever to have children if they could be an identical version of the sweet, dirty, little one in front of her now.
“I would be honoured to make mud pies with you Daniel, I mean Danny, do you think we could find some little rocks so I could put sprinkles on mine, I want to make cupcakes, not pies.”
“Sure, I never made them before but it sounds wike fun,”
They returned to their original meeting place, as Selah poured some of the water but not all and began making mud, enjoying this miracle she found, this piece of Daniel. They laughed and were soon covered from head to toe, she promised herself she would laugh like this with her Daniel again, if she had any power to pull him out of here safely she would… no matter the cost, she would pay it.
The next morning she convinced her dad to let her spend it at the hospital, she had to be near him, she had been thinking maybe she would be able to find him in the void if she actually went in when they were in close proximity to each other, she hoped it could be that simple. She had truly enjoyed her time with little Danny, but she needed Daniel back. 
As she arrived at the hospital she found Daniel’s mom sitting on the chair close to his bed, she looked exhausted, Selah asked her “Do you want me to go to the cafeteria and get some coffee for you?”
As Cece saw her she stood and stretched her body, “That chair looks comfy but after not moving in it for the pass few hours I feel like my whole body is seizing, that’s a great idea but let me go down the walk will do me some good, do you want any Selah?”
Selah shook her head “Any more news?” her tone edged with all the hope she could muster.
Cece touched her arm gently, “It’s a waiting game now, they fixed whatever was broken and he’s all scraped and bruised but otherwise they’re just waiting for the swelling to subside and for him to regain consciousness, it will be alright I have a good feeling he’s gonna come back to us.”
Selah hoped she was right, she sat down next to him on the starched white hospital bed.  She had begun to hate the smell of the disinfectant they used everywhere in the hospital, she seemed to equate it with bad times now. She hoped if she had to visit the hospital for anything else in the future it could be for something happy for once, a baby would be nice she thought.
 He looked so still he had tubes coming out from everywhere and she couldn’t see his mesmerizing eyes, they were closed. She traced her fingers along his palm, then up his fingers, all the while she spoke to him, “Daniel I know you can hear me, no matter what I’m going to find you, if you can see me somehow if you’re in there squeeze my hand, or move your fingers…” she didn’t really expect anything to happen but she was hopeful, always hopeful, she imagined him waking and giving her his crooked grin she loved so. 
She hoped wishing would make it come true, she prayed it would. She wished she knew how to go into the void while awake something told her it was possible, she wanted to try. She explained what she was going to try to Daniel, if he could hear her he would hopefully be close by if she managed to do it.
She concentrated as best as she could and tried to focus on a spot above Daniel’s bed, she let her eyes go all out of focus while still concentrating on the same spot, her eyes watered and she had to blink back tears, this had to work she had to reach him. As she settled in one more time she became distracted again thinking about the accident and hoping he had lost consciousness before he slammed into the pavement, she had gone by the scene of the accident this morning and was shocked at how far he had been thrown from the bike.
Cece returned with a coffee and a muffin, she saw Selah with the tears in her eyes and thought she had been crying, “Ah Selah honey, he looks really bad but his body isn’t broken we just have to wake him up, don’t cry, I keep forgetting everything you’ve been through these past few months, you know if you ever need to talk I’m here for you, the way Danny talks about you I feel like you’re part of the family already.”
As soon as she said Danny, Selah could picture the little boy from last night, “Did Daniel make mud pies when he was little?” she asked suddenly wondering.
Cece smile and got a faraway look as if she could still picture him back then, “They were his absolute favorite things, he would get so mad if it didn’t rain for a while.”
She laughed softly. “Until I put a little plastic pool in the back yard and let him have at it with a bucket, I don’t think he ever swam in it once, Jack would fill it for him every couple of days in the really hot weather.
“I bet he was cute always full of mud”
“Cute! Yeah, he was adorable the mess wasn’t”
 She paused reminiscing “He was the only kid on the block with a mud pit instead of a sand box, he could spend hours decorating mud he called them cupcakes, adding coloured stones on top and then he would put grass…I had forgotten all that, he must of told you about his mud pies, I’m surprised he remembered I had all but forgotten.”
Selah just smiled in response as Cece took it for a yes, he had made cupcakes she pondered if it had anything to do with their meeting and her idea for them, it couldn’t be, had it been Daniel’s memory or did she actually go back in time somehow to when he was that age.
 That could pose many a problem if he was trapped in time somehow. It couldn’t be… how could the void actually be connected to time? It did seem to go slower when she was in there she realized she could spend hours over there and go back into her body and feel completely rested the next morning. She was perplexed suddenly, and she would have to find out more information that was sure, she would have to go back into the void as soon as possible, with Cece there it wasn’t a good time to try and zone out. She stayed with her as long as she could; they had lunch together as they continued to talk about Daniel when he was younger.
Cece promised Selah she would bring some old picture albums of him to the hospital, Selah agreed that would be a good idea to help the time go by faster. She then asked Cece “Do you mind if I stay with him at night, I think I can convince dad and then I can still be with him then go to school, and maybe you can go back to work.  I can call you  if there’s any changes.” She realized she was pushing her luck, as she let the idea linger in the air.
Cece looked at her, she has thought to take time off work but Selah idea did present her with a solution of how to do both, she did have some time off coming to her but if Daniel needed some home care upon going home she could take it then, “How about I talk to your dad first and see what he says then we’ll see ok,” she hugged Selah tightly “thanks I know how much you two care about each other. And it’s good to have someone to lean on; I’m so used to having Daniel close, since his dad died…and I always wanted a girl.” She held onto Selah hands and looked at her earnestly.
Selah smiled wide trying to reassure her the only way she could, she wasn’t very good with words and she had gone blank suddenly, muttering only “Thanks, that would be great,” she wasn’t ready yet for someone to replace her mom, and didn’t think she would ever be, even for a short time.
Later that evening her dad confirmed the conversation with Cece and all was set for Selah to spend the night at the hospital, they had even arranged for a cot to be put inside his room so she could get some sleep. Selah took a shower and packed a small bag, she had her toothbrush along with a book in case she couldn’t drift off.
 Cece was going to go back to work she would be two floor up on the maternity ward; Selah would be going in around 8 pm. Soon after Cece left to begin her 12 hr. shift in the maternity ward, she was a bit nervous knowing what she was going to try to accomplish, and at the same time hopeful.
As she arrived at the hospital she felt confident she would have a breakthrough with Daniel tonight it was a gut feeling she couldn’t put words to. She settled in slowly as she watched the machines monitoring his progress or lack thereof, his face looked a bit better his scrapes looked to be scabbing over some and the swelling had gone down.
 A nurse came in to take his vitals, she smiled sweetly at Selah and asked her if she needed anything, she showed how she worked on Daniel’s muscles and went through range of motion exercises with Daniel’s extremities to help with circulation and so his muscles wouldn’t atrophy from lack of movement.
As Selah helped the nurse move his ankles, knees and hips, she saw the muscles in his legs from all the years of hockey flex and constrict, she felt how truly vulnerable Daniel really was as this point, he was usually so full of life and strong she could still picture how he had stormed in and saved her without question, and here he was now lifeless not even able to move his legs whatsoever. As she inhaled deeply, her confidence of earlier settled deep inside as she felt the magnitude of his situation rest on her shoulders, she just had to find him in the void, she had to…
She wished she could see his penetrating grey eye just once more, to give her the strength she needed to overcome her fears of inadequacy which threatened her sanity. She decided to pretend for a while, Daniel was just sleeping and he would wake soon, she sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed his arm like they had rubbed his legs, he was still gorgeous to her even with a lot of skin missing, as she looked at him lovingly gently rubbing his uninjured parts.
“Daniel wow you know I never imagined I would have such freedom to be able to rub you anywhere I wanted,”   she whispered to him. “You give new meaning to the beauty of god’s creations, ya know.” 
 She took a deep breath “You have to meet me tonight ok, I’m going to try my best to find you in the void, I know you can hear me, and you’ll wait for me. Please Daniel be there waiting for me.”
The remainder of the evening went by slowly as Selah pondered how she could pull him out, she hoped he was reachable, if she encountered Danny again…well it would make things so much more difficult for her, but she would persevere regardless of the obstacles in her way. 
As the nurses did their final rounds for the night Selah settled in to the cot besides his bed, there were so many strange noises she had difficulty relaxing in the strange atmosphere but after considerable effort she felt herself release the tension.  Slowly slipping inside the void, as she concentrated on her surroundings of the hospital room, and found herself there once again. The lay out of the room was very similar but the bed was empty of life, she began calling Daniel’s name, determined with each of her strides around the room. She willed him to her like she had done so many times before hoping to find the slightly broken man she had just left in the dreary hospital room. 
She felt the room shimmer and shift slightly she saw him sitting in a chair in the corner he was different, younger her memory was rattled for a second this was the Daniel she had saw so many years ago, his hair was longer and he was reading a book. She called his name again, he looked up slightly his grey eyes piercing hers questioning her.
“How did you find me?” he was definitely puzzled by his expression.
As she looked at him he looked around thirteen or so, she had never realized he had kept his hair long for years. She preferred the short hair he bore now, but it took a lot more than a hairdo to diminish his features, and the eyes she had longed to gaze into. She walked to him apprehensively hoping he would give her a warm reception as she got down on her knees before him and hugged him to her.
Daniel was shocked how did she know him thing were all wrong and she looked as if she were older than him it made no sense; it took him all of a few seconds to put his arms around her and return the sentiments. She smelled like heaven and felt good too; he dropped his book as her felt his blood rising as the feelings that arose with having such close physical contact with her.
“Do you know why you’re here Daniel?” she asked the concern in her voice prevalent.
“What do you mean?” as he pulled away from her embrace suddenly embarrassed.
“You’re in a hospital does it hurt anywhere, are you alright?”
He looked at her not understanding he was in the hospital he looked around his surrounding and saw suddenly she was right as he turned his head he felt a sharp shooting pain in his head.
Selah watched as he winced from the pain suddenly “You were in a motorcycle accident, you hurt your head really bad. Maybe you should lie down.” She helped him to the bed.
Daniel did feel woozy suddenly motorcycle wow… he had always wanted to ride one. He must of really hit his head because she was older than him, he mustered up the courage and asked her, “How old are you, why are you older than me, I’m older than you I’m sure.” He held onto his head the pain getting worse by the minute.
“You are older than me, your nineteen already I’m sixteen, you just had a birthday not too long ago.”
“I’m only fourteen, your wrong, my head hurts a lot and I’m tired I just wanna lay down, can you stay with me, I like being with you… you’re so pretty.” He looked down blushing at his frankness suddenly.
“I’ll be here for you as long as you like Daniel,” she held onto his hand and looked deep into his eyes where was her Daniel now, why wasn’t he here, she didn’t want to show how frustrated she was, she had such high hopes she could help him wake if she could find him here. Finding again a younger version of him left her bewildered as to how to convince him of what was happening in the present.
This Daniel told her about how he loved hockey and playing the guitar, he had a sadness in his eyes she had never seen before, she went out on a limb and asked him “Are you sad about something, you have a different look in your eyes.”
He looked away his expression pained he said nothing for a long time, Selah gave him all the space she could “I was thinking how my dad used to come watch me play hockey…he died a little over a year ago,” his bottom lip trembled his grief so fresh still.
Selah thought of how she had found her mom here in the void, “I lost my mom a few months ago so I know how you feel, I was able to see her here though, in the void, and do you think you could find your dad?”
Daniel’s eyes brightened suddenly as hope filled his eyes, “You think I could find him, how?”
She explained how she had pulled Daniel to her that night her need to find him; she suggested he should wait until he felt better though. He promised her he would she saw he was getting very tired his eyes began to droop as the spoke. She wanted so desperately to tell him to just go back inside his body to slide back and forget about his dad he was doing fine without him, but realised how heartless she would sound to this young boy.
 “Are you going to slide back into yourself soon? Go back to the real world?”
He looked at her as if she had suddenly grown two heads and she was hideous, Selah saw that he thought he was in the real world this was his reality as of now, she wanted to scream, shake him, do something to get him out of this mind set, then it dawned on her she would somehow have to bring him out herself.
Selah told him “I have to go but I promise I’ll be back soon, tomorrow.” she bent down and kissed him not caring that he was a much younger version of the real thing.
Daniel froze from the shock of her lips on his, and then he fumbled trying to kiss her back. Lord she missed her Daniel, his confidence and assertiveness was sorely lacking in this version. She slowly said her goodbyes and let him be; she drifted and went back to her body lying on the tiny cot in Daniel’s hospital room. She awoke as soon as she was whole again; she sat up and stretched herself out next to her beloved. She had to be near him, she put her head against his chest listening to the steady beats of his heart. She dozed off listening to the hypnotising sound.
Back in the void the creator looked on, watching the young girl trying to convince the boy to wake up and return to the real world, he was confused and didn’t respond well. The girl had gotten a frustrated look upon her face at his responses, but no sooner had she reacted that a determined look crossed her face; the creator in that very moment knew the wheels of time had been set in motion. He had seen that look before from her and nothing would surpass it until she accomplished what she so desired. She was so breathtakingly beautiful and she hadn’t even gotten close coming into her own. It was only a matter of time now, she would figure it all out, this was her destiny after all and she had come this far of her own free will, nothing would stop her now. He hadn’t been this excited for ages, she would prove them all wrong, and they all thought she would choose differently. But he had always known he had been studying the way humans reacted since the very beginning and there was one emotion that could sustain some during depressions and famines, regardless of class or stature, it was what they all ultimately sought. And it could make them do incredible feats to obtain it; Selah would do what no other had yet to do… for that one thing, love.
She woke as she heard the rustle of feet along the tile floor, she had drooled all over Daniel’s chest, she wiped the side of her face and lifted her head Cece was there brushing the hair out of Daniel’s eyes.
“I didn’t mean to wake you honey, you looked so peaceful all cuddled up to him, I had a break and I thought I would come check on him, any change,” she asked.
Selah took a minute to get herself on track, she was slightly disoriented being not really awake.  “No, nothing changed yet,” she looked at Daniel and was sure he had a smile on his face. “Is he smiling?”
“It sure looks that way, it could be a reflex though, I’m afraid it isn`t anything to get too excited about.”
Selah sighed, “Cece how long could he be in a coma, truthfully?”
Cece looked at her for a long time before she answered her, “There’s so many factors at play here it’s difficult to say…”
Selah saw the run around she was getting but stayed quiet contemplating her answer.
As Cece saw the sincerity in Selah’s face as she looked at her baby boy, he was so helpless if she actually admitted to Selah his chances then it meant actually uttering the words.  She knew if she voiced her fears it made then all the more real, she was in her own state of denial, he was all she had left and she couldn’t face losing him. Not in death, but to never have him return to hear his laugh, be able to look into his intelligent grey eyes, have him tease her mercilessly, she wasn’t ready to admit that possibility.
 That was what Selah wanted to hear, the different possibilities; she took her hand “It’s  out of our hands now, Selah, I think we should do a lot of praying that he comes back to us, picture him as he always was and wish for it to be.”
Selah knew Cece was right, it also gave her a idea for the next time she went to the void to find him, she would imagine him as he had always been, it just might work if she concentrated hard enough. “That’s a good idea, praying, I will tell my whole family to.”
Cece looked at her watch and bent down and kissed his forehead, “Love you baby, get better and come back to us.”
Selah snuggled up to him again, the warmth of his body against hers was comforting; she put her hand in his, wrapping their fingers together. She thought about the first time their hands had touched in the café, he had held her hand longer than necessary.
 She had fell for him with the first touch of his fingers on hers, she had been no good for anything that night, he had felt the same she knew that now. They were so good together they blended like sugar in water one disappearing inside the other.
She tried to envision how she could bring him back when she found him inside the void, regardless if he was himself or a younger version she would have to somehow convince him to comeback with her. She truly didn’t know if it was possible to bring someone back, I mean if she could wouldn’t she somehow bring back her mom, but then again she didn’t have a body to come back to, whereas Daniel did. And according to his mom and the nurses his body was banged up a bit and bruised but otherwise good to go, he had been extremely lucky to say the least.
Selah suddenly decided to try something totally off the wall. She began to picture her body as pure energy, like inside the void as fire or water or earth. She could feel every molecule as she began to disassemble herself, she envisioned herself as blue energy, wafting from her all her pores, and she was all energy. And energy was invisible she could be invisible; she calmed her center and only saw the liquidity of the energy inside herself.  Her body was but a shell, and it too was made of pure energy.
 She could feel herself getting lighter, almost weightless, she imagined the energy releasing and moving from one place to another, she remembered the feeling of sliding while in the void, this was very similar to that.  The weightlessness, fluidity of movement, she tried to jump into the void directly or actually throwing her life force towards the place inside of her that opened to that other worldly plane.
 She released the force inside of herself, suddenly she felt something crashing to the floor and had a weird sensation in her arm, as she opened her eyes and saw she wasn’t on the bed anymore, and she had actually moved to the chair. She had a section of the chair actually half in and half out of her arm, it was grotesque looking and Selah gasped in shock and pulled, her arm sliding effortlessly out, as if it had been a completely natural occurrence.
She knew now she would have to somehow bring Daniel across in this same way she could not have him there, thinking everything was normal and that he was home. What she had just done should of scared the hell out of her, but it did the opposite encouraging her to steam roll ahead trying to get him out.
She once again tried to focus and center herself, imagining herself in the void, she was awake so the process was slightly different, she had to be completely relaxed but also in control, focused, what had just happened left her excited about the possibility of physically pulling him out, she knew she had to practice what she had just done. She hoped it all wasn’t just a fluke of sorts.
 She slowed her breathing she could feel her heart calming, slower the beats a fraction of the time they had been, this time she focused on Daniel instead hoping that would bring them together. She felt herself as energy once more as a wave this time she was a signal in the air, a current, she could travel like light or sound. She was weightless again she tried to picture herself sliding inside the void but came across a wall, she slid as if she were water looking for a gap trying to squeeze into the smallest hole or crack but found none, she kept searching but it was useless. 
So she then tried to focus purely on Daniel instead and pulled herself to him, she felt him, his outline. She let go of her concentration and suddenly felt the weight fall back into herself she opened her eyes and saw she was actually right on top of him in his bed, she could hear him moaning, she rolled off the bed just as a nurse entered wondering what all the noise was about. 
Selah was on the floor next to her cot, the nurse came up to her suddenly “Are you alright did you fall off the bed, did you hurt yourself? “She grumbled.
Selah felt embarrassed by her actions as she apologized for disrupting her from her work, “I’m fine thanks, the cot is small I’m used to a big bed, I guess I move around a lot.” Her face was flushed from the lie, she hated lying. The nurse looked at Selah as if she knew she was lying, and then mumbled something incoherent under her breath as she strolled out.
Selah resigned herself to stop trying tonight to enter the void awake, she would instead actually try to get some sleep. She snuggled up once more next to Daniel, she didn’t care if the nurse was grouchy, she was going to get as close as she could to him until they told her she couldn’t. She listened to his heart beat again this time she was exhausted all the work she had done trying to get into the void had drained her, she fell almost instantly into a deep dreamless sleep.


Chapter 14/Faith

Selah went home the next morning with a headache from considerable lack of sleep, she crawled into bed and was snoring in no time. She was going to go again to the hospital tonight; she figured if she had slept already she might not be so tired after a few efforts to reach Daniel. She got out of bed around 2 in the afternoon, she showered and ate and thought about what had happened the night before. She should have been in shock somehow that she had moved her body from one point to another with sheer will alone, but she had expected it to happen, wanted it. 
Believing it would happen was a better way to explain it, and she believed she would get him out; she had come up with a different way to transform her energy to break through the barrier she had found last night. She thought of Caleb suddenly, when he had weaved air to lift the water into an invisible force to push the water back, she imagined herself making such a barrier and moving the obstacle between her and Daniel. Something told her that he was just beyond that wall, she would use her energy as the element to weave, Caleb’s strands of power had been as thick as 1 inch rope, she could weave that she was certain of it. Then she would throw herself at the wall, if that didn’t work then she was going to have to begin at square one again.
 The day passed quickly Selah more determined than ever to bring Daniel out tonight, she had went over  and over in her head what she would have to do. She cared not one bit for her safety; it hadn’t once crossed her mind, as she only looked to the outcome if she succeeded.  She had to go to school in the morning so she might not be able to come every night after tonight that alone made her focus as she had never done before.
As she made her way once again to the hospital, she smiled at the nurses at the nurses station as she made her way into the bedroom, the night shift had yet to come on she hoped it wasn’t the same cheerful nurse as the night before. It didn’t matter to her much she was going to let anything hamper what she was going to accomplish. Her faith was strong, even if she hadn’t been brought up as a devote catholic; her parents hadn’t been insistent on attending church. But she just knew there was a higher power somewhere and she reached out to it now, she hoped her faith was coming from the proper place, and selfless actions were what would help her now.
 Cece explained how there was no real change from the night before, Selah noticed she was beginning to look extremely haggard, her eyes were swollen and she even had one eye that was twitching constantly, her hands were shaky and she looked to have lost weight already, Selah wondered if she was eating at all. 
“Are you alright Cece, can I go get you anything to eat, have you even slept?”
“Actually I’m going home to sleep now, I managed to get tonight off so I could rest, and you know I still want you to call if there’s any change with Daniel ok.”
“No problem, I will call a.s.a.p.”
She reached over to squeeze Selah’s hand then changed her mind and then hugged her fiercely, “I miss him like crazy,” she whispered.
“He’s gonna come back soon, I just know it.” Selah wished she could tell her what she was going to attempt tonight.
As the nurses changed shifts the new nurses came in to check on Daniel, Selah didn’t see the ones from last night they were all different, one was really young and had a pretty smile she looked at Daniel then back to Selah, “I bet he’s a real looker, when he’s all healed up.”  She continued with his examination. “His vitals are strong and the swelling is almost gone, according to his chart, hopefully it won’t be long now,” She tried to reassure Selah.
As Selah settled in she didn’t want to start anything yet it was still early and she knew the nurses would be in soon to take his vitals and change his Iv meds, the bag hanging was almost empty, she watched the drips and waited for the beeps. Daniel had lost some weight, she noticed. 
AS she decided to do the ROM exercises with him again, wanting to do anything to help him so when she got him out he would be alright. 
As she rubbed him down and flexed and rotated all his extremities, she took special attention on his fingers, the fingers she so loved when they touched her. She told him stories of her day and anything else she could think of. How the nurses seemed nicer on the night shift tonight, and how he would be awake to meet them later on, she applied cream liberally to his legs, loving the feel of him under her fingers. She could already tell there was a difference in his muscle mass in just the short time he had been bedridden. It added to her determination to bring him back. When she was done she swabbed out his mouth, his lips were so cracked and dry, she saw there was some Vaseline on his side table and applied it, as she finished she bent down and kissed both his eye lids as he had once done for her a long time ago.
“I’m sure it would be much better if he was awake eh.” the young nurse had just entered the room startling Selah, “I’m sorry I thought you had heard me come in, I’m Kayla, I’ll be taking care of Daniel tonight, he looks so much better. I saw him the night he came in; he wasn’t looking to good then.”
Selah smiled at her “He was a mess, your right, he’s healing nice, and will be back to his old self in no time.” She looked hopeful as she stared at him.
Kayla checked his bandages, “And thanks Selah for helping with his care, not everyone would do those things you know.”
Selah looked a bit confused “How did you know my name?”
“Oh I didn’t realize the nurses mentioned how you had been staying with him at night and they told me, it’s a very pretty name by the way I never heard it before.”
Selah looked distracted “My mom named me she said she had dreamt about it when she was pregnant for me, and when I was born knew she would name me Selah the second she saw me, it’s a very old name from the bible.”
“You’re lucky I’m sure there wasn’t any other Selah’s around at school, when I was in little there was 3 other Kayla’s in my class alone. If I ever have a little girl I’ll find her a name like Selah, maybe I’ll even name her that, I like it that much.”
She changed the bag for Daniel’s IV before it began beeping like crazy, she had timed it just right as she documented the time and date on the new bag Selah watched her. She had noticed that his bandaged hadn’t been changed in a while from his chart and asked Selah if she wanted to stay and watch her put different dressings on. She left, but was back in no time will everything she needed to “make him look prettier” she said.
Selah was curious about how bad his scrapes were under the dressings, as she watched Kayla unwrap him, the bandaged was stuck to his skin in a few different places and as she pulled it off gently it took new growth with it. He was still a mess but she could see her Daniel underneath all the scabs, she washed his sores with a solution and it made them look even better, as some dried blood was washed away with it. ”What color are his eyes?” Kayla asked Selah.
Selah suddenly choked full of emotions croaked out “grey.”
“He’s one handsome fellow even with all these sores on his face, your one lucky girl.”
Suddenly Selah felt a stab of jealousy towards this young pretty nurse, she wanted to tell her he belonged to her, but bit her lip instead. She was right he was beautiful, she concentrated on him, and it cooled her temper in a flash. 
Kayla had saw the look in Selah’s eyes and was surprised at how quickly she had controlled her anger, so she was a smart girl as well, she wished she could have met her under different circumstances she thought she would of like to have been friends with Selah.  She kept quiet, she put much smaller bandages on Daniel’s face and it improved his visage immensely. She quickly finished the other bandages on his arms, she didn’t want to overstay and ruin the fragile friendship she had formed with Selah, or it could be a long night.
As Kayla disappeared Selah picked up her book she had brought with her, she glanced at the first page she had opened for the next twenty minutes not seeing any words at all. She was focusing steadying her thoughts to her task ahead. When Kayla entered once more to add some medicine to Daniel’s IV bag, Selah was so focused she barely noticed her. Kayla glanced at her and thought her book must be really good as she walked out.
 Selah lifted her head she had watched the medicine go through his IV the night before, knowing Kayla would have to come back in. In about twenty minutes when it was done to switch it back over to regular pumping. Then she would be alone with him for a while it would be after ten and she would ask Kayla to close his door for privacy… finally she would begin.
Sure enough the next twenty minutes were slower than molasses going uphill, but Selah had waited this long she could wait a little more as she watched the timer counting down the minutes, when the beeper went off it made Selah jump. It took all of 15 seconds for Kayla to come into the room to switch it over; Selah asked her “Are you done your rounds with him for a while? Do you think I could close the door and try to get some sleep, this is a bad place to sleep with you guys checking in all the time, but if you think he’s ok for a while?” Selah smiled her best smile for her hoping she had won her over.
Kayla looked at Selah something was up with her but she agreed to close the door so she could have some rare peace and quiet. As she left, she made a mental note to check back on him before midnight.
No sooner had the door close that Selah went to work she laid down next to Daniel as she had the night before, she was going to approach things slightly different tonight and try to move what had been blocking her last night instead of trying to move herself. As she slowed her breathing and relaxed all the parts of her body individually, she focused on 
the sound of her heart beating she could feel it slow she imagined the blood flowing in her veins as energy, pure yellow energy, she was a ray of light, as she saw her physical state transform to energy, she had no idea of the time passing she just saw straight ahead she felt the barrier that prevented her from entering the void the night before, she thought of the beautiful quilt her mom had made all the intricate patterns and designs and she began to weave her life force into a blade. A blade of pure energy the threads she used were enormous as she weaved, and weaved until there was nothing left to weave, and if someone had walked into the room at this point they would of thought there was a fire in the bed with Daniel, her light was so bright it could of blinded someone on sight.
Kayla had just finished making rounds and giving all the meds to her patients tonight, she hadn’t had a chance to sleep much today. She hated the first night of her three night rotation she was always extra tired, as she sat down and poured herself her first coffee of the night she was suddenly attracted to a bright light coming from Daniel Evans room ,as she put her coffee down and headed towards the door. It was extremely bright she had never seen a bedside lamp become that bright maybe it was about to blow out, she thought.
Selah then threw all her power into the wall she felt that was between her and Daniel. While she had been making her weave she had noticed it, last night she had been hasty and had only attempted to move her own body, tonight she saw exactly what she had to do. The wall looked like a transparent shield between them, which was why she had begun to weave a knife she had to cut thru that barrier to reach him. She felt the wall groan as she struck it with all her force, as she retracted and came at it once more, she felt it as it began to give a little, she pulled all the way back as she focused on the exact spot she had just hit and then drove into it as if she were stabbing into a piece of flesh as she made contact she was pushed back slightly, she bore down and put her whole heart and soul into the motion. 
She heard a loud ripping sound, a sound she had never heard before her ears drums felt as if they would shatter in that instant, she pushed through regardless she felt the fabric giving way beneath her force suddenly she was through as her momentum plunged her headfirst into the unknown.
Kayla had been almost to the door when she heard the ear splitting sound it was loud enough it brought her to her knees, her hands were shaking and she had tears in her eyes. She stood on wobbly knees and forced herself to enter the room before her. The bring light was gone and the room was as she left it, except for one thing, Daniel was alone she glanced into the private washroom attached to the room wondering if she was inside, but she was no-where to be found. She thought back as she was doing her rounds she had kept a close eye on this room, her curiosity peaked knowing Selah had had something in mind when she had asked Kayla to close the door, she was sure she hadn’t seen her leave. But as she looked around once more she saw for sure…. Selah was gone, she was nowhere to be found.
The creator had been watching almost painfully holding his breath; he was amazed at her ingenuity to weave something as simple as a blade. He had always wondered how she would accomplish it, no-one had ever broken through the barrier of time between the worlds. But here she was, Selah, his Selah, doing as she had been
prophesied to do thousands of years before. He felt the anxiety crawl along his flesh; he hadn’t been this stimulated in the last millennium. He secretly rooted for her, as he glanced at the horde surrounding him, he watched as she took her first attempt at the veil. The ball of anxiety was growing inside the pit of his belly as a child inside the womb. As she threw herself the second time he found himself on the very tip of his toes arching to see more. When he saw how she struggled he did one thing perhaps he shouldn’t of, he planted the smallest seed of an idea inside of her head. To stab flesh one had to thrust a blade with the pointy end first. He watched spellbound as she took his advice and literally ran with it. He was not prepared for what happened next, the sound was otherworldly,as it reminded him of the underworld beast screeching incessantly.
Then he saw it the light pouring forth as a river as she ripped through the veil and tore a whole between the two worlds. She had done it selflessly, without provocation as she was supposed to do, for the one thing that mattered above all else… love. Her faith had brought her far, she had done what he had wished all mankind would realize, with faith anything is possible, and Selah had just proven it to them all. She had done what no other had ever accomplished before; it was a new day under the sun, the time of change stood before them with open arms.
At first Selah hadn’t believed she had actually gotten thru, even the awful sound she had heard left her bewildered. As she looked down at her body she saw she was still bright as the sun. She was back into her normal shape but still pure energy, she stood up and glanced around it looked familiar but not, she seemed to be in a version of the hospital but not inside Daniel’s room. She saw the door and immediately went through it hoping she would see where she had ended up. As she immerged she saw she was in the corridor quite a ways down from Daniel’s room. She headed straight for the familiar room she held her breath as she pushed the door open hoping she would find what she wanted behind the door.
She saw he was just as he had been in the hospital room and it was him, he wasn’t a teenager or little he was just as she had left him. She walked over to him she murmured how much she loved him and began to touch his face gently, she had only thought about finding him here, she hadn’t put one iota into what she would do once she did. 
Her tears overwhelmed her she threw her arms around him and wept from sheer frustration and having achieved her goal for naught. She wept until she could no more, and never noticed as a hand began to stroke her hair, trying to comfort her in return.
Daniel had felt her life force fill his soul, beckoning him out of his slumber, he had been lost and confused for a long time, as his thoughts had been plagued by memories of the past, with never a vision of a future. As she had held him her tears washed away his wounds and filled his spirit with renewed hope, as he opened his eyes and saw her lying on his chest. She was as she had been the first time, at the very beginning so long ago, a vision of light, pure goodness; an angel…and she had chosen him.
“It’s ok Selah; I’m alright, you found me.” Daniel’s voice seemed not his own, it was all foreign to him.
Selah heard his sweet voice and pulled her body back from his chest, hope filled her veins that it was so, her Daniel was talking to her. To her amazement he looked completely healed, she reached over and peeled back his bandages and saw not a scar or scab, he was whole and more beautiful than she could ever had imagined before. They held each other for a long time, needing no words to express what they were feeling.
As time stood still for them, they reluctantly pulled away from their embrace. “Can you come home with me Daniel?” She asked eagerness showing in her eyes.
Daniel looked at her trying to come to the conclusion as to how she had reached him, “You’re so bright here, how did you come here? Are you awake or sleeping?”
Selah looked down at the floor suddenly fearful to tell him what she had done out of desperation to reach him. “I…I came through, I’m awake.” She stuttered.
“You came thru? What does that mean?” he pinched his eyebrows together in consternation.
“I broke through; I’m whole right now there’s nothing on the other side.”
“But that’s impossible, to be here whole, I have never heard of such a thing, how did you do it, tell me everything.” 
Selah wished she hadn’t told him anything, she had a sinking feeling all of a sudden as if the world was going to crumble before her, “I tried over and over to reach you in the void while you were in your coma, it’s been a week since your motorcycle accident, do you remember?” she turned the questioning towards him hoping he would forget how she had gotten here.
Daniel shook his head in denial, “Accident? I just remember thinking a lot about the past remembering older times, was it bad?”
“Yeah, you were a mess, your arm was broken and you had skid along the pavement quite a ways, you were thrown from the bike a good 25 feet away. Some really bad swelling in your head, and a lot of the skin on your face and arms was just gone, scraped off. You were not as pretty as you are looking right now, I don’t know how we are gonna explain to your mom how you healed so fast.” She smiled at him, and reached over and gently touched his face where he had been bandaged.
Daniel felt his face himself, “My mom must have been really worried, I’m all she has left…” he got a faraway look in his eyes as they clouded over, then he turned his eyes towards her, clear and questioning “You healed me, I didn’t think you knew how, why aren’t you fading or tired after healing me, you must of used so much of your life force to do it.” He looked concerned and frankly a bit put out that she had done something so reckless for him. He would go ballistics if when he found out just how far she did go to save him. She took a deep breath and blew it out slowly making her lips pout out, how could she stall him…there was no way to hide this, it was done she had to explain, hopefully he wouldn’t be too mad at her.
“I, Daniel…every time I reached you in the void I only found you in the past, I found you were maybe 3 or 4 years old, then I found you again when you were 14.” Daniel was listening intently to all she was saying, “I could only reach what you were seeing, it’s the only thing that makes sense right now, for the past two nights I have been giving your mom a break and staying with you, hoping there would be a change in your condition and you would wake up.  But even with the swelling down you weren’t responding to any kind of stimuli, last night I discovered something…” she paused at how she would explain the rest of the story. Daniel looked at her waiting for her to continue.
“I discovered that I could make my physical body into energy, liquid energy while I was awake, it was a fluke really, I was trying to slip into the void while awake, and there was a barrier stopping me from reaching you.  The next thing I knew I had physically moved from the bed to the chair and I had a part of the chair coming out through my arm, I just pulled it out. That part was really freaky, I mean I looked down and I saw my arm half in and half out of the chair and it didn’t even hurt, it was awesome when I think back on it now, but at the time I was a bit freaked out.” She realized how much she was rambling he had the weirdest look on his face but he said nothing and just watched her patiently listening to her words. He had looked a bit frazzled as she told him about the chair but overall he kept his composure well. Now the hard part, she put her hands behind her back and crossed her fingers hoping all would go well with the rest of her explanation. “I went home and I thought about what happened, and I realized I had to get thru the wall that kept us apart, I slept some then came up with the idea of throwing myself at the wall to break through it. When I had a chance to focus, do what I had done last night I did just that and pushed and pushed against the barrier until I heard this really loud ripping sound, and that’s when I broke through the shield that was between us. Then when I saw you , and you were still asleep I began to cry and just held you and the next thing I knew you were talking and that’s what happened, that’s all, I had to come get you your mom is a mess, and dad and Jacob missed you and most of all Daniel I need you and missed you and I love you, so don’t be mad I found you and I’m gonna bring you home and everything will be back as it was and we can be together, ok, I love you, and if I had to do it all over again I would, just like I know you would do it for me if the roles were reversed.” She sighed deeply and clenched her teeth, closed her eyes waiting for him to come down hard on her.
Daniel said nothing as he looked at her, she had done it…it was over no more secrets. Everything she had been supposed to do, no-one had told her she had taken it upon herself to save him, and she had torn the veil now both worlds would merge together. Contrary to what she thought nothing would be the same ever again, he had to reassure her she looked as nervous as kid who had been caught with their pocket full of stolen candy.
“You are amazing, just freaking amazing; thank you for coming for me for going well above and beyond what anyone else would have done…it’s one of the many reasons why I love you, and why we belong together.”
Selah couldn’t believe her ears, he wasn’t mad? He was happy? “Are you for real? Do you mean it? You’re not just playing me right?”
He got up out of the bed oblivious to the catheter hanging from his body and the barely there hospital gown, as he looked down he focused slightly and waved his hand over his clothes and was back to his normal self in a few seconds, nice fitting jeans and a tight t-shirt hugging his frame.
Selah feigned annoyance “I really was enjoying seeing you half naked in that polka dotted night gown.” She bit her lip seductively.
“Well now, if I wasn’t so tired from the healing you put on me…I’d,” he let the rest of his thoughts trail. 
She looked up at him as he wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. “I love you, always have and always will I promise. Now you sexy thing, take me home ok.”
Selah took his hand and lead him through the tear she had created in the veil, there was no sound as they passed through together all the damage having already been done. It was strange as they stepped into his hospital room to see him lying there while she held his hand, she could still feel herself as pure energy as she bathed Daniel in her light.  The door to his room was open, Selah returned to her normal state as fast as she could as soon as Daniel was back whole with his body. She glanced at him in bed as he opened his eyes and sat up, he began removing his bandages not needing them anymore.
Kayla once again saw the bright light in Daniel Evan’s room, she didn’t hesitate a second to make her way there to see what it was.  She still hadn’t seen any sign of Selah. As she entered the room she saw Daniel was awake and sitting, removing the dressings she had just put on, just as she opened her mouth to protest she saw there was nothing wrong with his face the scrapes had completely disappeared, dumbfounded she just stood there with her mouth hanging open.
As Daniel saw the nurse come in he said nothing and continued to remove the gauze on his arms as well, “Do you think you could take out the catheter please I really want to go to the washroom.” She said nothing as she looked and saw the missing Selah in the room with him; she was totally lost could she had fallen asleep and imagined everything?
“Wow your awake let me take your vitals and see how you’re doing how your head is? I’m in shock to see your already healed I just saw those earlier…and well.” Kayla was lost for words.
Daniel smiled his sexiest smile in her direction hoping she would get the hint and take it out, if she didn’t he did have a clue how to. When his dad had been sick he had spent endless hours on the internet reading about every different thing they did to his dad in the hospital. “If you don’t want to, just pass me an empty syringe and I take the water bubble out myself so I can pull the tubing out.” 
She saw the seriousness of his face, “Ok I’ll be right back, let me go get the syringe,” she suddenly felt like a small child before a much larger and more important person as she rushed to get what he needed. She returned shortly and just passed it to him without question, never mind any of her training.
Daniel reached over and found the end of the tubing from the catheter and saw where to attach the syringe her pulled back until it was full of saline, he squirted it out into the nearby wastebasket it and repeated until there was none left, he pulled the tubing and saw it was letting go easily as he removed it he breathed a huge sigh of relief. “Here you go now you can chart how much output I had, and say you had no problem removing it.” He turned toward Selah and began getting out of bed.
Kayla knew this was impossible he had been in a coma for a long time he shouldn’t just be getting up! “You should lay down Daniel your moving way too fast, it’s not good.” As Daniel turned and gave her a look that set her back, she zipped her mouth shut and watched him. She did get closer just in case he needed her help, but something told her he wouldn’t in the slightest.
Daniel got up his legs felt foreign to him for a few seconds he ignored the strange sensation he was experiencing and walked over to where Selah was. “Thank you, I missed you like crazy, I knew you could do it, I always had complete faith in you.” He whispered in her ear as he bent and kissed her slowly and completely trying to make up for lost time.
Kayla suddenly felt like she was somewhere she didn’t belong, she backed up slowly. She made her way to the nurses’ station her mind blank as she tried to think what she would chart about Daniel Evans. She decided to call his mom Cecile instead, she thought back to all that she had just saw and all the events leading up to it tonight, the bright lights, the missing girl, had something extraordinary happened? Could it be a miracle?


Chapter 15/Home to you

Within no time at all Cece arrived, she saw Daniel’s healed face and how he was up and about, she didn’t question anything she was so happy to have her boy back, some things were better left unsaid, she thought. Whatever had taken place tonight was beyond her scope of comprehension but she truly didn’t’ care the how; she was enjoying the results instead. When the nurse on call had phoned and began to ramble to her about him being healed and Selah had something to do with it and a bright light, she had been in shock that it was finally over, and when she saw his bright grey eyes staring back at her, all other thoughts disappeared.
As they chatted as if nothing had transpired over the last week with Daniel, Cece looked at Selah every once in a while and noticed there was something remarkably different about her, she just couldn’t put her finger on it, she looked the same as when she had left her the evening before but something was off…she seemed more alive, as if that was possible… she almost glowed.
Daniel watched Selah she was still infused with the energy she had liquidated herself into earlier, people said pregnant woman glowed…well they had nothing on Selah right now she was electrifying. She was talking a mile a minute about something irrelevant when he first heard the voice, beckoning him. “Daniel, it’s time, bring her back home to me.”
Selah stopped rambling and became still as a stone, listening intently, she had heard it too. She turned to Daniel with a questioning look in her eyes, she turned to look at Cece to see if she had heard anything. Cece was confused also she had heard something, “Daniel did you hear something?”
Daniel knew that voice anywhere, he was being summoned to him, the creator, it made sense Selah had done all she was supposed to, he thought he might have a little time to convince her to go. He felt his pulse quicken all they centuries the creator had  waited for this moment, Daniel understood if he was slightly impatient. He looked deeply into Selah eye’s wondering how he would explain it and his mom was here, he felt the sweat trickle down his back as he was suddenly very nervous on how things would play out.
“Daniel, come now the portal is wide open bring her to me, bring them both we must have a mortal witness.”
Selah grew pale as a sheet, “Who is talking Daniel, what is going on?” her voice held a good measure of fear.
Daniel rose and walked over to her,  “Selah what you did tonight to save me, you have let a light shine upon you that has been blocked until now, there are powers beyond us that want to meet you…we have to go there now.”
“Go there, where is there? What are you talking about? I just got you out of the void that’s all, we’ve been there hundreds of times before and…you wrong.” She cared not what Cece thought of their conversation she instead felt extreme dread settle upon her upon hearing that voice, calling Daniel.
“Don’t be afraid it’s not a bad thing, it’s good, very good when you broke through you made a unconscious decision to follow a certain path, the voice is just telling us it’s time to follow thru. We have to go back through like when you brought me out, you have to go the same way, we have to go whole, with our mind and bodies intact, what you did makes that possible now, it wasn’t before.” He held her hands tightly in his, “Can you trust me Selah, this is the beginning for us you will see, you will understand it all very soon, ok, can you trust me?”
Selah stared deeply in the familiar grey eye’s she had so missed, he had never really led her astray if she was totally honest with herself. Even when they had split up, if it hadn’t been her own insecurities that had made her so untrusting of him, she felt him putting a slight pressure on her hands bringing her back to reality.
“I do trust you, I really do Daniel, but I’m scared like I have never been before.”
“It’s fear of the unknown that’s all, but it’s going to be awesome you will see,” he turned to his mom “You have to come too mom, you’ll finally understand a lot about me that I never could tell you. I don’t want to say too much, you will have to see it to believe it, just keep you mind open ok.” He took her hand then looked at Selah again; “Bring us back through the door you created earlier.”
Cece looked at both of them; she had heard the words from the detached voice just as clearly as if someone was standing next to her. Something had taken place earlier tonight she couldn’t deny it any longer, after listening to the conversation between Selah and Daniel. She took her son’s hand and asked no questioned she had a very scientific mind and had learned a long time ago the best way to learn was to experience things in their full capacity, she felt butterflies in her stomach, this was going to be a moment of great revelation she could feel it all the way down to her very soul.
Selah turned and looked at the very spot her and Daniel had traversed only a few hours before, the outline was still visible it wasn’t so much a door but a jagged rip in space. She began to breath slowly again as she began to concentrated on her breath she calmed on the inside, letting her fear dissipate, she felt her body liquefy.  She was once again light, pure energy, she forgot all else she was just energy, and she was fast as light. She reached over and held fast to Daniel’s and Cece’s hand then she slid into the awaiting opening. 
Cece was speechless as she saw her son’s girlfriend actually morph into a beautiful light right before her eyes. Her eyes had never seen such a magnificent sight before, she was awestruck, as Selah reached out for her she let herself be lead, in that instant she would have done anything to be a part of that light surrounding her.
When they reached the other side safely inside the void, Daniel took over, he was the only one who knew where to bring them from there. He slid to the familiar place he had been to many times before. He slowed remembering the first time he had walked these corridors how overwhelmed he had been, he didn’t want to tarnish their experience in the slightest.
Selah glanced around this new place Daniel had brought her to, she was still brightly infused in energy; it was how she appeared here when she was totally in her physical form. She was surrounded by many statues of the most beautiful winged creatures, angels; it seemed as if they were frozen in time waiting for something. There were also frighteningly grotesque statues that made her think of tremendously evil spirits, demons. As Selah looked up and saw the huge ceilings in what seemed to be a corridor of sorts; it was the tallest ceilings she had ever seen. Did she see clouds moving up ahead, she wondered if they were actually inside or out? Then she saw a stone statue move, its head bending low as if it were bowing to her. She must have imagined it; she continued to make her way slowly, inching forward.
Cece held onto Daniel’s hand with a vice like grip, this place was otherworldly, this was the stuff of dreams, nightmares or this was heaven, or even hell. Noticing how the statues before her were carved with the precision of a master carver. All the details were remarkably lifelike; when she passed closely in front of one she was sure she could see the actual veins in the arms, and the flesh in the stone.  So when one bent its head in front of Selah she squeezed Daniel’s hand even harder her fear immense.
“It’s ok,” Daniel tried to reassure his mother; his own fear choking him. He noticed curiously that Selah wasn’t one bit afraid, she smelled more of determination. He let go of her hand and watched as she continued on her own, eagerly towards their destiny. She met each statue with a direct stare eye to eye; as they all bowed their heads to her. Daniel had never known that they were alive he had always thought they were pure stone, and he had never seen them move. But then again he had never brought Selah here, they were welcoming her home.
Selah saw the huge bronze door loom before her, the creatures carved inside emerging from the metal. She had the strangest feeling she had been here before, that this place meant a lot to her, it was this feeling that guided her to the doors fearlessly. As the gruesome sentries descended from the doors, their eyes of flame made to intimidate even the greatest amongst them. As she reached the two gigantic entities guarding the doors, and they moved into place she took a stance of her own challenging them. They both went down on one knee before her their weapons raised to her in an offering of peace, as the doors opened before her.
Daniel and Cece followed Selah at a much slower pace fear gripping them both as their hearts raced inside their chest. Daniel was amazed as her watched her; it was as if she remembered who she was. 
Selah watched as the doors swung open slowly, she felt the excitement build in the pit of her belly, this was real and meant for her. When she was finally able to see what was beyond the door she was taken aback, there was an enormous amount of people, on their knees facing the back of the room towards the alter found there. Selah could not see their faces, they were mumbling something in unison she couldn’t quite make it out, as she made her first step inside the room it all went deathly still.
 As all eyes turned towards her, the movement made her hesitate suddenly, afraid for the first time since arriving here. As she paused she felt Daniel’s hand on the small of her back edging her forward. She took a few more steps, but as she got deeper inside the room, adjacent to the first pillar she suddenly felt her knees buckle beneath her and she felt herself go down, it was as if someone was pushing her. She found herself lying flat on the floor unable to even lift her head it was under the sheer weight of an incredible force. 
Daniel was still holding his mother’s hand in his, she was clutching on to him with all her strength he could feel her pulse in her wrist going erratic. She was staring at all the people on their knees around the altar; he saw no sign of the creator. This left him confused slightly as to where he was, as he had summoned them. As he got just behind Selah and watched as she was forced to her knees he knew when they got to that spot they would have to do the same. He turned to his mom, her eyes were filled with wonderment at all she was seeing the height of the ceilings all the creatures surrounding the altar before them. And the pillars that encompassed the room, he squeezed her hand to get her attention and when she turned to face him he saw the tears rolling down her face. “When we get to the first pillar we will have to go to our knees, just as Selah is, ok” he said to her.
Cece was overwhelmed with emotions at first it had been raw fear that held her together and now it was pure joy she felt at peace for the first time in a very long time, all the doubts she had ever had about religion and god were confirmed for her in that instant and she released all her negativity.  She shook her head in response to Daniel, having just noticed Selah lying on the floor before her. She was much too emotional to speak at the moment, and when she reached the spot Daniel mentioned and felts herself brought down low from an invisible power beyond her control she let go of everything she had ever held back, and laid her soul bare before the throne.
Selah had been laying there, millions of thoughts running through her head, why did she feel as if she had been here before? Why wasn’t she frightened? Why did they all stare at her that way? Before she knew it she could see Daniel’s and Cece’s outline next to her, they too were made to bow before the throne. She tried to turn her head to meet Daniel’s eyes for a quick second but was completely paralyzed.
They all felt a slight touch on their shoulders and heard the same voice as before tell them “Rise my children; you have no need to fear.”
Selah felt the weight lift and she went to her feet slowly she lifted her head as she rose and saw feet before her, she looked up and saw a man dressed in a robe in the brightest white she had ever seen. His eyes were like flames the same as the sentries at the door, he had his hands clasped together and was smiling in welcome she felt as if she had found something lost, she was filled with tremendous joy. He was looking at her and her alone, he approached her and took her by the hands holding them, Selah could feel the absoluteness of his power it was as if she was holding on to time itself, she felt weightless, free and complete, wanting or needing for nothing.
“You have finally come back to me Selah, I have been waiting for a long time, I know you don’t remember but you will shortly. You have done something you told me a long time ago that you would do, you have kept your word and know I will keep mine.” He released her hand and put his inside a pocket of his robe and pulled out a small scroll. “All you must do is partake of this scroll and all your previous memories here will be restored, as in the beginning.”
Selah accepted he scroll and looked at him questioningly, should she read it? She heard his voice in her head “eat it” she looked around to see if anyone else had heard that, Daniel was looking straight ahead as if he couldn’t see her. She brought the scroll to her lips and put it all in her mouth, wondering what it would taste like when it began to dissolve instantly she thought of pure honey from wild bees the taste was magnificent. She felt herself changing suddenly as if her insides were going on the outside; she was light as air as if she were floating.
Daniel waited to see the creator before him he had felt the touch on his shoulder but no more after that, he rose and helped his mom to her feet. He still saw no sign of him he couldn’t see Selah anymore she had disappeared he stared at the throne before him and waited. So when he suddenly saw Selah reappear right before his eyes, her body floating above him in the center of the room he understood. The creator had been there all along  with her, she began transforming before them. Her light shone brighter than ever before she was twenty feet from the ground her body rotating slowly she appeared to be in a cocoon and her physical appearance was changing she was taking her original form. Daniel began to bubble with excitement he hadn’t seen her this way since the beginning. All the creatures in the room was transfixed on her, it was done in a matter of minutes. She stopped rotating and became completely still before them all. 
She had the most beautiful robe spun of pure silver to deflect the light keeping the darkness away; her hair was also silver and shimmered like gold. Her eyes were still the same hazel but the green were now specked with gold throughout. She had two huge wings fluttering from her back, they were divided into two separate sections that were swaying gently back and forth keeping her afloat twenty feet up in the air. And on her feet were the most beautiful silver sandals molded to fit. 
 She came down to Daniel and stood before him. Daniel eyes welled with tears, he couldn’t believe this moment had finally arrived, he had dreamed of this his whole existence. 
“My Daniel, you have proven yourself time and time again, you were with me at the beginning and held fast to your faith in me, us. You have sacrificed much over all your lives and I haven’t always been faithful to you. But in this life you have lead me to have much love, and a strong belief in our unity. I know I would never have made it this far without you. I choose you for the path you set for yourself so long ago, I want you beside me always, you are well aware of the perils we will face now that I have come back into my power, my memories restored. You have been a rock steady and strong and now I will ask you to do the unthinkable, you know what is required, so are you willing, Daniel?”
Daniel’s hand shook, his feeling were betraying him weakening him in this moment when he needed strength, what he had considered beauty before could not compare to what he saw before him now. His mouth was dry and he took a second to reply, as he tried to get the right words to come forward. He instead let his instincts take over; he bent to one knee showing her instead his intent. 
“Selah, my angel, my love, my life is yours to behold. I am yours to command for as long as I have a breath, I pledge all that I have to you and our cause, never faltering. I accept your request, I have waited since the beginning of time for this chance to be you guard in the quest ahead.”
Selah smiled at Daniel he had proven himself more than capable and worthy of his calling. She touched his head and made the bond, woven of pure spirit that would make it official. As she reached the part of his vortex inside of his head which gave her access to his thoughts she left a part of herself for him to feel forever. She could feel his immense joy through the bond now, just as he could sense her. They were connected spiritually their bond only broken with death, if Selah died Daniel would also. But if Daniel died Selah having formed the bond would suffer incredible pain and loss but would live, her time was limited until she would have to find another to replace him or she could die also from the feelings of emptiness and grief, once a bond had been established she would always need one.
Selah relished the wonderment of her newly formed connection with the man she loved. She already had transformed, it was now time for him to do so also. She again wove pure spirit, as she remembered how he had fought before, when he had been forced to, he was a two handed fighter, and he would need all his talents for the journey ahead. 
Daniel felt himself being lifted off the ground he didn’t float as high as Selah had, he could feel everything she felt it was amazing. She was a part of him now he knew the consequences of his choice but had claimed it willingly, gladly, to be with her like this. No marriage on earth provided this kind of closeness, and what she had just done had sealed the deal, they were made for one another now, with the same thoughts he could speak to her with no words, she would know everything he had never told her.
Selah felt the love Daniel had for her vibrate through the bond, she understood now why he had held back from her. Why she had never been told by him about the void at first, it had to do with both their vows. He had vowed to let her make her own choices, like all humans had to do, follow her own will. And he had vowed to protect and he always had, throughout all their lives. Selah wove with all her memories of their times in her weave, she would give him powers to prevail over almost anything; she let her newly found spirit infuse into his very soul, sealing it with her love for him.
Daniel felt himself being lowered to the ground once more he looked as if he belonged with her now, he wore armor made of the same silver as her dress, he had gauntlets on his wrist, carved with the symbol for power,  a triangle with a circle within, it had always meant infinity to him. He had a bow slung along his back with pure silver arrows made to pierce through flesh or spirit, alive or dead. And in both hand’s he held a scimitar, the long curved blades looking razor sharp. He could feel the power of her spirit in the magnificent weapons she had forged for him; it was as if his arms had been extended, the weight of the weapons as light as air. He felt as if he was naked, the armor again as light as his weapons, and he was changed forever on the inside, knowing he was prepared for what was to come, he had never let fear rule his thoughts but now he had the tenacity to follow thru with anything, Selah was his life now he would live to protect her, she was his angel and he her guard.
Selah watched as Daniel swung his new weapons getting the feel of them, he was a sight to behold beauty and danger exuded from his very being. She could feel his pride at being finally chosen, he glanced at her she heard his thoughts “I look freaking awesome now,” he smiled at her “Thank you, for the wonderful gifts, and with you beside me everything is complete.”
Selah approached him until she could smell his breath, “I love you, Can you feel how much?” she smiled at him her thoughts penetrating his. She felt him returning the immensity of his emotions back to her triple fold; she lowered her head to his and kissed his lips, never realizing how blissful it was to feel her own emotions and his at the same time. She had not a doubt she had chosen correctly, she loved him deeply and what she felt from him could only be described as ferocious. She had her own magnificent beast to protect her now, her Daniel.
Cece witnessed everything enfold before her eyes and let the tears pour down her face, unashamed. She stood before them now, they were breathtaking to her eyes almost too beautiful to behold, she could feel the power emanating from them both, as she looked upon her son, or what used to be her son. As she gazed upon them she felt the fear descend upon her and settled inside her core. She knew not what they were made to do now, she only knew in her heart that they were not of the earth they belonged in this world now. She felt sadness but also an extreme deep inner joy she couldn’t explain, this was right they belonged here. The creator had stood back and watched the scene enfold before him, the creatures had remained bowed surrounding the altar.
“Cecile you have had the privilege of being a witness to greatness on this day, what you have seen must remain hidden for a time. When the time is over you must be called to reveal what you have witnessed to many. You must bring forth your renewed beliefs. For through belief you shall conceive faith, your faith shall give birth to hope and it is this hope that shall help sustain them all.”
Cece felt the words sink inside her soul awaiting their time, she felt better than she had in a long time her strength and stamina renewed, as she accepted this task eagerly. She would never waver from this; the creator knew he had chosen well the women that had sustained one of his best guards.
Selah turned once more to face her father, her true father the one who had brought her soul into existence. She had been with him when they were few, before the earth had been created. She remembered so much now, she was ancient but she felt as if she had just come to be, all her lives never knowing who she was had made that possible. She had vowed so long ago to make the prophecy come to be, to tear the veil and begin the cycle of time anew. She had had to do it by her own choice and that had to be propelled by her innocence. If she had been aware of the power she would receive in the end it would have tainted her, and the timing would have been wrong. The Mayan’s had thought the task would be performed in December of this year, but that was the date that it would all come to fruition. Today was the true beginning of that change; time would change now, the tear making the stillness of the void bleed into human existence. It would also allow the spirits access now. The people would be afraid for the times to come as things never before seen to human eyes would emerge, good and bad would seek to be released from their stagnation, here inside the void. As the time of spirituality would begin, her time was short to find them all before it was too late.
“Father, thank you for being so patient with me, through all my mistakes, I am grateful for all the guidance you have given me, but most of all for the freedom to choose my own destiny.” Selah told him lovingly.
“I am so happy to have you home once more; you would never have become as beautiful as you are now if not for those choices. We shall spend tonight reminiscing over things you and I. But first and foremost, do you remember your tasks now, what must be done?”
“Yes father, I remember, I must find the others, all seven of us, and help appoint a guard for each before they come into their powers on their own. If that were to happen it 
would be catastrophic, but I only remember one thing to guide me it is a sort of a rhyme, let me recite it for you:
As the Spirits within, atone for their sins.
The first untold will tear the veil,
 and change the world on a grand scale.
Pure spirit to bend and mold all men, 
as time begins anew again.
The second is heat a burning flame; 
his anger may bring them all to shame.
Only compassion will set things right,
 or all shall burn throughout the night.
The third is beautiful a candles light,
 to look upon is an awesome sight.
Turned frigid and cold, 
only finding her love will melt her soul.
 The fourth is made to rip asunder,
 tear walls with rain and thunder.
All must turn to their faith once more,
 rivers of tears for what’s in store.
The fifth is solid as a stone;
 nothing can shatter or break his bones.
As the earth grumbles groans,
 buried alive, can you hear the moans?
The sixth may turn the oceans to blood;
 the livings they die forget the floods.
The people hungry, what shall they eat,
 the fish are dead and there’s no meat.
Hope is what they truly need,
 only then, may they once more feed.
The seventh is innocent and so pure,
 as she watches, waiting, so much to endure.
When finally her powers take flight,
 she becomes to all a never ending light.
 The son of god, judgement near,
 the remainder tremble in fear.
The signs of the apocalypse shall rain down on you, what will you do?
As the angels leavened reign down from heaven.

End of |Book I



Footnotes: Added on July 5, 2013

The void or parallel:
 The moment when our subconscious enters sleep, as we let our bodies relax and enter into a state of mind similar to the very beginning of time before creation, when all was dark. Then as we delve deeper into our subconscious we begin creating in our dreams, the void is the place where dreams are found, along with nightmares, spirits, both good and evil, and not too mention all the deep seated fear we let loose in our subconscious mind.
The main characters in my novels have the power to go to this place without loosing consciousness. They have the unique ability to detach their spirit from their physical bodies, thus retaining a measure of control over the outcome of their wandering inside this world. There they also discover immense power and their ability to use all the elements, fire, water, wind and air not to mention spirit to guide them in their journey. They also find accessible in this plane of existence, the doors to the eight levels of heaven.
The veil: 
A thin membrane separating the two worlds, when inside the void it is discovered that it is transparent to the other side. Making the transition easier from one side to the other. Enduring faith and strength of character are the only means to cross the veil into the void, unless there is a open portal.
Portal:
 An opening leading to another plane of existence.


Stay tuned for Book II  Prophesied A Spirit Within 
Emerge
Released June/July, 2013
Please feel free to leave feedback it is greatly appreciated.
If you want more please follow me here 
http://cheryl-spiritquest.blogspot.ca/
https://www.facebook.com/#!/doucetsurette 

Emerge
1-Memories
Peter was startled to suddenly hear the doorbell; he had been deep in thought wondering if Daniel was going to be alright. He hadn’t heard any news yet from Selah and had been expecting her home earlier that morning. As he made his way to the front door, he peeked out through the side window, when he saw Cece there he felt a lump of bile rise inside his throat. 
This couldn’t be good if Daniel’s mom was here, he must of gotten worst since last night. The motorcycle accident had been horrific to say the least. He wondered could the pressure on his brain given him severe damage, he prayed it wasn’t that. He had grown to love Daniel like he was his own son; he hoped this wasn’t bad news. As he opened the door, he pasted on a smile hoping it would make everything ok.
Cece wished she could think of the words to describe how she was feeling at this moment. What she had just bore witness to, had left her speechless. She couldn’t think of what she was going to say to Peter at all, but she knew she had to somehow explain to him… The creator had given her a small token to help in the explaining and told her to only show Peter and Jacob together, it could only be used once by her. She couldn’t waste the gift. 
When she saw Peter’s smile she knew it would all be ok, she smiled back as she mumbled a hasty “hello.”
“Hi yourself, I hope you’ve come bearing good news…” Peter regretted his words soon after they left his lips, what if it was bad news, damn he should of kept his mouth shut already, but still better to be positive.
“Daniel is awake, thanks to Selah, she never gave up that daughter of yours, and I’m so grateful she’s so tenacious.” Cece surprised herself with the words that stumbled out, as if she doubted her ability to speak suddenly. She walked in to the house as Peter held the door open for her.
 It was sad how tragedy had brought them together, she respected Peter, and he had chosen the right road after his wife Diana had died suddenly, a few months before. Daniel had informed her how he had been lost at first preferring the bottle to any sort of company. But god willing he had straightened himself out before it got too out of hand. She looked up at him and saw how it had aged him, he was only a year older than she was but looked at least 10. Still he was not a bad looking man; he had a regal way of carrying himself. Embarrassed by her thoughts, she looked down suddenly she hadn’t really looked at another man since her Jack had died seven years ago.
“Are you home alone or is Jacob here?” Cece asked, hoping he hadn’t noticed her frank stare.
Peter oblivious to her concerns led her into the kitchen, he had made coffee earlier, “Jacob should be home soon. Would you like a cup of coffee, only made half hour ago?”  He wondered why Selah wasn’t with her, and why she wanted to see Jacob.
“Yeah that sounds great, milk and sugar please,” she stated realizing her lips were watering at the thought of coffee, was she thirsty, or was it the company? What was she thinking? Ever since what she had witnessed she seemed to have no hold of her emotions or thought for that matter, she was usually so controlled? It was rattling her; she squeezed her hands together in exasperation, hoping Peter didn’t notice. Luckily he was too busy making her coffee.
Peter turned with the mugs of coffee full up to the brim; he met Cece eyes with his. Daniel and his mom had the same eyes, a deep grey color. He looked away for some reason, as right now Cece’s were unsettling to him. “So what’s going on how did my daughter get him out of the coma, or wait should I even ask?” he ran his hand through his hair, it was a nervous habit he had when he didn’t know what to do with himself.
“It’s ok, Peter,” She reached to pat his hand in reassurance “Selah didn’t do anything bad, I just wanted to wait until Jacob was home to explain because I don’t think I could get it out right twice in a row.”
Peter tilted his head in confusion, arching his eyebrows in question. “I see that make sense,” he gave a nervous chuckle, and then stopped himself from running his hand through his hair again. “So he’s awake, does he seem to have all his brain function back? He must be sore everywhere?”
Cece remembered how Daniel looked the last time she had seen him, she had never seen him so…happy. “Actually he doing awesome I don’t think he was feeling anything but overjoyed, really.”
“Does he remember anything from when he was comatose, I’ve heard you can still hear everything, you’re a nurse, is that true?”
“Actually that is true, a few years back I was taking care of a patient that was on his last legs, the family had all been called to the hospital they expected him to pass at any moment he had been in a coma for a while. He had a very large family, around 15 children if I remember right and they were all there except one, his middle son. They had been mad at each other for the past twenty years, and never spoken. His son arrived and was talking to his brother in the room, when suddenly the father woke up, he turned to his son, he said “I was waiting for you to come; I just wanted to say I forgive you.” Then a few seconds later the father passed away, it was a very touching to witness it all enfold the way it did.” Cece sat back holding her coffee remembering that moment.
“Wow, that’s such a great story. I suppose you see all kind of sad things there at the hospital.
“Yeah, you’d be surprised.”
“I never really put much thought into it before.” Peter exclaimed. “I always try and stay away from hospitals if I can; it seems all I find there, is sadness.”
“I’m sorry Peter I didn’t mean…”
“I seem to have spent more time there in the past 6 months than I have the last 20 years, except for when the kids were born, that was happy times of course.”
“Did you see the births?” Cece wondered if he had went in to witness the miracle of his children being born, not all men were up for it, back then anyway it was rarer.
Peter got a faraway look in his eyes suddenly as if he was there once again, “Yeah, Selah, it was incredible she was so tiny and when she finally took that first breath, it was like I could breathe too. Diana had had a miscarriage before Selah was born, so we always had that worry in the back of our minds, you know and hoping she was healthy and all.”
“She had to have a caesarean for Jacob thought, he was so big she couldn’t pass him through the birth canal, Selah was 7 lbs. but he weighted over 11 lbs.’, he was so long and big.”
“Wow, that’s big, usually babies are around the same size though.”
“I remember she was always so hungry for Jacob I thought she had 4 in there the way she was eating. I used to have to go to the store in the middle of the night cause she woke up and needed, and I mean needed to have ice cream, or turkey I remember she had so many turkey sandwiches I thought I would have to start raising them.” He really laughed then, thinking of her looks she would get when she woke, he had never questioned it just got dressed and went, thank goodness for the grocery store, open 24 hours a day. “I’m sorry was I rattling on…” he snapped back to attention remembering where he was.
“It’s good to remember you know, it took me a long time to do that, I thought after Jack was gone that I was supposed to just be there for him when he was sick you know…for so long that’s all I did, take care of him watching him disappear with the cancer. After he died, I was so tired I kind of put him on a pedestal for a long time. Daniel would want to talk about him and I just couldn’t, but I finally let that go and now it feels really good to remember him, the good times, before he got sick.”
They both sat there quietly in their own thought remembering what had been, in very different ways, they seemed to reach an understanding in that brief time frame, they each had loved and lost, and had somehow manage to pick up the pieces for their children. In the stillness they formed a friendship based on mutual understanding of their pain and grief, suffered in their losses.
Suddenly the peace was interrupted by the front door opening, Jacob was home. Now he could find out what his daughter had done to help bring Daniel out of his coma after the motorcycle accident.
-----*****-----
Daniel watched Selah as she spoke with the creator, her father; they had made arrangements to let Selah’s birth father, and brother know about the recent changes to their situation. He had been blessed that his mom had been able to travel to the void to see firsthand what had transpired between Selah and him. She was excited and nervous about seeing Peter and Jacob; he could feel her emotions running rampant through their bond. 
She now understood why he had done all he had done, this bond was wonderful for that she could feel every emotion he had running through his mind, all his thoughts. She was exhilarated with the change and they seemed to feed off one another. He felt a wave of love coursing from the invisible string attaching them; he looked at her and saw Selah was staring back at him. It was going to take a bit of getting used to, but he was pretty sure he could manage. 
They would know when to make contact with Peter, his mom Cecile would give them a sign when all was ready on the other side, from his understanding they would only take their angel and guardian forms when they were here in the void, unless they crossed the veil in their physical form from here or vice versa. It was a little confusing to take all the new information in, there was so much to remember, Daniel supposed that’s why the bond was made in the fashion it was so they could digest the information better between them both.
Selah felt complete, as if she had never realized she was missing pieces. With her memories filled in she thought differently, she could see all her experiences from all her lives and make better decisions. And having Daniel in her head also well, she could no longer hide from her feelings or pretend he didn’t have the effect he had on her. She wished she could just go in a corner somewhere and actually just sit back and remember. They had been through a lot Daniel and her, and not all of it good.  She was amazed at how he still loved her and had never given up trying to be with her, regardless of what she had put him through for the past few thousands of years.
But sadly she couldn’t take the time to reminisce now, they had to begin the search for the seven angels, and she realized they had to be in some sort of semblance of order so once found they could aide in her journey. This was totally new for her this was a part of her life she had been always unconsciously striving to obtain. And now that her goal was visible she felt her core shiver at the enormity of the task at hand.
“We will make it together, trust me, we will help one another stand.”  Hearing Daniel’s voice inside her head startled her at first; she looked up and saw him smile from the distance.
“I know, I’m just scared it won’t be easy.” Selah answered him back. She was soon interrupted by her father, the creator, “YOU TWO WILL HAVE TIME ENOUGH  LATER, TO TEST YOUR POWERS, I HEAR CECILE, SHE HAS PETER AND JACOB WITH HER THEY ARE WAITING, FEAR NOT CHILD ALL WILL BE WELL, IT IS UP TO YOU TO SHOW THEM, I CANNOT HELP YOU IN THIS PART OF THE JOURNEY, BUT I WILL GIVE YOU SOMEONE WHO WILL HELP THEM TO UNDERSTAND…”
Selah’s brows wrinkled together this was going to be difficult to achieve she thought they would have proof with the creator on their side to tell her dad and brother. This was not working out well, she felt the well open up and saw into her house it was like a mirror image to where she stood. She could see the living room spread out in her field of vision, there was still the veil between them at this point and she was sure they couldn’t see what she saw from her angle. She had been told to stretch the veil so the hole could close back into itself instead of ripping a large hole like she had done in Daniel’s hospital room.
 Selah took a small hair pin out of her hair and poked the veil with it. It had been constructed from spirit just like Daniel’s armor. As she poke a hole through the veil, Daniel suddenly appear at her side and wedged his finger in besides the pin whole and began to stretch the hole wider working it with his hands until it was large enough to put his whole hand through and then both of them, it seemed to be a painstakingly slow task but necessary to prevent a actual tear inside her house where any creatures could use to gain a foothold inside the world. 
-----*****-----
Peter was wondering if Cece was just overtired she wasn’t making much sense to him now she must have stayed up for the past 24 hours working and he knew she hadn’t slept much recently worrying over Daniel’s condition. She was talking gibberish about them. Selah had torn the veil, or something, and brought Daniel’s spirit back and now they had a mission.
He gently grabbed unto Cece’s arm to tell her everything would be just fine she had to go home and get a bit of rest and things would be clearer then. When suddenly he saw a bright light appear in the middle of the living room, it was the size of a small beam at first but was growing steadily as he went speechless. Jacob had just rolled his eyes in exasperation of Cece’s story when he too went completely still watching the light invade their normally quiet and peaceful living room, it was spell bounding no-one dared blink for fear of discovery.

I hope you enjoyed this small excerpt from Emerge.
