


Partners in Crime






Partners in Crime


By P X DUKE


Copyright © 2021 P X Duke
All Rights Reserved


ISBN 978-1-928161-50-9





Partners in Crime is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Places mentioned by name are entirely fictitious and purely products of the author’s imagination, and are not meant to bear resemblance to actual places or locations.





0 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1




Partners in Crime


Contents


Partners in Crime

Read Order for Jim Nash stories

More  |  About

https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com



Read Order for Jim Nash Stories

Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Snap Brim Fedora Caper
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All the Glitter
Mexico Time
Shop Till You Drop
Partners in Crime

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper




ONE


IT WAS A COOL MID-MORNING, just right for a pleasant walk before the heat of the day took over. It was a welcome relief from the heat and humidity of the past week, and Jim Nash and Maddie Spence were taking advantage by going for a walk. Friday was tagging along on his long leash, sniffing and snorting and huffing and puffing as he investigated smells and scents everywhere but the direction his humans were trying to lead him.
—I swear, Jim, if that dog of yours doesn’t start behaving—
—My dog? That’s a first. Are you going to put that in writing and sign your real name?
—Not on your life, mister.
Frustrated by the dog’s antics, Maddie called to him.
—Friday. Heel.
He snorted his disapproval, but, brought to bear, the jet-black Labrador reluctantly obeyed his mistress. He knew better than to disagree. The dog moved to her side and she gathered up the length of the leash in a loop. Just because he could, Friday crossed in front of her and moved into position between Jim and Maddie. She scrambled to switch the leash from one hand to another and dropped it. Jim caught her elbow as the leash tangled around her feet.
—Don’t worry, dear. If we get him home before he kills both of us I’ll flog him for you.
Maddie give Jim a dirty look.
—You most certainly will not. I’ll flog him myself. Right, Friday?
She bent to scratch at an ear. Friday rewarded his mistress with a cold nose and a swish of wet tongue across her fingers.
—That’s better. Now maybe you’ll end up with ice cream. Both of you.
Friday picked up the pace. He knew the sound of those words. He also knew the way to the familiar ice cream place by heart.
—See that, Jim? That’s how you get a dog to behave. Just promise him a little ice cream and he moves along nicely, thank you very much.
Jim was almost trotting along beside the dog, trying to adapt to the position he had taken up between them. In his eagerness, Friday tugged at the grip his mistress had taken on his leash.
—We’d better behave if we know who buys our ice cream, Friday.
The dog woofed acknowledgment and pressed a cold nose to Jim’s dangling hand. He took a passing lick at his fingers, too, just for good measure.
—Good boy, Friday. That’s my dog.
On reaching the ice cream shop, Jim and Friday knew the all too familiar drill. They took up their position at the table beneath the umbrella and waited, not very patiently. Jim reached down to slap the dog’s side. Friday whined and pawed the ground, frustrated that he wasn’t getting ice cream on his schedule.
—What do you think is taking that woman so long, dog? Surely she can’t be making us wait on purpose.
Friday didn’t know, either. He snuffled and woofed and paced back and forth as far as the leash would allow. Finally, Maddie exited the shop and approached the table. Friday was all eyes and ears and wagging tail.
—It’s about time, woman. Your dog has been wondering where you were.
—Only my dog? How about my man? I know how much you like ice cream too. Know how I know?
Jim ignored the question, as did Friday. He was busy looking up at what his mistress had in her hands. Unperturbed, Maddie went on.
—It’s your waistline. Friday’s, too.
Jim reached for the dog, but he had already moved on in eager anticipation of what he knew was coming.
—She’s calling you fat, Friday. Me too. What are we going to do about it?
Friday snorted and whined. He knew where his ice cream came from, and it wasn’t the man this morning.
—We were just discussing how you had to be making us wait on purpose.
Maddie put Friday’s paper bowl of special doggie ice cream on the ground. Friday woofed his approval and dug in, happily licking away at the welcome ice cream treat. Jim did the same, but he got to sit at a table and use a wooden spoon.
—I swear, if you weren’t with me you’d be down on your hands and knees with Friday.
Friday looked up from his ice cream bowl with a wistful look and stared at Jim. He wouldn’t mind the company in the slightest.
—You’re darn right I would, and you know it, woman. Now don’t bug us. Your menfolk are busy enjoying their treats.
Maddie sighed. Friday finished his bowl and looked up at the two humans. His nose and whiskers were white from the ice cream. He swiped a pink tongue over his muzzle, but missed his nose. Maddie grinned at her dog’s antics.
—Friday, you are too much. Come here and I’ll wipe your nose for you.
The dog picked up his paper bowl and approached.
—You’re not getting any more. You’d better have enjoyed what you got. There’s no more.
Disappointed at Maddie’s tone, he dropped the bowl at Jim’s feet.
—I’m sorry, dog. Your mistress has laid down the law. No more ice cream for you.
Jim got up and gathered the leftovers and tossed them in the bin.
—All right, boy and girl. It’s time to walk off the calories.
The trio made their way to the sidewalk and home. Jim gave Friday the lead on the long leash and the dog scrambled back and forth and up and down in front and behind and into alleys and doorways, sniffing and snorting and wagging his tail. Suddenly, he halted, out of sight and down an alleyway.
—Come along, Friday. Home.
The dog didn’t respond.
—Friday. Heel.




TWO


JIM TUGGED AT FRIDAY’S LEASH. There was no response from the suddenly stubborn dog.
—This isn’t like him. What is that dog into now? Friday. Come.
The dog remained out of sight, at the end of his tether on the long leash. He struggled to stretch it even farther. Unable to proceed with the unruly dog, Jim halted. He called and tugged again. Maddie waited too, wondering what Friday had discovered in an alley that he refused to come when called. She was more patient than Jim.
A loud bark issued from the alley. It was unlike the dog not to obey. Something was definitely amiss. A weak whine followed another bark. Friday appeared, nosing a yellow ball of fur in front of him. Each time the fur-ball halted, Friday nudged it again. The furry creature halted at Jim’s feet and went down on its tummy. Friday, pleased with his discovery and even more with himself, plopped down beside the animal and looked up, as if to say, I did my job, now it’s your turn. His tail frantically swept the sidewalk.
—What’s this you’ve found, dog?
Jim bent to retrieve the ball of fur. He held it out for inspection.
—A girl. Just what we need. Another woman in the family.
He looked over at Maddie and grinned while putting the yellow furball over his shoulder. The puppy rubbed at his stubble with a wet nose and snorted. Her tongue flicked out and she tried crawling higher in his arms until her sharp teeth nibbled at a nice, smooth ear.
—She smells good. Somebody must have given her a bath recently.
Friday snorted and barked again. The puppy whined and licked Jim’s fingers. She nestled against Jim’s shoulder and made to lick his face again. Turned off by the sharp stubble, she moved back to his ear and licked and then bit.
—Ouch. Watch it, mongrel, or I’ll put you back where you came from.
Friday wasn’t having it. He nudged Jim’s thigh and moved beside Maddie and looked up at her.
—You most certainly will not put that helpless little puppy back in that alley, Jim Nash.
Friday pranced around the pair, proud of his efforts at finding the pup. He was looking for a scratch behind the ear as a reward for doing good. Jim couldn’t do it. He was busy with the puppy on his shoulder. The puppy was busy squirming in his arms. He tightened his grip, fearful she might slip to the ground.
—She’s a puppy. She smells too good. Someone must have lost their little angel. We can’t just take her.
Maddie finally rewarded her dog with a scratch.
—Good boy, Friday.
Maddie wasn’t so certain about taking the dog with them either.
—We can’t just up and take someone’s dog. It’s called dog-napping. Isn’t there a law against that?
That garnered an exasperated look from Jim. She went on.
—Like there should be a law against you and Friday napping in the office when the two of you should be out jogging.
Jim blushed and his face turned a bright pink. He didn’t like to be reminded that he had been caught out the day it rained. He and Friday had been snoozing in the office. He figured to blame the dog for not noticing that they should have been soaking wet before climbing the stairs to the third-floor apartment. Instead, Maddie was the one that noticed.
—That was all Friday’s fault. Right, Friday?
Friday wasn’t having any of it. He was intent on the ball of fur squirming in Jim’s arms. He continued circling the pair, wrapping their legs with his leash. His tail wagged furiously.
—I’m going to look where Friday found him. Maybe there’s someone who doesn’t know his dog is missing.
Jim untangled his legs and handed Maddie the leash. He made for the alley, carrying the small dog with him. Friday stuck with Maddie. He already knew there was no one there. Jim returned minutes later. Content in Jim’s warm arms, the the puppy had settled down and ceased her squirming.
—Nothing. Not even a water bowl. We should probably get the little squirt home for a drink and something to eat. Come on, you two. Let’s get moving.
Maddie rolled her eyes. Friday snorted. The threesome made for the main drag and their office building. Friday’s new friend whined and nuzzled Jim’s neck. A tiny, pink tongue licked his ear. Maddie giggled and scratched the puppy’s tummy.
—I wonder what her name is.
—Her? How do you know?
Jim’s grip tightened. He didn’t want the fur ball to wriggle out of his arms.
—I looked when you did, silly. Now let’s get home. Come along, boys.
Man looked down and dog looked up and they both snorted their disapproval. Maddie didn’t care. She had another dog on her hands.
—Say, Maddie?
She looked over at Jim still cradling the dog.
—Maybe if no one claims her—
She huffed indignantly.
—Don’t be silly. No one keeps a lost dog as a pet. It’s not right. And it’s probably against the law.
Jim thought for a moment, recalling how Friday had ended up in Maddie’s care.
—Seriously? That’s what you’re going with?
Maddie had discovered Friday at an interstate rest area, obviously deserted or left on purpose or both. When she opened her car door, he had jumped in ahead of her. He had refused to get out, no matter her entreaties. They had adopted one another on the spot, and she drove away with him.
—You, a woman who found a dog in a rest area and claimed him as her own?
—Well, now that you put it that way—
It was only when Jim had taken her dog in for a checkup with a veterinarian that he discovered the true owner of the dog, thanks to a chip implant.
—Ouch.
Jim’s new friend and her sharp teeth closed on an ear lobe, interrupting his train of thought.
—Friday. Make your new friend behave, will you?
He put the dog on the ground and opened the door to the office building. Friday nosed the exhausted puppy through the door towards the stairs. She looked up and hesitated at what was obviously an unfamiliar obstacle to further progress.
—I don’t think she’s ever seen stairs.
Friday nudged and pushed and finally a pair of furry front feet deposited themselves on the first step. Not knowing what to do beyond that, it became obvious that Friday needed to swing into action. He nosed and nudged and pushed the dog up onto the first step, and then promptly sat down to congratulate himself on his forbearance.
The puppy looked back at Friday before depositing her front feet up another step. Friday did his duty and nosed and nudged the rest of her up the step.
—I need to get a video of this. No one will believe it when I try to tell them.
Maddie brought out her phone and began filming.
—She probably hasn’t eaten or had anything to drink for a while. I’m going to go up and fix some water and food. Don’t let her exhaust herself, okay?
—All right, dad. Whatever you say.
Jim dispatched a dirty look over his shoulder as he hurried upstairs.




THREE


WHEN HOLLY FRANKLIN’S MOTHER told her she could have a pet, Holly had asked her mom to take her to look at dogs. Neither of them were happy with what they saw in the malls and the dog breeders, so Holly ended up at an animal shelter. Her mother had given her permission to visit on weekends and to offer to help out. One place, impressed by the little girl’s sincerity and interest, took the little girl up on her offer. That was where Holly found her dog.
She was able to pick a name for the little yellow ball of fur. Bella had taken to Holly right off. Finger-licking through the fence had turned into anxious whimpers and puppy-barking when she showed up. She wasn’t allowed to take the dog home at first. The puppy was too young, but Holly had attended the obedience training they offered. At first she only watched. Later, when little Bella was older, the dog willingly accompanied her.
Finally, the day arrived, and Holly and Bella met up and were driven home by her mother. Little Bella turned out to be a good match for little Holly. Together the pair roamed the back yard. She helped her puppy as she investigated scents and smells and flowers and other shiny things that only a puppy can be attracted to.
Holly was meticulous with her care for Bella. She fed her and watered her and washed and cleaned the bowls and made sure fresh paper was on the floor, ready for Bella if she made a mistake. And she did, but not often. Paper-training, her mother had called it. For when the dog couldn’t wait to go outside. Bella was pretty good about it, though, and Holly made sure that she took her outside and picked up after her.
Thus it was that Holly had finally been permitted to take Bella to the ice cream place for her first doggie ice cream treat. Holly listened carefully to her mother as she explained the rules. Her mom offered to pay for the treat.
—No, mom. I can pay for Bella. She’s my dog.
Holly went upstairs to her bedroom to retrieve her piggy bank. She sat on her bed and carefully counted out what she thought she would need to pay for the special ice cream for her puppy.
—That’s fine, dear, but I want you to tuck this in your pocket, just in case. Call it traveling money.
Holly’s mother handed her a paper bill.
—Traveling money? What’s that?
—Traveling money is what you take with you when you go out with friends. Maybe you’ll see a food stand and want to treat them.
—Well, in that case, Bella is definitely my friend.
She reached down to scratch Bella behind the ears. The puppy rolled over and Holly made to scratch the dog’s tummy, too. The dog’s feet waved at the air and she squirmed on her back.
—All right, Bella. Do you need to go to the bathroom?
She looked at her mom.
—I’d better take Bella out for a bit first. I don’t want her to make a mistake in the car or at the ice cream place.
—Let me know when you’re ready.
Holly led the dog outside and walked her in the back yard. Following a little coaxing, Bella did her business and followed Holly across to the front.
—I’ll drop you off at the ice cream parlor and then I’m going to run a few errands. Will you be all right on your own for a bit?
Holly thought for a moment before responding.
—I think so. I’ll take Bella exploring while we wait. We won’t go far. I promise. Come on, Bella. Car ride.
Bella bounded after the girl and halted at the car, waiting and wagging her tail.
—Good girl, Bella.
She bent to pick up the dog and carried her into the car. They sat in the front seat. Bella looked out the window and wiggled and wagged and licked and whimpered.
—I think she knows we’re going for an ice cream treat, mom.
Holly’s mom smiled. She was pleased with the way her daughter had taken to caring for the dog. Right off she had dedicated herself to brushing and bathing and cleaning up after little Bella.
Sandy pulled into the ice cream parlor’s parking lot and waited until Holly and Bella approached the window before waving and driving off. With a bit of luck she’d be back in fifteen minutes, plenty of time for the two of them to enjoy their ice cream treat.
Holly was forced to put Bella down on the ground in order to reach into her pocket to pay for the ice cream. She didn’t want to do it. The wiggly little puppy turned out to be too much for her. She’d neglected the dog’s collar and leash at home, thinking it wouldn’t be needed. Bella would only be on the ground for a minute while she paid.
She picked up Bella’s paper cup of ice cream and turned around. She looked down. Bella wasn’t there. She looked around the side of the building and ended up walking around it. Still no Bella. She called the dog’s name. Usually Bella let out with a puppy bark when she heard her name. It didn’t happen this time.
Holly was beginning to panic. Bella wasn’t used to the street and the cars and the strange scents. She knew Bella would be out exploring. She stumbled and almost dropped the ice cream. She called again. Bella didn’t answer her plaintive cry.
—Here Bella. Ice cream. I have ice cream.
It didn’t do any good. Bella was gone. Holly sobbed. She gripped the ice cream bowl in both hands and began walking up and down the street. She searched frantically for her puppy. She called the dog’s name, again and again.
There was no answer from little Bella.




FOUR


JIM OPENED THE CABINET DOORS beneath the kitchen sink. He moved Friday’s food and came up with two small stainless bowls, one for water and one for food. He ran the cold water in the sink and filled one. The other he filled with a bit of Friday’s dry food. He debated whether he should mix it with a bit of water, and decided to wait until the puppy found it. If she turned up her nose, he’d mix it for her.
He bent to beneath the sink a second time and came up with some old newspaper. He spread that on an opposite corner of the floor. He spoke to no one in particular.
—If she’s been paper-trained— nah. There’s no way she’s paper trained.
Downstairs, Maddie had put away her phone. Laughing at Friday’s antics to help the puppy climb the stairs, she picked up the dog and carried her the rest of the way. Friday, relieved of nose duty, brought up the rear, whimpering his concern all the way.
—Shush, dog. Your new bestie will be just fine. If I waited on the pair of you to work your way up those stairs, I’d grow old with the puppy.
She placed the dog on the floor and Friday nudged her into the apartment. He lay down, blocking the doorway with his body. If his new friend tried to wander away, he’d do his best to prevent it.
The puppy wasn’t concerned with trying to get past Friday. She was intent on exploring her new surroundings. She waddled here and there, sniffing and snuffing and snorting. She disappeared around a corner, tail held high and wagging, into the living room. Startled to find herself all alone, she barked and scampered back into the kitchen. Spying Friday on his stomach in the doorway, she broke into a run. She collided with the startled dog. Friday let out a surprised woof. He sat up and gave the puppy a bump with his nose.
—Do you think she might be paper-trained, Maddie?
—Do we even have a newspaper— oh, you put some down already.
Jim went back to searching beneath the sink a second time and came up with more paper. He opened it and spread it by the door. No sooner had he accomplished that than the puppy, bored that she couldn’t get a rise out of the big dog, went in search of other things. She wandered over to investigate the bowl of water. She sniffed. Licked at it. Finally she slurped and splashed and took her fill before making a beeline for the newspaper on the floor.
The puppy squatted and did her business under Jim’s watchful eye.
—Good girl. Good girl. Look, Maddie. She piddled.
He looked over at Maddie and beamed.
—Piddled?
Maddie raised an eyebrow. She had never heard the expression.
—Well, It’s not like you trained her or anything. Thank her owner for that bit of good piddle fortune.
Watered and relieved, the puppy’s eyes wandered back to Friday. He was still on the floor blocking the door. She tell go a high-pitched puppy bark. Friday perked up instantly. He cocked an ear. His tail halted mid-swish. She scampered over to Friday, picking up her pace in an attempt to jump on top of him. She slid off, tried again, and tipped over onto her back.
Friday nudged the dog and pushed her back into the kitchen. She scampered towards the black dog again. Friday’s tail twitched nervously. She gravitated towards it like a magnet. Her tiny mouth opened and sharp, pointy teeth clamped down. Annoyed, Friday growled a warning and shoved a rear foot at the dog in an attempt to unlock her teeth. The move succeeded, and she gave up and made for Friday’s foot instead.
—You’ve got your paws full now, Friday. I’m betting that in ten minutes, you’re going to need a well-deserved nap.
The puppy gave up and scampered back to her water bowl. She lapped at it, and, spying the food bowl, left up the water and made for the food. She dug in and crunched down before giving up.
—I thought so. I’ll add a little water and mix it up for you, puppy.
The dog’s eyes were on Jim as he bent to retrieve the bowl. He ran a bit of warm water into it and mixed the concoction with a spoon. When he was satisfied with the consistency, he placed it beside the puppy’s water bowl.
The little dog barked and bent over the bowl. She had no intention of turning up her nose this time. She was too busy devouring the contents and licking up what was left. She looked up at Jim and barked again. Maddie grinned at the man.
—I think she’s thanking you.
Jim got down on the floor. The puppy was only too happy to have a playmate. She jumped and growled and barked and whined and nipped and scratched. Jealous Friday came over to see what the fuss was about and got into the game, too. Before long, both dogs were climbing over Jim like he was a new toy.
—Ouch. Her little teeth are sharp.
—Who’s going to need a nap now, detective? I’m going downstairs to make some flyers.
—Do you have a picture?
—I think so. If not, I’ll be back in a minute.
Maddie made for the door. The puppy deserted Jim and Friday and scampered after her. Friday barked and chased after the curious puppy. He caught up just as she was about to take a first tentative step down the stairs. He latched onto the scruff of her neck and hauled her back into the apartment. He relaxed his grip and set her down in front of Jim.
—Good boy, Friday. We don’t want to lose our first puppy rescue by letting her tumble down the stairs.
Friday snorted and pranced around the pair. His tail swept empty air. The puppy jumped and and made a grab for it.
—Come on, you two. It’s nap time.
Jim made for the bedroom. The ball of fur scrambled after him. Friday knew better. He wasn’t allowed to be up on the bed. He kept a wary eye on the door and an ear cocked for Maddie’s approach. He didn’t want to end up getting scolded in front of his new friend.
Jim patted the bed and the puppy tried to jump up. Her legs were too short. He helped her up and the pair stretched out. Friday, feeling left out and just a bit jealous, jumped up on the bed. He didn’t lie down right away. He cocked an ear and listened.
—Never mind Maddie, Friday. She’s busy making flyers. It’s nap time for everyone.
Friday wheezed and lay down. The puppy scrambled over Friday to come between Jim and the dog. She ended up cozy and warm between them. Friday gave up listening for his mistress and dozed off beside his new friend.




FIVE


MADDIE LEFT THE COPIER to turn out a couple of dozen color flyers while she went upstairs to check on things. It wasn’t good to leave a couple of males in charge when the only female was a mere puppy. The water bowl was full. The feed bowl was empty. Jim had put down fresh paper. All seemed to be running smooth as clockwork.
The kitchen was quiet. She moved on to the living room. It was empty, too. She called out to the empty rooms.
—Jim? Friday?
There was no answer. That in itself was strange. Surely the puppy would have come for her. Her voice was new to the pipsqueak. She should be coming to investigate.
—What trouble are those three getting into?
She went down the hallway and stuck her head into the bedroom. Her eyes locked on to the man and two dogs fast asleep in bed.
—It looks like Friday isn’t the only one needing a nap. Friday? What are you doing on the bed?
Friday pretended not to hear his mistress. He snuffled and snorted and ignored her. He knew better than to pay attention. If he did, he knew he would be shooed into his own bed. He stretched out and sighed a mighty sigh. A foreleg went over the puppy, meant to hold her down in case she woke up.
A weight sagged the mattress. Friday managed to open one eye. His mistress was joining them on the bed.
—Friday. I saw that. You’re awake, you devil.
He’d been caught, and he knew it. He struggled to sit up. A hang-dog expression took over his face and he sighed, resigned to be booted from the bed and his friend.
—Stay where you are. I’m going to join you.
Friday snuffled and settled back on the bed. Content, he closed his eyes and nuzzled the little ball of fur asleep in front of him.


Holly Franklin was beside herself, filled with fear and dread that she would never see her dog again. She wandered aimlessly now, up and down streets. Into back alleys. She searched driveways and parking lots. Bella’s little ice cream bowl remained clutched in her hands. She called to the dog again and again. There was no answer. No one offered to help. She didn’t know how long she’d been looking for her puppy. Her voice was beginning to grow hoarse.
Resigned to going home empty-handed, frustrated, frightened and scared, she sat down in the shade of a stairway. It was an instant relief from the hot sun. She checked the bowl of ice cream she had so lovingly chose for her puppy. It was melted. She broke out with renewed sobs. Nothing was going right. She would never see little Bella again.
She brought up her feet and wrapped her arms around her shins. She leaned against the side of the stairway and thought about when she first laid eyes on the pound puppy. She had offered her fingers and the puppy had run up to the cage and stuck her nose though to lick her hand. She had giggled, and the dog answered with a puppy bark. It had been love at first sight for both.
Of course she wasn’t allowed to take the puppy home right off. She was too young. Instead, with her mother’s remissions, she had started to come to the pound after class. She helped clean the dog’s cage and watered her and took her for play time in the huge compound outside. Together they chased balls and sticks and each other to exhaustion.
Holly had even started attending obedience classes while she waited to bring little Bella home. She mimicked the adults with their dogs and trailed along behind, pretending to hand treats when the other dogs did good. She learned the hand signals and the voice commands and committed them to memory for when her dog would be in class with her.
She snuffled and wiped her nose with the bandana tucked in her pocket. She remembered it had been a gift from another dog owner and she had wanted to tie it onto Bella today. She’d forgotten, and tucked it into the pocked of her jeans instead. It was too late now. Little Bella would never see the bandana.


Jim opened one eye. A strange little dog with a scratchy tongue was licking his face. Friday was fast asleep on the bed. Maddie lay stretched out beside Friday.
—Well would you look at that. I should have a camera because she’ll deny this for the rest of her life.
He eased out of bed and went for his phone, managing two good shots before Friday nudged his mistress awake. He put the camera on the night table and made for the kitchen. A ball of fur struggled to jump off the bed. She succeeded and scampered after him. She made for the water bowl, slurped up a drink, and then went for the newspaper.
—Good girl. I think I’m going to call you Allie.
Maddie came into the kitchen behind Jim.
—Alley? What kind of a name is that for a dog?
—What kind of name is a day of the week?
—I’ll have you know that Friday was discovered on a Friday.
—Well, I’m not naming this one Wednesday.
—You can’t name her at all. She’s not your dog.
—Not yet, she isn’t. When no one reports her lost, I’ll claim her.
—Yes, well, we’d better get those posters out first before you can claim her for your very own.
—You don’t want me to have a dog, do you? Are you jealous for Friday?
She ignored him and called to Friday, still fast asleep in the bedroom.
—You’re spoiling your dog.
—What do you mean?
—He’s sleeping on the bed.
—He is not.
—Yes he is.
—I didn’t see him. Come on, Friday. It’s time to go for a car ride.
In the bedroom, Friday wheezed and jumped down from the bed. He made his way to the kitchen, hanging his head the entire time. He’d been caught out by his mistress and he knew she wouldn’t be happy.




SIX


JIM OPENED THE DOOR to the hall closet and began rummaging.
—What are you looking for?
—A collar. I can’t find one small enough.
—Use Friday’s old chain. It’ll do until we can get a proper collar for her.
Maddie came up with the short leash and hooked it to the collar. Friday watched the dog for a reaction. None came. Obviously his new friend was leash-trained.
—Someone has spent time with this dog, Jim. Look. She’s used to the leash.
The puppy sat down beside Jim and waited. Friday pranced around the threesome, wagging his tail and snorting.
—Even Friday can tell.
Jim picked up the dog and carried her down the two flights of stairs. He set her down at the bottom and waited for Maddie and Friday to catch up. Maddie held out a poster.
—What do you think of my handiwork?
—I think I should draw a mustache so no one will recognize her.
Maddie rolled her eyes.
—Come, Friday. Car ride.
The puppy didn’t move. She remained seated at Jim’s feet.
—Come, puppy. Car ride.
She looked up at Jim and continued to wait.
—Hmm. Let’s try this. Heel.
He made for the car and the puppy followed.
—Good girl. You drive, Maddie. Don’t put the top down. I don’t want the little ball of fur to blow away.
Friday jumped into the back. Jim climbed into the passenger seat carrying the dog. Immediately she was nose to nose over the back of the seat with Friday. No one noticed the little girl sobbing her eyes out in the stairwell across the street.
—Where are we off to?
—I’m going to drive around to look for anyone who might be out searching for their dog. Keep an eye peeled.
Jim gathered the dog in his arms and whispered.
—Did you hear that, Allie? She wants to give you away.
Friday chose that instant to stick his cold nose against Maddie’s warm neck. Usually, he did that to Jim, but Jim wasn’t driving today. The puppy witnessed Friday’s antics and struggled out of Jim’s arms. She put her front feet on the seatback and nosed Friday, seeking his attention. The pair remained that way as Maddie drove up and down streets.
—There’s nobody looking for a dog. Not man nor woman nor child. Let’s go home.
—You can’t keep someone else’s dog, Jim. Friday and I won’t have it.
—Did you hear that, Allie? A woman who stole a dog at an interstate rest area won’t let me keep a found dog in a city. What’s the dif?
Allie barked and returned to Jim’s lap. Jim looked across at Maddie and smirked. She frowned and ignored him as she pulled into the parking spot in front of their office.
—All right. Chinese fire drill, everyone. We’re home.
Humans and dogs exited the car. Allie raised her head and tested the air with her nose. She sniffed once, twice, and then tugged against her leash. She made it to the curb before the short leash ran out. She looked across the street. Jim followed the dog’s gaze with his own.
—What is it, girl? What do you smell?


Holly struggled to stand up in the doorway. Searching for her dog had exhausted her, both physically and mentally. Every muscle in her young body ached. Her feet hurt. Her tired mind worked overtime trying to figure out where her puppy had disappeared to.
—I’ll never desert you, Bella. I’ll find you. If only I had put your collar on and brought the leash.
She sniffled and sobbed again, knowing that it was all her fault that her dog had gone missing. Little Bella was only a puppy, after all. She didn’t know any better. If only she hadn’t set her on the floor at the ice cream place— but it was too late for that now. She called out for her dog.
—Bella. Here Bella. Bel-l-l-a.
She turned left, and walked the block, calling for Bella. Suddenly, she halted and looked around. The street was familiar. She walked to the end of the block and waited for a light. She crossed and walked the street in the opposite direction. It was definitely familiar.
She was exhausted. She hadn’t eaten. She was weak from crying her eyes out. Holly wiped at her eyes and looked across the street. She wasn’t quite sure. She looked down at the ice cream in the paper bowl cradled in her hands. It was melted. Most had disappeared onto her sticky hands. She had no idea how long she had been looking for Bella.
She needed to cross the street. She waited for a lull in traffic. She knew she should walk to the intersection and the light. She was too tired. She called out Bella’s name one more time.




SEVEN


JIM PUT ALLIE DOWN in the lobby and waited. She managed to climb a single step before halting. She looked back at Friday and wuffed. Friday returned the puppy’s bark and approached. He used his snout to nudge her up a single step and waited. When she placed her front feet up on the next one, he repeated the procedure. Jim waited patiently for a couple more before picking up the puppy and carrying her the rest of the way. He put her down in the apartment and waited for the rest of the crew. When everyone was in, he shut the door.
—I don’t want a repeat of her falling down the steps.
—Yes, mother hen. I think you newfound friend is thirsty.
Allie was whimpering and hovering over her empty water bowl.
—All right. Don’t panic. Water is on the way.
Jim ran cold water into the bowl before returning it to the floor. Allie dove in and licked and slurped until it was almost empty again.
—Well, you’re a bit of a drinker, aren’t you, girl?
She finished and made for the newspaper and squatted.
—Look, Maddie. She’s going to piddle on the paper again. Good girl, Allie.
Friday pranced around with his tail held high, almost as though he was the one responsible for her training. Before he knew it, the puppy was making her way to his bed. She sniffed. Nudged it with a wet nose. Pawed it. Climbed on and circled. Finally settled on her side and stretched out. She took up almost the entire bed. There was no room for another dog as large as Friday.
Friday looked up at his mistress, as if to say, Why is this strange dog sleeping in my bed?
—Don’t be looking my way, dog. It’s Jim you need to worry about now. He has a new bestie and she just claimed your bed for her very own.
Friday didn’t know what to make of it. He sidled up to Jim and looked up, then he moved to Maddie’s side, nudged her, and did the same.
—There’s room for you in your bed. Take a look. She left room for you.
A doubtful Friday slow-walked to his bed. He sniffed as he nosed over it, being careful not to disturb the sleeping puppy. Finally he stretched out on the floor. His head settled on the edge of his bed. He was careful to make sure he didn’t disturb the sleeping dog.
—She’s giving old Friday a run for his money, isn’t she?
—She’s a little devil, just like Friday was. He was a lot older when I found him, though. Even so, they’re two peas from the same pod. Look at the pair of them. Fast asleep and doggie ice cream wouldn’t melt in their mouths.
Friday must have overheard. He sighed but he remained where he was, fast asleep with his new friend.
—I’m going back down to the office. I want to look over the posters.
Friday stirred at the sound of Maddie’s voice and cocked an ear. The door to the apartment closed softly. He opened an eye and checked for Jim. He was still at the kitchen table, but he was in the process of pushing back the chair. Friday’s eyes followed him down the hall to the bedroom.
With Maddie gone and out of hearing, he nudged the puppy soundly sleeping on his bed. She didn’t budge. He nudged her again, harder this time. She complained but didn’t budge. Friday stood up and swiped at her with a foot. She opened her eyes and got up.
Friday made it partway across the kitchen, halted, and looked back. The puppy was still sitting in his bed. She yawned and settled back down. Friday woofed. She took another look and made for Friday. He scampered off down the hall. The puppy was close on his heels. The puppy slipped past him and scampered into the bedroom. Friday waited patiently.
Allie climbed up on the bed with her forelegs resting on the mattress. She couldn’t make it all the way. Friday nudged her up with his snout heathen jumped up as well. The pair settled on the bed beside Jim. Two loud sighs went unheard.


Maddie closed the door to the office and settled into her chair. She wasn’t happy with the picture she had of the puppy. She wanted a better one for the poster. She paged through several on her phone and settled on one that showed the puppy to her best advantage. Surely anyone seeing the picture would recognize the dog immediately.
She sent the image off to her laptop and called up the Affinity photo editing software. In minutes she had a poster even better than the first one she tried. She sent it off to the printer and waited.
A noise distracted her, perhaps someone entering the downstairs lobby. She listened and heard nothing further. Her attention returned to the copier. She cleared a jam and pressed Start again. It hummed away, printing the color posters.


Horns honked. Tires Squealed. Cars stopped. Holly looked both ways and then made her way across in the middle of the block. She reached the other side and approached the building. She grabbed the door handle and tugged with all her remaining strength. She barely managed to get the heavy door open.
The little girl was so exhausted by the effort it was all she could do to collapse on the bottom step. She leaned against the wall, placed her empty bowl beside her on the step, and closed her eyes. She called out, her voice faint with exhaustion.
—Friday.
It took all the strength she had left.
—Uncle Jim.
No one answered. Silent tears streamed down her face, leaving streaks in the accumulated dust and grime from searching streets and alleys. She knew little Bella was gone forever. She couldn’t even sob. She had no strength left to do it. Climbing the stairs would be impossible.


Maddie opened the office door and listened. She thought she heard someone coming in, but there was no sound of steps on the stairs. She left the door open and went back to the copier to collect the posters. With the copier quieted, she heard a voice calling for Jim. She stuck her head out the door and looked downstairs.
Without a moment’s thinking she headed up the stairs to corral Jim. She discovered the three of them in bed, fast asleep. Friday was first to wake. He stood up with a guilty look on his face and scampered out of the bedroom. His movement disturbed the puppy. She trailed after the big dog. The pair ended up back in Friday’s bed in the kitchen.
—Jim. There’s a little girl downstairs looking for you. You better go see what she wants.
—Anya?
She rolled her eyes.
—Anya isn’t a little girl any more, in case you haven’t noticed.
—Well who is it? What does she want?
Exasperated, Maddie chided him.
—I have no idea, but she’s def calling your name. Maybe you should go down and see what she wants.




EIGHT


JIM SIGHED AND GOT UP. Reluctantly, he made his way to the third-floor landing in time to hear the plaintive cry.
—Friday. Uncle Jim. Fri-i-i-day.
Friday recognized the familiar voice. His ears perked up immediately. He scampered past Jim through the open door to the top of the stairs. The puppy trailed behind him by a couple of steps. Friday skidded to a halt. The puppy ran past and was about to slide down the stairs.
Friday barked a warning. Before the puppy could tumble down the steps, Friday grabbed her by the scruff of the neck and hauled her back. He took her into the apartment. Jim closed the door and made for downstairs.
—Holly? Is that you?
Little Holly managed to draw a breath and sniffle.
—Y-y-yes. It’s m-m-me.
—What’s wrong? What is it? Are you all right?
Holly was too exhausted by her search for the dog to look up at Jim. Shaking and shivering took over her little body.
—I was at the ice cream place. I had to pay. I put her down just for a second.
Finally she was able to look up at Jim. He looked down at the girl’s freckled face covered in dust and streaked from tears.
—I’ll never find her. She ran off.
—Who ran off?
—My dog. I lost my dog. I can’t find her. I lost Bella. I lost her.
Jim didn’t need to be a detective to know right off that Holly was talking about the puppy Friday had found.
—I think you better come with me. Friday has something that belongs to you.
Holly tried to stand up. She couldn’t.
—Friday has something for me? What do you mean? He didn’t know I was coming.
She stopped sniffling and looked up the stairs. Jim picked Holly up and carried her to the top. He halted at the office door.
—You better come and see this, Maddie.
Holly could barely speak.
—Hi Aunt Maddie. I lost my dog. I lost Bella.
Maddie met Jim’s eyes.
—A case we can solve with a minimum of effort. Carry on, detective. This is one for the books.
Maddie caught the look of disappointment briefly cross Jim’s face and then it was gone in that same instant. She knew he had been developing quite a crush on little Allie, now known as Bella.
Jim set Holly down and opened the door to the apartment. Friday was waiting. He spied Holly and circled her in a flurry of feet and nudges with a cold, wet nose. Holly giggled.
—Friday. Uncle Jim, can Friday come and help me find Bella?
Friday’s snuffling welcome directed at Holly drowned out Bella’s high-pitched bark of recognition. Bella scampered between the big dog’s legs and flung herself at Holly.
—Bella. Friday. You found my Bella.
Holly collapsed on the floor, happily surrounded by dogs licking and nudging and woofing their long-lost welcomes. Maddie was the last to enter the fray. She stepped over the three on the floor and regarded Jim.
—Are you disappointed? You have quite a crush on little Bella for a grown man.
—Maybe just a little. But I’d be disappointed a lot more if Holly never found Bella. Look at the two of them. It’s like old home week.
Two dogs scampered around Holly. They couldn’t get enough of her. To be fair, Holly couldn’t get enough of Bella and Friday, either.
—Good girl, Bella. Good boy, Friday. You found my Bella.
—Holly. Does your mother know where you are?
Holly looked up at Maddie.
—No. I should call her.
—I’ll call her. She’ll be worried about you. But first you need to come with me.
—Can Bella and Friday come too?
—Of course they can.
Holly called to her dog. She came immediately. Friday scampered after the pair, not wanting to be left out. Maddie led the convoy to the bathroom. Holly looked in the mirror.
—I’m a mess. Mom is going to be mad at me.
—I think you’ll be all right after I talk to her. But you better jump in the shower. Peel off those clothes and I’ll do a quick wash and dry. In the meantime, I’ll find something for you to wear while we wait, all right?
—Can Bella stay with me? I’m so happy Friday found her.
—Of course she can stay with you. I think she’s pretty happy you found her, too, wouldn’t you say?
Little Bella was busy licking and nosing her young mistress while Holly petted her.
—Can Friday stay too?
—You bet. Now let me find something for you to wear before you jump in the shower.
Maddie passed in an extra-long t-shirt and a robe and closed the door before going in search of her phone.
—I’ll call Holly’s mom. Do you think you could make our girl something to eat?
—Already on it.
Jim had bacon cooking and was rummaging in the fridge.
—Do you think she’d like a Nash world-famous grilled cheese?
—I’d think she’d like anything right about now. I’m sure Friday and Bella could use a little snack, too.
—Is that your way of telling me you want a famous grilled cheese too?
He didn’t wait for Maddie’s answer.
—I take it that’s a yes. Your wish is my command. Carry on with Holly’s mom.
Jim busied himself over the stove. Maddie got on the phone to Holly’s mom to let her know the girl had made her way to their place. She didn’t mention that Holly’s dog had been lost and then found.
When the water in the bathroom stopped running, Jim put the bread in the pan, topped it with cheese, chopped bacon, and tomato bits he had already patted dry. He set aside a little of the bacon for Bella and Friday. Holly called out from the hallway.
—Something smells good, Uncle Jim.
Holly and the dogs made their way to the kitchen. The little girl looked a lot better now that she was washed and dried. Happy Bella trailed after her, and Friday, tail held high, pranced at the rear.
—I explained everything to your mom. She’s going to let us bring you home after everyone is fed and watered.
Jim pulled out a chair and Holly climbed on. Bella settled in beside her and nudged her leg.
—Bella.
The dog looked up at her, sensing she was about to get a scolding.
—You know you’re not supposed to be at the table when we eat.
Disappointed, Bella wandered off to join Friday on his bed. The big dog scrunched up and made room. Jim didn’t know what to do. He had prepared extra bacon for the dogs, even though Maddie didn’t like it when he fed Friday his bacon bits from the table. He knew better, too.
He waited patiently. He knew it wouldn’t be long before Friday pulled a fast one and sneaked from his bed to the table.




NINE


FRIDAY KEPT A WATCHFUL EYE PEELED in Maddie’s direction. He needed to carefully time his escape. It wouldn’t be his first time sneaking up on Jim. He eased off his bed, making not a sound. He got down on his stomach. He cast a wary eye in Maddie’s direction. She didn’t allow him to beg for treats at the table. In fact, he wasn’t allowed to be at the table when the humans ate their food.
Convinced that Maddie hadn’t noticed, Friday began to wriggle his way towards Jim and the kitchen table. His backside got about three feet from his bed and he remembered his manners. He paused, looked behind to check on the puppy’s whereabouts, and waited. Reluctantly, Bella returned the gaze. She wasn’t sure what the big dog was up to, but it looked like trouble and she was having none of it.
Friday changed his mind mid-sneak and turned around to make his way to his bed. He nudged Bella onto the floor where she remained on her tummy, as though frozen in place. Friday nudged her again, and wriggled his way to her side. Convinced, Bella, accompanied by Friday, wriggled her way to the table. It took forever.
Maddie was barely able to contain her laughter watching the pair of ne’er-do-wells.
—What is it, Aunt Maddie?
She managed to tear her gaze away from the dogs and their antics.
—Oh nothing, Holly. I was just thinking.
Beneath the table, she nudged Jim. He gave the dogs side-eye and carried on eating, barely able to contain a grin. Meanwhile, teacher and student continued their surreptitious crawl to the table. Bella followed Friday’s lead and halted at Jim’s feet. Friday sat up. Bella stayed on her tummy, unsure of what to do. She was completely unfamiliar with this mode of travel.
Friday got down beside her and gave her a nudge before sitting up again. Bella got up and plopped down beside the big dog. She continued to wait for his guidance. Friday nudged Jim’s leg with his nose to let the man know he was there.
Bella didn’t know what to do. She nudged Friday, who looked down at her. He nosed Jim’s leg one more time and managed another look at Bella. The puppy stuck her nose into Jim’s leg and pulled back, mimicking Friday’s antics.
A hand appeared beneath the table. Friday licked at the fingers and smacked his lips. The hand disappeared, only to reappear a second time. Bella looked at it, cocked her head, and waited. Friday nosed her until she opened her mouth. She closed it on a finger.
—Ouch.
—Is your sandwich too hot, Uncle Jim? Did you burn your mouth?
Holly cast a worried glance in his direction.
—Yes. It’s much too hot.
Friday nudged Jim’s leg again, as did Bella. Friday was an excellent teacher. The puppy caught on fast. It was all Jim could do as he barely kept up with the requests for bacon treats. Finally, he ran out. He rubbed his fingers and Friday turned away and went down on his stomach. Bella, unfamiliar with the move, closed sharp teeth on Jim’s fingers. He shook his hand.
—Ouch.
Friday nosed Bella’s bottom and the puppy wriggled after him back to his bed in the corner.
—That was really good, Uncle Jim. I wish Friday and Bella could have some.
Maddie’s huge grin almost caused Jim to break into laughter.
—Oh, no, Holly. Cheese isn’t good for dogs.
Holly pushed her chair back. She ran water in the sink and filled both dog bowls with fresh water. She set them down, and got down on the floor with Bella and Friday.
—What’s that, Bella? There’s something caught on your whiksers.
She leaned over to check Friday.
—Friday has it too. What is it?
Friday’s tongue slipped out and licked the offending bacon from his jowls. Little Bella, unfamiliar with the move, wasn’t quite so fast to follow suit.
—It’s bacon. Uncle Jim? Why is there bacon on Bella’s mouth? Friday had some too but it’s gone now. I think he’s hiding it.
It was too much. Jim and Maddie burst into laughter. Holly’s look of wonderment turned to one of understanding as she finally realized she had been fooled by Jim and the dogs.
—Uncle Jim, you are a bad boy. No more bacon bits for you.
Holly laughed too as Bella and Friday scrambled over Holly’s legs and pretended they didn’t hear her.
—Maddie doesn’t allow Friday to have table scraps either, Holly, so you’re in good company. Sometimes I spoil him when she isn’t paying attention. He pretty much has the routine all figured out. He gets down on his tummy and crawls and wriggles over to the table. When he gets there, he gives me a nudge and I hand off a little taste of bacon. Then he sneaks back, and we think we’ve outsmarted his mistress.
—Did you know, Aunt Maddie?
—I had a sneaking suspicion, but it’s hard to prove. I think you’d make a good detective. You found the little devils out all on your own.
—It’s okay. I don’t mind. Friday found Bella for me. He can have bacon bits if he wants. Bella can too.
Jim cleared the table while Maddie ran water in the sink.
—Would you like to take Friday and Bella for a walk while we clean up? We have a collar and leash you can borrow.
—Bella needs to go. That’s why she’s by the door.
Holly had worked hard to train Bella, and she was proud of what she had accomplished.
—She makes a mistake sometimes, but that’s okay. She’s learning.
Maddie led Holly to a window.
—There’s a little patch of grass about a block away on the right. Look out the window and you can see it from here. Bags are in the cupboard.
Holly picked Bella up and was about to carry her down the stairs. She halted at the top and looked down. It was a long way. Friday halted beside the girl.
—Uncle Jim? I think you better carry Bella for me.
Jim rose to the task and welcomed Bella into his arms. The puppy snuggled into his familiar grip. Her wet nose scraped the unfamiliar stubble on his face. She tested his cheek with her tongue and pulled back with a whimper.
—Uncle Jim, Bella doesn’t like your whiksers.
Maddie gave Jim the look and addressed Holly.
—I don’t like it when Jim grows whiksers either. I’m going to call your mom and let her know we’re on the way when you get back with the dogs.
—All right, Auntie. Uncle Jim is going to have to meet us downstairs. I don’t think I can carry Bella up all those steps, either.
While Holly was out with the dogs, Jim hurried into the bathroom. When he came out, his face was clean-shaven.
—That ought to do it.
Maddie shook her head.
—If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were getting ready to go on a hot date.
Jim’s face turned a bright red. He’d been caught out.
—Well I don’t want Bella to scrape her tongue raw on my face.
—Yeah, I don’t think so. You’re still disappointed that you’re not going to get to keep the little yellow ball of fur all to yourself.
—Maybe. Now let’s get downstairs. It’s time we got Bella and Holly home.




TEN


JIM HERDED EVERYONE INTO THE CAR and drove them across town to Holly’s. A concerned mom waiting patiently on the front steps greeted them. She smiled and waved and gave her daughter a hug. Bella jumped up and received a pat and a scratch for her efforts.
—Would you like to come in?
Maddie got out and went into a huddle with Holly’s mom before getting back in the car.
—What did you two work out?
—We’re bringing Friday back on Sunday afternoon for a play date. Holly is going to be so excited when Friday shows up. Bella will be too.
—You are such a softie, Maddie. What did you arrange?
—Apparently Holly has a garage full of equipment she uses to train Bella. She sets it up and takes it down all by herself. I thought you might help her on Sunday.
—Me? What about you?
—Well, you’re the one that’s going to be all pouty when you miss little Bella back at the apartment.
Maddie was right. Jim didn’t say anything.


Jim wasn’t the only one who missed little Bella. Friday scampered up the stairs and waited anxiously for the couple to open the apartment door. He was first to scramble in, running from room to room with nose lowered. He sniffed and snorted and, disappointed, plopped down beside Jim.
—Our new bestie has deserted us, Friday. There’s nothing we can do but pine away for our missing girl.
Maddie grabbed her purse from the counter.
—I’ll be right back. I’m going to get bandannas.
—In that case I’ll take Friday for a walk. We both need the air.
—Hoping to find another puppy, are you?
Friday’s ears perked up at the puppy reference. So did Jim’s.
—Maybe. Weren’t you going to pick up bandannas?
Jim attached the leash and he and Friday made their way around a couple of blocks before giving up and heading back to the building. They settled in the office, Jim with his feet up on the desk and Friday curled up in his bed. A warm sunbeam streamed through the office window, shining down on dozing man and dog.
Maddie returned a half-hour later, in time to witness the boys in their sunbeam. She shook her head and carried on upstairs to gift-wrap the bandannas.
Friday was the first to stir from the sunbeam. It was getting close to supper time, and his stomach was growling. He was feeling more than a little hungry after his nap. He deserted Jim in the office and headed upstairs to see if he could convince Maddie to fix his meal, or maybe at the very least, a snack treat.
Jim too was disturbed by his dry mouth and growling stomach. He checked for Friday and discovered he had already deserted the ship. He climbed the stairs hoping Maddie might be cooking something.
Man and dog were disappointed to discover Maddie at the kitchen table, wrapping boxes.
—Are we going to order out tonight? I need to feed Friday if we are.
Friday perked up his ears when he recognized that he might indeed get something to eat. He sat down and allowed his tail to sweep the floor. Jim called to him.
—Come on, faithful dog. Dinnertime.
He dug beneath the counter for Friday’s food and filled a scoop. He dropped it into his dish with a bit of canned leftovers and put a bit of warm water in for good measure. He stirred the concoction and deposited it on Friday’s mat.
I guess we don’t need the piddle-paper any more.
Maddie couldn’t resist the dig.
—No, we don’t. Both you and Friday are trained to piddle properly.
Jim looked insulted.
—Are you implying that Bella wasn’t trained to go outside? Don’t forget that she had never been so far upstairs and away from the green grass of home, dear. How’s the wrapping coming along?
—All done. Let’s order and go pick up.




ELEVEN


FRIDAY SENSED JIM WAS NERVOUS and on edge. In between stops at the counter and the table, the man paced back and forth. The water ran to fill his bowl, but Jim didn’t return it to the floor. The man picked up his feed bowl, but it didn’t show up, either. Friday woofed his discontent once and that seemed to snap the man out of it. He ended up with his water and food, and he was happy. There were no bacon bits, though.
The dog finished eating and retired to his bed where he sat and watched the proceedings with head tilted quizzically. This was not like the man he knew. Friday kept an ear tuned for his mistress, waiting patiently for her to appear. Perhaps she would be able to help the man relax.
Friday followed Jim into the living room, where he took up his usual position at the man’s feet. Normally, Jim would reach down and give him a pat. Sometimes, the man would rub his tummy with a foot. Not this time. Friday nudged Jim’s ankle, but the man ignored his entreaty for attention.
Maddie’s voice caused Friday to scamper to the kitchen, where he greeted his mistress with nudges and licks.
—What is it, Friday? Are you sulking with Jim because your little friend Bella has deserted us?
Jim called out from the living room.
—I am not sulking. I’m merely contemplating life.
—Uh-huh. Some would believe you.
She brought a shopping bag into the living room and sat down with Jim.
—Take a look at these. I bought them for Holly and Bella.
The familiar sound of his little friend’s name brought Friday into the living room too. He sat at Maddie’s feet. Perhaps he would get her attention.
—Oh you two. You have been pining away for Bella. A grown man and an old dog. You both should be ashamed.
—We are not pining away for Bella, are we, Friday?
Friday wasn’t sure what he meant. He recognized Bella’s name again, so the dog whimpered.
—That’s exactly how I feel, Friday. You’re in good company.
Jim opened the bag.
—What do we have? Blue. Red. Green. Purple. Ohhh and some fancy ones, too. Look, Friday. Holly and Bella will like these.
Friday snorted.
—You’ll get one, dog. Don’t be an old fuddy-duddy.
Jim looked across at Maddie.
—You picked up one for Friday, right?
Maddie rolled her eyes.
—I picked up enough for everyone. Even grouchy old Jim and Friday.
With Jim and Friday down in the dumps over Bella, Maddie was left to cheer the boys up.
—Did you forget we’re going back to Holly’s for a play date? Are the pair of you going senile on me?
Jim feigned disinterest. Friday snuffled.
—When was it again? I forget.
—I’ll leave the both of you at home if you keep the bad attitude up, fellas. Now shape up or I’ll be going alone to cheer on Bella.
Jim’s ears perked up. So did Friday’s when he heard Bella mentioned.
—What do you mean, cheer her on? What’s going on?
—Nothing you two need to know. But we’ll need a cooler for the i-c-e c-r-e-a-m.
Maddie spelled the words so Friday wouldn’t get antsy for ice cream.
—Ice—
She held up a hand, silencing Jim.
—Not a word. You-know-who will be begging to go for you-know-what.
Friday wasn’t sure he shouldn’t be paying attention, but he didn’t recognize any of the words, so he gave up and strolled to his bed for a lay-down. Jim took an instant liking to the idea.
—Good boy, Friday. Let’s go for a snooze.
Dog followed man as he stretched out on the sofa. Friday settled on the floor within arm distance, and Jim reached down for a scratch.
Maddie retreated to the office and called Holly’s mom. She wanted to know what Holly and Bella had planned for Sunday. When she hung up, she had a list that covered an entire sheet of paper.
—Oh dear, where do I start?
She called up the stairs to Jim. Friday, ever keeping an ear cocked to his mistress’ voice, nudged Jim with a cold nose. If he couldn’t sleep, Jim wouldn’t either.


Jim studied the list Maddie had prepared after talking to Holly’s mom.
—Now remember, James. This is top secret. Even Holly’s mom doesn’t know the full story. And Holly doesn’t know we’re bringing Friday over. It’s a surprise.
—What’s all this on the list then?
—Holly has the back yard outfitted for her dog and training and all kinds of things. I think we should get her something, but I don’t know what at this point.
—We have the bandannas.
He hoped that comment would be enough to get him back on the sofa with Friday.
—No, silly. We need to think of something to help her with training Bella.
Friday, stretched out and relaxed on his tummy at the top of the stairs, heard a familiar name and woofed.
—Oh for crying out loud. Are there no secrets in this place? Let’s go shopping. Come, Friday.
Friday wheezed and stood up. So much for the nap he wanted to take.
—I feel your pain, Friday.
Friday suspected something was up. He took up a position at Jim’s feet and waited patiently. 




TWELVE


MADDIE CRAMMED JIM AND FRIDAY into the crowded Packard for the drive to Holly’s. There was barely room with all the boxes and bags she had collected for Holly and Bella.
—You’d think we were going on a week-long camping expedition, not a visit to a friend in the city.
Just because he could, Friday stuck his wet nose against the side of Jim’s neck. He usually did it from the back seat, but he wasn’t allowed back there for this trip. There was no room, anyway.
—Friday. Bad dog. You’re just like Zelda.
At the mention of the familiar name, he did it again and Jim laughed. He always laughed at Friday’s antics in the car.
—What’s in all those bags and boxes? What have you got planned for Holly?
—That’s for me to know and for you and Friday to find out. Now head over to the i-c-e c-r-e-a-m place.
She made sure to spell it out.
—We’re bringing treats for Holly and little Bella.
—All that is for Holly and Bella?
—Well, maybe not all. We’ll wait and see if she needs anything first. We’re not a charity.
—Did you bring the bandannas?
Jim thought those were the important things.
—Of course I did. Now stop pining away for Bella and let’s get going.
—I am not pining for little Bella.
—Yes, you are. I’m a woman and I can tell those things about you and Friday.
—So now you’re dragging Friday into it, too.
—Of course. Without Friday, we wouldn’t have Bella.
Jim couldn’t argue that. Friday had been the one who discovered the little dog, after all.


Jim pulled into Sandy Franklin’s driveway. The threesome knocked and Sandy opened the door. She held a finger to her lips.
—She’s in the back yard getting it set up for Bella’s training.
Sandy hadn’t told her daughter that company was coming over. An inquisitive Bella skidded to a stop at the door. She recognized Friday and began making a fuss. Friday nudged and head-butted and circled and Bella whined a welcome as the duo pushed past the humans and into the house.
—Well someone is sure glad to see Bella.
Maddie eyed Jim.
—You can say that again.
His grin was huge as Bella detached herself from welcoming Friday and rushed to Jim’s side. She sat and looked up at him. He reached down to ruffle her ears and changed his mind about picking her up. She barked and nudged Maddie and she grinned and did the same just as Jim bent to cradle Bella. Bella’s tongue flicked against Jim’s cheek and didn’t catch. She wriggled against him and he put her back on the floor.
—It looks like it was worth it. I wish I could get you to shave more often.
—Yes dear.
Holly’s contented humming could be heard past the door. Sandy brought Jim and Maddie to the kitchen window. Holly was outside, dragging and carrying and dropping a cardboard box made into a tunnel. She talked to herself as she returned to haul out a single-step climb before heading back for bricks. She stacked them and put down a broomstick for a jump stand. She even had a shallow pool for a water hazard. She muttered while she arranged everything to her plan. She finished and stood back to examine her handiwork before returning to the house. She opened the door and called to Bella.
—It’s time for our walk.
Reluctantly, Bella deserted Friday and ended up scampering out the door to his mistress. Friday moved to run after her.
—Friday. Stay.
Maddie’s stern voice halted him in his tracks. He whimpered and obeyed, but he wasn’t happy about it.
—We can watch from here, Friday. Then we’ll go outside.
Holly attached the leash to Bella. Made her sit at her feet. Commanded her to walk and then heel. Little Holly put little Bella through the paces and ended up back where they started. She handed over what looked to be Bella’s favorite chew toy and the dog happily took it and shook it and heaved it into the air.
—Good girl, Bella.
Holly handed Bella a treat and they sat down together in the shade on the grass where they took a well-earned break. Holly detached the leash and allowed Bella to run free. The puppy busied herself with her chew toy, shaking it and tossing it away and chasing after it. She had forgotten all about Friday.
—From what I can see Holly has done a lot of work with Bella.
Sandy smiled and gestured for them to move into the kitchen and out of sight of the patio door into the back yard.
—You don’t know the half of it. When she found that puppy in the kennel she was so excited. It was love at first sight for both of them. Holly stuck her fingers through the cage and little Bella glommed onto her like she was the last little girl in the world. It took Holly forever to come up with the right name. She couldn’t stop talking about the dog. Finally I asked at the kennel if she could come out on weekends or after school to help take care of the cages and some of the other dogs. They were quick to agree. I guess they don’t get many offers.
Sandy filled the coffee cups and continued.
—Then the kennel called, and I was afraid they were going to tell me that Holly had to stop coming. That she was being a nuisance. I even thought Bella had been adopted by someone else. I worried for nothing. They told me how quick Holly had been to learn and how much she was contributing. I was so relieved. They even went to the trouble of presenting her with a diploma. She was so proud and so pleased when she brought it home to show me.
Sandy got up and parted the curtains to look out the kitchen window.
—I think she’s finished. She is going to be so excited to see you. I didn’t tell her you were coming.




THIRTEEN


SANDY OPENED THE PATIO DOOR and Friday bounded out to reintroduce himself to Bella. The dogs collided and Bella rolled onto her back and squirmed a greeting. Friday nudged her and went down on his tummy. It put him level with the puppy, and she crawled over him, nipping and nosing and huffing and puffing until she was exhausted. She scampered off to the water hazard where Friday joined her in splashing and rolling around until both were soaked.
—Look, mom. Friday is giving Bella a bath.
At the sound of her name, Bella ran across the lawn and halted in front of the chairs occupied by the adults. She shook her head and wiggled her body to dry off. Holly giggled and dropped to her knees to hug her dog.
Friday witnessed the spectacle and wanted to put on his own show. He nudged Bella twice, and she sat down facing Friday’s audience. He got as close as he dared and went through the same shaking routine that his partner in crime had done. This time, water flew everywhere. Jim and Maddie and Sandy and Holly and little Bella were treated to a fresh shower. Impressed, Bella wuffed her approval in her little dog bark.
Satisfied, Friday sat down and looked over his handiwork. His audience was drenched.
—Bad dog, Friday, bad dog.
He woofed and Bella joined in his chorus. She was impressed by her friend’s handiwork. Friday made for the water hazard. Bella ran off to join him. When she hit the water and Friday, she bowled them both over. It took Friday by surprise, and he yipped his disapproval. It didn’t stop Bella from carrying on. She jumped and splashed and thoroughly enjoyed her time with the big dog. When they finished, they scampered back to the adults and shook and wiggled to a dog’s delight.
—Friday is teaching Bella some bad habits, Jim. Your dog is a bad dog.
He looked at Maddie.
—My dog? The last time you said that I asked you to put it in writing and you declined. Have you changed you mind?
Maddie ignored him.
—Holly? I have something for you and Bella.
She reached into her bag and pulled out a yellow duckie. She waved it and called to Friday.
—Come, Friday. Take this to Bella.
Friday bounded up to take the toy. He scampered after little Bella and dropped it in front of her. She looked at him, then down at the toy and back at him. He nosed it towards her. Finally, she pounced on it and ran off like she was stealing it from the big dog. Friday scampered after her, convincing her it was so. She ran around the yard with Friday on the chase.
—Thanks Auntie Maddie. I think Bella likes it. Her chew toy is just about worn out.
Holly called to Bella.
—Come Bella. Sit.
The puppy halted in her tracks, looked over at Holly, and ran to her. She dropped the toy and sat beside the little girl.
—Good dog, Bella. It’s time for your leash.
Holly leashed Bella and stood up. She tucked the new chew toy into her belt on the opposite side so Bella couldn’t see it. It was time to lead Bella off to her home-made obstacle course.
—Let’s go, Bella.
Bella trotted through the familiar course. Holly ran beside her, calling out encouragement and Good dog and Good girl the entire time. Half-way through the course, girl and dog halted and Holly patted Bella and gave her a treat. She pulled the chew toy out of her belt and Bella jumped up to steal it from her. Holly let her catch it and Bella headed off to enjoy her new toy.
Friday was anxious to rush off to join his new friend. She was having all the fun. He whined and jumped and fussed until Maddie called for him to sit. He settled down beside her and quieted instantly.
—Good boy. Bella needs the play break from her work on the course. You’ll get to play with her in a bit, okay?
Holly called Bella to heel and she dropped her chew toy and sat while the girl hooked up the leash. She tucked the toy into her belt again, out of sight and out of mind once again.
—Let’s go, Bella.
They trotted in sync until the cardboard tunnel came up. Holly dropped the leash and Bella scampered into the tunnel. Friday, worried that his friend had disappeared, stood up to chase after her.
—Friday. No. Sit.
He obeyed, but he wasn’t happy.
—He’s never seen a tunnel before.
Bella appeared at the opposite end of the tunnel.
—Look, Friday, she’s back.
Friday woofed his approval and sat back down. Girl and dog scampered off to finish at the water hazard, where Bella happily trotted thorough, splashing Holly as she did. They ended up back with the adults and a happy Friday.
—I think Friday wants to go through your obstacle course, Holly. What do you think? Would you like to take him?
—Would you let me? Do you think he’d go with me?
—Why don’t you try.
Maddie kneeled in front of Friday. She passed the flat of her hand in front of his face to get his attention. He sat down immediately.
—Friday. Go with Holly. Go.
Friday sat patiently while Holly attached the leash. Bella picked up her new chewie and dropped it at Holly’s feet.
—Look, Jim. She wants her to have it for Friday. This should be fun to watch.
Holly picked it up and tucked it into her belt as she did for Bella.
—Friday. Let’s go.
Eager to make the little girl happy, Friday bounded ahead of her, anxious to show her how he could be a good boy for her. He almost pulled the leash from her hand. In a voice as stern as a little girl could muster, she admonished the big dog.
—Friday. Heel.
Immediately Friday moved to Holly’s side. Together they walked the course. Half-way through, Holly gave Friday a treat, a hug, and released him from the leash. She dragged out Bella’s chewie and waved it in front of his face. He made a grab for it and took off, shaking and tossing and biting down. It squeaked, surprising him. He dropped it and picked it up again. Holly called to him.
—Friday. Come.
He bounded towards her. She attached the leash, and the pair headed for Holly’s stair. It was only a single step. Friday got to the top and halted. He looked over at Bella and barked before jumping off. Together the pair approached the cardboard tunnel. Holly released the leash. Friday halted, unsure of what to do.
—Oh dear. Friday has never seen a tunnel before, has he?
Friday approached the tunnel. He sniffed and sat down. Bella rushed to his side. She nudged him before entering the tunnel. She scampered through as Friday barked his disapproval. Bella appeared at the other end and ran back to Friday. She got down on her tummy and wriggled to the entrance. She looked back, got up, and went around to nudge the big dog’s rear one more time.
Once again, she got down on her tummy and wriggled her way to the tunnel’s opening. Friday followed and with Bella leading, they made it through the tunnel, one after the other. Tiny Bella and giant Friday celebrated his risky behavior.
—Good boy, Friday. Good girl, Bella. Come, Friday.
Holly pulled the chewie from her belt and rewarded Friday. When it was time, she called to him and together they finished the obstacle course at the wading pool.
—Good boy. Heel.
She led him back to Maddie.
—Thank you, Maddie. Friday is a good boy.
Friday was too proud of his accomplishment. He made for the tunnel and wriggled though a second time. Little Bella greeted him at the opposite end. They ran off to the pool to frolic and made sure to have another bath before heading off to annoy the adults with a bath of their own.




FOURTEEN


—WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE how I made Bella’s obstacle course, Auntie Maddie? You can come too, Uncle Jim.
Holly led the pair to each of her stations on the course. She explained how she’d towed her wagon around the neighborhood in search of bricks to make the stand for the jump bar. How Bella had helped when she knocked on the doors of nearby neighbors and explained what she needed.
—Are you sure that was safe, Holly? Knocking on a stranger’s door isn’t a good thing to be doing.
—Oh no, Uncle Jim. We didn’t go far. We only went to where we knew people. Next door, and across the street. Mostly I wanted to show how proud I was of Bella. We were lucky and had some help. My mom came with us. She waited on the sidewalk.
—Well, you certainly do have a fine collection of, of—
Maddie nudged Jim.
—Of dog training equipment, Jim.
Holly didn’t notice Jim’s phrasing.
—The only thing we couldn’t find was something to make steps for her to climb. That’s why she doesn’t know how to go up and down stairs.
—You did good, Holly. Little Bella certainly showed Friday a thing or two about tunnels, didn’t she, Jim?
Jim had disappeared. Friday was nowhere to be found.
—Now where did those two men get to? Bella? Where’s Friday?
Bella ignored everyone. She was busying herself with her new play toy. Finally Jim and Friday returned.
—Did you do what I think you did, Mr. Detective?
—You know it. I left it in the box so Holly and Bella can discover it together.
—Aww. You are too sweet.
Holly disappeared inside the house and returned with a small box.
—I got something for Friday. I paid for it all by myself.
—Holly, you shouldn’t be spending money on Friday. That’s Maddie’s job.
The little girl called to Friday. He trotted up to her and sat down to wait patiently.
—Look what I got for you, Friday.
Holly opened the box and took out a dark green bandanna. Friday’s swished so hard it started to wear a patch in the green grass.
—Can I put it on him?
The big dog stood up and nosed the hand holding the bandana.
—I think he’s insisting on it. Look at him.
The dog danced around Holly. Finally he halted in front of her and waited. She tied it around his neck and he pranced off to show off for Bella. Maddie called after him.
—Friday, you are spoiled rotten.
Friday wasn’t gone long. The pair trotted back together. Bella sat down and looked from Holly to Jim to Maddie. It was as though she was asking for a bandanna just like Friday’s. Friday plopped down beside her.
—Look what you started, Holly. Now everyone wants one.
Jim reached into a back pocket and pulled a bandanna out.
—Here you go, Bella. You have your own now.
He got down on his knees and tied it around Bella. She gave his face a bath and ran rings around Friday to show off.
—Those two. I swear they’re like peas in a pod, one tiny and one giant.
Holly giggled. Bella headed for the tunnel. Friday chased after her and wriggled through in hot pursuit one more time. Together they made for the pool and frolicked like it was their first time seeing water.
Jim reached into another pocket and took out two more bandannas. He put one on Holly and the other on Maddie.
—There, my three favorite girls have bandannas. Come on, favorite girl number one. It’s time we went home.
—I’m not sure I’m going to be able to get Friday on board with that.
Jim called to the dog.
—Friday. Come. It’s time for ice cream.
Friday galloped to Jim’s side.
—Not a problem, Maddie. I can handle Friday better than I can handle you.
—Maybe I should put a leash on you and take you through Bella’s obstacle course, Nash. If you make it, I’ll keep you.
—Oh-oh Uncle Jim. I think you’re in trouble now.
Jim knew when to retreat. He called Friday and the pair made for the car.


Later in the evening, Maddie’s phone pinged with a text message from Holly’s mom. She clicked the link to take her to the video. Bella was up on the stairs and sitting on the third step. Holly was standing beside her. Both were wearing their bandannas. Holly was holding her diploma from the kennel. Bella was busy licking Holly’s giggling face.
—I forgot to show you. Thank you for the steps. Bella really likes them. I like them too. Next time we visit you she’ll be able to climb all by herself. She might still need help going down.
The video ran out to the sound of a giggling Holly and Bella’s high-pitched puppy bark.




FIFTEEN

Eighteen Months Later

HOLLY FRANKLIN AND HER MOM prepared the space in the oversized laundry room, just in case. Bella had been in and out of the room multiple times, as though inspecting it. She had dragged one of Holly’s blankets in as well.
—I think she’s almost due, honey. She’s making her little nest for the big event.
Bella was carrying puppies. She was big and moved slow. She was due any time. Finally she settled on the bed she had prepared and sighed. Holly moved her water bowl and food bowl into the room in case she might be thirsty or hungry. Her mom had told he not to be too concerned until the puppies arrived, but she couldn’t help it. She had even called Dr. Hannah, who had reassured her that a dog giving birth was one of the most natural things ever.
Still, Holly was concerned. Bella was her dog, after all. She had cared for her since they met in the kennel. And except for the one time she had lost her on their ice cream trip, they had never been separated. So yes, she was worried. More puppies in her life was a big deal now that she had school to go to. She had canvassed her neighborhood in advance and discovered that homes were nearby for the four puppies Bella would be delivering.


Jim Nash recognized the face on his ringing phone. He smiled to himself and picked up immediately. He already knew Holly’s dog was due any day now.
—Is it time, Holly?
—Yes. Is auntie Maddie there?
—No, Holly. She’s out on a case.
—She’s gone out detecting?
—Yes she has, and I don’t know when she’ll be back. She’s working under cover. I think she’ll be gone for a while. How’s Bella doing?
Holly’s excited voice told him Bella was doing better than young Holly.
—I think she’s ready, Uncle Jim. She’s been dragging blankets into the laundry room and now she’s laying down on them. I brought her bowls there, just in case she wants a drink or some food.
—How many puppies is she going to have again?
—Four according to Dr. Hannah.
Jim knew Dr. Hannah, as Holly called her, from a case he’d worked years ago. He took Friday to the same vet as well.
—Well she knows her stuff. I take it you’re all read up on how to help.
—Oh yes. And mom is going to help us, too.
Jim considered before asking.
—Did you remember to get a heat lamp for the little ones to keep them warm and safe?
Holly called to her mother before answering.
—No. We didn’t.
He knew by the tone of Holly’s voice that she was concerned with the oversight.
—It’s all right. I’ll talk to Dr. Hannah about it and then I’ll pick one up, okay? Don’t worry.
That seemed to satisfy the little girl for the moment. Holly had already moved her blankets and a pillow into Bella’s room. She slept beside the pregnant dog at night, just in case she was needed.
—Okay Uncle Jim. I have to go now. Bella is snuffling. I’ll let you know when she starts.
Jim hung up and looked down at the end of the sunbeam streaming through the office window. The sunbeam settled on the floor on top of Friday. He was snoozing in its warmth. It was one of the dog’s favorite places.
He put his feet up on the desk and settled in his chair. He’d been wondering if Friday was the guilty party as far as Bella and her puppies were concerned. They had all been careful when Friday and Bella were together on their visits. He was pretty sure they’d managed to keep Friday away from Bella when she was in heat. Bella wasn’t ever allowed out of the yard on her own. Holly had reassured them that she had never escaped.
Still. Friday and Bella? A black lab and a yellow lab? He leaned back in his chair and contemplated what the results might look like.
—Come on, Friday.
Friday sighed and stretched a sleepy dog stretch. Four black legs straightened and he snorted before rolling onto his stomach. He looked at Jim.
—It’s walk time, you lazy lump. Fetch your leash.
Friday scampered up the stairs to the third floor and tugged at his leash hanging off the door. Successful, he headed back down to drop the leash at Jim’s feet. He woofed, announcing his good fortune.
—All right. Downstairs.
Dog and man headed down to the landing. He hooked the leash to Friday’s collar and opened the door. In his eagerness, Friday tugged at the leash and headed out the door. Jim called to him to heel. He obeyed, and the pair made for a small park, where Jim removed the leash.
—You realize we can be arrested for this, dog. Maddie wouldn’t be happy with me if I got you a ticket.
He threw the ball and Friday bounded off. He returned and dropped it at Jim’s feet.
—Good boy.
He took the chew toy he’d tucked into the back of his belt and handed it down to the dog. Friday made a grab for it and scampered off. He tossed and squeezed and bit and chewed the life out of it. Each time it squeaked, he went after it even harder.
—It’s a good thing those things are cheap, Friday. We’d be broke buying them for you and Bella.
Friday’s ears perked up. He recognized Bella’s name. They had been besties since he’d discovered the little puppy all alone in an alley. She was a big dog now and he liked to visit and play with Bella and her young mistress.
—We should go for a visit. Bella is about to have her puppies.
He eyed the big black Labrador suspiciously.
—If I’m not mistaken, you’re the guilty party, too.
His phone rang and he answered it. It was a breathless Holly .
—They’re coming Uncle Jim. They’re coming.
—All right. I’m bringing the heat lamp.
On hearing those words, Holly hung up without a good-bye.
—I think our friend is busy, Friday. Should be go for a visit?




SIXTEEN


JIM KNOCKED ON THE DOOR AND WAITED. No one answered, so he entered and called out. A little girl’s voice called back.
—We’re in the laundry room, Uncle Jim.
She rushed out to greet him. One of Bella’s tiny little black balls of fur peeked out from the towel on her shoulder.
—Bella is having her puppies. I’m helping to clean them up for her. I don’t think she’s happy I took one away. I have to go back. Did you bring the lamp?
Holly didn’t wait for an answer. She rushed back to Bella and placed her little offspring between her legs as she had the others. Bella nosed and nudged and licked at the puppy, helping it make its way to a waiting nipple. There were three in front of her already having their nourishment.
—I brought the lamp.
Jim opened the box and clamped it to a support on Bella’s nearby cage. He exited the room and remained in the doorway.
—How did it go? Bella looks very tired.
He kept to the open door, not wanting to intrude on Bella’s space. He’d left Friday in the car on purpose. Holly beamed up at him.
—She had four puppies just like Dr. Hannah said. And they’re all black. I’m glad, because the neighbors who wanted one of Bella’s pups said they wouldn’t want one if it was yellow.
Bella struggled to nose her offspring. They were occupied having a drink. She managed to nose and lick all four in turn before settling her head onto the blanket.
—Would you like to have a drink, Bella?
Holly dipped her hand into Bella’s water bowl. The dog licked at her fingers. Holly repeated the gesture until Bella was satisfied.
—You should be very proud, Holly. You helped Bella deliver her babies.
—Mom helped me. I made sure they were clean and Dr. Hannah told me what else to do. I think she’ll be all right. I’m glad they have homes when they get bigger. I’m in school now and I don’t have time for four puppies. Even keeping them for eight or twelve weeks is going to be hard to do.
—Well, if you need help you know where I am. Are you hungry?
—Oh yes. Bella went into labor and I got all excited and I forgot to eat and now I’m hungry and tired and and—
—I brought just the thing for that. It’s on the kitchen counter. I think your mom is heating it up now.
A microwave dinged and Holly’s mom called.
—Dinner is served.
—That’s my cue to leave. Good night everyone.
—Good night Uncle Jim.
Jim headed for the car. Friday greeted the back of his neck with a cold nose. Before he could get out of the driveway Holly came running up to the car.
—She’s having more. There’s another one.
She ran back into the house and Jim chased after her.
—Look Uncle Jim. She’s yellow. She’s number five. Do you think there’s any more, mom?
—We’ll just have to wait and see, dear.
Holly cleaned off the pup and held her for Bella to lick and smell before placing her between her legs with the other four. Bella waited and finally nudged the pup with her nose.
—She’s not going to drink. Should I help her? What should I do? Do you think she needs help?
Jim bent to Bella and gave her a gentle scratch. She growled weakly, but she allowed him to move the pup to nurse.
—You’re a good girl, Bella. The little one just needed a little help to find you, is all. All right folks. I’m out of here. Enjoy the pizza. And don’t forget to get some sleep, Holly. It’s going to be a busy day for you tomorrow wrangling all those puppies.
Holly sighed and, tired as she was, giggled.
—I’m a puppy wrangler. I’ll be sure to tell you how it goes, okay?
—Okay. I’ll be waiting. Good night.
Jim halted in the kitchen and addressed Sandy.
—I have a sneaking suspicion that the little yellow devil is going to turn out to be the runt. She wouldn’t move to drink. Bella didn’t like it, but I had to move her to a nipple.
—Oh dear. Holly will be so disappointed if anything happens to one of her puppies. I’ll be sure to pay attention.
—Holly told me she found places for all the black pups. Do you think she’ll be able to find a home for the little yellow one?
—I’m not sure. Are you looking for a dog?




SEVENTEEN


JIM LET FRIDAY OUT IN FRONT of the office and led him to a fire hydrant. He chuckled while Friday raised a leg and piddled.
—All right. I’ve done my duty. Time for bed.
Friday woofed. It had been a long night of nervous waiting in the car for him, too. He hadn’t known what to make of being banished. Together they trudged up the stairs to the apartment. Friday headed off to his cage.
Jim considered Sandy Franklin’s words as he got ready for bed. How would Friday take having another dog in the family? Would he take to it? The runt was a female, so she’d have to be spayed. Or Friday would have to be neutered. One or the other. He wondered if Maddie would accept that for her dog.
And then there was training. He’d have to train her. And apartment-break her. Piddling, Holly had called it. Maddie had made fun of him for using the word with little Bella.
A name. He’d need to name the puppy too. But no, that was going too far with his thoughts of owning a dog. It was too early. The little puppy still had months to go before Holly would let him bring her home.
Oh for crying out loud. How did he think that last? Bring her home? He drifted off to sleep dreaming of yellow-haired puppies frolicking in a field of flowers.


Friday jumped up on the bed and stuck his cold wet nose against Jim’s bare back.
—Friday. What are you doing in bed? You know you’re not supposed to be here. You miss Maddie too, don’t you?
Friday had been climbing into bed with Jim on a regular basis since Maddie had left on her lengthy undercover operation. Jim hadn’t refused the dog. He missed Friday’s mistress too.
—What’s for breakfast, dog? You must obvs be waking me up to feed me.
Friday got down off the bed and waited patiently by the door for Jim to stop dawdling.
—All right. I’m coming. Where’s your leash?


Dog and man huffed and puffed their way up the stairs after the morning run. Ever since Maddie had caught them out snoozing in the office when they were supposed to be out exercising, the duo had faithfully gone on their early morning runs without fail. Both of them were afraid Maddie would shame them if they reneged.
—Do you think Maddie misses us, dog?
Friday’s ears perked at the mention of his mistress’ name. He put nose to floor and traipsed around the apartment. When he came up empty-handed he returned to Jim and nudged his thigh. Jim reached down and scratched the dog.
—Yes, I know. I do too. But she’s out paying the bills, so we have to put up with it for now. Would you like a little bacon in your dinner?
Friday circled Jim’s legs. His tail waved up a gale-force wind.
—I thought you might. How would you like to have another dog to keep you company?
He halted at Jim’s feet and sat down.
—It’s all right. We’ll talk about it later after dinner.
Jim didn’t wait until after dinner. He called Holly’s mom right off and explained what he wanted. Sandy took the phone to Holly in the laundry room. She found her curled up with Bella and her puppies.
—It’s Jim. He wants to talk to you.
She handed the phone over.
—Hi Uncle Jim. Is everything all right? Have you heard from Auntie Maddie?
—Maddie is fine. I was just frying a little bacon to put in Friday’s dinner and something occurred to me.
Holly looked up at her mom.
—What are you grinning at, mom? Do you know a secret? What is it, Uncle Jim?
—Well, I was thinking of the little yellow puppy. The runt of the litter.
—Did you call to check up on her? She’s fine. I’ve been looking out for her.
—Well—
He hesitated. Once he told Holly, he’d be locked in.
—I’ve been thinking about what you said about not being able to take care of any more dogs. What do you think about me and Friday bringing the little one home with us when she’s ready?
—Lola, Uncle Jim. Her name is Lola.
She didn’t want the man to think she would be neglecting the new puppy, even if she was the runt of the litter.
—Lola. That’s a pretty name. So what do you think if I bring Lola home with us when she’s ready?




EIGHTEEN


HOLLY WAS BESIDE HERSELF. She was pretty sure Friday and Uncle Jim and Aunt Maddie would make a good home. She didn’t hesitate.
—I’d like that. She’d have to learn how to climb stairs though.
—Well, I think I’d be able to teach her to do that. And Friday would help, of course. And you and Bella could come visit to check up on all of us any time you want.
That was all Holly needed to hear.
—It’s going to be a while before she can leave. She’s so tiny.
Jim pictured Holly silently jumping for joy.
—Oh yes. Friday and I can come visit, right? They’ll need to be introduced when Lola is a little older and her eyes are open and all that other stuff.
Holly sounded so happy to hear she had found a home for little Lola. They said their goodbyes and Jim hung up. He looked down at Friday.
—Well, partner, it looks like we have another member of the family.
Friday wasn’t paying attention. He was busy smacking his lips over the bacon bits his second master had mixed in with his dinner.
Jim wandered off to the living room and sat down. He was soon to be the owner of a dog. A little puppy. Hardly bigger than Bella had been when Friday discovered her in the alley. He already had Friday. Well, he wasn’t Friday’s owner, but he had him just the same. It was almost like owning him.
He recognized the sounds of Friday in the kitchen devouring his meal. The dog always had a drink of water to wash everything down. Friday pranced into the living room and sat at Jim’s feet. The dog nudged his thigh. It was time for petting.
Jim reached down and scratched at Friday absent-mindedly. He looked down. Wondered if there was room at his feet for two dogs. Of course there was. He had two hands to scratch and pet. Why wouldn’t there be?
How would Maddie take it? She was out on a case. He had no idea when she’d return. The case was going well so far. Satisfied with the reports to date, the client was making regular payments. Another couple of months and she’d be home. He thought he should tell her about the dog, but then, well, she was working. She didn’t need to be concerning herself with things back home.
—We’re going to be getting you a partner, Friday. What do you think of that, hmm?
Friday didn’t consider it. All he wanted now was a post-lunch snooze in a sunbeam. He knew where there was a sunbeam, too, and it wasn’t far away. He made his way to the door and woofed in the direction of his master.
—Ready for your snooze, dog? Me too. Let’s go. We’ll take our walk later.
Content Friday settled into his bed between the two desks. The office sunbeam had warmed his bed to his satisfaction. Jim put his feet up and leaned back in his chair. It wasn’t long before man and faithful dog were fast asleep.


Jim’s feet slipped off the desk and crashed to the floor. A startled Friday rolled upright into a crouch and barked a warning. He was ready for action, every muscle tensed.
—What is it, Friday? Were you having a dream too?
He didn’t like the dream that woke him up. He was running, calling for a dog. A runaway. Had Bella disappeared again? Or was it his new puppy? He looked around. It couldn’t be. It was too soon to bring her home. Her eyes were still closed. How long, a day or two. That’s it, only a day or two since little Bella had her pups. Bella wasn’t so little any more. She was a big girl.
—Friday, I think we’d better get out on the street and check things out. What do you say? Come on. Leash.
While the big black Lab scampered upstairs to retrieve his leash, Jim rubbed sleep from his eyes and washed his face. That’s better, he told himself, and in the same breath wished Maddie was back. She could help him decide on whether he should get a dog.
The pair jogged down the street, past the small patch of green and past Friday’s favorite hydrant to the small park near the beach. They found a vacant bench and sat in the shade, contemplating life and puppies.
—A puppy. At my age. I need my head examined, right, Friday? Do you want another dog hogging the limelight around the place? And you’d have to get fixed. How do you feel about that?
More importantly, how would Maddie feel about it?




NINETEEN


JIM MADE TO RETURN TO THE OFFICE. Friday dutifully followed. Once home, both were suitably fortified by Jim’s specialties. Chopped fried bacon supplemented the dog’s breakfast. A grilled cheese sandwich made to order satisfied the man.
He checked the calendar. Two months had passed since Bella had given birth. Only one puppy remained for Bella and Holly to care for. The yellow lab. The runt of the litter. Holly had named the little ball of yellow fur Lola.
Jim pulled out a desk drawer and opened the small box. He inspected the name tag. Two phone numbers were listed below the dog’s name. The first was his number. The second was Holly’s mom’s number. He wanted the little girl to be sure about letting him bring home the dog she had cared for so long.
He wondered what the little girl’s reaction would be when he showed it to her with the name he had chosen for the puppy.
—Well, Friday, today is the big day. We have a new member of the family coming home with us. It’s going to be a big change for everyone.
Friday didn’t seem to mind. His eyes never opened. He snuffled and stretched a stiff-legged doggie stretch from his bed.
—Easy for you to say, dog. I have a lot to learn. And enough lolly-gagging about for you. We have people to see and things to do.
Friday opened an eye and rolled onto his stomach. He cast a one-eyed glance in Jim’s direction.
—Let’s go get our dog.
Jim did a quick trip upstairs to pick up the cage. On the way out the door he checked the newspaper he had set down. Piddle paper, he called it. He was sure the puppy would have a hard time waiting until he got her downstairs to do her business. Certainly it would take a while.
He loaded Friday into the back seat of the Packard. The front he reserved for the cage. As usual, Friday nudged the back of his neck with a cold nose.
—Bad boy, Friday.
The big dog did it again, this time to the man’s ear. Jim laughed and Friday settled back to keep an eye on the scenery. He pulled into the driveway and let Friday out. He had been bringing the dog on his visits to acquaint the tiny puppy with the huge black Labrador. So far, the two, or the three—Friday, Bella, and the puppy—had gotten along famously.
Holly opened the door.
—Come on in, Uncle Jim. They’re out in the back yard.
Friday made for the open patio door and bounded into the yard. Bella and her offspring scampered to greet him.
—I gave her a bath last night so you won’t have to do it right off. Bella showed her how to climb stairs.
She retrieved her mom’s phone and showed Jim a picture of the puppy on the top stair of the step obstacle. The puppy had her nose against Holly’s neck and she was giggling.
—I’m going to miss her.
—I know you will. You can come and see her whenever you want. And if you can’t, I’ll be happy to bring her to visit you, too. You know that, right?
Holly wasn’t so sure.
—I have a bandanna for her. It’s green.
Holly held it out.
—Well then what’s keeping you from putting it on her? I have something for you, too. I have a name tag for her collar.
Holly called for the puppy. She scampered up to the little girl. The dog’s tail wagged so hard it almost shook off her rear end. She tied the bandana around the dog’s neck. Lola pranced around the little girl like a showoff.
Jim handed Holly the box. She sniffled and looked down at the puppy.
—What are you going to call her?
—You’ll have to open the box to find out.
She took out the tag and turned it over.
—Oh. Uncle Jim.
Holly’s arms went around Jim and she sobbed.
—I didn’t think—
—You picked a perfect name for our dog. I couldn’t have done better. Now come on. I’ll help you put it on her collar.
Holly gave the name tag a better look.
—It has my phone number on it.
—Of course it does. I wanted to be sure one of us would know where she was in case, you know.
Lost. He didn’t want to say the word. He recalled how Holly had lost her Bella and didn’t want to upset the girl any more than she was already.
—The apartment is set up for her. I have newspapers laid out. She’s got proper water and food bowls. Her cage is in the car on the front seat. I even picked up a leash just for her. And a bed, too. No way is our dog getting one of Friday’s cast-offs.
Holly was cheered by Jim’s preparations. The name tag did its job, too. She was sad to see Lola go, but she knew her ward would be in a good home.
—Maybe after a day or two when we get settled in your mom could bring you and Bella for a visit. What do you think, Sandy?
The girl looked at her mom.
—Of course we can all go for a visit. Maybe we’ll bring ice cream.
Friday and Bella chose that moment to appear. His and Bella’s ears perked up immediately.
—Look at those two mooches. They hear the words and they’re slurping at bowls they haven’t even seen yet. On that note, it’s time, Holly. Would you like to bring Lola to the car?
Holly and Lola. He almost chuckled but thought better of it.
Dogs and people said their good-byes. Lola peeked over the edge of the passenger window as Holly waved. She barked a high-pitched farewell.




TWENTY


JIM SET LOLA DOWN at the bottom of the stairs. He took out his phone and began filming. The puppy looked up the stairs. Looked at Friday. Looked at Jim. Tentative at first, she placed her forelegs on the first step. Her tail stopped swishing and froze. Her hind legs followed. She was up on the first step.
Pleased with herself, she twisted her head to look at Friday and wuffed. Friday adjusted his position and nosed Lola’s rear. The puppy repeated the procedure twice more, as did Friday. At the third step, she halted, sat herself down, and waited. Friday was flummoxed. He couldn’t nose her up any more steps. He went to move past the puppy and up the stairs.
—No Friday. Wait for Lola.
The black Lab settled and whined. He couldn’t figure out why the puppy had halted. Jim knew. The stairs in the back yard obstacle course were only three steps high. Lola had completed the obstacle as best she knew, and was waiting patiently on the third step.
—All right you little yellow ball of fur. I’ll carry you the rest of the way, but you’d better not expect it every time, you hear?
Jim chuckled to himself as he picked up Lola and cradled her in his arms. Her tiny pink tongue flicked over his cheek and found his ear. He chuckled again.
—Lola Lola you are spoiling me.
Friday traipsed up the stairs behind Jim. He put the puppy down on the floor and reached for his keys. Friday stood guard and kept a nervous eye on the dog in case she made for the stairs. Jim opened the door and little Lola tentatively proceeded into her new home.
Jim made sure to close the door behind her. He had installed a child’s gate to block the door when it was open. He drew that, too, just to be certain.
Lola sniffed and wagged and scampered. She checked her bowls and found the newspaper and piddled nervously to mark her spot.
—Good girl, Lola. Good girl. Right, Friday?
Friday wasn’t sure what to make of anything. This was all new to him. He sat back and watched the proceedings. His tail swept the floor in a slow back and forth.
Finished with the kitchen, Lola moved to the doorway to the living room. She halted. Crawled on her tummy past the doorway. Hesitated. Looked around. Stood up and scampered into the room. She lowered her nose and swept the floor as she scampered in all directions, tail held high. Satisfied there were no strangers, she rushed back to the kitchen and sat at Jim’s feet.
—Good girl. Would you like a drink?
He ran cold water in the sink and filled Lola’s bowl. He did the same for Friday. Both dogs drank their fill. Friday made for his bed where he could watch the strange proceedings from a safe distance. Jim rolled up the soiled newspaper and replaced it with fresh.
Lola made for Jim’s feet, spotted Friday on his bed, changed her mind mid-gallop, and made a mad dash for the dog. She crashed into him. Shocked, Friday sat up. Lola took up a position between his front feet and refused to move.
—Well Friday, it looks like you have another new bestie. What do you think?
The big black dog looked down at the little yellow dog. He snorted. Rolled deftly onto his side on his bed. Little Lola curled up between Friday’s legs and settled in for a nap.
—Good boy, Friday. I think Lola likes you.
He wondered if he should take Lola and put her in her cage so she could snooze in the laundry room. The two dogs appeared comfortable where they were, so he decided against it for now.
Instead, he went online to read up on bringing a dog home for the first time. He remembered to send Holly the video of the puppy climbing the first steps and Friday helping her up two more before she gave up. He pictured Holly giggling when she saw it. He sent her a still of the dogs in Friday’s bed, too.
He’d call her tomorrow with a full report.




TWENTY-ONE


JIM DIDN’T KNOW WHAT ELSE to do. He had food and water out for Lola. The newspaper had been changed. Friday and Lola were asleep on Friday’s bed. He made for the living room and stretched out on the sofa. His eyes closed in an instant and he fell into a nervous sleep.
He wasn’t sure what woke him. Maybe it was Friday. Maybe it was his concern for the puppy in her new home. He opened a single eye and looked around the living room. Lola was dragging a running shoe out of a closet. It was half as big as she was. She wrestled and growled and shook her head and wasn’t satisfied until the shoe had submitted to her demands.
Not to be outdone, and probably because he missed his mistress, Friday dragged Maddie’s matching runner out of the closet. He chased after Lola, mimicking her actions with the other shoe.
—Lola, if Maddie comes home and catches us like this I’m going to be in trouble.
Friday’s ears perked up. There was someone at the door.


Maddie could hear Jim’s voice through the door. He was talking to someone. Lola. Who was Lola? And why would the man be in trouble if she caught them? She threw open the door. Friday skidded to a halt at her feet. He dropped the sneaker and sat in front of his mistress and looked up at her.
Lola scampered after Friday, proud of her accomplishments with the sneaker. The laces dragged after her, and she stepped on one and tripped. Se bumped into Friday, slipped to a halt in front of the stranger, and looked up. She didn’t drop the shoe. Her eyes got big and she turned and scampered back to the safety of Jim’s feet. She plopped down on the toe of one of his shoes. She opened her mouth and the sneaker clumped onto the floor.
Maddie bent to greet Friday. The big dog almost bowled her over in his eagerness to welcome his mistress. Lola spotted Friday’s wagging tail and made a dash for it. She collided with him again and rolled onto her back. Friday gave her a whack with a foot and she sat up, shocked. She ran back to the safety of Jim a second time.
—Lola.
The puppy looked up at Jim.
—That’s Maddie. Go say hello if you can get past Friday. Come. We’ll go together.
Lola still wasn’t sure.
—Lola. Heel.
That did it. Holly’s training kicked in and she obeyed, albeit reluctantly. She still wasn’t sure about this stranger in her new domain.
—So, Detective Nash, what have you been doing to amuse yourself in my absence?
Jim grinned back at the woman.
—Well now, since you asked. This is Lola. Friday and I missed you. We had to find a replacement for our affections.
Maddie couldn’t ignore the puppy any longer. She got down on her hands and knees. Friday jumped up and circled around his mistress, shaking his tail like a banshee.
—I missed you too, Friday. Now then, who is this little yellow ball of fur? Is she your new bestie?
Lola chose that moment to tackle Friday. The big dog rolled onto his back and allowed her to wrestle him into submission. They growled and struggled and nipped and whined.
—Friday likes her. I was worried about that. It appears as though you like her, too.
Maddie left the dogs to play by themselves and wrapped her arms around Jim.
—That’s good detecting, detective. Now shut up and hug me.
Lola spotted the strange person hugging the man. She deserted Friday and scampered over to Jim. She plopped down at his feet and looked up before barking to get his attention.
—I thinks she’s jealous.
—She’ll get over it.
Jim sniffed the air. He was pretty sure Holy had told him she had given Lola a bath last night.
—You need a bath, detective. I’ll go run the tub for you.
Maddie led Friday and Lola into the living room. She grabbed a pillow from the sofa and got down to stretch out with the dogs. In an instant Friday and Lola settled in beside her. Maddie’s eyes closed, and she fell fast asleep.
Lola’s nose settled in beneath the woman’s chin. She snuffled. The woman smelled good.
Friday stretched out beside the pair, trapping little Lola against his mistress. He sighed contentedly and closed his eyes.
Jim came out to announce the bath was ready. He spotted the threesome on the floor and decided a quick little nap on the sofa wouldn’t be so bad about now. It had been a long, exhausting day for everyone.



Read Order for Jim Nash Stories

Pirate Cay
Thrill Kill Jill
Greetings From Key West
Lost Paradise
No Angels
Mexico Gamble
No Picnic
Fallen Angels
Vendetta
A Girl’s Best Friend
Dead End
No Harbor
Dog Days
Startup Blues
Last Stop To Nowhere / End of Nowhere
Revenge Is Justice
Escape
Wedding Bell Blues
Snap Brim Fedora Caper
Breakdown
Little Girl Lost
Forget Me Not
All The Glitter
Mexico Time
Shop Till You Drop
Partners in Crime

SEASONAL
Trick or Treat
Helping Santa

OTHER
The Snap Brim Fedora Caper


More by P X Duke

Twisted Sisters
Detective Jim Nash has a problem. He has a murder victim in an alley and a dead woman in his bed. His own homicide division wants to charge him with murder. To say he’s got serious commitment problems would be an understatement. He's on the lookout for twins, but he doesn't want to date them. He wants to know who murdered them. A modern pulp short story.

Dreams Die Fast
Frank is headed home after spending a long winter on the Baja. When his motorcycle breaks down, he’s trapped in an old ghost town on the west side of the Salton Sea. A woman takes pity on Frank and invites him over for a home-cooked meal. Before he knows it, Frank is knee-deep in cartel drugs with a woman itching to pull the trigger on the gun she’s pointing at his back.

Dreams Die Hard
Frank is back on the road with a reformed junkie on the run from a cartel hit squad riding bitch on the back of his motorcycle. When the duo end up working at a strip club, the seedy edge of the city finally catches up, forcing Frank to dig deep within to triumph over drugs, greed, arson and murder. Some adult content.

Fast Food Slow Waitress
A biker hits all the high spots (or the low spots, depending on your point of view). These short stories find him at a peeler bar off the 15 in Montana; encountering a hitch-hiker off the 10 in New Mexico; being sweet-talked by his landlady; romancing a truck-driving sweetheart in a sleeper at a California truck stop; flirting with a waitress in a restaurant in the high desert. This is an updated and revised version of First Time and other stories previously published.

Dead Reckoning
During a well-deserved R&R on mainland Mexico, Harry picks up something he doesn’t own that forces him to flee across the Sea of Cortez to the Baja. While hiding out on an isolated beach, two mysterious gringas show up to complicate Harry’s life by attempting to implicate him in their own scheme, resulting in a mad dash up the Baja to escape the consequences of their actions.

Long Way Home
When Harry’s ex-wife, Sasha, and their daughter accompany her oil-company boyfriend on a working vacation to Africa, the trio goes missing. They get out a call for help that will lead Harry on an air and ground chase across the Horn of Africa to rescue his family before kidnappers can move them to their den on the Indian Ocean.

Payback
Harry’s comfortable family life is turned upside down when he gets a phone call from a former comrade he thought long dead. When the second call comes in an hour later, the caller asks for his help. He knows his life will never be the same until he can learn what happened to the woman who launched a rescue mission to save his life after his plane was destroyed during a firefight on a bush landing strip in East Africa. Third short novel in a series.


About the author

Aviator. Motorcycle rider. Vagabond. Drifter. Trouble-maker. Jack of all trades and master of none. I've been riding and writing about the places I've been and the people I've seen for a few years now. Some of my writing is factual; some of it isn't. I like to leave it up to readers to decide for themselves which lies might be the truth.

https://pxduke.com  |  author@pxduke.com


