
	

PB & Jelly




Phil Wohl


ONE
	The 20-year reunion for the West Valley High School’s Class of 1981 was fast approaching and preparations were being made for the festivities.  The last days of winter in New York were elapsing when the invitation came via email, as many classmates started thinking about the momentous late June event. 
	Since many people were coming from out of town it was decided by the reunion committee, which was comprised of pretty much the same people as the Yearbook and Prom Committees, that the event would be held in a local hotel.  Two out of the four people on the committee still lived in West Valley, but they planned on getting so hammered from the open bar that it would be an immoral imperative to have a place to crash as night turned into morning. 
	Pete Berman opened the email and quickly realized that he was a long way from being the big man on the West Valley High School campus, so he closed the invitation as well as his laptop.  He figured that this wasn’t the time for trivial things such as reconnecting with old friends and people who were a great deal more than friends. 

He had moved back to his hometown after more than a decade away, the pull of the familiarity and an overriding feeling of safety made him leave the big city for his West Valley neighborhood.  Pete had been inducted into the West Valley Hall of Fame seven years earlier for his basketball heroics and had even written a book about his memories, which seemed to flood back with regularity. His wife, also a Long Island native, was happy to be within a half-hour of her high maintenance mom, which she considered a safe distance. 
His high school girlfriend, Isabel Mitchell, still hadn’t left the friendly confines of West valley High School in her mind, preferring to still be a sport’s star as well as Pete Berman’s girlfriend.  Her life had dramatically changed after college, but that didn’t stop her from drifting back to the impressionable days of high school.
It was fifth period of a sleepy December day and a portion of the West Valley High School students had filtered into the lunchroom.  It was a much-needed break from an academic curriculum that was supposed to provide a foundation for the future but in reality would have little impact on the remainder of their lives.  
	Isabell Mitchell was eager to advance her social curriculum in an extracurricular course load that included advancing beyond the friend zone with guy pal Pete Berman.  Her left leg bounced up and down and she waiting for him to join her.  Thoughts of the first time they met more than two years earlier dancing through her mind.
	It was Isabell’s first day at West Valley High School and she was predictably unsettled.  She noticed a few people she knew from her middle school scattered around the Spanish class, but there were just as many unfamiliar faces from the other side of town.  And then, he walked in.  His confidence could be attributed to repeating the entire tenth grade because he was in the early stages of his late bloom.  The very early stages.
	Pete Berman walked into a class where he was genuinely an outsider.  He knew one guy from his neighborhood, who he nodded at, and then took the only seat that was available.  Pete sat down next to Isabel and nodded at her and she smiled and blushed, since that was the most honest reaction you could give to someone that you were instantly in love with.  He wasn’t available for a love at first sight moment after developing so slowly in his academic and social lives that his father decided to leave him back.  Early abuses in his life made everything other than sports confusing.  Pete had also been the youngest student in his grade since first grade, so a quick conversation between his controlling father and the vice principal about his potential for a basketball scholarship revealed that extra year in high school would make him an athletic giant by the time he graduated.  Little consideration was given to academics or making an appropriate social adjustment, but those things wound up being added benefits for Pete.
	Later that first day, Pete was eating lunch in the cafeteria by himself at a table near the windows in the back of the large room.  He no longer had the friends he grew up with and it was too soon to tell whether new friends would form with his current classmates.  In Isabel’s haste, she forgot her lunch and had no money in her pocket to buy whatever shit they were offering.  She spotted Pete and walked directly to his table once she saw him.  Her brown bag remained on the kitchen table in her house, as both parents worked and no one could bring her the same lunch that she ate since first grade.  Pete was also a creature of habit, also eating the same lunch since he could walk, which drew ridicule over the years from boys who would cut you down if even one of your hairs were out of place.
	She sat down across from him and said, “Do you mind if I sit here?”
	He was happy for the company, “No, be my guest.”
	“I’m Isabel.”
	“Pete,” he nodded, “Pete Berman.”
	She was eyeing his sandwich, so he observed, “Did you forget your lunch?”
	“Yeah, I think I left it on the kitchen table,” she said. “I would have left my head home too if it wasn’t connected.”
	He laughed.
	“Is that peanut butter and jelly?” she asked as she inhaled the familiar aroma.
	“Yeah, people always make fun of me because I eat the same thing every day. My mom always adds Smucker’s grape jelly, but I’m really all about the Skippy peanut butter.”
	She laughed, “That’s funny because I eat a Smucker’s grape jelly sandwich every day and people make fun of me, too.”
	He nodded as he separated the peanut butter side of the diagonally sliced sandwich from the grape jelly side and handed it to her with a napkin.
	“Thanks!” she exclaimed. “That’s why my friends always called me Isabel “Jelly” Mitchell, or Isabelly.”
	“PB has been my nickname as long as I remember, but until now I always thought it stood for my initials,” he admitted.
TWO
	Isabel and Pete, alias PB and Jelly, ate lunch together every day after that through their senior year, she bringing jelly sandwiches from home and he converting over to purely peanut butter; both drinking cartons of whole milk to flush it down.  On the December day in their senior year when she uncharacteristically arrived before him, she decided to sit on his side of their table.
	“Switching it up a bit?” he joked as he was about to keep the balance by sitting across from her. But then she motioned for him to sit next to her and he acquiesced due to his dislike of having his back to the room.  After spending a life being poked, prodded, and punched by his classmates, Pete liked to see what was coming before it was headed to cause him pain.  He had grown almost five inches since being in high school and now stood at 6’6”, but he would carry the awareness of this paranoia through the remainder of his life.
	Isabel had watched Pete date other girls since they first met and patiently waited her turn.  As best friends they talked all of the time and had even corresponded the entire previous summer when he went away for eight weeks.  She flirted with him constantly, or what she thought were flirtations, but she was his best friend and that’s where the line was drawn.  
	Isabel almost lost it the previous year when he fell in love with Ursula Janis, a girl she grew up with and had been friends with since they could walk.  He fell hard and it’s all he talked about.  And when Ursula snapped Pete in half, Isabel was there to pick up the pieces and help put them back together again.  Isabel knew the entire time that cheerleader Ursula was still with longtime boyfriend Kurt Wilhelm and was hanging with star basketball player Pete for appearances.  At least that’s the way it started.
	“Why are you doing this?” a frustrated Isabel confronted Ursula in the hallway after school the previous year.
	Ursula smiled and remained in character, “Because I can.” And then she sized up her old friend like few others could. “You like him!”
	Isabel was about to mount a defense but was too angry to front. 
	“Yeah, so what if I do!”
	“I’m not done with him yet,” a cocky Ursula countered.
	The 5’11” Isabel was fighting for her life when she looked down at the 5’4” Ursula.
	She pointed with her dominant left hand, “Don’t make me go there, U!”
	All of the confidence drained from Ursula’s body as she grew pale.
	“You wouldn’t.”
	“You know how your father gets when anyone talks about those fancy people from the other side of town. And doesn’t Mister J go Mulcahy’s Bar every Friday night after work.  I’m sure he would be in a great mood after 10 pints and a story about how his daughter is dating a Hebe.”
	Isabel never used slang to describe anyone, but she had to speak in language that her ex-friend would understand.
	“I’m done with you,” Ursula stated.
	“And you better be done with him be the time I my butt hits my seat in homeroom,” Isabel grunted.
	“Not that it really matters, “Ursula replied. “It’s not like you’re going to do anything,” as she slammed her locker shut and walked away.            
 	The next morning she passed Pete in the hallway and he looked so sad. But she couldn’t help feel somewhat happy inside.  It was January and needed time to heal, so she waited and waited and waited until it was the next year.  He came back and since he was the big man on campus there were girls trying to get in front of her in line and she didn’t like it.  It took Isabel three months to get up the courage to take her final stand.
	He took out his peanut butter sandwich and started munching as she said, “If you go out with Mary, I will no longer be your friend.”
	It took him a few moments to process the harsh words that he didn’t see coming.  He thought, “Why would she do that? What does one thing have to do with the other?”
	Pete barely put his half sandwich down on its saran wrap covering when he looked deep into Isabel’s blue eyes and saw something he hadn’t noticed before: she was a woman. The girl he had eaten lunch with the previous two-and-a-half years had just transformed into a full-fledged woman with kissable lips and other body parts that delighted his teenage senses.
	As a woman, she noticed the changed look in his brown eyes and she moved in for a kiss without any regard to place or time.  Their lips met and most of the other students continued their conversations without notice.  Ursula Janis noticed as she rolled her eyes and muttered, “It’s about fuckin’ time!”
	When Isabel and Pete finally stopped kissing he sarcastically said, “Okay, I won’t date Mary.”
	She smiled and then went back in to make up for lost time.
THREE
	Their on-again, off-again relationship lasted another five years until the end of college.  Pete had moved on almost as he left for college, while Isabel held on to the bucking bronco like their lives depended on it.  And it many ways it did for both of them.  The level of comfort they felt around each other was hard to sustain with other people over time and impossible to duplicate.
	Pete loved Isabel but she reminded him of everything he as trying to escape from.  The high school glory days had also been the culmination of a horrific period of time with his family.  When he and Isabel got together all she wanted to do was talk about high school and he felt as if she wasn’t progressing past those days of exploration and firsts.
	“I can’t do this anymore,” he said a week before college graduation when she came to visit him.
	“Aren’t you coming home after you graduate next week?” she asked, trying to skate over the massive pile of dog sheet covering the rink.
	“Yeah,” he replied. She was so nice and he never wanted to hurt her feelings being that she was part of his family at this point. Not that it was such a positive connotation…
	“Don’t you want to be with me?” she asked for what seemed like the millionth time. 
	He paused since that was one of the most loaded questions he continually had to field.  Pete went to college, learned a few new tricks, and had short-term relationships with a few people.  Going back to the way things were was not an option for Pete.  He would always be Isabel’s high school sweetheart, or whatever the fuck she wanted to call it, but that didn’t mean he had to be trapped in that teenage world anymore.  
After spending many of his first 18 years focused on athletics and then Isabel’s naked body, Pete paid his way through college by continuing to play basketball for a full scholarship.  But during those college years he grew to like cerebral pursuits a great deal more than physical pursuits.  In fact, the physical pursuits, with the exceptions of a few sexual encounters/relationships grew tiresome and had little staying power.  That was part of the reason he remained intrigued with Isabel and their long-term relationship, no matter what adverse things he was feeling.  
Isabel grew to enjoy sex a lot more during the college years after preferring a steady diet of foreplay with him going down on her.  He even qualified for his scuba diving license in the first year of their relationship, as he was able to hold his breath while being under for minutes at a time.
The question he constantly asked himself was, could he see a scenario where they were married?  The answer was always yes with a side of no.  From where Pete stood, marriage was a marathon not a sprint, and they had certainly qualified to run a marathon being that they had stayed together through many twists and turns.  But he also thought about something his grandfather had always said – or he heard that he always uttered – “Just because you can do something that doesn’t mean you actually have to do it.”
That coupling at the end of college was the last time they were together.  And, perhaps, for the first time, she knew it.  He had always handled the contraception over the years in the form of ill-fitting Hefty bags that choked off his circulation, so she tried another angle as they approached the runway that led to the deed.
He went to reach for a rubber and she said, “I got it.”
Pete recoiled and asked, “You got what?”
“I mean, I got it,” she repeated.
“But you family doesn’t believe in contraception,” he countered. “That’s why you have two younger brothers and sisters and you all share rooms in that house.”
There were three girls in one room and two boys in another, which often meant Isabel and Pete would be diverted to the living room floor or other rooms when people weren’t home.  Pete never liked to go to his house when his parents were home because their disapproving looks and negative energy that he was dating a shiksa, a non-Jewish girl, was a constant hemorrhoid.  To them it wasn’t enough that he had found a girl to love.  In later years, he would come to realize that anyone, regardless of race or religion, would receive the same level of disapproval within the confines of the unhealthy Berman universe.  Even the woman he eventually married.
Back to the comment.
“Are you on the pill or something?” he asked, as most of the college girls he had interacted really ‘had it covered’ by taking the pill.  Or at least they said they were in the pill.
“Why is it so hard to believe?” she asked.
Nobody, with the exception of Isabel’s mother, knew Isabel as well as Pete, so it seemed out of character for her to stray beyond her strict Protestant upbringing.  Two questions were always the focus of many of their conversations because neither of their families were going to bend on the subject of religion:
1.Where would they get married? (Church or synagogue)
2.How would the children be raised? (Protestant or Jewish)
This set much of the foundation for Pete’s dating life where he dated mostly non-Jews for the ease of initial contact.  But when it came to the ultimate step he wasn’t going to bend on the answers to those two questions, since the answers were synagogue and Jewish without hesitation.  Pete had spent hours in his college’s library reading books on the Holocaust and wasn’t going to be the spoiled brat who broke the chain of his lineage.  Beyond what his parents wanted, because he no longer gave a shit, it was what he and his ancestors wanted.
FOUR
	To sat that Isabel wasn’t thinking clearly would have been the understatement of the century.  She couldn’t stand to lose him yet saw the inevitability of their split.  His happiness was less important than satisfying her own needs, which was a departure for such a selfless person who was had studied nursing in college and already had a job lined up at a local hospital.
	Three months after their last sexual encounter, Pete moved to Manhattan after landing a job with a big financial firm and Isabel was still living at home and working the graveyard shift at West Valley Hospital, which was 10 minutes from her house.  She came home one morning as her mom was preparing to head out.     
“How was your shift?” Jean Mitchell asked her daughter.
“Pretty uneventful,” Isabel replied as she sat down and started eating some cereal with milk for breakfast.
Mother looked at daughter and noticed something familiar but different.
“When were you going to tell me?” easygoing Jean asked.
Isabel was avoiding the subject like it was the plague.
“How did you know?”
Jean looked at her daughter like she was crazy.
“Remember, I did it a few times. Isabel Rose, what are you going to do?” the mother said, invoking her daughter’s first two names in times of mental duress. Not that her daughter had given her much trouble in life.  Until now.
The question was not so much an abortion directive as a one-way ticket out of West Valley.  Abortions did not exist in the Mitchell residence, witnessed by the family’s five children, and having a child out of wedlock with a Hebrew father from the other side of town would go nuclear if unattended.
“Paster Mike is not going to go for this,” the devoutly religious mother said to the daughter who had gone along with it her whole life.
Isabel kept eating her Lucky Charms cereal while Jean kept churning.
“Does he know?”
“Who, Paster Mike?” Isabel questioned.
“No, Peter,” Jean clarified, calling Pete by his given name instead of his preferred name, which was typical for most older people when he was growing up.
“No,” Isabel replied. “We haven’t talked since.”
“It might be time to let him go, Isabel Rose.”
Isabel was never one to give up, especially if that meant giving up on Pete.  She had been with other guys in college over the years but hadn’t experienced the emotional connection that she had with him.  
“You’re gonna’ go to Lake George to live with Aunt Bunny,” Jean stated while not-so-quietly buggin’ out. “You probably don’t know this but I went to live with Aunt Georgia when I was pregnant with you.” Jean never cursed but this was a different situation that frustrated her. “Your father couldn’t get his shit together so I left. Bunny had just been born and Georgia was happy to help.”
Aunt Georgia was Jean’s mother’s sister and Bunny was her first cousin, as generations of Miller’s had lived on the beauty of Lake George.  The Mitchell family would visit Upstate New York every summer and Georgia still gave George Mitchell shit each time he arrived.
“It’s good to see that you can make it, George. I was wondering if the family would come without you,” she would say every year.  Georgia had since passed away from the devastating impact that diabetes had on her box-a-day candy habit.  Bunny, whose real name was Beatrice, lived alone after her husband passed away and her kids moved away.  It was suspect whether Jean suggested the move on Isabel’s best interests or to help her first cousin.
Isabel agreed to the move in order to protect her parents and siblings from community scrutiny and shame.  She also wondered what it would be like having her own room after years of sharing everything. 
She nodded in agreement and Jean said, “I’ll call Bunny and make the arrangements.  I have some connections up there and they can get you a job at Lake George Medical.”
Isabel knew the value of getting out of Dodge before she started showing and people became aware of her bun in the oven.   
FIVE
Fifteen years had passed from the time Isabel gave birth to the arrival of the reunion initiation arrived in Isabel’s inbox.  She was all set to come down for the 10-year reunion, which was lightly attended, but she found out that Pete wasn’t coming so she bagged it.  There was a good chance she would have spilled the beans, but he had been married for several years and the news might have been difficult for him to completely accept.  He also would have wondered why she waited so long to tell him since his preference would have been to take care of her and the baby from the beginning.
Phoebe Chelsea Mitchell was born at Lake George Medical on March 24th at 8 pounds, 4 ounces.  The second Isabel saw her daughter she smiled because it was him in a female rapper.  She was a quiet and observant child growing up and earned the nickname ‘Skippy’ at the age four for her love of everything peanut butter.  
“It’s scary,” Jean said when visiting one year. 
“I know,” Isabel replied smiling at the similarities of personality between Phoebe and Pete. She looked like Isabel with her strawberry blonde hair, shining blue eyes and slender frame but the internal mechanisms were all Pete.    
Isabel was happy to put her daughter in the small community’s sports programs, with her daughter gravitating to three sports, volleyball – which was Isabel’s best – as well as tennis and basketball, which were Pete’s favorites.  These sports were played in the fall, winter, and spring, respectively, so the lack of conflicts gave her free reign to express her creative nature.
Having knowledge about the inner working of another person gave Isabel insight into academic areas of emphasis for her daughter.  Pete was a prolific writer and he was also good with numbers, so English and math were emphasized with great success.  
Meanwhile, Pete got married at the age of 30 to a Jewish woman named Sarah Levine, who he had an instant connection with.  Their bond went beyond merely a physical connection and Pete envisioned a relationship that would last for the rest of his life.  They talked about having kids one day and that’s why they eventually left the city and moved to the house on Long Island.  They were both 34 years old when they started trying to have a child.
Six months went by with no success, and then nine months and then a year.  Sarah went to her OBGYN every three months during the unsuccessful pregnancy attempts.  It got to the point that they were starting to consider other options, including fertility drugs and further down the road adoption.  But that all changed one Saturday morning when Sara, with Pete in tow, went to see the usual energetic and upbeat Dr. Porter.  She had just completed her examination of Sarah and threw in a couple of extra scans just to make sure.
The two sat down in her office after Sarah got dressed and had a woman-to-woman chat before inviting Pete into the conversation.
“It can take women longer than usual to both conceive and deliver their first babies, so I wasn’t concerned the first six-to-nine months, but…”
The word ‘but’ hung out there like an ominous dark cloud that would change everything.
Dr. Porter continued, “but now as medical professionals we have to consider other factors that might adversely influencing your ability to conceive. Before I wanted to weigh fertility factors such as the viability of your eggs, since you are 35, or the strength of your husband’s sperm at 35 as well, I wanted to take a look at what else could be at play.”
While the good doctor had worked on her ability to separate her emotions from her patients in her 25 years of gynecological practice, this was one conversation that was both out of the ordinary and would leave her downing almost an entire bottle of wine by day’s end.
“So I did some scans, and what I found were several masses around the ovaries and related areas of your lower body,” she stated without hesitation.
The word ‘masses’ struck Sarah across the face as it would her husband a few minutes later when he was ushered into the room.  His concern quickly shifted from producing life to saving preserving his wife’s life.
Dr. Porter repeated her words a few minutes earlier, “I have an oncology colleague that I would like you to go see.”
Pete asked, “Are you talking about cancer?”
The word was shocking and so was the actual disease.
“Yes, and that’s why I want you to see Dr. Young as soon as possible,” Porter replied.
“Will she need an operation?” Pete inquired.
“Most likely,” Porter replied.
Sarah was quietly crying when she spoke for the first time since the conversation began.  She was in shock.
“We’re not going to have a baby, are we? I knew it.”
Dr. Porter paused and then said, “Most likely natural childbirth will no longer be an option. But I would suggest taking on one thing at a time. You have to simply focus on staying well right now.”
Porter had seen that type of cancer on several occasions and new the prognosis usually wasn’t optimistic.  It all depended on if the tumors were malignant or benign and how far the cancer had spread.  At 35, she figured that Sarah would obviously have a healthy life expectancy of the masses were benign, but if they were malignant then three-to-five-years would be it.
SIX
Meanwhile, in Lake George, Isabel life had remained a steady diet of work at the hospital, where she was now in administration as head of the nursing program, and her Tween daughter Phoebe, who appeared to be growing with each passing day.  Phoebe was now 12 and Isabel 36, and the two of them remained close especially after Aunt Bunny’s death the previous year.  Isabel inherited the house for the time being until Phoebe went to college and then it would be distributed to Bunny’s good-for-nothing children, who would certainly sell it for profit.
It had been a difficult last year for Isabel who had spent her life depending on the strength of her body and coordination.  What had started with dropping pens at work progressed to dishes, cups, and other assorted household items, which led her to the physical therapy unit of her hospital.
After a month of physical therapy, which produced little or no improvement, the hospital’s chief of staff, Dr. Martin Wheeler, sat down with Isabel with started as their usual Friday morning conversation about the state of affairs of the hospital.
Isabel had been a joy to work with and was one of the most highly respected members of the hospital’s staff.  So Wheeler took great care in saying what had to be said.
“So are the new group of nursed settling in?” he asked.
“Yes, so far. It’s the usual issues, but we’re breaking them.”
“How’s Phoebe doing? I heard she is dominating every season at the middle school.”
Isabel smiled, “Yeah, she is something.
And then the doctor switched gears after the wheels were properly greased.
“Which makes this all the more difficult to say. I think you have ALS, Izzy.”
Isabel barely blinked, since she had known for some time that she was in the throes of the incurable and fatal, Lou Gehrig’s disease. 
“How long do you think I have?” she asked.
“When did this all start?” Dr. Wheeler asked, trying to buy some time.
“A little over a year ago.”
“A couple of years,” he replied. “You’re going to have to get some help at some point, and that day should probably be sooner than later.”
“I’ll start to look for my replacement,” Isabel replied.
“No, I mean at home,” Wheeler countered. “I want you to work here for as long as you can go, given that your job is no longer so physical and labor intensive. My promise to you is that we take care of our own and will support you in any way possible.”
Isabel smiled, even in the face of such a grim outlook, “I appreciate that.”
They both stood up and then hugged, which was a rare display of affection from the low-key doctor.  He had become so desensitized over the years that his mannerisms and socializing had become formulaic and robotic in nature.  But not on this day.
“God’s speed, Isabel.”
“Thanks, Dr. Wheeler,” she replied as they broke the hug and made very human eye contact.    
Isabel knew before the conversation that ALS was terminal within five years for 80% of the patients.  She had seen the debilitating impacts of the disease firsthand with several patients under her care.  
“Your great grandfather had it on your father’s side,” Jean Mitchell told her daughter.  Jean becoming a widow a few years earlier when her husband died of a massive coronary. “That side of the family is less healthy than my side, with the exception of Bunny and her mom.”
Isabel was never one to ask for help, but Jean filled in the gaps.
“They’ve been offering me early retirement at work with full benefits, so I think I’m gonna’ take it. Your brothers and sisters are gone and your father is bowling with the angels, so I’ll be up there in a few days once I close up the house and arrange for Christina to take care of things here.”
Christina was a family friend who lived two doors down.  She had been out of work for months and would welcome the added responsibility and income. 
“We should get Phoebe tested when I get there. Just to make sure.”
Isabel smiled, “I already made the appointment. She will be happy to see you.”
SEVEN
Phoebe’s DNA showed no markers of the ALS gene, which was a great relief to both Isabel and her mother.  The remained together as a trio for the next two years through mostly thin, not thick.  Isabel was bound to a motorized chair and then her bed as time wore on and the conversations grew shorter but no less deep.
They had avoided the discussion about Phoebe for the better part of 18 months but had recently included Phoebe in on discussions about her father.
Before Phoebe entered the room Jean said, “I still can’t take her home to West Valley. Paster Mike is already suspicious to my whereabouts, so I told him that I had to take care of relative for a while. We still do prayer sessions over the phone.” She shifted gears, “You got an invitation for your 20th reunion.” 
Isabel rolled her eyes and looked at her mother as only she could.
“Him,” she simply replied as Phoebe strolled into the room.
“Him, who?” she asked, although she hadn’t inquired once about what would happen to her once her mother was gone. That didn’t matter to her as much as staying in the moment.  At 15 and a high school freshman, she was playing all varsity sports and excelling, although she opted out of tennis for the spring season so that she could spend all of her free time with Isabel.
Isabel nodded to Jean that it was finally time to talk about it.  Jean stood up, turned the TV on and then popped in a tape.
Isabel smiled as much as she could as she looked at her daughter. She was a few months from the end of her life and things had to be said and set in motion before it was too late.  She loved her mom but didn’t respect her decision of church over family all these years, but in the end she preferred the direction it was going instead.
A healthier and upright version of Isabel came on the screen, which brought tears to Phoebe’s eyes.  She had gotten so use to the disabled Isabel, that her healthy self was a distant memory.  But it was a keepsake that helped her transition from one phase of life to the other once it was digitized.
“Hey, Phoebe’s! You’re old enough now that I can tell you about your father. There’s obviously a reason that you are saw extraordinary, and that comes from having two special parents. And then Pete’s picture came on the screen and was followed by some videos of him playing basketball. Finally, in that moment, everything made sense to Phoebe.
“He was… he is a special man,” Jean stated. “Your mother loved him more than I’ve ever seen anyone love another human being.”
Phoebe might have lived in Upstate New York her entire life but she was a straight shooter like her father.
“Then why isn’t he here?”
Phoebe was looking at Isabel and then Isabel looked toward Jean, so then she repeated the question to her grandma.’
“Why isn’t he here, grandma’?”
“Because I wouldn’t allow it,” Jean stated. “I wouldn’t let your mom tell him.”
“Because the church wouldn’t allow it?” she asked, almost mocking her elder.
Jean nodded, “Because the church wouldn’t allow it.”
“So why now?” Phoebe asked.
Isabel looked at her mother.
“His wife died last week,” Jean said. “Your mom wants you to meet him.”
“I’m not going anywhere. I’m staying here with mom!” Phoebe exclaimed.
“When the time is right, you will meet him,” was all that Jean said in return.
Phoebe felt a level of calmness she had not previously experienced, as if a piece of her that had been missing was now in place.  She put her father aside for the next two months and focused solely on Isabel until the day she stopped breathing.  She kissed her mom’s forehead and went to her room to pack her clothing and possessions as the men from the funeral home came and took her away.  A few days later she and Jean were on the road back to West Valley with an ashy Isabel in tow.
EIGHT
Pete hadn’t slept for what seemed like a year but it was probably longer.  He worked day after day until Sarah needed him near the end.  His life was not about fun, it was about taking care of his wife who was dying of incurable cancer.  She would quietly pass away with Pete holding her hand in the early morning hours with spring on the doorstep.
He put the reunion invitation aside for a month while his body rested in a veritable cocoon.  Pete decided to take a leave from work despite people being really supportive of his plight.  His life now lacked purpose and when he finally arose from his slumber, the direction of his life was not so apparent.
But the one thing he craved for was familiarity, to be with people he knew and who knew him as well.  And even though he was trying to stay away from everything West Valley High School even though he lived in the town, some cosmic force told him that the reunion was a must-attend event.  Normally he would blow-off such a gathering just like he did 10 years earlier, he needed to get the fuck out of the house and keep drinking until he couldn’t drink beers no more.  Of course, his nickname of ‘The Sponge’ in college alluded to the fact that he could absorb as many beers as he downed.  
So he went on the site where a list of attendees was kept and he searched for the people he really wanted to see, including his high school and college girlfriend, Isabel Mitchell.  His junior year girlfriend Ursula Janis was not on the list as the beginning of June, a fact he knew would make Isabel happy.  He signed up and was immediately added to the list of attendees, which drew an immediate reaction from Jean Mitchell.
“He’s coming!” she exclaimed as both Isabel and Phoebe smiled, Isabel holding on for that conformation and then fading in the days ahead.
The invitation read, ‘Semi-formal attire preferred for the party’ so Pete could easily conform by wearing one of his five suits extra-long suits that he purchased at SYMS. The hotel was 20 minutes away from his house and he had reserved a suite in case some of his classmates needed a place to crash.  Because they always needed a place to crash.
Pete had been changing his lifestyle since coming out of the sleep pod with alterations that included meditation, yoga, and tai chi, which was a departure from his usual cardio pounding and training for sports.  He had always been calmer than most people and this more fluid way of life definitely enhanced his tasty life buzz and made him even more reflective.
On the day of the reunion he arrived just after noon, checked into his room, and then joined some of his male classmates for a round of scheduled lunch and golf.  There was drinking as well, and the banter was great but the golf was at best mediocre.  This time gave meet a moment to readjust and alleviate much of the awkwardness to reintroduce himself to people he knew years earlier.  It also got most of the condolence portion of the day out of the way, as classmates offered support that made him feel loved for the first time in a long time.
Pete finished the round at the 15th hole with his foursome and they headed back once they were out of beer.  It was 3:15 p.m. and the reunion was scheduled to start at 7:00 p.m., so he went back to his room and passed out on his bed for a couple of hours when he awoke at 5:30 p.m. and hit the shower the start getting ready for a memorable evening.
It was also 3:00 p.m. when Jean, Phoebe and the ashes of Isabel Mitchell started the journey from Lake George to the outskirts of West Valley.  The three-hour drive was made into a slightly longer adventure due to Jean’s cautious driving in the right lane as well as he shrinking bladder.  They pulled into the hotel at 6:45 p.m. when the sun was just started to set in the picturesque blue sky.  Phoebe emerged out of the sensible Dodge Caravan, looked at the flecks of orange and red in the sky and knew that good things were coming.  Pete had also noticed the beautiful sunset when he put on his dress shirt and smiled, since he was a huge weather omen believer.
“You have my number if you need to call me,” Jean said. “Please tell me later what happened. I’ll wait up for your call.”
Of course Jean had no Plan B in case things didn’t work out with Pete and Phoebe.  She knew Pete really well and had always respected his care for not breaking his daughter’s heart.  He had always been a thoughtful and responsible person who she now trusted with her granddaughter’s life.  After all, she had trusted him with her daughter’s life and he didn’t disappoint.
Jean might have been a few cards short of a full deck because she did not reserve a room for Phoebe.  She basically let her off at the curb and then let the 15-year-old, who had never been outside of Upstate New York, fend for herself.  Phoebe calmly rolled her two large suitcases into the hotel and walked confidently with her duffel bag and backpack around her shoulders.  It was all of her worldly possessions in one spot, which would have been weird if their wasn’t an ultimate goal to her visit.  Her mind always worked in a problem-solution way, which was similar to Pete’s way of thinking as well.
She assessed her options and decided to walk through the elevator bank and to a quiet area away from the front desk and the bar area.  Phoebe was wearing a nice violet dress that her grandmother had picked out for her months earlier.  Jean made sure to get a bigger size at the time, just as she had done for Isabel, because they both were growing so much all the time.  At 15, Phoebe was 5’10” and her babyface belied her youth.
She sat there for five minutes when a waiter came up to her and said, “Can I get you something to drink?”
Phoebe innocently answered, “I’ll have a Coke, please,” not realizing that money or a room number would be needed to pay for the item. Jean had given her $20 but mom had put $50,000 in a West Valley Citibank for Phoebe’s college fund fully knowing that she wouldn’t need it.  Isabel knew that Pete would take care of Phoebe and she would probably get a full athletic scholarship to the college of her choice just as she and Pete had done.    
NINE
Pete finished getting dressed, checked the straightness of his tie one more time and then left his suite.  He had the distinct feeling that things would be different when he returned.  That life would turn in ways that he couldn’t imagine.  Pete rode elevator to the main floor and then assessed the situation and decided to turn right and keep walking away from the front desk and the bar to a quiet area.
He watched as a waiter walked toward a female, but he couldn’t initially determine whether the person was a girl or a woman.  Pete assumed it was a woman, being that he was at his high school’s reunion, but wasn’t sure as he walked closer.  He surmised it was Isabel as he watched a waiter walk toward her and deliver a drink.  The choice of beverage confused him since Coke had been his beverage of choice and she always drank 7Up or Sprite.
He thought, “Maybe she had grown to appreciate rum and Coke, a drink that he couldn’t imagine anyone warming up to unless the ratio was 80% Coke with a splash of rum.
“That will be $4,” the waiter said, “Would you like to charge that to your room?”
Pete walked up and joined the conversation, realizing that it wasn’t Isabel, but it didn’t matter since chivalry was never dead.
“You can charge that to room 424, please,” he said to the waiter.
“Very good, sir. Can I get you anything?”
His first inclination was to order a beer but that’s not the way he went, “Can I get a seltzer with a twist of lime, and can you bring the young lady a Shirley Temple? Are you hungry?” he asked Phoebe.
“Yes,” she replied.
“And an order of chicken fingers and French fries for the lady.”
The waiter smiled, “I’ll put that right in.”
“Thanks,” Phoebe said. “You look nice.”
“You’re very welcome,” Pete said and then he extended his right hand, “I’m Pete. Pete Berman,” knowing that something was up and this girl was comfortably familiar.  He immediately thought that she must be Isabel’s daughter, but her personality was very interesting.
Isabel stood up and Pete watched her unfold, “I’m Phoebe,” and that’s all she said.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Phoebe,” as he pulled out her chair and helped her sit back down.
He sat across from her as the people started arriving in waves for the reunion on the other side of the floor.  But Phoebe and Pete focused on each other and not the raucous reintroductions.
Pete noticed her abundance of luggage and asked, “Are you going somewhere?”
Phoebe took a sip of her Coke and replied, “I hope so.”
Pete had the next question teed up, which was “Is your mom here,” but for some reason he backed off it.
“How old are you?” he asked instead.
“I just turned 15 in March, so I guess I’m like 15-and-a-quarter,” Phoebe replied, which initially piqued his interest because that’s the way he often liked at things.  He then started doing some math in his head from the last time he was with Isabel and the arithmetic checked out.
“She really loved you,” Phoebe stated as there was no innuendo with these two.
“And I really loved her,” he replied without hesitation.
“My grandma’ wouldn’t let her tell you about me because Pastor Mike wouldn’t have liked it.”
“Ah, Pastor Mike!” Pete exclaimed. “Where have you been all these years?”
“Lake George,” Phoebe replied as she slurped down the rest of her Coke.
“With Aunt Bunny!” Pete remembered.
“Yes, but she died, too,” Phoebe replied, as the waiter came over with the pink Shirley Temple and a plate of delectable fried food fit for a teen.
The word ‘too’ hung around in the air for a few seconds as the waiter handed Pete a black folio and he signed for the drinks and food and left the guy a $20, which was more than the actual bill.
He handed it back to the guy and he said, “Thanks, Mr. Berman!” as he walked away.
“Why did he thank you?” Phoebe asked between munches. She was obviously quite hungry after only eating a small bag of chips and a granola bar on the way down.
“Because I gave him a tip.”
“What’s a tip?” sheltered Phoebe inquired.
“So let’s say you go to a restaurant and order chicken fingers and French fries and it cost $12.  And you also get a couple of drinks and they cost $8.  So then you’re at $20, right?”
“Right,’ Phoebe replied.
“So there is a person who asks you what you want to order and then brings you that order, so it’s customary to give that person a tip for that service.  For their hard work. You appreciate their hard work, standing on their feet and carrying heavy plates and glasses at times.”
“How much did you give him?” she asked as she nodded in understanding.
“Well, usually I give about 20% of the total bill, which would have been…”
Phoebe thought and then replied, “$4!”
“Excellent. But I gave him a $20 tip because I thought he needed it more than me.”
Phoebe nodded as she continued to steadily consumer her dinner. “I’m sorry your wife died. Did she have ALS, too?”
What was left of Pete’s heart shattered into a thousand pieces.  He started softly crying and Phoebe didn’t notice at first until she stopped chewing.  She ate as quickly as Pete, like it was a race to finish everything on her plate in the most efficient manner.
He looked up at her after bowing his head, as the devastation of losing the only other person he really loved in his life set in.  Pete also realized that he had not been there for the first 15 years of his daughter’s life, and that was difficult to process that loss as well.
“No, she died of cancer,” he said as Phoebe handed him her somewhat soiled napkin.
Phoebe stopped eating for a few moments and just observed the human condition.  Then her curiosity got the best of her.
“Do you have any kids?”
Pete dried his eyes and now and took a breath as he smiled, “I do now.” Then he asked, “Do you have a father?”
She smiled, “I do now,” and then went on to devour her meal.
“Hey, so what is your opinion about this reunion?” he asked.
“Well, it looks like it would be fun, but I really only came here to meet you.”
“I’ll leave it up to you,” Pete stated. “I have a suite in the hotel, or we can go to Carvel to get some soft-serve ice cream with awesome chocolate crunch and then go home.”
“I like ice cream,” she said as they stood up.
“Chocolate or vanilla?” he asked as he took control of her luggage.
“I like to mix them.”
“Have you ever tried to put peanut butter in ice cream?” he asked.
“Wow, you just blew my mind!” she exclaimed.
Pete pressed the elevator button so he could collect his things.
“Did you mom tell you about how much I love peanut butter and how much she loved jelly?”
“Yeah, but I eat peanut butter every day for lunch,” she replied.
“I make my own peanut butter now,” he said and she beamed. “You can even put chocolate chips in there if you want,” he added as the elevator doors closed and some of his classmates walked buying thinking they saw Pete Berman and Isabel Mitchell standing in the elevator together. It became the buzz of the reunion until Pete posted a picture of he and Phoebe in the elevator with the caption, “Just hanging out with my daughter at the WVHS reunion!”
They went upstairs and then he checked out at the front desk of the hotel before leaving.  He started walking toward the right and asked her, “Which one do you think is my car?”
She scanned the lot and then focused on a cherry red Ford Mustang GT convertible with a black top.
She pointed, “I hope it’s that one!”
Pete removed the key from his jacket and unlocked the doors and popped open the trunk.
“Cool!” she excitedly said.
“Let me put the top down,” he said as he sat in the driver’s seat and did just that.
He put the smaller items in the trunk and the suitcases stacked in the back seat.
She sat in the passenger seat and locked behind her, “That’s the smallest back seat I have ever seen!”
Pete turned on the car and the eight-cylinder engine roared.
“This car is just for the two of us.”
“We both have such long legs.”
Pete smiled,
“Hey, do you like dogs?”
“Yes, I love dogs,” he replied.
“We couldn’t get one because my mom was allergic.”
“She used to like my dog,” Pete countered. “He was a Weimaraner who didn’t shed or have a lot of hair.”
Before Pete put the car in park he showed Phoebe a picture of the breed on his phone.
“Yes, that dog is very cool!”
“Then we’ll get one,” Pete replied as Phoebe smiled with extreme joy. “Can you dial your grandma’s number on my phone?”
Phoebe did just that and Jean answered in a few rings as Pete started driving out of the hotel’s parking lot.
“Hello.”
“Hi, Mrs. M, it’s Pete…” and then he looked over at his daughter and she yelled “Phoebe!”
“Oh, hi guys! She’s pretty special, isn’t she?” Jean replied.
“Yes!” Pete said. “Looks like Izzy and thinks like me.”
“I know! It is uncanny.”
“Well, we left the reunion, since we already reunited, and now we’re headed home after making one quick stop. Now that you know this is my number, I’ll text you my address and we’ll stay in touch. Thank you for bringing this special lady to me and for bringing Izzy into the world to make us all better.”
“Ah, the pleasure is mine, Peter. Have fun kids!”
And they hung up after saying goodbyes.
“Thanks for not telling her about the ice cream. She only let me have that on special occasions,” Phoebe said.
“Well it is a special occasion! Every day will be special for us now!” he said as they bumped fists in the middle.
“I hear you were pretty good at basketball,” she said, just as they approached the entrance ramp of the parkway.
“Yeah, I could play.”
“You think you’re as good as me?” she asked.
Pete smiled, “I have a court in my backyard, so we can find out tomorrow.”
They both laughed as she sat back and let the breeze flow through her strawberry blonde hair.  Phoebe felt relaxed for the first time in months, maybe a few years, as the past had broken her heart but the future was now wide open for infinite love and exciting possibilities.
TEN
	They slept late the next day, Phoebe preferring to sleep in the vacant right side of Pete’s king-sized bed.  She was a lefty like her mom and preferred to sleep on her right side, and Pete was a righty and preferred to sleep on his left side, so it all worked out.
It was a three-bedroom ranch house, so Pete asked Phoebe at breakfast, where they ate bagels, cream cheese and scrambled eggs with cheese, about which other bedroom she preferred.
“I like the one across the hall from you, because it’s close to both you and the bathroom.”
“Okay,” Pete replied, since he had his own bathroom within the confines of his bedroom, then we have to do a couple of things today. As fat would have it, I was already in touch with a breeder and she wanted me to swing by and pick up a dog.”
“A Weimie?” Phoebe squealed.
“Yes, a Weimie!” Pete replied. “Then we have to get you a bed and anything else you want for your room.”
“Cool! Can we go look at the school tomorrow?” she asked.
“Yes, that was on my list as well,” Pete stated.
“These bagels are a lot better than the ones they have in Lake George,” she observed.
“Were those frozen?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she replied. “I bet these aren’t.”
“No they aren’t. I’ll take you over to the bagel place on our way out and you can see how they make them,” Pete stated. “And we can get more!”
Phoebe smiled and nodded as they continued to share a brain and anticipate each other’s thoughts.
“Boy or girl?” Pete asked as they stood in the backyard of breeder Mindy Verone’s house. 
And before Phoebe could replied she saw a puppy running toward her, all ears flopping and long legs galloping, and she bent over and the dog jumped in her arms and they played on the ground. 
After the fun she looked at Pete and said, “This one.”
Pete nodded at the selection. Mindy said, “That’s an excellent choice.” He paid for the dog and then signed some AKC paperwork and receiving a collar, leash, and some food.
 Phoebe carried the dog to the car and then put her on her lap.
“I’m thinking of a name,” she said.
“Well, if it helps at all, she is a girl,” Pete stated.
“Yes, that helps!” Phoebe replied as she blushed. “Well, I really like the show Veronica Mars, so can we call her Veronica?”
“Of course! I like that show, too. With Ronnie as a nickname.”
“Veronica Mars Berman,” Phoebe stated. “It sounds great.”
“Yeah, I like it!” Pete exclaimed as they buckled up and drove to their next destination.
“Can I ask you a question?” Phoebe said.
“Yes, and you can always ask me any question you want,” Pete replied, since he didn’t need to be prepped for queries.
“Would it be possible to change my name?”
That was a deep question from a 15-year-old, Pete thought. “What, do you want to change your name to Veronica as well?”
“No, I mean my last name,” Phoebe clarified.
Pete thought for a moment and then asked, “What is your middle name?”
“Christine,” she replied, “but I don’t like it. It sounds like Catholic.”
“Are you into religion?” Pete asked.
“No, I have an open mind. You are Jewish, right?”
“Yep,” Pete replied. “If you think the bagels are good I can take you to this place that has the best knishes.”
Phoebe laughed, “That’s a funny name, knishes!”
“You won’t be laughing after you eat one. It’s the softest dough wrapped in what takes like the best mashed potatoes you’ve ever eaten,” Pete explained.
Phoebe smiled, “That sounds good!”
“I’ll have to give you the whole Long Island culinary, which means food, education. We’ll get some pizza for lunch.”
“Yes, please!” Phoebe laughed as Ronnie licked her face.
“How does Phoebe Mitchell Berman sound? We don’t want to forget we you came from.”
Phoebe nodded in approval, “That sounds perfect. Thanks, dad.”
Pete smiled, “You’re quite welcome, daughter.”
ELEVEN
“I think Ronnie would appreciate a harness a lot more than a choke collar,” Pete said as the duo perused PetSmart for some items for their new dog, who had lost her mind like a kid in a candy store.
“I agree,” Phoebe concurred.
“In my experience, Weimie’s like to chew, so we have to get a wide assortment of bones and chew toys so she doesn’t start chomping on our sneakers.” 
Phoebe was holding the leash and Veronica followed her everywhere.
They ordered her a queen-sized bed, because Pete knew she would both need and appreciate the room, and that was going to arrive on Tuesday.  She also picked out some others things for her room and then they went to West Valley Pizza and picked up a pie, which they shared on the restaurant’s patio.
“Holy moly!” Phoebe exclaimed. “That’s what pizza tastes like?”
Pete smiled, “Yeah. Once you have this everything else takes like dough, cheese and bad sauce.”
She pulled off a piece of cheese and fed it to Ronnie, who was delicate with the bite and excited to eat something else than dog food.
“That court in the backyard looks pretty new,” Phoebe said. “When did you put it in?”
“Last month. I went to basketballhoops.com and got the glass backboard and then contracted a local construction guy to put in the court. I find it very relaxing to shoot hoops.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“I assume you also play volleyball,” Pete suggested.
“Yep, and tennis too,” Phoebe said.
“Now your talking! I had a basketball scholarship in college and also played tennis my last two years.”
“Cool! It’s on like Donkey Kong!” Phoebe joked.
“And she watches American Pie!” Pete joked. “How about school?”
“How about it?” Phoebe joked. “No, I like to write and I’m good with numbers.”
“Me, too!” Pete exclaimed. 
“Can you show me some of the stuff you have written?” Phoebe asked.
“I’ve written a few books,” Pete replied. “Maybe some stuff that you would like.”
Phoebe nodded in approval as they both finished their second slices and seamlessly proceeded to the third.
“Maybe you can show me some of the stuff that you have written.”
Phoebe nodded, “I think that can be arranged. What do you do for work?”
“I work on Wall Street, but I don’t I’m going to continue doing that.”
“Why not?”
“Life has changed and I have to adjust to it. A whole new chapter is beginning in both of our lives and the best thing we can do is embrace it.”
“Makes sense. Do you think you’ll ever get married again?” Phoebe asked since she lived the first 15 years with only a mother and now she was staring year 16 with only a father. Not that she was looking to replace her mom, but she observed so many times the interaction with her friends and their parents and she wanted that as well.
“I’m still grieving but I am a further believer in love. Love is what guides and motivates us. So, I would say, that a wife and a mom would be in play at some point down the road. Whatever will happen is already destined to happen, so we have to simply have faith that things will wind up as they are supposed to be.”
Three slices down and one to go, “That’s an interesting point of view. Do you mind if I keep that?”
“Be my guest,” Pete said as he smiled and petted Ronnie with his left hand while consuming the folded pizza in his right hand. “Oh yeah, and you have to fold the pizza when eating.”
“Like this?” Phoebe asked. 
“Exactly!” Pete affirmed.
“That’s much easier than eating it flat or using a for and knife!” Phoebe cheered.
“We don’t eat pizza with a fork and knife, unless it’s ziti pizza or Chicago-style pizza, which is really thick.”
“Ziti pizza?” Phoebe’s eyes widened.
“Yeah, they put baked ziti on top of a pizza. I wanted to work that into the rotation slowly after meatball hero’s and lasagna.”
“Wow! It’s like a food wonderland!”
“We’ll stop and get some knishes tomorrow. The place is closed today,” Pete explained.
“After we go to the high school?”
“Yes, after we go the Launching Pad, home of the West Valley Rockets!” Pete replied. 
TWELVE
 “I didn’t realize you had a bigger car, too,” Phoebe said when Pete opened the garage.
“Mustang for good weather and clear roads, Subie for everything else,” he said referring to his Subaru Forester. 
“You know I can get a learner’s permit this year,” Phoebe said trying to plant a seed in her father’s head.
She had a backpack on and she brought it into the front seat with her, Ronnie’s head poking out of the top.  She was a true Weimaraner as a full part of the family who wanted to be included in everything.
“You don’t have to plant seeds with me,” Pete said. “Are you ready to drive today in the parking lot of the school?”
“I didn’t think it would be today,” Phoebe said.
“This is the big difference between place they call New York up there and the one we have here. If you say something here you have to expect to back it up on the spot.”
Phoebe still looked apprehensive.
“I would never put you in a situation that anything bad would happen to you. I’d rather take the pain myself than give it to you, Phoebe’s.”
She nodded, “I hear you, dad.”
And Ronnie liked Phoebe’s face to say she would never let anyone harm her either.  Phoebe felt loved.  She had always felt loved.  That was the biggest gift in her sorted life to have such a strong foundation of love and support.
Pete usually parked in the back of the school because that’s where he could directly access the gym, but on this morning he started with the front of the school and the main office.  He easily parked the ‘Stang in a space around the main circle since there were no other cars in the area.  They walked into the school, Ronnie still poking her head out of the backpack that was now placed firmly on Phoebe’s back and passed a stone parking that read 1960.
Pete held the front door open for his daughter and he guided her immediately to the left and the main office.  Principal Berry’s secretary worked every day of the year, whether school was in session or not, taking one week a year to visit her sister in Orlando on Winter Break.
“May I help you?” she asked and then stood up.  There weren’t many people who were Pete’s size in the history of the school, so she immediately shrieked, “Peter Berman!” and came from behind the long desk and gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek, which she then wiped the remnants of her bright red lipstick off his cheek.
“Hi, Mrs. Morris!” he exclaimed.
And then he looked at Phoebe and back at Pete and he said, “This is my daughter, Phoebe! Phoebe Mitchell Berman.”
Morris knew exactly what had happened to both Pete’s wife and Isabel and was happy to see a rainbow in a relatively grim scenario.
“It’s great to meet you, Phoebe,” she said and then put her arm around Phoebe, “If you’re anything like this guy, this place is about to light up like a Christmas tree again!”
Principal Berry wrapped up a call and then immediately came out when he saw the familiar faces.
“Pete!” he exclaimed and the two men shook hands and hugged, “Boy am I glad to see you!”
“And who do we have here?” the longtime administrator asked fully knowing who was in front of him. 	
“I’m Phoebe. Phoebe Mitchell Berman,” she said and they shook hands.
“Principal Marlon Berry,” the head man stated. He looked at her height and licked his chops, since the most of the teams, with the exception of boy’s lacrosse and baseball, and girl’s field hockey, had sported losing records for decades.
“What year are you going into, Phoebe?”
“I’m 15 years old and I’ll be a sophomore next year.”
“That’s great news!” Berry exclaimed. “It just so happens that our guidance counselor is in today, so why don’t you two stroll over there while Pete and I catch up.”
“Thank you,” Phoebe said as she and Anita Morris walked down the hall and Morris stayed with her as they talked to counselor Grace Rawlings.
Pete walked into the principal’s office and Berry closed the door behind him.
“Have a seat,” Berry said and then sat in the seat next to Pete instead of ominously being perched behind his desk.
“I can’t believe you came in here today!” Berry said like an old friend. “I just got off the phone with Coach Terry and he said he was retiring.”
Donald Terry was Pete’s high school basketball coach who got promoted to athletic director after Pete led his team to the division championship and captivated the town.  Terry had also been the school’s varsity basketball coach for the past 22 years, although after compiling a 26-6 record in Pete’s two seasons, his record was a mediocre 100-220 record the last 20 years.
“I was sorry to hear about your wife and then Isabel. Did you know about Phoebe?”
“I went to the reunion the other night and she was there. Isabel never told me, but it is the biggest blessing of my life.”
“Wow, that is amazing! Are you still working on Wall Street?” Berry asked.
“No, I’ve been trying to figure out next steps,” Pete replied.
“You have a master’s degree, right?”
“Yes, I have an MBA.”
“This might sound crazy but what would you say if I offered you everything Coach Terry was doing? Instead of health education you should teach an Intro to Business class while being athletic director and coaching the varsity basketball team.”
Pete was a hyper-productive person who required a high level of stimulus to maintain equilibrium.
“I’ll do it if you let me coach the girls’ varsity basketball and tennis teams as well. She plays volleyball, basketball and tennis.”
The principal got a chill down his spine and replied, “Of course she does.” Berry stood up and said, “Deal! I’ll get school board approval by the end of the week and you can come back in here and sign some paperwork.”
“What’s the salary?” Pete asked.
“$110,000 and change to teach and be athletic director and another $1,000 to coach each sport.”
Pete nodded, “Okay,” since he had made a nice sum of money and it was time to give back.
They were shaking hands and smiling until Berry said, “But there is one thing.”
Pete smirked and nodded, indicating that the principal had the open floor as usual.
“You’re going to have to tell Miss McGuire that she’s no longer coaching the basketball and tennis teams.”
“Is she a good coach and what subject does she teach?” Pete asked, hoping Berry said ‘English.’
“She’s a recent addition to our Hall of Fame from the class of ’91 when she played volleyball, basketball, and tennis. She’s also one of our best English teachers.  Patricia McGuire went to Marist on a basketball scholarship and she probably could have qualified for an academic scholarship as well.”
“Could she be my assistant for basketball and tennis and we’ll either split the money or she can have it all, based on our conversation?”
“Sure,” Berry replied. “That’s entirely up to you, Pete,” Berry stated and they shook hands again. “I’m so happy you came in today.”
“Me, too,” Pete he agreed to come in on Friday to sign some papers.
Pete shook his head in disbelief at the series of events over the past few days that had transformed his life from a black hole where he was lost to a sunny day where he could see clearly for miles.  He walked out of the office and looked to his left, where Phoebe and Mrs. Morris were walking, talking, and laughing like a couple of old friends.
“We’re going to import her transcript, but it sounds like she’s going to be on the AP track next fall,” Morris said to Pete and then said to Phoebe, “It was nice to meet you, and you,” she said to Ronnie as she petted her head.
“Thanks, Mrs. Morris!” Phoebe exclaimed as they walked past the office once Mrs. Morris walked in.
“You want a tour?” Pete asked.
“Definitely!” an excited Phoebe replied.
They started walking away from the office and down the hall as an audible scream of joy could be heard from the office from Morris and Berry.
“Are they okay?” Phoebe asked as she stopped walking for a moment.
Pete smiled, “They’re just happy. I’ll tell you about it in a minute.”
They walked down the hallway and then made a left turn, away from a door in front of them that led to the outdoor fields and courts toward Pete’s house, the gymnasium.  The hallway was lined on both sides with pictures of athletes that had been inducted into the school’s Hall of Fame.  Phoebe stopped in front of the boy’s side of the gym and turned to see a picture of Pete and then a picture of her mother in a volleyball uniform.
“Wow!” Phoebe exclaimed. 
They walked into the gym, Phoebe first and then Pete as the smell of the pungent smell of the gym hit his nostrils and he imagined the Launching Pad full and rockin’ once again.  Pete noticed a tennis ball near the bleachers and he picked it up and handed it to Phoebe, who let Veronica out of her backpack and threw the ball and the dog chased and then proudly jogged it back.
After a few minutes of fetch Veronica grew tired, so they all sat under the basket with the pooch in Phoebe’s lap.
“I just had a talk with the principal and he offered me a job. Well, several jobs.”
“Will you get to bring Ronnie to work?” the teen asked.
“I hadn’t thought of that, but I guess we can register her as an emotional support animal,” Pete replied. “My coach from high school just retired as boys’ varsity basketball coach, athletic director and teaching as well. So the principal offered me those things as well as teaching Intro to Business classes. But I also asked to coach the girls’ varsity basketball and tennis teams and he agreed. The only thing is that we’re gonna’ have to talk to the current coach, Miss McGuire, and work that out. She’s also the volleyball coach, so her picture should be somewhere in the hallway as well.”
“Yes!” Phoebe exclaimed and then stood up and started dancing, “You’re gonna’ do it, right?”
Pete stood up and Phoebe slid Ronnie in her backpack, “You won’t mind having me around all the time?”
“Are you kidding me?” Phoebe yelled. “It’s awesome!”
They hugged and went out into the hallway on the girls’ side of the gym and there was a picture of Patty McGuire straight ahead.  Phoebe looked at the picture and then at her father as both of them saw the action in slo-motion.
“She’s very tall and blonde,” Phoebe stated.
Pete’s left eyebrow raised, “Yes, she is. And she also teaches AP English.”
“Cool. When do get to meet her?” Phoebe said.
“I’ll get her info on the way out,” Pete replied as they left the gym and then the school after getting the digits for Mrs. Morris, who was waiting for them outside the office with a piece of paper with McGuire’s name and number written on it.
THIRTEEN
 Pete was susceptible to overthinking at times, especially when there was time and space between events.  So he decided to take the antidote for such occasions by springing into action.  He texted Patty McGuire instead of calling her because he figured the awkwardness of a call could and should be avoided at all costs in this situation.
“Hey, Patty! Its’s Pete Berman. I got your number from Mrs. Morris in the main office after talking to Principal Berry. How are you?”
Patty’s phone buzzed and she looked at the screen, rolling her eyes at the expectation of a text from one of her dumb-ass friends complaining about their life.  At 28 years old, either her friends had jumped into marriage, avoided like the plague, or were in hot pursuit of that magical connection.  She hadn’t given it much thought since her prince had not galloped up his white horse as of yet.  Patty saw the name Pete Berman on the screen and immediately flashed back to her eight-year-old self who was cheering for Pete and the Rockets and then hitting the motherload after he made a winning shot by getting his autograph on her West Valley Rockets t-shirt.  She snapped out of her daze, unlocked her phone and read the text.  It as the early days of texting and people took to it right away. 
“Hey, Pete! I am fine,” she began and then doubt creeped in an she said, “I am fine? Of course I’m fine, but he doesn’t need to know that.”
“Hey, Pete! How are you doing and why were you in the principal’s office? Did he give you detention?”
She smirked and then sent the message, saying, “That’s better.”
Pete saw the text come back and he laughed.
“Not yet, but the school year hasn’t started yet. I was wondering if you were free sometime this week. I need to talk to you about something.” 
“Yeah, when and where?”
“My house for dinner tonight, and by dinner I mean 5:30 p.m. when people are already done with their meals in Florida,” and then he gave her his address.
“I’ll be there. See you later!” she replied.
While she was excited to break bread with Pete ‘Pistol’ Berman, Patty wondered what the meeting out of the left field was all about, so she did some reconnaissance.  Five minutes on internet was all it took to for her to get at least a preliminary picture of what was going on.  She saw that Pete’s wife had passed away a few months earlier and then she saw the picture of Pete and his daughter in the elevator at the reunion a few days earlier.  She looked at the image of Phoebe and flashed back to the game when she got Pete’s autograph.  Isabel Mitchell was standing next to him and the girl looked remarkably like Isabel.  
But before she could harbor feelings of jealousy courtesy of her eight-year-old self, Patty read Isabel’s obituary that was published in a recent edition of the Lake George Herald.
Isabel Mitchell, 38. Loving mother of Phoebe. Caring mother of the nursing staff at Lake George Medical. Loving daughter, sister and niece. West Valley High School Hall of Fame volleyball player. College volleyball star. Died too soon of ALS but remained upbeat and supported until her last breath. Donations to ALS Foundation in lieu of flowers. Always PB & Jelly.”
This was written by Isabel when she was still able to externalize her thoughts. Patty’s heart sank when she read the words but then paused when she saw the last line, ‘Always PB & Jelly.’  She thought that PB was obviously Pete Berman, or could it be peanut butter? Anyway, she figured there was a few ways to find out but food would be her first attempt.  So she went to Dumbo Bakery near his house on the way to dinner.  She always brought something with her when going to a party or a holiday gathering, so baked goods were the order of the day.
“Can I have a pound of peanut butter cookies and a few black and whites,” she said to the woman behind the counter who filled a white box with the PB cookies and then gently placed three black-and-white cookies on top before tying the box closed with some white and red string.
Patty thought as she got back in the car, “Anything to do with this guy and I’m in,” in order to keep her mind open and positive for what was about to happen. She figured the invitation wasn’t a cheesy pickup attempt since he had a daughter, even though that was the only picture she found of them.  Patty pulled up to his house and said as she got out of her sensible Ford Escort, “This is definitely more interesting than what I doing a few hours ago.” And that was rearranging her spice rack with the bottles in alphabetical order, which came a week after rearranging them into savory and sweet order.  Good times.
She could hear a ball bouncing in the distance as she knocked on storm door with a screen as the main door already open.  Pete walked toward her in slo-motion, at least in her mind, as he said, “Patty! Thanks for coming over!” as he opened the door and she walked in with the white box in her left hand. They kept it professional by shaking hands.
“Is that for me?” Pete asked, finding it hard to resist the Dumbo delectables.
“Oh no, these are for me,” she kidded.
“Fair enough,” he said as they walked into the kitchen and then stood looking out to the backyard through the kitchen’s bay window.
“Wow, she has skill,” Patty said. “How old is she?”
“Phoebe is 15. She’ll be a sophomore at West Valley in the fall.”
Information was coming fast and furious, so Patty was content to listen more than talk.
Pete turned to Patty, “I think it’s important for us to be as honest and direct with each other.”
Patty nodded because she wasn’t sure how to respond to such a statement, at least not yet.
“Dad! Come outside!” Phoebe bellowed as Pete smiled, “Hold that thought. Would you like something to drink?”
“No, I’m good,” Patty replied as they walked through the back door to the large, fenced backyard.
“Patty McGuire!” Phoebe yelled as she ran around with Veronica and threw the ball. Ronnie started running toward the ball and then stopped the sniff the new person.
Patty picked up the precocious puppy and Ronnie licked her face repeatedly.  Phoebe came over and shook hands with Patty, Patty almost looking blue eye to blue eye with the teenager who said, “You’re taller than me! Dad, she’s taller than me! I’m Phoebe!”
“Hello, Phoebe! And you know who I am,” Patty replied, and then when Patty put Ronnie down and Phoebe started shooting hoops, Patty turned to Pete and asked, “How does she know me?”
“Oh, we looked at your photo outside of the girls’ side of the gym at the school. We went there this morning to get things going for next year.”
Patty had so many questions and Pete could see that in her eyes.
He put his hand on her shoulder and said, “We’ll get to all that later after she’s in a sugar coma from all of those cookies you bought.”
“How did you know it was cookies?”
“C’mon, I’m a Dumbo Bakery professional.”
“So what’s in the box?” she asked.
“I would say peanut butter cookies and black-and-white cookies.”
“Holy crap! That’s incredible,” Patty exclaimed. “I can understand the peanut butter but how did you detect the black-and-white cookies?”
“Well, the subtlety of the lemon blending with the vanilla and chocolate icing is intoxicating. It’s a skill. I’m not proud of it but it’s one of my superhuman powers.”
“Good to know,” she replied.
“You hungry?” Pete asked.
“Always,” Patty replied.
“Knoshes!” Phoebe exclaimed.
“Does she mean knishes?” Patty asked Pete.
“Yeah, she’s from Upstate New York. We started with bagels and then pizza…”
“Did you take her to American Burger?” Patty asked.
“We only met Saturday night,” Pete replied while leaning in.
Patty nodded, “There’s always tomorrow.”
Pete went over and fired up the barbeque before heading inside to get meat from the fridge.  
“I like the smell of that gym,” Phoebe said as she passed the basketball to Patty.
“You should stay away from the boys’ locker room. That doesn’t smell so great,” Patty replied and then shot the basketball in rhythm through the hoop.
“Nice!” Pete said as he came outside and walked straight to the grill. “Hamburgers, hot dogs and knishes cooking in the oven.” He opened the grill and smoke bellowed out. Pete took the wire brush and cleaned the grates before place the meat on the heat. He then closed the dome.
“Inside or outside?” Pete asked. “We can eat either inside or outside.”
“Inside!” Phoebe replied.
“Yeah, inside,” Patty concurred.
“Didn’t you grow up near a lake?” Pete asked Phoebe.
“Not the same thing as the ocean,” Patty interjected.
“You have an ocean?” Phoebe asked.
“AP schedule and the ocean is 10 minutes from here,” Pete said.
“Can we go?” Phoebe asked.
“After dinner,” Pete and Patty said at the same time.
“Sorry,” Patty said to Pete. “Instinct kicked in.
Pete put his hands up and replied, “Great minds think alike.”
She smiled and nodded in affirmation.
FOURTEEN
“Where did you learn to grill like that?” Patty asked as she sat back in her chair in the kitchen.
“I like to cook and I’ve watched people grill for years.”
“He can shoot from the bleachers and he can also cook,” Patty stated.
“How do you like the knishes, Phoebe’s?”
“I’m on awesome food overload,” she replied. “I can’t believe that I had to wait 15 years to taste all these things.”
“Better late than never,” Pete said.
“Is she going to be able to handle dessert?” Patty asked.
“Dessert? There’s dessert?” Phoebe excitedly questioned.
“Let me get a plate,” Pete said as Patty stood up and walked toward the white box. He anticipated her needs and handed her a scissor.
“Thanks,” Patty said as Phoebe looked on with a sense of euphoria that made her smile from ear to ear.
“What are you so happy about?” Pete asked. “Patty hasn’t even opened the box yet.”
“I know it’s peanut butter,” Phoebe said trying to conceal her true intention.
“And what else?” Patty asked, trying to see if the cookie-sniffing ability was passed down a generation.
Phoebe inhaled, closed her eyes and replied, “I smell lemon. I smell chocolate and vanilla icing.”
“Unbelievable!” Patty exclaimed.
Phoebe stood up and took a bow, “Thank you, thank you!”
Pete put the plate in the middle of the table and he and Patty sat down and observed true love.
Phoebe grabbed a peanut butter cookie first and then took a big bite.
“That is great!” she exclaimed. “I love peanut butter,” she explained to Patty.
“I do, too,” Pete added as he grabbed a PB cookie as well.
“So, your nickname is PB and it stands for peanut butter, not Pete Berman?”
“Yes,” Pete replied. “I ate, still eat, peanut butter every day, and Isabel would eat jelly every day.
“That’s true!” Phoebe agreed. “It gave me free reign on the peanut butter.”
“So you both don’t like jelly?” Patty asked.
“Nah!” they both said in unison.
“Doesn’t that get dry?” Patty asked.
Pete stood up and got a couple of glasses and carton of milk.  He poured everyone a glass and they both said “Nah!” again and laughed.
“Now, let’s see how this lemony cookie with the black and white icing tastes,” Phoebe said as Patty and Pete exchanged looks knowing her mind would be blown.
Phoebe took a bite of the chocolate side and then the vanilla side and said, “Where have you been all my life?”
“Did you know that chocolate can be poisonous to dogs?” Phoebe stated as she gave Ronnie some of the vanilla side.
“Yes, I knew that” Pete replied. “And I’m glad you know that.”
“I like the vanilla side more than the chocolate side, but together they are irresistible,” Patty stated.
“True that,” Pete agreed as they all stepped into black-and-white heaven.
Twenty minutes later they were on the road in the Stang with the top down after a few separate bathroom trips.  Pete of course driving, Patty in the passenger seat and Phoebe in the back behind Patty with a seatbelt on, her legs extended across the other seat and Ronnie sitting on her lap.
“Nice ride,” Patty said. 
“He also has a Subie in the garage when the weather gets bad!” Phoebe yelled over the woosh of the wind.
“Good to know,” Patty nodded as she and Pete laughed.
Pete drove to the beach and the front passengers became immediately intoxicated by the smell of the surf.  
“What’s that sound?”
“That’s the waves,” Pete replied as they parked and emerged from the vehicle, Pete carrying Phoebe out of the car after she extended her arms and Patty grabbing Ronnie who was wagging her little brown nub of a tail.
They walked to the beach, Pete holding Phoebe’s hand and Patty holding Veronica’s leash.
“I see you went with the collar around the body instead of the choking one. Good choice,” Patty added.
“Thanks,” Pete replied. “I never liked those collars around the neck that my Weimaraner wore growing up.”
Patty thought back to driving past Pete’s house on her bike and waving to him while he shot baskets in his driveway and his dog sat on the lawn guarding the premises.
The arrived at the beach and the sun was starting to set. They were the only people in the area being that it was a Saturday night and most of the day people had left.  First they walked on a boardwalk that led to the beach.
“Whoa!” Phoebe exclaimed. “That is awesome!” she exclaimed as she ran on the beach and headed toward the ocean. “It’s hard to run on this stuff!” she added.
Pete and Phoebe followed with Veronica, who was dying to be let free.  She needed some training first.
“Full disclosure,” Patty said, “I used to ride past your house on my bike and wave to you. I remember seeing your dog sitting on the front lawn with that collar around his neck.
“That was you?” Pete questioned. “With the banana seat bike with those cool handlebars filled with glitter and flair.”
“Exactly!” she replied feeling validated.
“I always waved back,” he stated. “You were one of the few people who didn’t come by to either play me or watch me lose.”
“You mean, people would come by your house to challenge you all the time? How stupid was that!”
“I had kids get their brothers or their brother’s friends who were like five years older than me!” he exclaimed. “I was just trying to stay at peace and stay out of my parent’s house and it got me all the way to college.”
“That’s crazy!” she said. “I always thought you were nice. You even signed my t-shirt after a game after you hit the winning shot.”
“That was you, again!” 
“I didn’t miss a game your senior year,” she admitted.
“Thankfully, I didn’t either,” he joked. 
“I had never seen anything like it before or since. You were so in control of the game from the opening tap to the final buzzer.”
“And yet both of our pictures are hanging on the wall of the high school,” he replied. “I have an eye for anticipation,” he said.
They arrived at the shore and Phoebe played the running toward the water and running away once the waves crashed ashore.  Patty handed the leash to Pete and clicked the part where the leach could extend another 20 feet giving the pup some extra room to room with Phoebe.  They continued to play a game of chicken for the next 10 minutes and the adults continued to talk.
“Do you have any idea why I asked you over? Besides of course to enjoy your company.”
“I think it’s too early for a proposal, so that’s out. No, I don’t have any idea but I can tell you whatever you’re offering I’m all ears.”
“Well, I went into the school’s office this morning to get Phoebe acquainted to her new surroundings, when Principal Berry got off the phone and told me that Coach Terry had just retired. Mrs. Morris had just marked my cheek with her bright red lipstick and then she took Phoebe down the hallway to talk to the guidance counselor, Mrs. Rawlings. Berry pulled me into his office and asked me if I have an MBA and I said yes. One thing led to another and he offered me the varsity coaching job, athletic director and to teach a couple of Intro to Business classes.”
“Wow, that’s great! Congratulations!” she said as they high-fived.
“But then I thought of Phoebe, because I’m always thinking of Phoebe now, and I asked to be head girls’ basketball and tennis coaches as well, since she plays both of those sports and so did I in college, and she also plays volleyball, but that’s not my area of expertise.”
“And you know I coach both of those sports in addition to volleyball,” she stated.
“Yes, so Berry said I had to eb the one to tell you,” he added.
“Tell me what?” Patty questioned.
“You know, I wasn’t sure what I was going to say until now,” Pete began. “But here is what I propose. I think we can work really well together, so why don’t we share everything, from coaching to athletic director duties. This is a different era and I think we can blend the girls’ and boys’ varsity basketball practices and achieve something really unique. I also think it would be cool if we could coach tennis together and you could coordinate the girls’ sports and I could focus on the boys. I’ll keep the boys’ basketball stipend and you keep the girls’ basketball and tennis money. I’ll also get Berry to rework your pay to reflect the contribution you will make as athletic director.”
“Wow, I wasn’t expecting that. It’s a lot to process,” she said. “That’s a full load with my English classes.”
“So just teach fewer classes. Maybe just the AP ones,” he suggested.
“That does make sense,” she replied. 
“Do we have a deal?” Pete asked as Phoebe stopped running for a momenta and so did Ronnie. “I’ll call Berry with the details in the morning.”
Patty smiled, “You are the man I hoped you be, Pete Berman. You got a deal!” she enthusiastically shook on it and Phoebe put her hands to the sky and intensely said, “Yes!” as a wave caught her by surprise and swept through her bare feet.
Pete had a towel in his trunk so he went to get it while Patty sat with Phoebe washing her feet free of sand in a spout designed for such things.  The two sat and had some girl time.
“I’m getting my period next week but I don’t think he’s prepared for it,” Phoebe said, confiding in her new friend and hoping to continue to see more of her.
“Why don’t I pick you up tomorrow and we’ll get some of the things you need,” Patty suggested.
“Thanks, I would like that!”
“Since I am going to coach all of your teams and probably be your English teacher. Are you in AP classes?”
“Yes.”
“Of course you are. Since we are going to see a lot of each other in school you are probably going to have to call me Miss McGuire. At least when other kids are around.”
“Okay, Patty. Thanks, Miss McGuire!” she beamed as they hugged and were joined by Ronnie who wanted to get in on the girl action.
Pete was walking back when he saw the two ladies hug and grunted, “Oh boy” as he knew he was no longer wearing swimmies in the shallow end with all of the activities in his life abruptly shifting to the deep end of the pool. 
FIFTEEN
“It will help your diversity record and the school’s image to have two Hall of Famers at the helm of the athletic department. Two outstanding members of the West Valley High School community who have made good in life and decided to give back to the school they love,” Pete said to Principal Berry the next morning on the phone.
“You had me at diversity,” Berry joked. “I’ll redistribute the money, get board approval and then both of you can come in on Friday to iron out the details and sign your lives away. You know, if she is going to give up a few regular English classes you might have to pick them up.”
“I’ve written a few books,” Pete disclosed. “So I’d be happy to do a writing workshop if that’s okay with you.”
“Works for me,” Berry replied trying to keep his golden goose happy.
Later that morning, Phoebe’s big-girl bed was delivered as her new life continued to take shape.  As the delivery truck pulled away another mode of transportation and delight arrived.     
Patty and Pete talked on the way to the car about some of Phoebe’s needs and he was happy for the assistance.
“Everything has been happening so fast that I didn’t even think of that,” he said. 
“I’m here if you need me, partner,” Patty replied.
Patty knocked on the screen door just as she had the previous day. Pete came to the door and opened it, “Morning! You can just come in.”
She nodded in appreciation of the trust.
“We’re having a little trouble getting ready today,” Pete stated and the Patty looked at him and he looked okay. “And by ‘we’ I mean, Phoebe.”
“Hey, Phoebe!” Patty yelled down the hall to her right.
“Hi, Miss McGuire!”
“You need me to come in there?” Patty asked.
“Okay,” a frustrated Phoebe replied.
Pete nodded that he needed to talk to her first in the kitchen.
“I’ll be right in.”
“Okay,” Phoebe replied.
“From what I could decipher, it appears that Isabel and her mom didn’t allow her to wear makeup, even though she claims that she is a woman now,” Pete explains.
Patty zipped open her purse and pulled at her makeup, “I have reinforcements.”
“Good,” Pete replied, “Even if I had all that I wouldn’t know what to do with it.”
Patty chuckled.
“One more thing,” Pete said. “I talked to Berry this morning and he is going to redistribute the pay, get board approval and we can go in on Friday and sign some papers.”
Patty smiled, “That’s great! Thanks!” she replied with a tone that belied both surprise, that someone actually cared enough to follow through, and joy at being able to make an even larger impact in the lives of the students.”
Pete noticed the look on her face and said, “I do what I say.”
She smirked, “I appreciate that,” and then their moment came to an end as Patty walked down the hall and entered Phoebe’s room saying, “I love your room!” as Ronnie’s nub was flittering again as she sat up on the bed.
Pete took a deep, cleansing breath and then went downstairs to the basement to do some laundry.  He came back upstairs and the ladies were about to head out.
“Maybe we should leave Ronnie with your dad,” Patty suggested although the pooch appeared to understand and looked sad.
“Okay,” Phoebe agreed and then put ran and put her backpack in her room.
“Would it be all right if we did a little clothing shopping?” Patty asked. “She’s feeling self-conscious about her clothes.”
Pete reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet, handing her a card for the purchases. “Call me when you’re almost done and I’ll meet you for lunch at American Burger.”
Patty would have paid for the clothes but was secure feeling that she was dealing with a complete gentleman.
“Thanks,” she replied as Phoebe came bounding out. “See you later, dad,” she said as they exchanged pecks on the cheek.
Pete had a bone in his hand and waved it at Veronica, who quickly forgot about the ladies leaving and chomped on the bone and galloped to her couch where she began chewing in earnest.
“All right,” Pete said. “Later!”
Patty nodded and he nodded back as the two Amazons loped out of the house.  
Pete sat on the couch with Veronica in what was the first moment that he was off the clock in three days.  He never realized the depth of the responsibility of children, with his only experience being one himself and completely taking for granted everything and anything having to do with such care.  Phoebe was 15 years old and could mostly take care of herself.  The task of figuring out female issues was beyond him even though he grew up with a mother and two sisters who were always cycling around him like hungry sharks.
He sat and thought about how good Patty was with Phoebe.  It was almost like they were a matched set.  That Isabel had passed the torch to Patty once she was unable to continue.  But it had only been a few months since his wife passed and the sting of that loss still superseded the familiarity of being around a woman with mutual attraction.  He had to work with the woman and now the lines had been blurred between personal and professional, which was something he never experienced.  He then thought that he never taught kids before and that whole world seemed personal.  His best teachers had taken the time to make it personal.  His best teachers had the skill and empathy to make a difference.  His best teachers actually gave a shit.    
SIXTEEN
	“He’s still processing,” Phoebe said to Patty as they drove from the mall to American Burger.
	“What do you mean,” Patty asked, although she actually asked the question to buy herself some time for her next reply.
	“He’s still sad,” Phoebe insightfully explained.
	“Yeah, I can see that,” Patty replied. “How are you doing?”
	Phoebe hesitated and then said, “Trying to keep busy. I know my parents love me.”
	Phoebe had a way of saying things with equal parts innocence and depth at the same time that cut deep.
	Patty pulled over and parked as she was overcome by the moment.
	“My dad…” she began and then started crying as she turned the car off after putting it in park.
	They both leaned toward the middle of the car and met in a hug as the tears flowed on both sides.  No other words were exchanged as an unbreakable bond of understanding was forged between them.  The 28-year-old and the 15-year-old were now on the same wavelength, which would be a good thing and a difficult hurdle as well.
	Pete waited at the burger place for a few minutes and was relieved to see Patty’s car pull into the parking lot.  The ladies had a take a minute and reapply their faces before hanging out with the big guy.  The minute Pete saw both of their eyes and looked deep into their souls he knew they had shared an impactful moment.  Phoebe and Patty were both smiling bit Patty looked at Pete and in an instant he knew what she knew.
	“Get ready to have your mind blown by the onion rings!” Pete exclaimed.
	“Yes!” Patty agreed. “I once came here and just ate three orders of onion rings!”
	“Really?” Phoebe questioned.
	“Yes, they’re that good!” Patty replied.
	Four orders of onion rings, a chocolate shake and a burger later, Phoebe asked, “All that and nothing ion the burger? No lettuce, tomato or pickles?”
	“I don’t do vegetables,” Phoebe stated. Burgers with ketchup only.”
	Patty looked at Pete in amazement forgetting that he and his daughter shared most compulsory traits.  
	“Nope,” Pete said as he flashed his burger with only ketchup and then his daughter smiled.
	“But my mom always said that they’re giving it to you for free and it’s good for you!” Patty exclaimed.
	“My mom always told me that nothing is free,” Pete countered.
	“You got that big and you were that awesome without vegetables?” Patty questioned as Phoebe giggled.
	“Potatoes are vegetables,” Pete stated.
	“Yes they are,” Patty replied.
	“I ate a lot of potatoes,” he smirked.
	“Didn’t we all,” she said.
	“Unions are vegetables,” Phoebe interjected.
	“I don’t know where she puts it all!” Pete exclaimed as Phoebe continued to munch on the delectable fried rings that were thin enough to not be separated from the breading.
	“Are we still making lasagna for dinner?” Phoebe asked Pete, trying to keep the party going.
	“Did she say lasagna?” Patty asked Pete.
	“I believe she did,” Pete replied. “It’s her favorite.” And then he leaned over and whispered to Patty, “But she doesn’t know what real lasagna tastes like.”
	“I know what it tastes like,” she said, implying that she would prefer to dine with them instead eating some frozen vegetables and a piece of salmon alone.
	“Six o’clock?” he asked as way of an invitation.
	“Sounds delicious!” she replied as they finished what was left of their meals and then went their separate ways for a few hours.
	Pete and Phoebe drove home after hitting the supermarket for both staple items and lasagna accoutrements, which included ground meat, ricotta cheese, sauce, lasagna noodles, mozzarella cheese and some good bread.  He also got some broccoli for Patty since it looked like trees and it was something that Phoebe thought she would like.  They also got a New York cheesecake and whipped cream, because Pete assumed that Phoebe needed that education as well. 
Veronica had slept the whole time in her crate.  She was happy to see her sister, who let her out of the crate and then they went in the backyard to play.  After folding the laundry, Phoebe and Ronnie came back in and the three of them took a nap on Pete’s bed for a few hours.  They were all tired from their journeys and down time was a necessary commodity.
On the other side of town, Patty was deciding between wine, beer or something else as she sat outside of West Valley Liquors.  She was often prone to overthinking but it didn’t help her fluidity that the stakes never seemed so high.  Dating was something that Patty did with varying regularity since she graduated from college six years earlier, the first two years of which she spent as a graduate assistant on the Marist College Basketball Team.  In those two years she completed her master’s in education and was faced with a decision to accept a permanent assistant coaching position or head home and give back to her community.
Principal Berry spotted her at the high school’s graduation ceremony that year, as had come back for a week to hang out with one of her classmates who was supporting her little sister.
Ever the opportunist, Berry made his way over to talk to her following the pomp and circumstance.
“Patty McGuire, what brings you back to West Valley?” he asked given that he hadn’t seen her since her graduation six years earlier.  
“Hey, Principal Berry! I came back to see Cheryl Tompkins and her sister Crystal graduated today.”
“Congratulations for all of your success at Marist,” Berry stated.
“Thanks! I just finished a couple of years as a graduate assistant coach and complete by education masters. They offered me a full-time assistant coach’s position.”
“Did you accept?” Berry asked.
“Not yet, and for some strange reason I came back here to think about it.”
“Well, let me give you a little more to think about,” Berry began. “Your AP English teacher, Mrs. Weintraub, is retiring.”
“Mrs. W!” Patty exclaimed in support of Berry and then realized she was being cornered like an unsuspecting deer.
“Would you like to talk to me some more about taking over for her and coaching a few varsity sports?”
Patty had been living on a meager stipend for two years as the school continued to pay for her education.  She would have secured a part-time job but there wasn’t much time for that between her schoolwork, coaching, scouting and recruiting duties.  Patty made money during the summer where she was a counselor at a sleepaway basketball camp, saving almost every cent of it living on campus in free accommodations.
But the college life had worn her thin and she was itching for change, although she didn’t tell Berry that.  Later that afternoon, she was in his office and when he said $48,000 plus $1,000 for each sport she coached, the reality of her situation came into sharper focus.  Berry’s offer bested Marist’s by $20,000 and it meant that she could finally get off the hamster wheel and achieve the mental/physical balance that she so craved. 
“I was going to start the search for her replacement in earnest next week, so if you want to think about it over the weekend that’s fine,” Berry stated, even though he knew his former star loved everything about being a West Valley Rocket.  She was the very embodiment of what a student-athlete should be and would be a prime example for the next generation.
“No, I’m good,” she said to Berry. “I’ll take the job.”
They both stood up and shook hands, “That’s great news!” Berry beamed. “Why don’t you come in next week and Mrs. Morris will have some papers for you to sign.”
Patty agreed and then left Berry’s office, stopping to hug Mrs. Morris who said, “It will be so good to have you back, dear.”
She stayed with her friend for a few months after driving back to Marist and picking up her stuff.  Her coach, Diane Franklin, thanked her for six great years and said, “My door is always open to you.”  Patty had been living in a two-bedroom townhouse ever since, with one room being used as her bedroom and the other serving as an office.
Patty sat in her car, an indistinct Ford that was near the end of being an Escort or a viable mode of transportation.  The two-mile trip every day was about all it could take.  Ten minutes went by and she seemed paralyzed by the weight of her predicament.  First dates had been her forte, having advanced to only one second date over the past two years.  She starting thinking her standards were too high but then it hit her all at once, like a tidal wave coming from her blind side.  
She transitioned into a daydream of Isabel standing on the West Valley basketball court with Pete after as she offered her t-shirt for him to sign.  Only this time it was her current self and she was saying, “I love you, Pete!” as he signed his name. He then looked into her eyes and replied, “I love you, too!” as Isabel morphed into Phoebe, who was giving two thumbs up.
Patty snapped out of her trance and shook her head wake up. “C’mon!” She had been in love with Pete Berman for the past 20 years and now her fantasy was one step closer to becoming a reality.
“Either I have to stop drinking or step it up and drink even more,” she said as she started her car and drove out of the West Valley Liquor parking lot.  She decided to stop off and get Phoebe a few pillows for her bed including a husband pillow that she could use to sit up and read.
SEVENTEEN
“I love it!” Phoebe said as she tossed the large pillow to the head of her bed.
“You’re gonna’ need if for all of the books I assign in class!” Patty joked with a strong hint of reality.
Dinner was awesome as Pete served a lasagna with layers of sauce, meat, ricotta cheese and Mozzarella cheese.
“I’m a vegetable advocate, and thanks for the broccoli, but I’m good with just eating this lasagna. It’s the best I’ve ever eaten. It’s even better than Enzo’s,” she added, invoking one of the town’s Italian restaurants. “What else do you make?”
“Omelets, scrambled eggs, pancakes, grilled cheese, and I can follow most recipes,” Pete replied.
“Impressive. I like to bake but haven’t the kitchen yet to let my carb fly,” Patty replied.
“That’s dangerous!” Pete joked.
A giddy Phoebe said, “I like cake, pies, muffins and chocolate chip cookies!”
“I would have made some tonight but you mentioned cheesecake…” Patty interjected.
“Next time,” Pete said and Patty happily replied, “Okay!”    
Cheesecake was consumed with large glasses of milk to wash it down.  Phoebe retired to the den to watch TV with Veronica while Pete and Patty sat in the kitchen and shot the shit.
“Are you looking forward to teaching?” Patty asked.
“Sure,” Pete began, “the Intro to Business classes should be interesting and the writing workshops will help me externalize the process.”
“Writing workshops?” she questioned.
“Yeah, I’m going to pick up the non-AP classes that you’re dropping.”
“Are you a writer?” the English major asked, protecting her territory and the reputation of all grammarphobes. 
“Wow,” Pete countered as he felt tension and confrontation with Patty for the first time. “Excuse me,” he added simply as he left the room.
The 44 seconds that he was gone seemed like 44 minutes to Patty.  He came back into the kitchen and dropped a huge pile of papers, better known as a book, in front of her on the table.  She looked down and the front page that read The Rivalry with his name beneath the title.
Pete remained standing but he really wasn’t really looking for a reaction.  Most people – actually everyone – reacted the same way when they found out that the star athlete also had a jones for writing.  What they didn’t know is that he had been scratching that itch since he was 15 and it was his real passion.  While he had worked on Wall Street for 15 years, the core of his responsibilities centered on writing and content.  Sometimes he communicated through the written word while others he simply aired his view through talking on business television programs.   
“I always wanted to write a book,” was the standard reaction he got from people who were close and far.  Pete knew that comment meant, “If you can do it anyone can do it,” suggesting his years of work and honing is craft was trivial.  People always reacted that way when he played basketball until they actually watched him and/or played against him.  And then they realized the time, energy and commitment needed to achieve that level of proficiency. 
Patty scooped up the book and said, “Let me read the first two chapters,” she said as she got up and walked down the hall to Phoebe’s room where she sat on the new bed against the husband she bought.
Pete walked from the kitchen to the den where he sat next to Phoebe and they watched a Nick at Night animated show.  Veronica was happy to have a bigger lap to sit on and Pete was happy to work out some of his tension through dog petting therapy.
Twenty minutes later, Pete was growing impatient, so he transferred Ronnie to his daughter’s lap and walked down the hall.  He peaked his head into Phoebe’s room and Patty picked up her head, “Not now,” she said, “You’re kissing the cheerleader in the hallway,” and she went back to devouring the pages.
Patty had wondered for years about what was swirling around Pete in the years he was on center stage in West Valley.  She had her own time on a smaller stage and couldn’t imagine what it was like to be a teenager and have the pressure of town and family on growing shoulders.
Pete walked into his room to go to the bathroom, and the thought came through his mind as he drained the main vein. “She’s reading.” He figured that once a person reads the first few pages of a book they either commit to forging on or immediately pull the rip cord and bail.  He had done that most of his life at bookstores and libraries, perusing the aisles, opening books and read the first page.  The wide majority of books he put right back in the stack, while others he embraced to become favorite authors and role models.
He drifted back to the first book he read that wasn’t a sports picture book.  It was a 150-page book that he devoured in three hours.  The confidence he gained with each page was the knowledge the he could do it.
“I can write that,” he thought.
And while most people think they can do things, the reality is that they never really try.  The idea never leaves the startling line and people quickly forget the things they dream about.  Not Pete.  If he conceptualized and instantly saw a viable path, the journey always began with intensity.
 Pete started with doodles, then poems, then graduated to short stories and screenplays before jumping fearlessly into books.  He wrote his first book right after college, entitled Differing Opinions, which was a reflection on college in the form of a diary.  But it wasn’t until he bought a house in his hometown that the floodgates opened and the reflections became both fresh and extremely vivid.
Phoebe was missing Patty so she asked Pete, “Where is Patty, Miss McGuire?” she self-corrected.
“She’s in your room,” Pete replied and his daughter stood up and went to her bedroom. Veronica looked up at Pete and neither of them wanted to move so they continued to snuggle on the couch while Pete changed the channel to a baseball game.
Patty thought about taking the book home with her, but Phoebe’s new bed was so damn comfortable that she barely moved.  She thought for a moment between pages, “I wonder if Pete’s bed is this comfortable?”
Phoebe entered her room and was delighted to see Patty lounging in her bed.  She jumped on the bed and stretched out next to her friend and mentor.
“What’s you doing?”
“I’m reading your father’s book,” Patty replied as she looked over her left shoulder at Phoebe. 
“He wrote a book?” Phoebe asked.
“I know, I asked him the same question but I think he found my tone both derisive and offensive. As athletes, really impactful athletes, we often are labeled by people as just that with no thought to our intelligence.”
“That makes sense. Is it good?”
“It’s so good that I can’t put it down,” Patty replied.
“Can I read the pages you have already finished?” Phoebe asked and then Patty separated the pages she had completed from the ones she was dying to get to. “You know, I was eight years old when this was all happening and your dad was a star in high school. I still have the t-shirt that he signed for me after he won a game with a 30-foot shot. Your mom was standing next to him.”
“These are the stories I need to hear! There is so little I know about all of this,” Phoebe replied.
“Well, here is the start of your West Valley education,” Patty smiled, handed Phoebe the pages and they both got comfortable while reading.
Pete had to go to the bathroom about an hour later after he let Veronica out in the backyard to do her business.  He walked by Phoebe’s room and it was quiet, so he peaked his head in and the two ladies were busy reading his pages, so he left them alone.  He felt that it was always a strange dynamic when people read his stuff, but he was glad they seemed to be into it.
Another hour passed and Veronica was sleeping on his lap and he was started to doze off as well.  He left Ronnie on the couch with the TV on and walked down the hall to check on the girls again, only this time they were fast asleep with Phoebe resting on Patty’s shoulder with her arm around her protégé.  Pete smiled since he always knew where life was headed even though he wasn’t sure at times how he was going to get there.  He found an extra blanket in a hall closet and put it on the ladies, picking up the pages and keeping them it two piles.  He turned the light off and then walked out after closing the door most of the way.  Pete then went back into the den, picked up a groggy Ronnie, who was all arms and legs, turned off the TV, made sure all of the doors were locked and then went to sleep in his room with his Weimaraner.  He smiled and thought that life had come full circle as his heart started beating again after a long period of dormancy.
EIGHTEEN
The early morning arrived in the form of the sun, which streamed through the eastern exposure of Phoebe’s window.  There wasn’t much light in Patty’s place so she wasn’t used to such an intrusion of brightness.  Patty woke up feeling surprisingly rested until she realized that she wasn’t home.  Her first thought was, “Did I drink last night?” and then she flashed back to sitting in the West Valley Liquors parking lot and deciding to forego alcohol for the evening.  She then looked down and saw a snoozing Phoebe, which was a relief and a disappointment that arrived simultaneously.
Phoebe needed her sleep as a growing teenager, so Patty gently removed herself from the bed and then left the room in a mission to find her purse.  She quickly found it in the kitchen on a seat and then walked back down the hallway to Phoebe’s bathroom that was just outside of her room.  There was no way she was going to come in contact with Pete unless she looked fresh and rested.
Ten minutes later, with a new layer of makeup, she walked into the kitchen and scrounged around to find ingredients to bake something.  Thankfully, the previous regime was an avid baker and there were plenty of ingredients that hadn’t expired.  She whipped up a batch of chocolate muffins since there was no zucchini to make zucchini bread,  and then she prepared a pancake batter before parking it in the fridge to use when people woke up.
Pete woke up a few seconds later as the smell of muffins was both familiar and intoxicating.  He went into his bathroom and washed his face and brushed his teeth after going to the bathroom, and then put on a pair of sweatpants.  Usually he would wake up and then do some yoga, tai chi and meditate, but first he peered into Phoebe’s room and she was alone and sleeping so he ventured to the kitchen.
He saw Patty sitting at the kitchen table picking up where she had left off in his book.
“Good morning!” he said.
“Good morning!” she replied. “Sorry, we both fell asleep reading your book.”
Pete laughed and replied in typical New York sarcasm, “That’s what it’s good for, either thoughtful refection or a sleep aid.”
She laughed, “It appears to be both. I love it. Still loving it,” she added as she looked down at her remaining pages.
“Thanks for baking,” Pete stated. “I’m gonna’ let you read and keep smelling all that goodness cooking while I go down to the basement and do some meditation and stretching.”
“When did you start doing that?” she asked.
“A few months ago,” he replied. “Yoga and tai chi for the body and meditation to keep my shit together. I got tired of the constant pounding of our usual workouts,” Pete said and then he nodded at her and he disappeared behind the wall and walked down the basement while she got back to reading.  She was curious about what was going on down there, but perhaps that was for another time.
Pete came up 20 minutes later Patty picked up her head and observed, “You do look more relaxed. The muffins are almost ready unless you want something else?”
Pete smiled, “No, they smell amazing. It’s easier to relax when you have the smell of, let me see, chocolate chip muffins.”
She laughed, “How did you guess?”
“I didn’t get to the size for nothing. This body runs on carbs and sweets.”
Just then, Phoebe came in wearing her clothes from the previous day and Veronica was trailing her. 
“Chocolate chip muffins!” she exclaimed while looking at Patty.
“Wow, you too share a brain,” Patty said.
Pete opened the back door and Ronnie galloped out to take care of some more business.
“What happened to my pages?” Phoebe asked.
“You both fell asleep on them,” Pete replied.
“I’m just finishing mine now,” Patty explained.
“Don’t ruin the ending for me,” Phoebe interjected as Pete shook his head in disbelief. “It ends with me standing in the kitchen with two Amazon goddesses.”
Phoebe looked at Patty and Patty said, “Lucky you.”
Phoebe smiled and looked at Pete, “Yeah, lucky you!”
The timer went off as Pete let Ronnie back in and then fed her breakfast in her bowl, although she would have preferred a muffin of her own.
“Muffins are ready!” Patty exclaimed as she stood up, put an oven mitt on and removed the muffin tray out of the oven.
“Do you have to let them cool after taking them out?” Phoebe asked as she took a carton of milk out of the fridge and then sat down in what had become her seat.
“No, I used a non-stick pan with non-stick spray,” Patty replied as she turned the muffin tin on its side and all six muffins slid onto a plate.
“I’ll get the glasses,” Pete said and did just that as everyone met at the table for a chocolate chip muffin feast.
An hour later, everyone was immovable objects as Patty finished the book first and then Phoebe caught up.
“That was a real page turner,” Patty said.
“I loved it and I think people my age would love it as well!” Phoebe exclaimed as she stood up, “I’m gonna go take a shower.”
	“Yeah, I’ll probably get going soon to do the same,” Patty replied. “Thanks for not snoring, Phoebe.”
	Phoebe laughed, “I’ll see you later, Miss McGuire,” she said as they bumped fists as Phoebe and Veronica disappeared down the hallway.
	“There are so many things that I thought about over the years but this book went way beyond my expectations,” Patty said.
	“It was a different view from the outside looking in than the inside looking out,” Pete explained.
	“Yeah, I can see that. I think we both had difficult father figures that were impossible to please,” she replied. “Did you play harder because of him?”
	“In the beginning I just wanted to please him and keep peace in the house, but by the time I got to high school I was just playing because that’s what I was good at. And it was also my way out,” Pete stated.
	“I hear you,” Patty replied. “Anyway, I think you should get this published. I have a friend who works at Book House in town. Would you mind if I showed it to her? She also went to your games with me when we were younger.”
	“Sure,” Pete replied.
	“Oh, before I forget, I am going to sleepaway camp next Monday for four weeks. It’s a commitment I made a few months ago.”
	Pete wasn’t sure what to say, given that they had spent so much time together over the past few days. He nodded and said, “We’ll roll out the red carpet when you come back.”
	She smiled, picked up the book then stood close to him, body language suggesting that just about anything could happen.  But he wasn’t ready for intimacy just yet so he simply hugged her, “I’m glad we know each other now.”
	“Me, too” she replied as they broke the hug and she started walking out. “And there is some pancake mix in the fridge if you too get hungry for lunch. “See you.”
	“Later,” Pete replied trying to keep his customary cool.
NINETEEN
	“How come we haven’t seen Patty in a few days,” Phoebe asked on Friday morning.
	“She has to get ready to go to camp?” Pete replied.
	“Camp?” Phoebe inquired.
	“She’s going to sleepaway camp for four weeks. It was a commitment she made before she started hanging out with us.”
	“That sucks,” she replied.
	“Yes, it does,” Pete countered as they had finally hit a slow patch since they connected almost a week earlier.
	Phoebe looked at Pete and asked, “Well, what are we supposed to do now?”
	Pete smirked, “Have you ever been to Disney?”
	Phoebe’s eyes lit up, “No! Can we go?”
	“Sure. I have never been there either.”
	“California or Florida?” she asked.
	“I did a little research and they have Epcot Center in Florida and some other things as well. Plus the plane ride is just under three hours to Orlando as compared to a six-hour flight to Anaheim, California.”
	Phoebe looked vulnerable and was speechless for the first time in six days.  While it was a relatively small sample, Pete was still able to discern that she wanted to say something but felt funny about externalizing it.
	“What? Haven’t you flown before?”
	His question obviously hit the mark, “No, I’ve never been in a plane. I’ve barely been out of Lake George.”
	“Yeah, your mom was a bit of a homebody. She thought she had everything she needed where she lived.”
	“Did you love her?” Phoebe bluntly asked.
	“Yes,” Pete replied.
	“Was she the love of your life?”
	“That’s a deeper question, but I’ll answer that as well,” he said. “You’ll notice that when I have an answer, I reply quickly. But when I’m trying to by some time to formulate a suitable response, I put words between me and the result.”
	“Yeah, I can see that,” Phoebe stated.
	“I would say that I loved your mom more than anyone else I have ever known, and she loved me more than anyone else that she ever knew. Honestly, my love for her came in different forms over time. I first loved her as a friend, a best friend, as we built trust and really got to know each other. And then we became boyfriend and girlfriend in our senior year of high school.”
	“I like the way you talked about it in the book. That scene in the cafeteria when she kissed you,” Phoebe explained. “Did that really happen?”
	“Yes,” Pete nodded.
	“Does love grow?” the 15-year-old asked.
	“No, I don’t believe it does. Just think about how comfortable we were just meeting six days ago. The familiarity with head with each other. It’s only been six days but I love you now as much as I loved you then, and I will love you forever and ever.”
	Phoebe smiled and blushed, “Yeah, I agree.”
	“So let’s go on the computer and pick a hotel where we can bring Veronica and then we’ll go away for a week or two.”
	“Yes!” Phoebe exclaimed. “It will be both of our first times on a plane.”
	“It’s fun and they give you free snacks and drinks.”
	“Cool!” Phoebe replied.
	The family, including Ronnie, then got ready and went to the high school where Pete and Patty would talk to Principal Berry and sign some paperwork.  Phoebe and Pete had gone to West Valley town hall so they could fill out paperwork to officially change her name.  Her birth certificate was also modified to include Pete as the father of the child.  They brought the preliminary paperwork, which was required by the school for her to be registered.
	Patty was pacing the halls and felt weird the past few days without Phoebe and Pete.  It was like a part of her was missing and she was worrying about being away from them for four weeks, a month, 30 days… but who was counting?  Patty saw them walking in the front door of the school and got excited.  She wasn’t the only one.
	“Miss McGuire!” Phoebe shrieked as the two ladies hugged, Ronnie peeking out of the backpack and slurping Patty’s face.  
	Pete smiled wide and said, “Patricia,” as he professionally nodded.
	“Peter,” she replied in kind as they all walked into the main office.
	Mrs. Morris hugged everyone, which wasn’t customary for this consummate professional who ruled with an iron fist.  No student or teacher ever messed with Principal Berry because of Mrs. Morris, not because he was an enforcer.  But she had a sweet spot for the two kids who made good and always lit up every room they walked into.  And she could see that Phoebe was something special as well, and she could benefit from the wisdom of her predecessors that included two Hall of Famer’s standing in front of her and another that had left a huge mark and then passed the baton.
	Mrs. Morris took Phoebe and Veronica on a more complete tour of the school to give her boss time to talk to the new power base.
	“Let me show you where your locker is located,” Morris said and then smiled and winked at the adult group behind her.
	Berry led Pete and Patty into his office and they took seats across from his desk.
	“Okay, let’s get down to business before you both come to your senses,” Berry said trying to keep the mood light. “The plan is for you both to teach four classes per day, which will also give you time to tend to whatever athletic department duties that need your attention. I alternated the periods but made sure that you both have the same lunch period in case you have to collaborate on anything,” he smirked, connoting a hint of being in on the secret that they were connected.
	Pete looked at Patty and she looked back in a way that suggested being happy and comfortable with the idea.
	“Patty, you will be coaching three sports – girls’ volleyball in the fall, boys’ and girls’ basketball in the winter, and girls’ tennis in the spring while also teaching the aforementioned four AP English classes and being the girls’ athletic director,” Berry said as he read off a paper in front of him.
	She never backed down even when standing in front of a mountain that no one had climbed before.
	“Sounds about right,” she said.
	“That will pay you a salary for this school year of $92,244, which is a $40,775 increase from your salary last year,” Berry stated.
	She smiled at Berry and then Pete for helping to redistribute the wealth.
	“And you, Mr. Berman,” Berry started as he shuffled the papers in front of him. “You will be coaching the boys’ and girls’ basketball teams and the girls’ tennis team while teaching the aforementioned four writing classes as well as being the boys’ athletic director. You will also be heading the school’s first investing club, which will help us gain entry into the countywide investing competition sponsored by investment houses to offer scholarships to the winning teams and highest earning students. That will also give you a salary of $92,244, which is probably a good six figures below you’re the salary of your last position.”
	They all laughed.
	These contracts have been approved by the West Valley Board of Education,” Berry said as he put each contract in front of the respective person, “and it effective for the current school year only.” He leaned in, “That was my official word, but you guys can stay as long as you want. Hey, Coach Terry was here for over 20 years and he won most of his games in the two years you were here,” he said to Pete.
	Pete smiled and asked, “Do you mind if I read this before signing?”
	Patty couldn’t get a pen in her hand fast enough but deferred to Pete as he scanned the two-page document.  A couple of minutes later he said, “All good!” and then they both signed.
	“Pete, I have one more document for you to sign and fill out,” Berry stated. “We have to do background checks on all of our employees. “It’s fairly painless unless you have a criminal record.”
	“No, I’m clean,” he replied as he filled out the spots that needed ink and then signed his name at the bottom.
	“Well, by the power vested in me by the West Valley School District, I now pronounce you king and queen of the athletic department,” Berry joked, although it was a foreshadowing of what was to come.
	They shook hands with Berry and then Pete and Patty hugged.
	“Congratulations, coach,” Pete said to Patty.
	“Thanks, coach,” she replied. 
	“One more thing,” Berry interjected. “Here are the keys to your kingdom,” he stated as he reached into his desk and scooped up one set of keys with a yellow ring and flipped it to Patty and then another blue set of keys and flipped it to Pete, as the school’s colors had been well represented. It was a good day in the Valley of the Rocket.
TWENTY   
	“Disney!” Phoebe exclaimed as she hugged Patty, who was looking at Pete for confirmation.
	Phoebe skipped away and Pete said, “She’s never been there,” with a subtext that he would rather spend time with her but she was going away for a month. Patty wanted to share everything with her new family and felt left out, although she completely understood why they were going.
	They all ate lunch and dinner together but something was missing when they said goodbye.  There was a gap in time that they couldn’t fill.
	“I guess we’ll see you when you get back,” Pete said.
	“Not if I see you first,” Patty said with tears in her eyes as she hugged Phoebe, petted Veronica and then gave Pete a hug.
	“Send me a post card,” she said, “I’ll email you my address,” Patty added and then she left the house. She couldn’t take the emotional distress of the separation anymore.
	“That was dramatic,” Pete said to Phoebe.
	“I’m gonna’ miss her,” Phoebe said and then Ronnie grunted and moaned in agreement.
	Monday was getaway day for both Patty and the Berman family.  Patty drove up to the hills of Pennsylvania and the Berman’s drove the airport and then boarded a plane to Orlando.  Phoebe, with Ronnie on her lap in the backpack, were a bit nervous upon takeoff as Pete held his daughter’s hand.  Pete booked it so they would be sitting next to each other in a two-seater on the right side of the plane.  While the airport was fairly busy the plane was fairly empty being that it was summer and Orlando wasn’t a prime destination because of the heat and humidity.
	“The hotel is on the grounds of Disneyworld and we don’t even need a car when we get there,” Pete said trying to distract Phoebe. “They’re going to pick us up from the airport as well.”
	Phoebe nodded and didn’t respond as the plane took gained speed and then took off, headed straight up into the sky before leveling off and the pilot let the autopilot take over.
	“Wow, that was cool!” Phoebe exclaimed as she looked out of her window seat.
	Veronica didn’t share that view but she was happy to be with her people.  She disappeared into the backpack and took a nap courtesy of Pete, who gave her a small piece of an Advil PM with some peanut butter before they left the car.  It worked like a charm as she slept the entire way.  Phoebe also took a 30-minute nap once she relaxed as Pete remained awake and made sure everyone was fine.  He was now a parent, which he felt wasn’t so different as being on guard all of the time with his wife and monitoring her well-being.  Even though life had shifted into overdrive the past week he was still processing the recent events of his life and was looking forward to get away from his life and put it on mute for a few days.
	It wound up being a necessary eight days.  Phoebe swam and at and went to the amusement park and Epcot every day.  She never tired of it and neither did Pete, especially watching her feel such joy.  It was Pete’s first time in Disneyworld as well so they got to experience it all together.
	The sat down every day and drafted post cards to Patty, and she sent them letters at home as well that they would receive once the vacation ended.  It was about five days into the trip when Phoebe finished the last of her fries with Ronnie assisting as she opened the dialogue.
	“Do you love her?”
	Pete smiled, “Do you?”
	“My mom told me that you answer with questions with questions,” she said. “I trust her.”
	“It’s okay if you love her,” Pete began. “She is an extraordinary person.”
	“Do you miss her?” Phoebe asked.
	“I miss a lot of things,” Pete replied.
	“Do you miss her?” Phoebe asked. “You know, her.”
	“Yes, just as much as you miss your mom,” Pete replied. “But we are survivors and we have to keep going. Life isn’t going to wait for us to be ready. It’s gonna’ keep coming at us and we have to continue to kick ass.  And yes, I do miss Patty. I just need time to feel comfortable enough to give all of myself.”
	Phoebe nodded, “But you gave all of yourself to me, right?”
	Pete smiled, “You are part of me. We share a brain. I loved you even when I didn’t know you. Patty is different. Do you understand?”
	“Yes,” Phoebe replied.
	“Hey, what has been your experience with boys?” Pete asked.
	“My mom wouldn’t let me date because her parents didn’t let her date,” Phoebe stated.
	“She said that?” Pete inquired.
	“Yes.”
	“Yeah, that didn’t happen. She told me she had a boyfriend named Ken Arthur in 9th grade before I met her in 10th grade.  And since her birthday was in August, that would have made her 14 when she went out with him.”
	“Did she kiss him?” Phoebe asked.
	“I hope not. Imagining your mom kissing anyone but me is painful.”
	“Are you the jealous type?” Phoebe asked.
	“Well, when you love someone it become difficult to imagine them with anyone else.”
	“Can you imagine Patty with anyone else?”
	Pete laughed, “I liked how you did that. You walked me all the way around the block and then brought me right home again.”
	Phoebe giggled.
	“When you share a brain with someone that means whatever you think I think,” Pete countered. “No, I can’t imagine Patty with anyone else. Can you?”
	“No, I can’t. I like us together.”
	“Me, too,” Pete said as they both looked out over the pool.
	“I always want to feel like you can tell me anything,” Pete said. “My parents never listened to me and when I talked they always yelled at me. They would even say to me, ‘Just tell us, we won’t get mad,’ and then they would get made no matter what I said.”
	Phoebe laughed. “Okay. And Patty? Can I tell her anything as well. Like girly things.”
	“Yes, of course.”
	“Do you feel you can talk to Patty about anything?”
	“You ask a lot of questions,” Pete panned.
	“You just said that I can ask you anything,” Phoebe countered.
	“Do me a favor, and I’m gonna’ preface this by saying that parents always want their kids to do the things that they didn’t do. But you have to become a lawyer.”
	Phoebe smiled, “I rest my case.”
	“You win!” Pete exclaimed as they bumped fists. “And yes, I feel like I can ask Patty anything.”
	Phoebe smiled as Ronnie kept tilted her head in classic Weimaraner style every time that Patty’s name was mentioned.
TWENTY-ONE
	Pete and Phoebe bought enough postcards that Patty got one almost every day she was at camp.  And then they sent a few more at the end of July so they would waiting for her when she got home.  Patty also corresponded with both Pete and Phoebe, both independently and individually, and those musings proved interesting.  Pete responded to her letters after the first few, which initial focused on coaching and sports and then transitioned into life. Their conversations could were a stream of consciousness that could be stitched into one seamless thread:
	“I never liked all of the conditioning drills, especially running suicides,” Pete said.
	“Probably because you were always last,” she replied.
	“Pretty much. I don’t like doing things I suck at,” he said.
	“Neither do I. What else do you suck at?”  
	Pete replied, “As you know, I don’t like vegetables. Although I do eat most vegetables if they’re in soup, which is weird. So I guess I suck at eating vegetables. I generally feel like shot when I am surrounded by toxic people, generally known as assholes on Long Island. I really suck at snow sports! Sledding aside, if I’m standing up around ice or snow I’ll probably be sitting down shortly thereafter. I could never stop when I went ice skating. Never been skiing (there are other ways I’d prefer to break my legs). I suck at skateboarding, so let’s assume I also suck at snowboarding. I used to really suck at learning but now I’m like a sponge. I rarely make the same error in judgement (better known as a mistake) twice. How about you, Miss Perfect?”
	Patty replied, “I also don’t like toxic people but always find myself surrounded by them in abundance. I can ice skate but don’t really love the cold, so that pretty much takes me out of snow activities as well. Never been on a skateboard and I’m sure I would suck at that. I have trouble relaxing, which means that I pretty much suck at sleep. I like to talk more than listen, so I guess I suck at public speaking (something that you’re really natural and good at). I suck at relationships, with my longest being four months. I sucked at the prom since my boyfriend broke up with me two months before the end of the year before he asked me. I wish I enjoyed life more, but everyone in my life has abandoned me.”
	That was a lot for Pete to process since he identified with the people abandoning him as well.  Some people had left by natural means while others had either committed heinous acts or simply made themselves disappear. 
	“I’m sorry you feel abandoned. I feel that way a lot, too. Maybe that’s something we can work on together, along with some of the other stuff we suck at,” Pete replied in his last letter that she received once she arrived home.  She saw a couple of Disney postcards and then the letter from Pete, which she read first.  Patty her clean clothes away, put the dirty ones in a laundry bag and then got right back in her car and drove to the one place she had been thinking about since she left. 
	“Patty is coming home today!” Phoebe exclaimed as Ronnie’s ears perked up and she tilted her head at the mention of her friend’s name.
	“Yes, I believe she is,” Pete replied, trying to maintain his cool.
	“What should we do?” she asked.
	“What do you want to do?” Pete asked.
	“Are you stalling again with that question in a question thing?”
	Pete laughed, “Yeah, probably.”
	He couldn’t help but laugh given that nobody in his life had ever called him on his bullshit the way his daughter did.  And while it was strange to have someone around thinking like he did, it was also very comforting since he had always felt alone in his thinking.  In his thoughts.
	“Let’s give it a few minutes,” Pete suggested. “She and I have been exchanging letters in addition to our postcards.”
	“Interesting,” Phoebe countered. 
	“I think it’s important to get to know someone before you rush into anything.”
	“Is that your philosophy on dating and love?” Phoebe asked in a punky tone that was certainly going to be filtered.
	“Yeah, what is your philosophy?” Pete asked with emphasis.
	Phoebe turned red, “I don’t have one yet.”
	“Just make sure that you get to know someone even if the only thing you want to do is kiss them,” Pete honestly stated.
	Phoebe absorbed the words and replied, “I hear you.”
	She could have said “So you want to kiss her?” but that was obvious from the subtext of his statement.  She was appreciated of getting practical advice instead of being told she couldn’t do something.
	They sat in silence for a few minutes in the kitchen until the sound of the front door opening perked both of their heads up and catapulted Ronnie from Phoebe’s lap to the front door.  The canine recognized the scent of friend and she was so excited that her nub flittered so fast that she could fly.
	“Hello!” Patty yelled with joy. “I’m back!”
	“Yay!” Phoebe exclaimed as she ran into the hallway and then jumped into Patty’s arms, which was quite an accomplishment since they were almost the same height. “We missed you,” Phoebe whispered.
	“And I missed you,” Patty replied as Pete was waiting to join the party. He picked up Ronnie and then entered the group hug with Ronnie licking furiously.
	“That was a long month,” Pete stated as they pulled away and Veronica lingered for more affection.
	“Too long,” Patty replied as all was right again in the castle.
	“You ready to start training for volleyball season?” Patty asked Phoebe.
	Phoebe smiled, “Yeah, I’ve been working on my jump serve.”
	Patty thought, “Fifteen and she’s already got a jump serve?” and then she remembered who her mother was, one of the best volleyball hitters in the history of the high school. She had a couple of tricks up her All-County Volleyball sleeves as well.
 TWENTY-TWO
	The trio was rarely apart after that day when Patty returned from camp.  Patty worked with Phoebe on various volleyball skills and fed her some books to read in order to prep for the school year, while Pete talked with Phoebe about life and shed some wisdom on basketball.  They all played tennis together as well, which seemed to be the more fun side of the coin.
	Since basketball was Patty’s specialty, since that’s what she was awarded a full scholarship for, she was always thinking about what level of talent the kid had.
	“You don’t want to play her,” Pete said to Patty as they sat in the backyard watching Phoebe play with Veronica.
	Patty shot him a look that suggested she feared no person, but he wasn’t buying it.
	“Imagine me but faster,” he said.
	Patty laughed, “How was it that you couldn’t run or jump yet you destroyed everyone you faced?”
	“I knew what I was doing?”
	“Does she?” Patty asked.
	“She’s getting there,” Pete countered. “I think they play a softer brand of ball Upstate. She can shot the lights out like me but I’m trying to impress on her that they will be coming at her more aggressively here. If they smaller person on her she has to go right down to the block and use her height advantage. If someone tall is guarding her then she can stay outside and make their nose bleed.”
	“Yeah, I agree,” Patty said.
	“The probably with me time and I assume your team in high school might have been the readiness of the other players to knock down shots. What was your experience with your team last year?”
	“We just didn’t have the athletes but they competed,” Patty replied.
	“Repetition with the team shooting and shooting and her willingness and ability to pass the ball will be key,” he said.
	“If she has that computer-like mind like you, then we’ll be in good shape. You always kept your teammates involved while knowing when to keep the ball in big spots.”
	“I felt like everyone left the court when the clock ticked down,” he said. “I heard you were an assassin when the game was on the line.”
	Patty smirked, “I like the weight.”
	Pete laughed, “It’s good to know,” and she got the physical reference and laughed. 
	“Let’s go see what she’s got,” Patty said as she stood up and walked onto the court.
	“Your court, your game,” Patty said to Phoebe as she rolled the ball to her. 
	While Pete never backed down from competition, he started feeling uneasy about his two girls competing no matter how much they sought to measure their individual skill.
	“Hold up!” he said as he stood up and unfolded. “I put this court in so I’ll pick the game for now,” he stated as the attention in the backyard shifted to Pete. He looked at Patty and she understood what he was doing, “Me against the two of you.”
	While Pete was happy to sit and watch, he was more interested in being the conductor who kept this train on the tracks.  He picked up a bone and gave it to Veronica off the court in the shady grass.  Ronnie would be in the way if Pete didn’t keep her busy and he knew that from experience.
	“Game to eleven by ones,” Pete stated. “You make it, you take it. And you have to win by two.”
	Phoebe didn’t grow up in the schoolyard, so Pete clarified, “If you make a shot you keep the ball.”
	“You want to shoot for it?” he asked Patty. “I know you don’t want me to shoot for it,” he added, talking a little trash.
	Patty looked at Phoebe and said, “If I make it we get the ball.”
	“Were you just saying that you’ll make it?” Phoebe asked Pete.
	“Uh oh,” Patty grunted. “Why would you challenge him?” she asked Phoebe. “Haven’t you seen him play?”
	“Yeah, but that was a long time ago,” Phoebe joked.
	The machine was activate as Pete called for the ball with his hands left hand without talking.  Phoebe threw the ball to him and he let a shot go from the end of the court and it found the bottom of the net.  While Pete had no intention of winning, even if he could win, he was going to do his best to be serious at first until it was no longer necessary.  He knew every angle of the court, basket and rim, and had spent hours out there in the months since the court came into existence.
	Patty took the lead and fetched the ball and checked it with Pete, who didn’t bother moving from the spot and sunk another shot.  Phoebe was closest to the basket and walked toward the ball.  Pete said, “You can just let it come back to me if you want. It knows where to go,” as the ball did just that and bounced back to him.  Patty grabbed the ball and checked it with Pete, who took a step back and then sank another shot.
	“What?” Phoebe exclaimed. “Were you off the court on that one? Is that legal?” she whined.
	Patty smirked and then looked over her shoulder, “Are you planning on playing defense?”
	Phoebe giggled, “He’s too tall!”
	Pete knew once he missed the game would be over since the ladies were just too good and he would not be able to stop them.  But he wanted to gauge his daughter’s peripheral vision and willingness to pass the ball.  He knew she could shoot from their time on the court.
	Pete backed up another step and bounced the ball on the grass before releasing it.  Patty and Phoebe followed the tantalizing flight of the ball as it grazed against the rim and went in.
	Pete shook his head, “If I was practicing in my driveway growing up I wouldn’t count that one.  Before I went inside after a few hours I would have to make 10 straight shots without touching the rim.  That was me competing against myself.”
	He then made another shot with his left hand, which was supposed to be his weak hand.
	“I also would take free throws with both hands for hours and have one hand compete against the other.”
	Patty laughed as Pete decided that it was time for the girls to get the ball.  He dribbled to his left and put up a shot with his right hand, aiming at the left side of the rim so it would carom off the glass backboard and then give Phoebe a chance for an easy rebound.
	“Ah, he missed!” Phoebe exclaimed as Patty knowingly look at Pete and he nodded toward Phoebe. Patty then understood the meaning of the game as they went into coaching mode.
	Phoebe dribbled the ball back above the free throw line and passed it to Patty who, even though she thought about learning, still tried to remain competitive.  Patty dribbled down the right side of the court and then passed it to Phoebe who touch-passed the ball back to dashing Patty for an easy layup.  Phoebe collected the ball as Pete looked at Patty, who appeared to be impressed.  The ladies kept scoring but it was Patty who was doing all of the shooting as Phoebe continually deferred.  Patty looked at Pete and he knew what he had to do.
	He checked the ball with Phoebe and then guarded Patty so couldn’t get the ball.  Pete said, “Shoot it!” and Phoebe did just that, splashing her first shot in without hitting the rim. Pete checked the ball and Phoebe backed up a step and sank another shot, and then another and another until the ladies claimed victory at 11-4 as they celebrated.
	“Nice game,” Phoebe said to Pete. They hugged and Pete asked, “What position did you play on your team?”
	“One on offense and five on defense,” she replied as Pete and Patty glanced at each other.
	“You played point guard on offense and center on defense?” Patty asked.
	“I played point guard from age nine to 13,” Pete said.
	“No one else could handle the pressure so they let me play point,” Phoebe explained.
	“Two guards are always better than one,” Pete said to Patty.
	“Yeah, I agree,” she replied.
	“I can’t play point?” Phoebe asked.
	“No, you can play point,” Pete replied and then Patty finished his thought, “But you’re going to expend too much energy by doing to all the time.”
	“You can approach the game from many angles and vantage points depending on the opponent,” Pete stated.
	“It will be easy to scout you if your game is purely one-dimensional,” Patty added. “I stole that from your dad. They used to try to play all kinds of defenses against him but he would find a way to figure it out over the course of a game. I never saw him get frustrated his whole senior year.  He didn’t talk trash either.”
	“Focus energy on the task at hand, never get in a fight in a game and let your game do the speaking,” Pete said. “I took a lot of mental and physical abuse but chose to reply by simply torturing my opponent.”
	Phoebe handed Pete the ball and said, “Next time don’t let me win.”
	“I gain no pleasure by beating either of you,” Pete replied. “The fact is that there is no way I can actually beat you two in a game. My specialty is five-on-five. Dinner time. You two game for Enzo’s?”
	“Can I get a meatball grinder?” Phoebe asked as Patty again looked at Pete.
	“You can have it if you call it a hero, not a sub or grinder,” Pete replied.
	“Yeah, where is this kid from?” Patty joked as she and Pete chased Phoebe to the grass and they tickled her into submission as Ronnie stopped chomping on her bone and licked her helpless sister’s face. 
TWENTY-TWO	   
	School began and the excitement of a new year could be felt by all, with the exception of teenagers who were both impossible to please and continuously underwhelmed by their surroundings.
	“Hello, my name is Mr. Wohl,” Pete said to all of his classes on the first day, “But it’s not my first time in this school. I graduated from West Valley years ago when dinosaurs roamed the earth, which made it pretty difficult to concentrate on what my teachers were saying.”
	He get a few chuckles each time out of his classes.  Students were guided to his Intro to Business and Writing Workshop classes to fill slots in their schedules, with the rare exception of people who really wanted to be there.  In the rare moments in his life when Pete imagined himself teaching it was with grade school kids 10 years of age and younger, not teens from 14 to 18.  The wide range in age didn’t really matter to Pete but what did matter was his effort in trying to reach the unreachable kids like he was for so many years before he discovered writing at 15 years old.
	“It’s good that I don’t have to coach and teach write away,” Pete said Patty as they ate lunch together. “I like to speak in front of people but it’s a lot harder to teach than it appears.”
	“I know,” Patty agreed. “I went to get my master’s and had to student teach and I was completely lost. It’s gotten better each year, though. You really do eat peanut butter every day at work but not at home?” she asked as Veronica was sitting next to Patty on the coach in their athletic director’s office.
	“Yeah, it’s weird,” Pete admitted. “I am such a routine based person.”
	“As am I,” Patty said as she held up her tuna sandwich on white bread with integrated celery.
	Just then, there was a knock on the door and Patty held Ronnie’s harness so she wouldn’t jump.  She looked at Pete and he stood up to greet the intruder.
	“Hey, is anybody home over here?” the loud voice exclaimed. “Yo, Pete what’s up?”
	“Vin, what’s happening?” Pete replied to Vinnie Mancuso who he knew from years ago when they were in high school. Mancuso was a year older than him and had carried the tradition of losing from his era. The West Valley football team hadn’t produced a winning season in more than 30 years and their last division championship occurred in thew school’s second year of existence. Yet they believed every year that this was the year despite declining interest from the student body and infusing the same people in the program who hadn’t experienced success and really didn’t know how to win. 
	“Who do you have to kill to get this job?” Vinnie asked in a sarcastic tone but he was completely serious. Mancuso figured he would be next in line when Coach Terry retired. He had unsuccessfully attempted to push his whole Italian Stallion routine on Patty since she arrived at the school. Mancuso was an average athlete who never went to college yet he was given the head coaching job three years after graduation and he was also, predictably, a gym teacher.
	Pete could see the way Mancuso was looking at Patty like a juicy steak and he didn’t like.
	“I guess they just have to hang your picture in the hallway.”
	“All right,” Mancuso said, “We’ll talk to you,” and then he exited the premises.
	Pete looked out into the hallway to make sure the coast was clear and he came back in and asked, “We? Was there someone else with him?”
	Patty laughed, “That guy has been trying to pick up since the first day I started teaching.”
	The burly 6’2” Mancuso had previously been the biggest man on campus until Pete arrived.  He didn’t like having to look up to Pete either when they were teenagers or currently.  Vinnie hoped Pete and Patty would fail in their new jobs, although the bar was set so low that success was almost guaranteed if they both maintained a healthy heartbeat and simply showed up each day.
TWENTY-THREE	
 	The fall sports season was filled with girls’ field hockey and volleyball and boys’ football and riflery with box sexes participating.  Yes riflery, which took place in the basement of the school in a secluded area where no one could get shot.  Cheerleading was also considered a carry-on sport in order to level the playing field between boys and girls sports.
	Pete walked around after school and observed each sport.  He spent a lot of time in those first few months observing, whether it was teachers or coaches.  Most of the athletic director responsibilities was scheduling and rescheduling when inclement weather impacted regularly scheduled games.  He learned many tricks and things but nonetheless held steadfast to maintain his own style of educating.  He had experienced so many bad teachers over the years who were hellbent on speaking at him instead of directly to him.  Pete was also into positive reinforcement while holding students accountable in any way that resonated with them.
	“Does anyone know how to write an essay?” Pete asked the students in all of his classes.
	“It’s a bunch of paragraphs,” one student said as Pete did not require students to raise their hands in order to speak.
	“Yes, that’s true Stephen,” he said.
	“I prefer Steve,” the kid corrected.
	“Okay, Steve. Anyone else?”
	“I like to be called Ann, not Annie,” a girl interjected.
	“Okay, Ann. Anyone else want to be referred to as any other names than the ones listed in the roster.”
	“Bridge,” a girl named Bridgette said.
	“Okay, excellent,” Pete replied and then went on to describe how easy it was to write an essay.
	“Nobody ever told me how to do this, and if they did they made it seem so complicated that I tuned out. Let me break this down for you: If you can write an essay, you can easily get both a high school and college diploma.”
	Heads in the room perked up as Pete taped four large piece of paper on the board.
	“Who thinks they can’t write an essay?” he asked.
	“I know I can’t!” Bryan Montgomery interjected and everyone laughed.
	Pete noticed the 6’4” Montgomery when he walked into the class. The 15-year-old was as green as an Irish field but Pete appreciated his willingness to air his view.
	“Okay, Mr. Montgomery, you’re up,” Pete said as he motioned for Montgomery to come up in front of the class.
	Bryan stood up and walked to the front of the class as his classmates jeered him.
	“Okay, so let’s come up with a topic,” Pete said to the class.
	“Politics!” one kid yelled.
	A girl suggested, “Music!”
	Montgomery yelled, “Tacos!” and the class roared in support as everyone laughed.
	Montgomery looked at Pete and he nodded, “Okay, tacos. What can we do with that? The whole reason to write an essay is basically to say why you’re talking about something.”
	“Why I like tacos,” Montgomery suggested.
	“Perfect!” Pete exclaimed. “Ann can you please come up here and support Mr. Montgomery?” She agreed and he continued, “Please use the white board to make a list. And when we make a list for an essay it’s ideal to keep it to two or three points or you’re gonna’ be writing until your hand cramps. Why do we like tacos?”
	“They’re crispy!” Montgomery interjected and then Ann wrote it on the whiteboard under the word ‘Tacos’ underlined. 
	“They’re cheap! I can get a few and they don’t cost a lot,” another student suggested.
	“They’re filling,” Morris Clairmont added.
	“Good, that’s three good points we can make!” Pete stated. “Now are you ready. This is an essay. Bryan if you will write this down, please.”
	Montgomery nodded and was enthused. This was the first time he really participated while in school other than to crack jokes from the back of the class and then attend detention.
	“In this essay I will discuss tacos and the three reasons why I like them so much. They are crispy, cheap and filling and can be eaten as a snack or a full meal,” he said and then waited for Montgomery to catch up. He looked around the room and everyone was paying attention for the first time since the class began weeks earlier.
	“Okay, then we have to describe our three points – details on crispy, cheap and filling – and in the final paragraph we simply summarize what we just said.” He motioned for Montgomery to write on the last page, “I have described why I love tacos in this essay. They are crispy, cheap and filling and can be eaten as a snack or a meal. So paragraph one and three are very similar like a carvel flying saucer with two of the same chocolate cookies on the outside and ice cream filling the middle.”
	He then scanned the class, “I know this will disappoint you, but I don’t believe in homework,” he announced and all of the classes cheered. “We are going to as much work as possible inside of this classroom, but if the mood hits you are free to think about things outside of here. With that in mind, I want you to write your own essay on the topic of your choice. I want you to start now and don’t be shy about bouncing it off me at any stage of your development if that makes you more comfortable.  He looked over at the two students still standing and said, “Thanks Ann and Bryan!” They nodded and sat down. 
	“One last thing,” Pete said. “Let’s take a vote on whether Bryan should be able to write about tacos since it was his idea.”
	All hands went up and Pete said, “Okay, Bryan. Tacos it is, but you better bring it since we helped you write it.”
	Montgomery nodded as Pete added, “Let’s work on these with an eye toward handing them in next class. And I want you to be as descriptive as possible. Use your senses. Can anyone tell me about your senses?
	“Smell!” one student yelled.
	“Sight!” another added.
	“Taste!” yet another stated.
	“Touch or feel,” was another suggestion.
	“Hear or listen,” another student suggested as Pete continued to nod and be encouraged that more and more kids were getting involved.
	“Yeah, that pretty much covers it. Think about it during the day, whether you’re in class, the cafeteria, the bus or your room at home.”
	There was a murmur and then some conversation before the class focused and went into conceptualizing and then writing their essays.  A few students came up and showed Pete their ideas and he quickly backed their ideas.
	“Don’t overthink it,” he said. “Just write about what you love and it will just flow out of you.” 
TWENTY-FOUR
	While Pete had developed his public speaking abilities over the years it wasn’t something that was stressed in school, at least before college.  He wanted all of his students to be able to speak and write in addition to the reading skills they were supposed to build up before they arrived in his class.  So he planned to test all three skill sets the next day in class.
	“Okay, I hope you had fun drafting your essays over the last days and I’m sure we’ll all excited to hear them. So Bryan, since you were first out of the gate why don’t you come here and read what you have written.”
	Now Pete wasn’t going to take the chance of creating an awkward silence while his first victim remained steadfastly glued to the chair.  Montgomery was in Pete’s homeroom class, which was essentially used to take attendance and listen to announcement for the day.  He walked with Bryan to his first period, which was quite a visual of two giraffes roaming the hallway and laid out his plan.
	“I’m gonna’ need you to be a leader in class tomorrow,” he began. “Your essay is excellent and I want you to read it today in class.”
	Montgomery proudly showed Pete his essay that morning and they talked about it briefly before the rest of the students arrived for the day.  They talked through a few minor flow edits and then Pete asked, “If this would be strange if you were tall and I weren’t, but do you play basketball?”
	Word had got around that Pete was the basketball GOAT at West Valley and the students had been talking.
	“Is that your picture outside of the gym?” Montgomery asked.
	Since his name was under the picture and it looked like a younger version of him, odds were that it was a match.
	“Yeah, that’s me with the shorter shorts and high socks.”
	“Is it true that you’re the GOAT?”
	Pete had been called worse things than a goat, but then he realized it was an acronym for Greatest of All Time, a term that was now being thrown around for anyone exhibiting great skill. 
	Pete took a lot of pride in knowing the two decades of ballplayers before his time, and no one had enter the stratosphere since his time.
	“Yeah, that’s me.”
	“Cool. I always wanted to play but it’s always been awkward,” Montgomery admitted.
	“Well, I’ll put the time in if to work with you if you are willing to give your best,” Pete said. “Height is a wonderful thing if you use it to its full potential.”
	Bryan nodded, “Yeah, I’d like that. 
“Well, meet me at Piedmont Park this Saturday and we’ll get started,” Pete stated.
Pete knew if he held any kind of workouts in gym that it would be a violation of county rules, so he decided to take it outside and simply observe for a while. Over the next week more and more students showed up at the park, including the members of the team the previous year, and Pete was able to get an idea of what he was working with as Patty tagged along and Phoebe played with the boys.
Pete offered a few suggestions to the students in the hallways between classes and they appreciated the positive feedback and interest in their efforts with tryouts only weeks away.
Back in the classroom, Montgomery strode confidently up to the front of the room and a piece of paper appeared from his massive hands.  Pete was walking in the hallway with Patty weeks earlier and saw Montgomery walking in front of him and said, “Look at the wingspan on that kid.”
“In this essay I am going to detail why I love tacos so much. They are crispy, cheap and filling and can be eaten as a snack or a meal. In the next paragraphs I will explain each attribute in detail and then summarize my love of tacos. When you bite into a taco, the crunch sounds like a crispy tortilla chip, the smell of the cheese blended with the seasoned meat are intoxicating, you see something that tastes great moving closer to your mouth, the shell feels like a rough filling barrier and it tastes like someone has put heaven in your mouth.” The class laughed. “Besides the taste, smell, sight, sound and feel of tacos, they are extremely affordable.  For only a dollar or two you can have one or two tacos, which is important for a high school student on a budget. You’re also able to hit a few key food groups for that price.” The class laughed again as the tension of having to present subsided. “Whether you’re eating one taco for a snack or several for a meal, they are extremely filling. It’s important for a growing young man like me to be able to fill the tank and refuel for doing homework, chores or other extracurricular activities. In summary, I love tacos because they are crispy, cheap and filling, and can be eaten as either a snack or a meal. Thank you,” Bryan said as he smiled and took his seat as Pete started a round of applause that spread throughout the class.
To make it fun, Pete said to Montgomery, “Bryan, why don’t you decide who’s next.” 
Bryan scanned the room and said, “Morris!”
Morris Clairmont was Bryan’s best friend and confidant and was 6’2” himself.  Clairmont walked up to the front of the class and said, “In this essay, I’m going to explain why I like visiting my grandma’ every weekend,” and then the class razzed him a bit.
“Well, it was either that or porn, so…” Morris replied.
“We’re all glad that you chose your grandma’,” Pete joked as the class roared in a full tension release.
“I love visiting my grandma’ every weekend because she loves me unconditionally, she had excellent candy and she raised me when my mom was in rehab.”
“Holy shit!” Pete thought. “These kids have so many bottled emotions but no place to let the air out of the balloon.”
Most of the students remained in the shallow end of the pool for this initial experience with a few like Morris and Brandy Heller, who talked visiting her dead mom’s grave each weekend, that bravely ventured out.  This would be a launching pad for airing their deepest innermost thoughts in the safe space of class.  He also got the students in his business classes to open up about money, budgeting and thoughts about their futures.  While he found the classes draining at times, they were still rewarding and his first season of coaching was about to begin. 
TWENTY-FIVE
Phoebe was a force of nature. The first day she stepped on the volleyball court everything changed for both her teammates and opponents alike.  The same could be said for her sophomore honors classmates who had been rolling without incident as freshman, only to witness a new student push the boundaries of their abilities.  Everything to them was a competition to be valedictorian, top of the class, and gain entrance into the country’s best colleges.  Phoebe was concerned with focusing only on the task at hand.
“Inhale hope and possibilities gently through your nostrils and then be as soft and relaxed when you exhale anxious and stale thoughts through your nostrils,” Pete said in a calm voice as he, Patty and Phoebe sat in the basement and meditated.  He always meditated to the sound of ocean waves and these tranquil sounds were also affective with his ladies.
“What happened yesterday is done. What will happen tomorrow will be. Focus on the her and now. Concentrate only your breath and let competing thoughts melt away.”
They held hands in a small circle with their long legs folded as much as long legs could be folded.  Pete’s left hand with Patty’s right hand, his right hand with Phoebe’s left hand, and Phoebe’s right hand with Patty’s left hand.  It was a seamless circle of trust, energy, spirit and love.
They ate every meal together on the weekends, with only lunch and dinner during the week. It appeared that is was only a matter of time before they would be together full time.  But the volleyball season had ended with Phoebe leading the varsity as a sophomore to a 11-7 record and second place in the division.  She was named to the All-County team in her first year and the future looked bright as the basketball season was about to start and Thanksgiving was around the corner.
It had been five months since Pete and Patty first met and they still hadn’t taken the first step even though they were inseparable.  Patty had caught feelings from day one and they had spent so much time together that it would be impossible to think that it wasn’t heading somewhere.  Her lease was up at the end of the year and she knew that once basketball season started it would be difficult for her to make him prioritize her.
For Pete, the last three or four months had sped by in the blink of an eye.  And as each day passed he began deprioritizing his romantic feelings for Patty in favor of simply supporting her in any manner he could.  He had never conducted an office romance in his professional career and wasn’t sure how to approach it in this circumstance.  So, on November 15, which happened to be the first day of boys’ and girls’ joint basketball practice, he went to see Principal Berry.
“There he is!” Mrs. Morris exclaimed. “That daughter of yours is causing quite a commotion. In a good way.”
“Thanks, Mrs. M,” Pete replied as Principal Berry nodded at him to come in and close the door.
At the same time, Phoebe was entertaining junior varsity girls’ coach and old friend, Becky Scanlon, in her athletic director’s office.
“I got to tell you, Pete, the kids in your classes are producing the kind of work I haven’t seen from non-honors students. In some ways, it’s even more expressive and impressive than that,” Berry stated.
“Thanks,” Pete replied but Berry could sense that his meal ticket was distracted and that wasn’t good for business.
“What’s irking you, coach?” Berry asked.
“I’m not sure what to do,” Pete said.
“I think you should go for it,” Berry said. “We all think you should go for it. In fact, the janitors started a pool and the over/under is Christmas.”
“Are you talking about…” Pete began.
“When you and your co-coach will consummate the relationship,” Berry matter-of-factly stated.
“Aren’t you supposed to be an administrator?” Pete asked. “What about the rules of dating coworkers?”
“What rules? Do you think you’re still working on Wall Street at a big corporation?” Berry questioned. “Everybody dates everybody in education.  You see Mrs. Morris out there? I hit that all the time. Why do you think she has stayed as my assistant for so many years?”
Pete didn’t know how to respond to such imagery as he looked around the office and wondered where the two of them had been together. That was the closest thing to a boner killer he had seen in quite some time.
“So I am free to be with her?” he asked.
“There never was a restriction on you,” Berry replied. “Why do you think that I told you to contact her in the beginning? You have done so much for this school and will keep contributing, so it was the least I could do in helping you heal. Listen, we all have lost people over the years and love is the thing that helps heal us all. We’ll never forget but life is for the living. Capiche?”
“Capiche,” Pete replied and they shook hands. “Thanks, boss.”
“Any time, big guy,” Berry replied as Pete left the office and Mrs. Morris winked at him as she headed into Berry’s office and closed the door. Pete winced and quickly exited so his stomach would stop churning.
On the other side of the school, Patty and Becky were shooting the shit. 
“What do you think he’s waiting for?” Becky asked. “He is definitely attracted to you, girl.”
“I don’t know,” Patty replied. “There have been so many times when it could have happened but it didn’t. I’m not even sure how to approach it now.”
“Well, Janitor Ralph has a pool going and the over/under is Christmas,” Becky stated. “I have ten bucks on the under, so if you can get that shit going before then it would be greatly appreciated.”
“I’ll see what I can do,” Patty said.
And just then, Pete burst into the room and Becky saw the look in his eye and said, “Oh boy. I gotta’ go. She’s all yours, Pete,” she added and then bolted, the door closing behind her.
Pete looked at Patty and they both knew it was go time. They met in the middle of a passionate kiss that lasted 30 minutes, which was the entirety of their lunch period.
“Sorry I waited so long,” Pete said as they remained close and he nibbled on her neck.
“No worries,” she replied. “Hey, my lease is up at the end of the year…”
“Will you marry me?” he asked. “Of course, I’ll get a ring and then drop down to one knee.”
“I don’t care about that shit. I just want to be your wife and be with you guys every day. I hate going home every night.”
“Done,” Pete said as they kissed again. “I’m so happy,” he added.
“I’ve never been this happy,” Patty beamed as they kissed a few more times and then ate their lunches on the way to their next classes. 
TWENTY-SIX
	Before practice began that afternoon, Pete and Patty pulled Phoebe aside in the hallway outside of the gym.  Phoebe immediately noticed that something was different, that something had changed.
	“Did you guys finally kiss?” Phoebe asked as Pete and Patty couldn’t help but smile.
	“Yes!” Patty exclaimed as she and Phoebe hugged.
	“And we’re going to get married,” Pete stated.
	“Wow!” Phoebe exclaimed. “Can Patty live with us now?”
	“Yes, of course,” Pete replied.
	“It’s about time!” Phoebe said.
	Patty nudged Phoebe, “I know, right!”
	“We’ll pick up some of her stuff after practice and then get the rest of her things this weekend,” Pete said.
	Phoebe smiled broadly and said, “Now I’m ready for the season to start! Are we gonna’ do Thanksgiving out our house?”
	Pete turned to Patty and she nodded in approval, “Sure, we can invite anyone you want.”
	“Can Raven and Bryan come?” Phoebe asked. “They’re my best friends.”
	“Bryan Montgomery?” Pete asked.
	“Yeah,” Phoebe replied.
	“Raven Long, last year’s point guard?” Patty inquired.
	“Yes,” Phoebe replied.
	Pete looked at Patty and she looked at him with the understanding that they would talk more about this later if time permitted.
	They ran the practice together, Patty focusing on conditioning and Pete drilling the teams in the game’s fundamentals.  The practice ended with everyone running baseline to baseline because Pete hated suicides but wanted his teams’ properly conditioned.  He turned to Patty and asked, “Which one do you thinks she likes?”
	“I don’t know. I was just going to ask you the same thing,” Patty replied.
	“I don’t have enough history to make the call,” Pete joked. But I don’t think Montgomery is her type.”
	“You have more experience with him than I do, but I know Raven Long pretty well. For someone who just lost her job to a newcomer, she doesn’t seem so upset.”
	“What is we played them together in the backcourt,” Pete suggested.
	“I like that!” Patty exclaimed. “Then Phoebe has someone back there to help share the ballhandling load.” Patty then stepped forward and blew her whistle, which signaled to the group of 28 players that they could stop running. Since she and Pete found 28 uniforms, 14 for the boys’ team and the same amount for the girls’ squad, that’s how many they planned on carrying on the rosters. Twelve was usually the target for most basketball teams but the two coaches had no problem keeping more and the extra two players were happy just to make the varsity teams.
	“Who’s it gonna’ be?” Patty asked the group of panting players that stretched from one end of the gym to the other. “Who’s gonna’ step up to the line and end the practice?”
	Montgomery had some false modesty even though he could barely shoot the ball, “I’ll do it!” he volunteered as the collective groaned.
	“That kid’s got some cajones,” Pete grunted as he stood on the sidelines.
	“That’s not gonna help him,” Patty replied as she rolled the ball in his direction.
	Bryan scooped the ball up and the walked toward the foul line on the side of the floor closest to the hallway.  The basket on the other end was closest to the back of the school.  Pete had been working with him on his release and also clearing his mind when he went to the foul line.  Montgomery took a deep cleansing breath, dribbled the ball three times and then proceeded to overshoot the landing with the ball crashing against the backboard and then just barely grazing off the side of the rim.
	Patty blew her whistle since Pete wasn’t fond of them, and the group ran up and down a couple of more times before stopping on the baseline.  During the run, Pete collected the ball and held it and then decided to select the next shooter himself.  He swapped the boys’ ball for the smaller girls’ ball and then said, “Raven, you’re up,” as he rolled the ball in her direction.
	Milado-skinned Raven was a ball of energy and she had these fiery green eyes that seemed to always be on.  She was the best defender in the gym and she probably had the best sense of humor as well.  But Pete rolled the ball in her direction for a reason.  On the one hand, if she made the shot practice would be over and she could regain some confidence. But, if she missed then it would be up to Phoebe to step into the leadership void present in both teams.  He had gone through a similar experience when he was in high school, and after he stepped up there was no doubt who the sheriff of West Valley was.
	Pete kept his on Phoebe when 5’4” Raven bent to pick up the ball.  He even watched her as Raven set up to take the foul shot.
	“Oh, I see what you’re doing,” Patty said. “You’re doing that sheriff thing you wrote about in your book. And by the way, we have a meeting at Book House next week. They love the book.”
	Pete nodded and smirked but he was more interested in the byplay of what was unfolding in front of him.  He lived for these kind of crossroads in life where the outcome usually dictated the arc of any situation.
	Raven screwed around for a few seconds, fumbling the ball so that everyone could catch their breaths with collective legs burning and lungs filled to capacity.  Pete had been watching her shot all afternoon and was going to suggest a few alterations after she missed the shot.  Her right elbow was out too far and her feet were misaligned.  That would be something they would work on after practice and it would make her a huge asset to Phoebe and the team.
	Raven’s shot was off to the right as it left her hand Patty put the whistle in her mouth before it reached the iron.  Phoebe dropped her head when the ball caromed wide and the teams were on the move once again.  Since Phoebe and Pete shared a brain, especially a competitive brain, she finished her sprints and then walked directly to the foul line.  Both teams clapped and then encouraged her as they caught their collective breath.  Phoebe looked at Raven before going into her pre-shot routine and then Pete and Patty made knowing eye contact as well.  Everyone in the gym knew this would be their best opportunity to end the misery.
	Phoebe was so intense for someone so easygoing outside of the court and classroom.  She had watched Pete on tape since her mother first showed it to her and had modeled his free throw style: Two deep breaths, three dribbles and then the bottom the net.  The ball rolled back to her after going in and she walked it over to Pete and flipped the ball to him, “Maybe that will make the next book.”
	Montgomery and Raven came by and slapped hands with Phoebe.
	“Hey, Monty and Raven, if you’re free for Thanksgiving it’s just going to be us so feel free to come over.
	“Thanks!” Raven exclaimed. “Can I bring my mom? We usually just have turkey us two.”
	“Of course!” Pete replied.
	“Doesn’t she make a mean sweet potato pie?” Patty asked.
	“Yes, it’s so good!” Raven replied. “What time?”
	Pete looked at Patty and she put up two fingers and he nodded, “Two o’clock,” she replied as raven nodded.
	“Is it okay if I come by after four?” Montgomery asked. “My family is kind of big and we have lots of relatives.”
	“Whenever you can make it,” Pete said and then he turned to the larger group who were still coming down, “If any of you would like to celebrate Thanksgiving with us at our house, please come and talk to either me or Coach McGuire.”
	Patty nodded and smiled at the gesture as a few kids came up and asked if they could bring one of their parents.  Some of the other kids asked if they could come by for dessert as the guest list grew well past 20, including Patty, Phoebe and Pete, with 10 people in total sitting for the actual dinner.     
TWENTY-SEVEN
	“Are you excited about dinner?” Pete asked Phoebe as they worked in the kitchen on Thanksgiving with Patty.
	“Yeah!” Phoebe exclaimed. “This will be the biggest dinner I’ve ever been to. Thanksgiving was usually just the two of us and then my grandma’ was there the last couple of times.”
	“I talked to your grandma’ and they might come over for dessert as well,” Pete replied.
	“Cool!” Phoebe said as Patty knowingly looked at Pete and took over.
	“So, what’s the deal with Raven and Bryan,” she asked walking into a question that Phoebe handled with ease.
	“Oh, they’re both gay,” she replied in a matter of fact way.
	Pete squinted because he was more confused than ever and Patty had no follow up question.
	Phoebe looked around the room and saw a lack of clarity, so she marched on into the unknown.
	“Oh, you were fishing to see if I liked one of them. Actually, I really like both of them but not in the way you were thinking. And I don’t think I’m gay but I haven’t had enough experience yet to make that determination.”
	Pete thought, “Wow, that was mature,” and that’s exactly what came out of his mouth.
	“Thanks, I’m trying not to rush into anything,” she replied.
	“Well, you always have us to bounce things off. Although, truth be told, I still don’t know what the hell I’m doing aside from loving you and your dad.”
	They both smiled at Patty as Phoebe gave her a hug, continued to make a salad and then said, “I’m going to get ready,” and she left the kitchen for her bedroom.
	“Did you ever question your sexuality?” Patty asked in what amounted to another open ended question.
	“Well, there was a time when I thought I was asexual, like an Amoeba, but that was only because I couldn’t attract anyone of the opposite sex.”
	Patty laughed, “Yeah, I had that awkward stage as well.”
	Pete joked, “I felt like I was invisible outside of sports. Hey, did you ever make out with other girls in college?”
	Patty wasn’t having it, “Did you make out with other guys?”
	“Point taken,” he replied. “N to the O!”
	“Yeah, that wasn’t happening,” she replied.
	“We should probably eat the meal up here and then have dessert in the basement, as long as we don’t have more than 30 people here,” Pete stated.
	“Well, it’s supposed to be nice outside today. Maybe we can get away with it in the backyard,” Patty suggested.
	“Maybe, baby!” Pete replied as they kissed.
	An hour later, at the 2:00 pm start time, the guests started to arrive.  First to grace the Berman residence was an excited Raven and her mother, Delia Long.
	“Thank you for having us over,” Delia said. “It’s usually just the two of us for most holidays.”
	“Its our pleasure,” Pete said as Patty said, “I’m glad you could make it Delia!” as she hugged a woman that she had known for a few years. “Delia Long this is Pete Berman.”
	They shook hands as the mother said, “You don’t look much a goat, Mr. Berman, she kidded while her daughter became irritated, “It’s not a real goat, mom.”
	Raven disappeared with Phoebe, who said “Hello, Mrs. Long!”
	“Hello, dear!” Delia replied and then said to Pete and Patty, “Wow, she keeps getting taller and prettier each day.”
	Patty walked into the kitchen with Delia, who had been using her maiden name for her and her daughter since her ex-husband, Keith Callahan, walked out on them before Raven could walk.  He hadn’t been heard from since and the fact was that they really weren’t looking for him.  It was a college romance that fizzled once college ended.  Delia finished her undergraduate degree while first pregnant and then caring for a newborn.  She had since completed a master’s degree in education and was a middle school science teacher in the West Valley School District.
	Next through the door was Kenny Dalton and his father Richard, who were experiencing their first Thanksgiving as a motherless family.  Pete identified with the look in Richard’s eyes and had felt something about Kenny that he had noticed that was different than the other boys.
	“Hey, Kenny!” Pete said in his most upbeat tone as he pumped fists with the teenager.
	“Richard Dalton,” the father said as he and Pete shook hands. “Thank you for having us other. It’s our first holiday without his mother who passed over the summer.”
	Kenny drooped his head at the admission but Pete quickly stepped into the void and said, “Well, we’re all family here,” which perked both Dalton’s up. Just then, Patty walked into the foyer from the kitchen to greet the new guests and she introduced herself.  Then Raven pushed Phoebe down the hallway, which propelled Pete and Phoebe to exchange a quick glance.
	“Hi, Phoebe!” 6’2” Kenny said as he perked up.”
	“Kenny,” she said with a tone that was not previously heard in the house.
	“You wanna’ come hang out in Phoebe’s room?” Raven asked, trying to be a facilitator.
	“Okay,” Kenny replied as they all disappeared into Phoebe’s room as the adults watched.
	“That calls for a drink!” Pete exclaimed. “Can I get you something, Richard?”
	Richard smiled, “A beer would be great,” as they walked into the kitchen and shared a beer and commiserated about lost loves.
	A few minutes later, the last of the dinner guests arrived in the form of Principal Berry and Mrs. Morris, who apparently had been a couple and lived together for the last 10 years.  For some reason, Pete was always around the office although his intention might have been to stay as far away from the power base.  He walked in a few days earlier to drop off some paperwork and saw the forlorn faces on both Berry and Morris so he asked, “Hey, what are you crazy kids doing for Thanksgiving?”
	“We usually eat some turkey around four, and then some pumpkin pie and then call it a night,” Berry explained.
	“Why don’t you come over my house,” Pete suggested. “We’re having a few familiar faces over and there will be more food and dessert than we know what to do with.”
	Berry deferred to Morris and she said, “Only if I can make my sweet potato pie!”
	“You got a deal!” Pete exclaimed as his two collogues smiled. “We’re starting the proceedings at 2:00 p.m. if that’s okay with you?”
	“Yeah, that’s perfect!” Morris replied as Berry shook Pete’s hand and Morris gave her usual red lipstick kiss on the cheek.
	Mrs. Morris in fact walked in with her sweet potato pie and Berry had a bottle of wine he couldn’t wait to crack open.  They all hugged as Pete guided them into the kitchen, opening the oven for Morris to slide in her dish, while handing Berry a corkscrew while the other adults were pleasantly surprised to see the two iconic administrators.
	The last time Veronica saw that many people was at the airport and Disneyworld, but she was happy to be on the receiving end of so much good food.  The conversation at dinner was lively and upbeat as all of these people would become regular guests of the Berman’s for Thanksgiving, even when the kids went to college and returned home.  It was now a wonderful tradition that became so unlike the stale repetitious activities of most family gatherings.
	By 4:00 p.m., the front door was swinging open with so much regularity that Patty’s backyard plan was implemented with people entering the backyard through the side gate near the garage.  Once the clock passed 5:00 p.m. there were more than 50 people in the backyard dancing to music put on by DJ’s Raven and Phoebe over the new speaker system that had been installed a few months earlier.  Basketball games broke out on the court and a touch football game was played on the grass with parents playing as well.  This was a group of people who genuinely liked and needed each other.  The party went on until 7:00 p.m. when it started turning a little colder and the impact of the turkey’s tryptophane along with all of the carbs and sweets took hold.  Even Principal Berry and Mrs. Morris stayed until the end.
	“Wow, that was really fun!” Morris exclaimed.
	“I’m really glad you could make it!” Pete replied as he and Berry shook hands and Berry said, “See you Monday.”
	“Not if I see your first!” Pete joked.
	The last people to leave were Kenny and his father Richard.
	“Thank you so much for having us,” Richard stated.
	“Well, our house is your house,” Pete replied as he looked at Richard and then Kenny. 
	“Kenny tells me that you’re helping him with his Jumpshot,” Richard said.
	“Yes, he has a lot of potential,” Pete replied as that remark was intended for his daughter, who was standing next to him, and Kenny, who was standing across from him.
	“Well, you would know,” Richard replied. “All of the parents appreciate your hard work and you two really caring about them,” he added while talking to both Pete and Patty.
	“It’s our pleasure,” Patty replied as Richard shook hands with both of them and then Kenny bumped fists with Patty, then Pete and then Phoebe, “Talk to you later, Phoebe’s.”
	“See you, Kenny!” Phoebe replied in displaying a real economy for words for a change.
	They left and Patty said, “Let’s clean up quick and then pass out,” which was helpful for Phoebe and Pete because they were born without a neat gene.  They cleaned up with Pete holding a big garbage bag and his accomplices helping him fill a few of them.
	Phoebe lounged on the couch with Ronnie as Patty and Pete put the rest of the desserts away.
	“You make everything fun,” she said to him.
	“I love you,” he replied. “I want you to have everything.” 
	She smiled, “I have everything,” as they kissed.
TWENTY-EIGHT
	Pete was up early the next morning as he was excited to put a plan in motion.
	“We have a few appointments today,” he said to Patty as she woke up and rested on his chest in bed.
	“Aren’t most things closed today?” she asked, thinking that it would be a chill day.
	“Not for us,” he replied as she was infused with instant energy.
	Within a few hours, they had completed the morning workout routine, showered, ate breakfast and it was only 10:00 a.m.  Phoebe was just waking up and Pete said to her, “We have an appointment, so be ready when we come back in about an hour.” She knowingly gave him the thumbs up and he winked at her before clearing her doorway.
	Pete drove 20 minutes to an undisclosed location and Patty said, “Either we’re looking at real estate or joining a cult,” Patty joked although she was intrigued.
	“Since we can’t get to 47th Street today, 47th Street is coming to us,” Pete stated.
	Patty didn’t get the association at first but then she remembered several conversation with women her age about going to the Diamond District in New York City.  She looked at Pete and said, “What are you up to, Pete Berman?”
	He smiled and gave a look that said, “You know I’m always two steps ahead.”
	The knocked on the door and Ricky or Bauman Creations opening the door.
	“Pete! It’s great to see you!” Ricky said as they hugged.
	“And you must be Patty,” he added as they hugged. “Wow, you two are like a matched set.”
	He led them into his work room and had them sit down.
	“I pulled a bunch of pieces that I think you both would like based on what’s popular now and a few things Pete told me. Don’t worry about sizing because I can adjust that right here.”
	While Patty said that she didn’t care about materialistic possessions such as rings in the face of true love, her eyes lit up like a pinball machine when the diamonds sparkled in her eyes.
	“We’re doing wedding bands for you both and also an engagement ring for you,” Ricky said to Patty.
	She said nothing in return other than to pick up rings that caught her eye.  Patty put one and said, “I really like this one,” which drew an immediate glance between Ricky and Pete.
	“What?” she asked.
	“That’s the ring I made special for you from Pete’s recommendations.”
	She looked at Pete in amazement and he smiled back.
	Ricky adjusted the ring down a size and then they picked out two platinum bands, and Pete took possessions of the rings in a small bag that Ricky gave him.  Pete had paid Ricky before they came over to avoid any awkwardness on departure.  He wanted to make the day less about money and more about joy for Patty.
	“Wow, that was surprising but very fun,” she said as they walked out the car.
	Pete smiled because he knew that this was just step one in a mufti-tiered process.  He drove a mile down the road to a beautiful inlet that had a beach and said, “Let’s get a little air,” so Patty obliged.
	They walked onto the beach and Pete said, “I wanted to do this right,” as he dropped down to his right knee, pulled out the large, sparkling engagement ring and said, “Patty McGuire, will you do the me the honor of becoming my wife?”
	Patty was overcome by emotion even though she knew it was coming. She managed to say “Yes” as Pete slid the ring on her left ring finger.  He stood up and they kissed and hugged for a few moments before getting back into the car.
	“What’s next?” she said, feeling his vibes.
	Pete smiled, “Let’s go home and pick up Phoebe and Ronnie and make this official.”
	“We’re going to town hall?” she asked.
	Pete nodded, “We’re going to town hall.”
	Patty was unsure of she wanted a big wedding but Pete had thought and anticipated her needs.
	“That’s the legal part but I also know how much you dislike surprises, so I am also planning something larger for our actual wedding.
	She smiled, “Are you gonna’ let me in on it?”
	“Of course,” Pete replied. “We can talk about it after town hall. Have you given thought to your name once we’re married?”
	“Well, everyone knows me as Miss McGuire at school, so maybe I can do a hyphen, like Mrs. McGuire-Berman? Or just Mrs. Berman.”
	“It’s up to you. Do you like your middle name?” he asked.
	“For most of my life I preferred my middle name, Jessica, or Jessie, to my first name. Actually, I wouldn’t mind losing my last name. Let’s go with Patty Jessica Berman.”
	“Sold!” Pete exclaimed.
	They drove home and picked up Phoebe, who wore a cute dress and for the occasion and she put a pink bow around Ronnie’s neck as well.     	
	“Can we do makeup together?” she asked after Patty showed her the ring and they got all excited.
	Pete went into the bedroom and put a pair of khakis on with a dress shirt, blue blazer and a pair of brown loafers.  While putting on his clothes he thought about what Phoebe asked him the previous night before she went to sleep.
	“Did you tell my grandma’ that you’re getting married?”
	Pete was always direct with Phoebe and this time was no exception.
	“No,” he replied. “She decided to exclude me from your life by not thinking I should know, and I feel like any decision I make from this point on is independent of her.”
	Patty and Phoebe looked at Pete, and even Ronnie heard a different tone of voice than usual.
	“I don’t start shit but I’m sure gonna’ finish it,” he added.
	“Phoebe looked at Patty and Patty said, “You see, that man is a killer. He is an assassin. I remember that look in his eye when his team was playing Fellingham. That team had shit all over his team in the year he sat out and he wasn’t having it when the teams met. That night he dropped like 35 points and had 20 rebounds and then he talked to me after the game and was so sweet. Point is, don’t even fuck with this man. He is a good man. He loves unconditionally.”
	Phoebe smiled and then hugged Pete, “I love you, dad.”
	“I love you both like my life depends on it, Phoebe’s.”
	And then Patty leaned in and hugged Phoebe, “Is it okay of I love you, too?”
	Phoebe hugged tighter, “Is it okay if I call you mom?” It had been a few years since she had a mother figure she could rely on. It wasn’t as if she wanted to replace Isabel, she saw it more like a continuance of her womanly development.
	Patty replied, “You can call me anything you want. After all, you’re West Valley’s new sheriff.”
	They kissed and the new parents of a teenager left the room.   
TWENTY-NINE 
	Patty felt different as she got dressed for the day’s events.  Pete and Phoebe were both dressed as they hung out in the den until Patty was ready for makeup time.  She looked down at her ring and thought about all of the years she started doubting that she’s ever get to this point.  The number of assholes she had to pretend to date in order give the appearance of belonging and being normal.  One thing Patty wasn’t in life was average.  She was extraordinary in every way.
	Being out of her previous living situation gave her a new perspective.  Being with the man she had loved since she was eight years old was definitely a life fulfilling prophecy.  Being a mother when doing just that wasn’t on her list of life goals had completely changed her world for the better.  Of course, she thought, it didn’t hurt that this young woman was already 15 years into her life and was now in her professional orbit.  But she knew down deep that she would have loved Phoebe to the end of the earth and back no matter what age she was.
	Being a loyal teammate taught her to put herself on the line for others but being a wife and mom would elevate her existence to viewing happiness with focus on just three people.  It had been the greatest year of her life and apparently it was just warming up. 
	When Patty was fully dressed she yelled, “Makeup!” and Phoebe bounded off the couch with Veronica and they skipped into the master bedroom.  Patty had brought her makeup chair, table and mirror with her when she moved in and it added a new dimension to the room and house.
	“Are you excited?” Patty asked Phoebe as she applied mascara.
	Phoebe turned her head slightly and looked at Patty, “Are you?”
	Patty smiled, “Yeah, it’s unbelievable. I’ve had your dad in my head since I saw his picture in the paper his junior year when I was seven. I don’t think I had space in my heart for anyone else.”
	“Wow,” Phoebe replied. “I wish it was that easy for me.”
	“All you have is time,” Phoebe instructed. “The one thing I learned is to be patient. I’m always more concerned with making mistakes, especially if it’s doesn’t feel right.”
	“It just hasn’t felt right,” Phoebe stated.
	“What specifically hasn’t felt right, Phoebe’s?”
	“I haven’t really connected with anyone. Is there something wrong with me?” Phoebe asked.
	Patty stopped applying the mascara and gave Phoebe a stern look bit her tone was anything but serious, “You gotta’ walk before you run, honey.”
	Phoebe laughed and so did Patty as they hugged and were joined by Ronnie in the circle of trust.  They finished with the makeup application 15 minutes later and then the family drove over to West Valley Town Hall to make the union official.
	“We have two witnesses,” Mayor Abagail Spalding said to the group as she nodded at Phoebe and the county clerk, Richard Evans.
	“Three!” Phoebe exclaimed as Ronnie poked her head out of Phoebe’s backpack.
	“Three, it is,” Spalding said. “Most of the officiality of this occasion is in the paperwork, not as much in the spoken words. “So, I’ll just keep this simple as you two turn toward each other,” she explained. “Patty, do you take this very tall man to be your lawfully-wedded husband?”
	“I do,” she said as Pete slipped the platinum wedding band on her left index finger, where it took up permanent residence right next to engagement ring.
	Mayor Spalding turned to Pete and said, “Pete, do you take this blonde goddess to be your lawfully-wedded wife?”
	“I do,” Pete said as she slipped the ring on his left ring finger, which had been bare for some time and it now felt right again.
	“Well, but the power vested in me by the State of New York, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
	“Gladly,” Pete said as he kissed and then hugged Patty. They then shook hands with the mayor and county clerk before bringing Phoebe and Veronica into one of their infamous group hugs.
If Patty considered their legal wedding modest, she would certainly not feel the same way about the public viewing of their vows.  
	“How many people usually attend the girls’ games?” Pete asked Patty one morning as they did yoga in the basement.
	“Twenty of we’re lucky,” she replied, “and half of them our students who are just hanging around or waiting to use the court.”
	“What if we could generate a bigger crowd, at least near the tail end of the game, so they can see Phoebe and the team on display?”
	“I’d be all for that,” she replied. “And then thought about Pete’s mind, which was always playing a game of chess. 
	“Is there any rule that prohibits girls from playing boys’ sports?” he asked as the question and answer portion of the morning continued.
	“I think you need approval from the county for that, but it’s been done in sports like football and wrestling. Yeah, a kicker and the wrestling thing was baffling but they let her do it and she was quite good.”
	Pete didn’t follow up with a question so Patty continued where her left off while turning the tables.
	“Are you thinking of putting Phoebe on the boys’ team?”
	“She’s the best player in the school,” Pete replied. “Who cares what gender she is. Could she play both?”
	“Could you play both?” Patty asked.
	“Yeah, I was exhausted after carrying one team,” Pete replied, “but she doesn’t seem challenged and you know what happens when the three of us aren’t challenged. She’s 5’11” and probably will grow another two inches. On the girls’ team she could share the ball-handling duties with Raven, but on the boys’ team she could be a pure point guard.”
	“That makes a lot of sense. She’s been playing against boys most of her life anyway,” Patty stated. “I only got better by playing against people who were better than me and you obviously did the same.”
	“Yeah, I always played against people who were older than me. Why don’t we try it in practice later and see how it goes.”
	“Okay, and then we can talk to Berry and make some calls next week if necessary,” Patty agreed. “But I know that wasn’t your original idea.”
	“No, but I started thinking about it because Phoebe asked me recently if she thought I could play as well as the boys. I told that she could do anything she put her mind to.”
	Patty was focused on Pete’s original intent, since it was obvious that Phoebe could compete against the boys. Hell, she felt as if her shitty boys high school team would have been better than their two wins if she played on that team.
	“You’re planning our public marriage between games at center court, aren’t you?”
	Pete smirked, “I gave you enough hints! I know how much we both hate surprises, so I thought you would love the idea. Some of our old teammates will be there as well as your prior students and athletes.”
	She smiled, “Yeah, I love the idea!” as Patty and Pete kissed.
THIRTY
	The next day at practice while the girls were working on some shooting drills on the side courts and the boys were getting ready to scrimmage, Pete quickly interceded after talking to Patty.
	“Phoebe, Raven, run with the second team,” he said to his daughter and her best friend, who instantly went from drill mode to go time.  As starters on the girls’ team they already had the blue side of their reversible practice jerseys on, so they flipped to the never-used yellow side usually worn by the second team.
	Phoebe and Raven came into the huddle as Pete said, “Miles, you run the point.” Miles Lowery hadn’t exhaled in weeks while in the gym. The junior guard had been thrown into a role that he wasn’t ready for yet and was becoming increasingly uneasy about whether he could withstand the rigors of the season. The talent pool for basketball players was fairly thin at the school, at least for boys, so Pete and Patty were planning to enhance the development of the grade school and middle school by holding summer camps.  Principal Berry was on board because the gym was underutilized over the summer and the camps could bring in some extra money to fund various programs for the school years, as Pete detailed in his proposal.
	Phoebe and Raven looked at Patty and she said, “Apply pressure and up the tempo,” signifying that last year’s girls’ coach would run the gold and Pete would advise the blue team. 
	They bumped fists with Patty and simply nodded.
	Pete walked into the blue team huddle and said to Lowery, “Keep your head up,” and then he said to his tallest player, Bryan Montgomery, “If he gets in trouble come to the ball and Miles will throw the ball above your head,” Pete said as he illustrated the action to Montgomery with  basketball. “Make sure you keep the ball above your head. The minute you bring it around your waist, it will be gone. They will take it. Let’s keep the ball moving.”
	Patty said to Pete, “She’s doing that thing that you do. Where you see things before they happen.”
	Pete was visualizing as well and all he could offer was a nod of his own.
	The 10-minute scrimmage started with an opening tap at center court that Montgomery easily won because he was the longest person in the gym.  The ball went back to 5’10” Lowery who instantly had Raven inside of his jersey, her intensity immediately making him feel unsettled.  Even though Phoebe and Raven had only played together less than a month, they were always on the same frequency.  
Once Phoebe saw that Lowery was having trouble bringing the ball across half-court, she pushed up on the person she was guarding, starting shooting guard Trey Lockwood.  She gave Lockwood a little daylight and then closed the gap when Lowery dropped his head and tried to fire a pass in her direction.  Phoebe easily intercepted the pass, flipped the ball to Raven who took two dribbles the other way and then flipped the ball back to Phoebe for an easy layup.
The difference in size between the boys’ and girls’ boys was noticeable, if not significant, but Phoebe always shot around with the larger ball so it would be easier once she used the smaller ball in her games.  Just as the ball went in, Raven yelled “Five!” which signified a man-to-man full-court press.  Since the two teams used similar signals, the pieces of the yellow team quickly came together.
Morris Clairmont took the ball out of bounds and Pete yelled, “Bryan,” as the lanky and awkward Montgomery galloped from center court, where he had barely moved, to the opposite foul line.  Raven was still inside of Lowery’s shirt and there was no way that he was going to get the ball.  Pete could feel impending disaster as the ball floated in Montgomery’s direction before he had cemented his feet in quicksand.  Predictably, he caught the ball and then took too many steps, “Traveling,” Patty said as she blew her whistle.
The yellow team had possession and Raven quickly dribbled the ball around the key until Phoebe was open, and then Phoebe released the ball from behind the three-point line before Trey Lockwood could react.  It was 5-0 before the blue team even knew what hit them.  Normally, in such a stunning circumstance, Pete would call a timeout to try to settle his team down.  But he looked at Patty and smirked, and she realized that he was trying to make a point with letting them struggle.
Two minutes later, the score was 10-0 after Phoebe hit another three-pointer and then Raven hit a shot from the foul line, smirking at Pete while acknowledging the extra work they put in had given her renewed confidence.  The girls on the side of the court were going crazy as Pete nodded at Patty to blow her whistle and everyone stopped, even Raven, who was still shadowing Lowery.
Pete walked onto the floor, “Now when I was playing, if I was on the blue team and we were supposed to be the best five on the varsity, we would be running suicides for the next five minutes until we got angry enough to show who we really were.  The threat of which would motivate us to play harder.  I’m gonna’ give you guys a choice, since this is a different time and I’m not a complete jerk.”
He turned to the blue team and said, “Either you can run until you’re motivated or Raven and Phoebe can flip to blue and Lowery and Lockwood can flip to yellow.”
Lowery and Lockwood saved their teammates and what was left of their pride and flipped their jerseys to yellow while Phoebe and Raven responded in kind by flipping to blue.  Pete looked at Patty and she looked right back at him, as their plan was working perfectly.  While the girls at Pete’s high school were not on the same level as the boys’ team in his day, they had made incredible progress 10 years later when Patty played.  She said to Pete that she wanted to play on the dreadful boys team but Coach Terry wouldn’t let her.  He said something about rules and how he couldn’t break them.
Zoom ahead another 10 years and the boys hadn’t gotten much better and there were a couple of girls who were about to obliterate the line between genders.  Without any words from Pete and Patty, the first team of Phoebe and Raven in the backcourt, Bryan Montgomery at center, and Morris Clairmont and Ricky Gross at forwards blended together seamlessly like they had been playing together for years.  Phoebe transitioned from a scorer to Ervin ‘Magic’ Johnson in the blink of an eye, distributing the ball to open teammates who knocked down the open shots.
There was also full relief on the faces of Lowery and Lockwood who were now in a bench role where they could excel.  Approval for the girls playing on the boys’ team was swift by both the school district and the county athletic supervisor, which displayed a lack of respect for the real ability of Phoebe and Raven.  Challenges like this had come and gone in the past and it was rarely impactful beyond the initial noise of something different being in the news.
“I still worry about overloading Phoebe and Raven,” Pete said to Patty expressing his concern as an athlete and parent.
“I love my varsity team but we’re gonna’ have to make a choice. If it was me, I would want to reach higher. I say we sacrifice the girls’ team this year for the betterment of our sport, our gender, our continuing search for equality.”
“I agree,” Pete replied. “I was watching the girls’ junior varsity team yesterday and there are a few girls that I think we can move up to varsity.  Let me look into that since the junior varsity is a veritable farm team for the varsity anyway, right?”
“Yeah,” Patty replied. “I never really looked at it that way.”
THIRTY-ONE	   
        Go time.  The girls’ varsity team warmed up with its two new players in a game they probably would have won before Phoebe and Raven crossed the stream.  The opponent wasn’t strong and they had no idea what kind of bullet they dodged until they saw the two girls playing in the later game.  
Pete had spent a few years of his life on the bench and didn’t enjoy a second of it.  He knew he should be playing and the wait to get some light killed him.  Pete also was able to externalize what at isolating experience it could be, so he focused on educating the people on the bench while trying to keeping them engaged in the game.
“I know this isn’t recreational or intramural basketball, but I think we should find time to get everyone in the game,” he said to Patty earlier in the day.
“Yeah, I spent one season on the bench in eighth grade and it totally sucked. “Why don’t you handle the subs for the first game and I’ll work the refs and we’ll share the play calling.”
Pete nodded in agreement, “You got it, boss.”
The West Valley Junior Varsity Rockets were down by two at halftime, 22-20, and every person on the team had played at least two minutes.
“You can now see what we’re trying to accomplish here,” Pete said. “I want you all to be ready to play at any moment – keep your head’s in the game – and be ready to give maximum effort for as long as you’re in there!”
Patty added, “No one player is more valuable than the next. Coach Berman might have his picture in the hallway. I might have my picture there as well. But we didn’t get there alone. Our teammates were everything to us, and that’s why they’re coming back tonight to be with us on one of the most important days of our lives. It’s us against them,” she added, “Let’s get it in here!” she yelled. “On three, Rockets for life!”
And then the group yelled, “Rockets for life!” as she and Pete bumped fists and went out for the second half.
“They had trouble with our press,” Pete said. “Let’s try to keep that up for the rest of the game and wear them out. That will give us some easy hoops in transition.”
“Yeah,” Patty replied. “Pedal to the metal.”
The team came out super aggressive with players on the court giving maximum effort until they were able to sit and catch their breath.  Kelpham turned the ball over repeatedly, which led to the easy baskets that Pete was talking about.  West Valley took a four-point lead into the fourth quarter and never looked back, winning the game by eight points, 42-34 while employing 14 different players much of the game.
“Wow, that was like a buzzsaw,” Principal Berry said to Pete after the final buzzer sounded.
“You have to use what you have,” he replied and Berry nodded in understanding. “Now go use what you have and get married,” Berry said as Pete smirked and the two men hugged. “See you in a minute.”
Pete was already wearing a suit and all he had to do was put the same flower on his lapel that everyone was wearing.  It was one of the few times he was a conformist in his life, preferring to stand alone most of the time with only the courage of his conviction.  Much of his formative growth took place on the floor of the Launching Pad and more was in store for him even in his late-30s.
Old teammates came by to say hello and his old coach, Coach Terry, stopped in to see what was happening in his absence.
“Wow, Pete! Things really have changed around here,” Terry said as they had only a few moments to chat.
Pete was about to say, “For the better,” but he simply nodded and let the old guy keep overstating his impact at the school. Pete always thought that just about any coach would have done when he was playing just as long as they didn’t fuck it up and rock the boat.  Pete thought that Terry was smart enough to know that the coach of the team was on the court, not sitting on a plastic chair near the stands.
The players both young and old, male and female lined the center of the court for the procession of key figures to walk through.  First came Veronica, who received a nice ovation from the crowd as flowers cascaded from the basket she was holding in her mouth.  She was being held by her sister Phoebe, who most of the people in the crowd were there to see.  Phoebe received the first, and definitely not the last, standing ovation of her life as she waved to the crowd and reveled in the moment.  She was already jacked up and this told her that she was at the right place and exactly the right time.
Next up was Pete, who had left his curtain calls in college and also this court two decades earlier.  He walked through the lineup as his former brothers razzed him with every step.  Pete walked to center court and kissed Ronnie and then Phoebe before standing near Principal Berry, who was going to officiate the unofficial ceremony.
Last, and certainly not least, was Patty.  She was glowing.
“She’s glowing,” Pete said to Berry who replied, “I’ve never seen her so happy.”
She high-fived with ex-teammates and current players, and then waved to the crowd before handed her bouquet to Phoebe and then settling next to Pete.
The full crowd quieted, although there was a Madison Square Garden-like buzz still hovering over the Launching Pad.
“This is truly a special occasion,” Principal Berry began. “When you are the principal of a school, you hope for the best and expect that the people who excelled within these West Valley walls will make their mark on the world. Today we have two of the best of West Valley joining together to make what I would like to think is a super team. Pete Berman from the Class of 1981 still hold most of the basketball records and led our boys team to their last division championship. He went on to score over 1,000 points in college as a two-year captain and he had a full athletic scholarship throughout college. He was arguably the greatest basketball player of all time for our program, and the last time this gym was full for a game he was in the middle of it. And then we have our own Patty McGuire, who pretty soon will become Patty Berman. She was the greatest female basketball player in the history of our school. She also scored over 1,000 points in college and had a four-year athletic scholarship. She coached at her alma-matter for a few years and then decided to come home, and we have been better for it since then.”
With the introductory part of the evening concluded, Berry got down to business.
“I feel honored to be standing here on such a historical night in front of our great town!” he said as the crowd cheered.
“Pete, do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife. To care for, to split coaching duties, to always love through only good times and good health, as long as you both shall live?”
Pete smiled, “I do.”
He then turned to Patty, “Patty, do you take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband, to split coaching duties, to always love only through good times and good health, as long as you both shall live?”
Patty smiled, “I do.”  
“By the power vested in me by the West Valley School District as well as an online course I took this morning, I now pronounce you as man and wife. Mr. Berman you make now kiss Mrs. Berman.”
Pete and Patty met in a tasteful kiss and then hugged as confetti streamed from the stands and Veronica and Phoebe came into join their customary hug party.  They were four strong and an extremely happy and connected bunch.
Well-wishers congratulated the couple after Berry hugged both Pete and Patty.  The floor slowly cleared as a group of students quickly cleared the floor of debris in time for the main event of the evening to start.
THIRTY-TWO
Local news outlets were in attendance with the hope it could ascend to a national audience.  The story of two girls breaking the gender barrier was the initial attraction, but as the actual genesis of the family’s lives came into focus it became so much more.
The game was an event within itself as it immediately became natural for these girls to be playing with guys.  Pete never looked at gender, or color, or race, or height, or weight, or sexual orientation, or any personal characteristic that people either assign a discount or premium to.  What he saw when he looked at the court was the five best people in the school on the court.  And instead of telling the last two players on the team that they no longer had enough uniforms after adding Raven and Phoebe, Pete went out and spent his own money to get two more unfirms delivered before the game.
“Family doesn’t discriminate. Family doesn’t segregate. Family doesn’t procrastinate. We are there for each other. We care about each other. If something happens to one of us it happens to all of us!” Pete said to the team in the locker room before the game. “Our brothers and sister came back to support us tonight and that bond will last forever. We are a family and you can always count on the Berman’s to have your back. Let’s go out there and be ourselves and leave it all out there.”
They came together and Patty said, “On three, family,” and then the group yelled “One, two, three, FAMILY!”
Bryan Montgomery was already heavily invested in both Raven and Phoebe, so putting them on his team made him their de facto protector.  At a muscular 6’4” he was an imposing figure who made it apparent from the opening tap that anyone fuckin’ with his girls would suffer his wrath.
The Kelpham five were just as distracted by the scowl on Montgomery’s face than stepping to the center circle with two girls.  Surprisingly, for the opposition and the home team alike, it felt as normal as any other game only with a fully engaged crowd.
For this game, Pete was going to focus on the offense while Patty, the defensive specialist, was making the calls on the other side of the floor.  Montgomery easily controlled the opening tap, guiding the ball to Raven who had already talked to Pete before she started the game so she knew what play to call.
She put up a single right index finger, which signified that the team was going to run its foundational pick-and-roll set.  She dribbled to the right side of the court, her speed surprising the kid who was trying to stay with her.  Oliver Evans was so focused on catching up to Raven that he didn’t see the brick wall of Montgomery standing on the right side of the key waiting for him.  Pete had spent hours with Montgomery on the importance of standing perfectly still when setting a pick, with any movement likely resulting in a foul.
Evans bounced off Bryan, Raven through a bounce pass to Phoebe, who moved toward the hoop past the person who was guarding her, stopping near the baseline and flipping a pass behind her head in the air toward the front of the basket where rolling Montgomery who jumped in the air and dunked the ball through the basket.  The crowd went crazy, standing and throwing streamers on the court in what became a new first basket tradition.
The game was secondary to the comfort.  The final score was secondary to the ease of the flow of the game, even though West Valley prevailed 58-44.  Raven and Phoebe were interviewed after the game and there was a few-day delay between them and the Berman family becoming local to national and then international sensations.         
A picture of the three original protagonists, Isabel, Pete and Patty surfaced from that night when Pete hit the winning shot and then signed Patty’s t-shirt.  It was taken by a student who took most of the pictures at games and other events and then made a business doing wedding, Bar-Mitzvahs, Sweet 16s and other life events. 
“I have never seen that photo, but it is depicted exactly as I remembered it,” she said to Oprah Winfrey in a special interview with Pete. First Oprah talked to Raven and Phoebe, and then Pete and Patty, and then all of them together.
“I don’t think you understand the impact this has across the globe for girls, for women, for boys, for men, for black, for brown, for white, for transgender, for anyone who has been told they can’t do something.
“The word ‘no’ does not exist in our family, unless Veronica is about to jump on the table or respect is not shown,” Pete said as Phoebe petted Ronnie. 
“I am inspired by this and quite frankly, I’m not easily inspired,” Oprah stated. 
“We love you, Oprah!” Raven exclaimed. “You are like our parents’ best friend who listens and tells it like it is and, for me, you have been like a cool auntie who we can come to and tell you anything and you support us.”
Later in the interview Phoebe said, “My mom would be proud of us for being brave, she would be proud of my dad for being the loving father she always knew he would be, and she would also be proud of Patty, mom, for being her partner in time and loving me and dad.”
Not a dry eye in the studio and the audience as Oprah said, “We have to take a break to reload on Kleenex. We’ll be right back.”
The interview finished with Oprah asking everyone what they wanted for the future.
Pete said, “I big believer in following your dreams, so Patty and I will support wherever that takes Phoebe and Raven. My English teacher was instrumental in giving me the foundation to write. And it was through his positivity that I found my voice. I want to continue to spread that positivity and pave the way for the next generation.”
Patty said, “I love what I do. I love my Berman family and my family at work. I will also be behind Phoebe and Raven as we guide them to the next level, the next life challenge. We must continue to clear paths that have consistently been impediments.”
Phoebe said, “Raven and I are sisters along with our big brother Bryan Montgomery. Wherever I go from this day they will be by my side along with my parents. This is more about sports. We are also good students who put just as much work into our studies than sports.  I am going to continue to push conventions and boundaries, Oprah.”
“Yes, we don’t want to be labeled, Oprah,” Raven added. “This is not a fad, or a one-time thing, this is a revolution, an evolution, a new day, straight or gay, tall or short, we are here to report, that the past is the past and we plan to make this new way of thinking last.”
Oprah smiled, “The future is bright in West Valley and throughout the universe. Oprah’s Book Club is recommending Pete Berman’s book The Rivalry. It’s a real page turner for both parents and kids alike.”
EPILOGUE            
The success of Phoebe and Raven playing on the boys’ varsity basketball team led to an integration of some high school sports, such as basketball, tennis and volleyball, where anyone could play together at any time.  The best players were encouraged to play as boundaries were slowly eroded.
Raven and Phoebe continued to play together in college, as Bryan Montgomery also tagged along and became manager of the team and head of security.  They played four years at Northwestern University on full athletic scholarships and then played in the WNBA together for the New York Liberty for 10 years.  While playing in the WNBA, they got their master’s in education with the thought of returning home one day and taking over for Pete and Patty.  Montgomery became their agent and also got the necessary education to make his mark once again on his high school.
As for Pete and Patty, they continued to coach at West Valley until Phoebe, Raven and Bryan returned.  They toured the world as goodwill ambassadors and gave inspirational speeches to groups of all ages and were also on the lucrative corporate circuit that set them up nicely for the rest of their lives.  When Phoebe, Raven and Bryan returned, the dynamic duo continued to act as athletic directors for a few years before retiring from active duty. Pete had written 10 New York Times Best Sellers and he and his wife and editor were happy traveling and talking to anyone who would listen.  It was a good life spent doing what they all loved with the simplicity and ease of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  
   
