
Phantom Riders MC
Hawk

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2016 Tory Richards
All Rights Reserved.
Published by Tory Richards




This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only, and is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.



Tory Richards: http://www.toryrichards.com
Email: toryrichards60@gmail.com

‘Author’s note: All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.’





Chapter 1

Audra

I took a deep breath and reluctantly opened the restroom door just enough so that I could peek out and make sure no one was around. Certain that I’d seen one of the men who worked for my fiancé, I’d ducked inside the service station bathroom to hide. A half an hour had to be enough time for him to determine that I wasn’t there, so he should have been gone by now.

The restroom was located at the back of the service station, so I hadn’t really expected to see anyone. My gaze took in the neat row of trees directly across from me and the highway on the other side. I could see flashes of vehicles speed by and knew that I had to gain access to a car in order to get away from there fast. 

Dane wouldn’t give up. I knew he wouldn’t. He’d worked too hard to get to where he was. Though he professed to love me and wanted to take care of me, I wasn’t stupid enough to believe that he would put me above the empire he’d built. He was untouchable, or so I thought. I’d seen hints of his true darkness before but had brushed them off because I hadn’t wanted to believe that he was a monster. 

I pulled my hoodie up and tucked my long hair inside. I’d have to think about dying it. Not too many people had my color red, it would be easy to spot, but when I’d made my decision to run there hadn’t been time to change my appearance in any way. It was enough to know that Dane and his men wouldn’t be searching for a woman wearing holey jeans and a black hoodie that was two sizes too big. That had been done in an attempt to hide the curves of my figure and to possibly pass for a boy.

Until this morning I’d never stolen anything in my life. The fact that I’d stopped at the town Laundromat and had rummaged through someone else’s dryer showed just how desperate I was, and to the more observant eye, how frightened.  Because a frightened woman would be the only one stealing someone else’s clothes, right? At least I’d left behind a designer piece of my own that would more than pay for the clothes I’d taken. After making a quick change, I’d exited the building through the back entrance. 

I kept my head down as I nervously made my way to the front of the station, glancing up every now and then to take a look around. Dane and I shared a penthouse apartment in Las Vegas and had taken his private plane to New Hampshire on a business trip. Because of that my options for escape were next to nothing except for the bus I’d hoped on just outside the small town of Last Hope in Coös County. Destination-Anywhere-Away-From-Dane. I would go as far as a hundred dollars cash would take me because I was afraid to use a credit card. The cash hadn’t taken me far, and the bus I’d taken was long gone.

When I rounded the corner to the building my eyes landed on the motorcycles that were parked at the gas pumps. There were three of them, huge, powerful Harleys, expensive, too, if my untrained gaze was correct. How hard would it be to steal a Harley? Maybe a better question would be, ‘How far would I make it before one of the other two riders caught up to me?’

A quick glance revealed there was no one around, and that the owners must have been inside the store. I looked toward the glass front of the store but I couldn’t make anything out that was going on inside. As I pulled my gaze back I noticed that there were two other vehicles parked at the side of the store. I nearly had a heart attack when I realized that one of them belonged to Dane’s men. I knew, because it was exactly the type of SUV that he always used when we went anywhere.

Why were they still there?

I quickly pulled the hoodie closer around my face and swung back to the bikes. I supposed it would be too much to hope for that the keys would still be in the ignition of one of them. I moved closer to one, trying to be nonchalant as I examined the huge machine, taking in the beautiful Phantom Riders MC logo painted on the tank. I’d never ridden on a motorcycle, much less driven one, but I was just desperate enough to try. How hard could it be? As my gaze moved casually over the dashboard, I saw them. 

The keys!

A rush of excitement raced through me, and I acted without thinking. I swung my leg over the seat, which was no easy feat for my short stature, and reached for the keys. My gaze barely acknowledged the heavy metal skull hanging on the key ring as I turned it to start the bike.

“What the fuck—”

I barely had time to register the growl of rage behind me before a huge hand fell on my shoulder, bunched up the extra material there, and hauled me roughly off the bike as easily as if I were a child. As I was shaken like a rag doll, my hoodie fell off my head. I glanced up at the giant at the same time that he pulled back his tight fist to hit me. A loud gasp escaped me and I scrunched up my face, waiting for the explosion of pain and the sound of broken bones, that I was sure was coming.

“Fuck!”

I opened my eyes to see his huge fist paused just inches from connecting to my face. His expression was fierce, everything about it pulled taut over his cheek and jaw bones, eyes the color of black ice were glaring down at me, narrowing as I watched the man take in my features and hair. His gaze raked over my figure, and he frowned even more as if he were trying to figure out what I was. When his icy glare returned to my face, his fist relaxed and he reached forward, pulling my waist length hair forward.

“Who the fuck are you?” he snarled. 

“No one,” I said softly. I couldn’t think clearly enough to make something up, only knowing I didn’t want him to know my name. The man was terrifying, and I was shaking like a leaf. 

Movement near the store drew my gaze away to see that two other men were coming out. All three of them were dressed in the same way, in jeans, boots, black t-shirts and leather cuts that warned me that they probably belonged to a motorcycle club. The two men paused to light cigarettes, their interested gaze falling on me. 

The giant that was holding me gave me a violent shake to get my attention again. “I almost destroyed your face, woman. What are you doing messing around with my bike?”

“Nothing,” I said in the same soft tone as before. 

“It didn’t look like fucking nothing to me. Where did you think you were going?” 

“Nowhere.” I watched as his friends began to walk toward us. At the same time another man walked out of the store, and my panic level grew as I recognized one of Dane’s bodyguards who’d traveled with us from Vegas. I quickly yanked the hoodie up and tucked my hair back into it, turning my face away as much as I could. “Please help me,” I begged.

The man scared the shit out of me, but at the moment, he was the lesser of two evils. I knew what I could expect from Dane, and would take my chances with the giant. I peeked at him from beneath my hoodie. His expression hadn’t changed. His eyes were narrowed on me like a scrutinizing hawk.

“Please…”

He glanced in the direction that I had. “Who are you running from?” 

“Please take me away from here. We can talk later.” I held his gaze, trying not to cry, but the situation was starting to get to me. If Dane’s man recognized me and he forced me back to Las Vegas, God knew what would happen to me. “I’ll pay you,” I said in desperation.

The giant continued to scowl at me. I got the impression that my offer of money had peaked his interest, but when his gaze ran down the length of me again, I realized that he might want something more than money. Then he surprised me by reaching forward and grabbing and squeezing my breast. It was by sheer will power that I stood there and didn’t react. I couldn’t afford to.

“Get the fuck on.” He turned toward his two friends. “Let’s ride.”

I mounted his bike, heart pounding in my chest, and waited, too afraid to check to see where Dane’s bodyguard had gone. Was I exchanging one bad situation for another? Right then I didn’t care. At least with the biker I had a chance of getting away from there. We were in a small, northern town, so my options were few and far between.

Movement out of the corner of my eye pulled my gaze to the other two men. They peered at me with quiet curiosity, yet didn’t say anything. As they turned their backs to me to mount their bikes I saw the Phantom Riders MC logo stitched across their shoulders. In the next instant my temporary savior was throwing his long, muscular leg over his seat in front of me and planting his butt snug against my pussy.

“You ever ride?” he growled over his shoulder.

I shook my head before realizing that he couldn’t see it. “No.”

I felt him tense. “You’ve never fucking rode and you were going to steal my bike?”

He waited a second, and I knew that he was expecting a response. “I was desperate,” I said lamely.

Without warning he reached behind, grabbed my hands and pulled my arms around his waist. “I hope you’re fucking desperate enough,” he grumbled in a deep voice, turning the key in the ignition. “Hold on tight.”

He barely got the words out before we were taking off. 




Chapter 2

Hawk


I took the entrance ramp onto the interstate, merged into traffic, and picked up speed. Keg and Clay were right behind me. Home was just a few hours away, but we weren’t in any hurry and had already planned to spend a couple of nights out. We’d just spent two days fighting in Last Hope and deserved some down time. I thought about the woman behind me, undecided if I was going to take her with us all the way or not. I didn’t know what her agenda was, but I sure as hell was going to get some answers the next time we stopped. 

Something had happened back at the gas station that had spooked her, but it was the soft appeal in her big, green eyes that sealed my decision to help her, that, and all her fucking red hair. I’d never been a fan of redheads, but when I’d pulled the length of that silky fire from where she’d had it tucked back my dick had jerked. I was a fan of long hair, especially when I was pounding into a woman from behind.

That wasn’t something I fucking wanted to think of right then, but it was hard not to. Fucking hell, her cunt was so snug against my backside that I could feel the swampy heat of it. The jeans that she was wearing were just tight enough to show the curve of her hips and ass, but her sweatshirt was baggy on her, hiding what she had from the waist up. Her large tit had been real enough, though.

Christ, she was still trembling. I could feel it in her arms and legs. She was running, and from something or someone that had frightened her enough to make her chance stealing my bike and then come with me. That in itself was fucking dangerous. She didn’t know me. I wasn’t just big, I was a mean bastard. I ran my club with an iron fist, and anyone who knew me would never lay a fucking finger on my bike. Not unless they wanted it broken. She’d done a lot more. 

I realized her arms had loosened up too much and I turned my head so that she could hear me. “Unless you want to become road kill, tighten your fucking arms around me!”

She did so immediately. I glanced down to see her small hands link together at my waist. For someone who’d never been on a bike before she wasn’t doing too badly, leaning into the curves instead of away from them. I fucking hoped she was desperate enough to handle what was ahead of her, because until I knew for certain what her game was, or decided to turn her loose, I was keeping her close. The club had enemies, I had enemies, and it wouldn’t be the first fucking time a rival club planted a snitch in our midst. 

A woman snitch at that.

There was one good thing-if she was trouble, it wouldn’t be coming from the Red Devils. With Wildman finally dead, along with a decent number of his men, what was left of his MC had disbursed. I’d been glad to help Wild Marauders and Dark Menace MC’s take the bastards down. Red Devils had been a thorn in all our sides for too damned long. Getting rid of the outlaw club had eliminated one of many obstacles, but there were always more. That was the way of club life. 

I felt a light tap on my shoulder and turned my head instinctively.

“I have to go.”

Yes, you do. “Hold it.” I clenched my teeth with irritation and turned back to the road. 

Another tap on my shoulder before a desperate, “Please, mister.” I growled. She must have heard me. “Unless you don’t mind pee on your seat.”

Fuck it! I had a thought to just pull off to the side of the road and tell her to find a bush, but the sign announcing a rest stop ahead changed my mind. Clay and Keg could probably use a smoke, and I could use the break to check in with Rock. A couple of the crew had run into trouble doing a protection run, and I wanted to know who the unidentified pricks were affiliated with.

I gave the hand signal to Clay and Keg and veered to the right toward the rest stop. It was a small one, not much more than restrooms and a few vending machines. I pulled in and cut the engine, reaching for my cell. Keg and Clay pulled up on either side of me. I sensed their interest in my passenger, their eyes watching her like a hawk as she tried to dismount. 

We’d been riding for two hours, and my guess was that she was numb from the waist down. She clutched my cut for support and got off with a slight moan. I watched her straighten up, and then arch her back. My gaze dropped briefly down her body before meeting her eyes.

“Five minutes.” I pulled up Rock’s number.

“She’s so cute, Prez! Can we keep her?”

I wasn’t in the mood for Clay’s playful tone and glared at him. “Shut the fuck up.” I put the phone up to my ear, my gaze following the woman as she walked to the restroom. From behind she could almost pass for a boy if it hadn’t been for the way her ass filled out those jeans. Nice and round, cock worthy. My observation surprised me because I didn’t usually admire the female form. Didn’t much care if she was fat, skinny, white, or black, as long as she had all the working parts to satisfy my dick.  

I was a cold fuck when it came to women, having learned the hard way that they were only good for one thing. Any softness or good feelings about them had been burned away from my consciousness a long time ago, beginning with the woman who’d called herself my old lady. She was a woman I’d given everything to, and gladly, without question. 

Her betrayal had left me cold and heartless when it came to a woman’s needs. I didn’t kiss them, I didn’t hold them, and I sure as fuck didn’t do all that foreplay shit before I fucked them. No time for that. When I wanted to get my dick wet I reached for the one closest to me and either she was up for it or she wasn’t. And if she was smart, she learned how I liked things real fast. 

Rock didn’t answer, which probably meant that he was some place where he couldn’t talk without giving himself away. I crammed the phone back into my pocket and dismounted my bike. Clay and Keg were talking and smoking next to Keg’s hog. My gaze went toward the restroom. What was taking her so long? I decided to find out. The place was empty except for us, so I rounded the corner and entered the tiled room. I didn’t see her, but I could hear her. 

“I’m good for now. The biker guys I’m with seem okay. No, I didn’t get any names,” I heard her say in a low tone, and it dawned on me that she was talking to someone on the phone. “No one can know, if Dane finds me—” Silence, and then, “He has the resources, and I’ve seen his henchmen, so I know they’re looking for me—look, as soon as I get somewhere I’ll call you back. I’ve got to go now.”

I crossed my arms and waited for her to open the stall door. When she did she saw me, jumped, screamed, and slipped her phone into a pocket. Our eyes met, hers were round and filled with guilt. 

“The men’s room out of order?” she asked with a nervous smile.

“No.” I didn’t move from my spot against the wall. “Who the fuck was you talking to?” 

“A friend.”

“Who’s Dane?” I’d heard the name before but couldn’t place it.

Her smile faded. “Not a friend.”

I was getting tired of her abrupt, flippant responses that didn’t really say anything. Kicking away from the wall, I walked her backwards against the same stall door she’d just exited. She gasped, her eyes growing large as she looked up at me. When her back came up against the door she tried to shrink away from me but there was really nowhere for her to go. I towered over her and held her captive without actually touching her.

As long as she was with me she needed to know the fucking rules. “Let’s get some things clear, woman—”

“Audra.”

I frowned. “What?”

She smiled again. “My name is Audra.”

Audra? I’d never heard the name before. “I don’t give a fuck.” Her smile disappeared. “Look, when I ask you a question I expect an answer that actually tells me something. I don’t know what—”

“Who.”

Was she correcting me? Christ, she was beginning to really piss me off. “I don’t know who you’re running from, and I really don’t care, unless it’s going to come back on me and my brothers.” I didn’t know why we were even discussing it. I could just dump her ass and be done with it.

“It won’t. Dane doesn’t have the balls to confront real men, he has men on his payroll to do that. Dane only goes after people weaker than him.”

I frowned, because the way that she spoke indicated that there was something more between her and Dane, something deeper. “Is he your ex?”

She didn’t hesitate. “He is now.”

“He abuse you?”

“Yes.”

I stared at her for a moment. Abuse of women and children didn’t sit right with me, or with any of my brothers. There weren’t any signs of abuse on her pretty face, but I knew that didn’t mean anything. There were a lot of different ways to mistreat someone. She was covered from her neck down to her feet, and I wondered if her body gave evidence to anything.

As if reading my mind, she said, “Do you need proof?”

“Yes.” I knew I was a bastard, but I didn’t trust her. I didn’t trust any woman for that matter, and her spirit belied the idea that she’d let any man abuse her. She was too fucking feisty and independent. Besides, I never turned down a challenge.

I could tell that my response had angered her when she put her hands against my chest and gave me a shove. I stepped back and crossed my arms, wondering what she was going to do. Without hesitation she unzipped her hoodie and took it off, hanging it over the stall door behind her. That left her in a sleeveless blouse that buttoned down the front and hugged her fairly large tits. 

When her hands went up to undo the buttons, my fucking dick came to life. There was something hot about watching a woman unbuttoning her own blouse, watching her fingers move slowly down and over her tits until the material parted to expose her creamy flesh. My gaze followed her hands, waiting to see how much she was going to expose to me. 

I didn’t see any strip of white between her tits to indicate that she was wearing a bra, and her nipples had turned hard, as if trying to break through the clinging material. Any other woman and time, and I’d have thought that she was trying to turn me on, but her actions were almost angry. Just when I thought she was about to fucking treat me to the sight of her tits, she spun around and removed her shirt, draping it over her hoodie. 

Fire licked at her skin down to her waist until she lifted her hair up to show me her backside. 
I had time to take in the colorful bruises before she turned back around. I checked out the fucking bruises marring her creamy skin before raising my gaze to hers. Defiance lit the green of her eyes as she glared back at me. Shit! My dick was in full-blown fuck mode now, and seeing her naked tits and those diamond hard nipples was enough to make me want to bend her over the sink and fuck her hard.

What the fuck? 

“Satisfied?” she asked smugly, holding my gaze. “If not, I can take off my pants.”

She had no idea the trouble she was inviting. “Get dressed.” I turned and exited the restroom.




Chapter 3

Audra

I knew the huge biker in front of me wanted me. He was sporting a hard-on the size of a bat. Well, okay, maybe it wasn’t that big, but it was still massive, still, I got the impression that he didn’t let his cock rule him. If anything, he seemed annoyed by his reaction to me. As I watched him stomp away, I released a breath of relief and put my shirt back on.

I was thankful that he hadn’t taken me up on my offer to remove my jeans. All he would have seen would have been more bruises from Dane’s beating. I’d let the biker believe that I was being abused, when in fact the beating I’d received before leaving my ex had been the one and only time Dane had put his hands on me in anger. I would never remain in an abusive relationship, and my running away had everything to do with that.

And the fact that I’d seen him murder an innocent man.

The man I’d been with for three years, and thought I’d loved, had killed another man in cold blood. I knew because I’d walked into it while it was happening, only ducking out of sight when the shock had worn off and I’d realized what was about to transpire. Only I hadn’t been quick enough, and one of Dane’s men had spotted me. He’d let Dane go through with his intentions before letting everyone in the room know that I was there.

I leaned back against the stall door and closed my eyes, reliving the nightmare of the last two days. Seeing a man lying on the floor, blood flowing out of the bullet hole in his head, was an image I’d never get out of my mind. The look in Dane’s eyes when he’d realized that I was there had clearly warned me not to expect any special considerations if I caused any trouble, and I hadn’t. When it came to his business he was all business, and he didn’t let our personal relationship sway his actions. It was that, and the following happenings, that had showed me how serious he was.

And how screwed I was.

He’d beaten me and told me that I could expect worse if I told anyone what I’d seen. I think he’d truly believed that he had everything under control after that, that I was cowed into doing whatever he wanted. All it had done was show me how unstable he was, and make me want to get away from him as fast as I could.

The sound of motorcycles starting up jolted me back to the present. I grabbed my hoodie and rushed outside, expecting to see them riding off without me, relieved when I saw that they were still there. I picked up my step, aware that the three men were watching me, but the only one I was interested in was the big one who appeared to be the leader. His stony stare gave nothing away, and I sensed that he was a complex and very dangerous man.

“Thank you for not leaving me.” He could have, very easily. 

He didn’t say anything, just motioned with a jerk of his head for me to get on behind him. I wanted to ask where we were going, but it didn’t really matter. He’d saved my life back at the station, whether he knew it or not. Wherever I ended up I would deal with it then. I didn’t have any money left on me, but I had my phone and Carol would wire me whatever I needed. 

I climbed on, wrapped my arms around him, and we were off. The other two men pulled in behind us, and I couldn’t help but notice as time went on that they remained there, as if it were the natural order of how they traveled. Whenever we changed lanes, they followed suit, close, but not too close. Another thing that I noticed was the level of observation and awareness that cloaked the bikers. They were always on guard.

The man in front of me seemed to be aware of everything at the same time, and I wondered what he was looking for. Had I escaped one fire for another? At the time it had been my only option, begging to go with them and distancing myself from Dane’s henchmen, because I knew that they were probably going to kill me. What kind of danger had I put myself in with these men? I knew they were part of a biker club, but that’s all I knew.

As we continued down the highway, miles and miles of monotonous scenery rolled by that could easily have put me to sleep if I hadn’t been afraid of falling off the bike. Runners of grassy hillsides dotted with wildflowers and lakes, fences, and the occasional roadside signs went past in a blur. I became oblivious to the traffic around us, focusing on the loud rumble of the bike between my thighs, and the hard body I was clinging to. 

My body was pulsing due to the constant vibrations of the motorcycle beneath me. It was a pleasant, gentle manipulation of the sensitive area of my sex. It wasn’t bad enough that it massaged my pussy lips until I was squirming against the leather seat, but the vibration stimulated my clit until I felt the tell-tale signs of an approaching orgasm. I knew my breathing had picked up and I turned my open mouth against the biker’s collar beneath his flying hair, hoping to drown out the sounds of my climaxing.

Whether it did or not I didn’t care at the moment. I couldn’t have stopped it if I’d tried. The decision had brutally been taken out of my hands and my control was non-existent. I let go with helpless abandon, needing to feel something other than the fear and terror of the last two days, something that made me feel good, and alive, and what better than a mind-blowing orgasm against a big, bad biker? I closed my eyes and clutched at the hard abs beneath my hands, riding out the blissful wave of release.

Once it was over and I’d come back down to earth, realization of what I’d done hit me like a rock. Embarrassment began to set in as I realized that there was no way the man in front of me didn’t know what I’d just done. How could I have let myself get so carried away? It was the damn bike’s fault. It was like riding a giant dildo that wouldn’t turn off. I wondered how long it would be before my body became used to it.

Gradually daylight began to fade away. The brightness went down with the setting sun, and I could just make out the dim glimmer of stars and a partial moon in the sky. The temperature fell with twilight, and I was beginning to think I’d have to ask to make another pit stop. Plus, I was freaking starving, and that thought reminded me that I didn’t have a cent on me. How was I going to get food without money? 

Finally we took an exit off the highway, but it was another twenty minutes down a few back roads before we finally pulled into a bar. The neon sign on the road said “Juicy Lucy’s”. It was set away from the road, allowing for plenty of parking in the front, and the lot was packed, but we continued around to the back of the building, where it was dark and stunk to high heaven.

He pulled into a spot and cut the engine. “Get off,” he snapped.

“Well, since you asked so nicely,” I said sarcastically, and then moaned loudly when I tried to move. I ached everywhere! Ignoring the amused chuckles of his friends, I put my hands on his shoulders to steady myself, and eased my leg over the seat. When I went to take a step my legs buckled, and with a small cry I felt myself going down.

Fast as lightning an arm of steel wrapped around my middle and I was hauled up against a rock hard chest. I gasped at the impact. Without warning we were nose to nose, mouth to mouth, staring into each other’s eyes. I searched his deeply, looking for what, I didn’t know. Maybe something that would prove to me that he was an actual person and not the cold, hard man he’d shown me all afternoon. His chiseled face looked ravished by war, and what I saw in his eyes should have frightened me, but it saddened me instead. They were the eyes of a man without a soul, one who didn’t care, didn’t feel. 

I didn’t realize that I’d lifted my hand until he grasped my wrist roughly to stop me in mid-air. I wasn’t even sure what I’d intended. “No,” came his flat, emotionless directive.

No? Didn’t he like to be touched? My mind drifted back to the bathroom at the rest stop. There’d been a minute when I’d known that he wanted me, but he hadn’t acted on it, hadn’t even acknowledged that he'd been turned on. I’d been relieved at the time. Now, for some strange feeling, it felt personal. 

“I don’t like being touched like that.”

I frowned. “Like what?”

“I can see it in your eyes. You think I need something. But you’d be wrong. I’ve stopped needing anything from a woman a long time ago. I don’t need or want your softness. When I want a woman, I do the touching, and it isn’t in the way of kissing or foreplay. I fuck her.”

That comment intrigued me. “You don’t kiss or do foreplay?” The softness of my tone sounded intimate in the darkness surrounding us.

“No.”

Wow, that was just sad. I felt sorry for his women. “So when you’re with a woman, you don’t care about her needs?” 

His expression hardened, if that were possible. “No. I don’t get that fucking close.”

How could you not get close when you were fucking? And then it hit me. He held back his emotions because it wasn’t about getting physically close, it was about getting emotionally close. Someone had really done a number on him. “Well, since I wasn’t offering sex you don’t have to worry about it. It was a natural reaction to wanting to offer comfort to someone who obviously doesn’t need it. I won’t touch you again.” I tried to tug my wrist free, but he wasn’t turning me loose. 

Keeping hold of my wrist, he nudged me away so he could dismount his bike. Once he was on his feet I had to look a long way up. I was five feet four, but he was a giant, at least six feet five, or more. 

“We stay here tonight, do you have money?”

“No, but I’ll be okay.” It’d been a while since I’d had to fend for myself, but so far I wasn’t doing too badly. I glanced around. What little I could see wasn’t very appealing, especially the smelly dumpster.

Even as I said it he began digging into his pocket. He pulled out a roll and peeled off a few bills. I shook my head when I realized what his intentions were, I hated owing people, but he only crammed the money into my palm and then released my wrist. 

“Stay out of trouble. We leave at six in the morning if you’re going with us.”

Not, “if you want to go with us,” but “if you’re going with us.” What a way to make me feel welcome.  It was easy to read between the lines. He didn’t care one way or another, and I had a feeling that if I didn’t show up on time he wouldn’t come looking for me. Without a vehicle of my own and being basically out in the middle of nowhere, I didn’t have much of a choice. It would be better if I waited until we reached a town or something more significant than a back roads bar. 

As for his comment about staying out of trouble, he didn’t need to worry. I didn’t want to bring any unnecessary attention to myself. Dane had people looking for me. With his money and resources, it was going to be hard for me to just disappear. There were very few people I could trust right now. 

“What about what I owe you?”

“It’s only a couple hundred bucks.”

He said it as if it were nothing, which I would have agreed with two days ago, but now my situation had changed. Two hundred dollars suddenly seemed like a lot of money. “No, I mean for taking me with you back at the station. I told you I’d pay you.” I was probably a fool for reminding him of that fact.

“Fuck, we’re even. You taught me an invaluable lesson.” He began to walk to the door.

“What’s that?” I asked, following him.

“Not to pick up pint-sized bitches with flaming red hair.”




Chapter 4

Audra

His cold, indifferent comment floored me, and I wasn’t sure why. He didn’t have to take me when we were back at the gas station, I hadn’t made him do anything. His lack of empathy caused me to slow down from following him into the bar. For the first time since I’d been on the run, I felt tears fill my eyes. I really was on my own. He didn’t even glance back to see if I was behind him before the door closed.

I leaned against the building, pissed at myself for the tears that fell down my cheek. Pissed that I was in a hopeless situation that was probably not going to end well, and the only true friend I had that I could count on was a thousand miles away. I’d had plenty of friends with Dane, but after what had happened, I didn’t dare trust any of them now. 

What in hell was I going to do? I glanced down at the crinkled money in my palm. The dim light above the door next to me was enough to show me it was a couple of hundred dollars. Was there a bus stop around here? I didn’t remember passing any on our way here, but I hadn’t been looking for one. I decided that I should just go inside and get something to eat, spend the night, and think about what I was going to do in the morning. 

Cramming the money into a pocket, I opened the door. The first thing that hit me was the thick flume of smoke, a combination of the open grill behind the bar and cigarettes. The place reeked of cheap perfume, grease, smoke, and sweat. The reason became apparent as my eyes began to adjust to the dim lighting. Every bar stool, booth, and table was occupied with the kind of men who looked like they worked hard and played harder, and it was obvious that personal hygiene wasn’t at the top of their list of priorities. 

The women walking around with trays of drinks were dressed like the girls that were working the stripper poles, nearly naked in tiny G-strings and sky-high stilettos. They were clearly there to provide the men with eye candy and whatever else they wanted because several of them were giving lap dances, and there was a couple fucking in plain sight in a booth. 

People really did that kind of thing out in the open? Well, I was seeing it firsthand. The places Dane and I frequented were filled with upper class, stuck-up, dressed-to-the-nines couples who held themselves in such high regard that their noses disappeared in the clouds. I’d been part of that circle, though I’d never felt as if I belonged. Looking back, I could admit that I had let Dane shape me into the kind of woman that he wanted me to be.

I decided that the safest thing I could do was focus on the bar and make my way there to order a hamburger. It was easier said than done, considering that I had to weave in and around closely spaced tables. By the time I reached the bar my cheeks were burning from all the pinches and pats I’d received along the way. The filthy comments were somehow worse, but I decided I could put up with them if it meant not being dragged down on someone’s lap for something else. 

“Help you?”

The man was thin, wearing a dingy gray t-shirt and jeans beneath his heavily stained apron. He had a bandana tied around his forehead, and stringy, greasy-looking hair that hung down to his shoulders, and it appeared that he didn’t own a razor. My empty belly wouldn’t let me turn around and walk away. 

“A cheeseburger and coke, please. No fries.” 

“Sure.” He turned halfway around and yelled over his shoulder, “One cheeseburger, Sam!” Then his eyes came back to me. “Haven’t seen you around here before. A pretty lady like you, I would of noticed. You with someone?”

“I, ah, came in with some bikers.” I thought it would be better and safer for me to at least admit that.  

He frowned. “What bikers?” 

I glanced around the room until my gaze landed on the three men I’d ridden in with, crammed into a circular booth in the corner. Two of them were heavily involved with women, while the man I’d ridden behind all day sat back with a bottle and glass in front of him. He was anything but relaxed, even I could see that. As if something had passed between us, he suddenly looked up, locking his stony gaze on me. 

“Fuck, don’t tell me you’re with Phantom Riders.” I nodded. “You with Hawk? He’s a mean son-of-a-bitch.”

Hawk? Since the other two had women on their laps, I assumed the bartender meant the steely-eyed beast eyeing me from their group. So now I knew his name, and it suited him. I glanced back at the man behind the bar, wondering if I should lie. But then, since he knew Hawk’s name he must know what kind of man he was. He certainly knew him better than I did.

“Burger up!”

Before I could answer him he turned, grabbed the plate the cook had set down and placed the cheeseburger down in front of me. “That’ll be eight dollars.” Then he went to the soda machine and poured me a coke. 

“Do you have rooms for rent?” I questioned, digging out one of the hundred dollar bills.

His snort was followed with, “This ain’t no fuckin’ hotel, lady. The only rooms we have here belong to the working girls.” He leaned over the counter, saying in a low tone, “You want to earn a little money?”

I just glared at him until, laughing, he backed away and went to the register. When he returned with my change I picked up my plate and glass and turned around. There was nowhere for me to go but to the booth where Hawk was sitting. He watched me approach, like a predator scenting blood, and the closer I got the more nervous I felt. I was thankful his friends sat on either side of him, which meant that I wouldn’t have to sit next to him. 

I sat down on the very edge of the seat. “Sorry that I have to invade your space, but there’s nowhere else for me to sit.” His grunt, the only acknowledgement he made, made me want to throw my coke in his dark face. His two friends were oblivious to everything but the naked women on their laps. “Would you like some?” I held up my burger before biting into it. Maybe I could kill him with kindness.

He remained silent, reaching for the glass in front of him. I shrugged and took a big bite, starved. “You know, there aren’t any rooms for rent for tonight.” I kept eating my burger, not really expecting him to respond. But the more he ignored me, the more I wanted to bug the shit out of him. “This burger is really good, nice and juicy. Sure you don’t want a nibble?” I was stupid for taunting him, he looked anything but friendly right now. 

I smiled and took a sip of my coke. “So, where are you going to sleep tonight?”

“Where’d you come from, baby?” The biker next to me had finally realized that I was there. His girlfriend gave me a look, dismissed me, and went back to sucking on his neck. “Shell and I are getting ready to call it a night. You can shack up with us as long as you let me inside your sweet pussy.” 

He was drunk. I felt my cheeks burn, but I was determined not to let Hawk see how uncomfortable I was. “That’s a tempting nice offer. I’ll think about it.” When hell freezes over. I kept that thought to myself. I moved so that they could exit the booth, and then sat back down. 

I finished my burger, which was surprisingly good, and drank down my coke. Having food in my stomach felt good. Now all I had to do was find a place to sleep for the night. Hawk’s other friend and woman finally crawled out of the booth and left, to go to her room, I supposed. It dawned on me that the reason Hawk had said they were staying the night there was because he knew they would be sleeping with the women there.

I wondered who Hawk would be sleeping with. Would he touch her, fuck her? And why did it matter to me? We’d just met, and I knew we’d never be friends. He was just the means to get me somewhere far away from Dane. Yet I couldn’t help but be aware of him, the way he looked at me, as if I were something he wanted but hated at the same time. Maybe I reminded him of someone. 

The outside door opened and I instinctively looked toward it. The breath caught in my throat when the two men I’d been running from earlier walked through. Quickly I turned away from them, my eyes meeting Hawk’s. I could feel my heart rate pick up speed. How the hell had they found me? It didn’t make sense!

“Hawk—” 

I didn’t know what I was going to say. It didn’t matter anyway, because suddenly Hawk jerked me over to him and my face was down in his lap. My first reaction was to get up, but he held me firmly at the back of my neck. To the casual observer it looked like I was giving him a blow-job, and maybe that was his intention. I turned my face slightly away from his zipper, so that I could breathe. It shocked me that he was hard as stone.

With all the naked bodies walking around us it shouldn’t have surprised me that he was horny. I brushed all that aside, my thoughts returning to the two men. I had no idea what they were doing, but something warned me if they were coming our way I would definitely feel a reaction in Hawk’s big body. All I could do was wait for some sign. Movement beneath my cheek drew a moan from me and before I knew what I was doing I was rubbing against his hard-on like a cat seeking attention. 

The deep rumble of his groan forced me back to reality and I ceased moving, holding my breath. What in hell was I doing? This time when I pulled back he let me. I could barely meet his eyes until he snapped, “Get out.”

I quickly scooted out of the booth, realizing that Hawk was right behind me. Before I could question him, he grabbed my arm and proceeded to jerk me in the direction leading to the back of the bar. I glanced around the bar wildly, but I didn’t see Dane’s men anywhere.

“They left, but they’ll be back.” We entered a dark hallway, and halfway down he stopped us at a door. I expected him to knock, but instead he lifted his leg and kicked the door in, causing the occupants in the room to scream out in fear. “Out!” he snarled.

I barely had time to acknowledge the naked couple before they snatched up their strewn about clothes and rushed past us. As the man passed me I recognized him as one of Hawk’s men. We made eye contact long enough for him to wink at me. Once they cleared the threshold, Hawk pulled me inside and slammed the door behind him.

“Take your clothes off.”

“What?” He had to be kidding.

“Take your clothes off.”

I know that my jaw dropped at his demand. When I realized that he meant it I began to back up, slowly shaking my head. “You’re crazy!” I whispered sharply. Okay, maybe I had removed my shirt in the restroom, but that had been of my own accord, and he’d said “clothes,” as if he meant everything.

“Take your fucking clothes off.” So far he hadn’t moved from his spot, yet I’d backed up until my back was against the wall. “Those men knew how to find you, which means there’s a bug on you somewhere.”

I tried to decipher what he was saying, but my brain wouldn’t wrap around the idea that he thought I had a bug on me. He took a menacing step toward me, and that was all I needed to do what he wanted. Strangely, I wasn’t afraid of Hawk, only of what having his hands on me would make me feel. I was attracted to him in a strange way that left me confused. Maybe it was because I knew that he wasn’t attracted to me, and I looked at it as a challenge. 

I quickly removed my hoodie and handed it to him, kicking off my shoes at the same time. As Hawk began going over it I unzipped and rolled down my jeans. I quickly began to unbutton my shirt when a memory reminded me of something. 

“Just a minute.” I waited for him to look at me. “There’s no way there can be a bug in these clothes because they aren’t mine. I took them from a laundromat.” 

He hesitated for only a second. “I want everything.”

Deciding not to argue with him, I finished with the buttons, removed my shirt, and threw it at him. He caught it to his chest and I swear I saw the tiniest curve of his mouth that revealed that he was amused at my irritation. He examined my clothes thoroughly, finding nothing, as I expected. Then he turned those dark eyes on me, running his gaze up and down my body and missing nothing.

Leaving me insanely hot and needy.

“Everything,” he demanded. “Or did you borrow your underwear, too?”

No, the underwear I had on was mine, a thong Dane had purchased from Victoria’s Secret, and the only thing that he liked me to wear under my clothes. The way Hawk’s gaze moved over me turned me on when it shouldn’t have. I was no stick figure, my short height gave me curves I’d spent half my adult life hiding, until I’d realized that some men liked meat on their women. The coffee eyes on me now revealed that Hawk was no exception.

Maybe he was attracted to me after all.

I swung around, wondering if I would be able to remove my thong, which was silly when I thought about it, because my backside was completely naked to him right then. I pulled it down, catching Hawk’s hiss when I bent slightly to work it over my knees and down my legs. I tossed it over my shoulder in his direction. Completely nude, I reached for the top sheet on the bed before facing him again.

“Satisfied?” I nearly swallowed my tongue when I saw that he still had my thong in his hands. There was no way a bug could be hidden in that tiny, see-through thing.

Hawk’s expression was savage. Something strong and basic had come over him. He reminded me of a bronze statue, solid and strong, powerfully intimidating. I was a prisoner, held captive by the intensity in his eyes. Slowly is hand moved toward his face, pausing right beneath his nose. His nostrils flared, and his eyes closed, as he crushed the bunched thong and took a deep breath. 

Ohmygod, I’d never seen anything so compelling, or erotic. Lust slammed through me, flushing heat over my whole body. I held my breath and watched his eyes open slowly, lazily, revealing the truth. He was aroused. No, scratch that. He was ravenous! 

“Toss me your shoes.”

What? Was I reading him all wrong? Seeing something that I only wanted to see? But then, everything I’d learned during my short acquaintance with Hawk came back to the surface, reminding me that he ignored his emotions, and his body’s cravings. I didn’t think that he was afraid of letting go, he didn’t strike me as a weak man, but as someone who thrived on absolute, total control. That made him very frightening.

I grabbed my Valentino sneakers and tossed them to him. He caught them with one hand. He examined them thoroughly, frowning when he came to the pyramid studs decorating the side. One of them appeared to be loose and with little effort he was able to remove it. He held it up for me to see, but I had no idea what he wanted me to acknowledge.

“It’s decoration.” 

He shook his head. “It’s GPS.”




Chapter 5

Hawk

I was fucking pissed! I checked the rest of her sneakers over carefully before going to the bathroom and flushing the tracking device down the toilet. When I returned to the room I was surprised to see that Audra hadn’t moved. She was still standing there at the foot of the bed, clutching a sheet to the front of her fucking killer body. 

That pissed me off, too. I’d already guessed that she had a nice ass, but the impact of seeing all of her luscious curves reminded me that I hadn’t fucked a woman lately. Not that I hadn’t had the chance, but I was a mean bastard, denying myself my own needs because I could. Besides that, I didn’t fuck women who wanted me. It kept life simple and fucking uncomplicated. Women who wanted you tended to confuse lust with emotions, unless they were whores, but lately whores hadn’t tempted me.

“Who are those men?” I wanted fucking answers.

“I don’t know their names only that they work for my ex.”

“Who is?” I watched her pretty mouth clamp shut. What was she afraid of? That I’d recognize his name? New Hampshire wasn’t that small. I gave her my best fucking scowl, which usually accomplished what I wanted it to. This woman was just as stubborn as I was, though. “What is his name?” I ground out, losing patience.

“Dane Winthrop,” she said with obvious reluctance.

His name meant nothing to me. “The fucker who’s after you?” She nodded. “He must want you fucking badly.” I could see her hesitate, and she wouldn’t meet my eyes. I scrutinized her carefully. “What are you not telling me?” 

Her gaze flew up to mine, her eyes a little too round. I recognized fear when I saw it. Whatever she was hiding was fucking big, at least in her eyes. “Nothing.”

“I don’t fucking believe you. You’ve got thirty seconds to tell me, or I’ll just turn you over to them. My club doesn’t need your kind of trouble.” We stared at each other and I knew that she wasn’t going to tell me. 

Then she caught me off guard by hissing, “Look. I’m not your concern. Thank you for rescuing me back at the station but I’ll find my own way from here on out. That way you can stop worrying about your club, and go about your life doing whatever it is that you do. I’m sorry for any trouble that I’ve caused you.”

She dropped the sheet and I about lost it. My gaze couldn’t take in her luscious full curves fast enough. Her large milky tits with their dusty crowns were just begging for my mouth on them. The indentation of her waist before it flared out to hand-gripping hips made me want to mark her flesh there, and I would, too, because I liked my sex rough. Her snatch was trimmed, and showcased between two firm thighs that could clamp onto a man tightly and never let go. I bet her cunt did the same thing to a man’s dick.

Fucking hell, I didn’t need this distraction right now, and I didn’t need her lip, unless it was around my dick, and that wasn’t going to happen anytime soon. Right now I had a situation to handle, it was too late for her to just walk away. My club came first, and I wanted to know what I’d gotten myself into because of a weak moment, and those big, fucking green eyes, that had trapped me into taking on extra baggage. 

It occurred to me that she was walking toward me. I watched her tits jiggle slightly with every step. The sight turned my dick even harder than it already was. It was so hard that it fucking ached. For a second I wondered what she would do if I forced her to her knees and told her to suck me off. She was the one who’d gotten me hard in the first place, it seemed only fair. 

She bent before me to pick up her clothes, and when she turned to go back toward the bed I caught sight of that fucking ass. The full round cheeks, the enticing crack down the middle, the crease where it met the top of her thighs. Son-of-a-bitch I was going to have that ass but it wasn’t going to be now, and it wasn’t going to be here. It was going to be on my terms, like always. I was just fucking mean enough to deny myself.

“Did I tell you it was okay to get dressed?” The gravelly tone of my voice betrayed the level at which she was affecting me. I was about a second from tossing her onto the bed and ramming my dick inside her pussy.

“You don’t own me, big boy.” She turned those damned green eyes on me, laughing softly. “Even if you do want me.” Her gaze dropped to where my dick was straining against the zipper of my jeans.

It was her soft, confident laugh and the knowing look in her eyes that got me. She thought she knew me and what I wanted? She had no fucking idea. I’d already warned her that I didn’t do any of that kissing and foreplay shit. Right now I wanted my dick sucked because if I didn’t get relief soon I wasn’t going to be worth a shit. It wasn’t often that I let a woman get to me, fuck never, but ever since I’d seen her fucking red hair I’d thought of nothing but having my hands buried in it while she was on her knees.

“What’s wrong?” 

I didn’t like the challenge in her tone. She stood there holding her clothes in front of her, but I still caught glimpses of the creamy flesh of her hip and thigh, one leg, and the swells of her tits. I frowned. Was she fucking teasing me? Big mistake. I never turned down a challenge. I didn’t own her? She was wrong there, too. Until I had shit sorted out she wasn’t going anywhere.

It didn’t take me long to reach her, and even though her eyes grew round at my approach, she held her ground. She wasn’t used to backing down either, she was a fighter. Good. She might be running, but my gut told me that when cornered, she would fight. Would she fight me? Because I was going to break her fucking spirit if she didn’t. 

I decided I wanted her against the wall, forcing her back with my sheer bulk. She gasped, whether from surprise or fear, I didn’t fucking care. “Let’s get one thing clear, woman, I do own you. Until I sort shit out you aren’t going anywhere.”

A nervous laugh escaped her. “You can’t keep me against my will,” she had the fucking guts to say. 

“Watch me.” I grabbed the clothes she was shielding herself with and tossed them to the side, never taking my eyes off hers. She gasped again, and this time I watched her eyes dilate with emotion.

Fucking emotions. 

Anger was the only emotion I was comfortable with.

And pain.

She slapped me, hard, but not hard enough for it to cause my head to turn. I glared down into her bright, slightly worried eyes, curling my hands into fists because she’d dared to hit me. She needed to learn that she didn’t put her hands on me without consequences.  If she’d been a man I would have snapped her neck by now.

“Big mistake.”

Her response was to tilt that obstinate chin of hers. She couldn’t hide the fact that she was frightened, that she’d obviously realized she’d gone too far. But she wasn’t backing down to that fear. I didn’t give her time to react to what I was going to do, hell, I wasn’t even fucking sure of what I was going to do until I was doing it. In the space of a few meaningless seconds I had my hand on her fucking pussy and my finger deep inside.

Fucking hell, she was wet! The savage situation between us was turning her on. My finger glided into her juicy cunt like a fucking knife sliced through soft butter. Ignoring her gasp, I pressed up until she was forced to lift up on her toes. Our eyes remained locked as I added another finger. Her mouth parted, and she was forced to drop her hands to my chest for support as I worked my fingers deep inside her body. I could feel the wet heat of her clench around my fingers, the soft spongy walls of her cunt swelling around them and releasing more cream.

“You don’t put your fucking hands on me without retribution,” I grated down into her flushed face. “Next time you’ll be on your knees sucking me off.”

“Please—” The word drifted past her parted lips in a soft whisper. Her head was back against the wall, eyes half closed. 

I glanced down at her flushed body, taking note of her swollen tits and rock-hard nipples, and then further down to where her pussy was, watching my fingers thrusting in and out of her tightness. Christ, I could almost feel her cunt squeezing my dick. If she hugged my cock as hard as she did my fingers, I would fucking split her in half. I felt my own breath grow heavy as her juices coated my fingers and ran down my hand.

“Please,” she said weakly. “No…more.” 

No more? Then why was her body moving against my hand like she couldn’t get enough? Why was her breathing increasing? It was then that I thought about what I was doing. When was the fucking last time I’d given a woman an orgasm? When was the last time that it was my fingers, not hers, that were flicking her clit while she was sucking me off? I couldn’t remember when it had mattered to me. Yes, I could. It’d been right before Sonya’s betrayal.

And I’d watched my brothers end her.

That had been the day my life had changed, and I’d let the darkness consume me until it had created the fucking monster that I was today. I was the bastard who didn’t care, dead on the inside. You had to have a heart to feel, and she’d taken my heart to the grave with her. Fucking bitch. Seeing the light extinguish in her eyes had ruined me, because I could have stopped it and hadn’t even tried.

It suddenly occurred to me that Audra was climaxing. Small cries mingled with pants of passion as her cunt clenched around my fingers and pleasure exploded from within her. The heat and thickness flooding over my digits and the way her fucking body convulsed nearly brought me to my own release. When had I leaned my dick against her soft body? Like a fucking dog I had her thigh pinched between mine and I was humping to get off. Holy shit, it felt good. 

Too fucking good.

I yanked my fingers from her soppy snatch before she even finished coming down from the high. Her moan of protest lingered as I stepped back and let her weakened body sink to the floor. Even in her aroused state she reached for the trailing end of the sheet and dragged it down across her. I’d seen her completely naked, had just given her a fucking orgasm, and she was suddenly embarrassed over her nudity? Maybe the reality of what had just happened embarrassed her more.

“Bastard,” she groaned hoarsely. 

Yeah, that seemed more like it. “For giving you an orgasm or for pulling out?” 

She pinned her glaring eyes on me. “Both.” 

Wow, an honest woman. I fucking didn’t know what to do with that. “As long as we’re clear that you don’t go anywhere until I say you can. We stay here tonight—”

“What about those men, you said they’d be back.”

“The GPS only tracked them here, not to this room. They won’t bring attention to themselves by being too obvious. Like you, they don’t want anyone remembering them.”

“But they’ll still be here in the morning.”

She was worried. “They’ll be somewhere, waiting and watching. Probably in the vehicle they arrived in.”

“So how will we leave then?”

Jesus, she asked a lot of questions. “Let me worry about that.” I doubted they’d know that she’d arrived here on the back of my bike, unless they noticed us leaving from the station and put it together. “I suggest you get some sleep, and do not leave this room.”

“Or what, you’ll give me another orgasm?”

She’d said it with disgust, but I knew she felt differently. I decided to call her on it. “You fucking enjoyed getting off.”

My gaze drifted down to her mouth, wondering what her defiance would taste like beneath mine. Jesus, I couldn’t fucking remember the last time I’d thought about kissing a woman, or what her mouth would feel like under mine. That shit scared the shit out of me. Better to get the fuck out of there now and seek out one of the girls in the bar to suck me off. 

I needed fucking relief.

At the last minute I decided on a fucking cold shower.




Chapter 6

Audra

I don’t know how long I’d been asleep when the bed next to me dipped, a clear indication that someone had joined me. I was pretty damned sure that it was Hawk, but I reached over anyway and felt around, as if by touching him I’d know. My hand fell upon a hard six-pack before roaming up to iron pecs, and then gliding down to find a naked, muscular thigh. A little further over and my hand grazed a thick, huge cock.

He was naked.

His cock was standing up like a flag pole.

I began to drag my hand away when it was grabbed and forced it back to the monster between his legs. A deep, animalistic growl sounded when he closed my fingers around it and squeezed. Actually, my fingers didn’t meet up, which reinforced how abnormally large his cock was, but then, we were talking about Hawk, and he was a beast. 

He didn’t need to tell me what he wanted, and the truth was that I didn’t mind giving him a hand job. Maybe I felt I needed to repay him for saving me earlier. Something about him had attracted me from the start, had made me curious. His arm scooped me closer and the hand over mine slowly released once he was certain that I would remain put and had begun to move on my own. One trip over the bulbous head of it revealed that he was leaking a copious amount of pre-cum. I used it as a lubricant and ran my hand up and down the length of him, hearing his breath catch.

It freaking turned me on.

Part of me couldn’t believe that this was happening, that I was letting it happen. I didn’t know anything about Hawk, except that he was a dangerous, forceful man. I wasn’t in the habit of sleeping with strangers, much less letting them invade my body and give me one of the most intense orgasms I’d ever experienced. And I sure as hell wasn’t in the habit of doing what I was doing now. I blamed it on Dane’s lack of sex drive in the last six months.

The position I was in wasn’t very accommodating to giving a man a hand job, so when my hand began to cramp I moved to get more comfortable.  As I was about to settle Hawk had other ideas. His hand moved up beneath my hair to circle the back of my neck, and then he was lifting the covers with his other hand and pushing my head downward toward his cock. The room was dark, but I didn’t need light to instinctively find his hard flesh. It didn’t occur to me to refuse, either.

I opened my mouth as he guided my open mouth down, at the same time lifting his hips to fill my mouth completely. My senses exploded with his musky scent and the taste of pre-cum on my tongue. My moan mingled with his much deeper one. As I took a second to savor the experience I ran my tongue along his hot shaft, discovering the ridges and veins lining it, ending with the tip of my tongue burrowing into the leaking slit. 

“Holy fuck,” Hawk snarled, clenching a fist in my hair.

I could feel the tremor of his powerful thighs beneath me, hear the broken rasps of his deep breaths. The hand in my hair began to guide me, up and down, up and down, keeping in rhythm with the movement of his hips. I swallowed as much of his cock as I could, until it was crashing against the back of my throat. Each time Hawk grunted, and the hand in my hair clenched. Since he controlled the actions of my mouth, I was left to fondle his heavy testicles and the part of his cock that wasn’t in my mouth.
	
Eventually his speed picked up, as did his breathing, both signs that he was about to come. I smiled to myself, remembering a little trick that Dane had taught me when we first started having sex. I wasn’t sure why I thought of applying it then, except that for some men it intensified their orgasm. Maybe Hawk would like it, maybe he wouldn’t. As he thrust up I wiggled my hand beneath him and slid a finger into the crack of his ass. His reaction was immediate, and I could tell that it turned him on more.

The next time he thrust up I searched for his anus. That seemed to cause his breathing to become faster and harsher. His hand twisted tightly in my hair, his thrusts grew rougher, and I could tell his control was slipping. Timing was crucial, and I waited until I felt his cock swell and the first spurt of cum hit the back of my throat. That was when I wiggled my index finger into his anal passage as deep as I could go.

“Fuuucking hell!” 

I’d never heard a man roar so loud during sex, though my experiences were limited to Dane. In the next instant Hawk was erupting like a violent volcano into my mouth, coating the back of my throat before it slid down to make room for more. His cock kept on discharging, and I thought it was never going to end. There was nothing I could do because he held me tightly, my mouth locked around his shaft, making sure I got every drop. His whole body tightened with his violent release.

It seemed to take a while before his breathing calmed and his body stilled. His cock had deflated and I was finally released so that I could move away. As I pulled back, letting his shaft fall from my mouth, I removed my finger from his anus. I couldn’t tell if his low groan was pleasure or pain. My instincts told me that with him, it wouldn’t matter.

Then, before I could comprehend it was happening, Hawk promptly turned on his side and pulled the covers over his body. I was stunned, unable to digest the coldness of his actions, feeling used and discarded. I knew I didn’t have any reason to feel that way, he’d given me a mind-blowing orgasm and I’d just returned the favor. So why did his indifference hurt? God, a day with this man felt like a lifetime.

“Sleep, Audra.”

What, did he have eyes at the back of his head? I refused to respond to his comment, rolling to my side of the bed as far to the edge as I could without falling off. I wasn’t going to sleep. I was going to wait until he fell asleep, and then I was going to get the hell out of there. Just because he’d said I wasn’t going anywhere didn’t mean it was law. As far as I was concerned I’d be doing him a favor.

I tried to stay awake, I really did, but after a while I just couldn’t keep my eyes open any longer. 



I don’t know what woke me, some sound, or maybe movement from Hawk. As I blinked to clear the sleep from my eyes I stretched, releasing a moan when I felt my abused body resist. I was especially sore between my legs, thanks to the motorcycle. Another moan escaped me as I rolled onto my back and glanced over. Hawk was sitting with his legs hanging over the edge of the bed. 

My gaze ran over the wide expanse of his muscular back, taking in the tattoos that covered every square inch. In the center of his back was his club logo, Phantom Riders MC, arched over an evil, scruffy looking man with his arms crossed, wearing leather and a skull cap. Done in black, white and gray, the only other color was the red glare of his eyes and the lightning bolt shaped scar on his cheek. The capital letters “MC” were also in red. It was identical to the image on the back of his cut and the gas tank on his bike.
 
Outside the logo on the back of his left shoulder was a beautiful hawk in flight with the sun behind it. His right shoulder revealed a hawk sitting on a tree branch overlooking the water. The colors were true to life and absolutely beautiful. But it was the tattoo, or what was left of it, across his lower back that interested me the most. Closer inspection seemed to suggest that someone had taken a knife and tried to disfigure or remove it. 

The pain must have been unbearable. Without thinking, I reached out and ran my fingertips over the ragged edges, as if my touch could soothe the memory of lingering pain. “What—?” Barely a second or two slipped by before Hawk swung around and grasped my wrist. I gasped, as much from the pain as from surprise at how fast he had moved. His move forced me closer to him. My eyes flew up to his.

His expression was as unfriendly as ever, his sensual mouth a tight line. I parted my lips, drawing the intensity of his gaze there. I licked my bottom lip. His eyes narrowed and darkened, and I wondered if he was thinking about last night. Heat infused me as I thought about his huge cock inside my mouth. Out of nowhere came the thought that I wanted Hawk to kiss me. Badly! I wondered what it would take to make him lose control and do it. Could I handle him? 

“What happened?” I found myself asking.

“Not something you need to know,” he said in a final tone, dropping my wrist and standing up. “We leave in fifteen minutes.”

God, he was so cold. I watched him slip his jeans on, then his shirt and cut, and then finally he sat back down to put on his boots. That’s when I got up and went to the bathroom. Knowing that the room belonged to a working girl I was hesitant to grab a shower, so I made do with taking a sponge bath. Hawk was gone by the time I returned to the bedroom. I quickly slipped on my blouse, jeans and shoes and headed for the front.

I was walking down the hallway when a door in front of me opened. A man emerged and as our eyes met we both froze. I’d forgotten all about Dane’s men! He moved first, taking a step in my direction which woke me from my temporary paralysis. With a squeak I spun around to go back the way I’d come, knowing that it was a lost cause. I had barely made it several feet when I was grabbed from behind.

I screamed before it was cut off from a rough hand across my mouth. “Mr. Winthrop is eager to get you back, baby,” he said low against my ear, while crushing me against the wall. I turned my face so that I could breath, straining against his hold. “But he didn’t say what condition he wanted you back in.” Suddenly I could see a knife out the corner of my eye as he brought it up to eye level. “Be ashamed to mess up this pretty face.”

Mess up my face? He thought I was worried about my face when I knew that Dane was probably going to kill me? The front of my body was against the wall, so there wasn’t much I could do to gain my freedom. He had his arms across the top half of my shoulders and the rest of his bulk easily held mine immovable. I could feel his cock growing hard against my ass and couldn’t believe that he was getting turned on. The pig!

I groaned angrily, and strained to no avail. He just laughed and caressed my cheek with the smooth side of the knife. “Now, you’re gonna come with me nice and quiet, or I’ll kill you right here and tell Mr. Winthrop that I didn’t have a choice.”

Maybe that would be the best way, to just let him end it now. Then I could stop worrying about dying, about running away and having to look over my shoulder all the time. My dying would solve Hawk’s problems, too. But then I thought what the hell? This wasn’t me. I wanted to live like the next person. I didn’t deserve what was happening to me. It wasn’t my fault that Dane had turned out to be a murdering villain. I wasn’t done living yet, and I wasn’t done fighting.

As long as I had breath in my body…

I let myself relax, feeling the immediate mistake from the man holding me. Thinking that I’d given in, he also relaxed. I used that to my advantage and gave him a hard thrust back with my butt, at the same time twisting my mouth in an angle that allowed me to bite down on his hand. He let out a howl and for a second, no more, no less, I was free. 

“Fucking bitch!” he swore, grabbing me by the collar and slamming me right back in the same spot against the wall. “I’m gonna fucking kill you, but first I’m gonna fuck your ass.”

This time my back was against the wall, but he flipped me around easy enough. Then I felt his hand at the front of my jeans, unsnapping them and lowering the zipper. 

“No!” Where the hell was everyone? The proprietor of the bar, or any of the girls? Where the fuck was Hawk? Surely I wasn’t alone! How could something like this happen in a public place and no one be around to help? Realizing that I might actually be on my own, I started to struggle wildly to get away. I screamed as loud as I could.

“Scream again and I’ll fuck you with this,” he threatened, flashing the knife before my eyes again.

I felt sick to my stomach.

“Step away from the woman.”

The man behind me stilled, and we both turned to see Hawk and his two friends standing there in the hallway, blocking it with their huge bodies. Under normal circumstances I would have felt relief, but Hawk wasn’t like any normal man I’d ever met. Looking at him then, his stony expression and the coldness in his eyes backed that up. 

“Fuck off, she’s mine. I’m taking her with me.” The man was obviously too enraged to realize the danger he was in.

“Can’t let you do that,” Hawk growled menacingly. 

“Who’s gonna stop me?” he asked smugly. “I didn’t come alone.”

The man clearly had a death wish.

“Yeah, we saw the other pussy you came with,” said one of Hawk’s men.

“The woman belongs to us,” said the other one.

The man laughed. “She fucking all three of you? Mr. Winthrop will love hearing that.”

I felt him slowly back away from me, and reached down to quickly do up my jeans. My gaze locked on to Hawk’s. The briefest jerk of his head indicated that he wanted me to go to him. I did so without hesitation. His eyes never left mine and when I reached him he took me by the arm and pulled me behind him.

“Clay, take her to my bike.” 

The next thing I knew I was being pulled away, taken outside, and then situated on Hawk’s motorcycle. Clay mounted his own and then lit up a cigarette. I glanced over at the vehicle Dane’s men had arrived in, wondering about his partner.

“He’s been taken care of.” Clay said, guessing my thoughts.

I glanced at Clay to see him smile around the cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth. I didn’t want to know how they’d taken care of him. I didn’t care. If he’d been anything like the asshole inside I was glad I didn’t have to worry about him anymore. Dane had loved me once, how could he send men like that after me? Then I realized the stupidity of my thought.   

Money talked.

We didn’t have to wait long for Hawk and the other biker to join us. I glanced over them, looking for what I didn’t know. My gaze was captured by the cold intensity in Hawk’s eyes. That would have been a good time for him to just dump me and ride off. I half expected it. He didn’t need the trouble. I was sure his club had enough all on their own. I steeled myself for the words, but they didn’t come. 

Without words, he mounted his bike and then we were taking off.




Chapter 7

Hawk

I couldn’t ignore the arms wound around me, the small, linked hands just over where my dick was, the breasts squashed against my back and the heat of her pussy where it was flush against my backside. I couldn’t ignore anything about the woman clinging to me. If I wasn’t picturing her gorgeous body with its fucking curves, the red wildness of her hair, and the feel of her juicy cunt, I was remembering the fucking sweetness of her mouth on me. 

That was the fucking icing on the cake. The feel of her taking the fat length of me to the back of her throat, sucking me off and swallowing every drop of my seed. That little thing she did with her finger at the end had me almost blowing her head off with the force of my climax. Fucking hell, it had felt intense. I wanted to feel that shit again, only the next time I wanted to be buried balls deep inside her pussy. As tiny as she was, she was bound to have one tight little cunt.

I hadn’t intended on making her give me a blow-job the night before, but hell, once her soft hand had started feeling over me it was the only thing on my mind. Just thinking of what her hand felt like on my dick was making me hard right now. And when she’d moved, I hadn’t given it much thought to directing her to where I wanted her. What had surprised the shit out of me was her fucking willingness. Maybe she’d thought giving me a blow-job would benefit her in some way.

She wouldn’t be the first woman.

Christ. I had to get my mind off the heat of her fucking pussy, but it was branding my backside. I’d have liked nothing better than to pull off the road, swing around on my seat, and fuck her good and hard. That kind of move would give her control that I wasn’t about to give up. Besides, I wasn’t about to let Keg and Clay see that a little fireball of a woman had made me so damned horny that I couldn’t wait to get my dick in her. They’d laugh their fool heads off.

My brothers all knew that what little heart I had was made of stone. They knew that I’d turned my emotions off a long time ago, and that anger was the only thing left. Ever since Sonya nothing mattered except the club. The scars on my back I kept to remind me not to trust any woman again. I used them before they could use me, something I’d learned the hard fucking way. 

I didn’t want to think about Sonya, but even in death she clung on to that small control, invading my thoughts when I was stupid enough to let her in. How could I have been so fucking blind? I’d fallen hard for the bitch, giving her everything, only to find out too late that she’d been a compulsive liar, cheater, and had a sadistic nature kept well hidden behind beguiling blue eyes. She’d looked like an angel when I first saw her, and I’d fallen for her goddess looks and false sweetness.

Thinking back, I’d let my dick control my heart, and Sonya had made sure that I was good and addicted to her before slowly revealing her true self. By the time I’d listened to my brothers telling me that she was a sick psycho, it had been too late. In a way I’d fucking deserved how things had ended. The damage had opened my eyes to the evils of loving someone so blindly that she’d nearly destroyed the club before it had been too late. 

As I took in the quiet countryside we were traveling through, I had to wonder what I was doing now, getting involved with Audra. Because of her we were using back roads to get home instead of the highway. It added hours to our trip. The two assholes we’d left back at Juicy Lucy’s wouldn’t cause her any more trouble, but my gut warned me that there would be more. Her ex sounded like a piece of work with fucking connections, which reminded me that I needed to call Fox, the club’s computer nerd. 

I raised my arm, signaling that we were stopping, and then pulled over into the circular drive of an abandoned house. Keg and Clay pulled up next to me. “We’ll take fifteen.” They nodded and then pulled their bikes beneath the shade of a tree. I waited for Audra to get off.

“Bathroom?” 

We both glanced at the house with its faded and peeling paint. The windows were broken out on the first floor, the front door was closed crookedly, and, in fact the whole fucking house was leaning slightly. It was attached to an even older-looking shed and garage that had never seen paint. I looked back at Audra.

She shrugged. “I’m willing to take the chance that I can pee before the house falls.”

She fucking smiled, causing the green of her amazing cat eyes to glitter like jewels. Sweet Jesus, something was happening to me on a level that I didn’t want to fucking think about, and at a speed that I couldn’t keep up with. I refused to get sucked in by the curve of her pretty lips, climbing off my bike in slow motion. She didn’t even back up when that put me in close proximity to her. I stared down at her for a minute.

Her smile grew, and that’s when it hit me, the confidence she was expressing. She thought that her little blow-job the night before had benefited her in some way, had won me over. Maybe she thought it had put me in a good mood. Sex was good for a lot of things. Women used it as a weapon, a way to manipulate men into doing what they wanted, a tool as old as man. Audra was in for a surprise, because I used sex too.

I glanced at my brothers long enough to see that they were resting against the tree, eating and drinking. “Come on.” I turned and headed for the house. I could hear the sound of dried leaves and twigs snapping beneath Audra’s feet as she followed me.

“You don’t like to talk much, do you,” she commented behind me.

I grunted, which made her laugh softly.

“Or smile, I noticed.”

I ignored her, reaching the front door to the house. Not even bothering with trying the doorknob, I kicked it in, the sound rattling through the whole house. Plaster and paint chips rained down around us as we walked through the threshold. 

“Do you think it’s safe?” Audra asked just inside the doorway.

I turned to see her glancing up at the ceiling, her bottom lip caught between her teeth. “Safe long enough for you to take a pee,” I said.

Her gaze swung down to me, that sexy mouth turning up again at the corners. “Was that a joke? Are you teasing me?” she chuckled.

Ignoring her, I began walking through the house, careful of where I put my feet because I was heavy as fuck and the floors were wood. Instinct guided me to the kitchen area, and sure enough there was a tiny bathroom located off to the side.

“How did you know?”

“A lot of older homes have bathrooms off the kitchen area, don’t ask me why.” I began searching through cupboards for anything useful. 

“Kind of gross,” Audra murmured, walking into the bathroom. I noticed her carefully checking the corners and behind the door, making a face when she lifted the seat to the toilet. “I want to thank you for saving my ass again back at that bar.”

“Yeah, your debt to me is racking up, woman.” I gave her a minute to digest what I’d said. I didn’t want her to think that making my dick happy was the payment she’d offered back at the service station. Of course, payback sex was always an option when there was nothing else. “I know you don’t have any money on you, so how are you planning on paying us?”

“What about that lesson I taught you about picking up pint sized red heads?” The door opened and she stood there zipping up her jeans.

“That was last night, before I saved your ass a second time, and if you think that wrapping your sweet little mouth around my dick was payment, it wasn’t." 

Her jaw dropped, and I could see right away that she didn’t like what I’d said. When her face turned red and her hands clenched into fists at her side I knew that she was going to fucking lose it. Part of me couldn’t wait. I liked a good fight. I liked a challenge. And it would give me a damned good reason to put my hands on her again.

“You—You!  You’re an ass!” she screeched. “I’m not a whore, and I would never do a sex act as payment for anything, especially to a cold, unfeeling, unappreciative prick like you!” She took a step forward. “I don’t know why I did what I did last night, but I’m sorry that I did it! You don’t deserve to feel good!”

I thought she was going to throw herself at me, she was fucking angry enough, only she made to stomp right past me. I should have let her go, I don’t know why I didn’t. Yes I did. Fucking hell, I wanted to take her soft mouth and grind it beneath mine. I wanted to taste her anger and passion, her blood, as I showed her what a cold, unfeeling prick I could be. The fact that I wanted to kiss her scared the fucking shit out of me.

I reached out and grabbed her arm, nearly yanking her off her feet when I snatched her back toward me. She gasped and brought her other hand around to hit me. I let her, let her pound out her frustration against my chest.

“You’re right,” I snarled down at her, throwing my head back so that her fist couldn’t reach my face. “I don’t deserve to feel good, but I’m a ruthless bastard and I’ll take it where I can. It means nothing to me if the woman I’m with gets the same pleasure I get.”

“Well, I have news for you, asshole.” She twisted and turned in an effort to break my hold. “When your fingers were inside me, I did feel good! So if that disappoints you, it’s just too damn bad!”

I almost laughed at her ridiculous comment. Her nails caught me on the side of the face and continued down my neck. It felt like a tiny knife slicing into my flesh, the slight pain morphing into fucking pleasure and shooting straight down to my dick. Before I could stop myself I forced Audra back against the nearest wall, pinning her arms above her head, panting with my efforts not to give in and punish her mouth with mine. Leaning my full weight against her felt fucking good, but not good enough.

I wanted her naked.

I wanted inside her.

Fucking hell, what was she doing to me? My eyes locked onto her soft, parted lips, watching as her tongue came out to lick over them. My dick jerked, and I ground it against her, watching her eyes grow dark and the pupils dilate. She thrust the lower half of her body against me and I didn’t care if it was in an effort to get me off her or it was her response to my throbbing dick. She whimpered, a tremor running through her.

“Okay, you’ve proved that you’re stronger than me.” 

Her cool remark didn’t fool me. She was turned-on. Everything about her screamed fuck me. I leaned in, breathing in her scent. Another whimper escaped from her parted lips. I could tell that she was waiting for my kiss, was probably anticipating it. I got close, so fucking close, and just before I settled my mouth on hers, I turned abruptly and went for the exposed vulnerability of her neck. I lost control, sinking my teeth into her.

Her scream echoed through the house as I put my mark on her. I continued to grind my dick into her belly, growling like an animal. Jesus, I needed inside her! I swept my tongue up her neck to just behind her ear and then tugged on her earlobe. Her scent, the softness and warmth of her skin, fuck when was the last time that I’d noticed those things? When had I taken the time to notice? 

I took both of her wrists in one hand and dropped my free hand down her body. Not content to simply touch her outside of her fucking clothes, I snaked beneath the hem of her shirt and hoodie to her bare flesh. Her skin felt like smooth satin. My fingers curled around her waist before gliding upward toward her breasts, and then her tit was filling my palm.

I squeezed the melon-sized globe, dragging a low moan from Audra when I pinched her nipple. The damned thing was hard as a fucking rock, and enlarged. As she ached against me, I lifted her clothes and took her tit into my mouth, nipping, sucking, and licking it until she was moving wildly against me. Letting her hands go so that I could touch her other tit, she buried her fingers in my hair with a cry.

She had nice tits, large, smooth, and firm. I could play with them all fucking day. The thought of sticking my dick between them and fucking them until I came all over her was tempting. I wanted to see my seed on her, to rub it deep into her flesh so that my scent marked her as mine. Even as I thought it I cursed it as a weakness.

“Kiss me, Hawk,” she pleaded, tearing through my thoughts like a fucking Mack truck, and just as lethal as one.

I jerked away from her, panting like I’d just run a marathon. Our eyes clung, and I was certain that the smoky hunger in hers matched what she saw in mine. She wore lust well, and for the first time I realized how truly beautiful she was. A man could get lost in her. I could, and that knowledge fucking brought me to my knees. I slammed my hands against the wall on either side of her head and crowded against her, this time in the ever present anger that was always there beneath the surface.

“I don’t fucking do kissing,” I snarled down into her flushed face. “Your mouth is only good for one thing.” I steeled myself against the sudden hurt that I saw swimming in her eyes. “Remember that.” With that I pushed away from the wall and turned my back on her.

I couldn’t let her get to me. 

I fucking couldn’t.




Chapter 8

Audra

Speechless, I watched Hawk walk away. I couldn’t move, wondering what I’d done to provoke that kind of seething anger, sensing that it was more than just asking him to kiss me. My heart was racing, my blood was boiling, I was so turned-on that I could feel my clit throbbing, and I knew Hawk was turned-on too. So how could he just walk away like that, as if he were too good to kiss me, too good to satisfy my needs? What kind of man did that?

A narcissistic prick, that’s who. 

Realizing that I was still leaning against the wall, broken and teary-eyed, I yanked my clothes back into place. Screw Hawk! I didn’t know what his demons were but it would be a cold day in hell before I let him get close to me like that again. I wasn’t a glutton for punishment, I didn’t like being hurt, and I prided myself on being a fast learner. Leaving Dane the very day that I had seen what kind of man he was, was proof of that.

Wasn’t it?

From here on out I needed to stay clear of Hawk, ignore him and the way he made me feel. I shouldn’t have been feeling anything anyway, he was a stranger. There might be women out there who could handle his particular brand of sex, but I wasn’t one of them. It was sad that he didn’t want the kind of touching and kissing that usually went along with sexual intimacy between partners, that he couldn’t seem to tolerate receiving it or giving it, but I needed it. I needed the closeness, and I’d be damned if I was going to let a man use me for his own selfish means.

As I walked outside my gaze landed on the bikers. Hawk had joined his friends and his back was to me, but I could see enough to know that he was eating something. His friends watched my approach, and I wondered if they saw the truth on my face, that I wanted to hurt their asshole leader. Yeah, they saw, because they both began to smile knowingly, so it surprised me when one of them, Clay, seemed to detach himself from their conversation and turn his sole attention on me.

“Want something to eat, baby?” Clay asked. 

Was that a trick question? I stared at him, about to blast him, when he reached inside the saddlebag hanging off the side of his bike and pulled out a wrapped sandwich. He handed it to me.

“You better take this, it’ll be a while before we stop again.”

“Thank you.” I moved to another tree and sank down against it, ignoring Hawk when he glanced my way. He certainly hadn’t cared if I got something to eat, the bastard. Before I knew it, Clay made his way over to me with a bottle of water. I gave him a smile, which he must have interpreted wrong, because the next thing I knew he was joining me. 

“Where are we going?” It occurred to me that I didn’t know. The sandwich was a thick ham and cheese on sourdough bread, and tastier than I’d anticipated.

“Well, we’re headin’ home,” he responded, grinning. “Not sure what Hawk has in mind for you.”

“I think he’s regretting helping me.” I took another bite. 

“Nah, we never regret helping a pretty woman,” Clay chuckled, reaching into his pocket for his pack of cigarettes and taking one out. “The fuckin’ trouble we ran into this morning was minor shit.” He lit his cigarette and inhaled deeply. “The kind that keeps us on our fuckin’ toes.”

Not for me. “Are those men, ah—,” I couldn’t say the word.

He had no such problem. “Dead?” 

I nodded.

“Nah, but they’ll be out of commission for a while.” He winked.

I wondered if I should tell him that there would be others. Hawk had to realize that. “They want me, your boss should just drop me off somewhere and be done with me.” I was surprised that I’d almost eaten the whole sandwich, and I decided to wrap up the remainder and save it for later. 

“Let’s go.” 

I glanced at Hawk to see that he was moving toward his bike. Clay got to his feet and reached his hand down to help me to mine. I stuffed the piece of sandwich into the front pocket of my hoodie and let him yank me to my feet. “You didn’t say where home is.”

“Solon, Maine.”

I’d never heard of it, but then why would I? I’d never been to Maine. I’d lived my whole life in Nevada. Sure, Dane and I had traveled, but only to touristy places like Hawaii and Florida, and a few places in Europe. He liked staying close to home where his business was located in Las Vegas so we never went for very long. The last minute trip to Last Hope had come as a surprise. I hadn’t known that Dane knew anyone in New Hampshire, much less anyone in a small town that was barely on the map.

He’d insisted on my going with him, as usual, though I’d never got any further than our host’s expensive country estate.

“It’s a small town.”

I nodded, acknowledging him, and found myself facing Hawk. He’d mounted his bike and was still taller than me. Why did he make my heart rate pick up speed? I didn’t even know the man, wasn’t sure I wanted to know him. He didn’t compare to any man I’d ever known. He was hard and cold, scary as shit, and yet there was something I couldn’t explain that drew me to him, and I hated it. He was clearly a broken man, a man without a soul. Somehow he’d flipped off his emotions as if he had a built-in light switch.

“I think I’ve come up with a solution to this… to our… my situation.” I’d only just thought of it, and I didn’t care if it made me look desperate to get away from him. He just raised a brow, crossed his arms over his massive chest, and waited. “I know I owe you and I pay my debts. At the next town I can get in touch with a friend who can wire me the money you need and we can go our separate ways.” 

It sounded like a good plan to me.

I smiled, don’t ask me why. At the same time I wondered how I could make a promise like that when I didn’t know how much the going rate was for saving someone’s ass, much less if Carol would have the amount of money Hawk might ask for. He remained silent, but I could tell he was thinking things over. His indifferent expression never changed. The coldness in his eyes never wavered. I couldn’t help wondering what he would look like with a smile on his face but what frightened me more was wondering how good his mean mouth would feel on mine.

How would he taste?

As I realized that I was staring at his mouth I raised my gaze to his, surprised to see the coldness had been replaced with something else. The brown of his eyes was simmering with intense heat, and the slightest flare of his nostrils indicated his arousal. I felt my nipples tingle into hard peaks and liquid heat uncurl inside my core. Why did my body react so quickly to him?

I ignored the subtle changes in him and squashed down my awareness, knowing that I would only get burned. “What do you think?” 

“I think you need to get on the back of my bike.”

My forced smile disappeared. Not what I was expecting. He couldn’t stand me, so why didn’t he jump at the opportunity to get rid of me?

“You don’t even like me,” I said, hoping to appeal to his common sense. 

“I’m not done with you yet.”

What? I’m not done with you yet? What the hell did that mean? I glanced at Clay and the other man, Keg, but their expressions were closed off. “What does that mean, Hawk?” I sneered the words at him, slamming my hands on my hips. Who did he think he was, anyway? Okay, I was grateful that he’d come to my rescue twice now, but I was offering him a chance to get rid of me and to go his merry way. Come to think of it, when did I need an overbearing brute to take charge of my life? He didn’t own me.

I said as much. “You don’t own me, Hawk. A little over twenty-four hours ago we didn’t even know each other. I appreciate your help but—”

“Get on the back of my bike, Audra.” His tone clearly revealed his impatience. 

He clearly didn’t care what I had to say. I heard Clay and Keg snort, and I glared at them briefly before putting my angry gaze back on Hawk. 

“Look around you,” he continued, releasing a heavy breath. “We’re in the middle of fucking nowhere.” Damn him, he was right. “The only thing between here and home are country roads and abandoned farms.”

I thought about what he said, glancing around us to gauge my luck on moving on, on my own steam. We were surrounded by absolutely nothing. The urge to defy with him was so strong, but in the end I would lose. I released a sigh, my gaze stopping on Clay. 

“Can I ride with you?”

“Fuck no.”

The quick response hadn’t come from Clay. I looked back at Hawk, frowning. “I was asking Clay.” 

“And I was answering for him. You stay on the back of my bike.” I glared at him, totally frustrated. “You owe me, not him.”

“So?” I all but screamed.

“Anyone gets between your legs, it will be me.”

I know my jaw dropped. It didn’t seem to matter that he’d already had his fingers inside me, or that I’d given him a blowjob. The implication that I had no say in who got between my legs had me seeing red. “In your fucking dreams! I don’t make love with men who can’t see to my needs—”

“Make love?” Keg chuckled, and he and Clay exchanged smiles. “Prez, she thinks we make love.”

“It’s called fucking, honey,” Clay added with humor in his tone. “Making love is for sweethearts and old ladies.”

I ignored their snickers, keeping my angry gaze on Hawk. The man was made of stone. Nothing I said or did seemed to affect him.  I wondered what it would take to make him react. Him sitting there silently, his huge arms crossed over his wide chest, just made me angrier. I wanted to strike out at him, even knowing that he could probably squash me like a pesky bug. 

“Whatever you call it.” I made sure to keep my eyes glued to Hawk’s. “It isn’t going to happen. I like kissing and touching when I−,” I shot a hard look to Clay and Keg, “Fuck. So keep me on the back of your bike as long as you want, Hawk. It doesn’t mean I’ll let you slide your big, fat cock into my pussy…ever.”

What had possessed me to say such a thing and use those kinds of filthy words? I felt heat race up my neck and into my cheeks. Felt my heart thumping in my chest. Clay and Keg were snickering and commenting among themselves like kids at a schoolyard playground. I ignored them, focusing on Hawk, watching the slow transformation spread over his hardened features. I couldn’t remember ever being so angry. I was too angry to comprehend the lethal look he was giving me, a combination of rage and lust, and damn, did it make me hot. 

Apparently Clay and Keg weren’t that far gone. I heard them turn silent, and then, “Baby, you don’t challenge Prez—”

“Prez, what does that even mean?” I snapped, cutting Keg off. “You only make love to old ladies? What kind of world do you live in?” What was I missing? Okay, I knew that I didn’t know a whole lot about bikers, and maybe that was a bad thing, because right now I had the feeling my mouth was getting me deeper into trouble. 

“Not knowing will be your only saving grace right now,” Hawk snarled, wrapping a hand around the back of my neck and yanking me up close to him. “Now get on the back of my bike or I swear I’ll fucking leave you right here. You know I will.”

Yeah, he would, because he was a mean prick. Our eyes locked, his mouth was so close to me that I actually felt more than just the heat of his breath. The hand at the back of my neck was like a clamp, showing just enough strength to prove that he could inflict a lot more pain if he wanted to. My instinct was to back away, but self-preservation held me in place. I wasn’t about to cut off my nose to spite my face. I relaxed.

“You done?” he growled.

“For now.” I refused to give him the satisfaction of saying yes. 

Slowly he relaxed his grip and when I was able to move again I slipped onto the back of his bike. Hawk waited for me to wrap my arms around him before shooting forward. The man was overbearing and infuriating, but at the moment I had no choice but to do what he wanted. It taught me a valuable lesson though, next time not to seek help from a big, bad biker. 




Chapter 9


Hawk

Fuck, Audra was a stubborn and feisty bitch.

It shouldn’t have turned me the fuck on, but it did.

First off, I fucking loved a challenge. My brothers knew she was treading on dangerous ground, but Audra didn’t have a clue the damage that I could do her. I was going to make sure she was educated in the ways of biker life when we stopped for the night. Her ignorance was the only thing that had saved her ass, and there wasn’t going to be a fucking second chance.

The next time her pretty little mouth got her into trouble I was going to spank the hell out of her ass before showing her who was boss. Her asking to ride with Clay after being on the back of my bike was a fucking problem. A woman didn’t sit on the back of one brother’s bike and move on to another one without there being consequences. I didn’t own Audra, and I didn’t intend to claim her, but as long as she owed me and my club she was going to stay exclusively mine.

No way I’d let a woman sit behind me who was fucking another brother, and that’s what would happen if she rode behind Clay. Clay was smooth, he knew how to fucking woo a woman into his bed, he’d give Audra the kind of loving she wanted, all the bullshit that went along with getting off and feeling good.

Sonya’s beautiful, traitorous face flashed behind my eyes. She was the reason I didn’t get close to women anymore. She was the reason I didn’t let a woman get close to me, not decent women, anyway. I couldn’t allow myself to forget what love had cost me. Sure, it had soured me toward all women, and maybe I did know deep down that they weren’t all alike, but it was a good excuse for keeping them at arm’s length. That is until I wanted relief. Then I didn’t give a fuck if they were decent or whores.

As long as they understood the score.

I clenched my jaw until I thought it would fucking crack. Knowing that I didn’t have it in me to give Audra what she wanted, why didn’t I just let her go to Clay? The thought of his mouth and hands on her tits and pussy made me feel like an animal, one that wanted to rip his dick off and shove it up his ass. Christ, it wasn’t even his fault I fucking felt that way. The woman behind me was screwing with my head.

Maybe I’d gone too long without sinking my dick into a warm, willing pussy.

Fuck, how long had it been?

Too long. I’d been making do with blowjobs, and the fact that I couldn’t recall the last time told me enough to be worried for Audra. 

She was in a prime position for relieving my self-induced draught.

I was too fucking aware of the tightness of her body behind mine, the link of her small hands just above my zipper. I swear I could feel the heat of her cunt against me, and every time we circled a corner or hit a bump and her thighs tightened against mine my dick responded. Fuck, how long could I hold out from claiming her pussy? The blowjob she’d given me the night before had blown my mind, especially when she’d done that little trick with her finger in my fucking ass, causing me to shoot my load like an exploding geyser. The women I knew would have never dared to do something so personal without checking with me first.

The sight of smoke in the distance had me signaling to stop. After the little altercation at Juicy Lucy’s that morning, I’d decided to avoid the highway and take the back roads the rest of the way home. I was pretty damn certain that Audra’s ex had more than two men on his payroll, and that there would be others after her. The cloud of smoke burning out in the middle of nowhere could spell trouble, the kind where the people involved didn’t want any witnesses. Clay and Keg pulled up on the left of me.

“Someone burning trash?” Clay guessed.

I shook my head. “Doubt it.” There was nothing around for miles except overgrown pasture lands, downed fences and abandoned farms.

“I’ll check it out.” Keg said, spinning gravel as he took off.

I watched him disappear around the curve in the road. It was hard to tell how far away the smoke was. It was too far away to smell anything from where we were. I didn’t like riding into any situation blind. We were the kind of club to face shit head-on, but other MC’s played dirty, and I didn’t plan to make it easy for anyone by riding into an ambush. We’d just left Last Hope with a sweet payoff after several fights, leaving behind a few sore losers.

When I faced a man in the ring I left him bloody, broken, and ruined.

Clay took the opportunity to light a cigarette. A slight movement drew my gaze downward to see Audra’s hands slowly unlink just above the snap of my jeans. The brief visual of her undoing my zipper and slipping her hand inside was ruined by the sight of her stretching her fingers several times and then pulling her arms from around me.

“Fuck, it’ll be nice to get back home,” Clay grumbled around his smoke. His eyes rested on Audra, squinting through the smoke curling up from his lips. 

I’d seen that look on him before, the one that he got when he wanted something, and at some point he’d decided that he wanted her. He wouldn’t touch her though, not as long as she was on my bike. That alone told my brothers that I’d claimed her until I was done with her, and it didn’t matter if it was for sex or until a debt had been paid back. It kept shit straight when they understood early on to keep their hands off and to keep their distance. 

“One more night, brother.”  I listened for any sign of trouble in the distance. The only noise I could make out was the low rumble of Keg’s chopper. It wasn’t long before the sound reversed, and grew louder, telling me he was on his way back. Sure enough, he came into view with a grim look on his bearded face. Fuck. I knew this wasn’t going to be good.

He pulled up next to me until we were face to face. “The Blue Knights were having a little barbeque,” he said. “Saw them riding off as I got close.”

“Another motorcycle club?” Audra asked from behind me.

“Yeah, and not good lookin’ guys like us, baby,” Clay joked, tossing his cigarette butt.

I ignored her snort. The Blue Knights were a club of young college-age pussies that aspired to become hard-core bad asses by doing anything they could that they thought an outlaw club was involved in. Because of that warped philosophy they didn’t have any boundaries, deciding that we were all involved in drugs, weapons, and the sex trade. They made bad fucking decisions, anything to get their MC noticed and on the map. What they didn’t get was that they were being noticed for all the wrong reasons and that no one respected them, or took them serious.

What were they doing in this remote area? A barbeque in the middle of fucking nowhere meant they were probably getting rid of evidence.  “How many?” 

Keg shrugged. “I only saw two.”

“Why would anyone have a barbeque way out here?” 

Audra’s naive question received snorts from Keg and Clay. I grinned. She didn’t want to know, but I had a feeling she was about to find out. “Okay, let’s go.” 

We slowed down as we rode up to the fire, which wasn’t very far off the road. There was no denying what the Blue Knights had been burning. The charred remains of a body were clearly evident in the flames. Stupid fucks. They had a lot to learn. Fire didn’t destroy everything, and they’d left plenty of fucking DNA behind. 

I felt Audra tense behind me. “Ohmygod!” She shuddered violently. “Who—what—what kind of monster—”

“Don’t look.” I knew it was too late, but I said it anyway. The movement I felt afterwards told me that she’d turned her face away. I could feel her cheek rub against my shoulder and the trembling in her arms.
“They better hope the bastard doesn’t have dental records,” Clay remarked as we came to a stop. The fire had burned away the lips and enough flesh surrounding the mouth to show a full set of perfect teeth. “Wonder who the poor fucker was.”

“Wait a minute.” Keg got off his bike and moved close to the fire. He kicked at something on the ground, and then bent to pick it up. “Holy fuck,” he growled in an ominous tone.

“What is it, brother?” I narrowed my gaze at the shiny object in his hands. He walked back to me holding his hand out, and dropped a heavy gold ring in my palm. It was a man’s, large and expensive, with the initials DC. Finding something so obvious told me a lot. “They wanted the body identified.”

Clay leaned in to take a look. “Fuck, they offed Covacks’ son, Dominick?” 

“They’re either dumb as dirt or they have a fucking death wish.” 

Keg was right, on both counts. Covacks was wealthy and powerful and had a small army of mercenaries on his payroll. He owned as many illegal conglomerates as he did legal, one of which was the underground fighting in Last Hope, New Hampshire. It was one of the very few neutral grounds for all biker clubs, the irony being that they went there to fight. Covacks kept tight control, though. Fighting was kept in the ring. 

I’d gone a round with his personal fighters after hearing how lethal they were. I’d wanted to see for myself just how good they were before sending any of my brothers into the ring with them. It was one thing to set brother upon brother to let off a little steam and win some money for their club, but everyone knew that Covacks’ fighters were trained to fucking kill or he lost a lot of his own green. Well, they hadn’t fucking killed me, and the club was a little richer for it.

I pocketed the bulky ring and then took out my phone and snapped a few pictures of what appeared to be the smoking remains of Covacks’ only son. The Blue Knights were fucked if it really turned out to be Dominick, and he wouldn’t just go after the killer, he’d go after their whole fucking club. For a new MC with little resources and even less smarts they wouldn’t stand a chance. 

“The smell…can we please go?” 

Yeah, it was fucking bad. The combination of copper, sulfur, and something sickly sweet was enough to turn the strongest stomach. There wasn’t another smell like that of burning flesh, and it was something you never forgot. If you were really unlucky the smell could stay inside your sinuses for days. I couldn’t blame Audra for wanting to get the fuck out of there. 

Before long we’d put a mile behind us, and then another and another, until we were nearing the end of the day. I’d hoped to find an abandoned house to spend the night in, but by the time we stopped there were none in sight. That was fucking okay with me and my brothers, and nothing new when we were traveling. I fucking preferred sleeping out in the open anyway. It agreed with our free way of life philosophy. 
We pulled off the small, narrow road into a field, parking our bikes under a cluster of trees. “We have a short ride tomorrow,” I said to Audra, helping her off. 

She stretched with a moan before running her hands down her backside. “Thank, God.” Her tone revealed that she was achy and tired. “Then what? Will you report that murder?”

I glared at her long and hard, knowing that she could see my eyes in spite of the fucking darkness. “No.” I dismounted. “If I was gonna do that I would have called it in.” I walked away from her to the nearest tree to take a piss.

“But, that’s insane, Hawk. Someone died in that fire. Those other bikers—” Audra was right behind me and it was obvious that she was getting worked up.

“Look,” I swung on her with a snarl. “Let me give you a brief history of our life, baby.” Her shoulders were small beneath my hands as I grabbed them and pushed her up against that same tree. “We don’t call cops, for the same reason that we took care of those men back at Juicy Lucy’s we take care of our own problems and have our own set of laws. We’re not weekend warriors pretending to be hard-core bikers after the nine-to-five-job is done for the week. We eat, breath, and die for this life.” She was struggling against my hold, a rush of angry breath leaving her mouth. “And that reminds me.” I lowered my face close to hers. “While you’re on the back of my bike, you don’t question me, ever. You don’t challenge me. When a biker puts a woman on the back of his bike he’s committing himself to protecting her. She belongs to him.”

I could tell that she didn’t like that, not one little bit. Her mouth opened and closed like a goldfish out of water, gasping for air. It might have been funny if I hadn’t had to pee so fucking bad. I released her and stepped behind the tree, unzipping my pants. As I emptied my bladder the relief was instant. Audra was still standing where I’d left her when I stepped back out from behind the tree, zipping up my jeans. Our eyes clashed.

“Belong to you?” Her expression revealed that she thought I was crazy, the hands on her hips said she was eager for a fight. “One blowjob doesn’t give you the right—” 

“Blowjob! You got lucky, Prez?” Clay snorted, drawing our attention. 

A sharp sound of outrage escaped Audra. I crossed my arms and smirked down at her. Her embarrassment at forgetting that we weren’t alone was obvious. I could just imagine the green of her eyes shooting sparks of fire. It would have been better if she hadn’t reminded me of the mind-blowing orgasm she’d given me the other night, because now my cock was hard and wanted attention. 

“You giving away blowjobs, pretty lady?” A cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth, Keg shook out his bedroll. 

“You wish!” Audra snapped, and then rolled her eyes. “God, I don’t even know what I’m saying anymore. I’m involved with a bunch of horny, filthy-mouthed bikers!” 
Keg and Clay both broke out in laughter, while I just stared down at her, visualizing her mouth wrapped around my dick. Just the thought made my dick jerk, the movement drawing her attention to the front of my pants. I didn’t even try to cover up my predicament. Why should I? 

Her gaze flew back up to mine. “Horny, filthy—”

“Who saved your ass,” I sneered, cutting her off. “So I suggest you make the best of your situation until I figure out what the fuck I’m gonna do with you.”

“I know what we can do with her.”

“Shut it,” I barked at Clay.

“You don’t have to do anything with me but get me somewhere safe, where I can have some money wired so I can pay you and move on. Then we’ll both be happy.”

My gaze fell to the bounce of her sexy ass as she stomped off toward a single tree and disappeared behind it. 

I thought about her words.

Shit wasn’t that easy. 




Chapter 10

Audra

We finally arrived at their clubhouse early the next morning. I don’t know what I was expecting to see but it wasn’t the huge, two-story house with the giant marble pillars and arched windows that we arrived at. Even though it looked renovated I got the sense that it was an old building. We rode into a parking lot with lights and security cameras and a sign revealing that it was a restaurant. As we continued down to the opposite end of the house, it was clear from the sign above a different door that it was also a bar. The parking lot was empty as we continued around to the back. 

There were several motorcycles backed-in against the building. As Hawk, Keg, and Clay parked near the single door and switched off their bikes, I could hear music coming from inside. A party at this time of the morning? My answer came when Hawk guided me inside and my eyes adjusted to the dim interior. No party, just a half dozen or so bikers shooting the breeze and playing pool in the corner where the table was located. 

“Hey, prez is back!” someone shouted from across the room.

“Looks like he brought us a new sweetbutt,” someone else said.

“Hey sweetheart!” A third man sounded way too enthusiastic, and I felt myself strain back against the firm hand Hawk kept against my lower back.

They looked just as rough as Hawk. Long hair, beards or morning fuzz covering their jaws, their muscular tattooed arms revealed in the leather vests they were wearing. All sported various patches on them. Some had t-shirts beneath the leather, while others revealed chests and abs. Jeans that were stained, dirty and ripped encased the lower half of their bodies, and heavy black boots and various chains completed their ensembles. The closer we got to them the more their tired, red rimmed eyes became visible, and I wondered how much could be attributed to alcohol or drugs rather than lack of sleep.

I was conscious of every eye on me, looking me over from top to bottom, assessing my worth. They were going to be disappointed to learn that I wasn’t there for their enjoyment. Or maybe they wouldn’t, considering that I hardly looked attractive after three days in the same borrowed clothes, none of which showcased my true, curvy form to advantage. 

“Anything to report here?”  Hawk questioned once we came to a stop. His gaze seemed to be zeroed in on one man in particular. 

“Nope. Been quiet, man.” The man was completely bald, with sharp blue eyes. He had a tattoo of a black cross beneath his right eye. “How’d it go in Last Hope?”

“Bout what I’d expected. Covacks’ fighters are lethal as fuck.”

“But prez obliterated them!” Keg added with boyish enthusiasm.

So that explained the damage to his knuckles, the cuts and bruises on his rugged face. I’d been curious but not enough to ask.

“Is this pretty little thing a new toy for us, Prez?”

I followed the gravelly voice to the speaker, barely managing to catch my breath before realizing the affect his face had on me. His grin didn’t do anything to help the jagged scars crisscrossing his left cheek, as if someone had taken a broken piece of glass to his flesh. One cut in particular went down the length of his neck, which might have accounted for the way his voice sounded. He was scary, and I found myself thinking that I wouldn’t want to be caught alone with him somewhere.

“No, she’s business.”  Hawk’s tone was flat, revealing how insignificant I was. “We have things to discuss. Church in ten.” He glanced down at me for a minute. “Come with me.”

As if I had any choice. In that moment Hawk held all the cards. As I followed him through another door that led to some stairs, I couldn’t help but hope that wherever he was taking me had a shower. We walked up two sets of stairs, opened a door, and entered a hallway lined with other doors on either side. Hawk opened one and pulled me inside and that’s when I realized they probably all led to bedrooms.

“There’s a bathroom through that door, take a shower and wait here for me. When I get back you can call your friend.”

“So you’re going to let me go, then?” It irked me that I even had to ask.

“I didn’t say that.”

I frowned. “Well, you can’t have your cake and eat it, too.”

The tiniest movement at the corner of his sensuous mouth told me that he was holding back a smile. Why did he fight it so hard? It wasn’t like his face would crack and fall off if he smiled. Or was he just afraid to show that side of himself?

“Come to think of it, you never told me what the going rate is for rescuing women on the run.”

“We’ll talk when I get back.” He opened the door we’d just come through. “Right now I have church.”
Church? He didn’t strike me as the religious type and besides, who the hell went to church on a Thursday morning? I rushed to the door when the tell-tale click indicated that he’d locked it. Sure enough, when I turned the doorknob nothing happened. Damn him! In a fit of anger I kicked the door. He had no right to keep me there against my will. Where did he think I would go? Releasing a breath of frustration, I swung around and faced the room.

I wondered if this was Hawk’s room. It was clear that it belonged to someone, because it looked lived in. Someone manly, judging by the clothes that were strewn about and the extra pair of clunky boots that rested against the wall. Sparsely furnished, the room was dominated by a king-size bed, and a large TV against the wall at the foot of it. The dresser top was littered with various change, bullets, and packages of unopened condoms.

I scoffed at the condoms. From what little I knew about Hawk, I didn’t think he needed the condoms. Of course, just because he hadn’t fucked me didn’t mean that he didn’t like fucking. I was curious to see what kind of woman he found interesting enough to let loose on, and for more than just a blowjob. The man had serious issues with intimacy. It was as if he was afraid of exposing himself.

Recalling his earlier words about a shower, I pushed away from the door. I couldn’t wait to wash away the grime, from my body and shampoo my hair. I didn’t have a thing with me, and I refused to put back on the filthy clothes I was wearing. On a hunch, I went to the dresser and opened a drawer. A stack of tees met my eyes and I reached for one, not caring if he minded or not. 

I stripped and entered the shower without hesitation, quickly adjusting the water to as hot as I could stand it. I scrubbed my body twice before tackling my long hair, pleasantly surprised to find conditioner in the shower. It smelled heavenly, and I sensed that there was no way it could be Hawk’s. It made my thick, red tresses feel like silk. I remained beneath the hot water an extra few minutes, enjoying the feeling of being clean once again.

The bathroom was good and steamed up by the time I turned off the water and stepped out of the glass enclosure. I grabbed the first towel that I saw and quickly dried off with it, also wringing it through my hair until my hair wasn’t dripping anymore.  I was just reaching for the tee I’d brought in with me when I heard someone out in the other room. Crap! With shaking fingers I quickly brought it over my head and smoothed it down my body.

The fogged-up mirror revealed that I’d grabbed a fairly thin, old t-shirt with the Phantom Riders logo on it. Instinctively I knew that it belonged to Hawk. It was massive on me, covering me all the way down to my knees. The soft material felt good against my skin, and I lifted the neck up and inhaled, surprised to find that it smelled like Hawk. 

What? I already knew his smell? My mouth turned down in a frown of annoyance.

The bathroom door opened, and I found myself face to face with Hawk. His sharp gaze dropped down my body and moved back up again, so fast that if I’d have blinked I would have missed it. His cold expression didn’t give anything away, so it surprised me when he said, “That’s my favorite t-shirt.”

Of course.

I didn’t hesitate, because I knew how some people felt about their favorite things. “Would you like me to take it off?” 

“No,” he said flatly, looking beyond me into the steamy bathroom.  He lifted his nose and breathed in. “You smell good.”

I had the feeling that he was trying to figure out why. I laughed softly, fingering the wet strands of my hair. “One of your girlfriends left a bottle of conditioner and I used some.”

His eyes met mine, before he leaned in and sniffed my hair. Then he pulled back. “I don’t have girlfriends.”

“I didn’t think so.” I moved to step around him when he grabbed my arm.

“Why do you say that?” he frowned.

I shrugged. “You don’t like intimacy or kissing and stuff. I just figured that since most girls do like that stuff, it’d be hard for you to find one who didn’t.”

“I never said that I didn’t like intimacy. I don’t do that kissing and foreplay shit—”

“Which is intimacy,” I pointed out. “You like getting your rocks off but it’s all about you. You don’t care what the woman wants because you’re a selfish—” I halted, aware of what I was about to say, forgetting for a second that he’d given me an intense orgasm, even if he hadn’t meant to at the time.

His steely eyes narrowed on me. “Say it,” he demanded between clenched teeth.

“No. You know what you are. What any man is who takes but doesn’t give in return.”  I tugged my arm free. “Do you have an extra toothbrush and hairbrush that I can borrow?”  

I was surprised when he stepped past me into the bathroom. He yanked open the medicine cabinet over the sink, grabbed something, and then handed it to me without speaking. It was a brand new toothbrush. My gaze moved past it to the tube of toothpaste at the back of the sink. “Thanks.” I quickly tore into the wrapper, coated it with paste, and began to brush my teeth. It was while I was standing back up after rinsing my mouth that I noticed Hawk was still behind me.

I froze, our gazes meeting in the mirror. Holy smokes! I didn’t need to glance down to know that he was naked. God, the man took my breath away, he was that magnificent. The strength in his upper body was obvious, even through the tattoos covering his flesh. Defined, hard muscles rippled down his torso before creating a sexy v-shape to the single muscle hanging between his legs. Was he hard? I couldn’t see it, but I remembered what his cock had felt like in my mouth.

I wanted to turn around and touch him all over. I’d had glimpses of his body before, but not like this, in the bright light of a bathroom. The sight of Hawk was visually stimulating, and before I knew it my body was responding. Smooth heat flushed through me in rippling waves until my body hummed with arousal. My nipples grew taut with awareness, recalling what his mouth felt like. I wanted to squeeze my legs together to stop the sudden ache building there. 

The spell was broken when Hawk turned and stepped into the shower. I took a deep breath, cleaned my toothpaste, off the brush and left the bathroom.  I needed to distance myself from Hawk before I let him get to me again. It was one thing to be lusting after him, but something about the dark and brooding hulk tugged at my heart strings. The deep, haunting look in his eyes told me there was something buried there, something that had destroyed the man he used to be, leaving behind the shell he was today. 

He was a soulless man.

I spied a hairbrush on the shelf above the sink and reached for it, then went and sat on the edge of the bed to work it through my hair. My thoughts went to Carol, my only friend. It was kind of sad if you thought about it, a twenty-five year old woman with only one friend she can trust. She was the one friend Dane hadn’t been able to run off and alienate, because Carol had gotten married and moved away shortly after Dane and I’d begun dating. He’d probably forgotten all about my childhood friend. 

I hoped he’d forgotten about her anyway. She was my only way out of the mess that I was in now. I realized I was counting on a lot with Carol because of our past relationship, but when she’d left Vegas to begin her married life with Craig she’d made me promise to call her if I ever needed her. She knew that I’d return the favor if she needed me. But Carol had been lucky in choosing Craig. So far their marriage was rock solid. 

The bathroom door opened and Hawk emerged with nothing but a towel wrapped around his lean hips, hanging too low for my peace of mind. I stood up, feeling at a disadvantage on the bed. His gaze moved over me, lingering on my hair and where it was wetting the material that covered my breasts.  I glanced down to see what he was so focused on. Yeah, my nipples were hard and looked like two protruding kernels against the thin shirt, just begging for a man’s mouth on them. 

I ignored their tingling nuisance. “Are we going to talk now?” 

He smirked, but there was no denying the lust darkening his eyes. “Yeah.” There was a brief significant pause. “After.”

For a big man Hawk moved fast, catching me by surprise. A sharp gasp passed through my lips as I found myself backed up against the wall. I felt his hand at the back of my head to cushion the impact, tilting my face up toward his. “After?” My heart was pounding at his move, hot desire quivering in my lower belly. Fuck, I wanted his mouth on mine, but I’d be damned if I was going to put myself in a position of being shot down.

The heat of his damp body practically rolled off of him. His clean, masculine scent made me hungry. What did he mean by after? After what? His expression was a mask of raw dangerous emotion, almost primal as he glared down at me. It was clear that he was undecided, almost afraid, but that was crazy. A man like Hawk wasn’t afraid of anything. 

There was a knock at the door and then it partially opened. “Baby—” It was a tall, buxom women wearing a miniscule bikini. Her gaze took us in and the smile on her brightly painted lips disappeared. “I came to take care of you.”

Hawk’s eyes never left mine. “Out,” he growled.

“But I always do you after a run,” she whined. “If you want a threesome you know I’m cool with that.”

She sounded almost desperate. Hawk was clenching his teeth, and he turned his head slightly to make eye contact with the woman. “I don’t want a threesome, and I don’t want your mouth.” His nostrils were flaring when he turned back to me. I couldn’t move away from the wall, or from the spell that he had me under. His huge body was blocking me and his beefy arms on either side of me kept me trapped.

“Baby…” she had the nerve to push the door in further. The woman was either too dense to get his message or too determined to wiggle her way into my place.  “Let me relieve you. I can tell you’re all wound up.”

“I need pussy this time and I have what I want right here,” he snarled in a low tone. “Now get the fuck out.”

My breath caught at his words, and I felt a bubble of moisture rupture from my core and make a direct line to my pussy. I heard a huff, and then the door closed with a bang. The woman had left angry, but I didn’t care. My focus was on the hard-jawed beast in front of me. “Wound up” had been putting it mildly. He reminded me of a wild animal, hungry, and ready to do serious damage, even while it seemed that something was holding him back.

Was he afraid he’d hurt me?

The whole situation was turning me on beyond belief, and that was just crazy! I’d never in my life considered screwing a man after only knowing him for a day. I’d known Dane for three weeks before we’d become intimate. But I’d never known a man like Hawk before, and something about him, perhaps the unpredictable life that he lived, told me it was better to grab it while it was within reach, whatever it was. Because there might not be a chance tomorrow.

Before I realized what I was doing, I reached up and cupped the side of his hard, whisker-roughened jaw, hoping to calm the turmoil in his blood. “What happened to you?” I asked softly. “Who made you this way?”

“No.” He reached up, wrapped his hand around my wrist, removed my hand, and pinned it to the wall over my head. I gasped at his painful grip. “I don’t want soft from you. The grip around my wrist was enough to leave bruises. 

His comment caused a rush of anger to course through me that was every bit as powerful as the lust heating my blood. It seemed that Hawk didn’t want a lot from me. How could he expect me to just lie back and let him use me to get off without giving me something in return? Maybe the woman who’d just left was that kind of woman but I was selfish, and I had needs, too.  I was unwillingly attracted to Hawk, and I felt empathy for whatever it was that he’d obviously gone through that made him the way that he was, but I wasn’t a doormat. 

I reached up with my free hand and slapped him hard. It was the first time I’d ever hit another human being. “You don’t want soft, well how is that for you?” I snapped, nostrils flaring at the wild feeling surging through me.

He effortlessly snatched that wrist and dragged my arm over my head to join the other one. I balked at that, twisting and grinding to get away, but all Hawk did was combine my wrists in one of his large hands and bring his free hand up to my throat. I stilled, breathing hard, aware that it would take little effort of any kind for him to do serious harm to me. 

He moved his face closer to mine. “That was a mistake. Violence is all I know, baby, and it turns me the fuck on.” He leaned into me, grinding his erection into my belly. “You feel that?” I could only gasp at his brutality. “I’m going to stuff my dick so far into your pussy that you’ll think I’m tearing you apart.” 

I know my eyes grew big. His raspy threat should have frightened me, but it had the opposite effect, drawing a wet response from my body that I had no hope of denying. What kind of sicko did that make me that the thought of him using me made me weak with anticipation? And I knew that he wouldn’t be gentle, he’d already shown me that he liked it rough. “No—” I whispered half-heartedly.

“Yes, baby. And you know what? You’re going to like it. I’m done denying myself what I want.”

With that Hawk pulled me away from the wall to the bed. I didn’t even think about digging my heels in, mesmerized by the unleashed menace in him. In spite of his roughness, a spark of excitement I’d been trying to contain turned into a volcanic flow of slutty need inside my core. I couldn’t remember the last time I’d felt such primal lust, or the hunger to be dominated and claimed in the most raw and basic way. 

Dane had been a slow and sensual lover, but I was sure that Hawk was going to own me before it was all over. 

Without kissing. 

Without foreplay. 

Keeping his emotions detached.

There was nothing slow and sensual about his pushing me to the bed. He followed me down, roughly shoving aside the material that covered my body. His hand almost covered up my large breast, squeezing it and tweaking the nipple hard enough to pull a cry from me. Almost instantly the pain turned into a lightning bolt of pleasure that zinged right down to my throbbing clit. Pleasure exploded through my body, causing me to gyrate against Hawk wherever I could touch him.

“Fuuuck!” he growled low, using one hand to shape my flesh, and his mouth on the other breast. His teeth and tongue tortured my nipple without mercy. As I cried out beneath him Hawk’s roaming hand skimmed down my body to my pussy. He didn’t do foreplay? I begged to differ with him, because what he was doing made my body crave more. 

I could feel his fully erect cock between my legs, hot and thrusting. I wanted that massive muscle inside me, plunging away, at the same time afraid that I wouldn’t be able to take all of him. If I’d thought Hawk was going to be tender I may have had less fear, but I knew that he was going to take me like the beast he was, hard and without gentleness. 

“Hawk—” I ran my hands over his shoulders and down his back. He still had the towel on, but it did nothing to hide his throbbing cock from me. I slipped beneath it, digging my nails into the cheeks of his butt.

He jerked with a snarl, thrusting his fingers inside me as if to punish me. I was sopping wet though, and he slid in easily. Both of us were breathing hard. Both of us were all over each other in a violent discovery that fueled our rampant hunger to dangerously high levels. We wanted to consume one another. 

He must have been satisfied with how wet I was because he pulled his fingers out, took his cock in his hands, and took aim. I tensed, trying to close my thighs. “Condom!” I hissed.

“I haven’t had my dick inside a woman in over a year,” he was quick to snap back, and the only attempt to tell me in his way that he was clean. 

It wasn’t enough. I’d never had unprotected sex before, even with Dane. “I don’t care!”

His growl sounded like thunder in the room as he reached for the drawer to the nightstand close by. With rough impatience he pulled out a condom package, tore it open with his teeth and expertly covered his shaft. In the next instant Hawk was slamming his over-sized cock inside me as far as it would go.

He bottomed out, hitting my cervix, his heavy balls resting against my ass. I caught my breath at the feeling of fullness that followed. So many different sensations flooded through me that it was hard to focus on just one as my body adjusted to the stretch and burn of his cock. The fullness was almost too much to bear, but in a pleasant way, and I reacted without thinking, sinking my teeth into his shoulder.

Hawk’s large hands flexed against my hips. His hiss ended with a low groan and a full body shudder. 

 “Fucking hell, woman, you’re tight,” Hawk grumbled, not moving. “This isn’t going to take long.” His warm breath brushed across the top of my head. His heart was pounding just as hard as mine, sweat made his flesh glisten. I knew that he wasn’t into kissing but I couldn’t help it. I leaned forward and kissed him on the spot where I’d bitten him.

“You never said I couldn’t kiss you,” I breathed against his skin.

The briefest tensing of his body was his only acknowledgement. He began to move his hips, and I followed every gasp that passed through my lips with a kiss upon his damp flesh, reacting when his speed picked up. My kisses turned into nibbles, and then bites. I didn’t care if I was hurting him. When Hawk grabbed my legs and folded them up against my body, I lost all control and bit down on him hard enough to leave a mark. His only response was a deep grunt that rang with pleasure. Each thrust of his body brought me closer and closer to orgasm.

He didn’t need to manipulate my clit. Every downhill thrust caused his cock to glide against the swollen protuberance with surprising accuracy and jab against my G-spot before sinking in deep. With one hand clenched onto his tight ass, my mouth nibbling, kissing, and sucking wherever I could reach him, I ran my other hand up and down his backside, enjoying the feel of his straining muscles. He pounded into me relentlessly.

Without warning Hawk grunted and quickly flipped me over so that I was on my belly. Before I had a chance to recover he grabbed me by the hips and pulled me back onto my knees, entering me in the same breath. A cry escaped me at the impact, the new position sending a bolt of electricity through me so sharp that I lost control, climaxing with a scream that I was sure could be heard throughout the club.

I didn’t care. I was being consumed, overloaded with pleasure that controlled my whole being. I’d never experienced such earth-shattering ecstasy. I hadn’t known it even existed. My sexual encounters at Dane’s hands paled in comparison, and only revealed how truly unskilled he had been as a lover. Maybe not unskilled, but certainly lacking.

I could tell by Hawk’s heavier breathing and grunts that he was getting ready to come. His speed picked up and after several deep plunges, he held himself inside me and erupted, with a powerful orgasm. I quivered and moaned because it felt like his cock swelled even more inside me while he ejaculated.  I couldn’t help wonder what it would feel like if he hadn’t been wearing a condom.




Chapter 11

Hawk

Son of a bitch! Audra’s tight little cunt was squeezing my dick hard, keeping the aftershocks pulsing through my body long after I’d spilled my seed. I held myself deep inside her as the convulsions rolled over me, controlling my muscles. Fuck, when was the last time I’d come that hard? Never, that’s when. This woman, a stranger, and a major pain in my ass, was getting to me, so fast that it scared the shit out of me. What made her so fucking special?

That damned, fiery hair that even now my fingers were buried in? I sank my face down into the mass of softness, breathing in the clean floral scent of it. She tightened her pussy, whether in a reflection or on purpose, I didn’t know. My dick didn’t care, either, jerking inside her with renewed strength. Her soft whimper made me smile. 

Yeah. I could fucking go again. Blowjobs were nice, but being snug inside a warm wet cunt was nicer. Club pussy had stopped satisfying me a long time ago. Sid was the only one who was gutsy enough to keep coming around, insisting that she had what I wanted, content with just sucking me off. Fuck, I knew she thought she could tame the beast inside me, claim her victory by becoming my old lady, but she couldn’t be more wrong. 

I’d killed the only old lady I’d ever have. 

My swelling dick reminded me that it was still hungry, and I put my attention back on the woman beneath me. My t-shirt covered everything but her pretty heart-shaped ass. I pushed the material up and over her head, smoothing my hand back down her soft flesh. Audra had nice curves, fuller than any of the resident sweetbutts. She moaned softly when my hand moved over one fine cheek.

She wiggled a little. I leaned forward and clamped my teeth down into the spot between her neck and shoulder. She sucked in her breath, her hands fisting in the sheet beneath her. I turned my face and whispered into her ear, “That was just a warm-up, baby.” I thrust my hips against her. I was hard as a rock again.

She thrust back and hissed, “So show me what you’ve got.”

Oh, I fucking intended to. I pulled out of her with a plop and moved down the bed, dragging her with me. Once I was standing at the foot I removed the used condom, tied it off and tossed it in the direction of the trash can. Then I flipped her over and pulled her ass to the edge of the bed. Our eyes met. Hers were clouded over. I reached forward and pulled the t-shirt the rest of the way off, letting my eyes move over her thoroughly and slowly. Her large tits were moving up and down with her heavy breathing, and for a moment I pictured what my dick would look like thrusting between them.

Jesus. When I met her eyes again, the look in hers seemed to be saying, well, what are you waiting for? I forced her legs apart, stepped between them, and pulled her onto my waiting dick. Her eyes rolled back and her mouth parted with a gasp. I clenched my teeth, feeling my balls slap against her ass when I bottomed out. 

“You have a tight cunt,” I ground out between my teeth, thrusting in and out.

“You have a big cock,” she countered, clenching tightly around it every time I was inside her.

I grunted in acknowledgement, moving my hands further up to her hips and jerking her bottom off the bed. Now I was entering Audra at an angle that had her twisting and clutching at the bed covers. Her soft moans urged me to pick up speed. I watched her expression while plowing into her sweet pussy.

Without taking her eyes off mine her hands moved, slowly. One smoothed up her body to her bouncing tits while the other settled in the wet hair between her legs. My gaze shifted between the hand plucking at her extended nipples and the one playing with her clit. Her breathing escalated and she closed her eyes with a moan. I had the sudden urge to nudge her hand away and give her what she wanted. Fuck, I wanted to.

But I knew I wouldn’t. 

“I’m coming!”

If her husky cry wasn’t enough to get me off, the sight of her bringing her tit to her mouth and licking the nipple did. I roared out my orgasm, slamming into her and giving her everything I had.

“Fuck…fuck…fuck,” I rasped, throwing my head back as the intensity almost dropped me to my knees.  Every time my dick ejaculated I had to fight to stay on my feet. I gripped Audra’s hips roughly, holding her tight to me as if I wanted to prevent any cum from seeping out of her body. I didn’t know where the fuck that thought came from, but it was sobering. 

By the time I straightened and opened my eyes, Audra had collapsed against the bed, panting heavily and covered in beads of moisture. She was beautiful. Fucking beautiful! The fire of her wild hair spread out around her, a startling backdrop for her flushed face. Her flushed body looked soft and satisfied. The red curls at the juncture of her thighs were soaked and glistening with cum. For a maddening second I wondered what it would feel like to crawl onto the bed and wrap myself around her. 

Like I used to do with Sonya.

Instead, I pulled out of her and stepped back. A fragile string of cum kept us connected. Fuck that was hot! Almost as hot as the sight of Audra’s well-fucked pussy with my seed slipping out of it. It’d been years since I’d ridden a woman bareback, and I was a fucking asshole for not using a condom with Audra when I knew she wanted my shit covered, but then I wouldn’t have had the pleasure of feeling nothing between us. The friction of skin against skin wasn’t quite the same when my dick was covered with latex.

A feeling of dread came over me as I moved away and went back into the bathroom to clean up. I couldn’t afford to let this tiny woman disrupt my life. She was already trouble. It would be best if I sorted out her situation and sent her on her way. I had Fox doing a check on her ex now. He was the club’s resident computer nerd, handling background checks, surveillance, and setting up security.  

Finding out who and what Dane Winthrop was couldn’t happen soon enough. 

I wiped my dick off and got dressed. On the way past my bed I hesitated and glanced down at Audra. She’d crawled up to a pillow and was curled on her side. I lifted a corner of the blanket and drew it over her body before leaving the room. 

“Baby—”

“What the fuck?” I frowned seeing Sid leaning against the wall on the other side of my door. Had she been there the whole damned time? She stepped away from the wall and my hands automatically shot out to stop her from touching me. “How long you been here?”

Anger glinted in her brown eyes, and her red mouth twisted. “Long enough.”

“Then you know I don’t need you.” Her gasp of outrage told me that she didn’t like my response, but I didn’t give a fuck. “Why aren’t you down grinding on the poles?” I snapped. That’s what she got paid for.

“I’m off tonight,” she said with a pout. “I knew you’d be returning and I wanted to make sure I was available for you.” She reached back and undid the tie to her bikini top, letting it drop to the floor. 

I didn’t know why she did it, her large, fake tits didn’t turn me on, and they never had. But it didn’t stop me from thinking about another pair of perfect tits sleeping in my bed. My eyes dropped briefly to the tiny triangle covering her shaved mound. It was so tight that half of it was up in her slit.

“See anything you want?” Excitement simmered in her brown eyes. 

Sid was used to coming to my room when I returned from a long run. It had become a habit, especially once she knew that I’d stopped fucking the other sweetbutts. She obviously misinterpreted my look. “Fuck no,” I snarled, preventing her from removing the bottom piece when she reached for it.
Her expression darkened, her hands faltering at the ties at her sides. “Why not? You fucked her!” She accused, slapping her hands on her bony hips. 

Well, that answered the question as to how long she’d been in the hallway, but what pissed me off was her fucking attitude. I struck before she had a chance to realize her mistake, gripping the front of her neck and pushing her back against the wall. Her eyes rounded with fear, but didn’t prevent me from tightening my hold.

I lowered my face down to hers and grated, “You forget yourself, bitch. You don’t ever fucking talk to me like that. You don’t own me. You aren’t anything to me. Just because I let you suck my dick doesn’t mean I want you.” She coughed a little, her face turning red. “Understand?”

The only thing she could do was nod. I released her and she nearly slumped to the floor. “Now go find someone else to bother.”

With a huff she scooped up her top and rushed down the hallway. I shook my head and headed down to the bar and strip club. I liked to stick my head in when I was around, to make sure things were running smoothly. Every night of the week was a fucking madhouse down there. 

We’d lucked out purchasing the old abandoned farm house after it’d been on the market for years. Absolutely no one had shown any interest and we’d picked it up at a steal, mostly because it was located so far outside of any local towns it was the perfect location for an MC that wanted seclusion from nosey citizens. The whole house had been gutted and reconfigured to make a bar, restaurant, kitchen, and clubhouse. The kitchen separated the restaurant and the bar so that we had two independent businesses. Upstairs rooms were used by the brothers. 

The five club sweetbutts, including Sid, didn’t live on the property. They had their own places, but they did have access to some of the rooms upstairs for private entertaining. The club paid them for waitressing and dancing but if they wanted to earn a little extra on their backs who was I to stop them? As long as we weren’t tagged by the authorities for running prostitution it wasn’t any of my business what went on behind closed doors.

The girls knew that, and they knew what would happen if they fucked up. We might have been an outlaw club and done the occasional illegal shit, but there on home ground we tried to keep things on the up and up. That also included the tattoo and gun shop the club owned in town. We paid taxes on those businesses. That allowed us to divvy up and keep the money we earned under the table for extracurricular activities. Most of us used the extra income smartly.

I smirked, reaching for the door that led to the back of the bar. We were fucking upstanding citizens. 

As I entered the main room I scanned the crowd. So far it looked tame. Marnie, Lynn and Janet were each at their perspective stripper poles. Snake and Joanne were behind the bar. As the door closed behind me I caught Joanne’s eye and motioned her over.

“Welcome back, boss,” she smiled, popping a mouthful of gum.
“We have a guest upstairs,” I began, looking down at the smallest sweetbutt in the club and assessing her size. Like most of the girls Joanne was thin with a huge rack, and about the same height as Audra. “Round up some clothes for her to wear and take them up to my room.”

She gave a nod and took off without question. I made my way over to Snake, who had just finished pouring a beer. He set it down in front of the patron and turned my way. 

“Hey, Prez.”

“Been quiet around here?” I asked, scanning the crowd.

He shrugged. “For the most part. Had a few nomads in here the other night but they were cool. A fight broke out Saturday night over a chick, but we put a stop to that shit fast.”

“Regulars?”

He nodded. “I reminded them of the rules.”

First offences were free, second offenses got a man banned from the establishment for six months, and a third offense was forever. First time visitors to Naughty Nights didn’t get any second chances. We couldn’t afford trouble at our home base. The only time I wanted the law at our doors was if they were here to drink and enjoy the girls dancing.  Hell, a couple of them had even taken a girl upstairs for a little private time.

“Heard you wiped the floor with Covacks’ boys.”

“Yeah,” I admitted, recalling how brutal the fights had been. Covacks’s fighters were lethal fucks, trained for death matches explicitly. That’s what made the pot so fucking high. If you went into the ring with a Covacks’ fighter and won, you took home big money. Death matches didn’t necessarily mean that you killed your opponent, but you came damned close to it. 

I thought about the gruesome scene we’d come upon on our way home. Christ, if it turned out to be Covacks’ son there was going to be hell to pay. People would die. You didn’t take something from Covacks without starting a war. I’d made the call to him during church, telling him of our suspicions, and he’d taken the news with the deadly calm and cool indifference he was known for. There was nothing to do now but wait.

“So, what’s with the new chick? I heard she’s a looker.”

“She’s not here for the club.” The thought of her tight little pussy made me wish that she was. “Gonna be turned loose as soon as I know the club is safe from her old man.”

Snake’s brows rose. “She on the run?”

I nodded. “The man she’s running from wants her ass back, too. We’ve already had a run-in with a couple of his people.  Fox is looking into it now.” 
“Oh, by the way, the naughty room is booked this weekend.”

The naughty room was easy money for the club, and the clients usually paid in cash because they didn’t want a record of the transaction. “What night?”

“All three, and by the same dude. His only request is he wants two girls every night and they’re to spend the whole night with him.”

I smirked. Not such an unusual request. Booking the special room was, though. The room and the services that were included cost a grand a night. The girls had to comply with everything the patron asked for, as long as it didn’t include physical contact or sex, unless the girls were okay with it. Most of the time they were, because it usually meant a huge tip for them at the end. 

“Who booked it?”

Snake pulled out a ledger and flipped the pages before coming to one and stopping. He glanced up at me. “Percy Dubois, paid up front, too.”

The name didn’t mean anything to me. My cell vibrated in my back pocket and I reached for it, watching the group of people who were just walking into the place. They were dressed up and looked as if they were coming in from a celebration somewhere else. Glancing down, I noticed that the call was from Fox. I turned my back on them. “Yeah?”

“Got some news on Winthrop.”

“I’ll be right there.”  The computer room was back in the club area next to our meeting room. I cut through the kitchen, came out where the brothers hung out, passed the restrooms and continued down a smelly hallway. I knocked only to let Fox know that I was there. “What have you got?” I asked, pushing his door closed behind me.

He nodded for me to come over to where he was sitting in front of his computer. “Take a look.”

I leaned over his shoulder and looked down at the screen. He’d pulled up an article, but my eyes were drawn to the pictures embedded in it. No fucking way. “Am I seeing what I think I’m seeing?” 

There was no hesitation in Fox’s response. “Yep. The article suggests these two are business partners.”

“This shit just keeps getting better and better,” I mumbled beneath my breath. I skimmed over the article. “What else have you got?”

Fox released a deep sigh. “Except for this little surprise, it appears that Dane Winthrop is an upstanding guy.  No arrests, no complaints, nothing to indicate that he’s on anyone’s radar. Owns a few casinos in Vegas, brings in a lot of revenue.” Fox glanced up at me. “Nothing to indicate he’s dirty.”
I thought for a minute, grinding my teeth at the possibility that Audra had played me for a fool. But then, the men Winthrop had sent after her hadn’t been playing around. “Anything on his girlfriend?” 

Fox turned back to the computer. “Not much. Dude’s pretty private about his personal life, but there are pictures.” He was scrolling as he spoke. “Real looker.” 

I leaned in to get a better look. There was a grouping of photos of Winthrop and Audra, both dressed to the nines and attending some charity function. Audra looked like a fucking princess in her sparkling evening gown, dripping in jewels, all that red hair piled up in a cluster of sexy curls on top of her head. I had to admit that they made a striking couple, and in the photos at least, they looked happy together. Winthrop’s arm was curled around her small waist, keeping her close to his side. For some reason the sight of his hand touching her made me want to break it.

I shook the thought away and squinted down at the name beneath the photo. Audra Waters. “Do some digging into the girlfriend and find the dirt on Winthrop. It’s there.” My gut told me the fucker was buried up to his neck in shit, he just hadn’t been caught yet. 

“Sure thing, Prez.”

I left Fox with one thought on my mind.

To get some answers from Audra.




Chapter 12

Audra

I stared at myself in the mirror, taking in the borrowed clothes Joanne had brought me. Not bad. I was petite, mostly meaning that I was short, but there was nothing petite about my full curves. Joanne was close to my size, perhaps a little bustier. She apologized for the lack of underwear, explaining that she didn’t wear any. The cut-off jean shorts were not only too short, but there was a frayed spot that revealed a little too much cheek. There was nothing I could do about that. At least the tank she’d brought me covered everything.

I braided my thick hair and slipped into my boots. Not the perfect ensemble, but again, I didn’t have a choice. I’d made up my mind that I wasn’t going to let Hawk continue to order me around. I’d earned my independence and meant to keep it. Really, the man was just too much. He might be sexy as fuck, had given me some intense orgasms, but he wasn’t in control of me. As soon as I found a damn phone I was going to call Carol and end this craziness.

Instincts guided me back down to the first floor and from there I let my hearing take over. Noise meant people, and people meant phones. I opened several doors before finding my way to the room where we’d first entered. First glance revealed that there were more bikers now, all of them wearing the Phantom Riders cut, all of them pausing from what they were doing the second I entered the room. I halted in the doorway, wondering if my presence would be welcomed. At first I thought I was the only woman there, until I saw the woman who’d walked in on me and Hawk earlier. It was obvious she was still pissed over the incident.

“Well, hello, darlin’!” someone said enthusiastically. I followed the voice to a hairy, grizzled man sitting at a small bar. “You look lost.”

He looked a little too happy. I smiled because he was smiling. “I’m looking for a phone,” I said without hesitation. Surely someone had one I could borrow.

“What you need a phone for?” another man questioned in a serious, suspicious tone. 

The speaker looked mean and unfriendly, and pinned his sharp blue eyes on me. I probably shouldn’t have, but I gave him a look that suggested I thought he was missing a few marbles. “To make a call?” There were a few laughs, but he clearly wasn’t amused. 

“Who the fuck are you?” he snarled, leaving the stool he’d been sitting on.

I caught my breath at the fear he evoked, realizing I’d made a mistake in the way I’d handled the situation.

“Relax, Rock. Hawk dragged her sweet ass here.”

“And I’m not a prisoner,” I added with false sweetness. I gave Clay an appreciative smile, realizing Rock didn’t have a sense of humor. “All I want to do is call a friend and get out of here.”

Simple.

“Awe fuck, you’re not a new sweetbutt?” the hairy, grizzled biker said with disappointment. “You’re sure dressed like a sweetbutt.”

Maybe that’s because I was wearing the clothes of one, but I didn’t say anything. I wasn’t even sure what a sweetbutt was. I glanced at the other woman in the room, her attire inadequately covering her lady bits and making me feel overdressed. The scowls she was shooting my way were less than friendly. If she hadn’t been sitting on a biker’s lap I would have thought that she was jealous.

Clay was the only biker I knew in the room so I addressed myself to him, deciding to change the subject since the whole phone thing wasn’t working out. “Any place I can get a bite to eat around here?”

“Sure, come with me, sweetheart.”

Ignoring the eyes that I sensed were following me, I followed him through two other doors that brought us into what I considered to be a nightclub of sorts. The atmosphere was dim, the music loud, and the dance floor was crowded. Before a small, attentive audience, three naked girls were twirling around poles on separate platforms, the floor around their feet littered with money. Booths lined the walls while small, circular tables filled the center of the room. 

Clay led me to a stool on the other side of the bar. “Order what you want.” He made eye contact with Joanne. “Treat her right, baby, she belongs to Hawk.”

My smile disappeared at his comment but I decided to remain silent, at least until I determined whether or not belonging to Hawk would benefit me or not. 

“Sure thing, honey,” she responded with a wink.

“I got shit to see to,” Clay murmured into my ear. “You good here on your own?”

I nodded, smiling at Joanne, who’d walked up to stand on the other side of the bar from me. Clay left the same way we’d come in, seemingly satisfied with my non-verbal response. “Can I get a turkey sandwich?” I asked her.

Joanne nodded. “Lettuce and tomato?”

“Please, and a sweet iced-tea.”
She walked off and I relaxed a little. It occurred to me that this might finally be my chance to get to a phone without interference. I glanced up into the mirror opposite me, watching the activity going on behind me. It was busy, but there were some empty tables and booths. It’d been a long time since I’d been in a bar like this, where there weren’t bouncers around to keep order and drinks were cut off when the bartender felt that you’d had enough. 

This place was casual, definitely down-scaled for a rowdier crowd. The fact that some couples were getting down and dirty right there on the dance floor told me this was where they came to have fun, and let their hair down, a place to pick up a one-night stand, or two. I had a feeling that sex in public wasn’t an uncommon accordance here.

“Here ya go, honey.” 

“Thank you.” The sight of the sandwich made my stomach rumble. Joanne had been generous in piling on the turkey and I ate the first half with relish. I was just washing it down with the ice tea she brought me when a man came up next to me.

“Three beers, two white wines, and a whiskey,” he said to Joanne. Then he turned to me and smiled. “Hi.”

He looked harmless enough. “Hi.”

“You all alone here?” His smiling gaze moved over me quickly before settling on my eyes again.

There was nothing lewd about his inspection, so I didn’t take offense. “For the time being.”

“Why don’t you join our table?” he asked, nodding toward an area where three tables had been moved together to accommodate the large group he was in. “You’ll have a lot more fun,” he promised. The occupants were all around the same age, and dressed to party.

“Thank you, but—” Just as I was about to turn him down I thought about my dilemma. A glance at Joanne showed she was busy filling his order. “You wouldn’t happen to have a phone I could borrow, would you?”

“Sure.” He immediately dug it out of his back pocket, and then handed it to me. Just as I reached for it he yanked it out of my reach with a playful smile. “You’ll join me and my friends?”

I glanced back at his friends. They looked harmless enough, college-aged kids just out for a good time. Why not? After the few days I’d had I could use a little interaction with normal people. I smiled. “Sure, for a little while.”

I dialed Carol’s number, praying that she would answer. I didn’t want to leave her a voice mail because I didn’t have a phone she could call me back on. I tugged on my bottom lip at the fourth ring. Pick up! Pick up! I chanted to myself. Finally her voice came over the line.

“Hello?”
“Carol, it’s me!” I said in a rushed tone, turning my back away from the bar.

“Audra, oh, my God, I’ve been worried to death about you! You started to tell me something about Dane the other day. And who can’t know? Know what? What’s going on, honey?”

I couldn’t blame her for all the questions, considering that I’d cut our conversation off so abruptly the other day. “I’m so sorry. It’s better if you don’t know what’s going on.” I had so much to tell her but didn’t know where to begin. It was too much to say over the phone. How did I tell her that the man I thought loved me was a monster, a killer, and that he’d beat me? “Carol, please don’t ask me why, but I’m in trouble.” I blurted it out, hating the tears that filled my eyes. “You’re the only one I can trust.”

“What do you need?”

God bless her. She hadn’t even hesitated. “I’ve run away from Dane and I’m kind of in hiding. I can’t go into the details right now, but, he’s not the man I thought he was. I don’t think he remembers you, but if he contacts you please don’t tell him that you’ve heard from me. He’s dangerous, Carol.” She at least needed to know what. “He’s sent some people after me, people who—”I hesitated, unable to put into words that he’d sent people to find me and bring me back to him. That he might possibly want me dead.

“God, Audra, you’re scaring me.” I could hear the panic in her voice. “Where are you? I’ll come and get you.”

“No!” I couldn’t let that happen. “I’ll come to you and tell you everything when I get there—” I cut myself off abruptly, suddenly realizing that I couldn’t go to Carol. If Dane’s men tracked me down there they wouldn’t leave any witnesses. 

Oh, God, why hadn’t I thought of this before? I was such a fool! I couldn’t live with myself if I caused anything to happen to the only friend I had. I was so eager to have that one connection, that one friend that I could count on, that I hadn’t thought things through. I suddenly felt sick. As the enormity of my plight crashed down around me I wanted to scream. I really did have no one. Thanks to my stupidity and Dane’s overbearing control I had no one I could turn to. Fuck. I was alone. Why hadn’t I seen how controlling he’d been? Was I so blinded by the lavish lifestyle he’d given me that I’d ignored what was right there in my face?

Apparently I had.

“Audra? Audra? Are you still there?”

Carol’s frantic tone finally got through to me. The breath I took turned into a sob. “Carol, I—” I turned back to the man whose phone I was using. My gaze moved past him to where Hawk had just come storming into the room. Our gazes met, and the look of his locked jaw and flaring nostrils told me that he was really pissed off about something, and because he was coming straight toward me it was a good guess that I was the object of his wrath. 

“I’ll call you back,” I whispered into the phone, hanging up before Carol could say anything else. I held the phone out to the smiling man, who’d yet to notice Hawk. “Thank you.”

“I ordered you a white wine,” he said, taking up the tray Joanne had placed on the bar.

“She won’t be joining you.” Hawk swooped in like his namesake, wrapping a powerful hand around my upper arm and pulling me with him back toward the door he’d entered through. 

“But—” the man started to say.

I glanced back at him mouthing silently, “I’m sorry.”

The second Hawk and I were on the other side of the door and out of sight he pushed me against the wall and released me. “Who were you talking to?” he snarled down into my face.

“The same friend that I was talking to back at the rest stop bathroom, Carol” I said, rubbing my arm where he’d grabbed me. “I was going to ask her to send me some money—”

With a sound of impatience Hawk grabbed me again and dragged me down the hallway. I barely had time to notice the MC logo etched on the door before he pushed it open and pulled me into the room, slamming the door behind us and blocking it with his huge bulk. He crossed his arms. “What do you know about Covacks?” His tone resembled a bear’s growl.

Covacks?  I shook my head slowly, trying to recall where I’d heard that name before, and then it hit me. “The first time I heard that name was on the road on the way here.” I couldn’t bring myself to talk about the horrific circumstances surrounding it.

His eyes glared his mistrust at me. “I don’t believe you.”

I shrugged. “That’s your problem, Hawk. You don’t trust women.”

“I just saw a picture of your boyfriend with Covacks.”

“So?” I really had no idea what he was getting at.

“They’re business partners. Are you going to tell me that you don’t know who his business partners are?”

“Dane liked to keep his business out of our personal life,” I explained, holding my ground when Hawk stepped away from the door. I didn’t know what his intentions were, but I didn’t think he would hurt me. “We attended a lot of social events, and if his business associates were there, he didn’t introduce them to me.” I thought about the country estate we’d visited recently. Even then Dane had kept me in the dark.

“So he just kept you around for fucking?” He stopped so close to me that I had to tilt my head to meet his eyes. 
His words were meant to hurt, and maybe they would have once, back in a time when I’d thought I meant more to Dane. His secrets and lies, the fact that he beat me after witnessing a murder, had diminished my importance in his life, and now I had to wonder. Had I just been a fuck toy for him, someone to dress up his arm when he was portraying the wealthy, successful casino owner to the public?  He’d never confessed his love for me, yet he’d seemed to care for me.

I wanted to slap Hawk for putting that thought in my head. I ignored the heat coming off his body, denying my insane attraction to his bad boy appeal. If he thought his intimidation was going to crush me he was in for a surprise. The last few days had proven to me that I was made of stronger stuff. I remained silent beneath his quiet scrutiny.

He took in a deep breath and released it slowly. “One, you’re right, I don’t trust any woman. So you’re going to remain my guest until I sort this shit out to my satisfaction. Two, no more calls, to anyone, unless I’m with you.” I opened my mouth to protest, but he kept going. “Three, if I find out that you’re a plant—,” A plant! “For Winthrop or Covacks, I’ll kill you myself.”

I swallowed hard, believing him, while trying not to imagine how he would do it. Those big hands of his could snap my neck easily. “Why would I be a plant?”

“Information,” he said simply, and then added, “to be used as leverage against us. A lot of people would like to have control over Phantom Riders, to do their dirty work. Some want to see us gone, as in dead or in prison.”

“Well, I’m not a plant,” I insisted. “I told you why I was running and it’s the truth. I have nothing to hide.” Except that I did. I hadn’t told him why Dane had beaten me. It suddenly occurred to me that Hawk’s keeping me there, even if it was against my will, was the answer to my prayers. I would be safe there without putting Carol at risk. 

“We have dealings with Covacks, and you conveniently show up on my bike outside of Last Hope.”

“A coincidence.”

“You have a GPS tracking device on you.”

I was beginning to understand why he was so suspicious. “I didn’t know about it.”

His dark gaze dropped down my body in a lazy sweep. “You fucked me.”

The age old ploy used by women to obtain information from men. Well, I wouldn’t let Hawk use it against me when it wasn’t true. “You fucked me.”

His jaw hardened, if that were possible, and his lips pulled back in a sneer. “Had any dental work done recently, any minor surgeries?” 

What?  “Are you talking about tracking chips?” It sounded like something out of a syfy movie, yet I knew that could be a possibility. I tried to pull away but the bite of his fingers kept me right where he wanted me. “No! Nothing! I don’t want to be found, Hawk!” I reminded him with a hiss. 

“A good cover story, but there’s something you’re not telling me.”

I stopped my struggling and glared up at him. “Who was she, Hawk? Who was the woman who made you so distrusting? The one who turned you into a cold, selfish bastard? She must have been someone important if whatever she did affected you this strongly.”

“Don’t make this about me, lady,” he sneered, lightning flashing in his eyes. He looked like he was about to explode. 

I was too stupid not to pay attention to the warning signs that I might be pushing him too far. “What did she do to make you—?”

“Quiet!” he snarled, shaking me like a rag doll. “I want to know what you’re hiding!”

I finally jerked free and stepped back, slamming my hands on my hips, tired of his caveman tactics. We were both wound up and breathing heavily.  “You know you don’t own me, Hawk. You’ve got to stop ordering me around and man handling me—”

“Your pussy filled with my cum says that I own you.”

He would remind me that he hadn’t used a condom the second time. My eyes grew bigger with every word out of his mouth, my jaw dropped. I’d never had a man talk so filthy to me before, and while it shocked the shit out of me, I couldn’t deny that his words also turned me on. My body responded as if it had a mind of its own, flushing with arousal. Wet warmth seeped from between my legs, and I knew that it was my arousal mixed with his semen. I should have showered and washed the evidence and memory away.

“I bet it’s leaking out of you right now.”

I ignored everything this man did to me. I had to. It was the only way I’d survive. He was too primal, too raw, too appealing and dangerous to my libido. “You’re a pig!”  I was angry at myself. My wanting Hawk the way that I did, so soon after leaving Dane, confused and frightened me. The sex between Dane had never made me want to lose control like this, had never left me feeling the consuming hunger that was even now claiming my senses.

“Is it?” He took a step forward as if to intimidate me, his expression never changing. “Answer my fucking question.”

“You can go to hell!” I swore, losing control because at that very second it seemed as if everything I’d been through since watching Dane commit murder was choking me and slowly squeezing the life out of me. The desperation I felt, the helplessness, it was just too much. I had nothing, not even the clothes on my back, and the man who had all the control was using my weakness for him against me. 

“Maybe I’ll just find out for myself.” He reached for me.

“No!”  I ducked, but he managed to grasp my arm. Without thinking I swung, slapping him across the face as hard as I could. The sound echoed through the room like a gun blast. As I struggled to get free, he easily dragged my arms behind my back and secured my wrists in one of his big hands. 

“What are you afraid of?” he grated down at me between his teeth.

“Not you!” I fired back, aware that we were flush against one another. I could barely breathe against Hawk’s unyielding form, the man felt like a pillar of concrete. There was nothing I could do to hurt him, but my frustration level was at its highest and everything in me wanted to fight him. Our close proximity was making me feel things I should be too angry to notice.

“Prez—” We both stopped and swung our gazes to the door. The man I knew as Rock had opened the door and was standing in the threshold. “Sorry for interrupting,” he smirked. “Dirk just rolled in and he’s fucking pissed.”

“Alone?” Hawk snapped. 

“Yep.”

“Fuck.” He looked down at me. “Take Audra to my room—”

“Wait,” I cut him off in a desperate tone. There was no way he was going to keep me prisoner somewhere. “You can’t lock me up in some room. It’s against the law.” A laugh burst from Rock at that. “I’ll, I’ll be good!” I cringed at the sound of those pitiful words leaving my lips. I was an adult, for Christ sakes! But something in me knew that I was in a situation beyond my control at the moment.

One menacing brow rose at my comment as Hawk’s eyes blazed down at me. He kept me trapped against his unyielding body, and while I was aware of every hard inch of him, including the throbbing bar between his legs, it occurred to me that if I was going to get any control that I was going to have to say and do things that I might not be otherwise be accepting of. I reminded myself that staying here under his protection was an unexpected benefit.

A gift.

A muscle twitched in his jaw as he weighed my words, and then he released a deep breath. “Rock—”

“I’m not a fuckin’ babysitter,” he growled, obviously anticipating what Hawk was about to say.
“He killed someone!” I blurted out, gaining both their attention. Hawk’s sharp gaze swung back to me, demanding that I explain my sudden outburst. “Dane. I saw him kill someone. That’s why he’s after me.”

“Fucking hell, woman.” He stared at me long and hard, digesting that news before turning back to Rock and warning, “Keep her with you while I deal with Dirk.”

Rock looked like pure evil on a stick, but I sensed that he wouldn’t hurt me. Hawk handed me off to him and then we were walking to where their club room was in the back. The same activities seemed to be going on as before, with the same people. Only this time there were a few more women present. 

Hawk continued to where a tall, young biker was standing at the bar, drinking and chatting up one of the women. I noticed right away that he wasn’t wearing a Phantom Riders cut, his said “Blue Knights.” Rock directed me to the corner pool table with a firm hand at the small of my back, but I kept my gaze on Hawk. I noticed when he and the Blue Knights biker finally acknowledged each other that there wasn’t any man hug or fist bumps, which told me a lot.

“I don’t play pool.” I wasn’t sure why I said it, except that Rock had taken a pool cue from a rack on the wall. There were four other men already playing, and I had to suffer their leering appraisals.

“Didn’t ask you,” he responded gruffly.

“You’re such a nice man,” I said sweetly, receiving a round of chuckles from the others. Rock just glared at me and proceeded to line up for a shot. 

I shrugged and sat down on one of the vacant stools, and it was then that I noticed that Hawk and the other man had disappeared. 




Chapter 13

Hawk

“What the fuck is going on, Hawk?”

I smirked at Dirk’s attempt to come across as a hard-core biker, which took years to accomplish and could not be faked by dressing in leather and riding a bike. It didn’t help that he wasn’t born to the life. His clean, yuppie looks made it hard to take him seriously. He looked more like a poster boy for a jeans commercial, or some shit like men’s cologne. There wasn’t a muscle on him.

I already knew why he was there. His loud comment drew several pairs of eyes, and I decided to take him outside for our conversation. I trusted my brothers, but the women present were another issue. I motioned for him to follow me and we left the building, ending up where his bike was parked. 

“I want to know why Phantom Riders is spreading rumors that we offed Covacks’ son.” He leaned his lanky frame against his bike and crossed his arms, his expression set in a dark scowl.

He had balls, I’d give him that, but the way he handled shit, like this, was irresponsible and dangerous as fuck. You never showed up at a rival club without your brothers at your back, especially if you were set on making accusations. He was lucky I knew enough about his club, and how inept they were, not to have shot him first and then asked questions.

“If you thought we were spreading shit about your club you would have come with back up,” I said, giving him a free lesson on the proper etiquette of doing biker shit. 

“I figured I’d show you respect by confronting you first,” he fired right back. I had to give him that one. “It’s going around that you saw two Blue Knights leaving the scene of a fire that involved Dominick Covacks.”

If it was going around it wasn’t coming from my club. I shrugged, crossing my own arms. “The fuckers were wearing your colors, and whether it’s Dominick or not hasn’t been confirmed.” I’d already been in touch with Covacks, and was waiting to hear back.

“So in the mean time you incriminate us?” Dirk sneered. 

I looked the fucker straight in the eye. “Blue Knights was never mentioned, if there’s a rumor going around, someone else started it.” I gave pause so he could digest what I was saying. “Maybe you’re being set up.”

“None of my brothers are involved in that shit.”

“Then you have nothing to worry about.” I knew Covacks. He wasn’t a fly off the handle kind of man. He was patient, weighing his actions carefully to get the results he wanted, and he rarely made mistakes. He’d make sure he had the people that were responsible, and then he’d make sure that they suffered in the worst possible way before burying them. If it turned out the Blue Knights were involved in his son’s death, Covacks wouldn’t rest until they were all six feet under.

“Maybe Phantom Riders killed him and are setting us up,” he tossed out in a desperate tone. “Seems funny it was your man who discovered the body and saw some of my guys riding away.”

The man was a fucking idiot. “I’d watch myself if I was you.” I took a threatening step closer to him, satisfied when he backed down, seeming to shrink against his bike. I could see it in his eyes that he knew he’d made a fucking mistake. “You don’t come into my club, accuse us of shit, and expect to leave here in one piece.” His eyes flared slightly, but it was the only outward sign that my comment had made him nervous. “Get the fuck out of here.”

I took a few backward steps, giving him enough room to turn his bike around and leave. His club was in some serious trouble. Either he had a couple of bad apples, off doing their own thing or he was being set up to take the fall for Dominick Covacks’ murder. My gut told me that Dirk hadn’t been lying when he’d said his brothers weren’t involved. I was also fucking certain that the charred body we’d come upon was Covacks’ son. There was going to be a lot more killing before this shit was done. 

I walked back inside the club, adjusting my eyes to take everything in at once. Rock shot a brief glance at me, but continued with his shot. Audra was sitting against the wall, arms crossed and glaring at me. I almost smiled. The woman was a real firecracker. I didn’t trust her, but I sure as fuck liked her big tits and tight cunt. I’d have to be careful, because things could get messy if she discovered how much. Hell, I was pretty sure that if Rock hadn’t come in when he had I would have fucked her right up against the wall. 

A commotion pulled my gaze to the card game that was going on. All I wanted right then was a drink, so I pivoted to the bar and took up a stool. Sid was behind, serving up the brothers, almost naked as usual. Kind of sad that even on her night off she hung out there, but she’d always been insecure with her place within the club and thought that being available all the times would work out in her favor. Like most sweetbutts, she had her heart set on becoming an old lady, but free tits and pussy didn’t make the girls attractive as permanent partners. 

“Give me a shot,” I said, turning sideways so that I could keep Audra in my sights. 

“Sure, honey,” she gushed. She set the glass down and made her way around the counter to my side. “Can I do anything else for you?”  Her hand fell on my thigh, giving it a squeeze.

“No.” Most sweetbutts knew enough to leave me alone after that. They were afraid of me, and they knew my likes in the bedroom didn’t include making them happy. I picked up my glass and tossed the liquid back in one swallow. 

As I sat there staring at Audra and wondering why she was getting to me, I began to think about Sonya. There was nothing in Audra to remind me of the woman who’d ripped my heart out. Sonya had won me over with her sophisticated beauty and worldly ways. Ten years older than I, she’d entered my life like a whirlwind, knowing what she wanted and demanding it, and she’d wanted me. I’d fallen fast and hard for her, too young and inexperienced to see the warning signs, too stubborn to listen to anything negative about her. We’d loved each other, and that’s all that had mattered. 

Yeah, like she’d known what love was. She’d seen an opportunity to wiggle her way into my club while all along she’d been working for the enemy. I thought about the damage she’d wrought, almost crushing the glass in my hand. Thinking about her only made me want to fucking destroy something. I slammed the glass onto the counter, noticing Audra jump. Her eyes were on me, and it was then that I realized I’d been staring at her the whole time.

“Baby, you’re so tense,” Sid cooed, moving her hand further up my thigh. My cock twitched, but it wasn’t for her. The woman I wanted was across the room, looking so poised and untouchable in a room full of fucking bikers, killers, all of us. I could see it in her green eyes that she was trying to figure me out and thought she was halfway there. 

I had half a mind to order Sid down on her knees and let her blow me just to see Audra’s reaction. To prove to myself, and to her, that any woman would do to ease my needs, and that she wasn’t special. But when Sid’s hand began to squeeze my dick all it did was make me angry because it wasn’t Audra’s hand. 

“Get me another drink.” Sid jumped, always eager to please. 

The pool game ended, Rock hung up his cue and pivoted in my direction. Audra slid off the stool to follow, but Painter said something that caused her to stop and look up at him. Whatever he’d said made her smile, and then she was grabbing a cue. 

“Beer, Sid.” Rock leaned against the bar next to me. 

The door opened and a couple of girls walked in, barely legal and dressed like cheap hookers. I clenched my teeth. I didn’t like this shit. Socializing was to be done in the public bar out front, and the only women we welcomed back here were sweetbutts and old ladies, unless it was a special event. This was the clubhouse where we said and did shit that didn’t need to be observed by civilians. I shot a look at Rock, reading his expression of disgust. He wasn’t happy either, and took off to meet them before they got too far. 

“You bitches came in the wrong door.” I smirked at Rock’s less than polite greeting. He swung them around and directed them back toward the door. “Door to the bar is around front.” Both girls shot him pouty looks that I knew would have no sway with my VP.
A husky laugh drew my attention to Audra. She was bent over the pool table getting ready for a shot. Clay and Ned looked on while Painter positioned himself behind her as if to get her in the right position. His body was bent over hers, lining his dick right up to her ass. Heat exploded in my blood when I realized that Painter was taking full advantage of her position. Then, without warning, Audra pulled her cue back to take her shot, hitting him hard right where it counts.

She feigned innocence, but I could tell that it was all an act. Painter was doubled over in pain, while laughter broke out among the brothers who’d witnessed it. After making sure that he was okay, Audra stood, smiled down at him, and went back to take her shot. Her message was clear. 

“She’s trouble.”

I agreed with Rock. “Her boyfriend is bigger trouble. She saw him kill someone, and he wants to keep her quiet.”

“Same story, different characters,” he murmured. 

I nodded. “Need to keep her around until we sort out what’s what.”

“Is that the only fucking reason?” 

I shrugged. 

“You tapped that sweet ass yet?”

“Does it matter?”

His snort told me that it did. Rock was one of the few brothers who had the balls to look me in the eyes and tell me how it was. He’d been there during the whole fucking mess with Sonya and probably thought this was going to be a repeat, but there was no fucking way that was going to happen. I was a man without a fucking heart, and no bitch would ever come between me and my club again. 

“Don’t fuckin’ worry about it, bro.”

“I wouldn’t if she was club pussy.”  He chugged his beer down and then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. His gaze scanned the room before landing on one of the club girls who was giving a prospect a lap job. “Marnie!” he hollered, drawing the girl’s attention. A sharp nod from him had Marnie slipping off the prospect’s lap and walking toward us. 

The prospect knew better than to complain. A patched member had priority. Rock gave me a knowing sneer, wrapped his arm around Marnie’s shoulders and steered her away. In all the years I’d known him he’d never fucked any woman who wasn’t a sweetbutt. Even when we were on the road, visiting another MC, he preferred the club whores. Hell, maybe he was on to something, because the brother always seemed content. 
Getting involved with civilians was complicated and often messy. Most of them didn’t know the first fucking thing about a motorcycle club. We were fucking warriors living life the way we wanted. We took, but we also gave, and gave big. As Rock disappeared down the hallway my gaze swung back to Audra. 

What the fuck? 

She and Painter were locking lips, and I saw red. It didn’t fucking matter that she brushed his roaming hand away when he’d tried to touch her hip. It didn’t matter that I had no claim over her, even though I had claimed her. An animal was let loose inside me, and I wanted to rip them apart and fucking hurt someone. My expression must have conveyed my feelings because as I stormed across the room toward them, my brothers practically tripped over themselves to get out of my way.

My hand wrapped around Audra’s upper arm and I yanked her away from Painter. “What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” I snarled. My gaze shifted to Painter before settling back to the surprise in her eyes. It occurred to me that I should have knocked the fucking amusement right off Painter’s face, but my anger was directed at her. “Trying to stir up trouble?” 

“No,” Audra said, a slight smile spreading across a mouth that was still wet with Painter’s fucking kiss. “Why would I want to stir up trouble? I was paying off a bet.” She made a half-hearted attempt to pull away.

My gaze shot back to Painter for an explanation. He shrugged with a smug look on his face. “She wouldn’t bet me a game with the usual pussy as payment, so we compromised with a kiss. She lost.”

By the time I swung back to Audra, humor was dancing in her eyes. It was clear that she wasn’t afraid and that she wasn’t backing down from my mood. “You remember what a kiss is, don’t you Hawk? It’s when two people put their mouths together. Sometimes tongue is involved.”

Everything came to a sudden halt, and dead silence filled the room. Audra’s gaze moved around the bar, taking notice of the change. If it dawned on her that she’d said the wrong fucking thing, she didn’t look worried. 

Her words set me on fire. The fucking image they created turned me on, but I wasn’t going to give her that power. I didn’t kiss for a reason. Just like I didn’t do foreplay, or let my emotions get tied up in the physical demands of fucking. Women were trouble, and didn’t have a long term place in my life. A war was going on inside me. The urge to take Audra to my room and fuck the hell out of her almost won over showing her that she wouldn’t break me.

I was not going to let her effect me.

Fuck. No.

“I’m not the enemy,” she said softly. 
“Don’t try to figure me out,” I ground out. “You’re only here until I turn your ass loose.”

Something crossed her face at my remark, so fleeting that I might have imagined it if it hadn’t settled in her expressive eyes. She was fucking afraid now, probably thinking about her circumstances. She fucking should be, considering her connection to Covacks through her murderous ex. She wasn’t going anywhere. 

Whatever else she or I might have said was interrupted by the sound of gunfire. The room erupted into chaos. Brothers, drawing their weapons, scrambled toward the door that led to the bar out front while sweetbutts scrambled in the direction of the safe room. 

“Go with them!” I pushed Audra in that direction, not waiting to see if she obeyed. The club was under attack, and I needed to get out front to see what the fuck was happening.

I assessed the situation the second I pushed through the door. Customers were hiding in booths and behind furniture while some were on the floor trying to make themselves as small as possible. The only ones on foot were my brothers as they scanned the bar while making their way to the front windows, one of which had been shot the fuck out. Snake was half crouched behind the bar with a shotgun in his hands, a fierce look on his face that said he was ready to defend the club. Whimpers of fear came from some of the women.

“Kill the lights!” I hollered, knowing Snake would get on it.

More shots sounded, more windows were shattered. I felt something like a hot poker sear against my arm but ignored it, making my way toward one of the windows where Rock was crouched. “How the hell did you get here so fucking fast?” I asked him, flattening my back against a wall.

He shrugged with a grin. “Came down for a bottle.”

“See anything?” I snarled, peeking around a piece of broken window. A shot rang out, and I ducked back. A brother returned fire from the inside.

Rock shook his head. “Fuckers shot out the lights outside.” His gaze landed on something. “You’re hit, brother.”

I checked out the blood running down my arm and shrugged it off. “Minor compared to what I’m gonna do to those fuckers.” It was beginning to sound like war had broken out as both sides were shooting blindly. “Anyone see anything?” I hollered.

“Caught sight of a couple of cuts before the lights went out!” Keg yelled back, before he shot off a couple of rounds. “Blue Knights!”

Rock and I exchanged sharp looks.

“Fuck!” he sneered.
It didn’t make fucking sense, I thought. Dirk had just left. And I was pretty fucking sure he’d been alone. “They don’t have the fucking balls for this!” I snarled back. I wasn’t ready to believe the newly formed club would be that fucking stupid. I thought back to the trip here, and the fire we’d come across. Were they being set up?

Or were we?

I could hear the approaching sirens in the distance. Shit! Someone had called it in. “We need to end this before the cops get here!”

Just like that, the shooting stopped. It appeared that whoever was attacking the club didn’t want to get involved with the cops, either. A glance out the window revealed several shadows retreating into the darkness, and a few seconds later I heard the sound of bikes revving as they spun away. The lights came back on, and I turned to see Snake moving away from the switch, his rifle still in his hands. What a fucking mess, glass was everywhere, furniture was shot up, and so were a lot of bottles of booze behind the bar. The sirens were getting closer, giving the customers who’d been cowering a reason to feel safe and to begin moving around.

“Which one of you assholes called the police?” Rock barked, narrowing his gaze at the customers. Of course no one was brave enough to confess. “We handle our own shit here, so if you don’t have the balls to stand the heat and keep your fucking nose out of it then stay the fuck away.”

I knew when the fucking police arrived it was going to be chaotic. They usually stormed in with their fucking guns drawn, eager to shoot first and ask later, high on adrenaline and shouting out orders. I fucking hated when I had to deal with the law. Their initial attitudes were that we were the problem, even on our own property. It didn’t fucking matter that Phantom Riders padded the pockets of the head of police, it was all about making things look legit in the public’s eyes. 

“Except for Rock and Snake, the rest of you brothers get lost, you weren’t here.” They disappeared from the room without a word. I turned my attention to the customers, most of which were regulars and knew the rules of the bar. “Anyone hurt?” Head shakes and low murmurs of no swam throughout the room. “Good. You want to stay that way, you saw nothing and you let me do the talking.”

Within seconds police cars were squealing to a stop right outside our doors, and just as I had fucking anticipated, several uniformed officers charged through the entrance with their guns drawn, wearing superiority like fucking neon badges. Thank fuck Chief Branson was with them. He’d better be. The last fifty grand we’d given him had assured us that he’d show up at the sign of any trouble. 

“No one move!” An officer shouted. “Everyone’s hands where we can see them!”

“Is that really necessary?” Snake said from his spot behind the bar. “These are paying customers.” 

I heard Rock’s snort. The officer’s face turned red, his eyes snapping with anger. “I was talking about you freakin club members,” he clarified.

“Freakin, really?”

“Why should we?” Rock asked. “We were the ones attacked. All we did was protect our club.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” another cop chanted. “Same old story.”

“Anyone hurt?” a third officer inquired. He received the same responses I had.

“They didn’t see anything,” Snake spoke up, his gaze running over the customers. “Once the shooting began they all ducked for cover.”

“That true?” Chief Branson asked, waiting for someone, anyone, to refute it. He turned to the youngest of his men. “Tommy, take down everyone’s name and number for questioning later, then they can go.”

“Lucky the restaurant is closed and you had a small crowd tonight.”

“Yeah, lucky,” I agreed with Fuller, the asshole who’d first entered the bar. 

That hadn’t surprised me.

I’d had run ins with him before. For some reason he had it out for the club, and had since he’d first transferred from Florida, almost as if he had a personal vendetta against us or all biker clubs in general. Who knew what his problem was? I didn’t give a fuck. He was strictly by the book unless Branson was around to rein him in when it was necessary, and Branson knew we’d deal with him if he didn’t.

Chief Branson walked directly up to me, invading my space. I suspected it was done on purpose, and to make a point. The fucker had warned me that he’d have to play tough when there were witnesses around, and he enjoyed every fucking minute of it. His gaze zeroed in on my arm. “Looks like you need to see a doctor. Want us to call for an ambulance?”

He was playing with me. The fucker knew I’d never go in for something as minor as a bullet graze to my arm. “Fuck no.” 

He sighed heavily. “You want to tell me how it all went down here, or do I haul your ass to jail?” 

“Not much to tell. We were in the club out back when the shooting started. Too dark to see who it was.”

His brows rose. “Too dark to see, huh?”  He turned to another of his men. “Scout around outside and see if you can find anything.”

“Did you return fire?” Fuller asked, his smirk telling me that he already knew the answer to that.

“What do you think asshole? We were just gonna sit back and let whoever fuck with us? Let them shoot up our customers?” Rock shook his head with disgust. 

I kept eye contact with Branson. We had fucking permits for our weapons, and he knew it. And we had a right to protect ourselves. I doubted they would find any bodies outside, identifying who’d attacked us. Right now all they had was our side of the story, and no reason to believe that we weren’t being truthful. 

“You want me to check out the club?” Fuller was eager to get back there, for any reason. The prick was so sure he’d find something to arrest us for. 

“Naw,” Branson said. “Don’t see any reason to. We don’t find anything outside tonight, we’ll come back and have a look in the morning.” 

I knew that was Branson’s warning to me to make sure that we fucking got to it first. It was all he was going to give us. His craggy eyebrows met in the middle as he gave the place a thorough search from where he stood. His laziness went hand in hand with the fucking payoffs we provided him. 

“If you find out who did the shooting tonight, you be sure and let us know,” Branson finally said.

“You’ll be the first one we call,” I sneered. 

His officers followed him out the door but I could tell Fuller was less than satisfied with how shit had gone down. Fuck him. Some day I’d kill the fucker. Snake shut and locked the door behind him. “Find someone to come out and replace the windows first thing in the morning. The prospects can clean up this mess and stand guard tonight.” 

“Right on it, Prez.”

“We gonna head out after the Blue Knights?” Rock questioned.

“Not tonight, bro. We’ll hold church in the morning, early. Let the brothers know.”

He gave a chin lift. “You better get your arm looked at.”

Blood ran from my upper arm down to my wrist and was dripping onto the floor. I nodded a response. I’d forgotten all about it, too focused on what had just gone down. I nodded a response.

There’d be more bloodshed by the time this-whatever the fuck this was-was over.




Chapter 14

Audra

The safe room was nothing more than a fortified room with no windows and only one way in and one way out. I supposed it served its purpose, because once we’d been locked inside you couldn’t hear a damn thing happening on the outside. The walls looked like steel and one security monitor gave a clear shot of the door and hallway outside. Other than a few places to sit, the small space was bare. Clearly it wasn’t meant for a long-term situation.

I learned the bartender’s name was Snake. As soon as the monitor showed he was walking down the hall, one of the girl’s opened the door. 

“Fuck, Janet, you know you’re supposed to wait until I give the okay,” he grumbled, stepping back so we could exit the room.

“And you know I’m claustrophobic,” she hissed back, walking away briskly. “You’re lucky my ass was in even in here.”

A couple of the others snickered as they pushed past him. I paused and made eye contact with Snake, feeling totally out of my element. “What happened?”

“Club shit happened,” he replied without hesitation. “Nothing you need to worry about.”

I raised a brow to that. “Really? Was I dreaming of being locked up in a safe room, then?”

He grinned. By now everyone had vacated the room and he swung the door closed. “You’re a fuckin’ civilian, sweetheart, don’t need to know.”

That wasn’t the first time I’d heard myself referred to as a civilian. I was beginning to think that in my case it amounted to ignorance. “I have a right to know—”

“I’ll fucking tell you whatever I think you need to know.”

I swung around to see Hawk moving toward us. My eyes rounded with disbelief when I took in the blood running down his arm. “You’re hurt!” I said, as if he hadn’t already known it. The look on his face was intense.

Ignoring my concern, he took me by the upper arm and began to pull me behind him. I heard Snake’s snort as we disappeared around the corner. What was going on?
“I need you,” Hawk growled in a tone that I hadn’t heard yet. His movements were fast and purposeful, and I had the feeling that wherever we ended up I would know in a very physical way what his words meant.

I could feel the volatile energy running through him from his hand on my arm which was causing a current of electricity to zap through my senses, making me aware. I could smell the blood seeping from his body, see the raging conflict on his taut expression, and almost taste his ferocity. Hawk was out of control. His steps were so wide spread that I had to practically run to keep up with him. 

Strangely I wasn’t afraid of him. I was afraid of myself, afraid of my reaction to the beast-like wildness that controlled him. It was turning me on. I couldn’t help thinking about his hands and mouth moving over me, claiming me to orgasm, and then doing it all over again when his huge body laid over me to claim me with his cock. I’d never thought of myself as a woman who’d enjoy rough, raw sex. But Hawk’s brand of fucking was addictive, and had opened me up to a whole new realm of pleasure. 

I wasn’t sure where we were going at first, and then we were climbing the stairs to his room. Hawk kicked the door open. I caught my breath, but that’s all I had time for before he pushed the door shut behind us and forced me up against it. Pleasant warmth spread over me when I felt his hot breath against my neck. I arched my neck, shivering when his teeth raked along the length. At the same time his large hands moved up the front of my body, taking hold of my breasts and squeezing them.

He was brutal.

The brief pain morphed into an explosion of intense pleasure.

“Hawk—!” I couldn’t control the quiver of need when his hands pinched my nipples. Volcanic heat traveled through my body as he ground his hard cock against my ass. I knew I was wet for him. It didn’t seem to take much. And I wanted him, wanted him to devour me, because it felt so fucking good.

I thrust back against him, letting him know without words that I was in to him, into what he was doing. He growled against me, and then he was tearing at my clothes, yanking my shorts down and then covering my naked butt with his hands, squeezing and rubbing it before slipping a finger to the front of me. A whimper escaped me when Hawk ran his finger teasingly over the seam of my pussy lips, before slipping inside to flick my clit.

“Oh, fuck!” I cried out, closing my eyes. Please! I said to myself, praying that he would keep touching me. 

I almost cried out in protest when he stepped back, but it was only long enough for him to undo his pants and free his cock. I barely had time to prepare myself before Hawk lifted me slightly, slamming me down on his huge shaft from behind. It was a good thing that I was wet, or it would have hurt. His cock was long, thick, and hot, but it slipped easily inside my lubricated body until he was buried balls deep. He groaned deeply, sinking his teeth into my flesh as he began to move his hips in a rhythm that said this was going to be hard and fast.

I was hugging the door. The only thing keeping me upright was the rutting beast behind me, who seemed to be chasing more than just his release. Each thrust of his body against mine tore a grunt out of me, every time his cock filled my pussy I thought I would lose control.  I was on the very pinnacle of coming, and then his finger was back on my clit and with one, two, three flicks I was coming undone around him.

I screamed out with release, my orgasm hitting me like a physical blow. It took complete and utter control of my body. I shook and jerked, my pussy clenched around Hawk’s pounding cock, bringing a series of animalistic groans up his throat. Still he kept pounding into me, fucking me through my orgasm and giving longevity to my body’s convulsions. I began to wonder if he’d ever find release when a final deep plunge ended it. His heavy breath licked fire on my neck as warm streams of cum filled my pussy.

After a few seconds Hawk’s body began to relax against mine, enough for me to sink to the floor if I’d wanted. I sucked in air, perspiration rolling down my face and neck. I felt a cool draft when he moved completely away from me. It was as if he couldn’t get away fast enough. Did he think that would erase what we’d just done? I slowly turned, resting my back against the door. Within seconds I heard the shower.

I pulled up my shorts, refusing to feel disappointed, ignoring the loneliness of wanting something that Hawk didn’t have in him to give. It wasn’t as if we were in a relationship. What we had was strictly sexual, and I couldn’t for the life of me figure out how I’d let something like this happen. I was letting Hawk get away with using me as a sexual outlet for his enjoyment only. Sure, he’d given me some intense orgasms, but he had a gift for getting me so worked up without touching me that a few little flicks of his tongue or fingers made me get off. 

After that, nothing. It was as if he figured that was good enough. I knew he didn’t care, he’d already told me that. But I needed more. I wanted more. If I’d known of a way to hold off having an orgasm just so he’d be forced to work at it more I would have, but the man freaking got to me like no one else. He was so different from anyone else that I knew. 

The shower turned off and I waited. Hawk came through the doorway, still dripping with a towel wrapped around his hips. Our eyes met and held. His shoulder was still bleeding. “Let me see if I can find something in the bathroom for your arm.”

“It’s good.”

I halted on my way to the bathroom to give him a glare. “Let. Me. Help. You,” I said in a clear, sharp tone. 

Was his smirk supposed to be a smile? It warmed me more than it should have. I waited until he had lowered himself to the foot of the bed before continuing to the bathroom. Inside a medicine cabinet I found peroxide, cotton balls, gauze, and tape. I was surprised to see that Hawk hadn’t moved when I reentered the room. I knew he was watching me, I could feel his sharp gaze on me as I joined him on the edge of the bed. 

I slowly glanced up to meet Hawk’s eyes. “I know you’re a big, bad-ass biker dude and everything, but this might hurt.” I didn’t wait for his response. Lowering my gaze, I poured some of the peroxide onto a cotton ball and proceeded to clean up his wound. My brows drew together when I took in the nasty gash. “Were you shot?”

“Yes.”

It looked deeper than I previously thought. “You might need stitches.” Blood kept pouring out of the wound.

“No stitches.”

Okay, then. I pressed my lips. He was a terrible patient. Hawk didn’t even flinch when I poured the peroxide directly into the gash. Once I cleaned up all the blood I quickly put a thick stack of gauze over the wound, then tore off strips of tape with my teeth and placed them over the edges of the gauze. I sat back and stared at it for a minute, expecting to see the gauze turn red with blood at any second. When it didn’t happen I let out a sigh of relief and smiled.

I’m not sure what came over me, but a moment later I leaned forward and kissed Hawk’s arm where his wound was located. “All better now?” He just grunted. “If it starts bleeding again and you’re too stubborn to go get stitches, then at least get some Super Glue. You might also want to try not using it for a few days, until it closes.” 

“You mean like lifting you up against the door and fucking you?”

An instant rush of heat spread up into my cheeks as our gazes held. I glanced at Hawk’s mouth, hungry for a taste of him, wondering what he’d do if I just grabbed him by the cheeks and forced my lips over his. I almost smiled at the thought. When my gaze shot back up to his, and I saw the suspicion staring back at me, I wondered if he’d guessed what I was thinking.

“Maybe next time you’ll let me help a little,” I said smugly, his brows lifting with surprise. He wasn’t the only one who could deliver a comment that was meant to shock. “Are you going to tell me what happened tonight?”

Hawk shook his head. “Nope.”

What was I going to do? The man was so stubborn! Then a thought occurred to me, and I panicked. “It wasn’t about me, was it? Dane didn’t find me—”

“Had nothing to do about you, so don’t worry about it.” He stood up. “You gonna get a shower, do it now. I’m going to bed.” With that he dropped his towel, pulled back the covers, and got into bed.
I hesitated a minute before deciding that a shower was a good idea. Maybe by the time I came back Hawk would be asleep, but no such luck. The man was resting his head on his folded arms, watching a show on TV. He’d pulled the covers up just enough to cover his waist. The bulge between his thighs was still impressive, even soft. I drew my eyes away, suddenly self-conscious that I was only wearing a towel. I loathed putting on dirty clothes after showering.

The look of interest on Hawk’s face told me that he liked the way I looked. My long hair was dripping, clinging to me in places and keeping my exposed skin wet. My nipples hardened against the soft terry as his gaze narrowed on my breasts. My body reacted instantly, warming beneath his silent manipulation. I knew the sudden wetness between my thighs wasn’t just from the shower.

“Come here.”

My heart skipped a beat, my breath catching with need. I knew that look. Hawk wanted me again. I wished that I had the strength to deny him. Instead I found myself slowly walking toward him. I became aware of two things at the same time, the blood soaking through the gauze I’d placed over his wound, and the tent beneath the sheet revealing that he had a massive hard-on.

I halted when I reached him, and waited. He reached forward, slipping a hand between my knees. Then, ever so slowly, he trailed fire along my flesh where his hand smoothed up my thigh. I trembled when he reached the top, where the crease was, almost holding my breath. Another inch or two and he’d be touching my sex. Did he know how badly he made me want him? When his fingers reached for my pussy it was all I could do not to sink to the floor with a moan.

“You’re bleeding through the bandage,” I said weakly.

“I know,” he responded, exploring my labia. “You’re so fucking wet.”

“I just had a shower,” I explained. We both knew that he was talking about the slickness surrounding his finger. I moaned when he pinched my clit. “You need to get some Super Glue.”

“Later.” Slowly Hawk embedded his finger inside me. I closed my eyes and swayed. Too soon I began to move my hips, thrusting against his finger.  He growled, and without warning he withdrew, and that same finger went to the top of my towel where it was tucked between my breasts. He gave me a tug, pulling me closer.

My eyes flew open. “Aren’t you afraid you’ll bleed to death?” I was smiling, I couldn’t help it. Hawk pulled me down until I was forced to straddle his waist.

“I want you naked.” He ignored my question. Another tug and the towel parted and dropped, settling at the top of my thighs. His smoldering gaze dropped as his hands came up to cup my breasts. “You have nice tits.”

I knew they weren’t small and perky. They were full and heavy, with big nipples. I moved the sheet back, reaching behind me for his cock. As I wrapped my hand around him he groaned, thrusting his hips upward. I moved up and down the length, feeling the pre-cum in the slit at the top. I scooped it out with the tip of my finger and brought it to my mouth.

A look of raw, savage lust moved over Hawk’s features as he watched me suck his cum off my finger. “Let me at that cunt.” He moved so fast that I didn’t have time to question it. One second his hands were on my waist, and the next he was settling me on his face. I gasped out sharply, shocked at his move. My thighs were on either side of his head and my pussy directly over his open mouth.

A loud sigh of pleasure escaped me when his tongue began to lap at my pussy with hungry strokes. He spent ample time licking up my cream and manipulating my throbbing clit. When I began to move my hips the hands at my waist clenched, holding me tightly against his mouth. I threw back my head and moaned loudly when he started to use his tongue like a cock. He was merciless, going in deep.

Maybe I couldn’t lift my hips, but I could roll them back and forth. The slightest movement gave me what I needed, his mouth rubbing against my sensitive clit. While his tongue teased me until I thought I couldn’t take any more, I was able to get the friction I needed, where I needed it most. I was going to climax any second, I could feel it, just out of reach. Hawk’s rough hands tweaking my nipples pushed me over the edge.

I cried out. It was intense. My whole body shook and vibrated from the release gushing through me. The entire time Hawk’s mouth remained locked on my pussy, drinking up everything he could get, while his tongue continued to slide in and out. I could feel my heart pounding heavily in my chest, my breathing sounding loud in the room. I was ready to collapse in exhaustion in the aftermath of total fucking bliss.

Hawk wasn’t of the same mindset. His large hands took me by the waist and he picked me up off his face, moving me to the bed next to him. I found myself flipped onto my belly and pulled to my knees as he quickly positioned himself behind me. I could feel his heavy cock between my thighs, and then he was running the rounded head over my dripping pussy. He coated it with my cum before bringing it back to my anus and smearing the slick wetness over my puckered hole. 

“I want this ass,” he said in a guttural tone.

I sucked in my breath and pulled away slightly. The thought of Hawk’s huge member taking me there frightened me, even as it turned me on. Would he fit? He wrapped an arm around me and pulled me back against him, growling low as if in warning for me not to move again. He gathered more wetness, using his finger this time, and slowly penetrated my anus. I instinctively tensed up when the digit slid inside me deeply.

“So fucking tight,” he said with satisfaction. He added another finger, causing me to whimper. “You’re gonna take my dick in this ass, baby. I’m gonna fuck you hard, and you’re gonna milk all the fucking cum out of my balls.
Oh, God, his words made me hot. I found myself thrusting back against his fingers with willing eagerness. Yes, I wanted that, too, I thought to myself. “Fuck my ass Hawk.”

He snarled and withdrew his fingers. I felt his cock head at the entranceway and braced myself to feel pain. Hawk was careful though, taking is time as he pushed past the sphincter muscle and popped inside. After that he was able to glide all the way until he bottomed out. I moaned deeply and closed my eyes. Thankful he had given me a little time to get used to his size.

“You okay?”

His concern surprised me. I nodded and pushed back against him. He grunted and began to thrust. Each time he nearly pulled all the way out before plowing forward again. Each time he started to push back in, I thrust back, impaling myself on his cock. Our breathing turned harsh and heavy, the sounds of our joint pleasure turned into a strangely erotic song. Hawk’s hands clenched my hips as he held me where he wanted me. His shifting peed told me that he was going to climax soon.

I instinctively pushed back against the invasion, moaning low at how full I felt. Dane had taken me from behind many times, but it had never felt this good. It began to dawn on me that his slow, deliberate technique didn’t amount to the same intense pleasure that I received from Hawk’s rough pounding. 

With Dane I just wanted it to be over.

With Hawk I never wanted it to end.

I reached down for my clit, but Hawk’s hand got there first. He knew what I wanted, what I needed. I whimpered loudly when he wasted no time at working the tiny, throbbing nub that would end with a trip to heaven. He flicked, pinched, and rubbed my clit until an orgasm rapidly built in my core.

“You like my dick pounding your ass, baby?”

“Yes!” I hissed. 

“Yes, what?” he snarled, slamming into me.

“I like your dick pounding my ass!” I liked it a lot! I could feel his sweat dripping onto my back, the hand on my hip was brutal enough to leave marks. I didn’t care. I didn’t want him to ever stop.

“Fuck!” he growled, pounding into me so hard that his balls were slapping against the back of my thighs. “Fucking come for me now!” He pressed a finger firmly against my clit and held.  

I screamed as an orgasm ripped through my body. As I twitched uncontrollably with release, Hawk stiffened and held himself deep inside me, the rumbling sounds that escaped him animalistic and raw. His shudder forced me deeper into the bed, as he released his seed in my ass in long, warm spurts. The force was amazing.

Soon he was slipping from my body and moving away. I collapsed fully, out of breath and trying not to let the sudden emptiness get to me. It was more than Hawk possessing my body. Something unexplainable settled inside me, as soon as I felt him disconnect from me as he always did. I waited for him to leave the bed, surprised when he settled next to me, more than surprised when he pulled me sharply against the curve of his body and covered us.

A small smile tugged at the corners of my mouth, but I didn’t want to jinx anything by giving into it. I didn’t understand why keeping contact mattered so much to me, except that it did. We may have been strangers, responding to a deep seated need to just fuck one another, but there was something else there. Something far more complex than what I’d felt with Dane. Hawk was running, too, from the past, obviously, and whatever had happened that had shaped him into the man that he was. He’d let it destroy his humanity and trust.

The deliberate bump of Hawk’s lower body against mine brought me back into the present. Then he growled against the back of my ear. “Stop thinking and go to sleep.”

How did he know? The man scared me. I sighed deeply and closed my eyes, wondering what tomorrow would bring. I knew that Dane was still looking for me, so leaving right then would basically have been suicide. The Phantom Riders MC was my salvation, but something would have to change. I couldn’t just continue to hang around with nothing to do. I would talk to Hawk about it. 

Tomorrow.




Chapter 15

Hawk

It was fucking early when I entered church. My gaze took in the full table, satisfied that my brothers were on time and waiting for me, cups of coffee in hand. Except for Snake, his burly hand was wrapped around a whisky glass. The man must have had a cast iron stomach, because he drank that shit like it was water. The room was slightly cloudy with smoke, caused by a mixture of cigarettes, cigars and weed. I made my way to the head of the table and sank down into my chair.

“Hit, Prez?”

I took the weed Rock held out to me and put it to my lips, sucking in deep and filling my lungs. I held it in as long as I could, before reluctantly releasing a thin stream of smoke to join the other toxic fumes in the room. Then I took a long, hard look at my brothers. They were watching me expectantly, and it was clear from their fucking faces that they were angry and ready for war. The anger was palpable in the room filled with hardened bikers.

“Everyone know what went down last night?” 

Not everyone had been there, yet everyone nodded and murmured beneath their breaths. Not much was kept quiet in the brotherhood when something like a shooting went down.

“What are we gonna do about those fuckers?” Snake’s rough, whiskey filled voice was the first one to speak.

“For a new club, those Blue Knights’ have big fucking balls!” Clay added.

“They’re either stupid as shit or have a death wish!” said Keg.

I let the angry comments go on for a few minutes before slamming a fist down on the table and shouting, “Enough!” I waited until all eyes were on me. “Before we go off half-cocked we need to fucking know a few things.” I narrowed my eyes on Keg. “You sure you saw Blue Knights colors last night?”

“Sure as fuck,” he said without hesitation. 

“It don’t make fucking sense,” Rock said what I was thinking. “First they off Covacks’ son, then they attack us at our home?”

“I agree with Rock,” Painter spoke up. “Plus, why was their prez here yesterday, crying innocence if they planned to hit us?”

“Someone setting them up?” Ned suggested.

“Looks that way,” I concluded. “But we all know the obvious isn’t always what it seems. Before we go after Blue Knights I want some fucking answers. I know you brothers want to protect our club, but we need to be fucking smart about it.”

“Seems since your woman showed up shit’s been happening.” Keg shrugged. “Just sayin’.”

I narrowed angry eyes on Keg, angry because he was right. Trouble seemed to follow Audra, yet she was also in trouble. Or was she? I thought back to the day I’d caught her trying to steal my bike. Planned, or coincidence? And then there’d been the bug we’d found on her. She’d acted genuinely surprised by it. Fuck, was she another Sonya? I didn’t fucking like the feelings going through me. It didn’t bode well for Audra.

I leaned forward, expelling a heavy breath. “First, Fox is looking into her. Second, she’s not on the table for discussion right now, Blue Knights are.” I wasn’t going to define what my relationship was with Audra because the whole fucking thing confused me. “If they’re being set up, we need to find out by who and why before we take them out.”

“We just gonna let them off free to attack us again while we look for those fucking answers?” Big John snarled. As club enforcer I knew that he wouldn’t stay silent for long. He lived to fight. He was good at it, and good at protecting the club.

“I say we show them who they’re fucking messing with!” BK barked, receiving nods of agreement from the brothers closest to him.

“We will.” There was no fucking way that I was just going to ignore Blue Knights’ attack on our club. I looked directly at Big John, sensing his eagerness to act. “Pick up their president. And--” I made sure that there were no misunderstandings, “--I want him alive.”

I waited for his nod before turning my gaze on Fox. “I want you to look into their club, find out who their enemies and contacts are. If someone is setting them up, there’s a fucking reason for it. I don’t like being used.” My gaze encompassed the whole table. “Because there’s no fucking doubt if Blue Knights are being set up, Phantom Riders are being set up to eliminate the problem.”

Murmurs went around the room as the thought sunk in to my brothers. Gradually, heads began to nod with agreement, as what had occurred to me already finally occurred to them. If someone was playing our MC’s against each other, then we were both being set up, and I didn’t fucking like it. Neither did my brothers. 

“Covacks?” Clay suggested. 

“Naw, man, Covacks doesn’t work that way,” Rock responded.

Rock was right. Covacks didn’t need someone else to do his dirty work for him, and if he did, he paid heavy for it. As far as I fucking knew the man didn’t have any beef with us, and if it turned out that Blue Knights did have something to do with his son’s death, he wouldn’t waste his time setting them up just so that another club would take them out. 

“Rock’s right,” I said, drawing my brother’s eyes. “Right now the club’s protection comes first. After church I want all of you out front. Comb the fucking grounds for anything that might be linked to the shooting last night, in case the fucking cops come back. Fox, you set up a schedule for the prospects. I want two out front at all times. Then get your ass on the computer.” He nodded. “Big John, you got your fucking orders. Take BK and Painter with you.” I turned to Ned and Keg. “I want you two to scout around at the bars and places Blue Knights hang out, see what you can find out. Snake, when you call to get the windows replaced I want fucking bullet proof glass.”

“That’s gonna be fucking expensive, Prez” he said.

“I don’t give a fuck, and while you’re at it, have the restaurant windows replaced, too. The club makes enough money to cover it. A big part of our income comes from paying customers who frequent the bar and restaurant. We were fuckin’ lucky last night that no one was injured.”

“Lucky if anyone comes back,” Jumper commented beneath his breath. Jumper was the youngest member at the table and had just been patched in the month before.

They would be back. Our place drew in those who were rebelling against society and their boring lives. They came here looking for excitement, too stupid to realize the danger. The girls were always seeking out a brother to fuck so she could go back, wherever that was, and brag about it, while the men came hoping they were big enough and bad enough to get a shot at club status. Some made it.

Most didn’t.

“Have faith, brother.” I said, grinning. “I want you to help Snake clean up the bar. We’ll get some of the girls to chip in, too.”

“What about the club windows, you want those replaced, too?” 

There was a fucking grin on Rock’s face that told me he was kidding. He knew the brothers would never go for that shit. We weren’t pussies. If anyone dared attack us at the rear they would be dead before reaching the street. “Scared, brother?”  

My comment drew snorts from some of the others, which he didn’t appreciate. “Fuck, no,” he snapped.

“We’ll hold church tomorrow at two.” I stood up, my signal that church was over. I needed to find Audra and set up some rules. She couldn’t be allowed to just wander around the fucking club at will. It was too dangerous, for her and for us. Until I was sure she was who she said she was she’d have to be watched.

I found her in the back in the club house sitting at the bar with a plate of breakfast in front of her. Lynn was behind the bar, cleaning glasses and straightening up. The conversation between them was the kind you’d expect to hear from two people getting to know one another. Lynn was forthcoming, answering without thinking. She had nothing to hide. Audra, on the other hand, seemed to think about what she was going to say before she said it.

Lynn finally glanced over and saw me watching them from the doorway. “Morning, Prez! Would you like a plate of food?”

I gave her a chin lift and she quickly dropped her cleaning rag and disappeared the back way into the restaurant’s kitchen. Audra slowly swung my way, nibbling on a piece of toast. The glimmer of humor in her eyes put me on guard.

“Morning, Prez,” she said in a teasing tone. “Just the man I want to see.” I crossed my arms, refusing to let her cheery fucking attitude get to me. She wanted something, I could tell. “Relax, Hawk. I just have a question.” 

I stepped closer to her and reached over her shoulder. As soon as I did it I realized it was a fucking mistake. Her clean, floral scent assailed my senses, turning my dick hard. I didn’t fucking like the effect she was having on me. Clenching my jaw, I grabbed a piece of toast off her plate and pulled back. I met her curious eyes before dropping mine to her mouth. It looked smooth and fucking soft, and when her small, pink tongue came out I nearly said to hell with it and grabbed her.  The powerful urge to kiss her came from nowhere.

I knew that if I kissed her it wouldn’t be the slow, sweet kind.

Thank fuck Lynn came back into the room at that moment. 

“Here ya go, Prez.” She set a plate down that was piled high with scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast. “Coffee?”

I gave her a brief nod, my focus on Audra. “What the fuck do you want to ask me?”  I took the stool next to her.

Her smile widened. “I was thinking, as long as I’m here, maybe you could put me to work or something. I don’t have any money of my own, and I’ll go crazy with nothing to do.” 

I took a hefty bite of eggs, not about to admit that I’d been thinking the same thing. “What can you do?” 

She shrugged. “It’s been a while, but when I was in high school I waitressed and cleaned offices.” My brows furrowed. High school was a long time ago. What had she been doing since? She must have guessed what I was thinking, because she added, “I met Dane while cleaning his office one night. I guess you can say he swept me off my feet. I was young and he was larger than life. All of a sudden he was taking me to swanky places and buying me expensive gifts.”

“He paid to fuck you.” I watched her expression change as she contemplated my comment. “He take your virginity?”

Audra winced at that. “I thought I loved him. He was good to me. I had no clue what kind of man he was until that night.” 

I took a sip of coffee. “He killed, he had his reasons. We’re no fucking different, Audra. We kill to protect our club. We kill to protect what’s ours.”

She seemed to think about that. When her gaze lifted to mine I could see the confusion in her eyes. “Then why am I here, Hawk? I know you think that I’m a threat to your club, so why haven’t you killed me?”

I exhaled a deep breath, looking deep in her eyes. She wasn’t going to like what I was about to say but that was too fucking bad. “Too many unanswered questions, and I’m not done fucking you yet.” 

Her eyes grew round. “And when you get the answers you’re looking for, and you’re done fucking me, what then?” she demanded in a challenging tone. 

I wanted to smile, I fucking did. Nothing turned me on more than the thought of a good fight, and the color flushing Audra’s face, the sparkle in her flashing eyes, told me that she was gearing up for one. She turned toward me on her stool, the anger coming off her in waves.

“So you’re no better than Dane,” she hissed.

I saw something else in her eyes, an emotion she couldn’t hide. She was hurt and trying to disguise it. I knew that I was a bastard. I’d spent too many years not giving a fuck, not caring enough, and all because of a woman I’d given everything to. Betrayal and the destruction it had caused ran too fucking deep in my blood. 

Audra wasn’t Sonya. Yet it was fucking hard tearing down walls and breaking old habits. The fact that I was giving Audra more than I had any other woman showed me that she was getting to me. I couldn’t afford to let her but when she was in my bed, naked and sweet-smelling, all I could fucking think of was possessing her, all of her. 

We’d strayed way the fuck off what we’d started out talking about. Aware that Audra was staring at me with eyes shooting rays of death, I picked up a piece of toast and took a large bite of it. I fucking hoped Fox found out what the connection was between her, her bastard ex, and Covacks fast so I could deal with shit and turn her loose. 
“There’s a lot of shit that needs to be cleaned up from last night. See Snake and tell him to put you to work.”

I could see that she was still angry, yet she was doing a good job of controlling it. At least she wasn’t slapping me across the face. After a few seconds passed she jumped from her stool. I let her walk away, a slow grin covering my face. I looked up to see that I had Lynn’s attention. Realizing that she was staring, she jumped and went back to work. 

I was still chewing the last of my bacon when I went out to the bar. I briefly took in the shit that was going on as I continued through to the entrance door. Snake had three prospects cleaning up the broken window glass beneath the windows, while club girls were picking it off the furniture. Glass had fucking sprayed everywhere. 

Pushing my way through to the outside, I found Audra sweeping the walkway directly below the windows. She barely spared me a glance before pressing her pretty lips and glancing back at the glass she had piled up. I grinned, stepping away. My brothers were scattered around the lot, doing a thorough sweep for evidence. Gradually they began to walk my way, shaking their heads to show me that they hadn’t found anything.

“Do we know if they found anything last night?” Painter asked when he reached me.

“If they did I would have heard from the fucking sheriff,” I replied. Fuller crossed my mind. That bastard I didn’t fucking trust. I caught Fox’s attention and gave him a chin lift to let him know that I wanted to talk to him. “When you’re doing your research, contact Wild Marauders and Dark Menace to see if they’ve had any trouble with Blue Knights, or heard anything about Covacks’ son being murdered.” He gave a sharp nod and kept going.

I knew both MC’s, knew their presidents Lynch and Stone. We did business with their clubs, often had each other’s backs and I trusted them. We thought a lot like, ran our clubs similar, didn’t take shit from anyone. Sure, we did illegal shit sometimes, but we kept our clubs free of drugs and had legitimate businesses to keep the IRS happy. Recently Lynch and Stone had acquired old ladies. I wondered how that was working out for them.

My gaze shifted to Audra. Fuck, no, wasn’t gonna happen. 

“Hey, boss.” I looked at Big John, and waited. “Got a call from Dolly.” She owned a strip club in town. “She said Blue Knights were at her place last night, around the same fuckin’ time that we were hit. She heard what went down and thought we should know.”

“She give any names?” I crossed my arms.

He nodded. “Said they were all there at one time or another, couldn’t be sure who the fuck was or wasn’t at the time of the shooting.”

“I still want their prez.” I saw a flash of something in the distance, and kept my gaze trained on it until it was close enough that I could determine that it was a car. A fucking long black limo, and I knew that we were about to get a visit from Covacks. That meant one fucking thing to me that whatever he had to talk about, he wanted to see my reaction when he told me.

Word was he was fucking good at reading people.

If he didn’t like what he saw you were fucking dead.

My brothers noticed the car approaching and moved to my side and behind me in a show that they had my back. Covacks’ had his own moves and when he exited the car he was instantly flanked by two huge bodyguards, both carrying shotguns. I had no doubt that they were probably armed with other weapons they’d make visible at the first sign of trouble. 

“I hope you don’t mind this impromptu visit.” A row of even, white teeth followed his comment, looking more like a snarl that a smile. Sharp, assessing eyes took in everything at once. “I see you’re prepared for trouble.”

“We’re always ready for trouble.” His grin didn’t fool me. “Just happen to be in the neighborhood?”

“Afraid not. Do you think you and I might talk inside where it’s more comfortable, and perhaps I could get a drink?” 

His message was fucking clear. Our men were to remain outside in a kind of silent stand-off. Waiting to see the outcome of our talk? Maybe. But we were at my home, and I called the fucking shots. Corvacks was a wealthy, powerful man, but even he had to know he’d overstepped the limits of his authority.

“You want to talk, my brothers will be there.” His eyes hardened, I could tell he didn’t like it, but that was too fucking bad. I turned to head inside when I heard a sharp gasp.

I glanced at Audra, watching as her face turned white. She was staring at Covacks as if he was the fucking devil, and he was looking at her, too, but without the same horror. He seemed oblivious to her fearful reaction to him, his reaction more that of a man taking in the form of a beautiful woman. That is until his gaze finally reached her face. He frowned then, as if he were trying to figure out where he’d seen her before. I thought back to the picture Fox had shown me. She hadn’t been in the picture with Covacks and her ex, hadn’t recognized his name, but that didn’t mean that they hadn’t met at some time.

When Audra’s gaze moved past Covacks to me, the hurt and disbelief I saw reflected in her accusing depths set me the fuck back. She quickly spun around as if nothing were wrong and continued to sweep. I’d have to fucking deal with her later, after I got rid of Covacks. I moved, but he continued to stand there, his narrowed eyes on Audra. I didn’t like it one fucking bit.

“Problem?”
“No.” He began to follow me. “The woman, I thought I recognized her from somewhere.” I didn’t respond. He’d probably remember where in time, but I wasn’t fucking helping him. “She’s very beautiful.”

Yes, she was, even dressed in hand-me-down clothes that didn’t quite fit, her fiery hair a tumbled mess all around her. I shifted my gaze to the swell of her ass showing beneath her cut offs as I yanked open the door and let Covacks precede me into the bar. My brothers and his men followed in no particular order. 

“Snake, a bottle and a couple glasses.” I led Covacks to a booth in the far corner, away from the mess. Rock joined us. The others took seats at some of the tables close enough to hear. 

Snake set the bottle of Johnnie Walker down, two glasses, and walked away without a word. I poured a generous serving in each glass, handed one to Covacks, and watched him toss it back without a breath. 

“Someone killed my son, Dominick.” He slammed his empty glass down onto the table. 

So, it was finally confirmed.  I wasn’t going to ask him how. The ring we’d found had been over-nighted to him. That alone wouldn’t have been enough proof that the charred body on the side of the road was his son. I wondered why he’d felt the need to tell me in person, unless he was looking for something. His shrewd eyes were narrowed, watching me closely, as if gauging my reaction to the news, before shifting over to my brothers. He was going to be disappointed if he was looking for a sign of guilt, because we weren’t fucking responsible. 

“I heard your fucking club is responsible.”

Normally a statement like that would have been cause for me and my brothers to draw our weapons, but no one moved. I crossed my arms and stared Covacks down with nothing to hide. The man was unpredictable but fucking smart. Confronting our club personally, with as little backup as he had, took balls. Especially if he believed what he’d just said. My gut told me he didn’t, that he was a prick who enjoyed using the shock factor. What the fuck had he hoped to gain by that?

“If you believed that shit we wouldn’t be sitting here having this conversation,” I finally said, not taking my eyes off him. 

“We were the fucking ones who told you what we saw,” Keg piped up in a pissed tone. “We—”

I held my hand up before he made it worse.

Covacks shrugged, smiling. “It wouldn’t be the first time someone tried to take the heat off themselves by discovering the scene and then implicating someone else.”

I was getting tired of his game. “Stop the bullshit and get to the fucking point of why you’re here.”
The smile slowly faded from Covacks’ face, his eyes turning to stone in a face that suddenly showed his advanced age. He leaned slightly toward me. If he meant to intimidate me he was fucking with the wrong man and club.

“I want the person responsible for Dominick’s death, because I have no doubts that the Blue Knights were paid by someone, and I’m willing to pay to find out. I’m going to offer you the same deal I offered Dark Menace.” 

“And that is?”

“One million dollars.” 

Fuck. Those were a lot of reasons to get involved. I didn’t look at my brothers, but I could see movement out of the corner of my eye. I sensed their heightened interest.  

Covacks finally leaned back, reaching for the bottle of whiskey. He splashed more into his tumbler. “And just so we’re clear, I want him or her delivered to me alive. I want to be the one to end them.”

I wouldn’t want to be that someone. I still had my doubts that the Blue Knights were involved. “Blue Knights said they didn’t kill him.”

Covacks’s took a drink. “That may be. Once I have Dominick’s murderer, the rest will fall into place.” He sounded very confident.

I knew Covacks wasn’t waiting for me to accept. He’d put the offer on the table and it was our decision to make if we wanted to get involved. First, we’d have to put it to a vote. It wasn’t all about the fucking money. The club was one, a brotherhood. Dark Menace was no different. Apparently Covacks’ had gone to them first. Stone would need to be called before any decisions were made. 

Covacks got to his feet, motioned to his two goons, and left without another word.




Chapter 16

Audra

Ohmygod! Ohmygod! Ohmygod!

I quickly swung around in stark fear, moving the broom but not really sweeping, staring down but not really seeing. What was he doing here? I felt my heart rate pick up speed to the point that I began to worry I’d give myself a heart attack. I couldn’t breathe and I felt sick to my stomach, expecting to feel a hand on my shoulder at any second, pulling me back around to face my bleak future. How could Hawk, how could he?

I fought back the stupid tears at his betrayal.

As I waited for the inevitable to happen, I heard the door open and the shuffle of footsteps that indicated that they’d gone inside the bar, and then I was left alone. Alone! My eyes rounded with astonishment, and then my flight instincts took over and I dropped the broom. I didn’t even think about what I was doing, or where I was going, as I took off through the parking lot toward the main road.

The only thing I knew for certain was that I had to get away. It didn’t matter that I was on foot, didn’t matter that I didn’t have a thing to my name other than what I was wearing, and the little bit of money I had left over from the money Hawk had given me. I ran like the very devil was hot on my heels, because in my mind, he was. Dane was not going to let me go, sending his henchmen to find me and drag me back to him. I didn’t know the man’s name, but I recognized him as one of Dane’s friends, and in my mind they all worked for him. 

His showing up at the club wasn’t a coincidence and could only mean one thing, that Hawk had struck a deal with Dane. How else would he have found me? Tears finally broke through as my emotions got the best of me. How could a man be intimate with a woman, and then basically sign her death sentence the next? Maybe “death sentence” was premature, because I didn’t really know what Dane had in store for me. All I knew was that he’d threatened to punish me if I didn’t do what he said. For the first time I began to accept that Hawk was really the cold-blooded, unfeeling bastard that he said he was.

I ran and ran, high on the adrenaline of fear, determined to get as far away from there as I could. Too late I remembered that we were deep in the country, but I couldn’t let that stop me from at least trying to escape. I ran to the tree line, deciding it would be best to stay close to them in case I needed to duck for cover. I could hear the sound of running water, and knew that there was a stream nearby. My dry mouth reminded me that I was thirsty, but there was no way I was going to venture into the Maine woods.
I walked for a while, running when I’d rested up enough. I wanted to put as much distance between me and Hawk as soon as possible. Traffic was sparse, almost non-existent on the country road, and the lack of traffic lights told me that was probably the norm. It didn’t take my addled brain long to realize the isolated location of the clubhouse was going to be my downfall.

It wouldn’t take Hawk long to discover my absence, and then what? If I didn’t find a place, fuck, civilization soon, I might as well give up. I stopped at a crossroads to catch my breath before looking in four different directions to determine which way to go. It was hard to see any great distance because of the hills and curves in the road, and the trees. 

Then I came to a ‘Welcome to Solon’ sign, population nineteen hundred.  At the same time I heard an approaching vehicle. My first thought was to thumb for a ride, until I realized that it could very well be the man in the black limo. I quickly ran and hid behind a tree, too afraid to peek, too afraid to breathe, as it passed by where I was squatting. When I could barely hear it anymore, I slowly left my hiding spot. I squinted, taking in the backend of the luxury car.

Damn Hawk to fucking hell for doing this to me. I sobbed, hating him. He must have known by then that I’d run away, why else would Dane’s people be leaving? I had no doubt that once Hawk found me again he’d turn me over to them. Cursing at the weakness, I brushed my tears away angrily and began to run again, anger fueling me. I just had to come to something soon. Solon was a small town but I guessed it must have businesses in it. Nineteen hundred people had to work and eat.

I sensed that I was getting nearer to town. Homes dotted the area, and traffic picked up. Since I assumed that Hawk and his men would be on motorcycles, I began to trust that the occasional car or truck that came up behind me wasn’t the enemy. Still, I held my breath until they continued past. Businesses came into view, and I slowed down to a jog until I finally came to the Main Street that every town seemed to have.

I stopped and dug into my pocket for my money. A quick count showed me that I had enough for a cheap room and something to eat, a few things I needed from the drug store and maybe a bus ticket to the next town. If that didn’t work out then I’d be forced to thumb for a ride. It would be dangerous, but I didn’t have any choice. 

I didn’t find the usual corner drug store, so I settled for the small grocery store. The sign out front boasted that it had everything. I went straight to the hair section and picked up a pair of scissors, and a kit to dye my hair blonde. Then I picked up a ready-made sandwich, a bag of chips and a bottle of soda. As I was standing in line I snatched a candy-bar. 

“Is there a hotel or anything around here where I can get a room for the night?” I asked the girl behind the counter. “Something, ah, cheap?” She rang up my items and I handed her a twenty.

“Got no hotels around here.” She handed me my change. “You could try Miss Minnie’s place. She sometimes rents out of her house. Don’t know if she’ll do one night, but she’s real nice, and I know she can use the money.” 
That sounded encouraging. “Miss Minnie’s? Where do I find her?” I took my bag from her, my eyes nearly bugging out of my head when I noticed a motorcycle ride past. Was that one of Hawk’s men?

“Big white house across the street.”

I glanced out the window. There were several big houses across the street and they were all white. It could be any one of them.

“She has a sign on her mailbox,” she said, as if reading my mind. Then she moved on to the person behind me.

I hesitated at the door, looking up and down the road. Other than an occasional vehicle, mostly trucks, there was nothing. Across the street an elderly couple walked their dog, and a few kids were playing in their fenced-in yard. I squinted, trying to read the mailboxes and looking for a sign, but didn’t see one. The mailboxes were located next to the front doors. It didn’t look like I was going to get a break, but as I was crossing the street, one box in particular drew my eye.

I walked up the porch steps straight to the mailbox. A tiny-and I mean tiny-note was taped to the rusty black box. Room for rent, the lettering so faded that it was hard to make out. That’s all it said. Just as I knocked on the door, I heard the unmistakable rumble of motorcycles. Ohmygod! My heart was in my throat as I frantically knocked a second time, looking wildly around me. I saw them. Bikers. They’d just entered town and were riding in my direction.

I swung back around, as if no one would recognize me from behind, and was about to knock a third time when the door opened. The smiling face of a sweet little old lady greeted me.

“Hi, please−” I tried to calm myself down, aware of the panic in my tone. “I’m here about a room for rent.”

The woman’s smile grew wider. “Why, of course, dear.” She stepped back and I took that as an invitation to open the door between us. “Come on in.”

The bikers were close! As soon as I had control of the door I closed it behind me, and then turned to face the woman. I smiled, trying to put her at ease when I saw the slight concern move across her face. She was probably wondering why I had shut the door so quickly.

“I only need it for one night,” I said, hearing the bikers go past the house. They kept going. I breathed in deeply with relief. “Do you rent nightly?” I hoped.

“Honey, I rent by the hour sometimes,” she laughed. 

Was she serious? I must have looked surprised at her comment, because everyone knew what renting by the hour meant. Wasn’t that a kind of universal thing? I guess she really did need the money. I laughed in spite of myself. “How much for one night?”
Her sharp blue eyes moved over me, and I got the impression that she could see right through me. I know I looked a wreck. Sweaty and dirty, my hair was everywhere, and my clothes, well, I knew they didn’t fit me. Not when half my ass cheeks were hanging out. “I have money,” I said, thinking that she might be worried that I didn’t. I reached inside my pocket, pulling out the small wad I had left.

“Honey.” She put her shriveled up, crooked hand on my arm where it was wrapped around my bag of meager items. “I wasn’t worried about the money. You look like you’ve been to hell and back.” I remained silent. “You in trouble, girl?”

Oh, God. Not a conversation I wanted to get into right now. But then I realized that I might gain her help if she thought I was. Women were sympathetic to women abused and in trouble, weren’t they? I wasn’t exactly abused, but I would be if Dane or Hawk got their hands on me again. 

“Maybe a little,” I finally said. “But not with the law,” I added quickly so that she wouldn’t get the wrong idea.

“Running away from a man?” she asked. I nodded. “Poor dear. At least you’re leaving him. Some women just stay and take it, thinking they don’t have a choice.” The whole time she was talking she was leading me toward the back of the house. “My name is Minnie, what’s yours?”

I opened my mouth. Should I lie? The fake name came out before I could stop it. “Liz.”

“Well, Liz, come with me. I bet you’d love a nice hot shower and some clean clothes, and probably something to eat, too.” She led me into the kitchen and to a door off to the side. I was surprised to see a bedroom when she opened the door. “I know it’s odd having a bedroom off of the kitchen, but my poor old Joe couldn’t manage the stairs at the end of his life so we converted the formal dining room into a bedroom for him.”

It was a nice room, and seemed to have everything for a renter. Half was furnished as the bedroom, the other half as a living area. I smiled at the old TV, wondering if it even worked. 

“This works out perfect for renters. You have your own bathroom.” She pointed to a heavily painted door with an old brass doorknob. “And you’re right off the kitchen, so everything is close by.”

“How much?” I asked.

She hesitated. “How much do you have?”

I frowned, but counted the month in my hand anyway, a little embarrassed. “Sixty-one dollars.”

Minnie cocked her head, and I could see she was working it out in her head. She really was a sweet lady, somewhere around seventy, I guessed. Her hair was completely white and done up in an old fashioned bun. But it was the stark clarity of her blue eyes, set deep in a face lined with wrinkles that kept my attention. They were filled with life and kindness, yet I sensed that she could be just as shrewd when she wanted to be.

After a while she smiled. “Ten dollars,” she said, drawing a gasp from me. I opened my mouth to protest and she said, “No, I won’t hear it. It will take you thirty-six dollars to get to the next town by bus, and I’m not going to leave you with nothing.”

I felt my bottom lip tremble. This woman didn’t even know me, but she was willing to help me. She was a saint. I fought back the tears and entered the bedroom, feeling overwhelmed by the whole situation. I set my bag down on the closest piece of furniture and handed her ten dollars. “Thank you so much, Minnie. You’re a life saver.” I expelled a deep sigh. “I think the first thing I’ll do is get a shower.”

“Wait just a minute.” She turned and hurried away, returning with a garment in her hands. “Give me your clothes and I’ll run them through the washer for you.”

I glanced down at the robe in my hands. “But I—” I stopped, taking in the understanding in her eyes. She wanted to do this, and I couldn’t help wondering if she was just a lonely old woman who needed some purpose in her life. Any purpose, even if it was something as mundane as washing a stranger’s clothes. Her smile was contagious, and I found myself returning it. “Thank you.” 

She nodded with satisfaction. “Just leave them outside the door.” 

I did as she asked, feeling very vulnerable standing naked in someone else’s house. After locking myself in my room, I went and took a long, scolding shower. I hadn’t even thought about shampoo and soap, but there was an assortment to choose from. Lavender had always been my favorite, and before long the bathroom was steamed up with the pleasant scent. Twenty minutes later I was dry and wrapped up in a soft, terry robe, and lying on the bed in exhaustion over everything that had happened.

I closed my eyes. I needed to cut and color my hair. Instead, I let the quiet surrounding me calm my frayed nerves, sooth my weary body and overworked senses, and eventually claim my tired mind. 

I don’t know how long I slept. The first time I woke just long enough to eat and drink something, before allowing myself the luxury of sleep again. The next time I opened my eyes it was to the early morning light filtering through the split in the heavy drapes. Did I close them? I didn’t remember. All I knew was that I felt totally rested and full of energy.

My gaze lit on the stack of clothes folded neatly on the foot of the bed. Minnie must have had a key, because I’d locked the door the night before. I left the bed, went to the bathroom and then came back out and went to the mirror over the dresser. I fingered my curls, frowning. I hadn’t cut my hair in a long time, it was way past my shoulders and most of the time it was a wild mess. I’d never colored it either, but I guessed there was a first time for everything. Most redheads didn’t like their hair color, but I loved mine.
Grabbing the bag, I dug out the scissors and hair color. How short did I need to go? Very, I decided.  How would I look as a spiked blond? It didn’t matter. It was something I had to do. If I could alter my appearance enough to go unnoticed, I would be able to move around more freely, and without the concern of being captured. Sighing, I picked up the scissors and brought them up.

“Cut one lock of hair and I promise you won’t be able to sit down for a fucking week.”

I screamed and turned around. Hawk was sitting in the chair and I hadn’t even noticed him! He was pissed, his taut jaw twitched, and the coldness in his steely gaze revealed to me how angry he was. I could practically see the waves rolling off him, like the kind that you see on the road when you’re driving on a hot, sunny day. He may as well have been breathing fire, if his fisted hands were any indication of his rage. The thought crossed my mind that maybe he would kill me himself and save Dane the hassle.

He got up and came to me, and all I could do was react. Fear was a strong emotion, but stronger still was the will for self-preservation. The scissors were still clutched in my hand and without thinking I raised my hand and brought it down in a stabbing motion. “No!” I cried out, throwing myself at him. “I’m not going back with you!”									
I’m not sure what I thought I was going to do. Hawk was a giant next to me and I couldn’t hope to match his strength, but if I could slow him down enough to get away, I would do it. I ignored his animal like growl of outrage, but I couldn’t ignore the pain of his grip around my wrist when he stopped my downward motion in mid-air. The next thing I knew I was fighting him like a wild animal, backed into a corner. I refused to go down without trying to hurt the man who’d hurt me.  

“Let me go, Hawk! How could you? How could you?” I threw all of my weight against him but it was like going up against a stone wall. He easily held my hand with the scissors, shaking my wrist violently until the scissors went flying. “Bastard!” I screamed, leaning forward and biting him on the arm.

“What the fuck—”

“Kill me now because I’m not going back with you!” I spat, jerking and pushing against him.

“That can be arranged,” he snarled. “Stop!”

I brought my knee up, but he twisted before I could connect with his balls. I raked my nails down his face with my free hand, until he grabbed it and brought both arms behind my back. Enraged by my helplessness and how easy he countered my every move, I leaned forward and bit him on the chest this time. He snarled like a wounded bear and captured both my wrists with one of his hands to that he could bury his other hand in my hair. He grabbed the wild mass and yanked my head back roughly. Our gazes clashed with the mutual desire to conquer and subdue. 

“Audra, stop before you get hurt!” Hawk warned.
A laugh escaped me. “Go to hell!” I kicked him in the shin, broke one of my wrists free from his hold, and began to punch him with it. “How much is he paying you, Hawk? How much?” I hit him in the face. “You tricked me into thinking I could trust you!”

His growl revealed his frustration, and I could tell that he’d reached his limit. He grabbed me by the front of my robe and threw me onto the bed. I bounced a few times before I was up and on my knees and facing him like a wild lioness. I was breathing fast and my heart was pounding so hard I could feel it in my chest. “I saw you two together! Did you think I was just going to calmly go with him?” 

That little ray of sunlight coming in through the separated curtain landed on something on the bed, drawing my gaze there. The scissors! I snatched them up and threw myself at Hawk. Without thinking my hand shot forward and I winced at the feel of them slicing into his side. Blood instantly appeared.

“Son of a bitch!” he roared, grabbing the scissors from me. “What the fuck is your problem?” He threw his great weight down on me, pinning my arms above my head.

My first insane thought was about the blood getting onto Miss Minnie’s covers, and then, hadn’t he been listening to me? I twisted and bucked, feeling tears of hopelessness fill my eyes. It was a losing battle, but what hurt the most was Hawk’s betrayal. “I’m not going back with you, Hawk.” I could hear the defeat in my soft tone. “I know what you’re planning.” I sobbed, hating my weakness in front of this man. 

Hot blood dripped down onto me, and it was then that I realized my robe had come undone and that I was practically naked beneath him. I felt flushed with heat from the battle, cold inside at what losing was going to cost me. I stilled, knowing it was no use, letting the tears slide down the side of my face. As my breathing slowed, so did Hawk’s. His hands relaxed against my wrists a little, but not enough for me to slip away. Our bodies were completely flush, our breaths almost one. He was hard, I could feel his cock pounding forcefully between my thighs, right against my pelvis. 

A half-sob, half-chuckle escaped me. “What are you planning to do, get in a last fuck before you turn me over to Dane?”

“So you do know Covacks,” he said. It was a statement, not a question. The fact that he didn’t address his predicament meant that he was in control. As usual. I hated him for that control.

“Who?” I honestly didn’t know who he was talking about. “The man I saw you talking with back at the club?” 

“You know damn well that’s who I’m talking about.” He lifted the top half of his body off mine a little so I could breathe easier.

“His name is Covacks?” Hawk confirmed with a sharp nod. “I only know that he’s an associate of Dane’s. I’ve seen them together before.” I felt totally defeated. “Why, Hawk?” I asked softly, holding his gaze. “Why do you want to give me to a man who’s going to bring me back to Dane?”

“You got all that out of Covacks’s showing up at the club?” His thumbs wiped at the tears lingering at the corners of my eyes, something so unlike Hawk that it took my breath away. “Covacks has more than one associate, baby.”

I thought about what Hawk was saying. It hadn’t occurred to me that he and Covacks might also know each other. The only thought that had crossed my mind when seeing Covacks was that he’d been sent there for me. The fact that Hawk had the same kind of associates as Dane was a little frightening. 

“You mean you and Covacks?” Hawk nodded. “You weren’t going to give me to him?” He shook his head. “Oh.”

“Oh,” he repeated. “You’re a pain in my ass.” With that he rolled off me onto the bed, hissing with the movement.

The sound reminded me that I’d cut him. “Hawk!” I rolled onto my side and got to my knees. We were both covered in blood. “Oh my, God! I’m so sorry!” I carefully lifted the edge of his t-shirt to see the damage. Thank God the cut wasn’t very big, but the amount of blood flowing told me that it could be deep. It was hard to tell.

“You meant business.”

I glanced up to see his eyes on my breasts. The intensity of his gaze made my nipples tingle. He looked hungry. What was worse than a wounded animal? An aroused animal, and that’s what Hawk was. He aroused everything inside me.

Everything about him was feral, dangerous, and it turned me on. More than it should. But our libidos would have to wait. The man was bleeding like a stuck pig. The robe I was wearing was ruined now, so I slipped it off and removed the wide belt. “Hold this against your side,” I instructed.

The scissors were new, but that didn’t mean that they were clean. I slipped off the bed and went to the bathroom in hopes of finding something to flush out the cut with. I got lucky when a search turned up a small first aid kit beneath the sink. As I was walking back to the bed I tried not to notice how thoroughly Hawk’s gaze traveled over me. Ignoring the wetness between my legs was even harder. Hawk hadn’t moved from his position, and I couldn’t help but zero in on the bowed erection behind his zipper. I kneeled down next to him, opened the kit, and pulled out the peroxide.

“Since I’m playing nurse again I’ll check the wound on your arm, too.” I remembered seeing it bleeding after I bandaged it the other day, and, knowing Hawk, he’d just ignored taking care of it. Just as I was about to douse his side he grabbed my wrist. My gaze moved up to meet his. I waited.
“When you’re done I’m going to fuck you.”

Sweet Jesus, the man had a way with words! I caught my breath, feeling my pulse throb. What was it with him treating anger and violence with lust? Sex seemed to calm his madness. “Then my work will be for nothing,” I said reluctantly.

“Then you fuck me.” His gruff, no-nonsense tone let me know that he was dead serious about that. We were fucking, one way or another. 

I bit my bottom lip to keep from smiling, totally turned-on. “Minnie—”

“Miss Minnie is across the street with her cronies getting her usual morning breakfast.”

His tone revealed that he knew the older woman.  I should have figured. Solon was a small town. Everyone probably knew everyone, and there were no secrets. 

“You’ll bleed all over her sheets.” I felt compelled to show at least a little restraint.

His sexy-as-hell-grin told me that he wasn’t buying it. “A little late for that.”

He was right. I just looked at him.

“Run out of excuses?” 

“I’d have thought you’d want to punish me rather than fucking me for running away.” I was stupid for reminding him.

“Oh, don’t worry, baby. You’ll be punished for being a pain in my ass.” How could he make it sound more like a promise than a threat? “You have a choice, Audra. Fuck me now, or take your punishment now. I can promise you, you’ll wish you’d fucked me first.”

The bastard was serious! And here I was trying to be sensitive to his wounded condition. Yeah, right. The man was impossible, and intuitive enough to know that I wanted him. “What if you bleed to death?”

His sexy grin didn’t take the sting out of his next comment. “Then we’re both dead.”




Chapter 17

Hawk

Jesus, she was going to do me in one way or another. Her fucking nudity was a sure-fire way to cure a lot of things, including the pain behind a knife, or scissors, wound. I wasn’t surprised that she’d cut me, hell, she’d been mad enough. But fuck, looking at the sexy sway of her large tits, with their rock hard nipples, and her juicy snatch, was the only thing on my mind. That and how fast I could get inside her.

How could she think that strutting around completely fucking naked wouldn’t get to me?

My dick was a solid bar of concrete muscle in my jeans, and it was damned uncomfortable. She poured a generous amount of peroxide into my wound, and then dabbed at it with some cotton. I noticed that she was avoiding my eyes. I grinned. I had a solution for that.

“Undo my fucking jeans, Audra.”

Her gaze shot up to mine. Fuck, she was sexy. That shy, sultry look she had going on was cute but it wasn’t going to stop me. Her hands faltered. 

“Let me bind your wound first.”

“Audra—” I said warningly. “Take my dick out. I need you fucking on it now.” I wanted to grab her by the hair and force the issue because God help her I was about to lose my shit. “Audra—” Something in my tone must have finally registered with her, because she shifted her focus to me. 

“Please, Hawk. I feel bad enough as it is. Let me bind you and then I’ll ride you as long as you want.”

I could see that she was turned-on, the eyes didn’t lie but the other emotions shifting across her face were hard to define. I groaned, wondering when I’d fucking lost control. I then lifted my hips off the bed so she could pull the belt beneath me. I barely gave her time to position it over the cut and tie it off before snarling, “Now, Audra.”

My dick was going to fucking break right through my pants if she didn’t move.

I didn’t appreciate her teasing smile. If I came before she got to it I wouldn’t be fucking happy. That’s how close I was. Between the anger of chasing her ass down, the heat of our fight, and her fucking cutting me, I was on the border. Fighting always got me riled and ready for fucking. It was the only thing that calmed the beast inside me.
Audra wisely undid my jeans, parted the material, and pulled my dick free. It was standing straight up, red hot and dripping. As she stared at it she made the mistake of licking her lips. That did it for me. The desire to have her mouth wrapped around my dick was surpassed only by the desire for her to take me inside her tight body. A savage growl erupted from me as I grabbed her by the waist and lifted her high above my cock. I didn’t need to tell her what to do next. 

Sounds of deep satisfaction vibrated through the room as I thrust up and buried my dick as far as it would go. Keeping my hands on Audra’s hips, I held her still for a minute, forcing back the need to come. Ironic, considering that was my main goal. But I wanted her to fuck it out of me, wanted to fucking feel her juicy cunt swell and clench around me while it milked the cum from my balls.

“Hawk—” A muted sigh that revealed her heart.

Fuck, no! I didn’t want to hear that softness in her tone, that emotion that said more than words. I didn’t want her feeling anything but my fucking dick in her body and the mind-blowing pleasure that followed. Falling for me would be Audra’s biggest mistake. It would ruin her. That was one of the reasons I didn’t kiss. Kissing was too intimate, and promised more than I could give.

I released her hips, deciding to ignore what I’d heard because there was something more important on my mind right now. “Ride me, baby.”

She began to move her hips. I closed my eyes and groaned, swelling inside her already. It wouldn’t take long. As Audra picked up speed I opened my eyes to watch her bouncing on my dick, feasting on her large tits, and then moved my gaze slowly down her luscious curves. I watched my dick disappear inside her body, mesmerized by the slapping of our flesh and the creamy wetness pooling where we were connected. Her thighs clenched my hips, holding on as I thrust up.

“Fucking hell, woman, you have a tight pussy,” I snarled, feeling it clench around me like a vice. “I’m gonna come so hard the force is going to blow you off my dick.”

“Is that a promise?” she teased, grinding down on me. She lifted her arms and pulled her long hair up off her neck. It was a sexy move.

I reached for her tits, taking the heavy globes in my hands and squeezing them until she moaned and closed her eyes. She threw her head back, and her flushed expression twisted, nostrils flaring with lust. Tweaking her nipples caused her eyes to snap open, but they were clouded with smoky heat. They locked onto mine. Her small tongue came out to lick her lips.

“Come on, baby.” I lowered my hand to her pussy, burrowing a finger to find her clit. It was extended and I gave it the attention it needed. I pinched and pressed against it. “Fucking put some cum on my dick.”

Audra gasped and gave a little quiver. 
“Your cunt’s squeezing my dick good,” I growled, feeling my orgasm approaching quickly. “Make some room for my cum because here it comes, baby!” One final plunge, so deep I came up against a barrier, and I was exploding like a fucking geyser inside her. “Fuuuuuuck!” I roared pinching her clit as my dick spilled inside her.

Audra stiffened, and then cried out, “Oh, God!” And I knew she was coming. All of a sudden there was more wetness then her cunt could hold. I held her down tightly, and cum still leaked out. The warm stickiness with an aroma all its own coated my balls, causing my dick to release more of my seed. It was a powerful orgasm, claiming more than just my cock. At that moment the woman on top of me owned me as much as I fucking owned her.

I was fucked.

As we slowly came down from the orgasmic bliss I let Audra collapse against me. I was still inside her and I wanted to remain there as long as possible, enjoying her heat while being tucked away in the best pussy I’d had in a long time. My heart felt like it was going to pound right out of my chest, and I knew that it was keeping beat to the blood pumping through my veins. This woman was dangerous to me in more ways than one.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.

“God, Hawk, that was… intense.”

Yeah, it fucking was. The release had taken care of more than one problem for me. I didn’t think Audra would understand the need, the overwhelming urge to fuck that men like my brothers and I possessed. Sex soothed the pounding, rage-filled adrenaline that rushed through our bodies so that we could act halfway human. It was the outlaw life we chose, driving us to live every day as if it were our last, taking what we wanted in the moment.

I gripped the back of her hair and pulled her head up, glaring into her smoky eyes. She was flushed a pretty color, her rapid breathing still rushing through her parted lips. When I saw her gaze go to my mouth I clenched my jaw. I knew what Audra wanted. Fuck, if I were honest with myself, I wanted it, too. But I couldn’t bring myself to cross that line. 

“We need to go.”

She nodded slowly, a sad little smile covering her mouth as she carefully moved off of me. “Just let me clean up and dress.” She turned and disappeared into the bathroom. 

Fuck!

I sat up, realizing that I’d never taken my jeans off. Cum coated my limp dick and the hair surrounding it. I inhaled deeply, filling my lungs with the unmistakable smell of sex. I left the bed and walked to the dresser, lifting my shirt. The belt Audra had wrapped around me seemed to be holding up. There was no sign of blood. I was doing up my zipper when she emerged from the bathroom. She went directly to a stack of clothes I hadn’t noticed before.
“How did you find me, Hawk?”

She was pulling up her cut offs. 

“It wasn’t hard. The clerk at the grocery store.”

“Oh.” She slipped her shirt over her head. 

She wore no under things, just a pair of shorts that revealed more than they probably should have, and a thin tee. The thought crossed my mind that we should pick up some clothes for her while we were in town. “Just so you know the people here feel like they owe us. We’re on friendly terms and help the community.”

“In case I try to run again?” Audra asked with a smile.

I shrugged. “Save you the trouble. Besides, you’re safer if you stay with us.”

“Do I have your word that you won’t turn me over to Dane or any of his men?”

Her comment pissed me off. “Look, I told you, as soon as we sort out shit at what’s going on, we’ll let you go.”

Audra’s light laughter caught me off guard. “You mean once you find out that I’m not a threat to your club. I’m not stupid, Hawk.” 

“No, you’re just sexy as fuck and I want to keep you around a little longer.” I dug into my pocket for some money, peeled off a couple of hundreds, and put them on the dresser top. “That should cover the ruined sheets and robe. You ready?”

She nodded. “It doesn’t take me long.”

“Come on. We’ll stop and pick you up a few things before we head back.” I opened the bedroom door and entered the kitchen, my brows shooting up when I saw Miss Minnie sitting at the small table with her arms crossed and looking like a mad mother hen.

“Well, now. Bout time you two came out,” she said, getting to her feet. She glanced past me at Audra. “Is he the trouble you’re running from? Because if he is, I’ll tell you right now, Jed Bodine,” Her gaze snapped back to me, “You’re not taking her with you.”

I winced at the sound of my real name. There weren’t many who had the guts, but I’d known Miss Minnie since I was a kid, had grown up two houses down from hers until I joined the club and moved out to the club house. Christ, the woman had babysat me on more than one occasion. 

“Relax, Miss Minnie, Audra wants to come with me.” Audra moved up next to me. “Don’t ya, baby.”
Miss Minnie’s doubtful eyes focused back on Audra. I knew the old bird would remain stubborn until she was convinced that I wasn’t stealing Audra for my own devious means. 

“It’s okay, Miss Minnie,” Audra finally spoke up, amusement clearly in her tone. “Jed isn’t the one I was running from.” My gaze swung to hers when she said my name. Her smile grew. “He’s actually my savior.”

Among other things.

Miss Minnie raised a brow, obviously not sure if she wanted to believe what she was hearing. After going back and forth between me and Audra, and ultimately coming to a conclusion, a smile finally broke out on her mouth. “Well, okay then. I guess you’re off the hook. Sit down and I’ll fix you some breakfast.” She turned, opened a cupboard next to the stove, and pulled out a fry pan.

“No thank you.” I grabbed Audra’s hand.

“Maybe next time?” Audra suggested as I pulled her past the old lady. 

“Well—” I saw surprise register on her face out of the corner of my eye. “Are you sure?”

“Thank you for your kindness, Aunt Minnie,” Audra said as we rushed from the house. “It was nice meeting you.”

Aunt Minnie’s, “Likewise, dear,” faded away as we closed the door and rushed down the steps.

I mounted my bike and waited for Audra to climb on behind me. Once her arms were wrapped around my waist I revved the engine, peeled out of the driveway, and headed toward the second-hand store down the street. I knew they had clothes because some of the club girls bought their stuff from there, boasting that some of the items had never been worn. Five minutes later I was pulling up in front of ‘Yesterday’s Goods’ and kicking down the kickstand.

“Come on, babe. Let’s find you some clothes.”

“I don’t have money—”

I shot her a shut the fuck up look and pushed her in ahead of me with a hand at her back. I’d been in the store a couple of times, but not for clothes. Being over six and a half feet tall limited my options when it came to clothes shopping. A quick scan showed me several racks at the back of the store, next to a door with a sign on it that said “changing room”. I directed Audra there.

“Hawk! Baby!” Before I had a chance to turn around I felt arms come around me from behind. “I thought that was your big sexy ass! It’s me, Dizzy.”

I reached down, peeled her hands apart, turned, and crossed my arms. Most people would have taken that to mean you “leave me the fuck alone”. The face was only slightly familiar to me, her name sure as hell wasn’t. If I’d fucked around with her she hadn’t made an impression. My expression must have revealed that I couldn’t place her because her bottom lip came out in a pout that I’m sure she thought was sexy. The chick even bat her long, fake eyelashes. 

“You don’t remember me?” She put her hand on my arm. “Two Saturday nights ago at the club, during open house?”

 Open house only occurred four times a year, once a quarter. It was when we opened our clubhouse in the back to a few select girls to party with us. A lot of fucked-up shit happened during open house. Booze, weed, and free pussy were in abundance.  I raised my brows. “Sorry.”

Her gaze ran over me, as if sizing me up. “Maybe you need a refresher, baby. And this time fuck me while facing me.” She laughed, and I knew that she was lying. She might have given me a blowjob, but I hadn’t fucked her. She’d probably been too drunk, high, or both, to remember.

“Must have been another brother,” I said with finality. Audra was the first woman I’d fucked in a long time. I glanced at her where she was thumbing through clothes and pretending that she couldn’t hear us talking. She already had a couple of things draped over her arm. 

Dizzy noticed where I was looking, and like most bitches, wanting to keep a man’s attention, she did what she had to get it back. She purposely stepped between me and Audra, breaking my direct line of contact to look down at her. 

“Oh, that’s right. Now I remember,” she gushed, realizing she’d been caught. “I only sucked you off.”

I lost patience. “Are you stupid?”

She blinked several times, her expression confused. “Excuse me?”

“Are you stupid? Because you can clearly see that I’m here with someone. The kind of shit coming out of your fucking mouth is the trouble making kind.” 

Her jaw dropped and her face turned red. “I— I thought she was just one of the club girls.” She stepped back. “I didn’t know you had an old lady, Hawk.” I didn’t bother correcting her. “I’m sorry!” 

“You got anything else stupid you want to say?” She shook her head. “Then get the fuck away from me.”

I heard Audra’s snicker as Dizzy dashed off. “You’re so mean, Hawk. Especially to someone who sucked you off.” She pulled a pair of jeans off a hanger and added them to the clothes hanging over her arm, turning to me with humor dancing in her eyes. “Was she good?”

I ignored her question. “You gonna try those on?”
“They’re my size. No underwear, though. I draw the line at wearing someone’s hand-me-downs.”

“You don’t need underwear.” Something caught my eye, something that wasn’t t-shirt or jean material. I reached for it. The silky fabric slid easily from Audra’s pile. It was a little black dress made out of the same slinky shit the club girls wore. It looked small but I knew spandex stretched, outlining a woman’s every curve. “Planning on going to a party?”

Audra shrugged. “You never know. I might get tired of jeans and t-shirts.”

“I think you should try it on first.” I wanted to be the first one to see her in it. She opened her mouth to protest, I could tell, and then closed it again, after thinking better of it. 

She threw the stack in her arms toward me and ripped the dress out of my hands. “Fine.” 

I watched her ass swing back and forth as she made her way to the changing room. After a few minutes I heard, “Maybe I better forego the dress.”

“Let me see it.”

“Um, I don’t think so.”

“Audra—”

“Jed—” she mimicked, pissing me off for using my real name.

With an irritated sigh I took the doorknob in my hands. It was locked, but it was cheap and a sharp twist later I was opening the door. My gaze took in the woman before me, the sexiest fucking thing I’d seen in a long time. The dress looked like it was poured over her curves, outlining every mouth-watering morsel, so fucking tight that it outlined her flat nipples and the indentation of her belly button, and short enough to promise a peak of pussy and ass if she moved the wrong way. I liked the rounded neckline, which was low enough to show off plenty of cleavage and tits. With her wild red hair and bright green eyes she looked like a fucking goddess.

My dick instantly got hard. “Get it,” I ordered. “I’ll meet you at the register.”

I was going to fuck her raw in that dress the first chance I got.

Ten minutes later we were on my bike and on our way back to the club.




Chapter 18

Audra

I held on tight to Hawk enjoying the wind against me as we raced out of town. The look on his chiseled face when he’d seen me in that dress for the first time would stay with me for a long time. It was more than a man showing his approval. His eyes had been worshiping, making me feel wanted, and that was something for Hawk, who fought to keep his feelings in check. For a brief minute, as he’d just stared at me, he’d wanted me. 

And not just for sex.

I wasn’t sure why I felt giddy. It wasn’t as if we had a chance for a future together. My future looked grim anyway. Dane would never give up looking for me, and even if he did, I’d never know it, because I knew that I was going to live out the rest of my life hiding in fear. Unless this wild and dangerous thing between Hawk and me turned into something more. Was I foolish for even thinking it? Probably. Hawk definitely had demons inside, and I feared that he’d been living with them for so long that he was lost.

 “Hold on!”

What? I was holding on, but when the bike shot forward at an unbelievable rush of speed I felt a second of panic when my body jolted backwards. I instantly tightened my arms around Hawk with a curse. What the hell?

“We’re being followed!” he yelled above the noise of the bike, taking a turn in the road at a sharp angle that had my heart racing. 

When we straightened I looked back. We were being followed by a black SUV, and they were accelerating to catch up to us. My eyes rounded with disbelief when I realized that if they continued at the speed that they were going, they were going to hit us. I swallowed my instinct to scream and buried my face against Hawk’s shoulder, waiting for contact. Just as I prepared for impact the motorcycle shot forward at an incredible speed.

I screamed when a shot rang out and hit the motorcycle somewhere in the front of Hawk. He cursed and fought to control his bike as it wobbled back and forth violently. I was sure that we were going to tumble, but he gained control and managed to stay on the road. The layout of the winding road wasn’t conducive to high speeds, yet Hawk gunned his engine and we shot forward once again. I clung to him, waiting in fear for the next sound of gun shots. As we took a particularly sharp turn, I glanced behind us to see that the SUV was still following. 

Surely we’d reach his clubhouse, and help, soon? It had taken me hours to reach town the day before, but I hadn’t thought it was this far. We passed the intersection I’d come across and kept going in a different direction. That’s when I realized that Hawk wouldn’t bring trouble to his club. I couldn’t blame him for that, even while it left us in a dangerous situation. As we crested a hill, hope came when I saw several bikers waiting for us at the bottom. Familiar faces that, as we got closer, confirmed they were Hawk’s men. The hand gesture he gave them sent his men into instant action.

Several shots rang out in rapid succession. I expected to feel the bite of a bullet at any second, surprised when Hawk dropped his speed. My heart was racing as I buried my face against his shoulder, closing my eyes and praying that we made it through this, whatever this was. I willed myself somewhere else, but the sound of more gunfire and a crashing vehicle kept me in the present.

Then there was utter chaos.

I was afraid to look, afraid to release my death grip on Hawk. I felt him go through the motions of shutting his bike off and kicking down the stand, afraid of what that would mean. Before I was ready I felt Hawk pull away as he dismounted. Forced to face the situation, I reluctantly glanced at the activity going on, terrified of what I would see, of what the outcome would be, because I knew it wasn’t going to end well.

The SUV had crashed through a fence and into a tree. I saw Big John waving his gun, screaming at the driver to get out of the vehicle. The man appeared stunned, and there was blood running down the side of his face. Hawk’s men had closed in around the SUV with their weapons drawn, looking eager to kill. I was mesmerized by the speed in which Hawk moved toward the van. He didn’t wait for the driver to get out. He ripped the door open and reached inside for him. In the same heartbeat he curled his hand in the guy’s shirt, and punched him in the face several times as he dragged him out to the ground. 

“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Another man exited the SUV from the passenger side, throwing down a gun before raising his arms up in surrender. “Hold up there, man! Let’s work this out! We have no problems with Phantom Riders.” Keg, Painter, and Clay closed in on the guy, keeping their guns on him.

“I have a fucking problem with someone who tries to run me down,” Hawk snarled, hitting the driver one more time before letting his limp body hit the ground. He then turned and headed toward the second man with a murderous look in his eyes. “I have a problem when someone takes a fucking shot at me!”

“An accident,” the passenger explained quickly. “The driver got a little carried away.”

“Bullshit!”  Hawk backed the guy, who was still holding his hands in the air, against the SUV. “You’ve been on my tail since I left town. Who do you work for so I’ll know who to notify after I fucking kill you?” 

The man’s eyes bugged out. “No one I swear! My business card is in my top pocket.” 

Hawk dug it out, read it over, and then threw it in the man’s face. “Fucking bounty hunters,” he sneered, getting in the man’s face. I caught my breath at what that could mean. “Who’s paying you?”

“Some big spender in Vegas.” He motioned toward me with a nod. “He wants her, man, we’re not here to kill anyone.”

Dane. My heart sank. I met Hawk’s gaze, wondering if my time was running out. Surely he’d get tired of having to deal with a bad situation that’s not of his making. 

“You should have remembered that before you started shooting.” Hawk put his arm across the man’s neck and applied pressure until his face turned red. The driver began moaning, and Hawk shot Big John a look that spoke volumes, before turning back. “How did you find her?” His question went unanswered. “Fucking tell me,” he gritted into the man’s face.

He opened his mouth as if to speak. Hawk eased up a little so he could draw in air. What he didn’t see was the man’s hand slowly moving to something beneath his jacket. “A mutual friend saw her with you.” 

Hawk’s brows furrowed, as if considering whom that could be, and I could tell the second that he figured it out. Grim resignation was evident in his expression and in the way his jaw clenched and his mouth tightened. 

Movement brought my gaze back to the man’s hand, which was slowly sliding out from beneath his coat. I opened my mouth to warn Hawk about the knife but never got the chance. In a move faster than the blink of an eye, Hawk wrapped his hand around the man’s wrist and brought his arm up, causing him to bury the knife in his own gut.

I gasped loudly. Several heads swung my way before returning to the wounded man. His expression was one of surprise and shock, his eyes bulging. Hawk stepped back, allowing him to slowly slink to the ground. It didn’t take long for blood to start pooling on the ground, a valuable life-source we all needed to survive. As I watched the color drain from his face, I knew that I was watching his life slip away.

I said a silent prayer. Not for the man. No. For the fact that we were on a quiet country road. It was an insane thought. It was an insane situation. How had my world of peace and normalcy been twisted into this nightmare so easily? Oh yeah, my normal life had also included murder.

Only in this case it felt more like self-defense. 

Hawk locked eyes on Big John. “Take care of the fucking clean-up. I’m taking Audra to my house and will meet you back at the club later.” Big John acknowledged him with a nod, and holstered his gun. 
He turned and began walking my way. I got the impression that Hawk was looking me over carefully and deciding for himself how I was holding up. I thought I wasn’t doing half bad, considering I wanted to throw up. 

“So, they, ah, didn’t mean to kill me?” 

He didn’t even try to sugarcoat it. “Baby, they might have been paid to bring you back alive, but the way they were going about it, you would have been lucky to leave this road alive.” He mounted his bike easily and within seconds it was rumbling beneath us.

“Do you know who the mutual friend is?” I wrapped my arms around him.

He turned his head slightly so I could hear him. “I have an idea.” 

“The man—”

“We’ll talk when we get to my house.” With that Hawk took off, leaving behind the madness.

I didn’t want to know what ‘clean-up’ meant, although I had a pretty good idea. They couldn’t afford to leave the SUV and those men behind for just anyone to find. An investigation could lead right back to them. That was obvious. I wondered how much money Dane was offering for me. The fact that people were putting their own lives at risk told me that it was probably a lot.

I wasn’t sure why I felt tears fill my eyes. Maybe because I’d thought that my future was all mapped out, that Dane and I would have married some day and had children. I’d felt secure in our relationship, but it was clear as more time went on that love, true love, had not been a part of it. We’d grown too familiar with one another, too comfortable. When people got comfortable in their lives the last thing they wanted was change. If Dane had truly loved me he wouldn’t have reacted to my seeing him kill someone like he had. He might have been less physical and tried to persuade me with patience.

Hawk brought a whole new element to my life. He wasn’t the kind of man I would have ever thought I’d get involved with. Dark, moody, extremely dangerous and so filled with anger that my heart went out to him. I knew that was going to be my downfall, because Hawk didn’t express emotion. He liked action, without thinking, without feeling. Even when we fucked he held something back, much more than kissing.

The intense passion between us had come fast, almost in the instant that we’d looked into each other’s eyes. I shouldn’t have given in to it so soon, but nothing could have stopped me. Physical attraction and submission wasn’t always about what you felt in your heart. You could love someone and still want another. Giving myself to Hawk would never be a mistake.

He made me feel alive.

Protected.
I didn’t know where his home was, didn’t even know he had one, but we’d long ago left the paved road for a dirt one, and a one-way at that. Not until we reached a fairly small cabin did I realize that we’d really been on his driveway. The log home was built within a cluster of tall pine trees, next to a rocky stream, small and intimate, and the epitome of peace and isolation. The air even seemed crisper and cleaner there. Once Hawk turned off his bike we were surrounded by the sounds of nature.

“This is your home?” I dismounted with his help.

“Yep.” I followed him up the porch steps. “It’s not much, but it’s enough for me.”

“I love it,” I said softly, taking in the interior as I walked through the doorway. It suited Hawk. Manly, open floor plan, furnished with just the necessities, nothing on the rough log walls. “You don’t spend much time here.” It was a little dusty.

“No reason to,” he said, walking to a window at the back wall and pulling the heavy drapes open. “You’ll be safe here.” He turned back to me.

“You’re going to leave me here?” 

“It’s for the best, baby. You won’t be alone. One of the prospects will be here at all times.”

“Why are you doing this? I’m nothing to you but trouble. I should just leave so you can get back to whatever it is that you and your club do.”

Hawk actually grinned at that. “Our club protects those who need it, especially women and children. The second you put your ass on my bike you became my business.”

“I’m putting your club in danger,” I insisted. He shrugged. “But you don’t even like me, Hawk.”

He stepped forward. “Baby, I want you, I don’t have to like you.” God, they shouldn’t have, but his words made me weak in the knees. Hawk’s kind of want was hot and all-consuming. “You saw your ex off someone. The knowledge of who he killed will give us leverage.”

Yeah, but how did he expect to find out who Dane had killed when I didn’t even know myself?  “So, who do you think is the mutual friend that told Dane where to find me?”

His expression hardened. “Covacks, the man who freaked you out at the clubhouse. The way he was looking at you warned me that he thought he recognized you from somewhere. He must have figured out where after he left, and called Dane.” He palmed my cheek. “He and your ex are partners.”

“But you do business with him, too.”

“He pays us for protection. Not the same kind of partnership,” he smirked. “I don’t think Covacks called your fucking ex with the intention of telling him where you are, that’s not his style.”

“Then why?”

“He was probably curious as to why the girlfriend of his business partner was in the company of an MC, not realizing that your ex is after you.”

That made sense, if it had happened that way. I had to trust Hawk, though, he knew Covacks and he knew what he was doing. Then a thought occurred to me. What if Dane decided to hire Phantom Riders to kill me? He had enough money to tempt them. 

“What’s wrong?” 

I guess the worry showed on my face. Shrugging, I said, “I was just wondering how much money it would take for you to change sides.” It was the wrong thing to say. I realized that immediately. Hawk’s face darkened with anger, lighting a spark in his eyes. “Well, it’s only natural that I think like that. I thought Dane loved me, and yet he didn’t hesitate to beat me after I saw him murder that man. You and I are nothing to each other, even more reason for you to turn me in if there’s enough money involved.”

I walked to the window he’d just pulled the curtains back to and crossed my arms. Hawk’s house was located on a hill-top. The view of the forest and distant hills was breathtaking. Comparing Dane and Hawk was like comparing rust to gold, and yet both men were alike in one thing. The thought made me snort. “Dane liked fucking me, too.”

“Don’t compare me to your fucking ex,” Hawk snarled behind me, and then he must have made a phone call because the next thing I heard was, “Send Popcorn out here. I want a prospect on Audra until this shit ends.”

I heard footsteps, and then the door open and close. I spun around and rushed to it, thinking that Hawk was leaving, just like that, but he just went to his bike to get the clothes we’d purchased in town. When he came back in he thrust the bag into my arms. 

“The bedrooms are upstairs. Take your pick. Make yourself to home.” I just stood there for a minute, feeling lost. “Make a list of what you want to eat and I’ll get it for you.” 

“When will you be back?”

“I don’t know, probably later tonight. I’m used to sleeping at the clubhouse for convenience.” Was that his way of warning me that he might not come back? I didn’t relish the idea of staying alone out in the middle of nowhere with someone I didn’t know. 

“Is there a phone here that I can use?” I was thinking about Carol and how I could at least talk to her, explain what was going on. It would feel so good being able to connect with someone I loved and knew cared about me. 

Hawk was shaking his head no before I even finished getting the words out. “Too dangerous. Popcorn will have a phone, but I don’t want you on it.”

Hawk put a pen and pad down on the harvest table against the wall. His eyes met mine. “Anything you want, baby.”

“Are you keeping tabs on what I owe you?” I smiled, making my way to the table, dropping my bag of clothes on a chair on the way by. 

“Let’s worry about payment later.”

“What if I don’t have enough money to pay you back?”

“Then I’ll take it out on your pretty ass.”

The unusual amusement in his eyes warmed me. Then the sound of a motorcycle coming our way turned things serious again. Hawk turned and went back outside as Popcorn came closer to the cabin. How was a man with the name of Popcorn supposed to protect me? Chuckling quietly, I quickly composed a short list of the items I wanted, going on the assumption that Hawk didn’t have anything. 

Everything I listed was practical, and I was about to fold the list to give to Hawk when I decided on a last minute item. He’d said anything I wanted, so I added a bottle of Arbor Mist Strawberry White Zinfandel. It was a cheap, girly wine, and I couldn’t help smiling when I pictured the huge, dangerous biker walking around with it in the store. He probably wouldn’t even get it for me.

I hurried up and folded the list when I heard the door open again.




Chapter 19

Hawk

I was glad to get back to the clubhouse. I had to distance myself from Audra and those fucking green eyes of hers. They were eyes that could look into a man’s soul and figure shit out. I didn’t need her figuring things out. Craving her delectable body was becoming a habit, the kind that was hard to break. It had been hell leaving her with Popcorn, when what I’d really wanted to do was take her up to bed and fuck her until she couldn’t walk. The shit that had gone down on the road was still simmering in my blood, it was nothing Sid couldn’t take care of with a quick blowjob, but I wanted to pound something.

I didn’t want Sid.

I didn’t want any of the club girls.

I slammed a fist down on the table, the urge to fight stronger than ever. A trip to Last Hope might have been what I needed, but in my present mood I’d probably kill anyone who was stupid enough to get in the ring with me. A good fight always cleared my head for what I needed to do, while working out the fucking violent behavior I couldn’t seem to control. Not that I really wanted to. I was the fucking president of an outlaw MC, not a pussy.

“You want to take a trip to Last Hope, brother?”

It didn’t surprise me that my VP knew the turmoil I was feeling, and the solution. I grunted at his suggestion. “Maybe when this is all over.” This, meaning the shit with Audra, the shit with Covacks, and the shit with the Blue Knights.

“Well, at least we know Covacks tipped off Audra’s ex that she was here.”

Yeah, it had been exactly as I’d thought. He didn’t know about the situation with Audra and Dane, and I didn’t enlighten him when I called him. All Covacks knew was that Audra was Dane’s girlfriend, and he’d expressed surprise to Dane that he’d seen her with us. I was fucking sure it wasn’t as innocent as Covacks insisted, the man had a reason for everything that he did, but there was nothing I could do about it. The damage had been done. 

I scowled, thinking about those assholes on the road and wondering how many more would be showing up, hoping to make easy money. “Fucking mess, brother. Whoever Dane murdered, he’s worried about it if he’s going to this extreme to get his girl back. She could have been killed during that chase.”

“Yeah, a woman he’s supposed to love,” Rock added. 
I shrugged at that, doubting love had anything to do with the relationship between Audra and Dane Winthrop. She was beautiful and fucking hot. Any man would like that kind of arm candy. 
Christ, I was getting hard just sitting there thinking about her.

“You’re hooked, brother. Face it. Never thought I’d see the day.”

I glared at Rock and his stupid as fuck grin. He was lucky we weren’t in church, because then I’d be forced to knock him on his ass. His comment, too close to the truth, didn’t diminish my erection. Nothing was going to do that until I was buried balls deep in the woman in question. Fucking hell…I had to add getting rid of Audra as soon as possible to our growing list of shit that needed to be handled. I didn’t want, or need, her.

Okay, want-yes. Need-fuck no.

As I was still glaring at Rock, he tried to wipe the grin off his face, failed at it, and finally said, “You want to deal with Dirk now?”

“Now is as good a time as any.” We got to our feet because Dirk was in the cellar, where they used to do embalming when the place was a funeral home in the 1800’s, before it was purchased around the turn of the century and turned into a farm. Some of the old embalming equipment, the tables, sinks, and tubs came in handy for interrogation and clean up.

Jumper was at the foot of the stairs, keeping watch in front of the door where Dirk was being kept. “Big John in there?” I asked.

“Yep.”  He got to his feet. “Hasn’t changed his story, Prez, says his club isn’t involved.” 

That was still up for debate. Either he was the worst MC president out there and didn’t know shit about what his crew was up to, or someone was going to extremes to set his club up. The question was, why? I opened the door, taking in the scene before me. Big John was circling Dirk, who was tied to a chair in the center of the room. It was clear he’d taken a few punches to the face, he was bloody and swollen. 

I walked further into the room, grabbed a chair, and positioned it directly in front of Dirk before straddling it with the back to my front. Big John ceased his pacing and joined Rock and Jumper where they were leaning against the wall next to the door. I took a deep breath, meeting Dirk’s eyes. In spite of his injuries he was aware enough to know what was going on. 

I knew Big John had filled him in on why he was there. I exhaled a deep breath. “Talk.” 

He began to shake his head. “I don’t know what you want, man. I’m not fucking admitting to something we didn’t do.” His tone was weary. “We had nothing to do with offing Covacks’ son, and we didn’t shoot up your bar. Someone is out there to get us,” he insisted.

“Why?” I asked. “If someone wanted to take out a club why would they focus on a new one like yours? Why not an MC that’s been around for a while and has caused a lot more trouble?” 
“I don’t know,” he said, sounding perplexed. “Fuck, if I knew I’d do something to change it if I could. This isn’t why we became a club.”

I wondered about that. I hadn’t paid attention to the Blue Knights until they were suddenly thrust on our radar. Fox’s research had revealed that they gave off the appearance of being big and bad to the locals, but in reality they were fucking pussies. They were not even on the same level as an outlaw club, or showing signs they were heading in that direction. They mostly just rode around, and hung out at a few local bars, a bunch of rich boys who didn’t have to sweat or work at building their club.

“Where the fuck are your crew?” Dirk stared up at me. “They should be out front, demanding your release, fighting to get you back. Big John said he grabbed you at a table you and your boys were sitting at, yet they didn’t even protest.”

He blinked rapidly as the blood ran down into his eyes. I turned to my brothers. “Someone get a rag and clean his face up.” Jumper grabbed a crusty rag next to the sink and ran it beneath the water. I waited for him to run it over Dirk’s face before continuing. “You know what I think? I think you’re right, that someone is using your club to take the fall for some serious shit. But because Blue Knights are weak and don’t know what they’re doing, you don’t have the means or smarts to get yourself out of trouble. Your club is being manipulated.”

I could see it in his eyes, he was digesting what I said, thinking about it, slowly drawing the same conclusion, albeit reluctantly. He didn’t want to believe what his ears were hearing, but he was smart enough to know the truth when it was staring him in the face. He kept swearing his innocence, so this was the only thing that made sense.

“Are you fucking sure none of your club is involved?”

Dirk shook his head dejectedly. “Pretty fucking sure, man. We started the club just for something to do and to get the girls, you know?” He hesitated, as if he didn’t want to finish. “It’s a hobby, man.”

A hobby? I glanced at my brothers, who were smiling and shaking their heads with disgust. A fucking hobby, funny if shit wasn’t real. Something in his tone told me that he was speaking the truth though, and he was looking at me head on. I thought for a minute, trying to put the facts together in the sequence they’d occurred, deciding that church would be a better place for that. 

I looked directly into Dirk’s eyes. “You a smart man, Dirk?” He nodded. “I really fucking hope so. Because I want you and your club to stop wearing your cuts and lose the bikes.”  I held up my hand in warning when he opened his to protest. “If this really is just a fucking hobby then you’ll listen, because this isn’t a fad for us. This is our way of life. So I’m making a strong suggestion that you boys go back to civilian life for a while.”

“Won’t that make us look like pussies?”

Big John spoke up from the sidelines, drawing Dirk’s gaze and saying what we were all thinking. “You are pussies. At least this way you have a chance of staying alive.”

Dirk looked to me for confirmation. “He’s right. There’s no fucking way you guys can handle what’s coming your way. You’re not tough enough, and you sure as hell don’t have the experience.”

“Why are you helping us?” he asked.

I shook my head. “We’re not helping you, we’re helping ourselves. With Blue Knights out of the way, you’re one less obstacle we have to deal with.”

“You believe what I’ve been telling you? That we didn’t do those things?”

“If I didn’t, you and your members would all be dead by now.” Even through the bruises and blood on his face I could see the color drain from him. “Don’t talk to anyone about any of this, tell your men the same thing.”

“Someone mentions the name Blue Knights to you, you act stupid and say, who?” Rock added. 

Dirk digested everything being thrown his way and nodded in obvious defeat. Good. The man wanted to stay alive, and having him and his club off the streets would benefit us all. The fucking thoughts I had about what I thought was going on left a sour taste in my mouth. I wanted a drink and I wanted to hole up in the meeting room with my brothers so that we could discuss it. I turned, meeting Big John’s eyes.

“Release him, and then come to the meeting room.”

“Church?” Jumper asked with raised brows.

I nodded and continued through the doorway and up the stairs. 

“You know something,” Rock commented, walking up the stairs behind me.

“I think I figured out some shit,” I admitted. “Call in the brothers.”

Fifteen minutes later we were all seated around the member’s table in the meeting room. I had to give my brothers credit, when I needed them they dropped whatever the fuck they were doing and came. They were aware of the chaos running through the club and were just as fucking eager as I was to end it. They needed to know what had gone down in the cellar.

“Just had a meeting with the Blue Knights prez.” Several of them laughed, because they knew what kind of meetings went on down in the basement. “Dirk swears Blue Knights are being set up. My gut tells me he’s telling the truth.”

“You believe him?” Keg snorted with cynicism. “I wouldn’t believe what any of those fuckers had to say.”

I glared at him, as did some of the other brothers. He’d come damn close to disrespecting me. “Watch yourself, brother.” He sat back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Blue Knights are going to disperse for a while.”

“Won’t that make them look guilty?”Bullet asked.

“Probably, but I wanted them out of the way.”

“What about the club? If it wasn’t them, who the fuck was it?” 

I didn’t blame Bullet for being angry, and looking at the faces in the room, I knew that the rest of my brothers were pissed, too. 

“You don’t shoot up another club and then get to disperse!” Keg snarled. “Or are you saying they weren’t responsible for that too?”

“I don’t know about the rest of you, but I could give a fuck who killed Covacks’ son. But when it comes to our club—” 

Ned cut Jumper off. “Are we pussies?”

“Phantom Riders aren’t pussies!” Clay grumbled, slamming his fist down on the table.

“We all feel the same fucking way when it comes to our club!” Rock bellowed, his words stopping the angry comments going around the room. “Settle down!”

The silence was deafening as all eyes turned my way. “We fucking done?” I growled, letting them know that I didn’t like the bullshit comments. Their expressions said that they weren’t happy, but they clamped their mouths closed, fists resting on the table. The club had been attacked and they wanted blood. “I want retribution, too, brothers, but from the right people.”

“Then who do you think we’re looking for?” Clay asked.

“It came to me while talking to Dirk. I believe whoever burned Dominick’s body and shot up our club are the same fuckers, and that they were wearing Blue Knights colors to set the blame on them. I think they were hoping we’d destroy Blue Knights, preventing any more inquires about Dominick’s murder.”

“Holy shit,” the expletive came from Big John. “That fucking works, Prez.”

“So who do you think killed Dominick?” Keg asked with defiance still stamped on his face.

“I have an idea about that, too. But I need Audra here. I’ll have Fox pull up some pictures of Covacks’ son for her to look at.”

“You think her ex killed him?” Painter asked with raised brows. “No wonder he’s after her. He wants to make sure she doesn’t get a chance to tell anyone who she saw him end.”

“Holy fucking shit!” Rock exploded. “Covacks’ own partner killed his son. It makes sense, brothers.”

“Covacks will cut him up into little pieces.” Snake’s laughter was contagious, causing some of the brothers to join in. “It’s obvious he doesn’t suspect Winthrop.”

“Why should he? Who’d be stupid enough to fucking off their partner’s son?” Ned commented.

“If,” and I stressed it, “that’s how this shit went down, brothers. Right now it’s speculation.”

“Sounds fucking good to me,” Big John said, nodding his head. 

“I have a problem with it.” This came from Clay. All eyes turned to him. “Someone wanted us to see Blue Knights’s colors leaving that fire. How did they fucking know that we were going to be on that road at that time?”

And there it was. 

I grinned inwardly. Clay had said what had been at the back of my mind all along. I hadn’t voiced it for obvious reasons, I didn’t want to fucking think that we had a traitor among us, someone working the other side. I didn’t believe in fucking coincidences and coming up on that fire at just the right time was a fucking big one. 

I looked around the room to see how my brothers were taking in Clay’s comments. No one looked guilty or nervous, but they were good at hiding what they were feeling. I could fucking imagine what was going through their minds, yet the eyes that turned my way were filled with honest, righteous anger. 

“Coincidence?” BK offered, but no one believed it. His tone reflected that he didn’t believe it either.

“We have a fucking mole!” Keg shouted, pounding the table with his fist. 

That outburst stirred up trouble. Chaos erupted around the table as brothers grumbled with anger and disbelief. I let them get it out. I had no doubts that each and every one of them would have eventually come up with the same fucking question Clay had, given enough time. The fact that Clay had been present that day had only speeded up his train of thought. Eventually the noise died down, but I could tell that my brothers were feeling murderous thoughts at just the suggestion of a spy in the club. It wouldn’t be the first time.

Sonya’s betrayal had to be at the front of their minds, but I knew they wouldn’t say anything. 

“A fucking spy!” Big John growled, his face red around tightly drawn lips. “Any ideas who?”

I shrugged. “Could be any one of you,” I snapped, giving each brother a hard, individual look. They showed their dislike of my including them on the list, but I didn’t give a fuck. “Your old ladies, sweethearts, a sweetbutt. Too many know our shit, and that stops now if we want to weed the fucker out.” Heads nodded in agreement. “Keep your eyes open, brothers. He or she will be found out, and they’ll be dealt club punishment.”

“And if it’s another woman?” 

I glared at Painter, he glared right back. “We deal with all club traitors the same, brother.” I knew everyone at the table was recalling how Sonya had been dealt with. It was the one and only time I’d thanked fuck that she’d aborted my child before the brothers got their hands on her.

I thought about Audra. The woman had definitely gotten under my skin, and I wondered how long I could keep pretending that she hadn’t. I wasn’t in love with her, as I’d been with Sonya, and yet there was something just as deep. For such a small thing she had spirit and a sense of humor that challenged me, and made me want her. 

I turned toward Fox. “Pull up pictures of Dominick. I’ll have Popcorn bring Audra in.” 

“I’ll go meet them on the road for backup,” Keg said. He started to get up.

I shook my head, halting his progress, and looked at Big John. “Send a couple of prospects to meet them for backup.” He nodded, and I stood up. “Church is over for now, brothers. Keep your eyes open and your mouths shut when you’re getting your dicks wet.” 

I knew Rock had something to add when he didn’t stand with the others. I waited until everyone had filed out of the room and the door was closed, and then sat back down. We just looked at each other for a few seconds, two big alphas leaning back in their chairs with their arms crossed.

“You know who it is.” His flat statement didn’t surprise me, as he always seemed to know when I held something back. The other brothers may have suspected it, but I could count on Rock to be the one to question me. 

As my VP he deserved to know what I was thinking. Besides, knowing Rock, he’d already figured it out anyway. He was damned good at that shit. That, and because I trusted him, were the reasons that he was my second in command. I slowly nodded as he continued to wait for me to confirm it.

“Yeah.”

“Well?”




Chapter 20

Audra

Glancing out the window at Popcorn, my protector, I felt like I was someone special, someone who was important enough to be guarded, when I was really no one. Just a woman causing trouble for a motorcycle club because my ex wanted me back, so much so that he was willing to pay. I was terrified inside, because I knew that what awaited me wouldn’t be pleasant. Sure, I’d seen Dane kill a man, but I didn’t know who he’d killed, and after his threat he should have known that I wouldn’t go to the authorities. I just wanted to get away from him and be left alone.

It was the coward thing to do, but how could I stand up against someone with the money and power that he had?

My mind drifted back to the day that had changed my life, had shown me what I really meant to a man who, until then, had taken care of me, and had almost worshiped me. Watching him put that gun to the man’s forehead would be forever etched in my memory. The man hadn’t even shown any fear as he was held struggling between two of Dane’s men. Curses had erupted from his spitting mouth, his face red with rage. I couldn’t even recall what he’d said, mesmerized by how he’d spat obscenities and threats of revenge until the very end.

Had he thought Dane wouldn’t pull the trigger?

I closed my eyes, trying to forget the sight of Dane pulling the trigger, the sharp crack of noise, then watching the man’s head snap back with the force of the bullet ripping into his brain. He was released as blood and brain matter went splattering everywhere, staining the front of Dane’s slacks and pissing him off. That one incident, witnessing it, had sealed my fate. If only I’d managed to hold back my shocked reaction revealing that I was there and had witnessed it.

Popcorn was sitting on the porch steps, smoking a cigarette. He was young, maybe in his early twenties, and had told me that he’d been a prospect for almost a year. He was proud of the title, and had eagerly explained what being a prospect was. When I’d asked him questions about the club, he’d explained he couldn’t talk club shit and had clammed up. I’d received the same response when I began to question him about Hawk.

I wanted to know about Hawk. In spite of his dark, moody, ways. I couldn’t understand how I was attracted to him when he was the complete opposite of Dane. Hawk killed, too, but that wasn’t what I was talking about. I hadn’t seen him kill without provocation. There was something from his past, and I sensed that something was a woman who had turned him into a cold, unfeeling man. I was determined to break through those prison bars and release him.

I asked myself why.
I didn’t know.

One thing I didn’t have to release though was his sexual beast. The man made my toes curl. Everything he did was rough, raw, and intense, and I couldn’t get enough. He took without asking, demanded without giving much in return. Even now, as I thought about the huge muscle between his legs and how good it felt pounding into me, how it made me feel more alive than I’d ever felt, I was getting wet. Hawk said that he was only into sex for himself, but he was so wrong. The more we fucked, the more he gave me, and I knew that when the day came and he finally crossed that line and kissed me that he would be mine.

Completely.

Wait, what was I thinking? Since when had I wanted to own Hawk? I shook the notion from my head and turned away from the window. Coffee. I needed more. Hawk was going to bring me supplies later, but at least he’d had a few things to get by on, coffee being one. I went to the kitchen and refilled my cup, and then wondered if Popcorn would like a cup. Just as I turned to go out to ask him the door opened briskly and he walked in. I could tell by his expression that something was up.

“We need to get to the club,” he said in a no-nonsense tone.

“Trouble?” I tried not to let my mind delve into what kind, knowing that it couldn’t be good if I was being taken back to the club.

“Don’t know. Prez just said to get your ass back there.”

“I’m allowed to be on the back of your bike?” I recalled Hawk’s earlier warning about that.

Popcorn shrugged. “This is an exception. Backup will meet us on the way.”

Backup? I frowned, hoping that there wouldn’t be another confrontation on the road like there had been earlier. I set my cup down and flicked off the coffee maker, wondering what was going on. I was getting used to being on the back of a bike, but one thing became instantly clear after I wrapped my arms around Popcorn to hold on-he wasn’t Hawk. Not even close. Popcorn was thin and lanky without the rock hard abs Hawk had on his huge frame.

Sitting behind Hawk made me feel safe and turned me on.

Every time.

I figured we were halfway to the club when an on-coming motorcycle came into view. When he was close enough that I could make out that it was Keg I relaxed. As he neared us Popcorn slowed, and I wondered why until I realized that Keg was motioning him to do so. Thinking that he must have something to say, I was totally unprepared for the gun he pulled out and aimed at us. I felt Popcorn tense instantly, and my apprehension skyrocketed at what this could mean.

“What the fuck, Keg?”

Keg was shaking his head. “Sorry brother, nothing personal.” Without another word he fired his weapon and Popcorn flew sideways, taking the bike and me with him. 

I screamed when we hit the ground, finding myself pinned beneath the bike. Something warm and wet was falling on my shoulder and neck, and another scream escaped my lips when I realized that it was blood. I struggled to wiggle out from beneath the weight that was holding me down, but it was no use. When I glanced up to see Keg standing above me, my numbed brain couldn’t comprehend what had just happened. I was laying in dirt and rock, gasping for breath as he just stood there for what seemed like a hundred years. Why wasn’t he helping me?

And then a slow smile spread over his mouth, not quite reaching his eyes, and I knew I was in trouble. The thought crossed my mind that Keg was going to kill me then and there was nothing I could do about it. “What are you doing, Keg?” I managed to get out, still wiggling. I couldn’t help but think about Popcorn now. I knew that he was gone. I could feel his life draining from his body.

“Isn’t it obvious?” He reached down and easily lifted the bike off my body. “Taking care of business, baby.” Popcorn rolled away lifelessly as Keg hauled me roughly to my feet.

“I don’t understand,” I said, still unwilling to believe what was going through my mind. “Was Popcorn going to hurt me?” 

Keg’s laughter erupted, stunning me because there was little humor in it. “You stupid bitch! You’re the fucking problem.”

What?

I swallowed nervously and tried to pull away. He slapped me hard across the face. “Hawk will kill you for this!” It was the only thing I could think to say. 

“He’ll have to find me first. With the money I’m gonna get for you I can afford to buy a fucking island to hide out on.” His sneer was said against my ear as he twisted me around and wrapped his arms around me. “He wasn’t even smart enough to figure out I’d fucking switched to the other side.” 

My heart sank with dread. I knew what that meant without having to ask. I flung my head back, hitting him as hard as I could in the face. I’d seen it work in the movies and I was desperate. A snarl escaped him, but he didn’t turn me loose as I’d hoped. Instead he wrapped a hand in my hair and twisted, snapping my head back until I was nearly forced onto my toes. The stretch of my neck caused me to cry out.

“You bitch! I’m being paid to deliver you alive, but he didn’t say in what condition.” 
I ignored the threat in his tone. “Why?” There was nothing I could do as Keg forced me over to his bike. He was just too strong for me. He swung me around to face him, keeping my wrists clenched in one of his. He reached inside his saddlebag and pulled out a short piece of rope. 

Seeing that rope sent a new surge of fear through me. I jerked as hard as I could, gaining my freedom, but not for long. All Keg had to do was reach out and grab me by the back of my shirt. The sound of seams ripping sounded almost as loud as the gunshot had earlier, and my eyes widened when I felt my t-shirt pulling off my body. I knew I had a choice of giving in and salvaging what was left of my shirt or being left naked from the waist up.

Keg took the choice from me. With a grunt his hand came down on my shoulder like a clamp, jerking me around. Angry eyes glared down into mine, his mouth a straight white line across his face. 

“Keep this shit up and I’ll break your fucking arm,” he threatened. His gaze moved over the blood covering my neck and shoulder. When we returned to his bike he dug around for something in the saddle bag, withdrawing a wrinkled t-shirt. “Change.”

I wanted to resist but knew it would be useless. I snatched the shirt from Keg and swung around, ignoring his snicker at my attempt at modesty. The ruined shirt hit the ground and I quickly slipped the other one on before reluctantly turning to face him. I could see the lust in his eyes as he stepped up to me. I held my breath, but all he did was reach for the bloody shirt. He then draped it over the handlebar of Popcorn’s downed bike.

“Maybe Hawk will think that you’re dead,” he smiled cruelly.

“And believe that you just took my body?” I shot back sarcastically.

Keg shrugged. “He’ll think your ex wants to see proof that he doesn’t have to worry about you anymore.”

He seemed to have an answer to everything and I felt sick because it made sense, yet I was certain that Hawk was not that easy to fool. Keg’s mistake was in forgetting that Dane wanted me back alive, and Hawk knew it. I didn’t bother reminding him of that fact, though. “Fuck you, Keg!” I exploded, surprising myself as much as him at my outburst. I had nothing to lose.

His brow lifted high on his forehead. “I plan on it, baby. Here or later doesn’t fucking matter to me.” He grabbed the front of his pants crudely.

I made the mistake of glancing down. Oh, God! He had a hard-on. I didn’t know if his words were just meant to subdue me, or if he actually meant them, but his erection made the possibility all too real. Tears welled in my eyes, but I refused to let them fall. I wouldn’t give that small victory to the bastard. “Why, Keg?” I asked, struggling to remain calm and level-headed. 

He took my wrists in one of his hands. “Money, baby.” He looked into my eyes. “Freedom.” He wrapped the rope tightly around my wrists. “And fucking power.” He then had the nerve to wink.
“You know what Dane will do to me,” I said in a frantic tone, wincing at the tension of the rope. “He’ll beat me again, maybe even kill me, for running away.”

“Yeah, that sucks,” Keg admitted, picking me up and sitting me on his bike. “But I’ll get over it,” he chuckled. “Now put your arms over my head and around my waist so you can hold on.”

I thought about it for a second, looking down at my bound wrists. Could I club him in the back of the head hard enough to knock him out? Or do what he wanted, and then strangle him? I glanced over at Popcorn’s lifeless body. He hadn’t stood a chance, while I still had one. We weren’t that far from the club. Wouldn’t Hawk send someone else to see what was taking us so long to get there? 

“Don’t even think about it, unless you want to get to the fucking airport bruised and bleeding.”

Airport! I hadn’t been expecting that. Would Dane be there, or would I be put on one of his private jets and flown to Vegas, left alone to wonder what kind of reception would greet me. I shivered and slowly lifted my arms to do as Keg commanded. Maybe I’d have another opportunity to escape along the way. Airports meant there would be people present.

It wasn’t long before we were racing in the opposite direction from the clubhouse. When we hit the highway new hope for a rescue came as we merged into traffic. Surely someone would see that my hands were tied and call the police. But anytime another vehicle got close Keg reached down and covered my bound hands with one of his. I clenched my teeth and resolved myself to the situation, for now, anyway. When the time came I wouldn’t go down without a fight.

The only airports I knew of in Maine were Bangor and Portland. I doubted Keg was going to be taking me to either one. All my years of flying with Dane had prepared me to expect a small, privately owned airport somewhere. He kept several planes in various locations around the country, always at the ready in case he needed them. 

We couldn’t have been on the interstate for an hour when Keg took an exit, continuing at a speed that told me that he knew where he was going. Following several twisting, winding roads where there was nothing but trees on either side, we eventually turned down a smaller road only big enough for one vehicle at a time. Recalling the narrow stretch of Hawk’s driveway I assumed that we were on driveway that would end at a small airport. I was surprised when we pulled up in front of large house with a private air strip. 

There weren’t any vehicles present, yet the house looked lived in. I hadn’t known that Dane had a place in Maine, but then, there was a lot that I was just now learning about him. Keg turned off his bike and kicked down the stand. I lifted my arms without being told and sat back, taking in my surroundings. It was quiet, isolated, the perfect place to kill someone, and there were acres and acres of burial ground.

“Get off, and if you run you’ll be sorry.” His phone was ringing and he dug it out of his pocket after I dismounted.
As if I weren’t already sorry. Keg had to be crazy to think that I wasn’t going to try and escape, especially when no one else was around, and there were plenty of woods to get lost in. I watched him for a minute. His eyes were on me but I got the impression that he wasn’t really seeing me. He was too absorbed in a conversation that I didn’t even try to listen to. I was occupied with thoughts of getting away and nothing else. First I had to figure out how.

Keg released a deep sigh and pocketed his phone when he was done. I didn’t like the way his eyes were suddenly moving over me with purpose. “Looks like lover boy won’t be here for half an hour. I wonder what we can do to kill some time.” He reached forward and ran a hand over my breast. “Nice tits. I always thought Hawk was a lucky son-of-a-bitch, keeping you for himself.”

I stepped back so that his hand dropped from my body. “I need to, ah, pee, please.” My mind began to race.

“I like golden showers, baby.”

I couldn’t believe he’d said that, and I stopped breathing. Thinking fast I added, “That’s not ah, all I need to, ah, do.” I wasn’t faking the embarrassment, and I’m pretty sure my cheeks were red. I had to lower my gaze though, in case Keg saw through my lie. “Please, I have to go bad.” I was thinking about the time I had left before Dane arrived.

Grunting, Keg grabbed me by the rope around my wrists and started to drag me toward the house. He bent at the front door, lifted the matt and removed a key. Once inside we looked around until we found the bathroom. “Make it quick, I want to fuck you good before your ex gets here. I’ll make it a good memory to take to your grave,” he laughed.

Bastard! But I held in my anger because I wanted him to drop his guard. “Can you please?” I held out my hands, glancing down again so that he couldn’t read my eyes. I purposely kept my tone sad and quiet, as if resigned to my fate.

Keg wasn’t gentle and didn’t care that the knife he used to cut through the rope nicked my wrist. I ignored the sting of pain, the blood rapidly gathering along the thin line, and turned to enter the bathroom. He started to prevent me from closing the door when his phone rang again. With a curse he reached for it, temporarily forgetting about me.

I spied the window immediately, and looked back at Keg. He was half turned away from me, but not enough that anything I did would go unnoticed. I bit my bottom lip, sensing that it was then or never. Once I put my plan into motion I knew that I’d have to act fast. The trouble was I didn’t have a plan. I couldn’t over power him, and the window I had hoped to make my escape from was too far away, he’d catch me before I had a chance to open it. 

The conversation was winding down, I could tell. Just as I heard Keg mumble, “Later, man,” I panicked and rushed him, throwing all my weight against him. I could tell by his grunt that I’d caught him unaware and the sound of him crashing into furniture and hitting the floor was music to my ears. He swore angrily, but I didn’t wait to gauge what kind of time I had. I spun around, slammed the bathroom door, and locked it.

I ran to the window and opened it at the same time that I heard the doorknob rattle. Constant swearing from the other side of the door speeded me up as I pushed out the screen and hoisted myself up onto the ledge. The bathroom door was kicked in just as I went through the window. I landed on the ground and was on my feet and running by the time Keg reached the window.

I knew that because he threatened, “Stop or I’ll shoot!”

I didn’t stop.

“Bitch!”

Even in my panic I knew that he wouldn’t kill me, not if he wanted his money, and because he’d been ordered to bring me in alive. He must have figured that I realized that, too, when I didn’t stop. I didn’t know what he was doing after that, because I just ran. I knew one thing, though, if he caught up to me, he was going to hurt me. I recalled his earlier remark that he’d been ordered to deliver me alive, but not in any specific condition. Maybe that’s why what happened next didn’t surprise me as much as it should have.

A shot rang out. I screamed and tumbled to the ground, hitting it hard. The pain was excruciating. It felt like someone was branding me by holding a hot iron to my leg. I rolled onto my back to see Keg walking up to me. 

“I told you, you fucking bitch!” He was beyond livid, while I felt a second of gratification at the sight of the red scrape mark on his face. He must have hit something during his fall.

His hand wrapped around my arm, squeezing painfully as he hauled me to my feet, uncaring that he’d just shot me. I cried out and nearly collapsed when I made the mistake of putting all my weight onto my leg. The bullet had hit me on the outside of my upper thigh, and I could feel blood running down my leg inside my jeans. The distant buzz of an approaching plane drew both our attention to the sky.

Oh, shit! Dane! Pure fear made me plead, “Please, Keg. Don’t do this!” My stomach began to churn with sickening dread at seeing Dane again.

Keg’s rough laugh held no humor. “You got two million bucks?” he snarled, dragging me toward the house. “I don’t even have time to give you a good fuck, now,” he grumbled in a disappointed tone.

Two million dollars! I didn’t even have time to try and comprehend that Dane was that wealthy. I stumbled and cried out when Keg’s rough movements jarred my leg. Swearing, he jerked me even harder, as if it were his mission to cause me as much pain as he could. He wasn’t happy unless I was crying out. Just as we reached the front door, I heard the small plane touch down.  
My heart was pounding wildly in a combination of pain and fear, and I was beginning to feel weak, as if I might pass out, whether from anxiety or loss of blood. Keg didn’t seem to care that we were tracking it through the house. When we reached the living room I had time to take in the overturned chair and broken glass before I was thrown toward the couch. I collapsed onto it with a cry.

I leaned back and closed my eyes.

****

“Take her pants off.”

My eyes flew open. I must have passed out. The sound of Dane’s voice was as sharp and alerting as any alarm. I tried to sit up straight, crying out in pain. All I could do was watch one of his men moving toward me. I lifted an arm to try and stop him from touching me.

“No—”

“Darling, you’ve been shot. I need to see what kind of damage this--” He shot Keg a scathing look, “--Idiot has done.”

Why was he talking to me like that, as if he cared? I frowned, trying to comprehend, but all I could think about was the pain in my leg. In the end there was nothing I could do. Under the watchful eyes of Keg, Dane, and two other men, my jeans were stripped from me, and I was left in a tiny thong that barely covered my sex. The same man who’d removed my jeans leaned forward to examine my wound. I flinched away from him with a whimper as he prodded it.

Still sitting next to me, he glanced up at Dane. “Deep flesh wound, but nothing serious.”  

“Clean her up,” Dane ordered.

I assumed the man working on my leg had some kind of first aid training because he worked quickly and efficiently, first washing the blood away. It hurt like hell when he doused the wound with disinfectant, but there was minor relief with the cooling cream he smeared into it. I managed to get a view of my leg before he covered it with gauze. The bullet had plowed a four-inch path across my thigh, taking with it a swath of skin and meat and leaving what looked like a narrow, but fairly deep, gorge.  It was bigger than I anticipated, wide in the center and tapering at both ends.  

Dane didn’t speak again until his man got up and moved away from me. “You shouldn’t have tried to run, sweetheart, now you’ll have a scar.”

Darling, sweetheart, I couldn’t take his endearments anymore. “What the hell, Dane? Why should any of this matter when we both know what you’re going to do to me?” My eyes grew big when he sat down next to me.
He sighed, reaching toward me. I shrank back into the cushions as far as I could go, getting a smile for my useless efforts. “Don’t touch me!” I hissed sharply. He hesitated, but for only a second and then his eyes hardened.

“I intend to touch you, Audra, you’re mine.” He ran the back of his hand against my cheek. “I was going to kill you for running away, did you know that? No, of course you didn’t. But I’ve had time to think about our little situation, and I’ve made plans for you, plans that will allow me to keep you. Forever.”

I stared at Dane, digesting his insane comments, more afraid of him now than ever. What the hell did he mean by that, what plans? He’d never been a cruel man, at least not to me, but knowing what I knew now I knew that he was capable of anything. There was no way he was going to touch me again. As far as I was concerned, any feelings I had for him had disappeared the day he’d taken his hand to me, demanding that I keep my mouth shut and forgot what I saw.

He’d misled me into believing that he was a good, kind man, wooing me with gifts and promises of a future by his side. I’d been a fool. Maybe the truth had always been there, but I hadn’t wanted to see it. Seeing it would have meant accepting it. I looked into Dane’s eyes now, seeing the truth in the cold, ruthless orbs that appeared more dead than alive.

My head was spinning. “You’re crazy,” I finally said, brushing his hand away.

He shrugged. “We’ve had a lot together, darling, for it to all end with a bullet in your lovely head. I wasn’t worried that you’d seen me kill a man. I didn’t want it to get out who I’d killed. Now I have control back.”

I frowned, not reminding him that I still didn’t know who he’d killed. “I saw you kill a man in cold blood,” I said coldly. “I’m not just going to forget that.” Something told me that I should just shut my mouth, but my instincts warned that whatever Dane had planned wasn’t going to be good. As soon as he’d said ‘control’ my blood had turned cold. If I could fight him physically, I would. I think he knew that.

“In time you will come to love me again.” 

Over my dead body, I thought, getting angrier by the second at his calm, condescending tone. He clearly believed what he was saying. I glanced around at his men, who were all standing there like pillars of fucking stone. Couldn’t they see the mad man that I saw?

“I’m afraid until then I will need to keep you safe.” He gave me no time to react before adding, “I have a secure estate in Canada, where no one will be able to get to you.”

So that was Dane’s plan, to keep me as his prisoner. I swallowed with dread, forcing myself to stay calm and breathe slowly. Otherwise I would have lost it and that, wouldn’t accomplish anything. I watched in a kind of stupor as he slowly rose to his feet. 
“And now I must take care of the man who brought the woman I love back to me.” He paused. “The same man who shot her.” One of his men had positioned himself behind Keg, and Dane gave him a significant look.

I didn’t understand what the look meant, but Keg must have, because his eyes got big as he reached for his gun. He started to swing around, but he didn’t have a chance. The man behind him had already withdrawn a gun from inside his suit jacket. My eyes rounded, and I know I opened my mouth, but before I could utter a single word he put the gun to Keg’s head and pulled the trigger. 

I screamed. 

And screamed.

And screamed.

Until a black void sucked me under into a blissful state of darkness.




Chapter 21

Hawk

By the time I’d learned Keg had gone to meet Popcorn and Audra I knew they were in deep shit, and it was too fucking late to do anything about it. In an instant he’d confirmed my earlier suspicions that he was the fucking traitor. He’d been the only brother to identify the Blue Knights presence at the scene of the fire and the clubhouse shooting, and he’d seemed too fucking eager to get to Audra when he knew I was bringing her back to the club. If Audra identified Dominick as the man Dane had murdered, all the pieces would fall into place. 

Covacks would see to Dane’s demise, Audra would be free, and the club would reap the benefits of a million bucks. I would fucking enjoy ending Keg’s life, all of my brothers would. It wouldn’t be easy, but it had to be done. He’d killed Popcorn and had to pay. It would show the prospects and other club members what happened to a brother who was out to hurt the club. 

It didn’t take us long to zero in on Keg’s location. Thank fuck that after the shooting at the club I’d had Fox put a second GPS tracker on his bike, one he didn’t know about. Predictably he’d yanked off the original right after he’d left the club that afternoon for Popcorn and Audra. The brothers all had GPS on their bikes, and it had saved some of our asses more than once.

We reached the location of Keg’s GPS and I knew that we had to move fast, that Audra’s life may depend on it. The brothers knew what they had to do as we rushed in toward the house, guns out and keeping low in case there were lookouts posted. Seeing the plane parked on the runway meant that we were probably facing more men than just Keg. We were going in blind. I didn’t fucking like it, but time was on their side.

A shot rang out, followed by a woman’s scream. All kinds of fucking shit went through my mind at what that meant, at what was being done to Audra, and it didn’t help when the screaming stopped abruptly. We reached the house and I gave a signal to Painter and BK to go around the back. Big John and Rock stayed close to me, while Clay, Bullet, Jumper, and Ned spread out to cover any windows. They had orders not to expose themselves unless trouble started, and by trouble I meant shooting.

I kicked the front door in and rushed into the house, my gaze shifting as I took everything in at once. Keg was on the floor, blood pouring out of a head wound that revealed that he was no longer a problem. Audra was on the couch, eyes closed and looking fucking pale. My heart lurched as I ran my gaze over her lifeless form, taking in her state of undress while searching for anything that would tell me if she’d been hurt. I zeroed in on the dried blood and gauze on her leg, and barely had time to acknowledge the slight rise and fall of her chest when someone took a shot at me. 
Shit! My gaze swung to the shooter and I returned fire, hitting him in the chest. As he was going down my gaze transferred to the other three suits in the room. They were scrambling and reaching for something inside their jackets. “Keep those fucking weapons holstered,” I ordered. 

Rock and Big John moved up next to me. The fact that their guns were aimed and ready  prevented two of the men from going any further, but a third one ignored my warning. As he withdrew his weapon one of my brother’s shot him without hesitation. His gun went flying as he let out a yell and clutched his hand.  

“Anyone else want to lose his fucking hand?” Rock snarled. The other two raised their hands in surrender. Their expressions remained alert, and I knew they’d make a move the second a chance presented itself. Men like them always did.

“Hawk—” Audra murmured. 

I ignored her, not taking my eyes off the man sitting next to her. I knew that he was Dane Winthrop and in that moment he was the real threat. “Move away from her,” I growled, itching to end him for even touching her. He made to get up but at the last second he yanked Audra to her feet in front of him, jamming a gun against her temple. Feet stomped toward us as the rest of my brothers stormed into the house from other entrances. They halted upon entering the room, prepared for shit.

I didn’t take my eyes off Winthrop.

“Hold it right there, big guy.” Dane smiled, self-confidence dripping out of every pore. I wanted to bash his fucking teeth down his throat. “We don’t need anymore killing today.” His meaning was clear. The fucking coward was using Audra’s body as a shield, his arm across her chest as he pulled her tightly against the front of him. 

“Then lower the fucking gun,” I snarled.

“Do I look like a stupid man?” He laughed. “No, I don’t think so. I think my sweet, little Audra is my insurance card into getting out of here alive.” He started to back up slowly.

There was no way in hell I was letting him take her. “You want to go, then go, but the woman stays,” I said.

He made a half-laugh, half snorting sound, tightening his arm around Audra. “I can’t do that. Audra is mine.” He nuzzled the side of her neck. “Aren’t you, darling.” The arm across her chest shifted, and then his hand was squeezing her tit. I was going to cut that fucking hand off.  “She misses what I can do for her. I took care of her.”

My gaze shifted to Audra, hating the liquid emotion staring back at me. She was pale, bloody, and looked like she’d been through hell. “Yeah? That right, baby?” She shook her head, trying to squirm away from Dane. “Doesn’t look like she wants to go with you,” I smirked.
 “Let me go, Dane!” She was fucking mad, slapping at his groping hand. “I’ll never go anywhere with you willingly!” 

“Easy, baby,” I warned, afraid she’d forget about the gun at her temple.

“She’s just a little confused. I’m afraid the situation has overwhelmed her.” 

I glared at Winthrop’s condescending smirk. The man had a death wish. “I think you’re the one who’s fucking confused. Leave now while I’m giving you the chance, but without the woman. You have ten seconds to make up your fucking mind before my brothers start shooting.”

Dane’s face reddened. He clearly didn’t like ultimatums, or not being the one in charge. That was just too fucking bad. He was lucky that I was willing to let him leave there alive. His gaze moved around the room, as if looking for an ally. His men were showing more smarts than he was. They were clearly outnumbered by us, but Dane was a desperate man. I wouldn’t hesitate to end him, but I wanted to save that pleasure for Covacks. He deserved to kill the man who’d murdered his son, and I had no doubt that the coward in front of me now was that man. We just needed the fucking proof.

“She’ll be the first one to die,” he threatened.

“You’ll be the second,” I snarled immediately afterwards. “After then it won’t matter.” I could see the indecision on his face, and knew the exact moment he knew I’d do it. The bastard wanted Audra but he wanted to live more, and it was obvious that he hated having to make a choice. 

In the next instant none of it fucking mattered. Chaos erupted. More of Dane’s men rushed in from the back of the house. I gave BK and Painter a sharp look because they were supposed to have checked out the fucking plane. I’d have to deal with them later because Dane’s men came into the room firing their weapons as they spread out to take cover. My brothers scattered for protection and fired back. I got two rounds off, crouching low as I moved toward Audra and Dane with a snarl. 

Dane forcefully pushed Audra at me and stumbled back into the protective circle of his men. I caught her to me, fear turning my blood cold when I watched him raise his gun. The fucking coward! With my arms wrapped around Audra I pulled her down onto the sofa and covered her with my body. His shot went wild and when I glanced up it was to see his men ushering him quickly from the room. 

I pulled back to meet Audra’s eyes. “Don’t move, baby.”  Not waiting for her response, I rolled off onto the floor and took aim.

The gunfight didn’t last long. Once Dane was safely away the rest of his men made their way in the same direction, shooting as they went. “Let them go!” I yelled when the last of Dane’s men were out of sight. “Big John, Jumper, follow to make sure they all get on that fucking plane. I don’t want anyone left behind.”

“Hawk—”

Smoke lingered heavily in the air, the acrid smell stinging my nose and eyes, and the place was shot the fuck up. When it was over Keg and three of Winthrop’s men were on the floor. Nothing fucking mattered except for the woman throwing herself into my arms, her tiny body of curves sinking into mine. My arms closed around her awkwardly as an unfamiliar feeling surged through my blood. Fucking hell, what was happening to me? 

This woman wasn’t just getting to me.

She had me!

“You’re safe now, babe.” I ran my hand up and down her back, as much for my comfort as hers.

“Thank you for coming for me,” she breathed against my chest. I wasn’t wearing a shirt beneath my cut and the feel of her warm breath across my flesh fucking scorched me. I felt my dick twitch because she’d spoken the words against my nipple. My hand went to the back of her head, clenching into the soft thickness of her hair. I crushed her against me.

A snicker from my brother’s brought harsh reality back. “We have work to do, brothers,” I growled, gently pushing Audra back. “Make sure the suits are dead and take their weapons.”

“What about Keg?” Ned asked.

“We take him with us. I don’t want to leave any signs that we were involved in this shit.” My gaze caught on a pair of bloody jeans on the floor. “Yours?” Audra nodded. “What the fuck happened?” I scowled, touching the gauze on her upper thigh.

“Keg shot me when I tried to run. It’s just a graze.” she said. We both looked down at him, and I wished the fucker were alive so I could kill him again. “This was Dane paying him back for delivering me.” 

I’d already figured the man was untrustworthy. I reached for her jeans. “Think you can get these on?” I didn’t want her on the back of my bike without protection for her legs. 

She nodded and took the jeans from me. “He wasn’t going to kill me, Hawk. Dane. He has a place in Canada.” Her comment drew my gaze to where she’d dropped down onto the couch. “He wants to take me there.”

I clenched my jaw. The bastard had plans to keep her a prisoner somewhere. I’d seen it happen with obsessed, controlling fucks before. Audra was still in danger, but it would be over my dead body that Dane Winthrop would get his hands on her again. Christ, I had to get her back to the club to look at those pictures. If she recognized Dominick as the man her ex had killed we could dump this shit in Covacks lap and end it once and for all. If by some fucking miracle Winthrop hadn’t murdered Dominick, then I’d go after the bastard myself. 

Big John and Jumper came back into the house. “Bastards are gone, Prez.” 

I acknowledged them with a chin lift. “Let’s get the fuck out of here.” I noticed Audra’s wince when she stood to do up her jeans. Before she could take a step, I scooped her up. 

“I can walk.” She smiled.

“Yeah, but I can take four steps to your one.”

“I’m sorry about Keg, Hawk,” she said, surprising me.

She had nothing to feel sorry about. “Don’t be, he made his decisions.”

“I know, but if Dane hadn’t offered so much money to find me Keg wouldn’t have done what he did.”

I looked down at her. “Money is a powerful incentive, babe, makes people weak, but there’s an order in which we do shit. The club is a brotherhood, we don’t go against it. We stick together and have each other’s backs at all times. Keg let the dollar signs fuck up his thinking. If it hadn’t been this situation, it would have been something else later.”

“You don’t know that for sure.”

“You want me to blame you for this shit?” I asked, moving toward the trees where my bike was. She quieted and looked down, shielding those beautiful greens from me. “It’s done, Audra, and after today this shit with your ex ends, too, one way or another.” 

“What do you mean?”

“I mean he’s going to die.” I placed her on the back of my bike and mounted. I probably shouldn’t have said anything, but she deserved to know her trouble with Dane would be over permanently. “BK−” He turned my way. “You and a prospect bring a van back for Keg and his bike and make it fucking quick.”  He nodded and kicked his bike to life. 

The noise of our bikes revving up sounded like rumbling thunder as the rest of my brothers did the same. They held back until I moved into position in front of the line, and then we were off. Audra wrapped her arms around me tightly. I felt her hugging my body close. She was safe for now, and I intended to keep it that way. When the time came to turn her loose she wouldn’t have any worries. She’d be able to live the way she wanted, without looking over her shoulder.

It occurred to me that I could have turned her the fuck loose at any time. She wasn’t my responsibility, and never had been. The truth was that the minute she’d planted her sweetly rounded ass on my bike, I’d fucking wanted her. Sure, there’d been the possibility that she meant trouble for the club and we’d needed to find that out, there was always that. Anything that threatened the club had to be dealt with, but right then she meant more trouble for me, than for the club. 
I had to turn her loose. 

Before it was too late and I couldn’t.

I forced myself to remember Sonya and her traitorous ways, hoping that would force the fucking walls back up. Women were good for one thing, and I wanted to keep it that way. Fuck them and walk away, no strings attached. No emotions. No fucking mess. Deep down I knew that Audra was different, that she wasn’t like Sonya, everything in me told me that, but I was too stubborn to accept it. 

I couldn’t get back to the clubhouse fast enough. We continued around to the rear and backed our bikes close to the building. “Baby,” I said once it quieted down around us. “Go to my room. Get cleaned up. I have some shit to take care of.” I helped Audra off my bike, mindful of her leg. 

She steadied herself and glanced up at me. “Thank you again, Hawk,” she said softly, and fucking hell I saw more in her eyes than I wanted to. I clenched my jaw, until with a small smile she finally turned and limped away. 

Rock came to a stop next to me, watching Audra disappear into the building. I braced myself because his silence spoke volumes. “Don’t say a fucking thing,” I warned him. He snorted, and I knew that if I looked he’d be smiling. 

“She’s getting to you, brother.” 

I growled low, closed my eyes, and shook my head. 

He slapped me on the back of my shoulder. “What are you gonna do about it?”

I didn’t even have to think about it. “Nothing. She’ll be gone in a couple of days.” I looked at him. “Either Covacks takes care of Dane Winthrop and the club’s a million bucks richer, or I do the fucker in myself.” I knew he wouldn’t question me why, because he’d do the same fucking thing. We were a hard-core MC until it came to women and children who needed our protection.

“You know, brother, not all women are like Sonya.” Rock had been there when everything had turned to shit. “Be ashamed to turn a cute little piece like that loose because another bitch soured you.”

“I don’t want to talk about it.” I walked to the door and opened it.

“Fine, but if you don’t want her, can I have her? I’d like to get a taste of her little—”

I should have expected that, but without thinking I swung around and punched Rock right in the mouth. He didn’t even try to stop me. In fact, there was a bemused smile on his face that pissed me the fuck off. The fucker had been baiting me. He staggered back a little, bringing his hand up to his split lip. 

“That answer enough for you?” I snapped. 

A humorous chuckle was his only response. With a curse, I turned. Most of the brothers were at the bar, being made over by the club women and already drinking hard. It wouldn’t be long before they’d disappear to the rooms to work out their aggressions. What had gone down at the farm house could have turned out a lot worse. Most of my crew lived each day as if it were their last.

“Hey, baby.” Sid came slithering up to me, sliding her hands up my chest to link them behind my neck. She was wearing a bikini top so tiny that it barely covered her nipples. Her cut offs fell just below her jeweled bellybutton.  She rubbed against me like a fucking cat in heat. “You look like you need relief,” she cooed into my ear, before biting down on it. 

I jerked back when I felt her teeth sink down on the lobe of my ear, and then reached up to unwind her arms from around my neck. Why couldn’t she get it through her fucking head that I was done with her? “If you keep this shit up I’m going to bar you from the club. Find another brother.” I didn’t wait for her to react.

I went straight to Fox’s room. As usual, he was sitting at his computer. The man fucking lived on the damned thing, which was good considering that he did our surveillance and security. “I want the pictures of Dominick.” He picked up a stack he’d printed out and handed them to me. “Why so many?”

“There are four different men here, Prez. See if she can pick out Dominick’s face, then we’ll fucking know for sure.”

I thumbed through the pictures. The men in them were very similar. I nodded. “Good call, brother.” 

“Too bad about Popcorn.” I nodded, there was nothing else to say. All the brothers knew he’d been a good prospect. “I heard about Keg, man. Good thing we put that second GPS tracker on his bike.”

“Yeah, could have ended in a whole different way.” He could have disappeared with Audra. I thought about her and what Dane had planned. It could have turned into a life sentence for her, being locked away on some fucking estate. “I should have killed him when I had the fucking chance.”

Fox’s brows rose with surprise. “She means that much to you, that you would have jeopardized our affiliation with Covacks?” 

He had a lot of fucking nerve asking me that. Protecting the club came first, and that included doing whatever was required to keep in good standing with our contacts. The club earned a ton of revenue from Covacks, we’d be stupid to piss him off. His explicit orders that he’d wanted his son’s killer alive in order for us to get the million dollars was the only reason I’d let Winthrop go. I knew, though, that if Audra had been hurt by his hands, I wouldn’t have hesitated to take him out on the spot.

“You know the answer to that, brother.” 




Chapter 22

Audra

I turned the faucet off and then reached up to squeeze the excess water out of my hair. My leg hurt like hell, the sting of soap and water running through the raw burn left me gasping for breath, but at least it wasn’t bleeding anymore. It was ugly, the kind of thing that would scar and forever remind me of the incident, but it beat the alternative. Keg could have easily have done a lot more damage. 

Hawk was my savior. I thought about Dane’s plan, knowing that if he’d succeeded in getting me on that plane it would have been the end of me. I would have simply disappeared. I didn’t know anything about his estate in Canada, but I knew that he had a preference for isolation when he was away from Vegas. The location would be secluded and far away from the general public. I’d always known that Dane was exceedingly rich, but I was only now learning that his wealth far surpassed anything I’d suspected. 

I’d given myself to a monster. All those years…how could I have not known what he was really like? He’d been good at keeping that side of him hidden, careful to keep me away from his work. The trip to Last Hope had been a rare exception to taking me on any business trips, and that was only because he’d promised to take us on a pleasure trip directly from there. That’s where it had all gone to shit.

I stepped out of the shower. The bathroom door opened, and Hawk was there, his gaze raking over my dripping body in a physical caress that drew a willing response from my body. Everything about him was so fierce and volatile. The way his dark eyes moved over me made my senses switch on full alert, my nipples swelled into hard kernels and my pussy grew wet. I couldn’t believe how fast this man got to me on every level. I became afraid, yes, afraid, when he moved toward me with an expression of pure animal lust stamped on his sharply defined features. I just stood there, frozen, weak in the knees, and waited, breath catching at what he made me feel. The predator was hungry.

“You want me,” I uttered softly as he got closer. 

His gaze dropped to the wound on my leg. “I don’t want to hurt you.”

“You won’t.”

He backed me up against the wall. “Yes!” he growled, almost in anger. “Fucking hell, woman, I fucking want you!” I cried out at the impact of his body against mine. “I’m tired of fighting it, tired of denying myself what I want.”

“Wh-What do y-you want?” I could barely get the words out.

Hawk glared down at me. “You. I want you,” He snarled, slowly lowering his head. “You. Are. Mine.”

His hand tangled roughly in my hair as he tilted my face up to his. In the next instant his mouth came crashing down on mine, setting off a mass of electric palpitations through my body, triggers of need consuming my senses until all I could do was respond to his attack on my mouth with one of my own. My heart beat erratically, butterflies flickered crazily in my belly, and fire ignited my blood. There wasn’t a place in me or on me that wasn’t a spine-tingling heap of sensation, all of it happening at once. All because he was kissing me.

Instant.

Intense.

Passionate.

I didn’t think I would survive it.

I’d known our first kiss would be like this. Emotionally and physically it revealed so damned much. The rough possession of Hawk’s mouth on mine filled me with surreal pleasure and the need to take action. Arousal was too weak a word for what I was feeling. A strong need to give, to feel, to become one, drove me to demand more. I willingly opened my mouth beneath the grinding pressure of his kiss, meeting his thrusting tongue with mine as we discovered and tasted each other for the first time. 

We became animals, unable to quench the violent hunger overtaking our sanity, yet refusing to give up. We searched and moved on, finding relief in other ways. I wrapped my arms around Hawk’s neck and held on, a woman drowning in need. His hands dropped down my body in a thorough sweep, lingering as he caressed and shaped my breasts, before continuing down my sides to my hips. His fingers dug into me as he ground his swollen cock against my belly.

I moaned, God, I wanted him naked and inside me at that moment. He seemed bigger and harder than ever before, and I arched against him, finding little relief from the zipper covering his hard-on. Impatience ruled my emotions when I reached for the front of his jeans. Call my crazy, but I pulled away from his kiss and mumbled, “Hawk. I need you, now!” We were both out of breath.

“Easy, baby.” His hand covered mine. I thought he was going to stop me from opening his pants, but he flattened my palm against his cock and forced me up and down his erection. “We’ll get to it,” he promised, sucking my lower lip into his mouth.

Oh, fuck! I was going to melt into a puddle right there at his feet. Was it possible to self-combust? I twisted and squirmed against Hawk. “It’s not fair you have clothes on.” I didn’t care if it sounded like I was whining and desperate.

I was whining and desperate.

“You want me naked, baby?” 

“Yes!” I hissed. “I want to feel you, all of you, against me.”

Hawk stepped back without a word and slipped off his cut. I ran my gaze over his tattooed muscles, salivating because right then they were all mine. He had the ripped body of a fighter, the scars trophies from the conflicts he’d fought and won. When his hands moved to his jeans my gaze followed hungrily, watching as he unzipped them, pushed them down his legs, and stepped out of them. His cock was standing straight up, a monster ready to conquer and consume me. He reached for me with a deep sound of need, telling me that he’d been pushed to his limits.

Circling my waist with a powerful arm, he jerked me against him. I caught my breath as his long, hard cock nestled right between my thighs against my drenched pussy. My nails curled into Hawk’s chest as I stared up at him, hungry for his mouth again. As if reading my mind, he swooped down and devoured mine in a show of deep passion and total possession. At that second I felt totally owned by him. I returned his kiss, nipping, chewing, and sucking on his lips while our tongues fucked. 

There was nothing gentle and tender about it, but it was the most mind-blowing kiss I’d ever experienced, the kind that curled my toes while sending sharp spikes of lightning through my body. I savored the warm flavor of him and drank his essence down eagerly. Hawk, as he did with everything, held nothing back of himself. Our earlier kiss had set the beast free and I was his willing captive, letting him take as much of me as he wanted. I gave as good as I got, relishing in his groans and grunts of pleasure that vibrated through his hard body.  

Hawk picked me up and I instinctively wrapped my legs around his waist, ignoring the pain in my leg. I knew that if I let on that it hurt he’d stop immediately, and I didn’t want that to happen. Once again I found myself up against the wall. “I won’t make it to the fucking bed,” he rasped against my mouth. He reached down between our bodies and took his cock in his hand. Our eyes clung as he ran the bulbous head up and down the seam of my pussy, before parting the folds and finding my clit. 

I cried out and threw my head back, breathless with anticipation. “Yes, Hawk! Fuck me!”

My scream could probably be heard downstairs, but I didn’t care. With one upward thrust Hawk buried his thick shaft deeply into my body. I clenched my muscles around him instantly, determined to hold him where it felt so good. He groaned low, and I delighted in the sound, knowing that I was the one giving him pleasure. My entire body was throbbing. Leaning forward, I bit his chin. 

He groaned low, his body shuddering. “Jesus, you’re killing me, baby.”

Smiling through the haze of desire, I tightened around him again, feeling his cock pulse deep inside me.
“You’re fucking asking for it.”  He began to move, pulling out slowly and then pounding back inside. I was the one groaning then as his big cock stretched and filled me to the limit. “You gonna behave?” he rasped, forcing me down on his cock at the same time that he thrust upwards.

I shook my head, too lost in the moment to form coherent words. My punishment came quickly and roughly. Hawk curled his fingers into my hips and started thrusting in quick, deep plunges that sent flashes of wildfire through me. I felt the onset of an orgasm, that particular little flash that no words could accurately describe. I could only feel, waiting for the river of bliss to take control and make me crash. I clawed at Hawk’s shoulders and backside. I licked and kissed the side of his neck and jaw. With every shove into my body he grunted. Soon we were both covered with tiny beads of perspiration.

The bathroom was steamed up with our heavy breathing, the sound amplified in the small, tiled room. Whimpers, groans, and grunts kept tempo with the fierce hammering Hawk was giving me. Just when I was about to climax he stopped and waited for the feeling to subside, before starting up again. How did he know? Somehow he did, because he did it twice more, and each time my orgasm receded back into an unreachable flicker. I wanted to scream my frustration. 

“Give me my orgasm,” I growled, biting him on the shoulder hard. He was torturing me! He yanked me back by my hair, slamming his mouth down on mine. His kiss was brutal, demanding, and I could tell that he was losing control. 

“You want a fucking orgasm?” he rasped.

“Yes, please.” I nodded, kissing the spot that showed my tooth marks. I was so damned close. It wouldn’t take much to throw me over the edge but suddenly he was pulling out completely, and I thought, this isn’t it. “Noooo!” My eyes grew round and I was about to swear a blue streak when Hawk dropped to his knees in front of me.

We made eye contact. I held my breath. I could feel how wet I was down there, it was coating my upper thighs. Hawk didn’t seem to mind when he leaned forward and buried his face against my pussy. I whimpered as more warmth escaped my body. Knowing what he was doing to me, Hawk stuck his tongue out and licked my pussy lips from one end to the other. Oh, sweet heaven! I was overwhelmed with ecstasy.

“Fuck.” He stopped and kissed my stomach beneath my bellybutton. “The sweetest fucking poison I’ve ever tasted,” he surprised me by saying. He glanced up at me, his eyes almost black, his nostrils flaring, his mouth glistening. “I’ll give you all the fucking orgasms you want, baby.”

He went to work and I lost my hands in his hair to keep him there. That was unnecessary, since his hands were digging into my butt and holding me in position. I spread my legs a little so he had better access. He speared his tongue into me, but it was when he flattened it against my sensitive clit that I felt my orgasm climb. I began to thrust my hips, moaning loudly, praying that Hawk wouldn’t stop what he was doing this time.

“Hawk—” I gasped when he circled my clit with his tongue. I was almost there.
“Yeah, babe?” He mouthed the words against my pussy, and then he gently pinched my clit with his teeth. 

I trembled, my legs quivering wildly. “God, don’t stop.” If he stopped this time I was convinced that it would kill me. He applied pressure right where it was needed. 

“Put some cum on my tongue, Audra, now.” 

That was all it took. Well, that and the two fingers that he thrust inside me. His tongue was merciless against my clit, and I cried out wildly when I climaxed. I bucked against his mouth helplessly, totally at Hawk’s mercy as he continued to torture me with his tongue and fingers, not letting up even as I started to come down. The aftershocks were relentless and powerful, draining me to the point that I halfway collapsed against him. The next thing I knew, Hawk was rising to his feet with me draped over his shoulder.

“You want my fucking dick, baby?”

We didn’t go far. He dropped me to the bed and followed me down, covering me with his body. His cock felt like a hot poker between my legs, pulsing against my over-sensitized clit. I was still coming down from climaxing, unable to control the quivers still wracking my body. 

“You know I do!” I gasped, raising my hips for more contact. “Fuck me, Hawk!”

He aligned his cock at my entrance and thrust deep, stretching me wide and filling me. I moaned, clenching my nails into his arms, tearing at his skin. He groaned, slamming his mouth down on mine and attacking my lips like a starving man, teeth, tongue, and mouths smashed together as we devoured each other wholly. We strained against each other, giving, taking, reaching for the moment that would end the battle. I accepted his heat, chewing on his lips.

Hawk pulled his mouth away and placed it against the side of my neck. His lips glided over my flesh as he pounded into me without control. I ran my hands down his sculptured backside, stopping to explore his taut buttocks. His teeth grazed over me in the lightest of touches, causing me to shiver wildly. I clenched my hands into his hard flesh, I couldn’t help it. I was letting the moment guide me and not questioning anything. I just wanted to feel. Feel what only he could make me feel.

Feel alive.

“Hawk, I—” What, love him? God, I knew that saying something that crazy would send him running, and I wasn’t sure that was the word I was searching for. My feelings for Hawk were complicated, but one thing I was certain of was that I didn’t want to let him go. “I—” I bit down on my bottom lip, unable to find the right words.

As if sensing my inner turmoil he stilled inside me, glancing deeply into my eyes. His expression was flushed and glistening with sweat, pupils dilated. His hot breath slapped me in the face, and I could feel our hearts pounding as one. Was he waiting for me to finish saying what I couldn’t? I sucked in a breath, cringing when it sounded like a sob. 

A fucking sob! 

“Don’t stop,” I finally said, lifting up to kiss him on the chin, praying that the moment dissipated. “Fuck me like it’s our last time.” 

He growled, “Our last one for now, Audra, because I’m not turning you loose.” 

He wasn’t?

His cock throbbed, as if reminding us of what we were in the middle of. Hawk began to thrust again, pulling out to the very tip before sliding back in with a slow, satisfying glide that scratched my itch in one long, delicious sensation. The man knew how to please, and I was suddenly jealous of all the women that had come before me.

“You’ve got a sweet cunt, baby. My dick is happy in there, and he’s going to be in there a lot from here on out.” His words turned me on, and I felt another orgasm winding its way through my body. His movements picked up momentum, filling the room with the sounds of grunts as our bodies slapped together. One of Hawk’s hands wrapped around my breast and he leaned down to put his mouth on me.

I whimpered as pleasure surged through me. The raspy feel of his tongue running over my flesh, his warm breath, the erotic abrasion of his whiskers, and the callused roughness of his hand as it shaped and pulled my nipple to his mouth. I didn’t think it was possible to implode with pleasure, but it was happening to me. He owned all of me, and I no longer had any control left. My body was his to do with what he wanted.

Without warning he brought my legs up and over his shoulders. Our pelvises were grinding against each other and I knew that I wasn’t going to last. Hawk bottomed out, his balls slapping against my butt with a sound that fed my arousal. My eyes rolled back in my head at the new position, because every time he entered my body his cock caressed my G-spot.

Hawk’s flesh was swelling inside me and I sensed that he was close. His breathing grew harsher, choppier, his grunts more guttural. His hands slid beneath my bottom as he pulled me up to him and held me tightly. I squeezed my internal muscles, rewarded by his rolling shudder. I felt the first warm stream of his release, his orgasm setting off my own. I cried out with pleasure, jerking wildly. 

We convulsed against each other, hearts pounding like drums in our chests, hot breath bathing our damp faces. Eventually our releases came to an end, but not the quivering aftermath that always followed. I closed my eyes as a haze of serenity claimed me. Hawk’s body relaxed onto me, but he was careful not to let all his weight settle on my much smaller frame. I smiled. He wasn’t so big and scary now. 

“What are you grinning at, woman?” 

I hated the feel of his cock shrinking and slipping out of me, and with it some of his seed. “Nothing,” I lied.

He rolled to the side, bringing me with him so that I was half on top of him. “Nothing? People usually smile for a reason.”

I shrugged, running my palm over his massive chest, wondering how far Hawk would let me go. He wasn’t the cuddling, lovey-dovey type. Any minute I expected him to pull away, both mentally and physically, from me, but he didn’t. My gaze drifted up to his. He was so hard to read. Yet I could sense that there was something definitely different about this time.

“Don’t try to figure me out,” he warned in a light tone.

I thought about how it was best to respond. “Don’t you think it’s natural for a woman to wonder about the man who just fucked her?”

“I’ve fucked you before.”

“But not like this, Hawk. This time was different. This time you kissed me.” 

“”Don’t read more into it than there is,” he said in a strong tone. “I can’t love you. I can’t love any woman.”

I frowned. He’d said can’t, not don’t. “Why, Hawk? What did she do to you?” I was convinced that it was a woman who’d ruined him.

I sensed a change in him almost immediately, and cursed myself for opening my big mouth. The last thing I’d wanted was for him to pull away from me. I had feelings for him, strong feelings. He’d become my savior, and it was only right that I try to help him, too. Part of me recognized that an alpha like Hawk would never go for that, but it didn’t change the way I felt. 

“What was her name?” 

“Sonya,” came his short response.

I was surprised that he’d even told me, and it gave me the incentive to ask, “What was she to you?” His whole body tensed, but I kept smoothing my palm over his chest in an effort to keep him calm. I wanted to show Hawk that he didn’t have anything to fear with me, that he could trust me.

He sighed heavily. “She was my old lady.” His old lady? Hawk released a heavy breath and laid his head back. “The club’s equivalent of being a wife,” he explained, as if reading my thoughts.

“But you weren’t married?”
“Not in the legal sense.” He ran a hand over his eyes. “Look, I have some pictures I need you to look at.”

And just like that the discussion was over. I was forced to move when Hawk rolled out of bed. I let myself admire his masculine backside as he walked to his dresser, marveling again at how solid and sexy he was. He was physically beautiful to look at. I couldn’t deny the pleasant warmth that flooded my core, or the itch in my palms to touch him. He picked up some snap shots and returned to the bed, holding them down at me.

“What am I looking for?” I asked, glancing at the picture at the top. It was a man getting ready to board a train. Tall, dark, and handsome came to mind. He also looked polished and wealthy.

“Let me know if you recognize anyone.”

The second and third pictures were very similar to the first, at least with respect to the men. They could have all been brothers. I frowned when it dawned on me that they all had something else in common, too, something that I didn’t want to admit, and that was that they all resembled the man that Dane had murdered.

“Look at them closely,” Hawk suggested. 

I moved on to the fourth picture. The man was standing at a podium, talking. He was dressed immaculately in a gray suit with a dark coat, which was open. There must have been a breeze, because his jet black hair looked wind-blown. People surrounded him, and it was obvious that the men closest to him were bodyguards. My gaze shifted casually to his face.

I froze.

“Audra?”

Hawk was standing over me. I reluctantly met his quiet, searching eyes, handing him the picture. “This is the man I saw Dane murder.”




Chapter 23

Hawk

Christ, it was fucking over. I wrapped my hand around Audra’s neck and pulled her to me for a hard kiss. I knew she’d have the softest, sweetest lips, and now that I’d had a taste of her I couldn’t seem to get enough. I intended to take my fill, too, and kiss her anytime I wanted, as much as I wanted. Even this one small indulgence turned me hard, and my dick was rising to the occasion. It didn’t hurt that she was open and giving in my arms, and seriously hot. 

If I didn’t break it off soon it would be too late, and I needed to contact Covacks with the news that we’d found his son’s killer. There would be plenty of time for us to fuck our brains out later. “Are you sure, babe?” She nodded. “You know who this man is?” I asked her.

“No. That day was the first time I saw him.”

“He’s the final piece of the puzzle,” I said, backing up from her. “He’s the end of Dane Winthrop.” I smiled at the relief filling her eyes, wondering if she was aware that she was so transparent. 

“What does that mean for us?” Audra asked, and I had to give her credit. She wasn’t afraid to speak her mind. 

She looked positively wild sitting there naked in my bed, that crazy red hair all around her. There was a faint touch of color on her cheeks, matching the rose on her pretty, slightly parted lips. The same fucking color drew my gaze to her nipples, hard, little crowns begging for my mouth. I followed the path over her large tits, down to the indentation of her waist, and the flare of her hips. My gaze narrowed at the bruises I’d left there when I’d been pounding my dick into her. 

I would be the only one to put bruises on her.

Fucking hell, I wanted to fuck her again and leave new bruises, especially when I knew that she’d be dripping wet for me. I wanted to feel her clench around my dick as it thickened inside her, and milk the cum from my balls. Fuck me, I’d never wanted a woman as much as I wanted her. Before I could stop myself I let lust rule my intentions and I reached for her, pulling her to her knees. She sucked in her breath.

“It hasn’t been ten minutes since I had my dick inside you and I fucking want you all over again.” I watched heated awareness flare in her eyes at my harsh words. “I swore I’d never let another woman get to me.”

Her smiling mouth trembled. “Am I getting to you?” she asked in a teasing voice. 
“This isn’t a game, babe, I was going to let you go,” I growled down into her face. “But you’re mine, completely.” I ran my hand from above her tits to her knees, touching the wet curls between her thighs as I went. She sighed and parted her legs so that I had complete access. “No one else will touch this body.” I wrapped my hand into her hair and jerked her head back. “No one else will tangle his hand in this hair.” I lowered my face down to hers. “No one else will kiss these fucking lips.” I kissed her roughly, biting and sucking on her bottom lip, groaning in the face of her surrender. “So yes, you are getting to me.”

“You don’t sound very happy about it.”

She’d noticed. I decided to be as honest as I could. “I’m not sure how I feel about it. One minute I want to toss you across my knee and the next I want to tie you to my bed and fuck us both into exhaustion. You’ve been nothing but trouble since I laid eyes on you.”

“But I’m getting to you,” she said smugly.

I growled low, dropping my hands to her ass and squeezing the luscious mounds. “Yes,” I said reluctantly.

“Good to know because you’re getting to me, too, Hawk.” Audra threw herself against me like a wild tiger, kissing me with soft lips while her claws raked over my flesh. 

I transferred my hands to her shoulders. I’d meant to push her away because I had shit to do, but I found myself crushing her against me instead. Her nipples were like hard little rocks digging into my chest. As I wrapped my arm around her waist, Audra gave a little jump and curled her legs around mine. The next thing I knew she was falling backwards and taking me with her. My dick found her opening without any trouble and I bottomed out with one plunge.

“Oh!” Audra sighed, arching to meet my thrusts. 

“Jesus I can’t get enough of you.” I let my body take over. It felt too fucking good being inside Audra’s wet heat. The urge to fuck her fast and hard soon turned in to more than an impulse, and I was doing just that. “Hold on tight, baby. I’m gonna come so fucking hard.”

“Yes!” she cried out, tightening her thighs against my sides, clawing at my back. She leaned forward, surprising me by licking at my nipple.

“I own you, baby. Say it.” 

“You own me!” Audra said without hesitation. “You’re the only man I want, Hawk.”

“Fucking, right!” I growled, feeling my orgasm build. “Now get ready for my cum, baby. I’m gonna put so much inside you that there won’t be room for it all!”

“Yeeess!” she hissed, arching wildly.
I groaned, feeling my dick swelling against her slick walls, which closed around me like a snug glove. Too snug. I was getting ready to explode, but there was no fucking way I was going to come before her. I found her engorged clit and as soon as I pinched it Audra was screaming and shaking out her release.  

“Haaawwwk!” 

At the sound of my name dying out on her lips I lost control. Sweet, fucking release poured out of my body, filling the cavity that was even now squeezing and milking my dick. I roared out like a fucking animal claiming his mate, grinding my pelvis against Audra’s. I wanted her to take all of my cum, every last drop, until she was marked with my scent and there would be no questions as to who she belonged to. 

I thought my heart was going to explode out of my chest as I collapsed onto her. Her legs unwrapped from around my waist to fall on either side of me. Panting, sweating, totally spent, my dick slowly deflated and slid out of her steamy wetness. Within minutes I felt the change in Audra. She was a little too relaxed, her breathing a little too shallow. I leaned back, not surprised to see that she’d dozed off. I should have been pissed, but I grinned instead. She’d been through a lot. I pushed away from her, covering her with the sheet. 

Twenty minutes later I was down in the meeting room, Rock sitting next to me as we made a conference call to Covacks. 

Covacks didn’t waste any time. “You have news for me?” 

“Dane Winthrop killed your son.” I didn’t waste time either.

I wondered how he would take the news that his partner had done it. After a brief pause he asked, “You’re sure about this?” I’d never heard his tone so cold and deadly before. Guess that answered my question about how he would take it. Winthrop was already dead.

“There was an eye witness.”

“Who? Someone you trust?” 

I wasn’t about to admit that I didn’t trust anyone, yet my gut told me that Audra was telling the truth. Rock chuckled to himself because he knew how I felt. “His girlfriend at the time. She was there when it went down. She didn’t know who Winthrop killed, but she picked Dominick’s picture out as the man he’d shot.”

Again there was a significant pause. “So that’s why she ran away from him?”

“Yeah, that and he beat her to keep her quiet.”

“I see.” Silence came over the line. He was thinking again. “I’m curious as to how she came to be in your company, Hawk.”  
I could hear the suspicion in his tone. I couldn’t say that I blamed him, either. I’d had my own doubts about Audra in the beginning. I didn’t owe him an explanation, but we had an alliance and it would benefit the club to stay on Covacks’ good side. “Last Hope is a small place. Picked her up at a service station on the way out of town. She was running and scared.”

“So you’re saying it was a coincidence?”

“You don’t believe in coincidences?” I shot back, not giving a fuck if he did or not. I didn’t like the way this was going. “I’d think you’d be more interested in getting the man who killed your only son, not in how his girlfriend came to be in my club. He made a move on her this morning−”

“He was there in Maine?” Covacks sounded surprised.

Looked like we were back on track. “Yeah, flew his private plane in on a private air strip on some farm, but he’s on his way back to Vegas now.”

“So he’s alive,” Covacks murmured, as if to himself. 

“That was the condition, wasn’t it?” Rock snickered at my not so subtle attempt to remind Covacks about the reward he’d offered up. 

A deep, long breath came across the line. “The money will be wired into your account tomorrow. Have someone call in the morning with the information.” He hung up.

“Well, that was just rude,” Rock joked, sitting back in his chair.

“Can you blame him, brother? His son is dead, and now he’s told that his fucking partner killed him. Not a good day for Covacks.”

“Not a good day for Winthrop.” Rock crossed his arms. “So, looks like your woman was fucking trouble after all, but in a good way. Made the club a shit load of money.” I couldn’t argue with him. “What are you gonna do with her now?” 

I gave him a crooked grin, thinking about all the ways that I was going to claim Audra. “I’m claiming her.”

His brows arched. “You don’t say. I didn’t see that coming.” 

“Fuck you,” I snarled, grinning. 

“Hey, look, I think it’s about time you moved on with your life. You’ve let Sonya ruin yours long enough, brother.” I gave him a hard look for bringing her name up. He shrugged. “Fuck, Hawk. You let her have more control over you in death than you ever did when she was alive.”

If he were anyone else I would have flown over the table and slammed my fist into his face. Rock knew how I felt, knew how fast rage over Sonya’s fucking betrayal could surface. Some of what he said was true. As much as Sonya had destroyed me, had almost destroyed the club, the situation with her had also left me more guarded, stronger to do what I needed to do, and able to put my brothers needs over my own. She’d destroyed my trust in women, but not my ability to protect the club. 

Her betrayal had taught me to look beyond tits and pussy, to analyze carefully what was coming my way when a woman got too close. Club girls were predictable and relatively harmless. Sexy little civilians like Audra were aphrodisiacs and poison combined in one tasty swallow. 

Best to avoid their kind all together. 

Until you couldn’t. 

I’d reached that point with Audra. I fucking wanted her. There was no sense in denying it anymore. I don’t think she understood what it meant to belong to me, but she would soon enough. I knew that she was curious about what had happened in my past, that she thought she could tame the beast and make everything all right. Fuck, maybe she could. I’d tell her about Sonya eventually, but when I was ready, and not until then. 

“What about Dirk, we gonna let him know the heat’s off his club?”

“What club?” I smirked, and Rock laughed, nodding in understanding. “Nah, give it a couple months. Figure by then most of them will have lost interest and realize an MC isn’t worth the trouble. Besides, we don’t need a fucking inept MC around.”

“Now that shit has calmed down, how about we take a trip to Last Hope?” 

Rock’s suggestion made me smile, he’d been itching to go. “We’ve been fighting, and now you want more?”
 
He shrugged. “Different kind of fighting, might be good for the brothers to get away for a few days. Now that this shit is over we can relax a little and enjoy some recreational interests.”

“Won’t be over until Winthrop is dead and six feet under,” I reminded him. 

“I doubt Covacks will let any grass grow under his feet.”

I thought about it for a minute. My brothers deserved this. With the huge payout we’d just secured, the club could afford to splurge, and I could use a good fight since I would be denied the satisfaction of killing Dane Winthrop myself. It was too bad that he couldn’t be killed more than once. I wanted to squeeze the fucking life out of him, watch his eyes roll back and his face turn purple, feel his body go limp, all the fucking pleasure Covacks’ was going to experience.

I stood up. “Put it together, brother. No reason we can’t leave day after tomorrow. This is a pleasure trip, so if they want to bring their women, they can.”

“What about sweetbutts?”

“Only if they come with an unattached brother. I don’t want any fucking trouble on the road.”

Some of the brothers weren’t faithful to their women, especially those who hadn’t put a ring on it yet. Sweetbutts knew which ones they could fuck and which ones to stay away from when the members’ women were around, but nothing was sacred when there was partying going on. Booze and pot had a way of lowering inhibitions and creating trouble.

I went out front to see how the repairs were going to the public bar. The windows and most of the damaged furniture had been replaced. Walls had been plastered and were now being painted. The decision to close the bar for a couple of days had come from Snake. I hadn’t liked it, but since I’d given him full control over the clean-up, I couldn’t say anything. The restaurant hadn’t been affected, thank fuck. I spied Snake coming from the direction of the kitchen.

“What’s up?”

“Just keeping our return customers happy,” he grinned.  “We’ve been sending our usual bar hoppers over there for a free appetizer when they show up here, knocks their pissed-off attitudes for coming all the way out here right off their faces.” 

I nodded. “Good call, brother. Insurance giving us any trouble for the repairs?” 

“Not now.” I raised a brow, encouraging him to explain. “They started to, especially when I told them we wanted to replace the windows with bullet-proof glass. Said it wasn’t covered.  I had to remind them how high our fucking premiums are.”

Yeah, we were probably paying the same premiums any business owner did, but we paid under the table for extra coverage with no questions asked. “Sounds like you have it all under control,” I said, satisfied. “Let Rosie know I’ll be in for dinner tonight.”

“Just you?” Snake was being nosey.

“Fuck, no. If I wanted to eat alone I could do it at home or up in my room.” I was going to take Audra home so she could clean up and put on that fucking sexy dress, and then bring her back for a good meal. 

There’d been speculation in the beginning that opening up a biker bar and nice restaurant side-by-side would never work, but we’d made it work, mostly because the people who frequented both places didn’t mix, and it helped that they were at opposite ends of the huge house with the kitchen and storage areas separating them. A lot of money and renovation had gone into making that work. The so-called law abiding citizens of Solon and surrounding towns came for a good, inexpensive meal while the bar pulled in biker-types and partiers, who just wanted to drink, watch the girls grind the poles, and hang out. 

Fuck those who said a biker club couldn’t run a legal business and make it work. We’d gone to extremes to show that we weren’t all about trouble and breaking the law. It had cost us a lot of green to open up some eyes, mainly those of the town hall officials, and all because we wore leather with a 1% patch, rode motorcycles, and liked to live hard. 

Biased pricks. 





“You almost ready, baby?” I hollered up to Audra. I was down in my kitchen, waiting for her to make an appearance. 

It hadn’t taken me long to shower and change into clean jeans and a Phantom Riders MC t-shirt, biker boots and my cut. I’d borrowed some shit from one of the club girls and told Audra to do whatever it was women did to knock em dead and then come down. Not that she wasn’t fucking beautiful just the way she was, but I knew that having make-up and hair done right was important to women when they went out. I also knew that if I hadn’t come down when I had that we would never have left. No, I’d be buried balls deep inside her sweet pussy and wouldn’t have come out until morning.

I thrummed my fingers against the cold granite of the island countertop separating the kitchen from the living room. A noise drew my gaze upwards, and I nearly swallowed my fucking tongue. I stopped thrumming and breathing at the same time. In an instant I was hard. I couldn’t take my eyes off Audra and the way she looked in that fucking black dress. It was skin tight, loving her luscious curves like it had a fucking right to. It was short, showing off her shapely thighs enough to tell me that if it were a couple of inches higher I would have full access to her juicy pussy. Not even the bandage on her thigh took away from her sex appeal.

Other than lip gloss, which I was going to chew off those soft, full lips, she’d left off the makeup. I was glad, I didn’t like the taste of that shit anyway, and I planned on doing a lot of face kissing and jaw nibbling. She’d piled that wild hair of hers up, but enough of the fiery curls had rebelled and were resting like little cork screws against her neck. I was going to enjoy losing my hands in that soft mass later. Shit, I wanted to eat her up now.

I walked to the foot of the stairs, my gaze eating her up as she descended like fucking Cinderella arriving at the ball. She halted when she was eye level with me. The slightest trembling smile on her mouth and the knowledge in her eyes revealed that she knew what she was doing to me. She enjoyed bringing me to my fucking knees. As I inhaled her tantalizing scent, I wrapped an arm around her waist and jerked her to me. She gasped, her hands coming up to rest against my chest.

“Fuck, you’re beautiful,” I growled, kissing her. My libido went into full fucking alert.
“You’ve been fighting this for so long,” Audra whispered against my mouth when we parted slightly. 

“And now I can’t get enough.” My hands dropped to her waist. She was so tiny, and yet all woman. If I’d wanted to I could easily have crushed her. 

“Where have you been all my life?” she asked, looking deeply into my eyes. “I’ve been attracted to you from the start. This whole thing is so weird, Hawk.”

“Yeah, it is babe. Just take it one day at a time.” 

She smiled as if she knew a secret that I didn’t. “Is that what you’re going to do?”

“The way I live my life, I take it one minute at a time. Things have a way of not working out the way you expect them to. People have a way of disappointing you.” We’d both gone through that particular hell. “You ready to go?”

“Is this a date?” Audra asked teasingly.

“Fuck, no, I don’t date.”

“Then what is it?”

“Whatever you want it to be, babe. After the shit that’s gone down, I think you deserve a quiet evening and nice dinner.”

“And then what?”

She batted those fucking long lashes at me and I found myself grinning. “What do you think happens?”

“I want to hear you say the words, Hawk.” Her husky tone affected me but not nearly as much as the feel of her hand cupping my dick over my jeans. I found myself thrusting into her. She squeezed. I clenched my teeth and groaned. 

When I couldn’t stand it anymore I reached down and grabbed her around the wrist. Instead of pulling her away I pressed her hand tight, moving it up and down and relieving some of the ache in my dick. “Baby, there’s nothing I’d like more than to strip you down and fuck you raw.” I pulled her bottom lip between my teeth and chewed on it a little. “I’ll leave it up to you what you want to do first.” I wanted to make it clear that either way, she was getting fucked.

As if on cue her belly rolled with sounds of emptiness. We both laughed and pulled apart. “Maybe you should feed me first. I have a feeling I’ll need my strength.”

“Let’s go then.” I took her by the hand. 




Chapter 24

Audra

I glanced down at my empty plate, surprised that I’d eaten the whole steak. Granted, it was a small filet mignon, but I wasn’t a big red meat eater. It had been cooked to perfection and was too tasty to waste. I did, however, leave half my baked potato, which Hawk wasted no time in helping himself to. When he noticed it going ignored he simply reached over with his fork, speared it, and dropped it onto his empty plate.

The atmosphere of the brightly lit restaurant was quiet and almost intimate. When we’d first arrived there we’d been taken to a table in the corner which allowed us to observe the whole room. I couldn’t help but notice that Hawk was very observant of what was going on, but that was usual for him. The man was always on guard, ready to react if he needed to.

We ate our meal in silence, giving each other an occasional glance. Hawk’s looks were dark and intense, as if he was looking into my soul for answers. Every time I caught him looking at me I grew warm inside, squeezing my legs together to relieve the constant itch there. It was amazing how fast and hard my body responded to him. All those years of thinking Dane was what I wanted paled with what I felt from just one look from Hawk. 

Great. I saw our waitress walking over, a young twenty something woman wearing a uniform that was two sizes too small and showing too much cleavage, in my opinion, anyway. She’d found every reason that she could think of to keep returning to our table. What she wanted was clear in the brown lust-filled eyes that ate Hawk up. Her nipples looked like tiny headlights and were directed right at him. I rolled my eyes, glancing at Hawk and catching his smirk. The man knew what he did to women, and as far as I was concerned, his acceptance of her flirting only encouraged her.

“Would anyone like dessert?” she reached our table and asked.

Hawk’s gaze never left mine. “My dessert is sitting right across from me.”

Well, at least that was something. I caught my breath, glancing up in time to see the waitress’s expression go from intense interest in him to confused perusal of me. I wanted to laugh. It was obvious she was looking for a reason that he might prefer me over her. Was she one of his ex’s? 

“Nothing for me, thanks.” 

Her goo-goo eyes moved back to Hawk. “Sure I can’t tempt you with something?” Her voice was dripping with obvious innuendo, and when she licked her lips I lost my cool.
“Am I invisible?” I snapped. She dragged her gaze away from Hawk, showing surprise at my bitchy outburst. “Or are you that stupid? Can’t you see that we’re−” I motioned from Hawk to me and back again, “Together? You can stand there all you want and make a fool of yourself, but I’m the only pussy he’s getting into tonight.”

The girl’s brows lifted, her eyes grew round, and her face turned beet red. She could only blink and stare at me like an idiot. Maybe I had been invisible up to that point. As she was clearly at a loss for words, I turned my glare on Hawk. The whole thing was his fault. The amusement in his eyes pissed me off and I kicked him beneath the table, which only made his grin bigger. Finally, the waitress walked off with less of a swing in her step.

“Is she one of your ex’s?”

“A wanna be ex.”

“Nice. Maybe you can move on to her when you’re done with me.”

His expression sobered. “She’ll be old and gray by then.” His comment took the fire right out of me. “Come here.” 

I blinked, wondering what he’d do if I ignored him, scooting over anyway because it was exactly where I wanted to be. “Okay, now what?” I asked, locking eyes with him.

“We need to talk.” 

It was what I’d been expecting. My gaze fell to his smooth lips, wishing that he’d kiss me. “And we couldn’t do that with me over there?” 

“I wanted you close in case you need persuading,” he explained with a sexy grin. 

The glimmer in his eye held me spellbound. I was used to seeing them dark and cold. “Is this about our, ah situation?” He nodded. “I know you’ve said that I belong to you, but I’m not sure what that means. Is it just something you said in the heat of the moment, or−”

“Right up until the moment you picked out Dominick’s face I was going to turn your ass loose. I couldn’t wait to get you the fuck out of my life. I didn’t like what you were doing to me. I wanted you too fast, too hard, all the fucking time. Sonya had cured me of letting my emotions get involved with my dick. It was easier fucking without all that other shit, sticking to the kind of women who expected me to be a bastard.”

“I’m not like those other women, Hawk,” I reminded him softly.

“You think I didn’t fucking know that the moment I laid eyes on you? Yet still I wanted you, so fucking bad that I just took you. I treated you like the women I was used to.””

“I didn’t complain.”
“Yeah.  I noticed.”

“You got to me, too,” I said, meaning it. “Tell me what it means to be owned by you.”

“It’s simple, babe. You’re mine and I’m yours. I claim you in front of my brothers, so they all know you’re not to be messed with. I take care of you. As my woman you’ll gain the respect of the club and be protected.” 

“Is that what an old lady is?” He nodded, and I knew he was watching my reaction carefully. “Why? You don’t love me.”

“I want you, babe. I don’t know what I feel for you exactly, but I want you with me. You have to decide what you want to do. Nothing is guaranteed. If you want to leave I’ll help you get to where you want to go.”

 “You’d miss me,” I teased, a little sad that he’d let me go if I wanted to leave.

“Yeah, I fucking would. Look, you’ve seen what kind of life we live. It’s full of danger and chaos, but it’s what we thrive on. We don’t live by the same rules and laws that you’re used to. Most of us have businesses and homes outside the club, but some of the shit we do isn’t legal, and things can get ugly fast. If you decide to stay you’d become part of that life, and there’s no going back, Audra. If you’re in, you’re in all the fucking way.”

I thought about what Hawk was saying. I wanted to stay with him. The difference between us was that my heart was involved, while it was only physical for him. Either that or he just couldn’t bring himself to admit how he really felt. Sonya had hurt him so badly that maybe he was beyond repair. No, that sad thought left my mind right away. He’d finally kissed me, hadn’t he? 

“You don’t have to decide now. In a couple days we’re going to Last Hope. There’s a place there were biker clubs meet up to reconnect and do a little recreational fighting. It will give you a chance to see more of what MCs are all about.”

“You mean besides killing?” His eyes darkened, and I knew that I’d said the wrong thing. I quickly made amends by saying, “I’d like that, Hawk.” 

“Good. You ready to go home?” 

Home. Yes, I acknowledged with a slight nod. Before I could move away, Hawk slid his hand around the back of my neck and pulled me in for a hard kiss. I opened my mouth so our tongues could connect, tasting his heat and wanting more. His touch, his kiss, fired me up faster than I could keep up with. I knew what awaited me when we got home, and I was eager to get to it. My insides were turning to liquid fire as he made love to my mouth with his, ending the kiss by drawing my bottom lip into his mouth and sucking on it.

Without warning I felt his hand between my legs. “What are you doing?” I gasped.
“Just checking to see if you’re wet for me.”  

The tickle of his fingers caused me to open my legs more as he inched his way toward my pussy. “I’ve been wet for you all evening.”

“Fuck, babe—” His finger moved aside the thin strip covering my mound and slipped inside with ease. 

“I told you.” I closed my eyes and moaned, before reminding myself that we were in a public restaurant and sitting at a table with no table cloth. My eyes snapped open to see who might be witnessing our actions. “I thought we were going home.” I shuddered when he flicked across my clit. “Hawk—”

He growled, took my hand and pulled me with him out of the booth. The fact that he didn’t pay the bill didn’t surprise me since his club owned the restaurant, and no one stopped us as we made our way out the door. Hawk led me to his bike in fast strides, and I smiled, recognizing that he was a man on a mission. Once he got me settled on his bike, him on the seat with me facing him in the front, I realized we weren’t going to make it home. 

“I can’t believe we’re going to do this here.”

“Believe it. When I want you Audra, I don’t wait. It doesn’t matter where or when.” He ripped the tiny scrap of my panties away and once again his finger was sinking into my pussy. “Your cunt is fucking ready for my dick.” 

It was always ready for his dick, but I wasn’t going to tell him that. I watched him, speechless, as he quickly undid his jeans and took his cock out. My gaze moved around the parking lot with nervous anticipation, praying that no one appeared to witness my undoing, because I knew that I would be undone by the time Hawk finished with me. Then, without warning, without hesitation, Hawk grabbed my upper thighs and pulled me onto his ready shaft.

“Ooohh!” I cried out, and then bit down on my bottom lip to stop any further sounds from escaping. I threw my head back and thrust my hips forward, needing more. Hawk tilted my hips until he was bottomed out and I could feel him everywhere. His deep growl sounded like a wounded animal, and like an animal claiming his mate, he sank his teeth into my neck.

He didn’t waste any time in moving, shoving into my body with steady thrusts designed for only one pleasurable outcome. It was going to be fast and uncontrolled, and I could already feel my orgasm climbing. Every time Hawk plunged into my body he hit all the right angles until a tiny explosion blossomed in my core into one, earth-shattering climax. I came undone. Almost immediately I felt him follow.

He slammed his mouth down on mine as we peaked, released, and convulsed against each other helplessly. It wasn’t long before I was filled with his seed and slipping on the bike as it dribbled out of me. I tore my mouth from Hawk’s to catch my breath, clinging to him so that I wouldn’t fall to the ground. His breathing was harsh against my ear. Eventually our breathing calmed, and we relaxed. 

“I was never going to make it home with your fucking cunt snug against my ass.” I moved back to meet his eyes, wondering how many other women he’d fucked on his bike. “The only other woman I’ve fucked on my bike was Sonya,” he said, reading my mind. 

I’d had a feeling. “Will you tell me about her?” He leaned his forehead against mine, a deep sigh passing through his lips. “I need to know what I’m up against, Hawk.”

“Sonya is the past.”

“And she’s—”

He put a finger against my lips.  “Not here and not now.” 

I was disappointed, but I had to respect Hawk’s wishes to keep that part of his life private. Maybe as time passed and he began to realize that he could trust me, he’d tell me. That is, if I decided to stay with him. If it were a question of just being with Hawk, it would have been a no brainer, but he came with a club, and what that entailed was a different matter. I wasn’t sure I had what it takes to live in his world.

He effortlessly swung around onto the seat. I wrapped my arms around his middle and snuggled against his backside. The ride home went uneventfully. No vans following us, there weren’t any shoot outs, just a peaceful ride beneath a star-studded sky on a quiet, winding road. Being underdressed, I was thankful for Hawk’s bulk protecting me from the cool air. My hands and arms, however, were frozen by the time we pulled up to his home.

He reached back and helped me off his bike. “I won’t be long, babe.” He handed me a key. “Head on inside while I put my bike away.”

I leaned forward and brushed my lips across his in a tender kiss. “Okay.” His smile warmed me as I turned and headed for the door. My hand was on the doorknob when I heard the sound of his bike take off. I fumbled with the key.

I didn’t see the shadow move up quietly behind me.

As an arm come around my waist I opened my mouth to scream while at the same time a hand covered my nose and mouth. I didn’t know what was on the cloth, I only had time to acknowledge that it smelled sweet, unique, nothing like I’d ever smelled before, and then I was sinking into a black abyss where nothing else mattered.


Hawk

I pulled my bike into the garage, cut the engine, and sat there. I didn’t want to think about Sonya, but Rock was right. The bitch still had her claws in me, even ten years later. I pinched the bridge of my nose, trying not to think about the ton of shit that had gone down. She’d been pure evil, wrapped up in a seductress’ body and a beautiful face. If I’d looked beyond the package I would have seen the cold darkness in her eyes. She’d had no soul.

From the beginning she’d played me.

Her killer looks had won me over and made me blind to what she really was. I’d ignored my brother’s warnings that she was no good, too high and cocky over the thought that an older woman wanted me, and for more than just sex. I’d just been patched into the club, so I hadn’t been naive to club life, just to women and how their devious minds worked. Before Sonya, my experience had been limited to sweetbutts. There’d been no reason to go looking for civilian pussy with whores around giving it up freely. 

Sonya had set her sights on me, and I’d been a sucker. Once she’d got her hooks in me, nothing else had mattered. I’d loved her blindly. She’d wormed her way into the club until she was in so deep that she knew the running of it, knew shit she shouldn’t have, because I’d been reckless. Trusting her, I’d believed that she’d loved me, when all along she’d been a fucking mole, planted there by the Russian mob. All those sweet nothings she’d whispered in my ear had been exactly that, sweet fucking nothings.

It hadn’t become clear just how devious and evil Sonya was until she aborted my baby. She’d thrown that little bit of news in my face while I was being tortured. It had also revealed how loyal she was to the Russians. Until then they hadn’t been able to break me, but looking up into her twisted face as she screamed the words in my face, the truth was in her eyes. She enjoyed hurting me. I’d never forget the sick pleasure transforming her features when she realized just how much. I swore then that I’d never let another woman get to me.

That was the day I died inside, the day my heart turned to fucking stone. And even as love and hate had fought for control deep inside me, I knew in the end, if I survived what they had planned for me, that I’d kill her. Their plan to destroy the club had been the Russian mob’s main goal, payback for a hit gone wrong and the bombing of their meth lab, a huge plant in Brooklyn. Apparently the bedroom talk between me and Sonya hadn’t yielded the information they’d been looking for. So on the pretext of a midnight ride to our secret spot in the mountains, Sonya had lured me into a fucking ambush.

They’d wanted to know who’d arranged the hit on their leader, Ivan Orlov, the vicious attempt that had left him in a vegetative state. They’d known the club was involved, but they hadn’t known to what degree. Yeah, we’d fucking known who put out the hit, but none of us would divulge his name, and I’d known I’d go to my grave with the secret. They’d threatened to do a lot of damage to my body, fuck, they’d done a lot of damage. It had taken me months to come back from the burns, stab wounds, and broken bones. The psychological destruction had been worse.

I’d wanted to take my own life because of the trouble I’d brought to the club.
In the end, my brothers had saved me, but at a high cost. The president of our club then, Crazy, along with nine other brothers, had gone down, leaving the club crippled. 

And Sonya had been killed. A single bullet to her brain had snuffed out the evil light in her eyes.

I gave my head a shake, bringing myself out of the dark thoughts that were numbing me. It was all in the past. Audra was my future, if I let her in. I’d already given her more than any other woman. I’d felt drawn to her from the start. Maybe she was my fucking salvation. 

I left the garage and walked to the front of the house, wondering why Audra hadn’t turned the lights on. I got my answer when I turned the doorknob to find that it was still locked. My gut sent out a warning to my brain and I swung around, withdrawing my gun, squinting into the darkness, holding my breath while listening.

The dark silence surrounding me explained everything.

Someone had taken my woman.




Chapter 25

Audra

Oh, God. My head! It felt as if it were about to explode, probably adding to the nausea I felt. I tried to open my eyes but the lids were too heavy. I was unable to move, yet the sensation of floating left me confused. I could make out sounds through my muddled thoughts, my breathing, the drip of a faucet, someone, more than one person, mumbling something I couldn’t make out. I swallowed, searching my jumbled memories for what had happened. Giving into the drifting fog, back to where nothing mattered, was a strong temptation, but I forced myself to stay conscious.

I blinked, determined to keep my eyes open a little longer each time, but the room was swimming around me and the nausea became too much, forcing me to shut them. This went on for several minutes, until the feeling gradually subsided. Now I was staring up at a concrete ceiling that showed water stains and damage that I guessed had come from age. It didn’t take me long to realize that I was tied down to a bed.

“Well, well, look who’s awake.” I didn’t recognize the voice, but relief rushed through me when I saw the police uniform. “You’re a very pretty lady.” Relief turned to instant fear at his smirk. He brushed the back of his hand over my cheek in a caress that made me uneasy. 

 I turned my cheek from his caress. “Please…who are you, what’s going on?” All he did was run his hand over me in a rough move that resembled more of an examination than a caress. “Don’t touch me.” Even to my ears, my voice sounded weak.

He wrapped his fingers around my lower jaw and jerked me back around. “You have a lot of nerve, considering you’ve been spreading your legs for both Hawk and Dane Winthrop.” My eyes widened at the mention of Dane’s name, and a sick feeling settled into my stomach. Was he a friend of Dane’s? “Yeah, you should be afraid. You must really be a good fuck for him to risk so much to get you back.”

I had to know what I was up against. “You work for Dane?”

The man snorted, and then shook his head. “You’ll wish I did by the time I’m done with you. He wants you alive.” His hand traveled down my neck. “That would ruin my plans.”

Oh, God! He was going to kill me! Panic rose like an invisible demon, overtaking my body. “Why are you doing this?”

“Because I hate the Phantom Riders, and I hate Hawk more. I’ve waited years to get my revenge on them. I thought by joining the police force and transferring here it would have been easy, but the fucking police chief is on their payroll and has thwarted every attempt I’ve made to pin something significant on them. After a while, I knew that wanting to put them away just wasn’t going to be enough. I wanted to destroy Hawk completely. Having you is going to help me accomplish that.”

I swallowed hard. “Hawk doesn’t care about me,” I said in desperation.

He laughed sarcastically. “I know that’s what you’d like me to believe, but we both know that you’re his woman. And I’m going to break you like he did my Sonya, before delivering you at his doorstep, naked and bloody, barely recognizable.” 

Sonya? “No!” I gasped out, pulling against the ropes holding me.

“Sonya was my older sister. There’s never been any proof, but I know Hawk killed her. I’m going to enjoy fucking you. I’m going to stick my dick in every fucking hole you have. By the time I send your body back to him it will be full of my cum.”

The vision made me sick. “Hurting me−,” I swallowed hard, trying to keep the bile down, “Killing me won’t bring Sonya back.”

“No, but it will hurt Hawk. And then I’ll pin your murder on him, and stand back and watch him and his club fall.” He laughed a sick and twisted way, and I knew that I was dealing with a madman. He had to be if he’d been planning something like this for years. “I just put in a call to my chief to let him know that I was on to something big.”

“You’re sick!” I hissed, finally accepting that I couldn’t escape the ties at my wrists and ankles. All I did was manage to cause myself pain as the rope cut into my flesh. I fell back to the bed, breathing hard. “What, do you plan to rape me while I’m tied helplessly to this bed?”  Maybe I could shame him enough to gain some kind of mental control. Sheer desperation made me reckless. Baiting him was stupid, but just maybe it would work in my favor. “Afraid I’ll overpower you? Afraid of a woman?”

His evil laugh held little humor. The coldness in his eyes made me shiver.  “I know what you’re trying to do.” In the next instant he put his hand between my legs and covered my mound, reminding me that I wasn’t wearing any panties. “So warm down here.”

“Noooo!” I groaned, feeling his hand against my naked flesh. I tried to twist away, my pitiful attempt making him laugh harder. He had me spread eagle so I couldn’t even cross my legs against him.

“Ah, you’re wet. I see Hawk didn’t use a condom when he had his dick inside you tonight. It was quite a show, watching him fuck you on his bike. Even turned me on.”

“Fuck you!” I squeezed my eyes shut and bit down on my bottom lip hard when his finger flicked up and down the entrance of my pussy. Tears gathered hotly behind my eye lids, and there was nothing I could do to stop them from escaping. 
“You’re nothing but a spineless coward!” I hissed, glaring up at him through angry tears. I lifted, bumped, and twisted my hips in a vain effort to dislodge his impending invasion, and then stopped when I was afraid he’d think I was getting off on what he was doing. 

He pulled his hand away, his face turning red at my insult. The knife he produced took my breath away as I envisioned the damage and pain it would cause cutting into my flesh, but he only slashed through the rope around my ankles. I didn’t fool myself into believing that he was going to release me. I held my breath when he sat down next to me and slowly brought the knife up to study the blade.

I knew he was doing it for effect. He had total control, and his twisted, cruel expression told me that he was going to enjoy every second of what he had planned for me. The thought of being cut was terrifying, but somewhere deep down the will to survive bubbled up, keeping me sane. If I had any hope of getting out of this, I needed to draw on all of my instincts, and right then they were telling me to keep up my brave front and challenge him, because seeing any fear is what he really wanted.
	
Fear would feed into his madness.

He wanted me to beg for my life, but I wouldn’t do it. Not yet, not while there was still a chance I could get the upper hand. He looked down at me, and I could tell that he was waiting for some kind of reaction. I tried not to look at the knife. It wasn’t that big, but it didn’t have to be. It was pointed and looked sharp. I shuddered inside.

“You’re not afraid I’ll cut you?” he asked, bringing the blade up to my cheek. “So beautiful,” he murmured in a low tone, his eyes clouding over with a memory. “Like my sister was when her life was cut short. She didn’t deserve to die.”

“No one does,” I responded, unable to ignore the smooth surface of the blade that he held against my skin. “I’m sorry she died.” Maybe I could appeal to his forgiving side. The way he was staring off into space told me that he was remembering her. His expression softened, but it didn’t last. I watched the faraway haze in his eyes clear and return to the present.

“Yes.” He nodded. “And I’m sorry you will be the one to pay for that, but since you seem to be Hawk’s flavor of the moment…” He shrugged with indifference.

Before I knew what he was going to do, he wrapped his hand around my chin, squeezed until my teeth cut into my inside cheeks, and kissed me. I moaned in protest and tried to turn my face away, but his hold was too strong. The more I pulled the harder he squeezed, and the more damage I did to the inside of my mouth. Finally, he threw my head back against the bed in a move that revealed how angry he’d grown.

“You think you’re too fucking good for me?” he snarled with his lips pulled back from his teeth, his eyes glittering with hatred. 

“Yes!” I hissed, trying to catch my breath, wishing I could wipe him off my mouth. “You’re insane! I am too good for you!”

He slapped me. Hard. My head swung to the side and I felt the taste of blood in my mouth.

I slowly turned to face him again, putting all the hatred I could in my eyes. “Yeah, it takes a real man to attack a woman when she’s tied up!”

“Bitch!” He brought the knife to the top of my dress and quickly slashed it open to the hem, not concerned if he cut me in the process. Every time I felt the bite of the blade against my flesh, I sucked in my breath, waiting for him to bury the knife deeper. The last thing he cut was the rope around my wrists, and then he was tossing the knife aside. I heard it hit the floor. “I’m going to enjoy this!” He pulled the edges of my ruined dress aside, letting his gaze run slowly over my body. “So fucking lovely.” His finger circled a nipple before pinching it cruelly.

Pain spiked through my body and I cried out, breaking the spell that he was in. His gaze shot up to my face, focusing again. His expression hardened, and before I knew it he had grabbed me by the waist and flipped me around, pulling me to my knees. I knew then what his intentions were. Hurtful hands clutched my hips as he thrust his hard cloth covered cock against my ass, his deep groan sounding over-loud in the room. The next thing I heard was the sound of him undoing his pants. 

My eyes rounded, as panic set in. I knew that I couldn’t let him rape me. Not without fighting him with every ounce of my being. If he took me I would either be unconscious or dead. Without thinking about what it would cost me I reared up and back, hitting him in the face with the back of my head as hard as I could. The sound of a satisfying crack, which I hoped was his broken nose, and the sound of his cry as he fell back, was music to my ears. I immediately took advantage of the situation and scrambled off the bed.

My elation of being free was short lived when I heard his snarl of rage. I didn’t think, I just ran blindly, having no idea where I was except that I was in what appeared to be some warehouse. Everything was concrete. All that mattered was that I escaped the madman behind me because I knew without a doubt that he was going to kill me. There’d been lighting in the room I was being held in, but it dimmed away into nothing the further I moved into the maze of never-ending halls and past doorways to empty rooms. 

“I’ll get you bitch!” The echoing sound of his voice was closer than I’d thought he could be. I kicked off my heels so he couldn’t hear me. “And when I do you’ll be very sorry!”

I remained silent, feeling my way down walls and through open doorways. Darkness consumed me, but not for long. Without warning I heard what sounded like a breaker being flipped, and then the whole damned place was lit up. I stopped moving instantly, frozen with utter disbelief. Why would the power still be on in an abandoned warehouse was my insane thought.

“You can’t escape me Audra!”
I searched the surrounding area with wild eyes, looking for a place to hide, while also looking for something that I could use as a weapon. The room I’d stumbled into had been some kind of office. A moment of elation filled me. I ignored the metal file cabinets, going straight for the desk. With a little luck I might find something inside one of the drawers. I pulled the first one out slowly, wincing at the sound of a protesting squeak. Waiting, I listened for a minute to see if the noise had given my location away, and then began to rummage through the messy contents. 

Nothing! Damn it! Just papers and other meaningless junk like paper clips, rubber bands, and Band-Aids. I reached for drawer number two, coming up empty handed again. I paused for a second, my gaze moving to the broken window. I rushed over to it, and my heart sank when I realized that we were on the third floor. I glanced down at the empty parking lot, coming to the conclusion that the building had been vacant for a long time. There were weeds and grass growing in the cracks of the concrete, and confetti everywhere. 

Dread settled over me as I realized that I was on my own, and that I was imagining the rumbling roar of motorcycles in the distance.

“There you are you fucking bitch.”

I swung around, clutching the torn edges of my dress together. He came charging through the doorway and into the room, his face flushed, hate glimmering in the eyes between his crooked, bleeding nose. I swallowed hard, knowing that my options were limited. I glanced behind me, back outside the dirty glass, contemplating jumping, but I knew that I wouldn’t. As I began to swing my gaze back to him I noticed a piece of jagged glass on the window ledge.

“Jumping to my death sounds more appealing than you touching me,” I said, positioning myself in front of the glass and reaching behind me. My fingers curled around the larger end of it.

With a roar he charged at me. I braced myself for impact and the instant his hands reached for my throat I brought my hand up and jabbed him in the neck. 

“You fucking cunt!” He stumbled back, reaching for the side of his neck and yanking out the glass that was sticking out of it. He threw it to the floor.

I knew that I hadn’t cut his aorta because the wound wasn’t squirting blood, as I’d hoped it would. As he stared at me with manic disbelief, I gave him a shove and ran past him. I’d just about reached the door when a shot rang out, hitting the doorjamb next to my head. I’d forgotten about his gun and I halted abruptly, a new realization flooding me. Tears sprang to my eyes when it dawned on me that he had thwarted every attempt I’d made to escape. 

“I didn’t want to use my gun, but your resourcefulness has forced me to. By the time anyone gets here it will be too late.”  He was behind me now, twisting his hand in my hair. “Your time is up.” He jerked me away from the doorway and into the hallway, forcing me back into the room where it had all begun. I saw the bed, a cot with a dirty mattress on it, and dug in my heels. Using my hair for leverage, he threw me toward it. I landed with a bounce and quickly got to my knees. 

“Strip.”

I shook my head, watching as he holstered his gun and removed his shirt. He ripped the sleeve off and wrapped it around his neck to stop the bleeding. Once that was done he removed his belt.

“I said ‘strip’!” He swung the belt at me, hitting me across the arm.

I cried out and grabbed my stinging arm. “You go to hell!”

The next time he swung, the belt caught me across the top of my thigh, close to my hip. The material dimmed the sting, but, this only pissed him off. With a growl of frustration he pulled his arm back and aimed toward my upper body. I instinctively turned sideways, covered my face, and screamed out when the leather snapped across my back. No amount of material would have protected me from the force and viciousness of this blow.

I screamed, tears flowing down my cheeks.

He shook his head slowly and made a tisking sound. “Why are you making this more difficult? It’s not going to change the outcome. I only wish I could be around to see Hawk’s face when he sees you for the first time, and knows that I used you.” 

He swung the belt again, this time catching me on my bare legs. I nearly bit through my bottom lip to keep from crying out, watching like a whipped kitten as he came to me. “I want you naked!” he growled, lifting me off the bed and ripping the dress from me in one easy pull. He slapped me several times before shoving me into the wall face first. “You broke my nose, it’s only fair that I break yours.” 

Blood began pouring out of my nose, and for a moment I saw stars. He yanked me back by my hair and smashed his mouth down over mine, rubbing the blood on our faces together. I gagged when he forced his tongue inside my mouth, then bit down on his hard. He jerked back and punched me so hard in the stomach that the breath left my body with a loud whoosh. His last punch doubled me over, and I vomited on his shoes. He jumped back, but not fast enough.

“I should gut you right now,” he ground out, close to my face.

Was that how he was going to kill me? I shivered, barely able to stand, leaning into him as much as he was holding me up. He began to drag me across the room. Through the haze of pain I saw the straps mounted on the wall, and I knew what he was going to do to me. No, no, no! I dug in my heels and leaned back into him in an effort to halt our progress. He only laughed and threw me against the wall. I hit it hard, the concrete scraping my flesh as I crumbled to the floor.

“Get up, bitch.” He yanked me to my feet by my hair. I was helpless to stop him from strapping my wrists into the restraints, leaving me fully exposed with my arms above my head. 

“Please—” I’m not sure what I was pleading for. I didn’t know if he’d managed to break my nose, but it hurt like hell and continued to bleed. “You’re a police officer.” The stupidity of my remark wasn’t lost on me, but the fact that he was wearing a uniform while attacking me was ludicrous. 

He smirked, standing back and running his gaze over me. “Hawk was a lucky bastard,” he said, completely ignoring my comment. When he reached forward I flinched and tried to sink inside myself, but it didn’t stop me from feeling his hands on my body. “Even messed up a little you’re still a looker.” He kept his eyes on mine with a sick smile on his cruel lips. 

“You repulse me.” I shuddered when his hand squeezed my breast. He raised his hand to slap me. I caught my breath and turned my face away, but the hit didn’t come. Instead I heard his sardonic chuckle. 

“I think your pretty face has had enough. I want Hawk to at least be able to recognize you when I’m done.” With that he pulled something from his pocket. “There are other ways to punish you.”

My gaze zeroed in on what he had in his hand, recognizing the bloody piece of glass that I’d used to stab him in the neck. Oh, God! I couldn’t stop a shiver from racking my body. Hawk, where are you? I couldn’t help but feel that my time was rapidly coming to an end.

“Cutting you won’t prevent me from sticking my dick in you.” With that he put the edge of the broken glass against the outside of my thigh, running a thin line down the length.

As I felt my flesh tear I jerked and screamed, the sound echoing throughout the warehouse as he cut through the bullet wound marring my thigh. Warm blood ran down my leg. Tears ran unchecked down my cheeks as realization hit that this was real, this was really going to be the end of me, and I’d never see Hawk again, would never experience the raw wonder of him, his touch, and his kisses. We’d just been in the beginning of us, having gone through so much to get there. 

Was he looking for me? Would he get to me in time? Life could be so cruel. He’d saved me from Dane, and now I was ingrained into his situation. 

I screamed when the bite of the glass cut into me again and again. Twisting against the straps to escape the pain only made it worse, as the leather burned and tore into my wrists. My helplessness amused him, and I wished that I could be strong enough not to reveal my pain, because every time I cried out he was taking away more of my sanity. The cuts were superficial, but each time he brought the glass down and dragged it across my flesh it felt as if he was branding me.

“Hawk will kill you for this,” I whispered, leaning my head back against the concrete, wanting to give up but fighting every step of the way. I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction, but I also didn’t know how much longer I could hold out, knowing that the void awaiting me would take away the pain. 

His fingers curled around my lower jaw as he forced me around.  He brought his face close to mine. “He’ll never know it was me. I’ve been planning this for years.” He grinned, pleased with himself, and I couldn’t take it any longer. I spit in his face. It was a pitiful move that only garnered me more abuse. He pulled back his upper lip and bit down on my shoulder. I felt my skin break with the viciousness of his attack. Waiting until my scream died down, he added, “I can’t wait to clamp the cuffs around his wrists for your murder.”

“You’re crazy if you think that will happen,” I said, staring at him with blurry vision. “Hawk’s smarter than you.”

“You keep defending him, but where is he? Huh?” He put the sharp edge of the bloody glass just beneath my chin and pressed. I felt sick, waiting for the plunge that might end my life. With a sneer, he turned the glass to the smooth side and then slowly brought it down my chest, between my breasts, over my bellybutton, and stopping at the top of my pelvis. “I think it’s time to start filling your body with cum.”

I shook my head. 

“Where should I start, huh?” His gaze settled on my mouth. “This pretty little mouth?” He seemed to think about it for a second before saying, “Nah. I’d have to release you for that and you’re still a little too feisty. How about this nice cunt?” He began to move the piece of glass over the hair covering my mound. “Or maybe your ass? I don’t usually fuck women there, but for you I’m going to make an exception.”

I squeezed my eyes closed, praying when I opened them again that he’d be gone, and that this was just a terrible nightmare. I was going to be sick again. The trickle of blood down the back of my throat and the metallic taste of it was turning my stomach, and the things that he was threatening to do to me would make anyone lose it. A demonic laugh escaped me when the insane thought that his raping me would prolong my life for a few extra minutes.

As if that mattered.

Once I started laughing I couldn’t stop, the hysterical sound growing in volume and echoing throughout the building like the eerie screeching of a banshee. When I opened my eyes it was clear to see that I’d temporarily shocked the man before me. He stood back with indecision on his flushed face, and maybe a little worry in his eyes. His expression only made me laugh harder, finally galvanizing him into action. He began to hit me, everywhere, this time not caring about my face. His punches to my stomach and ribs shut me up when it became impossible to draw in breath just to stay alive. 

When he was done I was hanging there limply, barely conscious and gasping for air, pain racking my body everywhere. The only other sound in the room was his rapid breathing, and then I felt the sharp edge of the glass against my flesh and I knew that this time it would cause more than just a scratch. He was going to do some damage.

He was going to kill me.




Chapter 26

Hawk

Audra’s gut-wrenching screams cut through me like a knife, urging me to move faster. My brothers were behind me, ready to back me up, ready to save my woman with their lives. I was prepared to shoot the first fucker I saw hurting Audra. I wasn’t sure what we were walking in on, but one thing I knew for certain was that whoever was hurting my woman was a fucking dead man. When her screams stopped I wasn’t sure if I should feel relief or worry, and then I heard the muted sounds of someone talking.

“What’s wrong, bitch? Not so mouthy now, are you.” Moaning followed. “It will be messy, but I can still fuck you.”

Fuller! That prick. He’d been out to get the club since his first day in the department. What the fuck did he think he was doing? I didn’t even hesitate at the doorway. Audra’s whimpers beckoned me to act swiftly. I entered the room, my gaze zeroing in on them in an instant. I aimed my weapon, but before I could get off a kill shot Fuller grabbed Audra and put a sharp object at her throat.

Fuck!

“One more move and she’s dead.” 

My gaze moved over Audra. Fuck, she was naked and covered in so much blood that she already looked dead. Her face was bruised and swollen, and one eye was completely shut. Blood beneath her nose and around her split lips told me that he’d used his fists on her. As I examined her limp body, I saw signs that the fucker had used some kind of blade on her. 

“You’re dead, fucker,” I sneered, feeling everything in me demand that I end him.

He shrugged, clearly not giving a fuck. “Maybe so, but at least I’ll finally have my revenge. It’s not exactly the way I planned it, but you’ll still suffer.”

“What the fuck are you talking about?” He’d done this because of me? I frowned, looking for an in to press my attack. My brothers crowded behind and at my sides, assessing the situation and waiting to make their moves. It didn’t appear that anyone else was there with Fuller.

“Sonya was my sister,” he said simply. I didn’t react. I hadn’t even known that Sonya had a brother. “I know you killed her, and now I’ll kill someone who means something to you.”

“This woman?” I scoffed. “She means nothing to me. She’s only a means to a big payoff from a client.” Half of what I was saying was true, but the other half? Audra did mean something to me, enough that if something happened to her I’d sink into a deep place that I’d never come back from.

For a second Fuller looked taken aback, and I could tell that he was weighing my words, wondering if he’d made a mistake. But then he gave a little shake and returned to the present. “Nah, I don’t think so. She tried to get me to believe the same thing. I’m a cop, remember? I’m used to people lying to get what they want.” He slowly lowered the weapon from her throat, keeping it close to her body.

It was too calculated a move for me to feel relief. The look in Fuller’s eyes led me to believe that he had something else planned. His expression transformed into a sick smile, telling me that he knew he had the upper hand. My finger twitched on the trigger. I wanted to blow his fucking head off, but the blade in his hand was too close to Audra. She’d suffered enough at his hands. I waited to make a move that would end him.

His smile grew, and I should have guessed that it was the prelude to his next twisted move. He took whatever he had in his hands, turned, and buried it in Audra’s side. She reared back, her head cracking against the wall as she screamed and twisted in pain. I saw fucking red at what he’d done. With a roar I charged toward Fuller, the need to maim and spill his blood coursing through me. I wanted to kill him with my bare hands.

The fucking coward. He went for his gun and I didn’t hesitate before using mine. I emptied my barrel into him, making sure my last bullet went through his fucking skull. Then I swung back to Audra. As gently as I could, I lifted her body, taking the weight off of her wrists, while Rock undid the straps. We exchanged looks.

“Ambulance?” 

I nodded, my jaw tight as I took Audra’s weight against me. I didn’t blame him for asking. We didn’t call the ambulance unless we were left with no other fucking choice. Doctors were supposed to notify the law when someone came in with life-threatening wounds caused by an obvious assault, and we liked to deal with our own shit and keep things quiet. But this was an emergency, and I wasn’t taking a chance with her life. 

“Call the chief, too.” Spotting the bed, I carried her to it and lowered her down gently. I shrugged off my cut and practically tore my shirt off to use it to slow down the flow of blood that was pouring out of her side. I knew that I had to keep my shit together, but looking down at her bloody, broken body tore at my heart.

She whimpered when I applied pressure, eyes fluttering as she struggled to open them. “Hawk?”

“I’m here, babe. Tell me where you hurt.”

A small smile spread across her battered face. “All over,” she mumbled low. “He watched us, Hawk, in the parking lot.” I knew what she was telling me. I’d already figured as much, and that he’d followed us home. “He didn’t touch me though, not in that way.” Her voice drifted away as she succumbed to darkness.

 I glanced up to see Clay, Big John, Painter and Bullet standing around, clearly uncomfortable and at a loss for what to do. “Clay, give me your fucking shirt.” He didn’t hesitate in taking it off. I covered Audra with it. 

“You want us to clean up?” Big John asked.

“No. This was Chief Branson’s man, he can deal with this shit.” I felt fidgeting beside me and glanced down to see Audra’s hand patting over me as if searching for something. Once I had her hand in mine she squeezed and seemed to calm. 

“Did you know Sonya had a brother?” Bullet inquired.

“No. And none of that past shit matters now.” I made it clear that we weren’t discussing it. “You brothers wait outside for the ambulance and chief.” Everyone left but Rock. I avoided his eyes because, fuck, mine were burning. Audra’s breathing was too shallow. 

“She’ll make it, brother.”

I could only nod. Fuck…if she didn’t…

“Now we know why Fuller’s been after us all these fucking years. The bastard must have been planning this shit for a long time.”

Yeah. None of that fucking mattered right now. I knew Rock was just talking to fill in the time, but he wasn’t saying anything I hadn’t already thought to myself. I was only sorry that Audra had been sucked into this mess. As much as I wanted her, this situation convinced me that I needed to let her go. She’d be a lot safer away from the club, away from me. It was going to hurt like hell sending her away, but it would be better than going through something like this again, and it could happen. This was our life, and anyone involved with us was vulnerable.

I thought about Lynch and Stone and their old ladies. Wild Marauders and Dark Menace was outlaw clubs like ours. They’d had their share of trouble involving their women, but their old ladies came from tougher stock than Audra. They’d grown up in rougher neighborhoods, were a little more street savvy. Audra—

Audra moaned, interrupting my thoughts. I glanced down to find that the shirt I was holding against her side was saturated with blood. “Where is that fucking ambulance?” I growled, looking up at Rock. “She’s gonna bleed out.”

“Calm down, brother. I can hear them.”
He was right. Five minutes later Clay and Big John rushed into the room with the paramedics’ right behind them. I moved out of the way as they pulled their gurney up against the bed. “Bout fucking time,” I snapped.

They ignored me. I’m sure that they got that kind of reaction all the time. “What do we have?” one of them asked. He was already peeling back the shirt that covered her. The other one began taking her vitals.

“She was beaten and cut in several places.” 

He frowned, examining the worst of the slashes. “Do you know what she was cut with?”

“Looks like he used this.” Rock handed him a bloody, uneven piece of glass. I hadn’t even seen him pick it up.

The other paramedic pulled his equipment away and crammed it back into his case. His actions were hurried. “Pressure’s dropping fast, let’s get her into the ambulance. We can work on her on the way to the hospital.” His partner nodded and they began to move rapidly, without speaking, their actions revealing that this was a process they’d honed and performed many times before.

As they were settling Audra on the gurney, Chief Branson walked into the room. I saw his gaze dart over to Fuller. We hadn’t made any attempt to move his body, because as far as I was fucking concerned, his killing was justified. Branson’s gaze then went to Audra, wincing as she was wheeled out of the room. I didn’t hesitate to follow.

“I have questions.” Chief Branson said, making the mistake of stopping me with a hand on my arm.

“Take your fucking hand off me,” I snarled. “My brothers will fill you in.”

I didn’t have time for his shit. All that mattered was getting to the hospital to be with my woman. 


****

Five weeks later…

Audra

“Here’s your coffee, honey.”

I smiled up at Carol, taking the mug from her. Carol had been my angel during the weeks of my recovery, the surgery, the healing, the grieving, because, yes, I’d also had to deal with losing Hawk. In the beginning he hadn’t left my side, sitting at my bedside and holding my hand for two weeks as I slowly healed and regained my strength. But something had felt off, different. He’d been quieter than usual, and when he did speak he seemed to choose his words carefully, and he avoided my eyes. I felt him withdrawing from me, but tried to convince myself that I was imagining it because he was there, by my side, where I needed him.

Once he’d been assured that I would make a full recovery and the day finally came for me to be released from the hospital he’d broken my heart and kissed me goodbye. Well, not exactly in that way. First he’d explained in carefully chosen words just why we weren’t going to work out. And while I knew it was bullshit, I’d sat there and listened to every word, unwillingly accepting that he might be right. 

I chalked up my compliancy to the situation and the drug-induced calm that I was floating in. In time the meds wore off and my thoughts cleared, making room for other emotions, anger being at the tip of the list, but Hawk hadn’t been around to take it out on.

Yes, he’d arranged for Carol to come and take care of me, had given us the use of his home for as long as I needed it, and had arranged for round the clock protection so that he could stay away. During my two week stay in the hospital he’d been there, in body if not in spirit, and the minute I was released Carol had flown in. That had been three weeks ago, and I knew she needed to get back home. Her husband was going to be understanding for only so long. Plus, I was back to a hundred percent.

Almost.

Time would fade the scars.

But not my broken heart.

I wasn’t exactly sure what I felt for Hawk, but I knew it was intense and all-consuming. As he’d withdrawn from me I’d watched helplessly as he put up walls again, surrounding his heart with stone, guarding his emotions. He hadn’t said it, but I’d known I’d come close to dying, and that was the problem. Hawk was tough, hard as nails, brutal at times, but he didn’t want to deal with the reality that was life. Nothing was guaranteed and people came and went, leaving you to grab what happiness you could.

Yes, I’d almost died. But I hadn’t, and while I sat there in that hospital bed, listening to him tell me that I’d be safer by going away, that he didn’t deserve me, I’d wanted to scream and throw things. I should have been the one running, not him. 

“You’re thinking about Hawk again, aren’t you?”

I glanced up at her sympathetic smile. “I’m going to rename you ‘Angel’,” I said, taking a sip. “I don’t know what I would have done without you these last few weeks. Thank you for coming.”

She laughed softly and sank down onto the lounger next to me. “That’s what friends are for.” She took a cautious sip of her coffee. “And don’t change the subject.” I shrugged. There was nothing I could say to that. “So, have you made a decision on what you’re going to do?”
I thought about Carol’s offer to come and stay with her and Craig for a while. They had an empty garage apartment. It sounded like a good plan, but I wasn’t ready to accept that Hawk wanted me gone. I was holding on to the stupid thought that he’d only been saying things that he thought I needed to hear, and that I could somehow change his mind. I hadn’t been back to the club, not because he’d told me not to, but because I was too weak to argue with him. Those days, along with the healing of my face and body, were gone now, and I felt ready to face him.

“Not until I face Hawk one last time,” I finally responded, knowing that Carol wouldn’t like my decision. “I just need to see him one last time, to−”

“God, honey, you’re a glutton for punishment.” 

“Stubborn,” I said with a smile. 

Like him.

“Don’t you think you’ve been hurt enough? First Dane, and then the incident with that cop? Seems like this bike club is bad news.”

Carol was right, I knew she was, but it didn’t dim my fierce need for Hawk. I felt complete with him, but how would I ever know if we were meant to be together if he didn’t give us a chance? Maybe I should just leave with her and start my life over. Forget that any of this happened, acknowledge that it was just a hiccup in a brief chapter of my life, convince myself that the scars I had were from normal surgeries, like appendix removal or something. Maybe I didn’t want to see what was right in front of me. 

“I have to know, Carol. Even if I end up getting hurt, I have to confront him one last time. He’s had three weeks to think about what happened—”

“And he hasn’t been here once, honey,” she said in a gentle tone. “It’s obvious he thinks it’s better this way. Maybe he’s doing you a favor. You going to him and forcing the issue could backfire.”

I closed my eyes and leaned my head back. “Why do you have to be so damned sensible?” I whispered. I was not going to cry.

“One of us has to be.” I could hear the smile in her voice. “Now, do I make two plane reservations?”

I nodded. A little later I heard Carol get up. She must have thought that I fell asleep. But I was thinking about Hawk, and I couldn’t leave without seeing him at least to thank him, and to say goodbye. Yeah, that was a good excuse to see him. What kind of person would I be if I didn’t thank the man for saving me?

Who was I kidding?

I was going to fight for us.




Chapter 27

Audra

I slid off the back of Painter’s bike, a little nervous about what my reception was going to be. Painter hadn’t wanted to bring me to the clubhouse, but I’d given him an ultimatum that either he did or I’d walk. He’d cussed and stomped around, and I got a good distance away from Hawk’s house before he pulled up beside me, shaking his head.

“Either way Prez is gonna kill me for you being on the back of my bike,” he grumbled, offering me a hand to get on his bike. 

I’d smiled then, but I wasn’t smiling now. I knew that Hawk was inside because his bike was parked in his usual spot. What I wasn’t expecting to see was the sight that greeted me when Painter opened the door and led me inside. I halted abruptly by the door, my gaze instantly landing on Hawk and Sid at the bar.

I came to a halt right inside the door.

They say jealousy is the color green, but I was seeing red. Hawk was on a bar stool and Sid was straddling him in her usual naked state. She was gyrating against his crotch, lifting her breast in front of his face and licking her nipple. I stopped breathing, my gaze frozen on them. I was vaguely aware that the noise had quieted down as heads turned my way, including Hawk’s. He didn’t show any surprise at seeing me, and I wondered if he’d been warned that I was coming. Painter could have easily made a call. 

Sid’s smirk made me think of the Cheshire cat. She was clearly in her element and enjoying every second of it. Slut! Knowing what she was didn’t make it any easier to see her on Hawk’s lap. I knew that she and Hawk had a history, and I couldn’t believe that he’d gone back to her so soon. The thought of him fucking her made me physically sick and angry beyond belief. 

I knew immediately that I’d made a mistake coming here. 

“What the fuck you doing here?” Hawk barked. Sid laughed, rubbing her breasts against him. 

“I, ah, I—” I couldn’t find my words as I tried to wrap my head around what I was seeing. An invisible knife was twisting in my heart.

 “Didn’t I make myself clear the last time we talked?” he asked in a hard voice. “It’s over, babe. Get as far away from me as you can, you’ll be safer, and so will my club. My life isn’t for you.” 

“I’m so glad you cleared that up for me, Hawk. You’re a real jerk, you know that?” Snickers followed my remark. “What makes you think I need help making decisions about my life?” 

“You need to leave.” That he was furious was obvious. 

“So you keep saying. Are you sure this time? Because you seem to have trouble making up your mind about whether you want me or not.” Oh, that pissed him off, because he knew it was true. I stood my ground, even though I was crumbling inside.

“Maybe we should show her you’ve moved on, huh, baby?” Sid suggested in a tone dripping with sugar. She put her long nail tipped fingers on his face and turned him toward her.

I wanted to scratch her eyes out. I watched, her intentions obvious as she puckered her red lips. If he kissed her it would be over, I knew there’d be no getting over that. I wasn’t aware that I was holding my breath until Hawk turned his head at the last minute and Sid’s mouth grazed his cheek. Thank God! 

I wanted my lips to be the only lips he kissed.

I wanted to fucking cry but forced the urge down, biting my bottom lip until pain forced me to straighten my spine. I didn’t want anyone feeling sorry for me. There’d be plenty of time for that later, and right then I wouldn’t give either of them the satisfaction. Besides, I was too damned angry to cry. First he’d claimed me, and then he’d dumped me, giving me no say in either matter. I glanced around the bar at his men, their eyes were filled with a mixture of compassion, disgust, and humor. 

Compassion because they understood.

Disgust because they didn’t agree with what Hawk was doing?

Humor because some of them liked a good show.

“Maybe I should show you that I can move on just as fast.” It sounded like a pitiful threat but I didn’t care. The way I figured it, I could do one of two things-run the other way, or give tit for tat. I decided that Hawk needed a taste of his own medicine. He was about to learn how it felt to be discarded, as if he was unimportant. “You know Hawk, you’re not the only one who can turn your emotions off like the flip of a switch.”

I watched his eyebrows furrow, his eyes narrow. He knew something was going to happen, but he didn’t know what.

I knew I looked hot. I’d dressed for him, borrowing a short, denim skirt and pheasant blouse from Carol that revealed my shoulders. My hair was piled up in a messy bun, big hoop earrings dangled in my ears. I’d put on just enough makeup to smooth away any remnants of my attack.  

I sashayed myself over to Clay, where he sat at one of the tables. He was obviously in a poker game. 

“Don’t do it,” Hawk growled in a threatening tone that only made me want to do it even more. He must have guessed what my intentions were. I didn’t let his gruff tone stop me. “I’m warning you, Audra.”

I paused by Clay’s chair, but turned my attention to Hawk. “Fuck you, Hawk,” I said, putting every ounce of feeling that I could into those three words. “You have nothing to say about what I do anymore. If I want to sit down on Clay’s lap and fuck him right here and now I will.” I didn’t know what I was saying. I would never have done something like that. I ran my fingers through Clay’s hair, watching his eyes widen as I sank down onto his lap. I knew that I was playing with fire, knew that I was tempting the beast to lose control, and I wanted him to lose control. I was on a quest now to see how far I could push him before he snapped.

“Hell no!” Hawk’s voice boomed. Sid let out a shriek when Hawk stood, dumping her off his lap. 

I turned to look at Clay. He gave me a wink that told me he knew what I was about. “Careful you don’t get in too deep, little girl,” he said in a low, amused tone.

The next thing I knew Hawk grabbed me by the arm and hauled me to my feet. “I told you to leave.” He was breathing like an enraged bull. “No one wants you here. I don’t want you.”

I don’t want you.

His words cut like a knife. They sounded so sincere, and I faltered with indecision for a second. The look on Hawk’s face backed up his hateful tone, and I couldn’t help thinking that maybe he was over me. That maybe I’d misinterpreted the reason he’d ended things between us in the hospital. All of a sudden I felt defeated and sad, still holding out hope that my actions with Clay would force Hawk to realize that he felt more for me and couldn’t turn me loose.

All I’d proven was that he didn’t even like me.

As I stared into his strong, chiseled face, tears filled my eyes, but I decided I’d get through this with some dignity and straightened my shoulders, forcing a little smile on my mouth. “Well, I guess that says it all. I want to thank you, Hawk, for everything. I hope you can find someone who’ll make you happy one day.” I barely recognized the husky rasp of my voice. I was about to break into a thousand tiny pieces and figured I had about ten seconds to get out of there. “I’ll leave Carol’s number at your house. As soon as you let me know what I owe you, I’ll see that you get it.”  

“Don’t leave any fucking phone number or address, let’s just call it even. Besides, the trouble you brought us paid out in the end.”
I wasn’t sure what Hawk meant by that, but there was nothing else for me to say. “I guess that’s it then.” I paused, reluctant to leave. His message couldn’t have been any clearer. He was done with me. “Take care, Hawk.” I wasn’t sure if he heard me, but I didn’t care. 

I turned and left before he could see my tears.

****

Hawk

I was a real prick for treating Audra that way, but it was for the best. She’d be better off without me. Safer. As soon as Painter had called saying they were on their way to the club I’d set the scene to cause the most damage. The look on her face when she’d seen Sid gyrating on my lap like a bitch in heat would haunt me. In a heartbeat, I’d destroyed anything she’d felt for me, including her trust. Her anger hadn’t surprised me, but the sadness in her eyes had ripped through my fucking heart. 

I’d done the one thing I’d swore I wouldn’t do to her. I’d hurt her.

I hadn’t laid a fucking finger on Sid before today. No one got to me like Audra, and her fucking tight little body. I didn’t want anyone else but her. My dick didn’t want anyone but her, but he was going to have to get used to her being gone. The situation with Fuller had come out of nowhere, and I hadn’t been able to protect her. Fuck, Winthrop had gotten his hands on her, too, thanks to a brother’s betrayal. Yeah, she would be much better off without me in her life. 

“You’re an asshole, brother.”

I’d been waiting for Rock to come over and say his piece. I knew how he felt. He’d done the same thing to a woman years earlier and had expressed regret over it, especially once he’ learned that he’d sent her away pregnant with his child. He’d made an attempt to work it out but she’d simply disappeared. The incident had shaped him into the mean, cold bastard that he was today. 

Releasing a heavy breath, I nodded my agreement and finished off my beer. Sid moved to take up where we’d left off, and I pushed her away. She stumbled off with a huff, but she knew the score. 

“What, not gonna defend yourself?” he asked gruffly.

I shrugged. “I had my reasons.”

He gave me a long, hard look, making me wonder how far he’d go before I had to hit him. “You know, brother, I’ve been wondering something.”

“What’s that?”
“Why you feel that you don’t deserve happiness. You let one woman destroy you, and another, a good woman, comes along and you throw her away. I’d never have pegged you for a fucking martyr−”

I’d heard enough. I punched Rock right in the mouth, hard enough for him to swing around and slam to the floor. With fisted hands I glared down at him, watching him wipe the blood away with the back of his hand. Damn if there wasn’t amusement in his eyes as he looked up at me.

“Don’t get up,” I warned.

“I, more than anyone, know that you’re making a fucking mistake, brother. That girl’s been through hell, and she still came back for you. That should mean something.” He didn’t move from his spot, but I knew it wasn’t because he was afraid of what I’d do to him. Knowing Rock, he wanted to make sure he spoke his mind before I busted him in the mouth again. “How many brothers have lost women because they ran?”

Someone snorted and I looked around the room. “How many of you brothers sent a woman packing because you didn’t want her hurt?” We all had our reasons for not wanting old ladies. A few brothers shrugged, but no one owned up to anything.  I glanced smugly back at Rock. 

“They left scared.” Christ, he wasn’t backing down. “I don’t see your woman running away scared. Pissed maybe, hurt, but not scared. If I had a woman like that−” He stopped abruptly and we both knew why.

“Then you go after her,” I snarled, wondering why we were even having this discussion. “Women are only good for one thing, brother, and they all have tits and pussy.” I’d actually used to believe that shit.

“Well, since you feel that way, maybe I will. I bet she tastes real sweet, too. Is her pussy as red as the hair on her pretty little head?”

The unwelcome vision Rock had conjured up in my head of him eating out her pussy and of them fucking made my blood come to a rolling boil. I knew that he was planting the reality of another man claiming Audra to piss me off. I felt an irrational rage rise to the surface, challenging me to draw back and not let it grip me into doing something that I couldn’t undo. Like knocking all of Rock’s teeth down his fucking throat. “You get up before I leave this room, and I’ll send you to the hospital.”

It wasn’t an idle threat. I knew it, he knew it. The man had balls, it’s why he was a damned good VP. His laughter followed me as I stomped from the room. Fuck, I didn’t want anyone to have Audra but me, but I’d sent her away like a fucking coward. She deserved better. She deserved to feel safe and to have a normal life. Her friend Carol would help her with that. 

Seeing what Fuller had done to her, how easily he’d taken her, had changed my mind about everything. I’d been fucking brave enough to reach out and take what I’d wanted but not brave enough to keep it. For the first time in my life I was fucking afraid, afraid to grasp the happiness I could have with Audra if I didn’t let all the other shit get in the way. Rock recognized my fear, but was smart enough not to come right out and accuse me of it. He’d done it in other ways, forcing me to face the damage I’d done. 

I’d hurt Audra when I’d sworn I wouldn’t.

I was the one that had to let go of the past and reach for the future. She’d let go of hers the moment she’d climbed onto my bike. I was the one that had to come to terms with the danger and chaos that was always in my life, and not letting it dictate who I let in. Somehow though she’d clawed her way in, and she was hanging on. I had to ask myself why. 

The answer didn’t come to me, but all the reasons why she shouldn’t want me did. I was a fucking asshole. 

Climbing onto my bike, I revved it up and spun away from the clubhouse. I reached a high and dangerous speed fast, heading away from the clubhouse, away from the fucking past, toward the woman who was my salvation. 

Fuck, could I undo the damage? 

Could I get Audra to give me another chance?




Chapter 28

Hawk

I opened the door to my house without knocking. Carol was sitting in front of the ceiling to floor window, staring out at the mountains and sipping what I assumed was tea or coffee. She turned and met my eyes.  

“Where is she?”

The smallest quirk to her lips was as close as she came to a smile. “She’s gone.”

My fucking heart stopped, but then I quickly drew in the panic as I realized that Audra hadn’t left the clubhouse more than an hour ago. Where the hell could she have gone in such a short time? Carol’s fucking laugh told me that she’d got me. Bitch! 

“How did that feel?” she had the nerve to ask, a knowing smile in her eyes.

“Not good,” I answered honestly. 

She shrugged. “Had you come tomorrow it would have been a fact.”

I hadn’t thought it would be so soon. “You’re leaving tomorrow?” She nodded.  I sank down into the chair next to her, unable to meet her eyes. The view outside tried to draw me in but I didn’t really see anything. “I fucked up.” I sighed heavily.

Carol didn’t even hesitate. “Yes, you did.”

I chuckled and turned to her. “You sure you don’t need any time to think about that?”

Her expression said, hell no. She took a drink. “You hurt my friend.”

I nodded. “I had my reasons, as fucked up as they are. And for what it’s worth, I never wanted to hurt her.”

“I know. Audra told me you’d warned her from the beginning that you threw women away once you were done with them. She thought it was different for her, though. You sent her mixed signals.” 

How could I fucking respond to that? I had sent her mixed signals. Christ, when had I become such a pussy? I’d never had a hard time making a club decision, in anything, and usually once I made up my mind that was it. Nothing changed it. Why was it so fucking hard to do with Audra?	
Carol stared at me long and hard. “She told me about everything your club has done for her, Hawk. You probably saved her from a fate worse than death. Thank you for that.” 

I released a long breath and nodded in acknowledgement. “I didn’t save her from Fuller.” I clamped my jaw tight, hating that she’d had to go through that. I’d always understood why some of my brothers refused to take old ladies, but the reality was fucking worse. Seeing Audra hanging there, covered in blood had fucking broken me. Even closing my eyes didn’t make the image go away.

“You’re being too hard on yourself, Hawk.” I met her brown eyes. Carol was a pretty woman. She wore minimum makeup, her brown hair cut in a kind of shaggy look that suited the shape of her face. “Could anyone have saved her from that madman?”

“He took her because she was with me.”

She nodded with understanding. “So you believe pushing her away will keep something like that from happening again? Very noble reasons, Hawk.” I got pissed at that, but she continued before I could grunt out a response. “So, did you come to say goodbye…again?” 

No, I was done saying goodbye to the woman I wanted. “I came to say goodbye to you.” I made sure she fucking understood that. “Audra isn’t going anywhere.”

“You’ve changed your mind?” I could hear the relief in her tone. She seemed to think about that for a while. “Good thing I only purchased a return ticket for me.” I raised my brows at her comment, surprised at her admission. “So, are you gonna go all He-Man on her?” The glimmer in her eyes backed up the humor that I detected in her tone.

I decided I could like Carol if she hung around for a while. “Do I need to?”

She laughed softly. “You might. She came back swearing and crying, muttering under her breath about chopping off someone’s balls for being so stubborn.” Carol hesitated before ending with, “I think the name Sid was mentioned.” She got up from her chair and I watched her walk to the kitchen.

Fuck. Having Sid on my lap hadn’t been my finest move, and had been a fucked-up way of pissing off Audra enough to make her walk out the door and not come back. I’d taken the easier road to make her run, and the most damaging. I ran my hand over my face as if it would wipe the shit away and make everything clear again.

 Movement outside the window drew my gaze to see Audra stepping out from the trees surrounding the property. She’d apparently gone for a walk. A few steps behind her Painter emerged. He saw me watching them from behind the glass immediately, but didn’t let on that I was there. Audra continued to walk until she turned the corner of the cabin and was out of sight. 

I sucked in a deep breath and got to my feet.

I knew what I had to do.

****

Audra

The first thing I saw when I rounded the corner of Hawk’s cabin was his huge bike. I caught my breath, wondering what that meant. Maybe he just needed to get something from the house. He would be happy to learn that Carol and I were flying out in the morning. He must be inside talking to her now. I turned to Painter, undecided about whether or not I should go inside. He wasn’t much help, giving me a slight shrug. 

The door opened, and Hawk stepped out onto the porch. Our gazes clashed, and I tried to force a smile. The anger I’d felt earlier at seeing him with Sid had evaporated, but the hurt was still there, and the pain at knowing that he didn’t want me. I paused, watching as he stepped down the steps and came my way. For each step closer he moved, my body responded in a thousand little pleasant ways, reminding me what his mouth on my nipples felt like, the rough passion behind the glide of his hand up my thigh, his total earth-shaking possession. Other than a little hand-holding in the hospital, the last time he’d touched or kissed me was on his bike the night of my attack. I missed his touch. I knew I shouldn’t have been thinking about that right now but I couldn’t help it.

I breathed in deeply, trying to control my emotions at seeing him again. I didn’t want to think about him touching Sid, but the visual of her naked and grinding on his lap just wouldn’t go away. He gave Painter a look, motioning him away with a jerk of his head. I braced myself when he stopped directly in front of me, looking every bit the stubborn, bad-ass biker, untouchable, yet sexy as hell. 

“Can we talk?” There was something in his tone that I’d never heard before, defeat, and something else, resignation.

“I went to the club to talk to you,” I reminded him. His being there made me nervous, and I purposely closed myself off to him, unwilling to let him hurt me again. “You sent me away with a vision of Sid practically fucking you and the words, ‘I don’t want you”.

Hawk actually winced. “I’m here now.”

I wanted to say, so? The damage was done, and I was finished being a human yoyo to him. I got that his club was dangerous and was in constant chaos, I recognized what being part of it would mean. Apparently he didn’t want me enough to take a chance, and that hurt most of all. There were no guarantees in life. 

“I loved a woman once,” he began, breaking the silence. “An older, beautiful woman. I gave Sonya everything, including a baby she eagerly aborted.” Ohmygod! I gasped, never expecting to hear something like that. I waited for Hawk to go on. “Turned out that she was a mole for the Russian mob, sent in to get information, and I was the sucker she set her sights on. In the end a lot of brothers died, and she practically destroyed the club, all because I’d refused to listen to their warnings. I let her in, Audra, gave her too much.” He made a harsh sound. “She taught me some very valuable lessons.”

Fuck. Apparently she’d taught him all the wrong lessons. My eyes burned with tears and I clamped my mouth tight to keep my lips from trembling, but I couldn’t draw my eyes from Hawk’s. The hatred he felt for himself was exposed in his tight expression. Besides the anger there was something else in his dark eyes that scared me. I wanted to remind Hawk that I wasn’t Sonya, I was nothing like her, but when I opened my mouth nothing would come out. 

Without warning he closed the distance between us. His hands came up and then he was cupping the sides of my face, pulling us even closer until the tips of our noses were touching. “I’m so fucking sorry, babe. I never meant to hurt you.” His lips caressed mine in a way that was slow and tender, and nothing like the deep take-it-all kind of kiss I was used to from him. His kiss spoke volumes. This was Hawk saying that he was more than sorry.

This was Hawk giving himself to me. 

“I’ve been so fucking wrong, about a lot of shit, babe.” He ran his nose over the tip of mine. 

“You’re stubborn.” He grinned at that. “Thank you for telling me, Hawk.” I had a ton of questions to ask, but now wasn’t the time. “But I’m not like Sonya.”

“I know that now, and that’s not the only reason you should leave with your friend Carol.” I stiffened and started to pull away, I didn’t want to hear why again, but he tightened his hold and kept me against him. “I said should, babe. The only place you’re going is up to my bed where I’m gonna fuck you until the sun comes up tomorrow.”

His words made me shiver with need. I liked the sound of that, so I ignored his remark about why I should leave. Besides, I knew that Hawk was talking about trouble surrounding his club. Carol and I had done some research about motorcycle clubs in the past couple of weeks. I had a better understanding of Hawk’s way of life now, the running of the motorcycle club, the hierarchy, and bylaws. It wasn’t a game when they wore a one percent patch on their cuts. From what we’d read MC’s were deep in illegal activities, but they also ran legitimate businesses to cover it up. They were very visual members of society and donated a lot of money to worthwhile causes.

They were also known to be dangerous and violent outlaws.

Could I live with that?

Yes! But I didn’t want to make it too easy for Hawk. He’d hurt me, even if it had been under the guise of taking care of me, and seeing that bitch Sid on his lap, seeing her grinding her nasty ass all over him, was a raw wound in my mind. I frowned, chewing on my lower lip, enjoying the worry growing in his eyes as more time passed.  
“You do know walking in and seeing another woman sitting on your lap hurts, right, Hawk?” I said against his warm mouth, hardly recognizing my croaky voice. My emotions were running raw, torn with understanding the hurt that he must have suffered with Sonya, and his slightly high-handed comment that I was staying.

Typical alpha male and I loved it.

“Baby, as sick as this sounds, the scene you walked in on with me and Sid was planned. I knew you were coming.” I’d known Painter would call him! Hawk wouldn’t let me pull away when I’d tried because he was right, it was sick. “I thought it would be the quickest way to send you running.”

“You know what hurt the most, Hawk?” He shook his head. “You telling me that you didn’t want me.”

“A lie, babe.” He crushed me against him roughly. “I was lying to myself more than I was lying to you.”

I digested that, looking for other grievances to throw at him while I had the upper hand. “You stayed away for three weeks. Once you found out in the hospital that I was going to be okay you just walked away.” He needed to know how much he’d hurt me, but also how important he was to me. “Don’t you realize that you were the reason I wanted to heal?” It was an eye-opener, I could see the dawning in his stubborn eyes. A sudden thought occurred to me, and I knew that I had to know the answer. “If I hadn’t come to the club today, would you be here now?”

He sighed deeply, and I could tell that I wasn’t going to like what he was about to say. “Probably not.” I immediately wanted to take back my question. God, the truth hurt. “But I would have come to you eventually, once I realized that I don’t want to, can’t, face a fucking day without you. It’s been a long time since I let anyone in, babe. I’d convinced myself I didn’t need what you were offering. The sex, yeah, not all that other crap. Everything inside me was dead. I’d lived too many fucking years without anyone but my brothers.” I could understand that. His powerful hands tucked my hair behind my ears, his gaze intent on mine. 

“So, what are we doing, Hawk?” I needed the words. 

“Stay.” That one simple word said so much, and gave me hope.

“There’s no place else I want to be but here with you, but you have to make up your mind.” He made me feel alive, when we fucked, when we fought, when we misunderstood each other. I decided that he needed to hear that. “You make me feel alive when I’m with you,” I confessed, trying to stretch high enough to wrap my arms around his neck. 

He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around him. “You make me feel,” he rasped in a deep voice, making me realize how close to the surface his emotions were. For a man like Hawk that was exposing a lot. He must have been more worried about what my answer was going to be than he’d let on.
He kissed me like the strong, forceful Hawk that I’d come to know, grinding his mouth down on mine until I opened and welcomed his tongue with my own. We tasted each other in a wild frenzy, melding into an exploration of wet heat and sensual sounds. Emotion quivered inside my core, and I tightened my legs around him, wanting to get closer to the friction of our lower bodies moving against each other. 

Would it always be this way between us?

Probably.

But I welcomed whatever life threw my way. As long as it included Hawk.




Conclusion

Two years later…

Hawk

“Fucking hell, woman, you’re going to give me a fucking heart attack!”

My old lady, yeah, that’s right, made me fucking happy, slapped her hands to where her waist would have been if she weren’t six months pregnant. 

“Watch your language,” she scolded.

I glanced down at Isabella, our eight month old daughter. Audra had gotten pregnant again the very first time that we’d fucked after baby number one came along. I couldn’t keep my hands off my woman. “She’s too young to−”

“I don’t care,” Audra cut in, giving me a firm look. “Get used to it. We’re going to have two little ones running around here, Hawk, we don’t want ‘fuck’ to be the first word they pick up.”

I saw the quiver of her mouth, and knew that she was trying hard not to smile. Seeing her standing on top of the ladder to put the Christmas tree topper on reminded me of why we were having this discussion. “Then don’t give me a reason to use it.” Made perfect sense to me. I set Isabella down amongst the toys spread out for her and went to Audra. “Let me help you, baby.” I didn’t give her a choice, pulling her down off the ladder and into my arms.

“I’m too heavy!” she squealed.

I snorted, nuzzling against the side of her warm neck. “Nothing I can’t handle baby.”

She hit me playfully on the shoulder. “You’re supposed to say that I’m not heavy at all, even with your son in my belly.”

“Ouch! That’s gonna cost you, baby.” I flattened my hand at the back of her head and slapped my mouth down over hers. I knew the second she submitted. She got all soft and loving, kissing me back and brushing her tongue against mine. Her sensual moan was like gas in the tank, fueling my hunger for her and making my dick hard.

Damn! I didn’t deserve this kind of happiness. I could hardly wait to meet my son. Having Isabella had brought calm to my life that I never expected to have. Sure, there was still club issues that needed to be sorted out, but shit had grown peaceful during the last two years. We were rapidly cleaning up, believe it or not, picking and choosing the illegal shit we still got involved in, thanks to Covacks. Fuck, even Wild Marauders and Dark Menace clubs were quiet these days. The last I’d talked to Lynch he and Kat were expecting twins, due at the beginning of the year. Stone and Rachel were planning a big wedding in the spring, and we were all invited. It was going to be a hell of an event with three MC’s present.

Isabella cooed beneath our feet and I opened one eye to make sure that she wasn’t getting into anything that she shouldn’t be. It would be a fucking miracle if she were anyway, since Audra had gone through the whole damned cabin and child-proofed it as soon as they’d come home from the hospital. Seeing that our daughter had just crawled over to us and was struggling to her feet by climbing up my leg, I grinned and reluctantly pulled away from Audra’s soft lips.

“We have company.” Audra glanced down, too. “Are you gonna tell me that we have to stop making-out in front of the kids, too?” I joked, raising a brow. “Because I’m warning you right now, woman, I’m not going to stop kissing you, touching you, or fucking you whenever I want.”

It was her turn to raise a brow. “Really? That sounds like you have a personal problem.”

“You love it, and you fucking know it.”

She laughed, giving me a playful bite on the chin. “Let’s finish the tree before our company arrives.”

Carol and Craig. They’d moved into the area about a year before. Craig’s work was done online, and Carol was a real estate agent, so they could basically make a living anywhere. I was glad Carol had made the move, for Audra’s sake. She needed someone around that she could hang with and trusted when I was busy at the club, which would be more often, now that Carol was going to have a baby. Too many little people underfoot.

Christ, everyone was pregnant these days! 

I carefully let Audra down to her feet, mindful of our daughter, who quickly turned to grab her mother around the leg. The tree topper was crooked, so I reached up to straighten it. By the time I turned back around Audra had sunk to the floor with Isabella. The two of them were smiling and cooing at each other as they played. I felt my heart swell at the sight of them. Was this fucking real? 

Yeah, it was, and I was glad Carol and Craig chose that moment to knock at the door, because it gave me time to wipe away the fucking emotion burning in my eyes. 

My woman knew she had my heart.

The End




ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Tory Richards often describes herself as a grandma who likes to read and write smut. Known for her hot erotic romances, she’s also penned erotic paranormals, and contemporary suspense romance. Writing is a hobby for Tory. It thrills her to be able to share her stories, and she loves seeing her characters come to life with each new book cover. 

Tory began writing short stories on notebook paper when she was only ten. At thirteen she received her first manual typewriter, a few years later an electric one, and not until she was forty-five did she get her first computer. For many years writing was a secret hobby as well as therapy for Tory. She didn’t submit to a publisher until her daughter and niece encouraged her to pursue her dreams. 

Originally from Maine, Tory has spent most of her life in Florida. She’s retired from Disney and spends her time between family, friends and writing. Besides writing her likes include: spoiling her grandchildren, any kind of sandwich, sweet iced tea, good coffee, traveling, going to the movies, watching Syfy, taking care of her four cats, and naps.
 She loves to hear from readers so you can email her at: toryrichards60@gmail.com.  Join her newsletter and receive a free ebook.


****

Complete Book list

His Possession - coming soon!
Hands-On 
Dirty Surrender
A Soldier’s Promise 	
All the Right Moves 
Dark Menace
Big, Black and Beautiful
Wild Marauders MC		
Obsession		
The Mercenary Way
Out of Control
The Mating Ritual		
Touch Me		
Scent of a Wolf’s Mate
Bishop’s Angel			
Up in Flames		
Someone to Love Me
The Cowboy Way		
Instant Attraction	
Happy Birthday, Baby!
SEAL of Approval		
Kiss Me!		
The Evans Brothers Trilogy
A Perfect Fit			
Wicked Desire				
Talk Dirty to Me	
Burning Hunger
Yield to Me
Nothing but Trouble		
Surrender to Desire

Biker Stories
Wild Marauders MC
Dark Menace MC
Dangerous Surrender
Phantom Riders MC
			
Serve and Submit Series (1-5)
Pulled Over
On Fire
Under Cover
Party Time
Lovers

Evans Brothers Trilogy
A Perfect Fit
Surrender to Desire
Burning Hunger

Paranormal
Scent of a Wolf’s Mate
The Mating Ritual

