Philip’s Rules

By Golden Angel

© 2015 - Golden Angel LLP

Book 1 of the Bridal Discipline series

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

I have a lot of people to thank for helping me with this book.  My Maries, my power houses!  Marie for all her help with editing and the continuity issues that I occasionally struggle with (I swear, she remembers all the things that I can’t).  Another Marie, for her incredibly close attention to detail, especially when it comes to commas, mixed-up words and my excessive use of the word “that”.  Katherine, for her ever-lasting support, encouragement and suggestions.  Michelle for her comments and suppositions, which sent me in a different direction several times for this story, creating a much better and more satisfying plot than I’d originally had, with much more interesting character development.  Sir Nick, for providing the much-needed male perspective.  And RaineyCloud9, for the gorgeous cover art and promotional posters that I’ve been sharing.

As always, a big thank you to all my fans, for buying and reading my work… if you love it, please leave a review!


A Listing of Characters, Titles and Relationships
Philip Stanley the Marquess of Dunbury married Cordelia Astley, the Dowager-Baroness of Hastings
Lady Gabrielle Astley – stepdaughter to Cordelia Astley, now ward of the Marquess of Dunbury
Hugh Stanley, Viscount Petersham, married to Irene, cousin to Philip Stanley
Edwin Villiers, Lord Hyde, married to Eleanor (sister to Hugh)
Thomas Hood, eldest son of Viscount Hood
Walter Hood, second son of Viscount Hood
Felix Hood, youngest son of Viscount Hood 
Isaac Windham, Duke of Manchester
Benedict Windham, brother to the Duke of Manchester
Arabella Windham, sister to the Duke of Manchester
Christopher Irving, Earl of Irving, married to Marjorie Irving
Wesley Spencer, Earl of Spencer, married to Cynthia
Alex Brooke, Lord Brook – heir to the Marquess of Warwick, married to Grace


Chapter 1
Happily married.  The men at his club called the concept a myth perpetuated by the womenfolk, but Philip Stanley, the Marquess of Dunbury, thought he had a very good chance at just such a fantastical state of being.  Of course, he was also privileged to know several couples whom were happily married - he was even related to two of them. 
The key, according to his cousin Hugh, was to marry a woman who fulfilled all one's needs, including those many of the ton considered more appropriate for a mistress than a wife.  Philip knew Hugh had no current mistress, and hadn't had one, since he'd been married the year before.  When Philip had visited his uncle and aunt last Christmas, he'd also met his cousins’ new spouses.  Both Hugh and his sister, Eleanor, had been married within a month of each other last Season.  Philip had met Eleanor's husband Edwin, one of Hugh's best friends, on multiple occasions, and he'd truthfully never thought the rakish man would settle down with a wife, much less happily.
Even more shocking had been the news that their third friend, Wesley, had also married.  Some part of Philip had still believed the announcement in the paper had been an elaborate ruse or a lame prank, until Hugh had confirmed the marriage and Wesley's infatuated adoration of his bride.  Of course, Philip had wanted to know more about what could have possibly driven Edwin and Wesley to such a state.  He'd known that Hugh had married for the coup of Irene's land, but he hadn't expected to see his cousin so contented in his marriage.  The obvious conclusion was that Hugh’s advice was quite right.
That had led to a rather revealing conversation, after a few drinks.  Hugh had lauded his use of spanking, and occasionally harsher discipline, with Irene as being a large part of his happiness.  A few more drinks later, and with Hugh determinedly pretending not to listen, Edwin had confirmed Hugh's statements with a few words of his own experience.  Philip had certainly noticed a marked change in Eleanor's demeanor, but at the time he had put it down to her marriage and impending motherhood.
Spanking a woman's curvy bottom had always been a particularly enjoyable past-time for Philip.  He loved to see a woman's reddened bottom, listen to her delicious cries and pleas, and then cuddle and fuck her into delirium afterwards.  The idea of engaging in such activities, in truth, as a punishment as well as a pleasure... well it had caught him immediately.  Like most men of their standing, he'd always assumed such perverse activities would be confined to his mistresses' bedrooms after marriage.  To see how fulfilled both his cousins were, on opposite sides of the equation, had sparked an envious desire in him.
After all, his parents had both passed away several years ago, and, as their only child, he had a duty to them to continue his line.  Going by the droves of females that had harried him the second the Season began, the women of Society agreed.  Although, he didn't resent their constant pursuit; it was what had driven him to accept an invitation to the Countess of Irving's house party, which was where he had met his soon-to-be-bride.
Cordelia Astley, the Dowager Baroness Hastings.  The third wife of the late Baron, who had been quite elderly and quite desperate for a son when he'd married his young bride.  She'd only been twenty-three when her husband had passed, leaving her and her step-daughter, Gabrielle, at the mercy of the new Baron.  A man who had been all too eager to take advantage of their situation.  A dark look crossed Philip's countenance, as it always did at the thought of the new Baron Hastings.  
A cad and a heartless social-climber, he'd made Cordelia's life quite difficult, and had actually cast her and Gabrielle off his properties when she'd refused to give in to his salacious offers.  Just thinking about the bastard made Philip grit his teeth.  What kind of man tried to push himself on a widow?  No matter how young and beautiful she was.
Quite beautiful too.  A sweet, fragile, quiet beauty that had crept up on him at the house party, until his dreams had been wreathed with fantasies about her.  He'd wanted to disperse the air of sadness that hung over her from the moment he'd met her, and during the house party, he'd only become more attracted.  It had been his chance to play knight in shining armor when he'd asked about her circumstances and the Earl of Irving had relayed her story to him.  The Countess was Cordelia's dear friend and had hoped she might catch some gentleman's eye during the house party.
She'd certainly caught Philip's.  He'd proposed by the end of the week, and she'd accepted.  Of course, he knew she'd accepted because of the protection he'd offered, as well as her desire to unburden herself from her friends, but that didn't matter to him.  From the moment she'd said yes, her face glowing with an inner light of relief, he'd known he would do whatever was necessary to keep her from ever having to worry again.
During the few weeks between then and this morning, the morning of their wedding, they'd spent more time getting to know each other, which had confirmed his choice.  Cordelia was altogether too sweet and giving to be without someone watching over her best interests.  Her stepdaughter took advantage of her kind nature on a regular basis - a more demanding and selfish creature he had yet to meet, and that was saying something within Society.  That behavior was something that would stop as soon as they were living under his roof.  The inherent submissiveness in Cordelia’s nature appealed to him on a baser level, while her quick mind and gentle wit kept him engaged on a personal one, and he would not allow anyone, not even her stepdaughter, to abuse that part of her.  He would protect and cherish his wife for it, as such women should be protected and cherished.
"Please be still, Sir," his valet admonished in a tone that indicated a demand more than request.  Mouth quirking, Philip stopped fidgeting as Marshall concentrated on tying the perfect trone d'Amour knot in his cravat.  On such an august day, Marshall was obviously feeling the pressure of sending his master out in sartorial splendor. 
And Philip had to admit, his valet was doing a remarkable job.  The man had been with him for years now and had never let him down, although he could become remarkably stuffy when he was feeling anxious and didn't feel Philip was taking his appearance seriously enough. 
A knock at the door had Philip turning his head and Marshall growling under his breath as the stiffened fabric of the cravat was pulled in an incorrect manner.
"Come in," Philip called.
His butler opened the door and stepped inside.  "Mr. Hood has arrived, my lord."
A wave of relief flowed over Philip.  "Well I suppose if you've already let him in the door..."
With just a hint of a smile, the butler stepped to the side, allowing Felix to enter.  Third son of the Viscount Hood, Felix had no honorary title and was a mere 'mister,' however thanks to his investments in the railways, he was also a very wealthy mister.  His advice had also made Philip a tidy sum of money, which had saved the coffers of the Dunbury estates when he'd been new to the title.  They were the best of friends, and Philip had begun to doubt that Felix would arrive in time to stand beside him.
"Cutting it a bit fine, aren't you?" he asked his friend as Felix came in, standing and looking Philip over with a judgmental eye.  Whereas Philip relied on Marshall to keep him in the current style, Felix was something of a clotheshorse and one of the trendsetters among the young men in their set.  With his striking black hair and eyes so dark they looked black as well, not too many could pull off the same colors and styles Felix could, and many couldn't afford the level of his tailoring either.
Felix snorted at Philip's admonishment.  "Well, I could have done with more notice."  He gave Philip a somewhat exasperated look.  "I was in Scotland, you know, with no idea that you'd have some hare-brained idea about getting leg-shackled.  As it was, I had to leave a whole set of baggage behind."
"Oh the horror," Philip mocked, grinning.  Felix always traveled with twice as many clothes as he needed anyway.  Looking at him today, in his dark plum waistcoat, navy trousers and superfine jacket, no one would think he'd been rushed in his dressing.  "I didn't know I'd be getting married when you left for Scotland or I would have told you."
"So how'd she do it?" Felix asked, settling himself down in the chair across from Philip.  Some men would sprawl comfortably in such a casual setting, but never Felix.  He was never less than perfectly presentable.  
"Do what?"
"Trick you into proposing, of course," Felix said, raising his eyebrow at Philip.  "Unless, of course, you were caught in a compromising situation, although I hadn't heard anything to the effect.  But I have been in Scotland."
To Philip's amusement, Marshall shot Felix a dirty look.  Most of the time his best friend and his valet got on admirably, but his staff had been quite entranced by Cordelia, and Felix's insinuations had apparently struck a defensive nerve in the man.  Even more amusing, he felt quite pleased by it.
"She didn't trick me, and she hasn't been the least bit compromised."
Well.  Mostly not compromised.  There had been some very passionate kisses exchanged in the past few weeks, but Philip had conducted himself admirably, considering how easy it would have been to sweep her away and... Remembering where he was and seeing how closely Felix was watching him, Philip shut down that line of thought.  Marshall gave Felix a superior kind of look as he finished off Philip's cravat and went to get his jacket.
"Well, I did hear she was a widow, so it would be hard to compromise her."
"A very respectable widow," Philip said.  Almost too respectable.  Keeping their encounters to kisses and caresses had done a number on his willpower, but it had been worth it.  In some ways, Cordelia was quite skittish.  While she wasn't an innocent, he didn't think she'd gotten much in the way of experience in the old Baron's marriage bed either.  Open-mouthed kisses had shocked her the first time, but she was quite eager with them now.  There was a passionate woman buried under her respectability, one which he was looking forward to unleashing tonight.  
"Dear god," Felix exclaimed, rolling his eyes.  "You've become a romantic."
A small smile curved Philip's face as he held out his arms so Marshall could help him into his jacket.  "Perhaps a bit.  You'll understand when you meet her."
Although Felix made a derogatory noise, Philip could tell that his friend was highly intrigued.  Despite the fact that Philip had shared his thoughts on marriage, after talking with Hugh and Edwin, Felix had remained unconvinced that Philip was serious - or that he would be able to find what he sought.  
"All ready, my lord," Marshall said, smoothing down the lapels of Philip's jacket and giving him a last once over.  "May I extend the congratulations of the staff?  We're very much looking forward to you and your ladyship's return this evening."
"Very good, thank you, Marshall," Philip said with a nod of dismissal.  The staff couldn't possibly be looking forward to their return more than he was.  What had possessed him to agree to an afternoon wedding rather than a morning?  There was still at least half an hour before it would be time to leave for the church.  Ah yes... he'd been hoping to give the reprobate in front of him more time to arrive.  
Seeing Philip's gaze landing back on him, Felix grinned.  "You're looking very good, old chap.  I'm glad to see Marshall's keeping you in tip-top shape."
"As if he would allow anything less," Philip said with a snort.  He gave himself one last glance in the mirror before turning away.  Although he knew he was good-looking, he wasn't given to Felix's kind of vanity.  "I have a favor to ask of you."
"Oh-ho," Felix said, his eyebrows rising.  Philip was not the type to ask for favors, usually preferring to do things on his own.  "And on your wedding day no less.  How can I refuse?"
Ignoring his friend's joking sarcasm, Philip pressed onward.  Today was too important for Felix's levity, and he wanted to impress the seriousness of the situation on him.  "I need you to keep an eye on Cordelia's stepdaughter, Gabrielle, today and keep her out of trouble."
Felix groaned.  "You want me to baby-sit some schoolroom miss?  What, you couldn't employ a governess to mind her?"
"Unfortunately, Miss Astley is too old for a governess," Philip said, a trifle grimly.  "Gabrielle is nineteen and about to embark on her first Season.  Cordelia and I will be postponing our honeymoon until Gabrielle receives an offer or the Season is over."
"Hoping to get the stepdaughter leg-shackled so you can have some privacy with your bride?" Felix asked with amusement, but his curiosity was obviously piqued. 
Although Philip didn't want to denigrate his soon-to-be bride in anyway, even obliquely, he decided it was best to be entirely frank with Felix.  The man couldn't be too prepared to deal with Gabrielle, as far as Philip was concerned.  It was his private opinion that Gabrielle was the main reason that Cordelia hadn't received any offers of marriage before his, in the years since the Baron's death.  
The little hussy had even had the nerve to bat her eyes and imply that she would make him a better bride when they were introduced, despite the fact that she'd just been told that he and Cordelia were engaged.  He could only count his blessings that she hadn't been at the house party where he'd met Cordelia and had been on a trip with a friend instead.  Making Cordelia's life more difficult seemed to be Gabrielle's main pursuit in life, despite Cordelia doing everything she could to make Gabrielle's life easier.
"If anyone will have her," Philip said.  "She's quite beautiful, but she's a viper, and she's wretchedly jealous of Cordelia.  It comes out at the worst times and in the worst ways."
"Make her dowry high enough and there will be plenty who don't care how waspish her tongue is."
"It's fit for a duke's daughter," Philip said quite seriously.  Felix let out a low whistle, seeing the grave expression on Philip's face.  "But for today, I just need to ensure she does not cause a scene and Cordelia has no reason for upset."
"Then I'm your man," Felix said with a loose salute.  Checking his fob watch, he got to his feet.  "We should be off, since you're apparently in earnest over this woman."
"Bloody right," Philip said with a grin, a little bubble of excitement filling him.  All his life he'd thought he would be apprehensive over his marriage, but the truth was he couldn't wait to make Cordelia his.
"How are you going to ensure the wicked step-daughter doesn’t do something to upset your bride before the wedding?" Felix asked curiously.  "Do you have someone running interference right now?"
"I sent Eleanor and Hugh's wife to help her get ready," Philip said.  He grinned as Felix let out another low whistle.  Although he'd never met Irene, Hugh's wife, Felix was acquainted with Eleanor and knew her as a waspish-tongued vixen when she wanted to be.  If Philip had given her the same kind of warning about Gabrielle that he had Felix, there was no doubt that Eleanor would guard Cordelia's happiness like a hostile mama-bear.
******
"You look lovely," Irene said, as Cordelia checked her visage in the mirror for the umpteenth time.  
Butterflies had taken up residence in her stomach and every time she turned away from the mirror she was sure that her dress had wrinkled or her hair had fallen down or any number of other potential disasters.  It didn't help that every time she glanced at Gabrielle, her stepdaughter was looking at her with a dismissive sneer on her face.  She was so grateful Philip's cousins had come to keep company before the wedding.  Eleanor and Irene were as sweet as could be and had kept up a supportive chatter the entire morning.  When Marjorie Irving, the Countess of Irving and Cordelia’s bosom friend, had stepped out to go have a word with her husband, Cordelia had worried about being along with Gabrielle, but Eleanor and Irene had come bustling in the moment Marjorie had left.  They were sweet and charming and thoroughly pleased to welcome her to the family.
Although they also seemed to be under the misapprehension that her and Philip's marriage was some kind of love match.  Cordelia wasn't quite sure how to correct them, so she just let their occasional comments slide, and tried to ignore Gabrielle's sneers.
Cordelia wasn't entirely sure what had prompted the Marquess to propose to her of all people.  It had been everything she and Marjorie had hoped for, when Marjorie’s husband had introduced them, but Cordelia still didn’t entirely understand the why of it.  She assumed it must have something to do with his desire for heirs, the same reason the Baron had wanted to marry her.  Although, he'd also wanted to marry her for her dowry.  The dowry was gone now, frittered away by Gabrielle's demands after her father's death, when Cordelia had only her own funds to support them.  The new Baron had been quite unaccommodating when he'd realized Cordelia wasn't going to accommodate him.  She shivered, not wanting to think about how close she'd come to accepting his proposal that she become his mistress, before Philip had proposed.
Sadly, there had been very few other options left open to her.  With her parents gone and no other family members to turn to, she'd relied on the charity of friends once the funds meant to sustain her and Gabrielle had been used up.  It wasn't Gabrielle's fault she didn't understand how to conserve.  As the Baron's only child, she'd been quite spoiled; however, as a daughter and not the necessary son and heir, she'd also been quite neglected.  Cordelia felt a great deal of sympathy for Gabrielle, even if the sentiment was not reciprocated nor appreciated.  Philip's proposal had come as a godsend for both of them.  As Cordelia had no skills, other than running a household, there was no position she could fill except that of a wife or mistress.  And if she'd become some man's mistress, who knew what prospects Gabrielle would have had.  The new Baron certainly hadn't concerned himself with the young woman's future any more than the old Baron had.
She supposed Philip's proposal must have something to do with her beauty, which was part of her current anxiety.  Suppose he was disappointed when he saw her today for some reason?  Might he change his mind?  Her ability to bear heirs was unproven, as the Baron had not been able to get any on her.  Her mind shied away from the few times he'd made the attempt.  Cordelia had found that she quite liked kissing Philip, and his touch made her body respond in the most incredible way, but she was still not looking forward to tonight.  No matter how attractive Philip was and how he made her feel floaty and tingly all over, the duties of the marriage bed hurt.  But, even beyond the safety and security this marriage meant, there were plenty of compensations.  She'd put up with whatever she had to as long as he kissed her regularly.
Looking in the mirror once again, she mentally reassured herself that she looked as beautiful as she could.  Creamy lace over green silk brought out the green flecks in her hazel eyes and her rich walnut hair was piled high with soft tendrils sneaking down to caress her throat.  Philip enjoyed curling those tendrils about his finger when he kissed her and so she had let them fall deliberately.  He'd gifted her a wide emerald necklace and matching earrings, which glittered and set off her dress admirably.  There was a natural pink flush of excitement and anxiety in her cheeks.  She bit her lips gently, to coax more color into them, but other than that... well, she had to admit she did look quite beautiful.
Although, she was afraid Eleanor's gorgeous looks easily overshadowed her.  Her soon-to-be cousin was a diamond of the first water, with her blonde locks and sapphire eyes.  Irene was quite beautiful too, even if her hair was unfashionably red.  She seemed quite confident in her own skin, which Cordelia envied.  Being the daughter of a merchant, who had been chosen by a member of the nobility for her money, youth and virginal status, didn't make her a social pariah, but it didn't make her entirely welcome either.  And now she was going to be marrying a Marquess. 
It was madness that Philip had asked her at all, but what else could her answer be but yes?  That he was only a few years older than her, devilishly handsome, and incredibly kind only made it seem more like a dream.  Even now she kept expecting to wake up and find that none of it had been real. 
"Stop fussing," Gabrielle said peevishly. She sneered.  "Philip seems to like the way you look anyway."
The pouting nineteen year old was sitting on a chaise a bit away from the rest of them.  Both Eleanor and Irene shot her a quelling look as Cordelia bit her lip again.  She was well aware that Gabrielle had made a play for Philip, and he had shot her down.  He wasn't the first suitor of Cordelia’s whom Gabrielle had made a play for.  They’d all been horrified by her behavior and amateurish attempts at seduction, making it known to Cordelia that she needed to rein in her stepdaughter just before they quit the field entirely.  She'd expected Philip to break off the engagement, to be as unwilling to deal with Gabrielle as the others had been, but he hadn't.  
All in all, she had a bit of hero worship for her groom.
"I just want to look perfect for him," she said, her voice a mere breath above a whisper.
Immediately Eleanor and Irene swooped in, their backs to Gabrielle, making a barrier between Cordelia and her stepdaughter. 
"Of course you do," Eleanor said, gently tugging Cordelia away from the mirror.  "But trust me, it won't matter what you look like.  He's mad about you."
There was a derogatory noise from Gabrielle's side of the room. 
"Which is why this wedding is out in the country, rather than London, with practically no one in attendance?" Gabrielle asked, with a superior sniff.
That wasn't entirely true.  The list of wedding guests was small because Philip had been sensitive to Cordelia's lack of relations and her tiny circle of friends.  He'd reassured her that he much preferred a small guest list, as he had little liking or patience for grand events.  "Think of the guest list as exclusive, not small," he'd told her.  Of course, Gabrielle wouldn't see it that way.  To help with the exclusivity, Philip had offered up his estate for the wedding.  It was only a day's ride away from London and less than an hour away from the Great North Road.  
Eleanor's eyes flashed as her voice rose a little higher, a little louder.
"Philip's a very decisive man," Eleanor continued.  "Once he decides he wants something, he gets it.  And he very much wants you.  I’m not surprised he was too impatient to let us plan a grand affair.  Not that he has any fondness for the balls and parties anyway."  She shot a significant look at Gabrielle, who rolled her eyes and looked away.
"Why, he couldn't take his eyes off you at dinner last night," Irene said, smiling widely, although she didn't speak as loudly as Eleanor.  "He looks so very much like Hugh, and believe me, I recognized that look."
"What look?" Cordelia asked, confused.  Both Eleanor and Irene giggled and exchanged their own looks, which Cordelia also didn't understand, between them.
"You know, that look, that a man gives a woman when he wants to-" Eleanor cut off as Irene nudged her, tilting her head towards where Gabrielle was sitting.  Eleanor coughed, covering up whatever it was she was about to say.  "Trust me, he's enamored of you.  You two are going to have a wonderfully happy marriage."
"Oh please," Gabrielle's words burst out of her as if she'd been holding them in.  "He's only marrying her because he needs an heir, just like my father did."
Eleanor spun around to Gabrielle, glaring, as Cordelia went pale.  It was one thing to know it, another to hear someone else say it.  Especially because part of her wanted to believe maybe just a little of what Eleanor and Irene were saying was true.  Even if she hadn't been in such dire straits, Cordelia thought she might have agreed to marry Philip.  More than the security and stability he offered, more than his good looks or his burning kisses, there was something about him that made her want to huddle close to him, as if he could protect her from every terrible thing life might have to throw at her.
So far, it seemed that life had thrown quite a few terrible things her way.  She counted herself lucky she hadn't somehow ended up in the streets or working on her back.  Perhaps it was a vain hope, but some small, wistful part of her heart desperately wished that this marriage of convenience could grow into something more.  Eleanor and Irene had watered that hope; Gabrielle seemed to want to pull it up by the roots.
"I understand that you have lived your entire life on your father's estate, with no practical interaction with Society or young men," Eleanor said coolly, everything about her demeanor and tone screaming her superior knowledge and maturity.  With just a single glance and statement, she made Gabrielle seem a child by comparison.  Cordelia envied the easy comfort with which Eleanor wielded that power.  "While you may be right about your father's motivations, you have no basis for your statements about my cousin.  I hope you pay close attention and learn a few things about what it looks like when a man cares for a woman before you begin your Season and make any dreadful mistakes in your assessments of your suitors' emotions."
The words could have indicated a level of caring on Eleanor's part; an older woman advising a younger one on the possible pitfalls of Society, but her tone cut Gabrielle off at the knees.  Cordelia felt grateful to Eleanor for being her defender, while at the same time embarrassed that she'd needed one in the first place.  The Baron had always chided Cordelia to be more "feeling" towards her stepdaughter when she'd tried to correct Gabrielle's treatment of her.  Since he rarely paid the girl any attention, Gabrielle had made a habit of prodding Cordelia for a reaction, if only to see her father come to her defense when Cordelia took offense.  
After the Baron had passed, Cordelia had let Gabrielle's barbs continue... out of habit or sympathy she wasn't certain.  Seeing Gabrielle's pout at Eleanor's admonishment perversely made Cordelia want to defend the girl, but she bit her lip.  Eleanor had said nothing out of turn, nor had she been harsh.  It was just that Gabrielle was used to saying whatever she wanted, especially to Cordelia.
"As you say," Gabrielle finally replied, in a derogatory manner, indicating she did not agree with Eleanor at all.  Obviously she had also realized that speaking her mind would get a reaction and not the one she wanted.  "I'm going to go see if the carriage is here yet."
Standing, she flounced from the room.  Cordelia let out an audible sigh of relief and then blushed.  She hoped Eleanor and Irene didn't think less of her for her reaction.
"Is she always like that?" Irene asked, still looking at the door as it closed behind Gabrielle in disbelief.  
"Gabrielle can be... difficult," Cordelia admitted, giving the two ladies a small smile, hoping to smooth things over between all of them.  "She can be quite sweet when she wants to be."
"I'll believe it when I see it," Eleanor muttered, turning Cordelia away from the mirror.  Cordelia couldn't help but grimace, and Eleanor gave her a wry smile.  "Don't worry, dear, Philip won't put up with any of that nonsense in his house.  I'm sure he'll soon have her toeing the line."  As imposing as Philip was, Cordelia wasn't sure even he would manage that. 
To her surprise, Irene giggled.  "If he's anything like Hugh, he certainly will.  I can't imagine what Hugh's reaction to her would be, if she said something so uncouth in front of him."
"I can," Eleanor said, with a roll of her eyes.  "And Edwin's exactly the same."  She gave Cordelia a wry grin.  "I used to be a bit like Gabrielle, if you can believe it."  She laughed as Cordelia shook her head.  "Oh yes.  I was quite spoiled and quite determined to give Edwin a rough go of our marriage.  Actually, in the beginning of our marriage I was quite awful."
"How did he stop you?" Cordelia asked, fascinated.  From the little she'd seen so far, Eleanor was quite strong-willed.  Irene was much more like Cordelia in temperament, although she was quite a bit more confident than Cordelia was.  
Glancing around, despite the fact that they were all alone in the room together, Eleanor leaned in conspiratorially.
"Spankings," she whispered... and giggled.
Cordelia's initial reaction was to be horrified... but Eleanor was giggling and Irene was smiling, and so she didn't know what to think.  "Spankings?"
"Or a strapping or birching if I'd done something particularly awful," Eleanor said with a little shiver.  "One time I threw something at his head and he took a wooden spoon to my backside."
"That sounds awful!"  Cordelia was aghast, and also a bit worried that Eleanor spoke about it so matter-of-factly.  But, perhaps being spanked wasn't the horror she imagined?
"Oh it was, but he stopped giving me the bad kind of spankings when I stopped deserving them."
"The bad kind..." Cordelia echoed, feeling more confused with every explanatory sentence that Eleanor spoke.
The blonde nodded.  "Sometimes there's the good kinds."  She giggled.  "I suppose the old Baron didn't play any of those games with you?"
"Definitely not," Cordelia said, shaking her head.  She wouldn't have wanted him to.  Her late husband had not been playful or kind, and she didn't doubt that a physical punishment from him would have been awful.  Fortunately, he'd mostly ignored her, as long as she stayed quiet and easy-going.  She looked at Irene curiously.  "Does Hugh...?"  She couldn't quite bring herself to say the words, no matter how easily Eleanor talked about it.
"Not... not quite like Eleanor."  Irene's pale skin flushed pink, contrasting with the hue of her hair.  Obviously, Irene was less comfortable speaking of such matters, which, oddly, made Cordelia feel more comfortable with her.  "Hugh has disciplined me on occasion, and it has led to quite enjoyable pleasure, but I do not enjoy the actual punishments.  Although, Eleanor's not nearly as bad as Cynthia."
"No one's as bad as Cynthia," Eleanor said.  "She actually likes the punishment spankings.  Fortunately, Wesley's more than a match for her.  You'll meet her later today, and you'll see what we mean."
The door opened suddenly, making them all jump.  Their conversation was highly inappropriate, for all that Cynthia appreciated the warning.  Philip was a very domineering man, she could easily imagine him turning her over his knee for a spanking.  The idea was quite terrifying, and yet Eleanor and Irene had both made it sound... well, not nearly as bad as Cynthia's imagination made it seem.  Her curiosity was piqued, but not enough for her to desire a demonstration.
It shouldn't be hard, after her years as the Baron's little seen and little heard younger wife, to stay out of trouble as Philip's wife.  Granted, there were the shoals of Society to maneuver around, but she already felt as though she could count on Eleanor and Irene to help show her the way.  At least, when they were around. 
"The carriage is here, my lady," said Marjorie as she re-entered the room, her eyes bright with anticipation.  No one had been happier for Cordelia than Marjorie when Philip had proposed.  A flutter of anticipation went through Cordelia's breast.
The possibility of spanking or not, she was much more excited about this wedding than her first.
Chapter 2
When Cordelia came down the aisle, on the Earl of Irving's arm, a kind of savage, possessive glee went through Philip's chest.  The guests murmured in appreciation as she passed by them.  His bride was so lovely, so quietly elegant, and it was all he could do not to rush down the aisle and sweep her up in his arms.  The poor darling looked incredibly nervous, her eyes downcast beneath her thin veil, only sweeping up to meet his gaze halfway down the aisle.  She was clinging to Irving's arm, her lacy skirts brushing against the Earl's leg, and Philip had to tamp down on his jealousy at seeing her touching another man.
At least the new Baron, who should have had the duty of giving her away, had sent his regrets to the wedding invitation, claiming duties on the estate.  Philip didn't think he would have been able to control his ire if he'd had to see the blaggard actually touching Cordelia.  Unfortunately, she didn't have any other family to give her away and so she'd asked the husband of her closest friend to do the honors.  The Earl had been delighted and flattered to be asked.
Standing up for Cordelia were the Countess Irving and Gabrielle.  The little hussy had been fluttering her eyelashes at Philip ever since she'd gotten into place beside the altar, but he ignored her.  As beautiful as Gabrielle was, and she was quite beautiful as well as vivacious, her young charms had absolutely no appeal to him.  The sweet demeanor she displayed was an act that he saw through easily; nothing like the inherent sweetness that imbued Cordelia through and through.  Gabrielle’s efforts were off-putting, rather than enticing, her inexperience at flirting quite evident.
When Irving passed her off to Philip, he closed his fingers around her gloved hand and held it tightly.  Wide eyes looked at him through the veil, her pink lips parted as if in anticipation of a kiss.
"You look beautiful," he murmured, smiling at her encouragingly as she stood beside him and they both faced the minister.  The smile he got in return warmed him.
As he turned his attention to the minister, he caught a glimpse of Gabrielle's pout from her place behind Countess Irving.  Which only confirmed to him that he'd made the right choice in asking Felix to keep an eye on her.  He knew he could rely on his friend.
The wedding seemed to speed by, all of his attention on the feel of Cordelia's slim fingers engulfed by his hand and her presence warming his side.  The exchange of vows was the first time he was able to look into her eyes, and his voice was strong and firm as he vowed to love, cherish, and worship her.  Cordelia's voice was low but clear, as she promised to love, cherish, and obey him as her husband.
Exultation lanced through his chest as the minister pronounced them man and wife.  His... Cordelia was his.  His to cherish, his to pleasure, and his to care for and protect. 
The kiss obviously took her by surprise, as he pulled her to him, and gave her a very thorough kiss to seal their marriage.  Laughter rang out around them at the groom's passion, all of which would help Cordelia's standing in Society as gossip about the wedding day went round.  That wasn't Philip's reason for showing his ardor, he just couldn't help himself, but knowing that it would increase Cordelia's cache with the ton was certainly a bonus.  Her first husband had kept her practically estranged from Society; the vultures would be circling in her first days as his Marchioness, wanting to gossip about why the Baron had kept her away.  Just showing his desire for her would make others take note of the fact that she was desirable.
When he pulled away, Cordelia wavered on her feet a bit, her eyes glazed as she stared up at him.  Almost starry-eyed.  Hopefully no one noticed the effect even a brief kiss had on him.  He'd begun awakening her passions at the house party, but as yet there had been no culminating event - and no relief for him from the baser desires that dogged him.  A glance over her shoulder showed that Gabrielle had gone from pouting to scowling, which helped a great deal in getting himself under control.  Looking behind him, Philip gave Felix a significant glance, before turning to lead Cordelia down the aisle.  
The receiving line of guests went smoothly enough. There were a few matrons whom had been piqued when he'd chosen Cordelia as his bride rather than - to their minds - the more appropriate choice of one of their daughters. The 'unseemly' kiss at the altar, and his obvious affection for Cordelia, had gone quite a ways toward soothing those ruffled feathers. He was sure there was already gossip about the 'love match' - seeing as there were no obvious advantages financially or socially to his choice of bride, and he could have chosen any younger, virginal lady if he all he wanted was a broodmare for heirs.
He and Cordelia weren’t in love, but he rather thought he might be falling into that tender emotion.
Certainly he had all the satisfaction of a conquering male who had claimed his female.  Cordelia was no longer someone else’s widowed Baroness, she was his Marchioness.
And tonight he’d stake his claim in a much more primal manner.no obvious advantages financially or socially to his choice of bride, and he could have chosen any younger, virginal lady if all he wanted was a broodmare for heirs.
He and Cordelia weren't in love... but he rather thought he might be falling into that tender emotion. 
Certainly, he had all the satisfaction of a conquering male who had claimed his female. Cordelia was no longer someone else's widowed Baroness, she was his Marchesse.
And tonight he'd stake his claim in a much more primal manner.
He and Cordelia weren't in love... but he rather thought he might be falling into that tender emotion. 
Certainly, he had all the satisfaction of a conquering male who had claimed his female. Cordelia was no longer someone else's widowed Baroness, she was his Marchesse.
And tonight he'd stake his claim in a much more primal manner.
******
The dinner following the reception was going by far too quickly.  Conversation seemed to fly past her.  Thankfully she'd been seated between Philip and Christopher, the Earl of Irving and her best friend, Marjorie’s, husband, who seemed to have combined forces to ensure that any gaps in the conversation because of Cordelia's distraction were quickly covered over.
"Sweetheart, make sure you try some of the duck, it's quite decadent."  Philip lifted his fork to her lips, a piece of duck in red wine sauce speared on the end of it.
Feeling almost helpless to do anything but obey, Cordelia opened her mouth and let him feed her.  A fission of excitement went through her as his eyes almost glowed, watching her chew.
She nodded.  "It's very good," she said, her voice low, but she knew Philip could hear her.
Her new husband leaned in, his lips nearly touching her ear and making her shiver again.  "Make sure you eat enough, darling.  You've barely touched your plate."
"I'm just a bit overwhelmed, I think."  She gave him a tremulous smile, the only kind she seemed to be able to summon at the moment.
"Don't worry, I'll take good care of you."  There was something hot and hungry about the look he gave her, which made her feel as though she was missing something vitally important.  That his words meant more than they actually said.
Cordelia was even more confused by the sensations running through her body.  Philip kept touching her.  Not just playing with the little curls on the back of her neck, but caressing her shoulder and then sliding his fingers down her back, laying his warm hand on her thigh... all of which were stirring at something inside of her that made her feel warm and antsy and somehow needy.  She desperately wanted to lean into him for comfort and security, and to quell the tingling under her skin, but such a public display of physicality would never be condoned by the ton, wedding day or not. 
On the other side of Philip, Gabrielle had being remarkably quiet after the first ten minutes of dinner, for which Cordelia was thankful.  In her current state of physical confusion and mental distraction, she couldn't possibly have kept the young woman from saying things she oughtn't.  She'd made a few snide comments at the beginning of the meal, and then Mr. Hood, as Philip had introduced his best friend to her, had leaned down and whispered something in Gabrielle's ear.  She couldn't imagine what the darkly handsome man, who was remarkably charming, had said to Gabrielle to make her sit so ramrod straight and keep her less pleasant remarks to herself, but Cordelia was thankful for it.
When the meal was over - how did the time pass so quickly? - Cordelia could feel herself winding tighter, as if her tension was pulling her through a grinder.  She didn't understand exactly what was happening to her body as it reacted to Philip's touches, but she did know that she wasn't looking forward to performing her marital duties.  So far, everything with Philip had been so wonderful; it wasn't fair that something so necessary as consummation should be the painful downside of marriage to him.
Marjorie shooed them out of the dining room, assuring Cordelia she would see to sending off the rest of the guests.  When Gabrielle made a move to intercept them, a dark and stormy look on her face, Eleanor was suddenly at her side, taking Gabrielle's arm and tugging her in another direction.  Mr. Hood stood nearby, watching, as if standing guard.  
"Don't worry, they'll keep an eye on her," Philip said as he led Cordelia toward the stairs.  The idea that she could hand over responsibility of Gabrielle completely, even just for a night, was such a relief that she couldn't resent Philip's desire to retire to bed.  After all, she was given to understand that men enjoyed the marital act, although the Baron had always acted as though it was just another duty to be performed.  Even if it was painful, at least it would be over with quickly, and if it brought Philip pleasure, then she couldn't begrudge him that.  Not after all he'd done for her and all that he continued doing.  "You and I have much more pressing matters to attend to."
Cordelia let out a little gasp as he swung her up in his arms, one braced behind her back, the other beneath her knees.  Wrapping her arms around his neck, she clung to him as he started up the stairs.  "Philip!"
The strength of his body was evident as he climbed the stairs, chuckling at her weak protests that she could walk perfectly fine.  He was all hard muscle and sinew, not even breathing hard as they reached the top.  
"You're in good hands, sweetheart, I would never let you fall," he reassured her, dropping a tender kiss to her head as he strode down the hall.  Cordelia nuzzled into his neck, loving the feel of being in his arms and dreading the moment when she would be in his bed.
******
Feeling the trembling of his bride in his arms, Philip wanted to curse the late Baron.  He'd known that Cordelia's passions had gone unawakened during her previous marriage, but he hadn't realized she was actually frightened of sex.  Philip wished he could bring the man back to life just so he could kill him again.  Cordelia was the kind of woman who needed both gentle coaxing and a firm hand, one whose passions were buried behind her modesty, but which flared to life beautifully when teased.
He knew he'd had her on edge during dinner, but now she was quivering like a little mouse before a cat.  As hot and needy as he was for her, he knew he was going to have to go slowly.
On the other hand, there was something greatly appealing about being the first man to show her how good sharing pleasure could be. 
"Wait!  You passed my room!"
Philip almost snorted.  "You won't be spending much time there, sweetheart."  He didn't add that as far as he was concerned, she'd be gracing - and sleeping in - his bed each and every night.  Considering her anxious state, he doubted she'd find that a reassurance at the moment.
"But I need to undress and put on my nightgown..." Her protests faltered as he carefully shifted her just enough to turn the knob on his bedroom door, just one room down from hers.
Carrying her inside, he set her down as he pushed the door shut behind them, his eyes gleaming with anticipation.  Her bridal finery was slightly rumpled after being carried, her cheeks pink from blushing, and he thought she looked absolutely delicious.  Or, at least she would if she didn't look so frightened as well.  
"I want to help you undress," he said, hooking his arm around her waist and pulling her to him.  "I want to peel each piece of clothing from your body, like I'm unwrapping a present.  And when I'm done, I absolutely do not want you to put on a nightgown."
Something flared in her eyes.  Despite never having known sexual pleasure, Cordelia responded to him.  And he knew she liked his kisses.  Lowering his mouth to hers, he kissed her the way he'd wanted to when the minister had pronounced them man and wife.  Deeply.  Passionately.  Intently.  And with his hands starting to roam her exquisite curves.
She clung to him, her tongue meeting his shyly but eagerly.  Before today, he'd spent quite a bit of time kissing her, despite the havoc it wreaked on his body.  This was something he knew she was used to, although he'd never taken any further liberties.
As he began undoing the buttons along her spine, he felt her tense, but she didn't stop kissing him.  If anything, her kisses became more passionate, more desperate.  He could only guess that she was trying to distract herself from what she feared by indulging in something she enjoyed.  Poor darling.  He didn't bother to reassure her that he would make her feel good - she had no reason to believe him, after all.  Instead, he was just going to have to show her.
His fingers slid under the fabric of her dress, peeling it from her body just as he'd promised.  Cordelia trembled, but when he pulled away from the kiss, her eyes were hazy with arousal, even if she didn't understand what it was.  The confused look on her face just made him want to kiss her again.
Instead, he helped her step out of her dress, shucking off his jacket as he moved them toward the bed.  As soon as she realized his direction, she tensed again, and he pressed his lips to the side of her neck.  A shudder went through her body that had nothing to do with fear.  Grinning, Philip pressed more hot, open-mouthed kisses to her neck, enjoying her little gasps and moans as he explored her silky skin with his lips and tongue.  Meanwhile, he busily pulled at the strings to her corset, until he could pull it free from her body.
Dropping it to the floor, he stepped back and looked at her.  Cordelia blushed, trying to shift her arms in front of her to hide, as her chemise was quite transparent.  The tightly budded peaks of her nipples were revealed to him, and he quickly took her by her arms, just above her elbows, to keep her from hiding them again.
"No, sweetheart, I want to look at you."
The pink in her face turned a beet red as his eyes traveled down her body, drinking her in.  Her breasts were just a bit more than a luscious handful, her hips and stomach nicely curved, and he swore he could see just a hint of the dark curls covering her mound through her drawers.
"You're so beautiful," he said reverently, and her eyes widened in surprise.
"Thank you," she whispered, before nibbling on her lower lip, seemingly at a loss for words in such a situation.
Groaning, Philip pulled her to him again, finding her lips with his, his hands sliding under her chemise to touch her silken skin.  He pressed his fingers against her back, massaging her tense muscles.  Cordelia moaned into his mouth, shivering again in his arms, but this time he knew it was because he was awakening her body, arousing her passions, and not because she was afraid.
Maneuvering them towards the bed, he pulled the tie on her drawers, and they dropped to the ground.  Just before they reached the bed, he pulled away again so that he could divest her of her chemise; leaving her completely naked while he was almost fully clothed.  Picking her up, he tossed his lust-dazed bride onto the bed.
******
Cordelia was a mass of confusion and anxiety and some kind of need... she desperately needed something, she just didn't know what it was.  There was an ache inside of her she didn't understand, coming from between her legs, and it frightened her because she'd never experienced anything good in that area before.  Some part of her worried that something was wrong with her, but at the same time she couldn't truly worry or be frightened because she felt so... so... muzzy.
The sensation of Philip's hands on her bare skin, so different from the Baron's, as he caressed and stroked and left a tingling trail in his path, had her trembling.  The hot, wet kisses he planted on her neck made her knees feel strangely weak.  Her breasts ached, her womanhood throbbed, and she could barely think, much less worry.
It was only in the moments when he wasn't touching her that all her fears and anxieties would start to rise up again.  When she landed on her back on the bed, they hit her hard and fast, but Philip was already there, climbing between her knees and forcing them apart- and making her more confused than ever.  He'd stripped her down to her skin, but he was fully clothed!
When the Baron had done his duty, he'd always come to her in the dark, pulled up the skirt of her nightgown, opened his robe, and pushed inside of her.  Cordelia wasn't entirely cognizant of what exactly happened, but she knew Philip couldn't do it when he still had everything but his jacket on.
Before she could open her mouth to ask, or protest, Philip bent his head down to her breast and pulled her nipple into the hot, wet cave of his mouth.  Cordelia's words came out as a gasp, as her head fell back and the incredible sensation coursed through her.  It felt... good.  So good.  Even if the strange throbbing between her legs increased to something almost like pain, at least there was pleasure to go with the hurt. 
"Philip!" she gasped out his name, reaching up to slide her fingers into the long strands of his hair as he sucked, hard, on her nipple.  "What are you doing?!"
She knew that she should be scandalized by the sensation, whatever it was, but... oh goodness it felt so amazing.
"Cherishing you.  Worshiping you," he said, releasing the tiny aching bud and moving over to its twin.  "Just as I vowed."
Cordelia was quite sure this was not what that particular marital vow meant, but she was in no position to argue as Philip's talented mouth repeated its assault on her other nipple.  Her head thrashed back and forth as her body tried to comprehend what was happening to it.  Moving her legs restlessly, her inner thighs and knees rubbed against his pants’ legs and, for some reason, she wanted to curl her legs around him... but it would hurt!  Wouldn't it? 
The throbbing building between her legs felt... good.  Mostly.  It kind of hurt too, though, but not in a way she'd ever hurt there before.  She wanted to put her hand down there and soothe the ache, but she knew she couldn't touch herself there in front of Philip.  It would be immodest and... and... wrong.
But at the same time, the more he touched her, the more his mouth sucked, the more her body seemed to need something indecipherable.
"Please," she whimpered, needing him to stop, because she couldn't make her body stop feeling this way while he was doing these things to her.  "Please... Philip."
"Shh, it's okay, sweetheart," he reassured her, moving his head down her stomach as his fingers slid up her inner thighs.  "I'm going to make you feel good.  There's nothing to be afraid of."
Fear hadn't entered into her mind for the past several minutes, but horror did when his hand finally touched her womanhood.  She was slick!
Immediately, Cordelia tried to sit up.  "Oh my god, Philip, I'm so sorry... I didn't think it was time for my courses, I-"
He cut her off with a kiss, his hand cupping her mound of soft curls, his fingertips still pressing against her folds.  His body weight pushed her back down to the bed, although she pressed her hands against his chest and tried to push him up.  He couldn't possibly want to touch her when she was on her menses!
"You're not on your courses," he said, when he finally pulled his lips away.  His fingers swirled in the wetness, pressing, and Cordelia gasped and her hips jerked as he pressed against something... marvelous.  "You're supposed to be wet, sweetheart.  It will make everything feel better.  You'll see."
"I don't understand," she whispered, shuddering.  Something was sliding inside of her - his fingers, his fingers were sliding inside of her and they... they didn't hurt.  There was no pain.  Just the opposite.  They felt good.  It felt incredible.  "I don't understand."
"I know, sweetheart.  But you will.  And I want you to know that this is always how I will make you feel when you're in my bed."
The fingers pressed, thrusting, the heel of his hand rubbing against that marvelous spot he'd found earlier, and Cordelia cried out.  Her back arched, thrusting her breasts up against his chest so that her nipples rubbed across the brocade fabric of his vest.  The little nubs itched and burned and felt so, so wonderful.
His mouth moved over the sensitive skin of her neck as she clutched at him, her body on fire as his fingers moved inside of her.  The sensation was exquisite, stirring that aching need that had built in her core, bringing her such incredible pleasure... she'd never guessed that anything inside of her could feel like this.  The slick movements, aided by the wetness that her body had produced, had her writhing against him, whimpering and moaning as her passions grew exponentially.
All of those building sensations came to a head, quite unexpectedly, and Cordelia screamed as they exploded inside of her.  It was like a sudden fountain of pleasure, as if she had gone to a great height and was suddenly dropped, with excitement and ecstasy and relief running through her equally.  Her body rocked, burning, tingling, moving against Philip's knowing fingers as he moved her through the throes of her very first orgasm. 
******
The utterly dazed expression on Cordelia's face as she went limp, made Philip smile in male satisfaction.  His bride's passions had been everything he'd dreamed of.  Already beautiful, she was utterly transcendent when gripped with ecstasy.  
Quickly, he shucked off his own clothing, no longer needing the barrier to help keep himself under control.  Between Cordelia's thighs, her sweet pussy was ripe and swollen, a gorgeous dark pink rose between her pouting lips and liberally dewed with her honey.  
As he returned to his place between her legs, she blinked, her eyes coming back into focus as she looked up to see him above her.
"Philip..." she asked, her forehead creasing in a bit of concern. 
"Just relax," he said, leaning forward to brush his lips over the little lines that had appeared on her brow.  "I'm going to make you feel good again."
Still dazed, she blinked up at him, but she didn't fight him or tense as he pressed his cock to the entrance of her body.  Already she trusted him.  Of course, the demonstration of what pleasure he could bring her to probably helped, as well as the fact that she was still confused and muzzy in the aftermath.
The hot, wet touch of her body against the head of his rod made him groan.  His hips jerked forward, impaling her on half his length in his needy eagerness, despite his goal to move slowly with her.  She was so tight, so wet, it was all he could do to grit his teeth and hold himself still at her shocked gasp.  The wet clasp of her cunt squeezed him, her hands coming up to press against his chest - but she wasn't pushing him away, to his relief.  It was more as if she just wanted to touch him, an impulse that he certainly wanted to encourage.
"It doesn't hurt," she whispered in wonderment, looking up at him, but somehow beyond him as well, at something that he couldn't see.  Again, he didn't know whether to curse her late husband, for abusing such a gentle flower, or to enjoy knowing that he was the first man to awaken her passions.
"No, sweetheart," he said gently, leaning down to kiss her lips.  A little more of his cock slid into her at the movement, and they both moaned.  Cordelia's body writhed, her hips lifting and taking even more of him, pulling him into her as her body finally recognized its own needs.  "It should never hurt.  It will never hurt with me, I promise you."
His hands slid up to cup her breasts, his mouth pressing against hers, and he slid his tongue between her lips as he thrust the rest of the way into her.  Cordelia mewled, shuddering beneath him, her pussy spasming around him as he buried himself to the hilt, but he could tell that her mews were of pleasure, not pain.  
Moving slowly, carefully, he reined in his own needy impulses and began to thrust gently but firmly into her wet warmth.  Teasing her nipples with his fingers, he tugged and pinched the little buds as she started to squirm beneath him again, her tongue meeting his in a passionate duel.  As she began to pant and writhe, her fingers digging into his shoulders, he knew that her own excitement was beginning to build again.
She was moving with him, her hips coming up to meet his thrusts, no longer afraid, no longer anxious... Cordelia submitted to him, gave herself over to him, and he could feel the difference in her body as she finally completely relaxed into the ancient rhythm of a woman loving a man with her body.
Groaning, Philip leaned forward, sliding his hands away from her breasts and under her shoulders so that he could more fully slide into her.  Cordelia moaned, her pussy tightening, and he knew that he was perfectly positioned to hit her swollen pleasure bud with every thrust.  It made her clamp down even more pleasurably around him as he moved inside of her, and he prayed that he would retain enough control to see her through a second climax.
He wanted Cordelia to look back on their wedding night with enjoyment, and to be eager to repeat the process, often.  Because he certainly intended to repeat it many, many times.  Tonight was only the beginning of her sensual education, but the first lesson always set the tone for all of the others.
Closing his eyes, to block out her beautiful face, he tried to think about less pleasant things to help him stave off his own release.  Like his horses.  His hounds.  His loss of a hundred pounds in a faro game last week.  
Every time he thought he'd regained his control, Cordelia would make a little whimpering noise or move her body in just such a way that she would shatter it all over again.  
"Please..." She whispered, her body arching up to meet his.  "Oh please... Philip..."
And he was lost.  No distractions could pull his attention away from the silken feel of her body gripping him, or the satin of her skin as she writhed beneath him, or the breathy way that she started chanting his name as her pleasure began to rise.  He moved harder, faster, relieved when she came along with him, her cries becoming more passionate.
Her second climax came just a moment before he reached the finish line, her muscles clamping down and massaging his cock, so that his first spurt of release was accompanied by a hoarse, surprised cry of pleasure.  It was possibly the most intense orgasm of his life; his mind actually blanked out as he wallowed in the exquisite sensation of filling Cordelia completely and making her his.
Spent, his arms buckled, and he barely managed to keep himself from crushing her.  Taking some of his weight onto his forearms, he captured her lips in yet another kiss, a benediction of sorts to the nearly spiritual experience of making her his wife.
When he pulled away, her fingers stroked his skin gently, almost absently, as if she didn't realize she was still touching him.  He stayed between her legs, pressed inside of her, just enjoying the warmth of her body and having her under him.
"I had no idea," she whispered, so quietly he wasn't sure she meant to even say the words aloud.  "I didn't know it could..."
"Oh, sweetheart," he murmured, dropping another kiss to her lips.  "I have so much to show you."
Chapter 3
Cordelia was very late coming down to breakfast the next morning.  Not just because she'd slept later than usual, although she had, but because Philip had not been ready to leave the bed when they'd first awoken.  He'd wanted to "show her" something first.
Apparently, he'd wanted to show her a repeat of the night before, only this time Cordelia had come to him eagerly.  She'd been a bit shocked that he wanted to do such a thing in the morning; after all, she hadn't even known it was possible.  Her encounters with her previous husband had always occurred at night, and they'd never been like that.   For the first time, she understood some of the comments she'd overheard other women making, comments that had never made sense to her before.
This morning, Philip had insisted on having her "ride" him, which had made her blush furiously, but she'd also enjoyed it.  Just as he'd been able to look at her, she'd been able to look at him, and it had made her feel quite... powerful.  Afterwards, she'd returned to her room to dress.  She was a bit sore between her legs, but it was a good kind of sore.  Not the painful soreness that she'd expected.
Indeed, despite the occasional muscle twinges, Cordelia felt as though she was floating on air as she entered the dining room.  
Breakfast was set up along the banquet, but the only current occupant of the table was Gabrielle.  A few others had occupied guest rooms last night, but either they had all eaten or they were even later to rise than Cordelia and Philip had been.
"Good morning," Cordelia said, determined to be pleasant, even though Gabrielle looked up at her with an unfriendly expression on her face.  After last night, and this morning, Cordelia felt like a new woman.  Truthfully, she was a new woman.  She was no longer the Dowager Baroness Hastings, she was the Marchioness of Dunbury.
"Perhaps for you," Gabrielle said, glaring at her angrily.  Cordelia's steps stuttered to a stop as she realized that there were tears in Gabrielle's eyes.  Not at all what she'd expected.  "How could you marry a man like that?"
"A man like what?" Cordelia asked, a trickle of unease going through her.  While Gabrielle could occasionally be given over to high drama, this was not at all what she'd expected from her stepdaughter.  She'd thought there would be more snide remarks about why Philip had chosen Cordelia or some carefully worded barbs about her current appearance.  Although, as she was dressed in part of the trousseau that Philip had provided for her, Gabrielle had far less ammunition about Cordelia's clothing than she had in the past.
"His friend threatened to hit me last night at dinner, and he said that he had Philip's permission to do it!" Gabrielle exclaimed, as her tears spilled over onto her cheeks.  Cordelia's hand flew to her open mouth.  The young woman's lower lip quivered, as if she was doing all she could to hold back a sob, and even her hand, which was clenching her fork tightly, was trembling.  "I've been sitting here, waiting for you all morning, and he came in here and had breakfast, and I've been too terrified to move ever since in case he should catch me alone."
Hunching slightly, Gabrielle's eyes went to the footmen standing at the doors, whose faces were kept carefully blank as they stared straight ahead.  Obviously she'd gotten some comfort from knowing that the servants were there and had been afraid to leave their presence.  Cordelia was horrified.  She'd never seen Gabrielle like this before.  It occurred to her that Gabrielle wasn't even dressed as impeccably as she normally was, her green dress was plain and without decoration, and wisps of her hair were already escaping what were usually flawless coils pinned neatly in place.
"There must be some mistake, dear," she said, although she hurried around to Gabrielle's side of the table.  To her surprise, when she reached out for her stepdaughter, Gabrielle practically threw herself at Cordelia, wrapping her arms around Cordelia's waist in a desperate hug.  It was the first time the young woman had ever willingly touched her stepmother, and Cordelia couldn't help but be touched that Gabrielle wanted her comfort and protection.  "I would never allow anyone to hit you, and I don't think Philip would either.  This must just be some kind of misunderstanding..."
Pulling away from Cordelia, Gabrielle let out a low, angry cry.  "I should have known you wouldn't believe me.  You don't care what happens to me at all now that you're married to someone else.  No one ever cares what happens to me."
Burying her face in her hands, Gabrielle sobbed piteously.  Cordelia wrapped her up in her arms from behind, holding her even if Gabrielle no longer welcomed her touch.  Gabrielle obviously believed what she was saying, although Cordelia was a touch surprised that Gabrielle even wanted Cordelia to care about her.  Then again, with her father gone - and he certainly hadn't shown any inclination to care about Gabrielle or her future prospects - Cordelia supposed there was no one else left to care about Gabrielle other than her.
It made her incredibly sad, and quite sympathetic, because at least now Cordelia had Philip.  If she brushed off Gabrielle's fears, her accusation, then the poor thing truly would be completely alone.  Her heart went out to the younger woman, whose father who had been disappointed that she was a female and whose mother had died giving birth to her.  The baron had been focused on getting an heir, with his attention only going to Gabrielle when she acted out, after which it would always return to his current wife.  As much as Gabrielle had always disliked Cordelia, it must have killed her to sit all morning at this table, waiting for Cordelia and hoping for protection and help from her.  
Even worse, Cordelia felt incredibly guilty.  She remembered very well that she'd seen Mr. Hood whisper in Gabrielle's ear last night at dinner and Gabrielle's strange behavior afterwards.  At the time, she'd been thankful for whatever the man had said to get Gabrielle to behave.  Now she felt abominable for even thinking such a thing.  
"I do care, I do, Gabby," she said, bravely taking the nickname that Gabrielle had never allowed her to use.  To her surprise, Gabrielle's hand found her own, squeezing it quite tightly.  "I will speak to Philip.  You have no need to be frightened.  I'll go speak with him right now."
"Thank you," Gabrielle whispered, turning her head to burrow it into Cordelia's shoulder.  
"You should go to your room and compose yourself," Cordelia said softly, patting Gabrielle's back.  She looked up at one of the footmen, who immediately met her gaze.  "Please escort my stepdaughter to her room, and do not let anyone delay her."
"Yes, my lady," the footman said immediately, coming forward.
Sniffling, Gabrielle stood, extricating herself from Cordelia's arms.  Surprised that the moment of companionship had lasted as long as it had, Cordelia let the younger woman go, although she felt a momentary pang.  She'd always wanted Gabrielle to accept her as a friend, at least, since their ages were not so different and they'd been in much the same situation, even if Gabrielle hadn't been able to see it before.  Of course, she didn't expect instant camaraderie, but she hoped that perhaps this would be a new start.
"Thank you," she said to the footman, before turning and hurrying from the room, breakfast forgotten.
******
All in all, Philip was quite pleased with his newly married state.  Especially having chosen as lovely and compliant a bride as Cordelia.  She'd been adorably shy upon waking this morning, but when he'd finally gotten her atop him, she'd ridden his cock with all the fervor and enthusiasm a man could hope for.  There was no doubt that she would be a happy student of the erotic arts, now that he had awoken her body and mind to the possibilities.
He'd been surprisingly reluctant to leave her to dress, but it had been necessary.  He'd ended up having a quick wash before Marshall shaved him and dressed him for the day.  By the time he was ready, his stomach was growling, and he was impatient to get to his breakfast.  After all, when he wasn't in London, he was used to rising and eating much earlier than this.  It felt decidedly strange to be keeping city hours when in the country.
Of course, they'd be leaving for London by the end of this week to rejoin the Season and introduce Gabrielle to Society.  If he was lucky, some poor fool would be willing to leg shackle himself to her; he'd certainly dowered her well enough.  Not that he'd let her go to a man who would mistreat her - after all, she was his responsibility now - but not all fortune hunters were bad men.  Some of them just had the misfortune to fall on bad times or to inherit an already crumbling estate, and would make decent husbands even if they needed the provided dowry.  Although, he already pitied whatever poor sod needed Gabrielle's dowry badly enough to marry her.  Once they had her settled, his responsibilities met, he’d be able to take Cordelia to the Continent for a delayed honeymoon.  
Striding through the hall towards the dining room, he was surprised to see Cordelia rushing towards him.  Dressed in a soft, blue day gown, her cheeks were flushed pink, and she looked distressed.  Not at all like the sweetly satisfied, happy woman he'd left in bed just an hour earlier.
"Philip, I need to speak with you, privately, please."  Her words blended together, they came out in such a rush, as soon as she was within speaking distance.  The tight anxiety in her voice made anger start to rise in his chest.  Whoever had upset her, on the first day of their marriage, was going to regret it.
"Of course, sweetheart, come in here."  Fortunately, they were standing right next to his study, and he knew there would be no one in there.  It was his inner sanctum when he was in residence and no one entered without invitation, not even the maids.  
Ushering Cordelia in ahead of him, Philip shut the door firmly behind them.  His stomach rumbled, but he pushed his hunger away.  Whatever was upsetting Cordelia was far more important.
She stood in the center of the room, wringing her hands and nibbling on her lower lip.  Every inch of her looked tense, making him want to take her in his arms and stroke her until she was as soft and supple as she had been after their loving.
"What's wrong, sweetheart?" he asked gently, putting his hands on her hips so he could both touch her and look at her face.
"It's Gabrielle... she-"
"What has she done now?"  Immediately he scowled.  Blast the chit.
"No, no," Cordelia said, to his surprise, shaking her head.  One of her hands came up, landing delicately on his chest, as she looked up at him imploringly.  "She's quite upset, Philip.  She... I don't mean to speak ill of your friends, but she's under the impression that Mr. Hood threatened to hit her last night, and that you gave him permission to do so."  Fury rose up in Philip, for just a moment, as Cordelia continued.  How dare Gabrielle distress her stepmother with such a falsehood?  "She's terrified, Philip.  She was too frightened to leave the sight of the footmen in the dining room, and, when I got there and she told me, she actually clung to me.  I sent her to her room, with a footman as an escort, and told her to stay there for now.  I don't think she'd feel safe otherwise."
Confusion lanced the bubble of anger.  Although he felt Cordelia indulged Gabrielle's fits of temper far too much, Cordelia's description of Gabrielle's distress... well, it sounded quite genuine.  Fortunately, he knew that his staff was discreet, and they all knew Felix well enough to be certain he would never hit a woman, so it didn't matter what the footmen had overheard.  Hopefully, Gabrielle hadn't said anything to anyone else.
"Of course she's safe," he reassured Cordelia, drawing her in so he could tuck his chin over the top of her head.  "I would never countenance anyone hitting any woman, no matter how trying she is."
"Philip!"  Cordelia squirmed against him, giggling a little at his slur towards Gabrielle even though she disapproved.  
"Neither would Felix," he continued, frowning.  "You're sure she didn't ah... misunderstand?"  It was obvious Cordelia didn't think Gabrielle had made the tale up whole-cloth, and Philip preferred not to rouse Cordelia's protective instincts towards her stepdaughter.  
"She was genuinely distressed," Cordelia said, although her tone was a bit uncertain.  "I didn't think you could have told Mr. Hood to do such a thing, but I've never seen Gabrielle like that either.  And he did say something to her at dinner; I saw him do so and it had quite an effect on her."
"I requested that he keep an eye on her and prevent her from causing any kind of scene," Philip said, "but he would never have threatened to hit her.  Spank her, perhaps," he added on, almost as an afterthought.  "But it would be an empty threat, as it would be entirely inappropriate for him to do so.  I would handle any such punishments, should they become necessary."
In his arms, Cordelia stiffened.  "Spank her?"
"Yes, sweetheart.  Gabrielle needs some discipline in her life, and as your husband, it is now my place to provide it."
Letting Cordelia squirm back far enough that she could tilt her head to look up at him, Philip studied her expression.  She didn't look overly distressed anymore, just confused and a bit worried.
"Um... Eleanor and Irene... they spoke a bit about... that..."  A high blush rose in her cheeks, a much more pleasing pink than the flush he'd seen her with in the hall.  
Able to guess just what Eleanor and Irene might have to say about spanking, given what he'd learned from Edwin and Hugh, Philip could only shake his head.  "Spanking a wife and spanking a stepdaughter are two very different activities, sweetheart.  Whatever Eleanor and Irene told you, I doubt it will apply to any punishments Gabrielle earns.  In fact, you'll see for yourself.  As she is not my daughter, I feel it would be inappropriate for me to discipline her without you present.  Also, your presence will help her state of mind."  
By which he meant that he thought it would imbue the proper respect for Cordelia that Gabrielle was currently lacking if she felt Cordelia was part of the punishment, but he could tell Cordelia thought he meant it as a comfort.  It would probably be both, as Gabrielle could not accuse him of anything untoward or of being too harsh if Cordelia was there as a witness.
******
This was not at all an appropriate conversation.  Or what Cordelia had expected, although she wasn't entirely sure what she had expected when she came to Philip.  She'd had trouble believing the very charming Mr. Hood could be capable of such brutality towards Gabrielle as her stepdaughter believed, but she also knew appearances could be deceiving.  However, she didn't think Philip would associate with a man like that, much less be good friends, and Philip's words reassured her of that.  
On the other hand, she wasn't sure she liked the idea of Philip disciplining Gabrielle like that.  It stirred the strangest and most inexplicable twinges of jealousy in her.  Possibly because Eleanor and Irene had both made it sound so intimate, as something that should be kept between husband and wife.  Not that Cordelia wanted Philip to spank her.  At least, she didn't think she did, even though his cousins had hinted it might be enjoyable under certain circumstances, and she'd already found just how enjoyable Philip could make activities that Cordelia had never thought she would -
"Sweetheart?"  Philip's fingers tipped her chin up to look at him as he peered at her in concern, and she realized she'd started woolgathering.
Licking her suddenly dry lips, she scrambled to form a coherent response.  "I don't know..."  
Her voice trailed off, because she didn't know exactly what she wanted to say.  The emotions swirling inside of her weren't just confusing, they were inappropriate.  She couldn't possibly tell Philip she didn't want him to punish Gabrielle because she didn't want her stepdaughter so close to him, physically.  For the first time, Cordelia found she had something she considered hers, which she didn't want to share. 
Something hot flared in Philip's eyes.  A look Cordelia already recognized and, after last night, finally understood the full ramifications of.
"I'd be happy to show you, sweetheart."
Not understanding but willing to allow Philip to lead the way, she didn't protest or try to pull away as he led her over to the chair behind his desk.  When he suddenly tugged her over his lap, so her stomach was resting on his hard thighs, Cordelia let out a frightened squeak.  Her heart was suddenly pounding as she realized how very vulnerable she was.  It was one thing to know how much bigger and stronger her husband was than her, it was another to have it demonstrated so clearly.
When he flipped her skirts up, tipping her further forward so she had to put out her hands to keep balanced on his lap, Cordelia finally came to her senses.  She tried to squirm away, but his hand on her waist kept her easily in place.
"Philip!  No!" she squeaked, her voice not nearly as firm or demanding as she wanted it to be.  
"Now, if you were Gabrielle, I wouldn't have you over my lap," he said, in a lecturing tone of voice, completely ignoring her protest.  A warm hand rested on the curve of her derriere, making her skin heat through her drawers. "Wives go over laps.  Gabrielle will bend over my desk or the arm of one of the chairs.  However, she'll get to keep her drawers."  Cordelia squeaked again as she felt her own drawers being slid down her body, baring the pale curves of her bottom cheeks.  "You'll be spanked on your bare bottom when you're naughty."
Philip's hand caressed her smooth skin and then gave her cheek a light tap, just hard enough to sting.  Strangely, a frisson of pleasure went through her body at the little slap, making her bite her lip to keep from gasping.  Even though Eleanor and Irene had mentioned pleasure, Cordelia found it extremely embarrassing considering her current predicament.  
"Should I show you now?"  Her husband's voice was teasing, flirting, as his fingers stroked her cheeks.  Even so, Cordelia immediately tried to wriggle away.
"No, thank you!  I understand perfectly now, thank you!"
Chuckling, Philip pulled her up onto his lap.  She could feel how red her face was, especially when her feet became tangled in her drawers and he pulled them free of her body completely.  It was an incredibly immodest feeling, to be sitting in her husband's lap, appropriately clothed on the exterior but missing her undergarments.  
"I'll speak with Felix after I break my fast," Philip said, brushing back the wisps of hair that had come loose from her coiffure when he'd put her over his knee.  "I'm sure he realizes that any such discipline would necessarily be taken care of by me, and he was just using it as a threat to keep Gabrielle in line."
Cordelia smiled shyly at him.  "Thank you, Philip."
Giving her a lecherous look, Philip pulled her in closer and claimed a kiss, until her stomach growled.  Chuckling again, he let her go.  "Come, we'll breakfast together, and then I will hunt down Felix and you may reassure Gabrielle."
For a moment, Cordelia hesitated as she got to her feet.  "Perhaps I should go to her now..."
Giving her a stern look, Philip shook his head.  "You need sustenance, and there's no reason she can't wait until after you've had some."
Since what he said was true, Cordelia didn't offer any protest.  She was feeling quite famished, and Gabrielle should feel safe in her own room.  It wouldn't hurt to give her more time to calm, either.  
"Wait," she said as Philip took her hand and placed it on his arm, ready to escort her from the room.  "My- my drawers."
******
The furious blush that filled his new wife's cheeks made Philip harden even further.  He was already struggling with his desires after having her over his lap, but he knew she'd be sore after their exertions last night and this morning and had wanted to give her more time to recuperate.  Besides, if he gave in to his desires all the time, they'd never leave the bedchamber. 
Still, this was a wicked little tease that he couldn't pass up.  Especially because he knew it would leave her thinking of him all day.
"Leave them," he said, pulling her away before she could bend down to scoop them up off the floor.  
"But the maids!"
"Don't come in here unless they're told to."  Leaning in, he whispered in her ear.  "I rather like the idea of you bare beneath your skirts all day, your drawers sitting on my study floor... perhaps I'll start a collection."
"Philip!  You shouldn't say such things!"  Cordelia sounded completely scandalized, trying to tug her hand away so she could go back and collect her drawers.
Stifling his laughter at his sweetly prim and proper wife, he kept a firm grip on her arm as he pulled her from the room and led her back to the dining room.  Fortunately, his staff had replaced the food with fresher fare for the lord and lady, and they were both able to eat their fill, keeping to much more proper avenues of conversation.  Philip was a little surprised at how satisfying he found such a domestic scene.  Although he'd been looking forward to having Cordelia as his wife, he freely admitted to himself that most of his fantasies had revolved around teaching her bedroom sport, disciplining her when she was naughty, and enjoying her passionate and submissive nature. 
Yet having breakfast with her, while talking over nothing, fulfilled a need that he hadn't even known he had.
Now he just needed to ensure he continued to have such happy domestic scenes, which meant keeping Cordelia happy.  As soon as he finished his second cup of coffee, he went off in hunt of his best friend.  He needed to find out exactly what Felix had said to Gabrielle.
Chapter 4
Unsurprisingly, Philip found Felix down by the kennels, looking over the latest litter of Philip's prize bitch.  The hunting hound was one of the best Philip had ever had and Felix had been trying to buy one of her pups for years.  Philip had always teased him by saying he'd give Felix one as a wedding present, and Felix would groan and threaten to steal one of them instead.  
Leaning on the fence, Philip cast his eye over the little balls of fur.  "All six still here I see."
"For now."  A smile quirked Felix's lips as he gave Philip a sidelong look.  Philip grinned at first, and then sobered.  Seeing the change of expression, Felix's became more serious as well.
"What happened with Miss Astley last night?" Philip asked.  It was a query he would have made regardless, wanting to know what trouble his new stepdaughter had attempted to stir, but the question seemed much more fraught now.  Cordelia's protective instincts had been roused, and while he knew that Cordelia believed Gabrielle's assertions, he also knew Felix.  He would prefer his wife and his best friend not be at odds.
"One too many cutting little remarks," Felix said, frowning now.  He shook his head, his dark eyes serious, making him look almost brooding.  "She's too green to realize that her insinuations will reflect badly on her first, and then on you and Cordelia - although not for the reasons she thinks."  By which he meant that the ton would censure Cordelia for not instructing Gabrielle on how to behave and Philip for his lack of control over his stepdaughter.  It was doubtful that anyone would believe her slurs, but they would negatively affect the entire family anyway.  "Eventually I told the chit that if she couldn't keep her mouth shut, she'd find herself over my knee and I'd spank that nastiness out of her."  He sighed, giving Philip a rueful smile.  "I realize that it wasn’t appropriate, but she refused to be deflected and it was becoming quite... trying.  And it worked. Once she started to behave herself, her company was much more enjoyable."
"I can sympathize," Philip murmured.  He'd had enough of his own experiences with attempting to divert Gabrielle to more appropriate avenues of conversation to understand just how tenacious she could be when she had the conversational bit between her teeth.  They both watched the hounds play for a moment; two of the pups were tugging on the opposite ends of a knotted rag, tumbling into each other in their enthusiasm.  "I hope you understand that I could never allow you to carry out such a threat as long as Gabrielle resides in my household."  The significant look he gave Felix made the other man snort.
"I've no need of her dowry," Felix said immediately.  His eyes drifted down to the hounds.  "Although, she's beautiful enough.  I could be convinced to take her off your hands for say... these two pups right here."
"Really?" drawled Philip, leaning more heavily on the fence as he studied his friend.  
"You must admit, two pups and the right to spank her as I please... it wouldn't be such a bad deal."  Although he spoke in an off-handed manner, Philip was intrigued.  He wasn’t sure Felix was joking, which was entirely new.  Felix had certainly never shown interest in marriage before.  Of course, Philip had never had a trying ward to trade either.
"Even if I tell you that she's accused you of threatening to hit her to keep her in line?"
"The hell she did!"  Indignant, Felix straightened, his dark eyes blazing with anger.  "That little... I specifically said I would spank her, I swear.  You know I would never hit a woman."
"I suspected as much," Philip said, his own ire turning to amusement as he saw how incensed Felix was.  He'd never seen his friend so irate.  Although Felix's eyes were so dark brown as to be almost black, he'd never seen them looking quite so black.  There was a tick in his clenched jaw, and he was gripping the fence so tight it was a wonder the wood didn't snap like kindling.  If nothing else, he had to admire Gabrielle for knowing exactly how to get under his friend's skin on such short acquaintance.  Felix was well known for being quite cool in the face of insults, adversity, fire and flood.  "I made sure Cordelia knew as well."
The fury drained from Felix's face, turning to concern.  "She didn't believe such a thing, did she?"
"I assured her that Gabrielle must be mistaken and that, of course, I would be the one to handle any discipline Gabrielle requires.  However, if you could exert yourself to charm Cordelia, to reassure her further, I would appreciate it.  I would hate for my new wife to think I could associate with a brute."  
The joking further calmed Felix, although Philip doubted that the other man would forget what Gabrielle had said.  If anything, his hand was probably itching to spank the chit even more than it had been before.  
******
When she knocked on Gabrielle's door, Cordelia was astonished when it flew open almost immediately.  Gabrielle looked even more flustered than she had in the dining room, and guilt suffused Cordelia as she realized the extra time hadn't calmed the young woman at all.  If anything, it looked to have made her more anxious.
"Is he gone?" Gabrielle asked, although her tone made it sound more like a demand.  While she was still flustered, she seemed to have regained some of her customary confident arrogance.
Cordelia glanced down the hall.  There was no one in sight, but still... she knew Gabrielle would be distressed by the outcome of Cordelia's conversation with Philip and she didn't want an unexpected audience to any scene.  "May I come in?" she asked, instead of answering the question.
Stepping back, Gabrielle's eyes narrowed.  Obviously, she already suspected events had not advanced in the way she desired.  As Gabrielle shut the door, Cordelia turned to face her, steeling herself for what she knew would be an unpleasant interview.
"Gabrielle, did Mr. Hood say that he would hit you or that he would spank you?" Cordelia asked, before Gabrielle could demand an answer to her previous question.  This was the most pertinent piece of information to Cordelia, as she needed to know exactly what Mr. Hood had threatened.
"It's the same thing," Gabrielle said sharply.  "The man threatened to beat me, and you're quibbling about what word he used?"  Her hands went to her hips as she glared at Cordelia, making Cordelia shrink into herself a bit.  
"It makes a difference," she said softly, although she knew it wouldn't make a difference to Gabrielle either way.
"Either is unacceptable!  I am a young lady, I refuse to be treated as a child."  Fuming, Gabrielle started pacing.  She sneered at Cordelia.  "Apparently, your new husband isn't as enamored as you were told, if he refused to take your side already."
"It isn't my side, nor is it your side," Cordelia replied, trying not to let Gabrielle's barbs prick her.  She didn't care what Gabrielle thought, Philip had been quite caring and ah... well.  Gabrielle certainly didn't need to know anything about that!  "The Marquess reassured me that he would absolutely not allow Mr. Hood to... to discipline you.  Mr. Hood overstepped his bounds, and Philip will speak with him.  However-"
"Ha!"  Gabrielle crowed, triumphantly.  Her light brown eyes glowed almost amber, making her look quite pretty despite the tendrils of hair that had escaped her pins.  "That over-bearing - "
"Gabrielle," Cordelia said sharply, cutting off whatever insult Gabrielle had been about to utter.  "You should also know that Philip has said he will take care of any necessary discipline in the household."
Her stepdaughter's jaw dropped in an almost comical manner, although Cordelia could certainly sympathize with the response.  She still wasn't entirely certain how she felt about this penchant for spanking within Philip's family.  Or her reaction to it when he'd put her over his lap and drawn up her skirts.  It was impossible to forget when her bare legs rubbed together, unencumbered by drawers.  She hoped she wasn't blushing too much.
"You would let him beat me?" Gabrielle asked, more tears sparking in her eyes.
Unlike her tears from earlier, in the dining room, these came from unreddened eyes and were accompanied by a pouting lower lip.  Crocodile tears that Cordelia had seen regularly over the years.  They didn't leave her entirely unmoved, because she knew Gabrielle's feelings had some basis that made her able to produce the tears, but they certainly didn't concern her the way Gabrielle's terrified tears had earlier.
"Philip would never hit you," Cordelia avowed, confident in that.  "But-"
"Only children are spanked!  I am not a child!"  Contrary to her words, Gabrielle stomped her foot as she produced more tears, which she let fall down her cheeks unchecked.
"Gabby-"
"Don't call me that!"  Whirling around, Gabrielle flung open the door to her bedroom.  The tears had stopped as abruptly as they'd started, but the bright color in her cheeks attested that her temper had been set off.  "Get out of my room!"
Knowing better than to further engage her stepdaughter when she was like this, Cordelia hurried out of the room, wincing as the door slammed shut behind her, nearly on her heels.  Fortunately, the hall was as empty as it had been before.  Cordelia supposed that most of the guests must be outdoors, enjoying the splendid weather.  
Determined to be a good hostess, even if she was - as usual - failing at being a good stepmother to Gabrielle, Cordelia set her shoulders and moved towards the stairwell.  
******
When the lunch gong sounded, the guests gathered on the patio for a splendid outdoor luncheon.  Gabrielle had remained in her room, requesting a tray be delivered, which made for a very relaxed and enjoyable meal for everyone.  Seated next to his bride, Philip looked on as Felix did his best to charm her - not a difficult task considering he was naturally very charming - and Hugh, Edwin, Eleanor, and Irene entertained her with conversation about the upcoming Season. 
Keeping one ear to the murmurs of the other guests, Philip was pleased to note that no one thought anything of Gabrielle's defection to her chambers.  While a few had probably noted her waspish tongue yesterday, most of them seemed to be under the assumption that she was a young woman overwrought by the marriage of her stepmother to a new husband.  Although the time for mourning the Baron had passed for both his wife and child, Gabrielle still received a certain amount of sympathy, and therefore leeway, in behavior.
Once they were in London and the Season was upon them, that would change, but for now, at a small wedding, the guest's assumptions were in her favor.
Turning his attention back to Cordelia, a small, satisfied smile tipped his lips.  She was laughing at something Felix had said, looking entirely comfortable, whereas she had initially been a bit hesitant when he’d sat beside her.  Dressed in a flattering bottle-green dress with copper trim, she was quite striking, especially with the sun bringing out hints of red and copper in her dark hair.  
"I assure you, my lady, no matter my many misdeeds, I am the very model of propriety in comparison to my brothers," Felix said, his dark eyes twinkling merrily. 
Cordelia only laughed again.  "Then I shall have to keep far away from your siblings, sirrah."
Holding his hand over his heart, Felix lifted his gaze to the heavens.  "You wound me cruelly!"
"Quite unfair of you, sweetheart," Philip said, joining in the conversation.  Cordelia turned her head to him in surprise, and he grinned at her.  "Felix is telling nothing but the truth.  His brothers are quite awful."
"You see?"
Giving both of them disbelieving looks, Cordelia giggled.  "Your poor parents, with such scoundrels for sons.  And you have no sisters?"
"Thankfully not," Felix said with a shudder.  "I can only imagine what kind of hoyden my parents would have created.  Mother always says that they stopped after me for a reason."
This rejoinder received another delightful peal of laughter from Cordelia.  Felix had certainly taken Philip's command to be charming to heart.  He could tell that Felix was charmed by her as well.  Without her stepdaughter's presence causing her anxiety and quashing her personality, Cordelia had quite come out of her shell.  
Once the luncheon was over, the guests began to depart to make the short trip back to London.  The smaller events preceding the Season already begun, and many of them would be attending various soirees that evening in the city.  Later this week, Philip, Cordelia and Gabrielle would join them, as the smaller affairs were the perfect opportunity for Cordelia and Gabrielle to get their feet wet in Society before the larger crushes began.  Upon departing, the Countess of Irving had secured a promise from Cordelia to call upon her when they arrived in London.  Philip knew she was looking to help establish her friend creditably from the very beginning, as his cousins would be.  After having been sequestered in the country for so long, the ton was likely to be very curious about his new Marchioness.
It would also be a good opportunity for Gabrielle to learn how to behave.  Small transgressions in a debutante were forgiven much more easily in the weeks preceding the Season. By the time the Season opened, it was expected that they be more polished, and any small misstep could tarnish a young lady's entire Season.
That evening, dinner was a quiet, private meal between just Philip and Cordelia.  Despite Felix's departure, Gabrielle was still sulking in her room.  Philip theorized that she meant to punish them with her absence, and perhaps stir feelings of guilt in Cordelia.  Neither of them missed her, however, and he did his best to distract Cordelia from feeling any such emotion.
******
Dinner with Philip was almost strange, after the way his manor house had been bustling with guests for the past few days.  To be alone now was very different.  Philip had even had the footmen arrange their place settings next to one another, rather than at opposite ends of the table as would be considered more formally appropriate, so they could converse easily.
Cordelia was somewhat flustered by the sweet gesture, as it wasn't anything like she'd experienced before.  It fed into the hope Eleanor and Irene had raised in her, that her marriage might be something more than an alliance for breeding the heir.  She'd seen the way the ladies had interacted with their husbands, and the marked difference in how other married couples behaved.  Edwin and Hugh certainly weren't led by their noses, they were strong men within their own rights, but they kept a weather eye on their wives and, if either lady seemed in need, it was their husband who saw that her needs were met.  Both men, although quite devastatingly handsome, brushed off any amorous advances from the ladies, and eyed askance any gentleman foolish enough to approach their wives in a flirtatious manner.
She'd overheard more than one conversation about how unfashionable their attitudes were, the old adage that the most loyal husband was a reformed rake, and the curiosity over whether Philip might follow his cousins' examples.  Cordelia had immediately squashed down the hope that he might.  After all, she had no reason to expect he would, and they had married rather suddenly, whereas Edwin and Eleanor had known each other all their lives, and Hugh and Irene had gone through a more traditional courtship.  She and Philip had only known each other for a few weeks.
Finer emotions played no part in their marriage.
Oh, but how she wished... and it did seem that he must feel some kind affection for her.  He'd danced attendance on her all day, although that could also have just been a show for the guests, as they were newly married.  But he hadn't had to have the footmen arrange their place settings together.  And he'd been quite understanding about her consternation over Gabrielle's accusations, despite the fact that they'd involved his best friend.  
"Are you feeling all right, my dear?" he asked, putting his hand on her wrist, and Cordelia came to with a start, blushing as she realized that she'd completely wandered off in the middle of their conversation.  She'd been staring off into space, her strawberry tartlet untouched on her plate.
"I'm so sorry," she said immediately.  "My thoughts got away from me... it's been quite a day.  Perhaps I should retire early this evening."
Meeting Philip's eyes, she was startled to see the anticipatory smolder in his blue eyes, as if her words had lit a flame within.
"I should be happy to retire early with you, sweetheart."  His voice had deepened, imbuing his words with a deeper meaning, and his fingers stroked across her wrist.  Cordelia's blush turned brighter, and her body flushed with warmth as she remembered just how pleasant retiring with him could be.  How strange that in the course of just a day she could swing from being an anxiously reluctant bride to being quite eager to engage in their bedroom activities!
The warmth that filled her body pooled between her legs, making her tighten her thighs together as Philip's finger slid under her glove to the bare skin beneath.  
Not being versed in flirtation and unsure what to say, Cordelia took a bite of her tartlet instead of responding.  But she didn't move her arm away either.  Out of the corner of her eye, she could see her new husband watching her eat, which made the sweet strawberries seem utterly tasteless.  It was as if he'd ensnared every single one of her senses completely and nothing else could impinge on them.  
Slowly, keeping his eyes on her, he began to pull her glove down. 
Now, she did snatch her hand away.  "Philip!" she whispered, scandalized. "Not at the dinner table!"
Chuckling, Philip rose, holding out his hand.  "Then, perhaps you will accompany me to the bedroom, my lady?"
The strawberry tartlet, as good as it was, had no comparison to what her husband was offering.  Even if Cordelia wasn't the type to follow her husband's lead, she would have immediately agreed.  Since she was, there was no hesitation as she put her hand in his and allowed him to lead her from the dining room.
As they departed, the flashing grins of the footmen followed them.  The staff was very happy with the Marquess' choice in a wife; after all, a happily settled master made for a happily settled estate.
******
As they passed by the hall where Gabrielle's suite of rooms was located, Cordelia's footsteps slowed as a small pinprick of guilt nudged her.  She glanced down the hall.
"Perhaps I should-"
"No, sweetheart," Philip said firmly, keeping her hand securely on his arm by covering it with his free hand.  "Mrs. Pennyworth delivered a tray to Gabrielle herself, so she's had a splendid dinner.  I'm not of a mind to let her interrupt our evening with a tantrum.  She's about to embark on her first Season, after all, and must rise to the occasion of behaving like a young lady."
Mrs. Pennyworth was his housekeeper and not entirely approving of Gabrielle, as she was already a staunch supporter of her master's bride, but she was much more sympathetic to the young woman than Philip was.  Hearing she'd attended to Gabrielle herself soothed Cordelia's conscience.  Gabrielle had not been left utterly alone.  Philip was correct, as well; Gabrielle had chosen her own course of action for the evening, and she should endure the consequences of it.  
It was hard to break the habit of concerning herself with what Gabrielle wanted or needed and to put herself first, but she felt a rush of relief as Philip gave her permission - nay an order - to do just that.
"You're right, of course," she said, smiling up at him almost shyly.  Despite the pleasure last night - and this morning! - as they neared the bedroom, she still felt a small trickle of trepidation.  Not because she thought it would be painful or unpleasant, but because she realized that he was much more experienced in such matters and there was so much that was unknown to her.
But none of that mattered when Philip closed the door and caught her up in his arms.  Her body tingled as he held her close against him, her soft curves crushed against the hard line of his body as his tongue thrust into her mouth.  It was shockingly exciting to be so quickly overcome by him.  With his arms about her, her toes barely touched the floor as he moved them towards the bed.  She could feel the heat of his body even through their clothing, making her feel almost feverish.
Philip was a very thorough kisser, able to sweep her senses away from her as she was lost in the dizzying pleasure of his hands and lips.  He tasted like sin and seduction, leaving her breathless.  She barely even noticed as her gloves and his jacket fell to the floor.  Thus it was, she had no idea of his intention before she found herself suddenly gasping for breath and upended over his knee as he drew up her skirts.
"Philip!"
"Don't worry, sweetheart, you haven't been naughty, I promise this won't hurt.  Not really."
******
He'd meant to wait to introduce Cordelia to more exotic bed play, he truly had, but having her over his lap earlier today had excited him greatly.  While it hadn't been the time or the place then, he had no qualms about spanking her now.  Just a light one, enough to turn her creamy cheeks a blushing pink and introduce her to the pleasure a hint of pain could bring.
Unsurprisingly, despite her verbal protest, Cordelia didn't try to struggle or escape him.  She was too inherently submissive for that, which, of course, was part of her draw.  There was a passionate, spirited woman at her core, but it was also a woman who yearned to have an alpha male take control of their erotic encounters.  The Baron had used that need to tromp on her, but he had not broken her.  Philip intended to cultivate that need and introduce her to all the pleasures the marriage bed could bring.  He'd spent some time observing his cousins' marriages and had come to the conclusion that their easy happiness in public must be a result of their private satisfaction with each other.
Therefore, he would see to every one of Cordelia's needs, which just happened to be his own as well.
With her skirts up around her hips, he groaned as he saw that she hadn't put on any drawers when she'd dressed for dinner.  It had been bad enough knowing - hoping really - that she'd been uncovered during the day, it hadn't occurred to him that she might continue the practice once she'd changed.
"Good heavens, you're perfect, Cordelia," he said, reverently, as he caressed her bare thighs, sliding his hand up to the curve of her bottom.  "If I'd known you were bare, I would have never been so calm during dinner."
"You said you didn't want me to wear them" she replied, her voice slightly muffled and very embarrassed.  
He grinned.  She was even more submissive than he'd expected, continuing to be led by his desire.  
"What did your maid say when she helped you dress?"
Cordelia muttered something, and he gave her bottom a little smack.  Not hard at all, just enough to make the soft flesh of her buttocks ripple, and to get her attention.  "I couldn't hear that, Cordelia."
"I waited till she was gone to take them off."
He couldn't help it, he burst out laughing.  On his lap, he could feel Cordelia's body shake as she started giggling.  The idea that Cordelia was hiding her lack of drawers from her maid... well, she certainly had propriety driven into her!  It was doubtful her maid would have blinked an eye at the request, after all, it wasn't her place to do so.  But his darling Cordelia cared what even the staff thought.
Still chuckling, he ran his hand over her buttocks.  She stopped giggling as he caressed her ivory skin and he was quite sure she was holding her breath.  His cock was already hard as a rock and poking into her stomach, which didn't have quite as much give as it had a moment ago.  
SLAP!  SLAP!
One blow to each cheek, followed by a little gasp from Cordelia.  It wasn't a pained gasp, and not quite a shocked gasp, but more like she didn't know quite what to make of the situation.  Mindful of his intention to go slowly with her introduction to these more exotic pleasures, Philip rubbed his hand over the slightly pink spots he'd just spanked.  This elicited a little moan from his new wife as she squirmed slightly on his lap. 
He let his hand slide down so that his fingers could tease the soft folds between her legs, and he grinned as he realized that she was already a bit damp. Perfect.
SMACK!  SMACK!
******
The little spanks Philip was giving her wasn't at all what Cordelia had imagined when he said he'd spank her.  But then, as he'd said, she hadn't been naughty.  This was supposed to be pleasurable.
Surprisingly, it truly was.
The little rubbing caresses that followed the slight sting of his smacks soothed away what little pain there was, making the temporary bite more than worth it as her skin heated.  Her inner muscles clenched with every slap and she quivered with every caress.  When his fingers slid down to stroke her feminine folds, she found herself spreading her legs farther apart to give him easier access.
It felt quite wicked, really, to be fully clothed but with her skirts bundled up, while her husband spanked her upturned bottom.  Especially as there was almost something playful about the way Philip was doing it. 
SMACK!  SMACK!
"Just a hint of blush in your pretty cheeks," he said approvingly, his hand rubbing over the spots.  "Do you think I can make your arse match the pretty rose of your pussy?"
"PHILIP!"  Even though her body tightened at his crude language, the admonishment came automatically.  Heat flushed in her cheeks, and she helplessly wondered if her face now matched the color of her bottom.
He just laughed and spanked her some more.
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
As the blows rained down, his hand snapping against her tender skin, she couldn't stop herself from squirming as the heat in her bottom began to rise.  It wasn't entirely unpleasant, despite the stinging bite every time his hand connected, as she felt a steady throbbing begin between her legs.  Even though the spanking stung and burned, her body was responding to the pain the same way it did when he stroked or caressed her.
Of course, he was doing those things too, in between delivering firm slaps to her jiggling flesh.  
Spanking, then stroking, leaving her bottom half burning as he alternated between the two, giving her less and less time to catch her breath on the intervals before he began spanking her again.  She thought it should hurt by now, but it didn't.  At least, not exactly.  She wasn't sure anymore if it hurt or not, her body was so confused by the intermixing sensations.
This time, when he stroked her wet folds, his fingers slid inside of her, and she gasped, quivering as her inner muscles clenched around him.  Philip groaned, as if in pleasure, and pumped his fingers in and out of her.  It felt... incredible. 
"Please... oh please..." she whispered, her hips lifting to meet his stroking fingers as the pleasure welled inside of her.  
When he'd promised her that he would always make her feel good while they were in bed together, he'd certainly been truthful.  Even now, after being spanked, she felt like she was flying.
With a groan, Philip pulled her up off of his lap and practically tore the clothes from her body, in between frantic kisses and groping.  She found herself just as immersed in divesting him of his garments.  More than one seam was ripped in their rush.  She gasped and moaned as his hands squeezed her breasts, her hips, her sore bottom... it felt utterly delicious when he gripped her reddened backside.  Last night he'd started to turn her into an utter wanton, and tonight he was apparently going to finish the job.
She squealed when he tossed her onto the bed, her sore bottom bouncing on the sheets, which sent all sorts of tingles through her body.  
Crawling onto the bed, lusty hunger in his bright, blue eyes, Philip placed himself between her legs - but not where she expected.  Instead, his hands slid under to cup her bottom, her cheeks hot against his palms, and his broad shoulders forced her thighs apart.
"Philip?" she asked, confused.
The look in his eyes was utterly sinful as he lowered his mouth to her other set of lips.
"Philip!"
He was wicked.
The slide of his tongue against all that sensitive flesh had her writhing, her hands going down to grip his sandy locks as she cried out in shock and pleasure.  This went far beyond anything her imagination could have supplied and it was... blissful.
******
The taste of his wife's honey was sweeter than any dessert.  She'd responded so beautifully to a pleasurable, light spanking that it had been all Philip could do not to turn her over and take her then and there.  But he'd promised her pleasure, and he was damned if he was going to rush her on their second night of marriage.  While she'd been quite wet by the end of her spanking, he wasn't taking any chances.  She was lost in passion, overcome by her body's response, and so it was up to him to ensure that she remained that way.
Besides, hearing her cry out his name in such astonished and ecstatic tones fueled his masculine pride.  His wife, who hadn't expected any kind of pleasure in their marriage bed, was rubbing herself against his lips, her fingers tugging at his hair, in the most delectable manner.
Pressing his cock against the bed wasn't the same as burying himself in her wet sheath, but it did relieve some of the aching need that was riding him.  There would be plenty of times in the future when his needs would come first; for now he had prioritized hers above them.
The warmth in her buttocks had heated his hands, and he squeezed the soft flesh, knowing he would reignite the sting of the spanking.  Cordelia gasped and moaned, her hips moving as if his tongue was his cock, thrusting into her.  The intermixing of pain and pleasure was something her body craved to receive as much as he delighted in giving it to her.
Squeezing those tender cheeks again, he sucked her little pleasure bud between his lips, suckling it as she screamed out his name.  Tremors of pleasure shook her, rocked her.  Her fingers tugged at his hair rhythmically, her cries reaching a sobbing climax as the ecstasy buffeted her about.  Philip drank in the sight of her flushed cheeks, her peaked nipples, those dazed, dark eyes, and her silken strands of hair spread across his pillows.
Holding on to the last tendrils of his self-control, he released her swollen clitty and began to kiss his way up her body.  She shivered beneath him as his mouth and hands began to slide up her stomach, to her breasts.  Suckling a puffy, pink nipple had her mewling, her eyes half-lidded in lazy pleasure.  The slow journey was torture for him, but it also allowed her the time to come down from her peak, only to begin to climb the heights again.  
The sensitive head of his cock scraped against her inner thigh, and he moaned around his mouthful of breast flesh.  Delicate fingers brushed against his shoulders and then his chest, as Cordelia began to do a bit of exploration of her own.  When her fingers found the flat discs of his nipples, Philip had reached the delicate flesh of her neck, and he sucked on it almost savagely as her fingers ran over the tiny, erect buds they'd found.  
"Oh my!"  Cordelia's body bowed beneath his, her breasts rising up to brush against his chest, as he left a vivid red mark on her throat.  
Her uninhibited response to being spanked had left him feel more primitive, more carnal than ever, and the firm grip he'd had on his self-control was rapidly slipping away.  When the head of his cock nudged against the sopping wet folds of her cunt, it deserted him completely.
Unable to hold back any longer, Philip thrust forward, spearing Cordelia on his cock.  Her nails dug into his chest as she writhed underneath him, legs parting further as feminine instinct urged her to submit to the ardent needs of the male poised above her.  Molten hot, smooth as silk, and so very welcoming, her body took him in.  He only needed two hard thrusts to fill her completely.  
Hands slid up his chest and wrapped around his neck, leaving her body completely open to him.
"Oh Cordelia..." He muttered, his lips against her ear, voice husky and raw with sensual need.
She said the only thing he wanted to hear at that exact moment.  "Please... more..."
It was permission and salvation all in one simple request.  
Moving powerfully atop her, Philip emptied and filled her, over and over again, burying himself in the warm, wet heat of her pussy.  He couldn't get enough of her, no matter that her taste filled his mouth, her scent filled his nose, and her body was wrapped around him.  He wanted to press further, deeper, to lodge himself in her so inexorably that she would never lose the feeling of him inside of her.
Beneath him, Cordelia was beginning to move, her hips rising to meet his thrusts as her sensitive organs flared back to life.  Philip could feel her pussy fluttering around him, the harbinger of an impending orgasm, as he restoked the fires of her passion.
As she made free with her hands on his body, he knew he wouldn't be able to last long enough to ensure her pleasure if she continued to do so.  Grabbing her wrists, he pinned them down beside her head.  Granted, subduing a woman in such an erotic manner had always inflamed his lusts, but it was better than letting her touch him indiscriminately.  He would never be able to hold back his climax if he'd let that continue.
To his amazement, and utter delight, Cordelia practically exploded when he pinned her down.  The realization of her helplessness beneath him was quickly followed by a shocking surge of ecstasy.  Her cunt clenched around him as she screamed out his name, her voice high and shocked.  Although her arms tried to move, to reach up to him again, his firm hold on her wrists kept her held in place as he fucked her harder, faster, riding her through her orgasm as it rolled through her again and again and again...
Cordelia was wild beneath him, as if being restrained had loosened yet another tie of propriety within her.  He could only bear it a few moments before he joined her in utter bliss, his balls tight and aching as he flooded her womb with his seed.  Spurt after spurt of throbbing ecstasy that emptied his balls, as well as his body.  
Exhausted, he collapsed on top of her.  He would have moved, for fear of crushing her, but her arms tightened about his neck, holding him in place as she quivered beneath him.  They were both panting for breath, but she didn't seem to want to release him, so Philip did his best to adjust his weight so it would at least be evenly distributed.  
Dropping small kisses along her forehead, he waited until she loosened her hold enough to prop himself up on his forearms.  Dazed, hazel eyes looked up at him, her lips swollen, cheeks flushed, and her expression that of a fully satisfied woman.  
"I think I could learn to like being spanked," she said softly, her cheeks turning a little pinker as she made the confession, her tone one of awe.
Philip couldn't help but chuckle.  "Well, this was a very nice spanking.  I hope you never give me reason to dole out a less pleasant one."
Making a happy, humming sound, Cordelia turned her head to rub it against his arm, very much like a contented, little kitten.  In the past, Philip had always made it a habit never to linger too long in a lady's bed once the deed was done.  With his wife, however, he found that he truly enjoyed basking in the happy afterglow of their lovemaking.  
With his own noises of contentment, much more growly than hers, he got down to the serious business of cuddling his wife.
Chapter 5
The return of Gabrielle to their daily lives was not as bad as Cordelia had originally feared.  Having a husband who supported her completely, and didn't allow her stepdaughter to run her down, uplifted her mood and confidence to heights she hadn't known in years.  Of course, it put Gabrielle in a terminally bad mood, but as she had little opportunity to vent her temper on Cordelia, she seemed to be finally learning a little self-control and discretion.
It made the short trip to London much more pleasant for everyone involved.  Especially as Philip rode in the carriage with them, rather than on his horse, as most gentlemen were wont to do.  Cordelia felt his protection quite keenly, and it made her heart melt even more.  Although Gabrielle hadn't brought up the topic of being spanked, she was on her best behavior whenever Philip was around.
Another thing Cordelia was keenly grateful for.  Now that Philip had spanked her, she liked the idea of Gabrielle being punished by him even less. It was such an intimate thing, and although he had explained the differences in the way she and Gabrielle would be disciplined, and she knew that the pleasurable spankings of their bed play were another thing entirely, she still didn't like the idea of sharing her husband in that manner.  Especially because Gabrielle would still occasionally try to garner his attention.  She'd learned not to flirt with him, as he'd given her some very firm set downs during her initial attempts, but she was very accomplished at drawing focus to herself and therefore away from Cordelia.
Although she was used to Gabrielle having the center stage, and she was even used to envying her, that didn't come close to the acute jealousy she felt whenever Gabrielle succeeded with Philip.  
Her emotions were already more engaged with her husband than she'd anticipated.
But how could they not be?  He was so charming and generous with her, so intent on her pleasure when they were intimate, and so ready to be intimate with her as often as possible... not to mention protective and affectionate, he had already wormed his way into her heart without her even realizing it.  During the day, he was so attentive, except the few times Gabrielle succeeded in drawing his focus, and at nights he taught her about lovemaking and passion and pleasure, before wrapping her in his arms to sleep. 
The first few days in London were spent becoming acquainted with the household, calling upon Marjorie, Eleanor, and Irene, and a daily promenade in Hyde Park, which Philip escorted them on.  While Gabrielle attended all of these outings with Cordelia, she was mostly subdued except for a few comments muttered under her breath now and then.  Since she kept them quiet, rather than loudly proclaiming her derogatory opinions, Cordelia opted not to notice them for now.  All in all, her stepdaughter was so much better behaved that Cordelia felt a little leniency was permissible as Gabrielle became used to the new standard. 
Later, she reflected that Gabrielle's behavior was perhaps the calm before the storm.  It wasn't until they went shopping that the real trouble began.
While Cordelia had been outfitted with a trousseau for her wedding and Gabrielle had quite a few gowns that were perfectly acceptable for at-homes and teas, they were both in need of ball gowns and additions to their current wardrobe now that they were in London.  Eleanor had recommended a modiste on Bruton Street, Madame Liriene, as being the most suited to Cordelia and Gabrielle's needs.  They would, of course, also need gloves, stockings, more hats, and a whole host of other accessories once they'd ordered their dresses.
Gabrielle's snide remarks made a reappearance as Madame Liriene and Cordelia looked over the fashion plates and Cordelia attempted to choose the designs for her ball gowns.  Although she did her best not to let Gabrielle fluster her, she found herself second-guessing her choices, despite Madame's assurances that she would look splendid.  When it was Gabrielle's turn, she chose the most expensive styles, with flounces, ribbons and beading on every one.
Drawing her aside, thankful that another customer had come into the shop and distracted Liriene for a moment, Cordelia tried to impress upon Gabrielle the need for moderation.
"Oh piffle," Gabrielle said, with an elegant sneer.  She looked disdainfully at Cordelia.  "Dunbury gave us plenty to spend, and if we exceed that a bit, it doesn't matter.  Unless, of course, you're worried that he doesn't care about you as much as you think."  The mocking expression on her face said Gabrielle certainly didn't believe Philip truly cared.
"It is disrespectful to outpace his generosity," Cordelia explained gently, telling herself to ignore Gabrielle's words. 
"Father never cared if I overspent my limit." Gabrielle said haughtily.  She smirked at Cordelia, well aware that Cordelia had never even made the attempt to reach her own limit, which had been smaller than Gabrielle's.  "Then again, Father loved me."
Her obvious insinuation being that, if Philip loved Cordelia, then he wouldn't care about the expense.  Admittedly, Cordelia was worried Philip's feelings would not extend to indifference over her bills, but she also didn't want to brush aside his directive on the matter.  The generous allowance he'd given her for her and Gabrielle's wardrobes was not something she took for granted, especially after the stinginess of her late husband.  Unfortunately, Gabrielle did not have the same feelings.
Seeing Madame returning to them, Gabrielle brushed Cordelia aside and made a beeline for the modiste.  
Having lost control of the situation, when they placed the final order, Cordelia dropped two of the dresses and a new riding habit she was going to purchase from the list.  She had to, otherwise they would have no funds for the other fripperies they needed.
It was with a slightly heavy heart that she led Gabrielle to the milliner's shop nearby, which Marjorie had recommended.  She could make do with her current habits, but she'd truly wanted both dresses, one a frothy peach confection and the other a stunning emerald silk... perhaps next month she would have sufficient funds to return.  Philip had indicated that during the Season he'd open his pockets on a more regular basis, so they could clothe themselves as necessary.  With all of the balls and soirees, they would need a much larger wardrobe in London than they would for the rest of the year.  
Feeling a bit uplifted, Cordelia didn't try to argue with Gabrielle as the young woman purchased, naturally the two most expensive bonnets in the shop.  For herself, Cordelia only bought a new hat that would look well with her bronze riding habit.  At least she would have something new to wear when Philip took them out to the park, even if it wasn't a new habit.
Fans, gloves, ribbons, reticules... their groom was kept quite busy ferrying their packages from the shops to the carriage.  It was exhausting; more than usual, because Cordelia had never been responsible for Gabrielle's purchases before.  The Baron had given them separate funds, and if Gabrielle went over her limit, the Baron always paid it without a quibble.  Guilt money, or, at least, money to make up for the fact that he paid no attention to his daughter otherwise and gave her none of his time.
Now, Cordelia had been given charge of one sum, which was to provide for both her and Gabrielle.  Being quite good at accounts, she had no trouble adding up each additional purchase in her head, as she had decided on a budget for each shop before coming out.  Of course, Gabrielle was pushing those budgets to the limit, but Cordelia had managed to keep them from going over the limit Philip had given her - mostly by setting aside some of the items she desired.  She didn't notice Bonnie, the maid that had accompanied them, was keeping a sharp eye on things as well, having been given very specific orders by his lordship before the ladies left for their shopping trip that morning.
At the end of the day, Gabrielle was perfectly satisfied and a bit smug, knowing she had gotten everything she desired while Cordelia had had to do without in every single store, in order to keep from overspending.  Strangely, Cordelia didn't begrudge her stepdaughter the expensive fans and such; of course she wished she could have more new things, but she could make do until another opportunity arose.  Besides, Gabrielle was the debutante, so she needed to make a better showing than Cordelia.
That's what Cordelia told herself.
It wasn't until the footmen were unloading the carriage that she noticed a third package from Fotherby's, their last stop of the day.  
"Wait, Henry, that's not ours," she said, frowning.  The footman came to an immediate halt, looking down in consternation at the burden in his hands.  They'd left the store with two packages; a smaller one with two pairs of gloves, a fan and some lace for her, and a larger package with several different gloves, three fans, lace and ribbons for Gabrielle.  The size of the third package was somewhere in between the two.
Gabrielle, who had started to ascend the stairs, turned around.  "It's mine," she said, waving her hand dismissively.  "I picked out a few more items while you were speaking with Lady Featherstone."
For a moment, Cordelia stood there frozen.  How had Gabrielle managed such a thing?!  She'd only spoken with the lady for a few minutes.  They'd met at Eleanor's at-home and immediately taken to each other; Lady Featherstone had invited Cordelia and Gabrielle to a luncheon on the morrow when they'd run into her at the store today.  Cordelia had noticed when Gabrielle stepped away, but she hadn't expected her stepdaughter to be so brazen as to add to their purchases behind her back!
"You'll have to take them back," she said immediately, her mind going a mile a minute as she tried to guess how much Gabrielle's additions had put them over the limit Philip had given her.
"What?!  I will not!  Henry, take it upstairs!"  Gabrielle put her hands on her hips, glaring at Cordelia from the first stair.  The footman looked back and forth between the two ladies, obviously not wanting to encourage Gabrielle's ire, but also not wanting to discommode her ladyship.
"No, no," Cordelia shook her head.  She knew her voice wasn't as firm as it perhaps should be, but she was so used to placating Gabrielle, not standing against her.  "Gabrielle, you knew we were at our limit, what else could you have possibly needed?"
"Some lace caught my eye while I was waiting for you," Gabrielle said coolly, crossing her arms under her bosom, for all the world as if she was the lady of the house and Cordelia was in the wrong.  The staff present all stood frozen, unsure of what to do, as interfering was not their place.  Not one of them moved, not wanting to draw attention to themselves.  "And two beaded reticules that will go perfectly with the lilac gown and the pink gown that we purchased from Madame Liriene's.  If you're so concerned, you take something back."
"We already bought you a cream reticule that will go nicely with both of those dresses," Cordelia argued, the words out of her mouth before she could bite them back.  She absolutely did not want a scene in the foyer, in front of the staff, but it had already begun.  Neither she nor Gabrielle noticed that Bonnie, the maid that had accompanied them on their trip, had slipped away.
"I wanted matching ones," Gabrielle said, sniffing haughtily.  "I daresay you would be perfectly satisfied with just the cream."  Her tone made it another insult, as if to say Cordelia would be satisfied with a reticule that didn't match perfectly, because Cordelia had no fashion sense.  It was the kind of comment she'd been making all day, and it stung now more than ever, because of course Cordelia had wanted some of those things.  She just hadn't bought them because of the large pile of purchases Gabrielle had insisted on for herself.
"Henry, put the package by the door for now," Cordelia said, bringing her fingers to her head.  She felt an oncoming headache, anticipating the conversation that was to come and the utter uselessness of it.  "Gabrielle, I need to speak with you in the parlor, please."
Rolling her eyes, Gabrielle flounced down the step she was standing on.  "If you insist."
"Actually, Gabrielle, I would like you to go up to your room until I send a maid for you."  The staff all relaxed as the Master's deep voice filled the foyer.  Philip appeared in entrance to the hallway, Bonnie just a step behind him.  "Cordelia, sweetheart, if you would come with me, I'd like to speak with you."
Gabrielle opened her mouth, as if to protest, but one hard look from Philip and she turned and walked up the stairs.  Stomped up the stairs, really, as much as she could in her frothy skirts.
Although Philip's expression was blank, something about it made Cordelia quake inside as she went to him.  He offered up his arm, which she took, and he led her from the foyer towards his study.
******
Even though Philip was not exactly surprised by the day's events - not the quick report Bonnie had given him nor the scene in the foyer - he wasn't best pleased either.  While Cordelia's confidence had grown over the past few days, she still deferred to Gabrielle regularly.  He knew Gabrielle's improved behavior was in large part due to his presence, but he wanted that respect to cover his wife as well.  It was obvious from how Gabrielle spoke to Cordelia in the foyer that, so far, not much had changed there, even if Bonnie's observations hadn't already confirmed that. 
Closing the door to the study behind them, Philip led Cordelia to one of the chairs in front of his desk before sitting in the other.  The seat behind his desk remained empty; after all, he had no desire to intimidate Cordelia more than she already was.  There had been a fine tremor in the hand she'd placed on his arm.  As submissive as she was, he knew she was already berating herself for disappointing him, even if she didn't completely understand why he would feel that way.
The first words out of her mouth confirmed his supposition.
"I'm so sorry, my lord," she said earnestly, her hazel eyes looking watery.  "I'll return something to the shops, we won't go over our limit again."
Philip sighed, reaching out and taking Cordelia's hand in his.  She was certainly going to be disciplined today, to drive home the lesson that he wanted to teach her, but she needed to be coddled and reassured as well.  Her hand felt a bit chilled in his and he rubbed his thumb across her skin as if to warm it.
"Cordelia, sweetheart, look at me," he said, when her glance fell to her lap as if she was ashamed.  "Am I to understand that you and Gabrielle exceeded the limit I set for you?"  He asked the question, even though he knew the answer, because he wanted the admission to come from Cordelia herself.
"Yes, but I can fix it before Fotherby's sends the bill," Cordelia said in a rush, eyeing him almost fearfully.  Tamping down his temper, so as not to cause her any further anxiety, he silently cursed the Baron, who must have been the one to cause the wariness in her eyes.  He doubted that whatever was in the one additional package would bankrupt him, but Cordelia was acting as if some major outrage had been committed.
"There is no need," he said firmly.  "It will be deducted from Gabrielle's limit on your next trip, and next time you and Gabrielle will each have your own budget.  I will expect you to keep control over her spending so that she does not exceed it again."
The relief that rushed to her expression, followed by a touch of awe as she looked at him, made him want to punch something.  Damnation, she shouldn't be so amazed at such a simple thing.  She had the look of a puppy that had been kicked one too many times and now couldn't believe that it was being petted instead. 
"Eventually, I would hope that such a division would not be necessary," he said, continuing to stroke her hand with his thumb, hoping to take some of the sting out of his words.  This was all part of what she needed in order to become the woman he knew she could be; both the lecture and the support.  "Bonnie informed me that you went without quite a few times today, in order to indulge Gabrielle."
"Oh, but with her coming out-"
"Your appearance as my Marchioness is just as important as Gabrielle's as a debutante," he continued, cutting her off.  "Gabrielle has been spoiled enough, and she must learn some circumspection in her purchases.  I'm going to have a maid retrieve her here, at which point I will inform her that such profligate spending will no longer be tolerated, nor will scenes in the foyer or disrespect in her attitude towards you, and then, to make sure the lesson sinks home, I will spank her.  During that time you will sit in my chair and stay as witness to her punishment and to establish your agreement with my rules.  After her spanking, I will have the maid return Gabrielle to her room, where she will be confined until tomorrow, at which point, you will receive your spanking."
"My spanking?"  Cordelia's eyes, which had grown wider and wider as he'd spoken, now looked as big as saucers.  It was obvious that she understood this spanking would not be the enjoyable bedroom play she'd experienced thus far.
"Your spanking.  I am displeased you would allow your own consequence to be usurped by your stepdaughter, and that you would limit your own purchases for her unnecessary extravagance."  Cordelia's mouth made a little round ‘o,’ in surprise.  Standing, Philip rang for the maid and sent her to get Gabrielle, before helping Cordelia up from her seat so she could take her place in the chair behind his desk.
The placement was quite deliberate on his part, as he stood next to the chair, making it clear they were a united front, when Gabrielle entered the room.
******
Disciplined for not putting herself first?  Cordelia could scarcely believe it.  It was as if her entire world had turned upon its head with her marriage to Philip.  Which wasn't a bad thing, but it left her feeling both adrift and more secure than ever.  She wasn't accustomed to putting herself first, it hadn't even occurred to her that he might be upset over Gabrielle's superior purchases - in both quality and quantity.  The idea that he was going to discipline her for putting Gabrielle first... it made her head spin.
The confusion inside of her contributed to a very blank expression when the maid returned with Gabrielle.  
Haughty as ever, although, because Cordelia knew her so well, she could see the anxiousness in Gabrielle's stance, the young woman lifted her chin high as she sailed through the door into the study.  She faltered only for a moment when she saw Cordelia seated in a position of power, with Philip at her side.
"Thank you, Molly," Philip said gravely.  "Please wait out in the hall for Lady Gabrielle.  I'll call you back in when she's ready to return to her room."
Bobbing a curtsy, Molly took herself back outside, closing the door behind her.  Cordelia wondered if Gabrielle also heard the strange finality of the sound.  The very air in the room seemed to change, a strange tension filling it, as if everything was about to change.  Cordelia was not looking forward to seeing Philip spank Gabrielle, but some part of her felt relieved that, finally, someone was going to stand with her against her stepdaughter.  Gabrielle wasn't a bad person, not deep down, even if she treated Cordelia terribly on occasion; Cordelia was sure that Gabrielle could be molded into a lovely young woman, but she'd never had the tools, confidence, or support to do the molding.
Now, it was obvious that Philip was going to help provide her with all three, even if his methods were harsher - and also more intimate - than Cordelia might have wished.
"Sit down, Gabrielle," Philip said, nodding to the chairs in front of the desk.  
Keeping her chin high, Gabrielle came forward in a stately manner, but Cordelia could see the younger woman's hands clutching her skirts.  Her green eyes were flashing with temper, but also with a touch of fear.  After all, Cordelia had warned her of the consequences, even if she was mostly unbelieving that her new stepfather would actually follow through on the threat.
"What do you have to say for yourself, about your behavior today?" he asked.
Recognizing she was being given a chance to defend herself, Gabrielle straightened even more in her seat, folding her hands in her lap over her cerulean skirt.  Her eyes widened, making her look extremely innocent and a little bit younger, a tactic that had often served her well with her father, as she tilted her head to the side.
"I know I shouldn't have spoken to Cordelia so, in front of the servants," Gabrielle said, her tone falsely apologetic.  "I was just so upset by her public accusations... I didn't mean to go behind her back at Fotherby's, I thought she realized that I had added to our purchases.  If I'd known she wasn't paying proper attention to me, of course I would have informed her straightaway."
Cordelia tensed as Gabrielle turned the blame, something her stepdaughter was quite skilled at.  The worst part was, her words had a touch of truth to them.  If Cordelia had been entirely focused on Gabrielle, instead of speaking with an acquaintance, the situation would have never arisen.
"You're saying Cordelia didn't inform you that the limit of your funds had been reached?" Philip asked, his voice amiable.
To her credit, Gabrielle never told outright lies.  She just turned the truth.  So when Philip asked such a direct question, unexpectedly, she hesitated to answer as her brain groped for the most glib explanation.
"Well, I just thought she'd put aside some of her items," Gabrielle said, fluttering her eyelashes at Philip.  Which made Cordelia tense all over again, even though she didn't think Philip was fool enough to fall for such an obvious ploy.  She'd been wrong in the past, about other men.  "After all, with my debut imminent, there are certain necessities to success.  I know Cordelia agrees with me that I must appear to my best advantage.  She was so generous today with providing me everything I needed, I didn't expect her to quibble over such a small matter.  After all, even if we did exceed our allowance, it wasn't by very much."
From turning on Cordelia to attempting to turn things on Philip, making it seem like he was unreasonable if he were to chastise her over such a small amount.  Cordelia looked up at her new husband, wanting to see how he was taking Gabrielle's explanations, but his face was stony and gave nothing away.
His response, however, was quite clear.
"From now on, you and Lady Dunbury will have separate allowances," his slight emphasis on her title made it clear that he didn't approve of Gabrielle's use of her name.  Truthfully, Cordelia had never minded that, after all, the two of them were fairly close in age, and she'd never expected Gabrielle to see her as an actual mother figure.  "Your extra purchases today will be deducted from that allowance, and if you continue to exceed your limit, eventually you will reach a month when you have no allowance at all.  You will also be disciplined every time you exceed your limit, to teach you some constraint.  Please stand and bend over the arm of your chair, lift your skirts and present yourself for your punishment."
"What?!"  All the color had drained from Gabrielle's face as Philip had spoken, until it flushed again at his final order.
Gripping the armrests of the chair she was sitting in, Cordelia told herself that she wasn't going to interfere.  Although, she wasn't sure if it was for Gabrielle's sake or her own that she desired to.
Philip's gaze on Gabrielle was implacable.  "Position yourself for a spanking.  I'm aware that your stepmother informed you of the disciplinary consequences that I intend to uphold in this household.  Today you were disobedient of your stepmother, both selfish and extravagant in your purchases, and disrespectful upon your return home.  So you will be spanked, and hopefully there will not be a repeat of today."
Practically sputtering, for the first time in her life, Gabrielle looked to her stepmother for support.  Cordelia held herself still, feeling as if she was made of stone.  As much as she didn't want Philip to spank Gabrielle - and yes, she was willing to admit it was purely out of jealousy - part of her was also thrilled that Philip was holding Gabrielle accountable.  At least she was here to witness the punishment; her imagination would have run quite wild if Philip were to discipline Gabrielle alone.
"Cordelia!  You can't let him - you shouldn't - I..."  Gabrielle's voice trailed off as Cordelia's jaw locked into place, and she realized that her stepmother wasn't going to stop any of this.  Furious, frightened eyes turned back on Philip.  "I'm not a child!"
"Then you should not have acted as one.  Your spanking is currently at a count of twenty.  If you do not get up and put yourself in position, I shall begin adding five swats for each minute that you delay."  The ruthless authority in Philip's voice made it clear that this was no idle threat.  Tears began to spill from Gabrielle's big, green eyes, real tears that had her cheeks and nose turning red, as she looked between her two guardians and seemed to realize that no relief would be forthcoming.
As she stood, on shaking legs, Cordelia saw Gabrielle glance towards the door.  The escape route was dismissed after a moment.  After all, despite her closer distance to the door, Philip would still be much faster.  Not to mention, if Gabrielle somehow did manage to escape the room, and then the house, where would she go?  Any friends were more than a day's journey away, near the Baron's estate, and the new Baron certainly wouldn't welcome her.  
Still, Cordelia was a bit surprised when Gabrielle moved around to the side of the chair, staring down at it as if it might leap up and bite her, but without another protest.  Unfortunately, leaning over for her spanking seemed to be beyond her.
"Twenty-five."  
With a squeak, Gabrielle practically threw herself forward, her stomach landing on the armrest, pushing her bottom into the air.
"I hate you," she spat, a sob in her voice as she reached back to lift up her skirts.  "I hate you both."
Her drawers were a pretty pale blue, and trimmed with lace.  Cordelia was relieved to see that Philip seemed utterly unmoved by the sight of Gabrielle with her skirts around her hips, and her bottom turned up, covered by the thin fabric.  Opening one of the drawers on his desk, he pulled out a black leather paddle, about six inches wide and a foot long, with a handle that added an extra half foot of length.  
Striding around the desk, he positioned himself so he was facing Cordelia.  She would be able to watch his expression as he disciplined Gabrielle, she realized, and her stomach churned, unsure of whether that was a positive or a negative.
******
Deliberately placing himself so that he could watch Cordelia's reactions, and she could see his, Philip looked down at the recalcitrant young woman who was already crying into the seat of the armchair she was bent over.  Gabrielle had actually surprised him with how quickly she'd ended up following his orders; he'd expected a much more hotly contested battle of wills.  After all, from all he'd observed, she was extremely willful.  But she'd crumbled quickly under authority. 
It occurred to him that, despite her awful behavior, there might be a submissive streak running through Gabrielle.  
"Do not attempt to cover yourself," he said firmly.  "I do not wish to injure your hands by accident.  If you reach back to cover yourself, I'll tie your hands in place to ensure that you hold your position.  You will be given twenty swats for your disobedience, selfishness, and disrespect and then another five for dawdling.  Do you understand?"
"Yes!  I hate you!"
SMACK!
Philip brought the paddle down hard.  He'd chosen the leather paddle specifically for its dimensions as well as its sting.  It had a bit of give, more than a wooden paddle would, but still made quite an impression, and its length was great enough to cross both cheeks with one blow.  He’d commissioned several implements in the weeks before his marriage, a fact for which he was now grateful as it had given him a broad choice for disciplining.  Gabrielle shrieked loudly, her hands instinctively starting to reach back towards her bottom before she abruptly stopped herself.
"That was not included in either count," he said calmly.  "You and you alone earned this punishment, and I will not tolerate any disrespect, insults or invocations while you're being disciplined.  Do you understand?"
Gabrielle nodded her head, burying her face in her hands.  
"Very well.  We'll begin.  My lady," he said, looking up at Cordelia, "if you would please count the strokes."
Although his wife was looking a bit pale, she nodded.  Her hazel eyes were incredibly wide as she looked back and forth from Gabrielle to him.  With some amusement, Philip noted that she kept glancing at the front of his breeches.  Despite Gabrielle's beauty, there was no danger of him becoming aroused while punishing her.  Mouthy brats did not appeal to him, and he took no joy in disciplining her for being one; not to mention, he found her personality and the way she treated Cordelia to be singularly unattractive.  Spanking her did not change that.
SMACK!
Gabrielle cried out.
"One."  Cordelia's voice came out as a mere whisper.  Giving her a look, Philip waited.  She cleared her throat, so she could speak more firmly.  "One."
He nodded in approval.  Throughout her punishment, he wanted Gabrielle to hear Cordelia's firm voice.  There would be no doubt of Cordelia's position in the household.
SMACK!
Another pathetic cry.
"Two."
Unlike with the pleasurable spankings he'd given Cordelia, Philip didn't pause much in between strokes.  Only enough to let Gabrielle cry out and then get her breath back.  By seven she was crying pitifully.  By twelve she was sobbing.  At fifteen she tried to cover her bottom and Philip quickly snapped out that, if she didn't remove her hands, he'd tie them down and they'd start the count over.  She'd sobbed and then brought her hands back up her body, putting her arms beneath her chest as holding them there. 
SMACK!
"Sixteen."
The chair was heavy enough that she could kick and squirm without doing more than wiggle it a bit.  Across the desk, Cordelia's eyes were still huge in her pale face, but her expression was constantly changing.  She looked reassured, anxious, relieved, frightened, and a little bit awed.
******
Goodness... was this what her spanking was going to be like?  Cordelia couldn't decide if she was glad that she got to wait until after Gabrielle's, or if she wished that she could have gone first and gotten hers over with.  Then again, she supposed she wouldn't have looked very confident if she'd been sitting in Philip's chair with a hot bottom and a tear-stained face.
Gabrielle had started out the spanking looking directly across the desk at Cordelia, glaring balefully as if she blamed her stepmother for not stepping in.  Now, with her arms tucked under her chest, Gabrielle's face was pressed against the seat of the chair, all of her focus on herself rather than on what Cordelia was doing.  The sound of the leather slapping against Gabrielle's bottom was quite awful, interspersed with her sobs and Cordelia's count.  At the same time, Cordelia couldn't help but be a bit fascinated by it.  
Mostly as she pictured herself in the same position.  Although, of course, Philip had told her that she'd be across his lap.  But still, this was a much harsher spanking than any he'd given her.  There was no warm-up, no time in between smacks, and no soothing caresses.
SMACK!
Another inarticulate cry from Gabrielle had Cordelia wincing in sympathy.  "Twenty."
"Stop!  Please, please, stop, I’m sorry!  I'll be good, I promise, I'll-"
SMACK!
"Twe-twenty one," Cordelia stammered out, looking up at Philip, a bit aghast.  That had been a perfectly sincere apology out of Gabrielle's mouth, and she was a bit shocked Philip was ignoring it.  Maybe a little horrified too.
Seeing her look, Philip paused for just a moment.  "We appreciate the apology, Gabrielle, but that does not mitigate your punishment.  What kind of example would I be setting if I did not follow through with my word?"
SMACK!
"Twenty two."  
The explanation had definitely been more for her than Gabrielle, and it made sense.  Cordelia couldn't argue with that.  Still, she felt incredibly guilty listening to Gabrielle's continued pleas as the last three swats were landed on her backside.  Despite the blue hue of Gabrielle's drawers, the fabric was thin enough to see that her bottom was a very bright red beneath it.  Philip had laid out the stroke from the topmost crest of her buttocks down to where they met the tops of her thighs.
After the twenty-fifth swat, Gabrielle seemed to collapse against the chair, sobbing piteously.  Philip made a gesture at Cordelia, who immediately jumped up and hurried around the desk to help Gabrielle up.  She put her arms around the younger woman, expecting to be pushed away, but Gabrielle clung to her, still weeping.
"You did very well, Gabrielle," Philip said, a hint of commendation in his voice.  He patted Gabrielle on the shoulder before laying the paddle down on his desk.  "I'm very impressed at how well you took your first spanking."
Somehow, it was exactly the right thing to say.  Cordelia could actually feel Gabrielle's tears easing.  Rubbing Gabrielle's back, she murmured some soothing, comforting, utterly meaningless words as the younger woman gathered herself.  
Eventually, as her tears came to a halt, Gabrielle pulled away, but not as abruptly as she might have.  Her skirts rumpled, hair askew, face swollen, and her eyes red, she was the very image of a thoroughly chastised young lady.
"Do you have anything you'd like to say to Lady Dunbury?" Philip asked, his voice prodding.
"Please, I'd prefer it if she call me Cordelia," Cordelia said, looking up at Philip earnestly.  "I've always thought of Gabrielle as more of a younger sister than anything else, and I would like that to continue."  A fractious, sharp-tongued sister, but it was true.
To her surprise and relief, Philip nodded.  "Very well."
She could tell by his expression he didn't entirely approve, and yet he let her have her preference anyway.  Gabrielle looked even more surprised and a little disbelieving, as well as confused.  Licking her lips, Gabrielle's emerald gaze flicked between the two of them before landing back on Cordelia. 
"I'm sorry for my behavior today," she said softly.  "It won't happen again."
Although she seemed quite sincere, Cordelia didn't let her hopes grow too high.  After all, while Gabrielle seemed quite contrite and respectful at the moment, they had years of patterns of behavior behind them.  Cordelia imagined it was all too easy to be sorry after receiving such a spanking, but she also knew Gabrielle was very good at pushing the letter of the law to its very limits.  While there would not be a repeat of today's disobedience, she doubted Gabrielle's spirits would remain battered for long, and when they rose again, they would rise with a vengeance.
But at least now Cordelia could rely on Philip for support.  That much was clear as glass.
As Gabrielle swayed slightly on her feet, Philip went to the door to call Molly back into the room.  Instructing the maid to take Gabrielle back to her chambers and provide her with supper on a tray in an hour, he then turned to the ladies, still standing by the chair.  Gabrielle looked a bit dazed, but she didn't protest his commands; Cordelia gave the girl a gentle nudge in the direction of the door, which got her legs working again.
Once Molly and Gabrielle had exited the room, Philip closed the door behind them and turned his attention back to his wife.  "Now, my dear, it is your turn."
Chapter 6
His wife's cheeks flushed and paled as she stared back at him, lips slightly parted, eyes still as big as saucers.  It was a look he was growing accustomed to this afternoon.
Overall, he was quite pleased with Gabrielle's punishment.  Not only had she taken it quite well, Cordelia's involvement should have impressed upon her that with this marriage there was a new hierarchy and she needed to abide by it.  In the future, once Cordelia had gained some confidence, and Gabrielle had adjusted, he would expect his wife to take over guiding the chit, but for now he knew it was up to him.  
In the meantime, he hoped Cordelia would prefer standing her ground with Gabrielle over being punished.  He planned to give her the exact same amount as Gabrielle had received, although with his hand, not the paddle. 
Striding over to her, he took her hand and led her behind his desk, where he sat down in the chair that she had recently vacated and pulled her across his lap.  Despite the fact she'd lain in this very position more than once now, she was trembling.  He was glad she understood this spanking would be different from the playful, pleasurable ones they'd indulged in since the day after their wedding.
Drawing her skirts up and her drawers down, Philip ran his hand over her bottom.  Unlike with Gabrielle, his cock was already rousing now that he had Cordelia in position for her punishment.  Whether it was for pleasure or discipline, he doubted his cock would ever fail to respond to turning Cordelia's bottom red.
"Do you understand why you're being punished, sweetheart?" he asked.  His voice was tender, but he wasn't going to administer a mild spanking, no matter how much emotion was welling inside of him.  In fact, that emotion was just going to make him more severe, as he wanted Cordelia to fulfill her true potential, as a woman, a wife, and a stepmother.
"Yes, Philip," she said, squirming slightly as he squeezed her creamy buttock in preparation.  His cock pressed against her soft stomach as she moved, making him bite back a groan.  "I should not have allowed Gabrielle to overrule me throughout the day.  I should have held my ground and exerted my authority."   Even though I've never had that authority before. There was something about the way she ended the sentence that made the words hang in the air.  He was glad she didn't actually say them aloud, however, as he didn't want to outright dismiss her justification.  He knew she'd never done anything but bow to Gabrielle's wishes before, and she would not have been allowed to do anything else by her late husband.  However, it was high time for a change.
"Good girl," he said approvingly.  "You will also receive a count of twenty, but it will be twenty on each cheek."  After all, his hand was much less severe than the paddle, and, unlike the paddle, his palm couldn’t cover both her cheeks at once.
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
He landed four sharp, stinging blows to Cordelia's buttocks - two on each side - before she managed to draw enough breath to let out a gasp.  These were much harsher blows than he'd ever dealt out before, turning her alabaster skin an immediate pink under his hand.  
"Ow!  Please!"
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
******
Cordelia cried out as the hard swats landed on her already heated bottom.  She'd had some vague thought that she would be able to deal with a punishment spanking better than Gabrielle had, because, of course, she'd become accustomed to being spanked by Philip.  But this was nothing like those spankings.  The hard blows had come immediately, falling swift and severe against her upturned bottom.  There was no mistaking the growing erection that was digging into her side, indicating that he found this spanking just as enjoyable as the others, but it was not so for her.  
The quick pace of the swats left her breathless, especially as her instinct was to cry out for mercy at the hard blows.  Surely the leather paddle couldn't be any more rigid than his hands!  And she would have to endure twenty blows to each of her poor bottom cheeks?
Yet, at the same time as her legs kicked, and her tears dripped, and she cried out inarticulately, she'd never felt more cared about.  Philip was punishing her for not holding herself in as high esteem as he obviously did, for not attending to her own needs better, and for putting her desires aside for a grasping, unappreciative recipient.  As much as she already never wanted to have him spank her for punishment again, her heart swelled with happiness.  How many men would care this much about her own sense of self-worth?  Certainly her first husband never had.
So even as she cried, even as her stinging bottom began to throb, the unimaginable heat searing her buttocks as his palm spanked her from hips to thighs, she felt incredibly lighthearted, almost joyful.
But goodness did it hurt too.
As Philip had not required her to keep count, she'd quickly lost her place not long after ten.  His hand was so hard, and it hurt so much, and the swats were coming so quickly, her mind just couldn't keep up.  So she sobbed and squirmed, and prayed for it to be over soon.
When it finally was, she almost couldn't believe it.
She was even more shocked when his hand slipped down between her legs and his fingers pressed against wetness.  Despite how much it hurt, despite the fact that her cheeks felt swollen and throbbing, her body had responded as if it was a more playful spanking.
Above her, Philip groaned, thrusting his fingers into her womanhood and making her gasp with shock as she tightened around him.  The sudden arousal and pleasure did nothing to disperse the pain from the spanking, but somehow it mixed with it instead.  The sensations were intense, but no longer quite as unpleasant.
"Bloody hell… Cordelia, could you be more perfect?"
The question was rhetorical, thankfully, as she had no idea how to answer.  What did he find so perfect?  He'd just spanked her after all.  Although, as his fingers probed and stroked, one of them brushing over the exquisitely sensitive pleasure nubbin at the apex of her folds, it occurred to Cordelia that he was pleased with her body's response.  Which she'd had absolutely nothing to do with.  It was a bit embarrassing, really, that she should respond in such a manner to being disciplined.  But as heat and need flashed through her under his ministrations, her embarrassment started to matter less and less. 
******
Philip had never felt so lucky before in his life as when he'd moved his hand from his wife's hot, little cheeks down to her pussy and found that she'd been creaming during her punishment.  Such a response would not mitigate the effects of the spanking - he'd wager she'd be sitting quite uncomfortably this evening, and possible tomorrow morning as well - but it was certainly a splendid side benefit.  Despite her punishment, her body responded to the spanking as if it was a pleasurable one.  Either he'd done a better job than he'd realized in teaching her to enjoy the combination of the two, or his sweet, little bride had already been a bit of a masochist. 
His cock felt like it was going to explode as he slid his fingers into her wet hole, making her moan.  Squeezing her hot buttocks with his other hand, he enjoyed her little yelp of pain, as it was accompanied by the clenching of her inner muscles around his finger.  He would swear it made her even wetter.
Definitely a little bit of a masochist.
Cordelia was a treasure beyond reckoning.  While part of the reason he'd chosen her for his bride had been her submissive tendencies, as well as her need for a protector and his penchant for playing the white knight, this was an unforeseen blessing.  It was as if she'd been made for him, and it almost had him questioning whether there was such a thing as fate, as it seemed almost too amazing that they had been brought together without some manner of higher power guiding them.  After all, he'd assumed Cordelia had accepted his proposal because she'd been attracted to him and had jumped at the first palatable option.  That they should be so suited to each other, in this manner, seemed incredible.
He was one damned lucky bastard.
Sliding his fingers from her grasping body, Philip pulled her up off of his lap and bent her over the desk in front of them.  The center of it was clear, thankfully, because right now he would have had no compunction about sweeping any papers off of it.  Or just bending his wife over atop them.  
The hot red of Cordelia's heart-shaped bottom quivered as she squirmed, trying to push herself up from the desk.  His hand on her lower back held her firmly in place, and he nearly groaned at the sight of her puffy, honey-coated quim as her buttocks flexed above it.  "Philip?  What are you doing?"
"Hold still, sweetheart," he said, his voice husky with desire.  "Your punishment is over.  Now you're going to make amends."
Holding her skirts pinned at her waist with one hand, which also held her in place, it was the work of a few moments to release his aching cock from his trousers.  He was so aroused that the fat head was nearly the same bright red color as Cordelia's burnished cheeks, and he wasted no time in positioning himself at the entrance to her body.  Groaning as he thrust in, his cock pushed deep with one hard shove, impaling her on nearly his entire length thanks to the copious lubrication her body had provided.
Cordelia squealed and bucked, gasping, her bottom bouncing off of his stomach and making her squirm and gasp again.  
Grasping her hips with both hands, Philip drew back and then surged forward, burying himself completely inside of her as her tight hole spasmed and clenched around him.  It was glorious heaven, the wet sheath of her body massaging and squeezing his cock, the heat of her bottom pressing against his groin, and the sound of her erotically-pained, little whimpers filling his ears.  Her fingers were digging in to the desk, her head pressed against it to the side so he could see her half-lidded eyes and parted lips, her flushed cheeks.  When he drew his cock back and pushed back in, her eyelashes fluttered along with her pussy as she made one of those arousing mewling noises in the back of her throat.  The virgin star of her anus winked at him as her cheeks flexed, reminding him of all the debaucheries he had yet to teach her.
Groaning, Philip began to ride her in earnest, watching her chastised bottom jiggle as he fucked her good and hard from behind.  He already knew he wasn't going to last long; her body was clasping him too tightly, too wetly, and he was already too impassioned from spanking her to hold onto his control.  If he could just hold on long enough... he was sure that she would experience ecstasy with him.  If he could just hold on...
******
This shouldn't feel so good... it shouldn't, but it did.  Cordelia's body was on fire, from her head to the tips of her toes, although her bottom and her core were feeling it the most.  Philip was filling her, over and over again, his raw passion making her even more excited as she felt him moving over her.  There was something wonderfully erotic about being pressed beneath him, pinned between his thrusting body and the hard desk, her breasts pressed flat and her blistered bottom bouncing off of his body as he thrust.  She felt intensely feminine somehow, not weak exactly, but just wonderfully aware of how powerful he was, how easily he held her in place and how helpless and vulnerable she was.
It shouldn't arouse her so, but it did.
She'd been spanked, her bottom seared, and now her husband was taking her the way a stallion would mount a mare in the field, and Cordelia knew she was going to explode from the pleasure of it.  It was shameful, immodest, utterly indecent and decadently exciting.
Her channel pulsed around him, his every stroke hitting a spot deep inside of her that made her entire body shudder in delight.  Every slap of his body against her abused bottom made it sting, but it was always followed by a wave of pleasure as her insides convulsed.  The mix of pain and pleasure was more intense than ever, her cheeks feeling tight with dried tears from her spanking even as she gasped and moaned with rising ecstasy.
When his hands slid up her body, moving to her wrists and holding them down on either side of her head, leaving her completely helpless beneath him, Cordelia exploded.  She cried out his name as her body tightened, spiraling into a rapturous climax that was made all the more intense from the bite of pain as his groin rubbed against her scalded cheeks.
"Cordelia!"
Her name was a rasp, a shout, an echo in her ears as she was helplessly pinioned in place, writhing in ecstasy as Philip swelled inside of her.  Liquid heat filled her, every spurt forcing its way through her clenching muscles and into her body, the paramount culmination of their coupling.  She felt almost faint with the elation that filled her as her body shuddered and then slumped, leaving her limp and satiated on Philip's desk.
When Philip moved away from her, pulling her skirts back down over her bottom - which had begun to throb painfully again - she felt almost like she'd entered a dream state.  Everything was muzzy and soft, except for her buttocks, which were hot.  Especially when he bundled her onto his lap.  His arms around her were tender, but his thigh was hard and she squirmed, unable to get comfortable.
He chuckled, spreading his legs so that she had some space for her poor, blistered bottom to go where it wasn't pressed up against a hard surface.  "You're going to be sitting gingerly for a bit, sweetheart.  I hope it makes you think twice the next time Gabrielle tries to manipulate you."
A rush of warmth went through Cordelia's breast as she nuzzled her head into his shoulder.  In the exciting whirl of passion, she'd almost forgotten why she'd been spanked.  Because he not only wanted her to take her true position as his wife and lady of the house, but he expected her to.  Not that he wanted Gabrielle to go without - he'd been very generous with both of them - but he expected Cordelia to stop giving way to her demanding stepdaughter.  It might take some time to become used to this new world order, but Cordelia already felt lighter in her heart as she realized how much Philip's rules were going to change her life for the better.
As he caressed her, kissing her lightly from brow to lips, and stroked her hair, Cordelia smiled dreamily and reflected that it would be very, very easy to fall in love with her husband.
******
Although Philip would have liked to spend the entire afternoon cuddling and showering affection on his wife, he'd reluctantly let her up and sent her on her way.  She had her own responsibilities around the house to take care of, after spending the morning shopping and then being disciplined, and he had his.  It was amazing how much he'd enjoyed having her on his lap, doing nothing more than kissing and touching.  Even more delightful had been her occasional wriggles when her sore bottom pressed too firmly against his thigh.
Other than Gabrielle's spoiled antics and Cordelia's insecurities when it came to dealing with them, Philip was already feeling quite happy in his marriage.  It still bothered him a bit that Cordelia hadn't realized she now reigned supreme in the household.  Had it just been old habits, or had she somehow thought he would follow in the way of her late husband and support Gabrielle?
Hopefully, either way, she now knew that misbehavior on Gabrielle's part should not be tolerated.  
After Cordelia had left, he'd summoned Bonnie to his study.  The maid was quick-witted and had kept an accounting of every item Cordelia had desired but discarded in order to cater to Gabrielle's demands.  The full list made him frown.  Because of the scene in the foyer, Bonnie hadn't been able to give him more than a sketchy report when the ladies had first returned from their jaunt.  Seeing the list of dresses and accouterments that Cordelia had given up for Gabrielle's greed only worried him further.
She truly was willing to go to great lengths of selflessness in order to appease others.  Yes, her submissive nature was part of what had drawn her to him in the first place, but now that he was her husband, it was up to him to protect her from allowing that nature to be taken advantage of.  Obviously, Gabrielle was quite used to doing so and Cordelia was accustomed to allowing it.  Would she be able to adjust and begin to value herself more and squelch Gabrielle's pretensions? 
Well, if she couldn't do it herself, Philip would assist her.  
And she'd have a very sore bottom to keep her mindful of the consequences, should she forget to put herself first.
******
That evening, Gabrielle ate in her room and Philip and Cordelia dined together alone.  It was an option that would not be available to them very soon, as the Season would start in earnest the next week, and all of them would be expected to attend any number of formal dinners, balls, routs, and other events as Gabrielle debuted.  The ton would also expect to see the Marchioness of Dunbury, in her new position, so they could gawk and gossip.  Of course, if Cordelia didn't sally forth, the gossip would be ten times worse.
Philip was comforted by knowing his cousins Hugh and Eleanor were in town; his family and his friends would be supportive of Cordelia.  The feelings of protectiveness over her wouldn't allow him to let her loose into Society alone either.  It wasn't fashionable for a husband to dance attendance on his wife, in fact many considered it unseemly, but he was caring less and less about that.  Originally, he'd planned to let Lady Irving and Eleanor steer Cordelia's introduction to the ton and be her guards.  His presence would only incite more gossip and speculation, as well as occasional disparagement by those who thought husbands and wives should be separated in public.  Most of those were the high-steppers, the most snobbish of Society.   
He hadn't wanted to subject Cordelia to their scrutiny or to those who would sneer at his disregard for conventions.  Of course, he'd noted that Hugh, Edwin, and their friends, and to a lesser degree, Irving, didn't heed that stricture, but their relationships were already well established and their wives all had a large support system around them.  Cordelia had no one but his friends and family, and him.
The urge to be near her was becoming stronger every day - every hour.  Just seeing her smile made him want to slay dragons.  Watching her sit down gingerly in her chair at the table made him want to carry her off to the bedroom.  The idea that any other man might approach her with either of those thoughts in his head... well it was just another reason why he was already changing his planned approach to their foray into Society.
After all, newlyweds were always granted some leniency, even by the highest sticklers, and there was a certain cachet to a woman whose husband only had eyes for her.  Philip knew he was not the type to cause his wife pain by straying - he'd seen far too many marriages torn asunder by the keeping of a mistress, including his own parents' - but it hadn't occurred to him that he wouldn't even feel tempted.  Then again, those men who vaunted their affairs or had a woman on the side were also the ones who said finding happiness in marriage was a myth.
Hugh and Edwin said differently, as did their friends Spencer and Brooke.  Although Philip had only just become acquainted with Irving and his wife, it was clear that there was true affection and happiness there as well.  As far as he knew, Irving had never had a mistress either.  
Now, married to Cordelia, Philip completely understood.  Why would he want another woman's bed when he could have Cordelia in his?  While other women might be attractive, while they might be beautiful, his interest in finding out what they'd look like unclothed or wracked with passion had waned.  He knew what Cordelia looked like and he wanted to see it again and again and again.  
Without Gabrielle's presence, the meal was highly enjoyable.  Despite the fact that she was sitting gingerly, Cordelia blossomed during their conversation.  They shared tidbits about their childhoods, and Philip learned that his wife loved horses but had never really learned to ride.  He immediately offered to take her out once she was able to sit more comfortably, and the beaming expression on her face was reward in and of itself.  
Strangely, London was the perfect place for Cordelia to learn how to ride.  While Hyde Park was the only location for riding, ladies were expected to keep their horses' paces at a walk the whole time.  More advanced riders, such as his cousin Eleanor, chafed at the restrictions, but for Cordelia it would be perfect.
It occurred to him that Gabrielle would benefit from similar lessons.  Although she had the usual skills of a debutante - water colors, embroidery, and he assumed she had some kind of musical talent (although "talent" was a bit of a stretch when it came to the competency level of most young ladies) - most gentlemen weren't interested in such pursuits.  He'd always wondered why all young ladies were expected to learn them, and expound on them, when such conversations sent most men running.  The logic behind impressing such skills on every debutante remained one of the great mysteries about women.  If he wanted Gabrielle to find a husband faster, riding would be a necessary skill to learn.  And he knew that both ladies had riding habits, even if they lacked much experience.  
However, he didn't feel up to escorting two novice riders around the park, especially as he still didn't trust Gabrielle not to cause mischief.  Granted, with her inexperience, she could be an issue even without meaning to.
Perhaps his cousins would be willing to accompany them on some rides, and he could always enlist Felix if need be.
Either way, he looked forward to sharing that part of his life with Cordelia.  They were more than compatible in the bedroom, but he truly enjoyed her company outside of it as well.  He was sure she was beginning to look at him with true affection also, and not just the gratefulness that came from being rescued from her situation.  Although that appreciation had been more than enough to satisfy him originally, he found himself wanting to be more to her than just a white knight.  He hadn't even thought about it before, because being her protector seemed enough, but something had changed, and now it wasn't.  He wanted to be more than that to her.
******
Utterly thrilled that Philip was willing to teach her to ride, Cordelia didn't even care how sore her bottom was.  She knew riding was important to him, and she wasn't a very good horsewoman.  He’d seemed very pleased when she’d shown interest, and, as she'd always loved horses even though she didn't have much experience with them, it certainly was no hardship on her part.  
Of course, that would have to wait until she was no longer squirming when she sat.
Every time she wriggled in her seat, Philip would give her a knowing look, and she would blush hotly.  It was strange how something like a sore bottom could make her feel so loved and cared about, cherished even.  
It didn't even surprise her when Philip announced his intention to retire, as soon as dinner was over.  She blushed, as she agreed to join him, immediately.
That night, he made wonderful, glorious love to her, kissing and caressing her all over until he finally plunged inside of her and they moved together to an intense climax.  Snuggling in his arms afterwards, only wincing every now and then as her sensitive cheeks rubbed against the sheets, Cordelia was sublimely happy.
Chapter 7
At breakfast, Gabrielle flounced into the room and then glared at Philip.  Meeting her gaze mildly, he wasn't surprised when her angry stare lost its fire after just a few seconds and her eyes darted away.  Pursing her lips, she moved towards the buffet, where the food was laid out, as Cordelia watched her with a bit of concern.  Seeing that, Philip knew he would never understand, nor fail to appreciate, how big his wife's heart was.  Even now, she was worrying over Gabrielle, despite the chit's antics the day before.
Speaking of which...
Trevalen, his butler, came into the dining room and gave Cordelia and Philip a quick bow.  "Good morning, my lord, your packages have arrived."
"Very good," Philip said, setting down his newspaper.  "Please bring them here."
"Packages? You ordered something?" Cordelia asked, looking confused.  Dressed in a soft, blue, muslin day dress, she was sitting a little more comfortably than she had been the night before.  She set aside the invitations she'd been going through as she looked at Philip.
"You'll see," he said, a mischievous grin moving across his face.  Normally, he wouldn’t have packages delivered at breakfast, but these were special.  And not for him.
At the other end of the table, Gabrielle was frowning as she set down her plate and settled into her seat.  Philip saw her wince as her bottom met the chair, despite the fact that she'd sat down as normally as she could.  He assumed she was pretending yesterday's spanking hadn't affected her at all.  Apparently, she was feeling rebellious again today.  
Well, if need be, they'd repeat the lesson.  
As if she could read his thoughts, Gabrielle averted her eyes and applied herself to her breakfast.  Philip smiled his approval, even though she couldn't see it.
A few moments later, Trevalen returned to the room, leading a small processional of footmen carrying various boxes.  Unable to pretend disinterest, Gabrielle watched, her eyes growing wide with astonishment as the footmen all presented their packages to Cordelia, laying them next to her place at the table, before leaving the room.  Next to the large pile, Cordelia sat with her mouth hanging open, good manners completely forgotten.
As the last footman relieved himself of his burden, her head swung around and she stared at Philip.  He took a sip of coffee to cover his smile.
"What... what is this?" she asked faintly, confusion and uncertainty evident on her face and in her voice.  Once again, Philip had reason to curse her late husband for his ineptitude in bolstering Cordelia's confidence.  She shouldn't be so shocked at presents, nor should she have any reason to doubt that they were for her.
Putting down his coffee cup, Philip leaned over and brushed his fingers over her hand.  Feeling her slight tremor made him want to frown, but he smiled instead, not wanting to cause her any anxiety.
"Think of it as a token of my affection, sweetheart.  Now open them and let's see what's inside."
As a tremulous smile appeared on her face, her eyes took on a watery sheen, but the sheer gratitude in them made his own returning smile completely sincere.  Whatever lack her first husband had left in his treatment of Cordelia, Philip had no qualms about making up for it.
******
Even though sitting at the breakfast table wasn't entirely comfortable, wild horses couldn't drag Cordelia away right now.  Her heart almost hurt, it felt so full to bursting as she looked over the packages that the footmen had brought in.  She recognized the names of the shops that she and Gabrielle had visited yesterday, but she couldn't quite believe that...
But there was only one way to find out.
With trembling hands, she lifted the closest package and set it in front of her, opening the pretty red and cream striped box.  Inside was a pair of ivory, lambskin gloves that she'd wanted to buy yesterday but had put aside when she'd realized how much Gabrielle was purchasing.  They were so soft and buttery, and had a gorgeous scalloped edge; the nicest gloves she'd ever touched.  Her mouth dropped open, and one of the tears she'd been trying to hold back slid onto her cheek.
Immediately, she dashed it away.  She couldn't even look at Philip, all she could do was stare at the gloves in the box, completely flummoxed. 
His hand reached out and touched hers.  "Keep going darling, there's quite a bit more."
Silently, Cordelia reached for the next box.  And the next.  And the next.  
Gloves.  Stockings.  Fans.  Reticules.  Lace.  Ribbons.  Boots.  By the third box she didn't even bother trying to hide her tears.  She was so overwhelmed, so consumed with joy and touched at Philip's thoughtfulness... every single item she'd admired, but ultimately decided to buy at a later date when she'd realized how much Gabrielle was spending, was now in her possession.  The maid that had gone with them must have made note of all the items Cordelia had desired but hadn't bought. 
Somehow, Philip had purchased all of them for her, so she didn't have to go without.  
As she opened the last package, pulling out a gorgeous, peacock blue parasol, Gabrielle jumped up from the table and ran out of the room.  For once, Cordelia didn't have even the slightest impulse to follow her stepdaughter and smooth things over.  She could do that later.  Right now, it was more important that Philip knew exactly how wonderful she thought he was.
Unfortunately, she couldn't get the words out of her mouth.  She just looked at him, opened her lips and her tears started to spill down her cheeks like a waterfall.
"Oh, sweetheart," he murmured, quickly standing.
Cordelia found herself swept up into his arms; he cradled her almost like a child as he sat down in her chair with her on his lap.  Her bottom protested a bit as she settled against his hard thigh, but the discomfort was barely noticeable against her emotional onslaught.  It wasn't the money he'd spent on her which had caused her reaction, it was the incredible thoughtfulness of it.  Not only had he spanked her for allowing Gabrielle to flatten her during the shopping trip yesterday, but made sure she had everything that she'd wanted. 
"Thank - you-" she managed to stammer out as she clutched at the front of his shirt, practically sobbing.  Philip had already been her white knight, the man who'd saved her from having to succumb to the new Baron's advances or another man's indecent proposition; now she felt like he was even more than that.  She was safe, under his roof, perfectly protected, and there had been no reason for this gesture.  In fact, if he'd truly wanted to teach her a lesson about allowing Gabrielle to overspend, making her go without the things she'd wanted for a while longer would have been perfectly reasonable.  
Instead, he'd provided all of it for her.
As he held her, he made soothing noises, and Cordelia felt awful for crying on him when he'd been so incredibly wonderful.  It didn't seem to bother him at all though, and as her tears finally dried up, Philip tipped her head back and brushed his lips across hers.
"I'm sorry," she whispered, mortified by her utter loss of control. It was the same as the night before, when he'd spanked her, and all of her emotions that had been held in for so long had drained out of her; although, now it was more as though the bulwarks that she'd had in place were gone after that experience.  It had been impossible to hide her emotions from him, both then and now. 
"No harm done, love," he said gently, brushing some of the wetness from her face with her napkin.  She smiled a bit crookedly at him.  A mischievous glint appeared in his eye.  "Do you not like your gifts?  Do you want me to send everything back?"
"No, I love them!" she cried out, sliding her hands around his neck and pulling him into a hug.  Her wet cheek pressed against his as she whispered in his ear.  "I love them.  Thank you.  Just - thank you."
"Perhaps, later, I'll show you how you can show me your appreciation," Philip murmured in her ear, his hands sliding down her back in a way that made her shiver.  His hands cupped her bottom, sparking a heat inside of her and making it clear that whatever he had in mind, it had to do with their bedroom activities.
Breath caught in her throat, Cordelia nodded.  He turned his head slightly and pressed his lips to her skin, just above the collar of her dress, and the little spot tingled.  Then he pulled away and stood up, gently setting her on her feet.  Cordelia clung to him for a moment, her hands on his chest, his on her waist, as he smiled down at her. 
"I have some matters to attend to this morning," he said, his fingers stroking her hips through her gown.  "But I would like to take you and Gabrielle for a ride in Hyde Park this afternoon."
"On horseback?"  Although she wanted to ride, Cordelia wasn't sure if she was up for a test of her riding skills so quickly.
"No, the landau for today.  The park is too crowded in the afternoon for any riding lessons; that will have to be a morning activity.  Perhaps tomorrow?"
Cordelia nodded, tilting her head back for another kiss from her husband.  It struck her, as his lips descended, how very brazen she'd become in just a few days as Philip's wife!  She would have never dared touch her first husband in so casual a manner; pressing her hands up against his body or practically requesting a kiss with her mannerisms.  Not that her first husband had ever kissed her after their wedding ceremony.  Even when he'd come to visit her bedchamber, he hadn't put his lips to hers.  Being Philip's wife was so very different that her previous marriage, and the past few years following the Baron’s death, seemed almost like a very bad dream.
After Philip took his leave, Cordelia sat down and stared at the open packages in front of her.  She still couldn't believe he'd spoiled her so outrageously.  Of course, she didn't make the mistake of thinking this was somehow an apology for spanking her the night before.  Her husband certainly didn't have any qualms about that.  It was just something he'd done to make her happy.
It was at that moment Cordelia knew, with utter certainty, she was going to fall in love with her husband - if she hadn't already.  How could she not, when this was the kind of man he was?  Although she'd already experienced his protectiveness when he'd proposed, and his kindness and passion in the days before their wedding, this kind of thoughtfulness and caring on his part... well how could any woman resist such a thing?
Her heart was so full of feeling for him that it felt like it might actually burst out of her chest.   She desperately wanted to make him as happy as he'd made her, although she didn't know how.  A good start would be with whatever he wanted to show her later, she was sure.  Cordelia had always accepted her lot in life and been thankful for the little things - like the security and stability she'd had in her first marriage, even if it hadn't been a love match and parts of it had been awful - but for the first time she realized that she might actually be able to be happy.
Could Philip come to love her as well?  Eleanor and Irene had implied as much at the wedding.  This gesture certainly seemed to bolster that conclusion.  
"My lady?  Would you like us to take these up to your room?"  Several maids had come in to the dining room and were standing at attention, looking at her.  Cordelia had been so lost in thought she hadn't even noticed.
"Yes, please," she said quickly, standing up.  
She would have to do her best to make Philip fall in love with her as well, but she didn't know where to start.  Perhaps something would come to her.  Or she could always ask her best friend, Marjorie, who had a very happy marriage.  She was sure Eleanor or Irene would be happy to give her advice as well, and she'd only had to observe both of their marriages for a few minutes to know the couples were besotted with each other.  
In the meantime, she should check on Gabrielle.  A small pang of guilt trickled through her as she realized that she'd neglected her stepdaughter for quite a while already this morning.  Although her own spanking had been followed by caresses and comfort, and then passion, Gabrielle hadn't received that kind of reassurance.  Then, to see Cordelia receive so many gifts when Gabrielle had none... well, it wasn't what the young woman was accustomed to.  Cordelia knew she should harden her heart a little, because Gabrielle was going to have to adjust, but she couldn't help but feel sorry for her.  
It must be so hard to go from only getting one kind of attention from her father, to move into a new household where she wasn't even receiving that, and Cordelia was instead.  She must be feeling very alone.
When Cordelia knocked on Gabrielle's bedroom door, her usual anxiety when it came to dealing with her stepdaughter started to rise again.  She doubted that this interview was going to be pleasant, but it was also her responsibility.
"Who is it?"  Gabrielle's voice, angry and demanding, was very clear even through the thick door.
Cordelia opened the door and stepped through.  "It's me."
"I didn't say you could come in."  Flopped face down on the bed, Gabrielle didn't even look up as Cordelia came towards her.  Her face was mostly buried in a pillow that she had bunched in between her arms.  "Get out."
"Now, Gabrielle-"
"Get out!  I hate you!"  Gabrielle finally looked up at Cordelia, her eyes red and swollen from crying and her face streaked with tears.  "Why are you even in here?  You've gotten everything you want!  A husband who gives you presents and beats me!"
"Gabrielle!  He didn't beat you," Cordelia said, astonished.  "I would never let him do such a thing."
"You sat there and watched while he spanked me!"
"You earned that spanking," Cordelia said, trying to be firm, although even to her own ears it didn't sound very convincing.  "And Philip is letting you keep everything you bought, which is very generous of him."
"Oh, just get out.  I knew you would side with him.  I know how much you hate me.  You probably enjoyed watching him humiliate me."  Gabrielle burst into noisy sobs again and buried her face back in her pillow, rolling away from Cordelia. 
Automatically putting her hand out, Cordelia let it drop, watching her stepdaughter with mounting distress.  She wanted to gather Gabrielle up in her arms, but she didn't think the young woman would tolerate it.  In the past, she'd never had to deal with an outburst like this from Gabrielle, because Gabrielle had always been favored over Cordelia.  Now that it seemed the tables had turned, she didn't know what to say or do to soothe Gabrielle.
She didn't think her stepdaughter was crying crocodile tears either.  This was ugly, almost hysterical sobbing on Gabrielle's part.
Sitting gingerly on the edge of the bed, Cordelia placed in her hands in her lap to keep from reaching out and touching her stepdaughter. 
"I don't hate you, Gabrielle," she said softly.  Although Gabrielle didn't respond, something about the way she held herself made Cordelia think she was listening.  "I never have.  I only want what is best for you.  I don't want to see you spanked again, and I didn't want to see it yesterday, but if you earn another spanking, I will be there for it.  Not because I enjoy watching it, but so that you aren't alone.  Things are going to be different now, but different doesn't have to mean bad."
"Different."  Gabrielle snorted, her voice bitter.  "Good for you and horrid for me.  Just get out, Cordelia.  Go away and leave me alone."
She hesitated and then stood.  Even though Gabrielle's back was to her, it seemed that her sobbing had ceased.  At this point, perhaps it would be better to give Gabrielle back some control in her life, even if it only extended to ordering Cordelia out of her bedroom.
Stopping at the door, she turned back to the lonely little figure curled up on the bed.
"We'll be going for a ride this afternoon in Hyde Park.  Philip wishes to take us out in his landau."
"Lovely," Gabrielle said flatly.  "Now leave.  Please."  The last was tacked on as an afterthought, a plea, a sign of how desperately Gabrielle wanted to be alone.
Sighing, troubled, Cordelia left the room and shut the door gently behind her.  She had no idea what to do about Gabrielle, other than leave her alone for a bit, and Philip was busy... perhaps she would go pay a morning call to Marjorie.  It would give her the opportunity to ask her friend what she'd done to make Irving love her.
******
That afternoon, in the landau, it was impossible to miss the undercurrents of tension.  Philip sighed inwardly, keeping a blank expression on his face.  Sitting across from him and Cordelia, Gabrielle was looking anywhere but at the two of them, a sullen look on her face.  He'd noted her jealous reaction this morning, to the gifts he'd given Cordelia.  It never ceased to astound him how incredibly selfish she could be.  Although, if she hadn't overspent on her own shopping, Cordelia would have already purchased all of the gifts.  It didn't seem to occur to Gabrielle that she'd brought in on herself.
Spoiled, selfish, little chit.  
Of course, other than pouting and holding herself apart from the conversation, she wasn't doing anything that he could truly call her on.  She did perk up a bit when they arrived at the park and he started pointing out the various members of the nobility.  The park was quite crowded with carriages, riders and walkers.  The grande dames of the ton were lined up in their landaus off to the side, observing everything and gossiping to each other, while the younger sets moved about more freely.
There was a bit of a mob scene when Philip and his carriage were spotted.  So few people had met his new Marchioness that curiosity was running rampant.  It was almost continuous introductions as the various members of the ton came to meet Cordelia and Gabrielle.  Cordelia handled herself admirably, as he'd known she would, despite her nervousness.  He doubted anyone else would even realize that she was a bit anxious; her smile was genuine, and her eyes sparkled as she exchanged pleasantries with everyone she met.
To her credit, Gabrielle acquitted herself well also.  Although, he kept a weather eye out as several young men drew her into conversation over the side of the carriage.  They'd had to stop their forward movement, because of the crowd, which gave the gentleman ample opportunity to exchange nearly private words with Gabrielle.  She’d blushed prettily at their attentions, seeming quite demure and modest, not even attempting to use the flirtatious wiles she’d shown towards Philip before he’d married Cordelia.  Which was a relief, as she probably would have frightened them away.  Instead they seemed intrigued by her blushes and her quiet, attempting to draw her out with their conversation.  
Several of them were not men Philip would allow her to marry; fortune hunters, gamblers and rakes.  He now knew gossip about the dowry he was providing for Gabrielle had certainly done the rounds; Lord Eckeridge was in dun territory, which was the only explanation for why he would be approaching a young lady.  Ladies of any age held no interest for him and he spent a great deal of time at the molly houses, but Philip had heard recently he was now looking for a rich wife to settle his debts.  Definitely not the kind of man he would accept for Gabrielle.  Unfortunately, he was handsome and fashionable enough that Gabrielle obviously didn't realize there was anything amiss.
Philip kept one eye on her and the other on Cordelia, as he did his best to help his wife navigate her new acquaintances.
After a bit, the crowd thinned, and he signaled his driver to start them moving again.
******
Hyde Park was both glorious and overwhelming.  Cordelia was stunned by the amount of people roaming across the pathways and greenery, all decked out in their finery.  It was certainly the place to see and be seen!  And it seemed as though quite a few people wanted to see her.  
Some of the older women with young daughters weren't entirely friendly, but no one was uncivil.  It was quite daunting, actually, to realize how many women felt snubbed by Philip's choice in bride.  He'd had his pick of a veritable bevy of young, virginal beauties, with impeccable breeding and large dowries, for a bride, and yet he'd chosen her.  Impoverished, widowed, and not nearly as fashionable, although her current dress was much better than what she'd worn as a Baroness.  She mentally thanked him for the wedding trousseau he'd provided; without that, she'd look like a poor country relation.  
Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Gabrielle was smiling, as young men were introduced to her and seemed quite interested in speaking with her.  Cordelia hoped the attention would bolster Gabrielle in a way Cordelia hadn't been able to earlier that morning.  She certainly looked more like her old self - the best of her old self - smiling and blushing under the attention.  It was obvious she wasn't very discerning, however, as Cordelia could easily see that several of the men vying for her attention were also eyeing some of the other young beauties in the park, yet Gabrielle seemed not to notice.  She was too flattered by the attentions that were being paid to her.
Philip seemed to be keeping an eye on Gabrielle, however, and so when Hugh and Irene came up to the landau on horseback, accompanied by two others Cordelia hadn't met before, Cordelia felt free to turn her complete attention to them.  In fact, it was a relief to know she could rely on Philip to watch Gabrielle; it gave her a freedom she hadn't had since becoming the girl's stepmother.
"Cordelia!  You look lovely," Irene said, bringing her horse up to the side of the carriage.  "Obviously marriage agrees with you."
"Marriage to Philip certainly does," Cordelia replied with a little laugh.  Beside her, she felt her husband reach for her hand and give her fingers a little squeeze.  She blushed, but it made her smile even more broadly as well.  When she'd visited Marjorie earlier in the day, the Countess' words of advice had been succinct - let Philip know how much she appreciated him, take an interest in his interests, be open-minded when it came to the marriage bed, and, most of all, be herself.  So she didn't mind Philip overhearing what she said, but it wasn't entirely natural for her to be so forthcoming with her emotions, which made her blush.
Hugh grinned at her from his horse, obviously approving of her sentiment.  Beside him, a very large, almost piratical looking man was studying her, while simultaneously keeping an eye on the impish young woman next to him.  She was dressed in a fashionable, garnet riding habit that set off her dark hair and eyes wonderfully, making Cordelia feel a touch envious.  Perhaps she should try wearing garnet sometime.  "Lady Dunbury, may I present my good friend, the Earl of Spencer, and his wife."
"Call me Cynthia, please," the young woman said, with an exasperated look at Hugh, before she smiled brightly at Cordelia.  "I'm sure we're going to be good friends.  Irene and Eleanor have told me that you're not at all stuffy."
Practically choking on a laugh, Cordelia tried to tamp down on her mirth as the Earl of Spencer turned an irate and long-suffering look on his young wife.  
"Cynthia," he said, warningly.
From the conversation Cordelia had had with Eleanor and Irene on her wedding day, she remembered them saying Cynthia actually tried to get into trouble.  It didn't seem as though she had to try very hard.  She was obviously naturally exuberant and didn't seem all that bothered by the conventions of Society.  Cordelia liked her immediately, even though she could tell they were opposites in many ways.
Rolling her eyes, Cynthia smiled winningly at Cordelia, ignoring her husband completely.
"I'm very glad to meet you," Cordelia said, looking from Cynthia to the Earl.  "Irene and Eleanor have told me how glad they are of your friendship."
Any chance she'd had of distracting the Earl from his wife's antics were completely ruined when Cynthia shot her husband a smug look upon Cordelia's words.  He scowled back at her, looking quite threatening, and growled something under his breath.  Cordelia almost thought he called his wife an "annoying piece of baggage" but surely that couldn't be right... Irene and Eleanor had told her they were a love match, so he couldn't have said something so insulting to her.
Especially since Cynthia didn't seem insulted at all, the smug expression still on her beautiful face.
Drawn by the group, Gabrielle scooted over her on seat, and Cordelia introduced her stepdaughter to the Earl and Countess of Spencer.  It didn't surprise her when Gabrielle frankly looked Spencer over.  He was very handsome, after all, in a dangerous manner; just the sort to appeal to young women.  Not that he seemed to notice; he and Hugh struck up a conversation with Philip, who now had his arm about Cordelia's shoulders and was leaning back to talk with them.
Surprisingly, Cynthia did notice and didn't seem to mind at all.  Although, Cordelia supposed she must be used to the attention paid to her husband.  She probably garnered quite a bit of attention from other men as well, Cordelia mused, as Cynthia began chatting with Gabrielle.  Irene was watching Gabrielle warily, but Cynthia was just as open and friendly with her as she had been with Cordelia - and Gabrielle was responding warmly.  It occurred to Cordelia that perhaps Cynthia and her husband were so secure in their regard for each other that it didn't matter to them what anyone else did.  
That kind of emotional stability was quite enviable.  Cordelia knew if she saw Philip looking over another woman, she'd be quite distressed.  She had no way of knowing how deep his emotions went for her and she was already frightened of losing his attention.  
"I received your invitation for Gabrielle's coming out ball," Irene said to Cordelia, obviously noting she wasn't involved in any of the conversations happening around them.  "Hugh and I will be there, of course."
"Thank you," Cordelia said, smiling.  "It will be good to see a friendly face among the crowd."  Fortunately, there had been very little for her to plan; it actually hadn't been her that had sent the invitations, it had been Eleanor on her behalf.  As Philip's closest relative in London, he'd asked her to make the arrangements so Cordelia wouldn't have to spend her first few days as his Marchioness penning invitations for Gabrielle's come-out.  Cordelia had been relieved and grateful for the assistance.
After a few more minutes of chatting with Irene about the plans for the ball, the Earl of Spencer noticed his wife and Gabrielle had attracted a group of young men who were flirting outrageously with both of them.  Gabrielle was bright pink and the Countess seemed to be urging them on.  With a scowling look on his face, he chased the men away before practically dragging his wife away - as much as one could drag someone on horseback.  Cynthia looked over her shoulder and gave Cordelia a cheery wave goodbye, obviously immune to her husband's mood.  Obviously, Cordelia had been incorrect - while Cynthia wasn't bothered by Gabrielle's attention to her husband, the Earl was certainly bothered by other men's attentions to his wife.  Perhaps her own jealousy at even the thought of other women flirting with Philip wasn't so outrageous.
Chuckling, Hugh and Irene said their own goodbyes and departed after their friends, at which point Philip decided it was time for them to return home as well.  Although Gabrielle protested, it only took one look from Philip to quiet her.  For herself, Cordelia was glad to be returning to their house; the crowds at Hyde Park had been overwhelming.  Not to mention that, after her talk with Marjorie that morning, she was eager to spend more time alone with Philip.  Especially since he'd promised to show her a way to express her appreciation for all the gifts he'd given her - she absolutely wanted to know what he felt was the best way to show her gratitude.
Chapter 8
All in all, Philip considered the afternoon's outing a success.  Gabrielle had behaved herself, Cordelia had been introduced and shown off to the ton at large - he didn't consider the teas and at-homes she'd been attending to be a true measure of Society as they were much smaller gatherings which she'd been expressly invited to - and he'd been able to catch up with Hugh and Spencer.  He hadn't met Spencer's wife before today, and he'd been a bit surprised at how young she was, but he had to say she certainly seemed to suit the man.  And he was quite possessive of her.
Even a few months ago, Philip wouldn't have quite understood.  While he'd sympathize with the desire to ensure one's wife was faithful, it had been obvious that the Countess wasn't flirting back (even if she’d encouraged the men by pitting them against each other), and so he would have thought that was well enough.  Now, with Cordelia as his wife, he absolutely sympathized with Spencer's reaction.  The urge to claim and have that claim acknowledged... it was a primal instinct to chase off the irreverent young pups and ensure they knew not to challenge him.  Just thinking about rakes circling around his Cordelia, hoping she'd become a bored matron of the ton looking for entertainment outside her marriage, made him feel savage. 
Upon returning home, Gabrielle went straight to her room, telling one of the maids to send her supper to her on a tray.  Philip was tempted to countermand that order and force her to be social, but - as if she could read his thoughts - Cordelia placed a hand on his arm and requested he give Gabrielle the evening to herself.  
"She is still adjusting," Cordelia said pleadingly, which might not have swayed Philip entirely but then she blushed and looked away, peeking up at him through her thick lashes.  "And I... I have enjoyed having private meals with you."
Deciding on the spot they should have a tray in their room as well, rather than eating more formally, Philip immediately acquiesced.  After all, a meal could not be more private than in their own chambers, without the servants coming in and out.  Her shy, little request made him hard as a rock, but it also touched on more tender emotions.  Knowing Cordelia enjoyed spending time alone with him, to the point where she was willing to request it even though she obviously wasn't entirely comfortable doing so... well it was quite a stroke to his ego.
Her blush deepened when Philip told the same maid who had reported Gabrielle's order to him that they would eat in their chambers as well.  And then he practically dragged her off to those said chambers, eager to be private with his wife.  After all, he'd waited all day already.
The second the door closed, he had her in his arms, his mouth pressed against hers as he pressed her up against the door, trapping her between him and the wood.  His cock dug into her soft belly as he drew his hands up the line of her body, exulting when she moaned against his lips, her own hands clinging to his biceps.  
She jumped and made a protesting noise when he ripped the back of her gown, too impatient to deal with the buttons. 
"Philip!"
"I'll buy you another," he growled as he pulled the garment from her body.  
"That's not what I - Oh!"  She gasped as he freed a breast from her corset, propping the plump mound up on top of the boning and sucking her pretty pink nipple into his mouth.  Her hips bucked, knocking against the door, as his fingers dug into her flesh.  "Philip!  I... I wanted..."
Cordelia wanted something?  His lust flashed hot.  So far she'd never asked for anything in their lovemaking.  She hadn't really known enough to ask.  That she might request something from him made his desire burn.  While he liked to be in control, he also liked to hear a woman ask... beg... plead.  
"What do you want, sweetheart?" he practically purred, releasing her nipple and bringing his hand up to cup the soft mound, kneading it and making her knees buckle.  She was held up by his other hand, which had pressed into the vee of her legs, searching out the opening in her pantaloons and sliding into her already slick folds.  The wet heat of her body made him groan, his cock pulsing with the need to invade her.
Guileless, hazel eyes blinked up at him, swimming with arousal, as she panted for breath with her lips parted.  
"I - I... wanted to show you my - ah - appreciation for the gifts," Cordelia stammered out between pants, her body arching as he pinched her nipple.  "You said you would show me."
Bloody fucking hell.  He almost came in his trousers.
The first request she made of him, and it was to show her how to pleasure him?  She was more than perfect, she was a dream come true, and he was a damned bastard for wanting nothing more than to corrupt her and teach her all the ways she could please him.  
"Naked," he said, his voice hoarse as he began pulling at the laces on her corset.  "I want you naked."
There was a questioning look in her eyes, because she knew that couldn't be the entirety of the request, but the rest of her clothes quickly fell to the floor as she helped him pull them from her body.  A hot blush rose in her cheeks; that little touch of modesty that reminded him how innocent she was, blushing because she was unclothed before him and he could easily see all of her.
That hot blush went cherry red when there was a knock on the door.  They'd moved a few feet away from it, but it made Cordelia jump anyway, mortification clear on her face.
"Leave the tray outside," he barked out, immediately knowing that it was the dinner he'd ordered.
"Yes, my lord."  There was a slight clatter as the tray was set down outside the door.
His darling wife had responded by covering her breasts and mound up with her arm and hand, doing her best to be modest, despite the fact that no one but him could see her.  It was so naively adorable.  Those responses just fueled his ardor, even as they made him feel like a dirty bastard for wanting to do so many perverse and decadent things to her.  He wanted to corrupt her, ruin her, and turn her into his own personal sexual plaything; the only one he would ever need or want.
"Put your hands down," he ordered as he pulled off his jacket, dropping it onto the floor and untucking his shirt from his trousers.  "I want to look at you."
Although she obeyed, she had trouble looking back at him as she did so.  The fine tremors going through her body were both of excitement and anxiety; she nervously nibbled her lower lip even as her nipples puckered under his gaze.  Philip groaned as he dropped his shirt on the floor, atop his jacket, right in front of his feet.  The small pile of clothes atop their thick rug should provide ample padding for her knees.
"Come here, sweetheart," he said, holding out his hand.  She took it eagerly, obviously unsure of what to do with her own hands now that she wasn't covering herself with them.  Philip pulled her directly in front of him so she was standing on the clothing.  "Kneel down in front of me."
That questioning curiosity was back in her eyes, tinged with confusion, and reassuring him she had absolutely no idea what he had in mind.  What a sweet, little innocent his Cordelia was, despite having been married before.  He knew some men insisted on young debutantes for wives, wanting a pure, virginal bride, but innocence had nothing to do with whether or not a woman was a virgin.  His Cordelia was as innocent as they came, knowing nothing of passion or desire before him, and now he would continue her education.
Opening the front of his trousers, he pulled out his cock and fisted it, renewing the blush in her cheeks which had just barely started to fade as she stared directly at his rod.  It was an angry, reddish color, pearly fluid already leaking from the tip in his eagerness, and this was the first time he'd put himself close enough for her to examine him.
"I want you to kiss my cock, sweetheart," he said, his voice low and husky with need.  "I want you to kiss it and lick it and then take it into your mouth."
Her eyes widened with shock, and her gaze went from his cock up to his eyes, as if asking him whether or not he was serious.  With her pink lips slightly parted in astonishment, she looked so blasted gorgeous it was all he could do not to slide his fingers into her hair and force her head down on his erection.
"You want to show me your appreciation?  This is what I want."
Looking back down at his rigid member, Cordelia hesitantly reached up to touch his shaft, placing her fingers just above his, her other hand bracing herself on his thigh.  Immediately, Philip let go of his cock and wrapped his fingers around hers on his cock, forcing her to pump the thick shaft.  She gasped, her lips parting even further, and his hips surged forward of their own accord, brushing the tip of his cock over her lips and smearing some of his cum across the bottom one.  He groaned as her tongue flicked out, tasting it.
"That's it, sweetheart, taste me.  Use that sweet, little tongue on me, I want to feel it."
He almost lost it when her tongue flicked out obediently, swiping across the head of his cock, so wet and inquisitive.  Closing his eyes, he breathed in deeply through his nose as her lips and tongue started to explore him, even as he used his hand to guide hers over the base of his shaft.  Little, inexperienced licks and kisses, that were just as beguiling as the most experienced mistress', if not more.
"Open up," he demanded, his free hand came down to rest on her hair, sliding his fingers into the glossy tresses, heedless of the pins that came loose and scattered on the floor.  "Put me inside your mouth and suckle me."
Hesitant, but submissively obedient, Cordelia drew back and opened her mouth, taking just the tip of him between her lips.
Heaven.
Philip's fingers tightened in her hair, pulling her towards him.  He felt, more than heard, her gasp as his cock slid into her wet, hot mouth, her tongue flicking against the sensitive underside and making him groan again.  Looking down at her, pink lips wrapped around his shaft, slim fingers under his encircling the base, and her wide, shocked but aroused eyes, he knew he wasn't going to last long. 
Not long at all.
******
Wanton.  She was a wanton.  A hussy.  A tart.  Or at least, she was becoming one.
Completely bare, on her knees, in front of her husband doing something she'd never even imagined, much less heard of!  Not only that... but she was enjoying it.  She couldn't help but wonder why the act hadn't occurred to her, considering how much she'd enjoyed Philip's mouth on her... intimate areas, but she'd just assumed he was already showing her everything and, so far, he hadn't even hinted at this.
The taste was different, but not bad.  Salty.  Musky.  Somehow meaty.  And just a little sweet.  But it wasn't the taste she was enjoying, although there was something satisfying about having her mouth filled in this manner, it was the way Philip was reacting.
She hadn't understood, at first, why he wanted what he wanted... but now she realized what she was doing felt incredible to him.  Not only that, but for the first time she had a bit of control over how she made him feel.  She could flick her tongue and hear him pant, take him deeper into her mouth and watch his body bow, or suckle him hard and listen to his heartfelt groans. 
Between her legs, her womanhood felt plump and juicy, making her rub her thighs together to try and relieve some of the growing ache.  After a while, the tops of her thighs were slick as well, helping to make her movements even more frantic as the need inside of her built.  She sucked harder, her neediness translating itself to her mouth, as if the two were somehow connected.
"Oh God, yes, Cordelia," Philip cried out, his hand tightening on the back of her head, holding her in place.  "Swallow me!"
His words didn't make sense until suddenly a wet heat of salty fluid burst in her mouth.  She had no choice but to swallow, despite her shock, as she realized he was releasing his seed like this.  
Her throat moved convulsively, his hips pumping, and she ended up taking him a little deeper, so her lips were pressed against her hand.  It was the deepest he'd gone, nearly hitting the back of her throat, and she almost felt like gagging but managed to suppress the urge as she swallowed.
Since his fingers held her in place, she continue to suckle gentle as he softened in her mouth, still marveling at what she'd just done.  Her own body was throbbing with the need for relief, her thighs slick with her arousal. 
"Thank you, sweetheart," her husband said, smiling down at her with such warmth that she felt like she was glowing from the inside out.  "Now, go sit down at the table, and I'll bring in our dinner."
"But-" she started to say, and then stopped, nibbling on her lip.  She wasn't brave enough to ask for what she really wanted right now, even though her body was practically begging her to be the tart she was calling herself in her head and just say the words.
Philip arched an eyebrow at her, but she shook her head and stood.  Her knees ached a bit.  When she reached down to pick up her chemise, he cleared his throat.
"No clothing, Cordelia.  I want you to eat dinner as you are."
Heat filled her cheeks, and she clutched the fabric of her chemise, flimsy though it was, to her chest.  "But... I can't!  We can't eat... naked."
"We can, and we will," he said calmly, as if suggesting such a scandalous thing was perfectly natural.  His eyes glinted as he looked her up and down, since the chemise did very little to hide her body as she held it in front of her.  "Why do you think I wanted to eat in our chambers?  Go sit down, Cordelia.  If you're not in your seat by the time the food is on the table, the next thing we do in private will be a spanking."
Dropping the chemise, Cordelia scampered towards the table as Philip opened the door and picked up the tray.  She didn't know what kind of spanking he meant - the fun kind or a punishment one - and she didn't want to find out.  Even if sitting naked at the table made her blush and squirm, it was better than a punishment spanking.  
Was this what Marjorie had meant by being open-minded?  Somehow, Cordelia had trouble imagining that, but then she also had trouble imagining Eleanor or Irene being spanked by their husbands.  On the other hand, it was quite easy to imagine the Earl of Spencer spanking his wife.  She didn't know what kind of marriage Marjorie and Christopher had, but something had prompted Marjorie to give the advice she did.  
Taking a deep breath, Cordelia twisted her hands together in her lap, over her tightly clamped thighs, as Philip brought the tray to the table.  The pleased smiled on his lips as he looked down at her made her nudity slightly easier to bear.  
As they ate, she was distracted enough by his bare chest and shoulders to help ease her anxiety.  Although, of course, she could hardly forget it when Philip's eyes often dropped to make an inspection of her breasts, which felt swollen and heavy under his gaze.  Her nipples stayed puckered and tight, and she squeezed her thighs together under the table.  Since their discussion ranged from books, to the people Cordelia had met in the park that morning, to Philip's relations, it wasn't as if they were talking about anything scandalous, but she couldn't help but feel so because of the circumstances.  Scandalous and exciting.
Especially when Philip decided that he wanted to have her for dessert.
******
Dropping a dollop of cream on Cordelia's breast, right on top of her nipple, Philip smiled at her hiss as the coolness of the cream tightened her sensitive bud further.  Eating dessert from his wife was as delightful as he’d predicted it would be.  He’d laid her out on their bed, ordered her not to move an inch and had fetched the cream.  
She wriggled, reaching down to touch him as he licked the sweet froth from the perky mound. Immediately, Philip straightened up, giving her a hard look.
"I see you can't help yourself," he said, shaking his head.  "I told you to stay in position."  She looked a bit distressed at having disappointed him, although she still seemed confused as to why he didn't want her moving about.  Philip hid his smile.  "Don't worry, sweetheart, I will help you."
Getting up, he fetched his cravat from where it had landed on the floor.  The starch had gone out of it completely, leaving it quite supple and soft in his hands, perfect for what he had in mind.  Sitting up slightly on the bed, her brow furrowed, Cordelia watched as he approached with the length of cloth.  
"Hold out your hands, sweetheart."
Her eyes widened with awareness as he began to twine the cravat about her slender wrists.
"You don't have to - I'll hold still, Philip, I promise."
"All evidence to the contrary, my dear," he said, a certain relish leaking into his voice as he bound her.  Although there was trepidation in her eyes, there was also excitement and uncertainty, the perfect combination to inflame a man like him.
"I didn't realize how important it was to you."  Her voice quavered as he lifted her arms above her head, and she gasped as the movement ended up with her on her back while he tied her wrists to his headboard.  She was reminded of when he'd pinned her down to the bed, and she'd climaxed so intensely... except this time his hands were free and hers were not.  She was completely helpless in front of him, and it made her both more frightened and more aroused.
"Now you won't have to worry about it," he said, smiling.  The smile slowly faded as he looked over her body, laid out in front of him like a banquet.  "You're so beautiful, sweetheart.  And so delicious."
Spreading another dollop of cream on her other nipple, Philip leaned down and sucked her flesh into his mouth.  Something tightened inside Cordelia, and she cried out as her body arched.  Having her hands bound, unable to even attempt to stop him from doing whatever he wanted to with her body, made the sensations somehow seem even more intense.  Philip sucked almost viciously, his teeth kneading her sensitive nipple, and Cordelia thrashed.  It was as if her lower body was determined to make up for the immobility of her upper.
But with his big, hard body wedged between her legs, she wasn't exactly capable of a lot of movement in general.  His hands moved down to her thighs as he sucked her nipple, sliding underneath them and up to knead her buttocks, lifting her hips so that his own broad thighs could slide underneath.  It tilted her lower body so that her pussy was splayed open, wet folds nuzzling against the tip of his cock, but he did nothing more than tease her with it.
Cordelia arched, not caring how wanton she must seem, as she tried to press her body more firmly against his rigid member.  
"Please, Philip," she begged, as he released her nipple and returned his attention back to the first one.  The little bud he'd just finished suckling was a dark pink now, wet and shiny from his mouth, and aching from the rough sucking.
"Please what, sweetheart?" he asked, sucking her nipple deeply into his mouth, obviously determined it would receive the same amount of attention as the other.
"Please... I need... Oh god..."  She thrashed as he bit down on the tender bud, squeezing her bottom and pulling the cheeks apart so that one of his fingers brushed over the crinkled star of her anus.  Immediately she tensed, trying to tighten her cheeks, but his fingers were too strong.  She initially thought the touch was a mistake, until his finger came questing forward, rubbing against the private bundle of nerves.  Cordelia shrieked, thrashing again as she tried to wriggle away from the rude exploration.  "Not there, Philip!  You're touching me in the wrong spot."
Chuckling, her husband released her nipple, leaving both of the buds looking like dark, ripe berries on the soft mounds of her breasts.
"Oh no, sweetheart.  Your whole body is mine to touch and claim."  His hazel eyes bore into hers, glowing with an inner, golden light.  Cordelia quaked at the absolute confidence in them as he massaged her little hole, making her gasp with mortification.  
Marjorie had told her to be open-minded, but this was too much!  She squeaked and tried to twist away, tugging at her bonds, not even realizing that her pussy was creaming even more as Philip touched her so inappropriately.  Not that it would have mattered; Cordelia was too modest to care that it aroused her or that it felt good, in fact, that reaction would only embarrass her more.
"Mine," Philip said, his voice brooking no room for disagreement.  He scooted down the bed, settling himself between her legs.  This was something Cordelia was more comfortable with - until he slid his hands beneath her bottom and lifted her up, tucking a pillow under her to hold her in place, and pressed his mouth to the same spot his finger had been teasing!
Her body bucked as she shrieked, entirely helpless to stop him from the scandalous activity.  
Even worse, she was finally starting to notice how good it felt.
Her legs kicked, but Philip wrapped his arms around each of her thighs, his shoulders pushing against the backs of them, and he actually lifted her lower body, spreading her buttocks even further as his tongue lashed at her.  
"Please, Philip!  Nooooooo..."  Her denial was directed more to herself as her body shuddered with the kind of hot arousal that preceded an orgasm.  
But she couldn't possibly... it was too perverse, too dirty... no matter how much of a hussy she'd become, this was just wrong!
She sighed with relief as he let her body drop back down onto the pillow, and his mouth moved up to the folds of her aching pussy.  Still quivering from the shocking realization that he could pleasure her other, more private area, Cordelia was even more flabbergasted when his finger suddenly pressed against her anus as he slid his tongue up the center of her wet slit.  Crying out, her body tightened and then relaxed, allowing him to actually push his finger inside of her.
It felt so strangely full, having something inserted into her fundament; there was a slight burning sensation as her bottom hole stretched and all the nerve endings around it came to life.  
"Oh no... Philip... no, I can't... please..."  Cordelia wailed as his lips closed over her clitoris and she climaxed, humiliatingly with his finger in her bottom.
The ecstasy washed over her, swirling around her, making her bottom tighten around the invader and sending her pleasure soaring higher – and, for a few glorious moments, she forgot to be embarrassed.
******
Groaning, his mouth coated with his wife's sweet honey, Philip slid his finger out of her grasping, virginal ass.  He knew he'd outraged her sense of modesty, but he'd needed to know how she would react.  Because one day he was going to claim every last inch of her body, including that forbidden hole, and he didn't want her fighting him.  Considering her mortification and pleas, he might preserve her bottom for punishments... going by her reaction, it was sure to be effective.
Her whole body was flushed from her climax, her lips parted as she panted for breath, pussy glossy with her cream.  And he was as hard as a rock.
The pillow he'd placed under her ass tilted her up in the most delightful way, making it easy for him to press his cock to her glistening folds and slide right in, all the way to the hilt with one thrust.  Cordelia shrieked, her back arching and thrusting her breasts up to him, exposing the long line of her neck, as he rubbed himself all along her swollen, sensitive tissues.  She was delightfully sensitive from her orgasm, her clit stood out, red and puffy, from her pussy folds, and he reached down to rub the little nubbin.
The inarticulate cry she let out as her pussy clamped down around him was half pleading, half begging, with just a touch of denial.  Helpless before him, she was his to torment with erotic pleasure, his to conquer and possess, and his to use for his need.  She was so sensitive from her orgasm that touching her clit so directly made her look almost pained as she writhed for him, her pussy rippling around his cock, massaging the entire length.
Giving the little bud one last pinch, Philip leaned forward and began to plow into her as hard and fast as he wanted to - as he needed to - knowing she could take it.  Cordelia wailed as he split her open, his cock pulsing thickly with need as he pounded into her, her legs wrapping around his hips as she hung on for dear life.  He knew if her arms were free, they'd be doing the same... 
One day he was going to tie down all four limbs and play with her body to his heart's content.
The very image sent him over the edge, and he let out a hoarse cry as his seed boiled up from his balls and went shooting into her womb.  Cordelia was already shuddering around him, screaming out her own pleasure for the second time, tears leaking from her eyes at the intensity of her orgasm.  She'd enjoyed the rough ride as much as he had - maybe even more.  The knowledge had his cock squeezing out several more ropes of cream, before he half collapsed over her, his forehead pressing against her shoulder.
Cordelia whimpered, shuddering beneath him as the last quakes of her pleasure shivered through her.  Her legs tightened and released, reminding him that her arms were still bound. and his cock jerked inside of her.
Keeping her like this, tied up and at his mercy in their bed, was all too tempting.
Chapter 9
Scowling, Philip sent the maid scampering from the room to fetch Gabrielle, with the stricture that if she didn't come down for meals then from now on she would go without, and Cordelia bit her lip in worry.
"Philip, perhaps we should let her have another night..."
"No," he said firmly, taking Cordelia's hand in his, his fingers trailing over the large pearl bracelet she had on her wrist.  She wore a matching one on the other wrist, concealing the slight redness that lingered on her skin from the night before. 
Just looking at the bracelets made her blush.  She still couldn't believe some of the things he'd done to her last night.  Touching her in her most private area.  Licking her there.  Putting his finger inside of her...  And then the savage way he'd taken her afterwards... which she'd responded to with a kind of madcap passion that had her questioning her sanity.  But she'd loved it.  Loved feeling him lose control... 
Then he'd kept her tied down and crawled up to kneel over her chest, putting his half-hard member to her lips and having her lick him clean.  It had been utterly scandalous, but she'd been so hazy with pleasure, so desirous of pleasing him, that she'd done it immediately.  The taste of their sex had been decadent and wicked, and his eyes had glittered while he'd watched her do it.  
When she'd finished, his cock had been on the rise again, and he turned her onto her stomach, spanked her bottom a half dozen times - not very hard at all, but enough to remind her she'd been spanked much harder the day before - and then taken her from behind.  With her wrists still tied to the headboard. 
All of it had been shamefully exhilarating.  Which was probably why she blushed just to think of it.
Her blush deepened when Trevalen entered the drawing room, Mr. Hood directly behind him.  Not that any of them could read her thoughts, of course, but just to be thinking about such things in the presence of others...
She was not used to this at all.
"Mr. Hood," Trevalen announced before bowing and retreating.
"Felix, good to see you," Philip said, releasing Cordelia's hand and going to greet his friend, giving her a moment to compose herself. 
Philip had invited his friend over for dinner, which Cordelia was glad about.  He could have just as easily gone out and left her alone at home, with Gabrielle, but he seemed loathe to leave her.  In fact, he'd been incredibly attentive all day, seeing to her every need and being quite gentle with her.  She couldn't help but wonder if he felt guilty for how rigorous their love-making had been last night, as she'd told him she was too sore to accommodate him this morning.
Even now her womanhood throbbed gently, although she felt much more comfortable than she had earlier in the day.  Certainly she didn't mind the after effects, she felt the pleasure had been more than worth it.
"Lady Dunbury," Felix said, as Cordelia lifted her hand to meet his, and he bowed over it.  He gave her a rakish wink that had her giggling and Philip growling in mock disapproval.  
"Mr. Hood," she replied, giving him a serene smile.  As handsome and charming as he was, for her, he didn't hold a candle to her husband.  "Please, call me Cordelia.  As you are my husband's closest friend, I'd prefer to dispense with the formalities."
"Then you must call me Felix," he replied, giving Philip another grin and a wink.
His dark eyes moved to the doorway and widened, making Cordelia and Philip both turn round to see what he was looking at.  Gabrielle stood there, in a cream colored dress that made her skin look like ivory, her light brown hair seem richer in color, and her green eyes even brighter.  Of course, the brightness in her eyes might have something to do with the way they were flashing at Felix.
Sensing a tantrum, Cordelia stepped forward, putting her brightest smile on her face.  "Gabrielle, you look lovely.  I'm so glad you felt well enough to come down for dinner.  You remember Mr. Hood?"
Sniffing haughtily, Gabrielle focused on Cordelia, snubbing both Felix and Philip by not greeting either of them.  "I have a megrim, and I would have preferred a tray in my room."  She blinked, pressing her fingers delicately to her temple.
Cordelia made a noise of sympathy, but Philip gripped her arm, and she subsided, biting down on her lip again.
"Thank you for braving the pain to join us," Philip said, but, unlike Cordelia, his tone was flat and frankly disbelieving.  Gabrielle looked at him, color rising in her cheeks, and then her gaze skittered away.  "Let us adjourn to the dining room.  Felix, if you wouldn't mind leading Gabrielle in?"
"I would mind," Gabrielle snapped, her megrim apparently forgotten as she glared at Felix with plenty of heat, not looking at all pained, as he stepped forward.  His black brows snapped down, making him look quite threatening, Cordelia realized.  No wonder Gabrielle was wary of him.  After all, he had threatened to spank her before, and now that she'd experienced it under Philip's hand...
"Being rude will not get you sent to your room, but it will get you something else," Philip said, his voice stern.  All color drained from Gabrielle's face.
"Here," Cordelia said, intervening desperately.  As much as she appreciated Philip's appreciation of herself, she did think he was rather hard on Gabrielle at times.  "Philip, darling, why don't you lead Gabrielle in, and I will take Felix's arm."  She smiled at the other man.  "After all, I am the hostess for the evening, it would be unkind of me to leave our guest bereft."
Truthfully, it would only be a social faux pas if this were an actual gathering; with it being such a small and intimate dinner, Cordelia wasn't actually playing hostess, but it was the only excuse she could come up with so quickly.  Philip frowned at her, but nodded his head, acquiescing to her wish.  To her relief, although Gabrielle still looked unhappy, she didn't protest.  Despite the fact that he was the one who had actually spanked her, she obviously considered Philip the lesser of the two evils.
As Philip led the way towards the dining room, Felix smiled down at Cordelia, her slim fingers wrapped around his arm.  "I hope my friend knows how lucky he is to have such a charming and thoughtful wife."  He lowered his voice to a loud whisper, which was clearly audible despite his pretense.  "If he doesn't, you could always run away with me."
Giggling, Cordelia blushed, shaking her head at him as Philip shot a superior looking glance over his shoulder at Felix.
"As if she'd choose a scoundrel like you over an upstanding gentleman like me."
"Upstanding?"  Felix scoffed.  "Why, Cordelia, the stories I could tell you -"
"Don't you dare!"
What could have been an actual argument between friends was, instead, filled with mirth, teasing looks, and entirely empty threats.  Cordelia couldn't help but laugh at the two of them.  While Philip was certainly quick-witted on his own, Felix did bring out an even more playful side to him.  The two of them were highly entertaining together, the only tension coming from Gabrielle.  Cordelia managed to smooth over each instance of rudeness from her stepdaughter, but it was becoming more and more stressful as the meal progressed.
******
Despite enjoying having his friend over for dinner, Philip was becoming more and more concerned about both Gabrielle and his wife.  Somehow, Felix seemed to be bringing out the worst in Gabrielle, and the more charming he was, the more agitated she became, and the more conciliatory Cordelia became.  His wife was spending far too much time trying to placate her stepdaughter, to the point where she was almost dismissive of him.
It was not a pleasant feeling to have his wife more concerned with someone else's state of being over her husband's.  
Gabrielle was more than old enough to take responsibility for her own behavior, but for some reason Cordelia couldn't see that.  He realized she thought he was unnecessarily harsh with Gabrielle, but she didn't seem to realize how her own behavior fed into Gabrielle's rudeness.  It seemed if she had to choose between him and Gabrielle, Gabrielle was going to win.
Keeping a pleasant expression on his face, he did his best to ignore the way Cordelia catered to Gabrielle throughout their meal.  
He also decided he would have to have a talk with his friend later.  While Felix wasn't doing anything other than being particularly charming, it was clear his charm was grating on Gabrielle for some reason.  It seemed Felix was enjoying needling her, but it led to rudeness on Gabrielle's part, glowering on Philip's, and then Cordelia doing her best to deflect.  Which, while Felix wasn't to blame for Gabrielle's incivility, he wasn't helping the situation either, and Philip wanted to know why.
Normally, in the face of rudeness, Felix would ignore the perpetrator.  And Philip hadn't forgotten that his friend had, in a roundabout way, offered for Gabrielle with just two of Philip's hunting pups as a dowry.  At the time, Philip had thought Felix found the girl beautiful, which she was, but had been joking all the same.  Now he couldn't help but think that perhaps Felix was attracted by the disdain of a woman, since normally the female sex fawned on him.
All in all, the dinner was filled with highs and lows for Philip.  He was glad his wife and his best friend were becoming fast friends themselves, and worried over Cordelia's continued supplication to Gabrielle's moods.  Especially because he could see covering for Gabrielle's rudeness made Cordelia distressed.  Surely she realized neither he nor Felix thought Gabrielle's behavior somehow reflected upon Cordelia?
Then again, perhaps she was just worried that Gabrielle might erupt from barely concealed snideness to an actual tantrum.  Which was not her responsibility to prevent.
It was rather eye opening, even if it did leave him feeling disgruntled.
After the meal, the ladies retired to the drawing room, leaving Philip and Felix to their cigars and port.  Philip couldn't help but glower at his friend.  
"Sorry, old chap," Felix said, although he didn't exactly look abashed as he shrugged.  "Something about the girl gets under my skin."
"Well if I can't take you to task for not controlling yourself, how am I supposed to justify doing so to her?" Philip asked irritably, although that wouldn't stop him if he really felt it were necessary.  He'd been tempted to do so tonight, but Cordelia's little pleading glances had stopped him every time.  At some point, he was going to put his foot down.  If Felix hadn't been here tonight, he probably already would have, but he hadn't wanted to distress Cordelia further by asserting himself in front of company. 
"I was nothing but charm and civility personified," Felix pointed out.
"Especially after you realized how much it bothered her," Philip retorted dryly. 
His friend shrugged, giving him an unrepentant grin, but there was a crease in his forehead as well.  As if he couldn't understand why Gabrielle was so set against him.  Philip was fairly certain it had something to do with the spanking Felix had threatened her with; he was quite sure Gabrielle was the type to hold a grudge.  Although, he could certainly attest to the fact that a spanking improved her attitude somewhat.  She'd done her best to pretend Philip didn't exist, and he absolutely considered that an improvement over her previous attempts at manipulation and rudeness.
"Females," Felix said, shrugging again as he sipped his port.  "Who can understand them?"
******
"I can't believe you let that man humiliate me like that!" Gabrielle spat out, glaring at Cordelia as she stalked through the drawing room, too wound up to sit down.  
Sinking down onto the chaise, Cordelia put her fingers to her temples.  She had a throbbing headache.  The dinner had started off pleasantly enough, but by the end of it she'd been despairing of keeping the peace.  She also knew Philip wasn't happy with her for protecting Gabrielle the way she had, but at least he hadn't stopped the dinner or taken Gabrielle to task during it.  That would have only resulted in an eruption from Gabrielle and a much higher level of unpleasantness.  Yet, somehow she felt Philip was somehow disappointed in her for trying to keep things pleasant, and she didn't understand that at all. 
"Cordelia!  Are you even listening to me?!"
"Yes, Gabrielle, but I don't understand why you think Felix humiliated you," Cordelia said, rubbing her temples, which brought her a modicum of relief.
"He was mocking me the entire evening!  You know very well that he threatened to beat me, but all evening he was prodding me and pointing out all of my deficiencies!  'The balls are absolute crushes, Miss Astley, as I'm sure you'll discover.' 'Lilac is already the fashionable color of the Season, Miss Astley, did you know?' 'Everyone is talking about Kean as Shylock, perhaps you'll be able to see him this Season, Miss Astley.'"  To Cordelia's surprise, Gabrielle actually did a fairly creditable imitation of Felix's purring tones, although she didn't remember Felix sounding quite as condescending as Gabrielle's mimicry made him sound.  But if that was how Gabrielle had heard him, she could understand how Gabrielle ended up feeling mocked.
They had both been quite bereft of fashion, gossip and company under the Baron's thumb.  Although Gabrielle enjoyed being the center of attention in Hyde Park, Cordelia had noticed she'd spent most of her time asking questions of the young gentleman around her - most of whom had glowed under her attentions, not realizing her interest was because she didn't want too many questions asked of herself.  Felix's conversation, expounding on the current fashions and topics of current interest to the ton, had had entirely different effects on the two women.  
Cordelia had been intrigued, enjoying hearing about last Season's balls and the speculation over who would hold the best parties this Season and what the current fashions were.  She'd loved hearing Felix talk about the theatre and the plays; she was looking forward to attending since she'd never been to a play or an opera.  On the opposite end of the spectrum, Gabrielle had apparently felt mocked for her lack of knowledge, her own insecurities bubbling up and causing her to go on the defensive.
"I don't think he was mocking you," Cordelia said, trying to soothe Gabrielle with her own interpretation of the evening.  "He just wanted to tell us some of the things to do and see in London and to prepare us for your out ball and entrance into the ton.  He was just trying to help."
"Yes, help the poor, provincial country bumpkins," Gabrielle sneered.  "Mr. High-and-Mighty Hood to the rescue.  Of course you would think that.  He was practically falling all over you; I was shocked that Dunbury allowed it.  All three of you make me sick.  I'm going to my room, I can't stand one more minute with any of you."
"Gabrielle-" Cordelia pushed herself to a standing position as Gabrielle headed for the door.
The younger woman glared at her.  "Don't say a word.  I know you don't really want me here.  I swear, I'll take the first offer of marriage I receive, just to get out of this house."
Guilt swamped Cordelia as Gabrielle stormed out of the room.  There had been times during the dinner when she wished it had been just her, Philip, and Felix.  It would have been a much more pleasant meal without Gabrielle.  The truth pricked at her conscience. 
Yes Gabrielle had been unpleasant, but at least now Cordelia understood why.  She didn't think her stepdaughter had the right of it, but her perception was at least understandable.  
Sighing, Cordelia leaned back in the chair and closed her eyes, letting her headache dissipate.  She wasn't up to dealing with Gabrielle right now after spending an entire evening keeping the peace.  Perhaps it was better for Gabrielle to remain in her room, at least until Felix had left.
By the time the gentleman came to join her in the drawing room, Cordelia's headache had disappeared.  She made Gabrielle's excuses, which both men took at face value, and the three of them enjoyed the rest of the evening, talking and playing cards.  Since they didn't have the four players necessary for Whist, Felix had coaxed Philip into teaching her poker, an American game that was apparently scandalous for ladies to know.  
******
Their first real argument was over Gabrielle's behavior that night.  While Philip understood how she might have felt the way she did, the bare truth of the matter was that Gabrielle had taken Felix's words in the most negative interpretation possible.  His sympathy to that notwithstanding, the girl needed an attitude adjustment, but Cordelia insisted he leave it alone for now.
While part of him was pleased that Cordelia felt secure enough with him and their marriage to argue, he would prefer she be willing to argue over just about any other subject.  Gabrielle was fast becoming a sore point with him.
It wasn't just that she was rude and unappreciative, it was the way she distressed Cordelia, who bent over backwards to please her stepdaughter.  To be totally truthful, he felt a bit jealous over how solicitous Cordelia was of Gabrielle when Gabrielle treated her so badly while he felt more deserving of Cordelia’s attention.   Gabrielle didn't even acknowledge Cordelia’s ministrations, much less show any gratitude.
Fortunately, their argument didn't dampen their lovemaking at all.  He knew Cordelia thought he was being too unsympathetic to Gabrielle, but that didn't stop her from responding ardently when he kissed and caressed her.  It certainly didn't stop her passion as he urged her to explore his body and take his cock in her mouth again, before pulling her up his chest and having her ride him.
Curled around her in the darkness, Philip could at least be glad that their first disagreement didn't affect their desire for each other.  He wished he could be glad that the argument was over and done with, but he had the sinking feeling that this would not be the last time he and Cordelia came to a head about Gabrielle.  
With her come-out ball next week, her beauty, and her dowry, hopefully some honorable gentleman would feel inspired to take her off their hands.  After all, he'd seen her being pleasant enough in the park, so he knew she could be when she chose to.  Which really made her behavior at home all the less tolerable.
One of these days, Cordelia was going to have to choose between his feelings and Gabrielle's, and Philip wasn't altogether sure he would win that toss-up.
******
The day before Gabrielle's ball found Cordelia hiding from her stepdaughter.  She was at her wit's end, and she didn't know what to do.  Gabrielle was so very particular and demanding about the ball, and Gabrielle’s nerves heaped upon Cordelia's nerves about the first ball she would be throwing as the Marchioness of Dunbury, was wreaking havoc on her.  Her head was constantly throbbing, she could barely pick at her food during meals, and the only reason she slept was a combination of mental exhaustion and Philip's physical loving.
Bedtime was her favorite part of the day.  It was the only time when she was completely free of Gabrielle, and Philip spent the time making her feel glorious.  She could forget everything that was distressing her, lay all her burdens to the side, and just concentrate on the pleasure between them.  
Unfortunately, Philip had been fairly busy during the day as the Season had begun, although he had accompanied them to a small ball on Saturday night, along with Hugh and Irene.  Once Gabrielle debuted, they would begin to attend the larger soirees, assuming everything went well.  While Marjorie, Irene, and Eleanor had all been wonderful help with the ball, as much as they could, they all had their own lives to attend to as well.  It meant that Cordelia was spending much of her time engrossed in planning the ball with Gabrielle, and it was wearing on her nerves.
When Gabrielle wasn't nitpicking every last detail of the ball, she was making the most snide comments about Philip's absences during the day, his disinterest in Mr. Hood's flirting with Cordelia at that last dinner, and Cordelia's sense of fashion.  Apparently, Cordelia's favorite colors made her look sallow or washed out, Philip didn't care about Mr. Hood flirting with Cordelia because he didn't care about Cordelia herself, and his current absences during the day proved that.  Fortunately, Cordelia had the wonderful nights to keep her from becoming too insecure, but she had to admit, she'd felt lately as though Philip had been distancing himself from her.
Then again, could she blame him?  She knew she'd been doing the same.
It was just that she didn't know how to speak to him about what was going on in her day-to-day life.  She felt that he was rather severe with Gabrielle at times and unsympathetic of the girl's feelings.  While he'd been right about Gabrielle putting Felix's words in the worst possible light, Philip had the tendency to do the same thing to Gabrielle.  Since her days were currently filled with Gabrielle and the upcoming ball, it meant that she had very little to speak with him about unless she wanted him to think even more negatively about Gabrielle.  Which she didn't.  The tension between the two of them only caused her more distress.  
She was used to the role of peacemaker; unfortunately, Philip's trenchant disapproval and Gabrielle's glowering within his presence and her outright animosity when he was absent, made Cordelia's usual role impossible.  
Which was how she ended up hiding herself away in the smallest room on the main floor of the house - a small, card room that was so unused there were cloths covering the two chairs, single table, and chaise.  The room itself was a bit dusty, but Cordelia didn't care.  It was quiet and, above all, private.
So when the door suddenly opened, she jumped, her heart pounding.  Her anxiety didn't go away when she saw her husband in the doorway instead of Gabrielle.  The confusion on his face was evident, and she knew he was wondering why she was hidden away in a closed up room, and she didn't have a good explanation for him.
To her surprise, that wasn't the first question he asked.
"Cordelia, darling, what's wrong?" were the first words from his lips, his brow creased as he came forward and put his cool hands on either side of her face.
She let out a puff of air as his thumbs replaced her fingers over her temples, soothing away the lingering tightness and finally relieving her entirely of her headache.  Cordelia closed her eyes, practically humming with appreciation as her anxiety was forgotten under the caress of Philip's wonderful hands.
"Just a bit of a megrim," she said, happy to have an easy and honest answer.  "How did you know I was in here?"
"I came looking for you, and one of the maids said she saw you in this hall.  I've been looking in every room."
Cordelia stifled a groan.  If one of the staff had seen her, that meant Gabrielle could probably find her just as easily.
"Sweetheart," her husband said, his voice becoming just a touch sterner.  "What are you doing hiding away in here?"
With her eyes closed, her headache soothed, it was somehow easier to tell Philip everything that was wrong.  Once she got started, it was as though she couldn't stop; the words coming in a confused tumult as he sat down on the chaise beside her and gathered her into his arms.  She didn't want him to think worse of Gabrielle, but she'd been holding all her tension inside of her for so long that once she began to release it, it was as though she couldn't hold anything back.
Just venting the problems gave her relief.  
******
Although he'd relieved his wife's tension, Philip was consumed by his own strain once Cordelia had explained.  
"Sweetheart," he said, trying to keep his voice as gentle as possible despite the thread of anger and - yes - hurt that had worked its way through his chest.  "Why haven't you told me how difficult Gabrielle is being?"
"Well..." she hesitated, and his frown deepened.  He was no longer going to be able to put up with her prevarications on the subject of Gabrielle, not if this was the result.  The bags under her eyes had grown much darker in the past few days, and she'd barely been eating; he'd assumed it was just the stress of the upcoming ball since that's what she'd implied during their conversations.  Now he knew that Gabrielle had been piling onto that stress, and Cordelia had not only been allowing it, but she'd been hiding it from him!  "I supposed because she's my responsibility and-"
"No," he interrupted her, determined to put an end to this once and for all.  He was the head of the household, and he'd obviously been too lenient already, allowing this nonsense to continue.  Apparently, the first spanking Cordelia had received for putting Gabrielle ahead of herself, to her own detriment, had not made enough of an impact.  "She is our responsibility.  I came into this marriage expecting a partnership, where we should share our burdens, not where you would hide them from me."
He couldn't keep the disappointment and the little bit of hurt from his tone.  Philip wanted to be the person his wife came to, the one that she would lean on, but instead she was concealing part of her life from him, and he truly didn't understand why.  While he might be occasionally harsh with Gabrielle, he was also fair, and he certainly didn't expect anything from her that he wouldn't expect from any other well-bred, young lady.
While part of him understood that Cordelia was unused to support from her husband and had been dealing with Gabrielle on her own for years now, he thought he'd shown her that he would be a different kind of husband to her.  He thought she understood.  Now he couldn't help but feel both a little rejected by the fact that she had sought to hide her troubles from him rather than share them, and pained that she might have lumped him into the same category as the late Baron.
Twisting slightly so she could look at him, her eyes imploring, as she registered the hurt in his voice.
"I didn't mean... I didn't think..."  Her voice tapered off because of course she had meant to hide it from him and of course she had thought that was for the best.  
Philip appreciated that she didn't try to lie to him, but that wasn't going to make him any more lenient with her.  If nothing else, there were two things he was determined his wife would learn.  The first was that they would share their lives together and be able to turn to each other for support, and the second was that there was no good reason for allowing anything to have a detrimental effect on her health.
It would be so easy to turn her over his lap and imprint those lessons on her bottom immediately, but Philip decided it was best to take her back to the bedroom.  More privacy, and obviously his hand hadn't made enough of an impression last time.
Helping her up, Philip's lips thinned.  As much as he loved spanking Cordelia, the disciplinary spankings were much less fun than the erotic ones.
"Come," he said firmly, taking her hand in his, ignoring the adorable way she bit her lip as she looked up at him.  "We'll talk this over further in the bedroom."
Chapter 10
Draped over her husband's knee, skirts about her hips, Cordelia already wished she had gone to Philip when Gabrielle had started to become too much for her to handle.  Yes, he was sometimes unsympathetic to the young woman, but Cordelia knew that, on the other hand, she was too lenient, and she really could have used her husband's firm demeanor to help handle Gabrielle's demands for her debut ball.
And now, Cordelia was going to be spanked, instead of Gabrielle.
"After all, it's not Gabrielle's fault that you didn't come to me," Philip said, rubbing his hand over the firm curve of Cordelia's buttock.  "You could have come to ask for my assistance, with her or with the ball, at any time.  Instead, you chose to deliberately omit what was causing you such distress when we conversed."  The disapproval in his voice hurt almost more than his hand when it came down on her creamy flesh.
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
Cordelia squirmed and gasped, tears springing to her eyes as the swats smarted.  The worst part was the dread hanging over her, because before he'd settled her into place over his knees, Philip had gotten a flat-backed, square hairbrush from her dressing table and placed it beside him on the bed.  As much as his hand hurt, she couldn't imagine how much that unyielding wood would!
"I'm sorry," she said, utterly sincere and regretful she'd let things get so out of hand before speaking with him.  Indeed, if he hadn't caught her at a vulnerable moment, she probably would have continued to do so, and she knew it. 
She also realized it was wrong of her.
After all, if she wanted a different relationship with Philip than she'd had with her late husband, it was incumbent upon her to act differently as well.  While she might think Philip too harsh, she wasn't giving him much of a chance to do things differently either, by keeping things from him until the situation escalated to where he felt harsh was necessary.  She’d become used to hiding things from her first husband, especially when it came to her incompetence at keeping Gabrielle under control, even though he’d undermined her constantly.  Philip had been supportive of her from the start, but she had still fallen back into the habit of hiding her failings.
"I wasn't thinking... I should have come to you."
"Yes, you should have," Philip said, his hand caressing her bottom, which was still tingling from the initial smacks, making her tingle in an entirely different way.  It gave her the slight hope that perhaps this spanking wouldn't be as bad as the last time she'd been given a punishment.  "I hope that this will help you to remember in the future to both take better care of yourself and to not hide your troubles from me."
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
Any hope Cordelia had had of a lighter punishment went flying out the window as Philip's hand came down, firmly and painfully, on her upturned bottom.  Tears began to roll down her cheeks, but, despite her squirming, she did her best to stay in place.  She felt she deserved the pain, because she knew she'd caused Philip an emotional hurt - she could hear it in his voice.  They both needed this to get past this moment, and perhaps being spanked would give her incentive to go to him in the future, before the situation had spun out of control.
Those worthy emotions slowly began to dissolve as her bottom turned from a blushing pink to a more rosy hue, each slap of his palm against the tender skin making her cry out.  
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
Her squirming changed to small kicks, and she began to plead with him, begging him to stop, promising she'd learned her lesson.  
"Pleeeeeeeeease, Philip!" she begged, as his hand on the small of her back held her in place, his firm swats to her burning backside continuing unrelenting.  "I'm so-so-sorry!  I won't do it again!"
It felt like her bottom was swollen, the skin was so heated and tight from his swats.  His paddle-like hand had traveled up and down her buttocks, from the very top of the curving mounds down to the sensitive patch between her arse and her thighs.  The slaps there were the worst, making her shriek and buck as her sit-spots blazed red-hot.
Her fingers scrabbled against the rug, her legs kicking, and she no longer felt quite so bravely stoic about taking her punishment like a good girl.  She just wanted it to be over with, and she was sure that she would never, ever, ever give Philip a reason to discipline her like this again!
The worst part was when he finally stopped, leaving her bottom a fiery mass, and his fingers brushed over her womanhood and came away slick.  Cordelia moaned in embarrassment, still unable to fathom why her body would have such a reaction.  During the more fun spankings, the ones that tingled and burned without becoming truly punishing, she could understand - but now?  It was incomprehensible, and she found the betrayal of her body more than a little shameful.
At least she knew she wasn't alone.  Philip's cock, which had been somewhat hard since he'd laid her over his lap, jerked to fully erect against her soft stomach as his fingers delved into her wetness. 
"Almost done, sweetheart," he said, his tender voice belying how unyielding his hand had been during the spanking.
"Almost?" she cried out, wriggling again, trying to get her poor bottom away from him.
"Four more with the hairbrush," he said firmly.  "Since this is the second time we've had to talk about this."
Before she could squeal or protest, the hard, flat back of the brush smacked against her already seared bottom and she shrieked.  The next blows followed, just as hard and just as shocking.
THWAP!  THWAP!  THWAP!
The last three came in quick succession, so fast she didn't even have time to draw breath, and then she was sobbing as the scorching blast of heat from where the hairbrush had landed sank in.  Her toes curled as she struggled to assimilate how much more than Philip's hand the hairbrush had hurt.  She hadn't even realized that was possible!
******
Although it was perhaps not the most productive way of delivering his message, Philip couldn't stop himself from rubbing his hand comfortingly over the hot cheeks of his wife's gorgeous, cherry-red arse as he murmured soothing words to her.  She'd been a very good girl and taken her spanking very well, she was very brave, and he was proud of her.  Slowly her sobs softened as his hand stroked her, fingers getting closer and closer to the soft petals between her legs.
Philip had no doubt she was wet.  While a harsh spanking hurt and he knew she didn't enjoy it, her body's natural reaction to his dominance and her punishment was to prepare itself for him.  It was truly delightful, and knowing that a spanking made her cream for him made him all the more aroused.  She submitted beautifully to him, in a way that had his cock hard and ready to take her the moment the spanking was over.
But, of course, he wasn't cruel.  He would give her some time to compose herself, while he admired the dark pink hue of her arse against the pale cream of her skin.
Besides, he still had a point to drive home.
Dipping his fingers deep into her pussy, he nearly groaned as she clenched around him, her cream coating the invading digits.  Pulling them free, he pressed them against her tighter orifice, making Cordelia squeal and try to pull free from him again.  She truly did not like to be touched there, which made it all the more effective as a deterrent for the future.  Philip could be completely sure he had her full attention as his fingers speared her bottom, two of them delving deep into that tight, little star.  
"Philip!"  Her voice was husky from crying but still managed to get across her embarrassed outrage as her hole squeezed his fingers tightly, trying to dislodge them.  She tried to put her hands behind her back, but it offset her balance, and she quickly placed them back on the floor.
"I want to make sure I have your full attention, Cordelia," he said, his own voice hoarse with desire.  He twisted his fingers back and forth, ignoring her adorable, little squeal as he stretched her virgin hole.  "The next time we have to address this issue, both the outside and the inside of your bottom will be punished.  Do you understand?"
There was a long moment, and even though he couldn't see her face, he was sure she was nibbling on her lower lip, the way she did when she couldn't figure out what to say.  She was probably wondering what he could do to punish the inside of her bottom.  Philip thought it more prudent to leave her guessing; leaving a consequence up to a person's imagination could often be much more motivating than explicit threats.
"Cordelia, do you understand?" he pumped his fingers a few times, savoring the feel of her tight hole as it quivered from the novel sensations.
"Yes!" she cried out, trying to wriggle away again.  This time he let her, letting his fingers slide from her body.  She slumped in relief and then yelped in surprise as he picked her up, turning her so she was now bent over the bed, rather than over his legs.
With her skirts still bunched around her hips, they made a nice frame for the glowing red cheeks of her bottom as she peeked over her shoulder at him.  Her eyes were still a bit red and swollen from crying, her lips puffy, but there was definitely a spark of uncertain interest in her look.
"Philip?"  Her eyes widened in surprise, and then she dropped her head, lifting her chastised bottom up as if offering it to him.  Between her legs, her pussy was slick with her cream, her pouty lips swollen.  
He was damn well blessed to have a wife who not only read his intent, but welcomed it.
It was only the work of a moment to free his cock from his trousers, and then, without bothering to undress further, Philip pressed the seeping head to the entrance of her heat and thrust inward.  
Hard.
They both groaned as he split her open with the one thrust, his groin pressing up against the hot cheeks of her bottom while her inner muscles squeezed his cock tightly.  He gripped her hips, the heels of his palms pressing tightly enough against her reddened cheeks to make them white where his hands dug in.
There was no foreplay, no gentle caresses, just the pressing need her spanking had awakened in both of them.  Philip held her tightly, her body trapped between the mattress and his punishing thrusts, her red bottom bouncing as it slapped against his groin, her pussy clenching and massaging the length of his cock as he rutted her deep and hard.
Everything about her made him lose control, and her body welcomed it.
******
Despite the pain, despite the throbbing and stinging - especially as Philip's hard thrusts slapped against her already raw skin - Cordelia could feel an intense climax swirling in her belly.  Despite... or maybe because of it, as if the jagged edges of discomfort somehow made the pleasure sharper, sweeter.  Even the tingling of her more intimate hole, from where Philip had plundered with his fingers, and the lingering burn from being stretched seemed to feed into the chaotic need that was tightening her insides.
She felt so small and helpless, bent over before him, and found that to be even more exciting as he had his way with her.  Every part of her felt like it was on fire, but a much more pleasurable fire than the spanking had been.  
The rough thrusts of his cock gliding in and out of her body pressed against her nerves in the most incredible manner, finding a particular spot that had her jerking and sobbing again at the intense sensation.  Her fingers dug into the mattress as he took her, and her imagination supplied what they must look like right now, with him playing the part of a stallion and her a mare, and the mental image sent her soaring physically.
Her nipples ached, although they hadn't been touched, and her bottom hole tingled, her buttocks throbbed, and she screamed his name as her entire being stiffened around him - and then released. 
The climax was so intense it was as if all the blood rushed away from her head, leaving her dizzy, making her vision hazy as black spots and white lightning danced around it.  She cried out again as she felt him thrust impossibly hard, burying himself inside of her, throbbing and pulsing as he filled her with his seed.
Her legs and body felt limp as he rubbed himself against her, reigniting the fire in her bottom as he pumped every last drop of his climax into her channel.  Cordelia whimpered as his body collapsed over hers, pressing against every heated inch of her.  The after effects of her pleasure shuddered through her, leaving her tingling and sated. 
Philip's hands slid up her arms, and she moved her arms down so their fingers could intertwine as their breathing returned to normal.  She could feel his chest moving against her back, his nose and lips nuzzling against the back of her neck, and she hummed happily.  And then winced as he shifted and her bottom protested. 
"I wasn't too rough, was I sweetheart?" he asked, concern laced through his voice. 
Cordelia was rather surprised he was asking.  "Um... well the hairbrush was a lot more painful than I thought it would be."
His body vibrated as he chuckled.  "Not your spanking, darling, you earned every bit of that.  But, after."  He gave his hips a little roll as if to demonstrate, and Cordelia gasped as another shudder of pleasure went through her.
Heat rose in her cheeks.
"No, that was um... not too rough," she mumbled, blushing furiously.
Her husband breathed a sigh of relief, stirring a bit of awe inside of her again.  While Philip might spank her, she knew that he only did it for her own good, and otherwise, he took such incredible care with her.  While her late husband had been utterly indifferent to the pain he caused her in their marital relations, Philip brought her to incredible ecstasy and then still worried he might have caused her discomfort.  Although, if he'd wanted to cause a bit less discomfort to her bottom, she wouldn't have been opposed to that.  Even if she did recognize she'd earned the punishment.
Cordelia winced as she straightened up, her skirts brushing down over her sensitive bottom.  Even the soft fabric of her chemise felt rough as it moved against her skin.  She started to reach for her knickers, but Philip got there before her.
"No, no knickers," he said, tossing them aside.  "Maybe if I'd continued that rule, you would have paid better attention to all the others."
She blushed, pressing her thighs together as a bit of fluid leaked down her thigh.  "But-"  
"No.  No knickers.  No skipping meals.  No hiding things from me.  No neglecting your health.  No more allowing Gabrielle to run you ragged.  If it bothers you, you won’t forget that you’re not wearing any and you'll have less trouble remembering to follow the other rules as well."
From the way her cheeks flamed - both sets now! - she knew he spoke the truth in a manner of speaking.  Although titillating, it was also impossible not to be aware that she was bare beneath her skirts.  It was certainly a very visceral reminder of Philip's rules - none of which were unreasonable.
"Now," he said, offering her his arm.  "Let us adjourn downstairs, and I'll have the servants bring us a snack."
About to protest that she wasn't hungry, Cordelia took one look at her husband's face and swallowed her words.  She didn't doubt he would consider a denial to be a flouting of the rules that he'd just reiterated.  So she took his arm and went meekly with him.  After all, eating a little something couldn't hurt.  She'd barely had anything for breakfast, or the night before at dinner.
******
They were in the drawing room, his wife firmly ensconced on his lap, while he fed her biscuits and tea by hand, when Gabrielle came storming in.  
"Cordelia! -" Obviously in high dudgeon, Gabrielle still came to a stumbling halt when she realized Philip was in the room as well.  However she'd come by the knowledge of Cordelia's whereabouts, it was obvious she hadn't been informed that her stepmother wasn't alone.  From the haughty, demanding tone she'd used upon her entrance, and her face when she saw him, was all the proof Philip needed to know that Gabrielle had been acting very differently when he was around versus when Cordelia was alone with her.  "I ah..."
Trying to wriggle off of Philip's lap, his wife hissed as her bottom shifted against his thighs.  He wrapped his arm firmly around her.  Gabrielle was old enough to practice common courtesy, including knocking, and not just rushing into the room and berating her stepmother.  Besides, Cordelia wasn't finished eating, and he'd been enjoying feeding her while she was on his lap.
Realizing that her husband wasn't going to release her, Cordelia straightened up, hiding a wince.  If it wasn't for the blush on her cheeks, no one would realize that she was at all discomfited by the fact that she was on her husband's lap.
"Yes, Gabrielle?" she said, as coolly collected as if she was properly seated beside Philip, rather than atop him.  He was amused enough by his wife's reaction, not to mention pleased at the way she'd taken control of the situation, to let her handle this.  
Besides, it was probably good for Gabrielle to be handled by her stepmother.  He was willing to spank the necessary behavior into her backside if he had to, but there was no way to force respect, and grudging acceptance was no real substitute for it.
"I ah..." Gabrielle cleared her throat, obviously gathering herself together.  When she spoke again, it was in a tone much less antagonistic than her initial approach.  "The flowers for tomorrow have arrived, and they aren't the right color."
She held out her hand in front of her, which was filled with a pink and cream bouquet.
"They look correct," Cordelia said, sounding confused.  Philip could have wished she had a little more confidence in her voice; he wasn't sure she even realized how often she phrased her words to defer to Gabrielle.  On the other hand, spanking her every time she did it to relieve her of the habit was hardly the way to instill the proper respect in her stepdaughter.  "Pink and ivory roses."
"The pink is all wrong!"  Gabrielle said, a touch of panic in her voice.  She was staring straight at Cordelia now, as if she could pretend Philip wasn't there at all, although at least her tone wasn't insulting, the way he was sure it would have been if he hadn't been there.  "It's too dark."
"It's too late to order new ones, and I think the dark pink will be lovely against your dress," Cordelia said gently, squirming slightly again on Philip's lap, as if she wanted to get up.  He wasn't inclined to let her and tightened his grip on her waist, just a touch.
Gabrielle threw the bouquet down to the floor.  "You just want my whole night to be ruined!"
She turned to run, and Philip's voice thundered out.  "Gabrielle!"
Freezing, almost as if she'd forgotten he was there, Gabrielle slowly turned her head, her body still angled towards the door.  She looked very much like a deer who had just recognized a predator in its vicinity. 
Cordelia turned her head towards him too, whispering urgently.  "Philip, please... she's just nervous, it's a big night for her.  Possibly the biggest of her life.  It’s understandable that she’s frightened and acting out.  Just this once… please."
Gritting his teeth, Philip swallowed down some of his anger.  Not because he truly believed Gabrielle deserved the leniency - she needed to learn to control her behavior - but because he wanted to prove to Cordelia that she could come to him and trust him to take her wishes into consideration when he gave her his support.  
"You know that what you just accused Lady Dunbury of was both unfair and untrue," he said sternly, wrestling inwardly with his temper.  "Apologize.  Now."
To her credit, Gabrielle actually managed to sound sincere, her lower lip wobbling a bit.  "I'm sorry.  I do know you don't actually want my night ruined."
The apology actually made Philip think a little better of her.  
"I don't, and it won't be," Cordelia said, smiling at Philip and then turning her smile to Gabrielle.   Which made him feel like the king of the world, that he'd managed to please her.  Even if it chafed him.  "I really do think the dark pink will look well."
"Thank you," Gabrielle said softly, turning to go again.
"Gabrielle," Philip said, his voice holding a note of warning.  She paused in her step, her head turning slightly, although she didn't turn all the way back around to look at him.  "While you might be anxious, you must still behave as a lady.  Another display of temper like that and you'll receive a much less pleasant reminder of that."
Nodding her understanding, Gabrielle scampered from the room as Cordelia turned doleful eyes to him.
"Did you have to threaten her like that?  She's just insecure and probably a bit frightened about tomorrow."
"Which doesn't excuse her behavior," he said firmly.  "I followed your lead just now, as you asked, but she should know that continuing in such a manner will have consequences.  That's part of a partnership.  You think I'm too harsh, and I think you're too lenient, so if we both get our way it should be a perfect balance."
He tapped his finger on the end of her nose, startling a giggle from her.  Shifting on his lap, she winced again, and he knew her sore bottom was paining her.  As if it reminded her how effective Philip's methods were, she wrinkled her nose and sighed. 
"Very well, Philip."
Chapter 11
The dinner before Gabrielle's debut was just as nerve-wracking for Cordelia as it was for Gabrielle.  Although, at least she'd managed to eat something during the day so that she didn't feel faint.  Well, really, Philip had fed her.  He'd dragged her away from the preparations, giving her a swift swat to her still-sore bottom when she'd protested - to ensure that she did.  For some reason, he took great delight in having her on his lap while he held the food up for her to eat.  It had been adorable yesterday, today she'd wanted to kick him because there had been so much to do and she'd felt quite pressed for time, but once supper time arrived, she'd been grateful for it.  If he hadn't, she didn't know if she'd have made it through the arrival of all their guests.
The dinner was a rather exclusive affair of only fifty guests, whereas five hundred invitations had been issued for the ball, over four hundred of which had been accepted.  To help with both Cordelia and Gabrielle's nerves, the dinner invitations had consisted of close friends and family.  
Philip was seated next to Gabrielle, with Hugh on her other side.  Cynthia was across from her between Lord Hyde and Lord Irving, all men Gabrielle had at least met and should feel comfortable with.  Cordelia had been pleased Philip had taken such an interest in the seating arrangements - although she knew his main motivation had been to surround Gabrielle with people he trusted.  Still, he'd agreed when Cordelia had insisted Felix not be one of Gabrielle's dinner partners.  While Cordelia found him quite charming, after their last fiasco of a meal together, it was obvious Gabrielle did not. 
Instead, Felix was beside Cordelia, with the Earl of Spencer on her other side.  Across from her was Marjorie, between Lord Brooke and Walter Hood, the middle brother in Felix's family.  The elder Mr. Hood was as alike in looks to his brother as if they'd been made from the same mold.  He had the exact same dramatically dark hair and eyes as Felix; although, unlike his younger brother, he evinced no interest in fashion or gossip; he had his own measure of charm even if he was a bit more serious-minded than Felix.  But despite the intimidating dark looks of the Hood brothers, Lord Brooke was even more formidable.
Although his hair was auburn and he had kind hazel eyes, his face looked like it had been carved from a rock.  The only time he smiled was when he looked down the table at his wife, an absolutely gorgeous creature with a stunning combination of raven-wing black hair and bright blue eyes.  Eleanor had introduced her to Cordelia as Grace, stating that they were best friends and she was sure the two of them would find much in common as well.  Then she'd winked.  Cordelia wasn't sure if that meant what she thought it did - considering she and Eleanor had just finished a whispered conversation about spankings before the Brookes had arrived, but she could definitely imagine Lord Brooke being the type.  He was a very imposing man and that knowledge just made her more nervous around him.
Fortunately, Lord Spencer and Felix made up most of the conversation with her, while Brooke and the elder Mr. Hood occupied themselves with Marjorie and the ladies on their other sides, so Cordelia didn't have to address the stone-faced Lord Brooke directly.
Spencer was telling her about some of his travels in India, leaving her in awe as he recounted the time he'd come face to face with a tiger in their wild jungles, when Brooke snorted, interjecting himself into their conversation for the first time.
"Every time you tell that story, the tiger gets bigger and bigger in the telling.  As do its teeth."
"They do not," Lord Spencer said indignantly, scowling across the table at his friend, before turning to give Cordelia a rakish smile.  Even though she was very happily married, her heart fluttered a little.  The Earl of Spencer was a very dangerous man.  "Don't listen to Alex, my lady, he has no appreciation for a good story."
"A good story is an honest story," Lord Brooke said haughtily, but then he winked at Cordelia, and she and Marjorie both started laughing.  While he might be intimidating to look upon, anyone who was on a first-name basis with the Earl of Spencer must have a bit of a rogue in him.  Even if it only evidenced itself in a wink.
"Were its teeth really so very long?" Marjorie asked.
"Nearly as long as his tale," Felix quipped, sending their part of the table into spurts of laughter at his clever pun.  Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Philip looking down the length of the table at them curiously, and she smiled back at him.  She thought she saw Gabrielle scowl, but the young woman turned away too quickly for Cordelia to be sure.
Grinning, despite the jests, Lord Spencer just reached for his wine, shaking his head at their laughter.  He winked at Marjorie.  "They wouldn't be so quick to laugh if they'd been there.  I'm a hero really."
The way he said it set them all laughing again, as was his intention. 
After that, Felix and Lord Spencer began competing to tell the tallest tales, with Brooke and the elder Mr. Hood interjecting with wry observations.  The women giggled helplessly at their antics.  Once they'd run out of tall tales, it became a competition for who had been the worst child, as far as Cordelia could tell, although she was sure they would had described it as a competition for inventiveness during childhood.
"What about the exploding fish bladder?" Mr. Hood said, in reply to one of Felix's stories.  "That one got nearly got you horse-whipped."
"And I would have deserved it," Felix said, before turning and giving Cordelia a sly look.  "But that one truly wasn't my fault, it was Philip's!"
"No!" she gasped.  Her husband didn't seem the type to play such a prank.
"Oh yes," Felix said, nodding.  "I've always managed to bring out the best in him."
"I think you mean the worst," his brother countered.  "Poor Philip got into so much trouble after the two of you became friends..."
"Only because I had your and Thomas' examples to follow," Felix pointed out, referencing their eldest brother, who was seated farther down the table. 
"I can't imagine," Cordelia said, shaking her head at the idea of a mischievous Philip.  Well, there were times when a more playful side of him came through, but getting into trouble?  Him?
Felix leaned towards her conspiratorially.  "That's because he's naturally serious.  It's up to you and me to keep him on his toes."
Laughing again, Cordelia smiled at Felix, glad to have found a friend in him since he was so close to Philip.  Despite his description of Philip as the more serious one, she could tell he was exerting more effort than he usually would to make her laugh and help her relax through the meal.  He might be the more playful of the two, but she knew very well that he wasn’t naturally this silly.  She'd seen the raised eyebrows his brother had given him, more than once, at his more outrageous statements.  But it worked; she couldn't possibly be anxious when she was enjoying herself so much.  
She only hoped Gabrielle and Philip were enjoying themselves as much as she was.
******
Philip had to admit, he was impressed with Gabrielle.  Having sat through an entire meal with her and then the reception line into the ball, he'd finally witnessed a side of her that he actually liked.  Cynthia had reached out to her conversationally, her usual dismissal of tonnish conversation moors cutting through the trivialities usually exchanged during dinner.  The Earl of Irving had seemed both amused and taken aback by her frank talk, but Gabrielle had certainly enjoyed it.
He hoped she didn't take Cynthia as an example to be followed, but it had been refreshing to hear the young woman actually converse instead of whine or demand.  Upon realizing she was quite knowledgeable about hounds and horses, despite the fact that Philip knew from Cordelia she didn't ride, Hugh had perked up and entered the conversation more fully.  He and Lord Hyde had apparently been to a race recently, down at Newmarket, and Gabrielle had lapped up their stories like a kitten who had just discovered cream. 
The blatant approval of the men and their interest in speaking with her seemed to spark a kind of transformation within her.  While she didn't flirt with them, the way she had with Philip, he could almost see her looking to them for a kind of approval.  
Fatherly approval, he had realized, by the time the plates had been cleared.  Hugh and Lord Hyde were both older than him, although nowhere near old enough to be her father, but still.  She'd vied for their attention, seemed surprised when it was given, and then turned into a delightful young lady right before his eyes.
The good behavior had held through the receiving line where she'd been introduced to all the arriving guests, looking sweetly demure in her ivory gown trimmed with light pink ribbon.  She'd even told Cordelia that she'd decided the contrast between the dark pink roses and her light pink ribbon was just as pretty as Cordelia had predicted.
In fact, Gabrielle's behavior could almost be described as angelic... right up until Felix joined them just as they were about to enter the ballroom.  Philip assumed because he wanted to get the leg up on the other gentleman there; it was the kind of trick he would pull.  
"Lady Gabrielle," he said, bowing formally.  "You look lovely this evening.  I would be honored to claim one of your dances."
Instead of holding out the dance card and little pencil that were hanging from a string on her wrist, Gabrielle put her hand behind her back as her chin went up haughtily.  "Would you?"
Philip shifted, but Cordelia tugged at his arm, grabbing his attention.  
"Let them work it out," she whispered.  There was a strange kind of delight in her eyes as she studied Felix, who was staring down at Gabrielle with a kind of astonishment in his eyes at her implied rejection.  Philip had to admit, he did rather enjoy seeing Felix gaping like a fish.  Very different from the debonair smoothness of his usual approach to a lady.  Since Gabrielle had only been a little rude, Philip decided to let it pass.  Especially as Felix wasn't looking to him for help.  In fact, he seemed completely focused on Gabrielle now.
His friend's eyes flashed stormily as he straightened up, but the emotion smoothed away as his social mask dropped down.
"Your dance card, Lady Gabrielle?"  There was more than a hint of an order in his voice.  Also a challenge.  
Her lip curling, Gabrielle slowly lifted her arm in front of her, the card and pencil dangling.  Taking it in hand, Felix quickly scribbled his name down - and then again as Gabrielle made a protesting noise and tried to tug it away.  Grinning with triumph, Felix dropped the card and pencil and sketched another bow. 
"I'll see you all inside," he said, turning and slipping into the ballroom.
Going by her red cheeks and clenched fists, Philip assumed they were about to be treated to a Gabrielle outburst.  
"It's a good thing I'm already opening the dancing with you," he said to Gabrielle, successfully distracting her.  "Otherwise, I might not get a turn."
While her cheeks were still pink, this time it was for a different reason.  At his side, Cordelia was beaming up at him, and it occurred to him that he'd just used one of her tactics for dealing with Gabrielle rather than his own.  As Gabrielle demurely took his arm, ready to be led into her ball, he decided Cordelia's tactics did have their benefit.
He really would have hated to have to discipline Gabrielle at her own debut into Society.
******
Cordelia smiled up at her husband as they danced.  It had been nearly an hour since they'd even spoken, both of them busy with their duties to their guests - as well as the fact that it was extremely unfashionable for spouses to spend any time together.  More than one person was watching them with a bit of shock and awe as they moved around the ballroom floor.  Cordelia didn't care; she'd rather be dancing with her husband than trying to please the gossips.
"Are you enjoying yourself this evening?" Philip asked, as their movement came together.  Since Gabrielle did not yet have permission to waltz, although Lady Jersey had promised them vouchers to Almack's for next Wednesday so Cordelia was sure that permission from one of the patronesses would be forthcoming, Cordelia had decreed that there would be no waltzing during her come-out ball.  It wouldn't have been fair to Gabrielle.  Unfortunately, it did mean that conversation could be rather limited, as no other dance allowed partners to focus on each other so exclusively.
"Very much," she said, smiling up at him.  Even more than she'd thought possible.  Although she'd been nervous as she'd circulated among the guests without him, there had always been someone by her side.
Marjorie at first, then Philip's cousin Eleanor had replaced her, followed by Irene, and then Hugh.  Felix and Eleanor's husband, Lord Hyde, had also made their way to her side for short intervals as she'd moved around the ballroom, making her feel wonderfully comfortable as she always had someone she knew with her.  Even Lord and Lady Brooke had spent some extra time with her; with his wife on his arm, the man was much more approachable.  It was amazing what a difference all their support had made to her anxieties, and she knew she had Philip to thank for their attentions.
She'd noted that all of them had been keeping an eye on Gabrielle, although it was Cynthia and the Earl of Spencer who were spending most of their time with her.  Another young woman, Arabella, only sister of the Duke of Manchester, had also inserted herself at Gabrielle's side.  The two of them together were a striking pair, Gabrielle with her light brown hair and green eyes beside Arabella’s dark brown hair and bright hazel eyes.  Arabella was a bit older than the other debutantes, as her father had passed away last year and the family had just come out of mourning.  Arabella's ball was next week and was considered a major event of the season, due to her social position.  Cordelia was happy to see that Gabrielle appeared to be enjoying both Cynthia and Arabella's company.  Perhaps their bonding had something to do with the fact that they'd all been through the loss of their parents.
Of course, Cordelia had as well, but she and Gabrielle had never managed to bond over that, much to her regret.  Still, she now felt Philip's friends appreciated her company for herself and not just because he asked them to keep a weather eye on her.  It felt wonderful to have friends beyond Marjorie, although she knew Marjorie would always be her dearest friend.  She'd been the one to take Cordelia in and protect her from the new Baron, after all, as well as the instigator of Cordelia's introduction to Philip.  
Seeing that Philip was distracted, Cordelia turned her head to see where he was looking. 
Gabrielle had decided to sit out of the dance set.  Standing with Arabella, the two ladies were in the middle of a cluster of young men, and for some reason Philip was now frowning at them.  While the Earl of Spencer was there, he was standing slightly off to the side, his head bowed down as he spoke to his wife, and his focus was obviously entirely on her.  Cynthia was glaring up at him, her arms crossed underneath her bosom, although Cordelia had the strangest feeling there was something mischievous about the Countess' demeanor.
"What's wrong?" she asked Philip, feeling just a spark of irritation that Gabrielle had managed to distract him during their dance.  After all, it was the first time she'd been able to truly spend time with him since the beginning of the evening.
"Nothing.  Felix has it in hand," Philip said, with every evidence of relief as his friend approached the group, settling himself next to Gabrielle.  Cordelia made an irritated noise, because she wanted to know what had drawn Philip's attention in the first place, but the dance had them moving away from each other for several steps.
When they came back together, his focus was entirely back on her, and she struggled with whether or not to bring up whatever had distracted him.  On one hand, she wanted to know, on the other, she wanted his attention.  
Curiosity won out.
"What was wrong?" she asked again, keeping her voice low.  Perhaps he just didn't want others to overhear.
"Nothing for you to worry about," he said.  Which made her want to kick him.  If they were to be partners in this marriage, shouldn't he tell her?  "There are some things a lady doesn't need to know."
Blast.
One of Eleanor's favorite curses, which Cordelia had learned from her.  Not that she ever said it in the hearing of her husband, her brother, or any of their friends.  But it was somehow satisfying just to think it.  At least it helped relieve a bit of her temper at Philip's words, which had had a ring of finality to them.  Whatever had concerned him, it must have had something to do with one or more of the men around Gabrielle and it was something that a gentleman wouldn't discuss with a lady.  There were, Cordelia knew, a great many of those things. 
When the dance ended, Philip immediately headed towards Gabrielle's grouping, Cordelia on his arm.  She went willingly enough, hoping to discover what had garnered his notice.  Unfortunately, as soon as they approached, Felix broke away from the discussion and moved to her side, allowing Philip to replace him.  The maneuver was so smooth, she could only watch in amusement as they traded responsibilities.
It stung, a little, that Philip would take over responsibility for Gabrielle and neglect her, but she reminded herself it wasn't personal.  After all, he was Gabrielle's guardian, and her future was unsettled whereas Cordelia had the rest of her life to spend with him.  That didn't entirely undo the small hurt, but it made it easier to push it away.  Especially since it wasn't as if he left her completely abandoned; she saw the significant look he gave Felix as his friend held out his arm for Cordelia.
"You look a bit flushed, Lady Dunbury," Felix said cheerfully.  "Would you like to step outside?"
Although she was tempted to state that she wanted to stay right where she was, it really was a bit of a crush in the ballroom.  Besides, perhaps if they stepped outside, she could coax some information out of Felix.  It would certainly be quieter and more private.
There were a few other couples out on the terrace and down in the garden.  Cordelia tugged Felix towards a deserted balustrade, looking over the greenery below. 
"What was that about in there?" she asked, almost surprised that she felt confident and comfortable enough with Felix to be so overt in her questioning.  It felt good to be able to just ask what she wanted; something she hadn't experienced much of before her marriage to Philip.  "Was something wrong with Gabrielle?"
She put a little bit of pleading into her second question, opening her eyes wide, guessing that Felix would be more forthcoming with information if he felt he had to soothe her.  She was right.
"No, Gabrielle's fine," he said, patting her hand.  Despite the lack of company anywhere near them, his voice lowered.  "She has a sizable dowry, and it's attracted some less than savory suitors.  Philip and I will ensure that they keep away."
Cordelia frowned.  "If they're unsavory, why did Eleanor include them on the guest list?"
"Being up the River Tick isn't a reason to be left off the invitation list," Felix explained, giving a little shrug.  "Besides, some of the women with larger dowries don't care what kind of man they marry, as long as he has a title."
"Oh... Oh!"  Cordelia blinked.  "I see... but I don't want that for Gabrielle..."
"Of course not, and neither does Philip."
Two weeks ago, Cordelia would have let the discussion end there and would have already been aghast at her bravery about questioning Felix.  She'd certainly never questioned her late husband's actions, he would have never stood for it.  Now, she pressed on.
"So why couldn't we stay in there?" she asked, indicating herself and Felix.  "Why did Philip pass me off to you?  I could have helped him if he'd told me who she needed to avoid."
Chuckling, Felix patted her hand.  "Because, my dear, Gabrielle has also attracted a few rakes.  And while they might need a wealthy bride, that doesn't keep them from trying to seduce gorgeous, young wives as a past time.  I seriously doubt Philip wanted you anywhere near them.  Especially since it would have likely ended in a brawl if any of them had dared to address you, much less flirt with you."
"Oh..."  Philip was jealous over her?  Heat flushed her body.  That certainly put a very different perspective on the way he'd handed her over to Felix, a man he obviously trusted to watch over her when he couldn't.  "I see."
Felix studied her as her gaze went to the doors leading back into the ballroom.  "I wonder if you truly do."
******
The ball was heralded as a success in the gossip columns.  It was especially noted that the sister of a duke had befriended Gabrielle, and thanks to her beauty and the ton's interest in and approval of the new Lady Dunbury, Gabrielle was already one of the most popular debutantes of the Season.  Fragrant bouquets had been delivered all morning the day after her ball, delighting Gabrielle.  
To her own surprise, Cordelia didn't feel even the slightest bit jealous, despite the fact that she'd never been a debutante.  She was well aware her reception into the ton, before her marriage to the late Baron, would have been very different.  Besides, she truly wanted no one's attention other than Philip's, and so it was very easy for her to just be happy for Gabrielle.
She did notice that Gabrielle looked a bit disappointed after reading the last of the cards, as if she'd been waiting for a token from a gentleman that hadn't arrived.  But perhaps she was mistaken, because Gabrielle immediately went back to gushing over the meanings of all the flowers she'd received.
"Forsythia means anticipation, gardenias mean secret love -"
"It's not very secret if he's declaring it, is he?" Philip asked, his voice tempered with amusement.  Although his eyes were still on his morning paper, obviously he'd been listening in.
"Philip," Cordelia scolded him.  She smiled as Gabrielle stuck out her tongue at Philip and immediately turned away as Philip lifted his eyes up.  While she was fairly sure her husband had seen, he didn't call Gabrielle on it.  In fact, both of them were smiling.  At some point yesterday evening they'd both come to some kind of a truce, and Cordelia was glad of it.
The success of the evening and the alarming number of flowers that had descended upon the house probably didn't hurt either.
Gabrielle looked down consulting her book.  "This one means marriage!" 
"Who is that one from?" Cordelia asked, more than a bit surprised.  Whomever had sent that one certainly moved quickly.
"Viscount Fenworth."
"Well he'll have to be disappointed then," Philip said, his voice dismissive.
Scowling, Gabrielle glared down the table, still fingering the bouquet.  "Why?  He was very charming."
"He won't make a very good husband."
"Why not?" 
Cordelia bit her lip, recognizing a simmering Gabrielle when she saw one.  The fact that Philip's voice remained calmly indifferent was only exacerbating the young woman's temper.  Did she really like Viscount Fenworth, or was she just feeling rebellious against Philip's dictates?
"He just won't, Gabrielle," Philip said, putting down his paper, with a clear warning in his voice.  "Stay far away from Viscount Fenworth.  He's not the type of gentleman that a young lady should have as an acquaintance, much less a suitor."
"And your friend Mr. Hood is?" Gabrielle demanded, her cheeks flushing as she jumped to her feet.  "I heard all about him last night.  He's a rake and a scoundrel, but you don't eschew his company!"
A thunderous expression on his face, Philip slapped his hand against the table, making both Cordelia and Gabrielle jump.  "My friendships are not up for your judgment, young lady, but who you marry is up for mine.  Now I suggest you find another topic of conversation, or you'll be going to tonight's ball with a very sore bottom."
Gritting her teeth, obviously wanting to say more, but withholding herself from it, Gabrielle turned and stomped from the room.  "Please excuse me.  I'm going for a walk in the gardens," she said haughtily on her way out, not bothering to turn her head to see what either of them thought about it.
So much for any supposed truce between her husband and stepdaughter.
Cordelia sighed.  "Philip... What's wrong with Viscount Fenworth?"
"Other than his penchant for gambling, drink and... ah... women?" Philip asked dryly, picking up his paper again.  "He's a fortune hunter, and Gabrielle can do better than that."
"You could have just told her that," Cordelia said, a bit reproachfully.
Her husband shook his head.  "You didn't meet Fenworth last night or you would know a declaration probably wouldn't work.  He's a rake of the worst kind, handsome enough, young enough, and charming enough to make quite a few young women eager to marry him, no matter his vices.  Last year there was talk that he'd convinced a Duke's daughter to elope with him.  I'm sure she thought he loved her, and that it was romantic.  Of course, it didn't come to fruition, and he won't be making off with Gabrielle under my watch either."
The protective side was more than a little endearing, Cordelia had to admit.  One day Philip was going to make a wonderful father.
******
Watching his wife in the arms of another man was enough to make Philip's teeth hurt.  Probably because he was grinding them to a fine powder.  They'd been to six balls since Gabrielle's debut, and at each one he'd had to watch his wife dancing with other men.  Numerous other men.  Men that liked to hold her too close and stare down her décolletage.  Especially during the waltzes.
Philip hated the waltzes.
They were well into the Season now, and the rakes were out in force.  He was starting to feel as though those that weren't drawn to his ward were drawn to his wife.  Fortunately, he had his friends for assistance, but he still couldn't help but worry that Cordelia might be swept away by the excitement of all the attention that was being paid to her.  She wasn't the type to be unfaithful, but she was also very new to the social scene.  With her beauty, her innocence, and her inherent faithfulness, many of the more dangerous roués would see her as a challenge.
While bored, long-married wives were easy game, it was the newer wives, with less experience, that could be tempted by excitement.  Especially wives from the country, who might be flattered by a handsome and dangerous man's attentions.  Gabrielle hadn't been entirely wrong with her summation of Felix's traits; those women were exactly the type he usually aimed for.  Of course, now he was too busy assisting Philip.  He was quite handy when Philip needed a trustworthy person to squire Cordelia around while Philip attempted to chase the rakes and fortune hunters away from Gabrielle.
Fenworth was still hanging about, as were Conyngham and Wallace.  Actually, Conyngham seemed to be dividing his attentions between Gabrielle, Arabella, Cordelia, and Lady Brooke.  Lord Brooke had developed a tendency to hover around his wife whenever Conyngham was near, although she treated the rake as a dear friend.  Philip dimly recalled some gossip that Conyngham had been her lover at one point, while the couple had been living separately. 
Actually, if Conyngham wasn't dancing and talking so often with Cordelia, Philip privately admitted he would probably have less of an aversion to him as one of Gabrielle's suitors.  At least he wasn't a fortune hunter.  On the other hand, he probably wouldn't make a very good husband, since he seemed to prefer other men's wives, from what Philip could see.
And if the damned man looked down Philip's wife's cleavage one more time, he was going to get his teeth knocked out.  Then they'd see if he could make the ladies swoon at his smile without any teeth.
"Go seduce your wife."
Philip jerked in surprise.  He hadn't even noticed Lord Hyde appearing next to him.  "What?"
The former rake nodded towards Cordelia on the dance floor, where she was laughing at something Conyngham said.  "Seduce your wife.  Sneak her off to a darkened room and give her the exciting encounter you're worried some other rogue is going to provide."  He chuckled.  "My Eleanor loves it when I do that.  We'll watch over Gabrielle until you return."  His eyes moved, and Philip followed his gaze to where Hugh and the Earl and Countess of Spencer were now joining Gabrielle's group.
Philip had moved away from the conversation, although he'd stayed in the immediate vicinity, so he could watch Cordelia.  Seeing his cousin and his cousin's friends setting themselves up as guards meant he could focus his attention where he truly wanted it to be.  
On his wife.
Chapter 12
Pulling his giggling wife into the semi-lit room, Philip smiled down at her.  He'd practically dragged her away from Montague at the end of their dance, saying he needed to speak with her, and then proceeded to pull her down the hall.  At first she'd been anxious, but the grin on his face had apparently relieved her of the idea that she was in trouble, and now she'd been caught up in his excitement.
Her eyes glowed with an inner light, curious anticipation on her face... exactly the kind of expression a bored matron of the ton would have as she went on a rendezvous with a rake.  Lord Hyde was truly inspired.  The exact sort of man Philip's cousin Eleanor needed as a husband.  As a former rake himself, he obviously knew exactly what tactics to employ in order to keep his wife from searching out excitement elsewhere.
Philip saw a definite future of coaxing his wife out of ballrooms and into more intimate surrounds.  The possibility of being caught certainly lent an extra air of excitement to the proceedings.  He wondered if it would be more scandalous to be caught with his own wife than with another woman.  Given the vagaries of the ton, probably the former.
The dim lighting allowed them to see just enough to not bump into anything.  Locking the door behind them, Philip turned and gathered his willing wife into his arms.
"Philip," she whispered, her hands pressed to her chest as she looked up at him with wide, excited eyes.  "What are you doing?  Anyone could walk in!"
"That's why I locked the door."
Lowering his lips to hers, he felt her trembling, her hesitation, but then her mouth opened for him, submitting to his desire.  Philip groaned as he pulled her more firmly against him, pressing his already swollen cock against her softness.  His hands trailed down her arched back to mold themselves to her bottom, his fingers digging into her soft flesh, pushing her groin against his.
Making a little whimpering noise, Cordelia clung to him, now dependent on his hold to keep her balance.  He rocked against her, holding her to him, knowing that both of them were listening for footsteps coming down the hall, for any indication someone might also try to enter the room.  Moving his lips down the side of her neck, enjoying her small gasps for air, Philip felt her pulse fluttering.  He licked it, sucking gently on the spot, and reluctantly let go before he could leave a real mark.  It was very tempting to do so, especially where other men could see, but Cordelia wouldn't thank him for it.  It would be extremely scandalous for him to leave such visible evidence of their passion.
Slowly letting his grip relax as he moved his lips down to the tops of her breasts, nibbling at her skin, he felt Cordelia sway on her feet.  
Straightening, he glanced around the room and moved them over to a chaise.  
"On your knees, sweetheart," he said, giving her a gentle push.  "Put your hands on the back."
"But my gown will wrinkle."
"It won't.  Trust me." Philip turned her body, moving his hands up and down her sides, caressing and teasing her as he pressed his lips against the soft skin at the nape of her knee. 
Helping her lift her skirts so she could easily kneel on the furniture, he positioned her so that she was leaning forward with her hands on the back.  Draping the back of her skirts over her hips, he smiled at her lack of knickers.  She hadn't been allowed to wear any since her last punishment, and it never failed to make him smile when he lifted her skirts to her bare legs and bottom.
As he smoothed his hands over her bare bottom, she shivered, but when he slid his fingers down to the delicate petals of her womanhood, she was soaking wet.
******
Heart pounding in her throat, Cordelia mewled as Philip pressed his cock against her pussy, rubbing the head up and down her wet slit.  Every time it pressed against her clitoris, her body jerked.  She was so aroused, so shocked and excited by his actions, she could barely contain herself.  Out of all the scandalous things Philip had done to her, surely this was the most!
As he pressed forward, filling her, she moaned and gripped the back of the chaise even tighter.  His hands slid up her body to her breasts, gripping the soft mounds and using them to pull her back as he thrust forward.  Cordelia cried out, trying to be quiet, as the pleasure surged through her.  They were both still fully clothed, which strangely added to her perverse excitement.  Her breasts felt so swollen in her dress, the rubbing of his hands moving the fabric over her mounds, abrading her sensitive nipples.
Cordelia pushed her hips back at him, needy for the pleasure that was growing in her core.  His body slapped against hers, his hands rough on her breasts as his own urgency grew.  Biting back her moans, Cordelia shuddered and tightened, small whimpers escaping as her inner tension wound itself around her center.
Footsteps sounded in the hall, coming closer, and even through their panting breath, she heard them.
"Philip," she whispered, thinking that he must not have.
"Hush," he murmured back, pinching her nipples through her dress so that she nearly shrieked.  
He wasn't stopping.  If anything, his thrusts were coming harder, faster, as the footsteps moved closer. 
Excited apprehension welled up inside of her, winding its way through her ecstasy.  
Closer... closer... closer...
The footsteps passed the door to their room, and Cordelia found herself leaning forward even more, pressing her mouth against the back of the chaise, between her hands, as she screamed into the upholstery.  Philip's cock split her in two, taking her so deep and fast, riding her through her climax while she writhed before him in abject ecstasy.
Warmth flooded her womb as Philip held himself deep inside her, and she could feel her muscles clenching around him, milking him, in the most intimate manner possible.
With the delightful ache between her legs and the fluid coating the tops of her thighs for the rest of the evening, her mind was always on her husband, no matter which gentleman she was talking to or dancing with.
******
Two weeks and several more delightful interludes later - in addition to Philip's amorous nature at home - and Cordelia felt like she was walking on air.  She had noticed some of the London beauties flirting with her husband, but it was hard to feel jealous when his eyes were constantly following her through the ballrooms and he was constantly taking the opportunity to whisk her away for little adventures.  So far they'd debauched their hosts' libraries, morning rooms, a dining room table, and a bench in a gardens.  They hadn't been caught, although there had been a few close calls, and one time they'd walked into a room that was already occupied, from which they'd beat a quick retreat.  It was thrilling and terrifying all at the same time, but so far Cordelia certainly didn't want to stop.
She did feel as though she'd been neglecting Gabrielle a bit, however.  The young woman had become fast friends with Arabella, and the two of them were constantly together, under the watchful eyes of Philip, Arabella's brothers, and other friends and family members.  It was a bit of a relief for the chaperoning duties to be shared; Gabrielle went out with Arabella and her mother as often as Arabella accompanied Cordelia and Gabrielle.  The men seemed to rotate during the various balls and engagements.  Hugh and Irene had already left the capital, due to Irene's delicate condition, which was becoming harder to conceal, but Felix, Lord Hyde, Lord Brooke, and the Earl of Spencer were often on hand to assist Philip, in addition to Arabella's three brothers.  It was really rather amusing to watch the imposing, glaring men hovering near Gabrielle and Arabella's court.  Yet that didn't stop many men from approaching; the combination of beauty and wealth was too much to resist.
Cordelia appreciated it because Philip spent more time with her at the balls.  Enough so that they'd caused a little stir of gossip, but she didn't care, and he didn't seem to either.  More than one person had commented on his preference for his wife's company and she knew the mutterings about a love match between them had increased.  For her part, Cordelia did not know whether or not Philip loved her, but she knew she loved him.  It made her feel a bit insecure, because she didn't know what she would do if, when, his attentions to her waned. 
But she pushed those thoughts away because she also didn't know what to do about them.  So far he'd done nothing but shower attention on her, and she'd done her best to follow Marjorie's instructions when it came to pleasing a husband.  She enjoyed her riding lessons with him in the mornings, and even more enjoyed their evenings together.
Setting those thoughts aside, Cordelia knocked on Gabrielle's door and entered without waiting for the young woman to answer.
"Who- oh."  Suddenly flushed, Gabrielle stood abruptly from the table she was sitting at, grabbing at the paper she'd been writing on and tucking it behind the blue skirts of her morning dress.  Her cheeks turned an even brighter red as she realized that her actions had highlighted what she wanted to conceal, rather than hiding it.
Frowning, Cordelia strode forward.  "What is that?  What are you writing?"
Anxiety rose up inside of her.  Things had been going so well.  Gabrielle hadn't received a spanking since before her debut, and, while Cordelia couldn't say the same, she hadn't been punished since then either.  She'd like to continue avoiding it.  While the aftermath was explosive, the erotic spankings were more satisfying because they didn't include Philip's disappointment or her guilt.  They also didn't hurt as much.
"Nothing important," Gabrielle said defensively, her chin going up with her usual hauteur but without her usual confidence. 
Cordelia's apprehension made her brave in a way she'd never been before.  She held out her hand.  "Let me see it."
"It's just a note to a gentleman," Gabrielle said, backing away.  "Can't I have any privacy?"
Although her green eyes flashed, this encounter was already different from any they'd had in the past.  For one, it was a true confrontation, and rather than driving Cordelia from the room, Gabrielle was the one of the defensive.  She was treating Cordelia with more respect than she ever had in the past, and Cordelia was certainly acting with more confidence than before.  It was amazing the change living for just a month in Philip's household could make.
"Let me see it," Cordelia repeated, firmly although not unkindly.  "If it's as innocent as you say, it won't matter, and I will respect your privacy forthwith."
To her surprise, Gabrielle reluctantly gave the letter to her.  Its contents were very short, just telling the gentleman - a Mr. Pressen - what balls Gabrielle was planning on attending this week and thanking him prettily for the bouquet he'd sent.  The name sounded vaguely familiar, but didn't stand out, which wasn't too surprising as the number of flowers arriving every day after a ball had in no way abated - in fact, it had grown.  The Dunbury at-homes were very popular with the young gentleman; unless, of course, Gabrielle happened to be at Arabella's.  Then they were still popular, but with an older set of gentlemen.  Cordelia's friends came to visit as well, of course, but it was the gentlemen that were being studied and assessed.
"Why did you feel the need to hide this from me?" Cordelia asked.
Shrugging, Gabrielle looked away, not meeting Cordelia's eyes.  "I don't want to get into trouble."  Her hand twitched, as if she'd resisted the impulse to cover her bottom.
"There's nothing untoward in the letter.  Do you believe Mr. Pressen has intentions towards you?"  Cordelia put the letter down on the table as she studied her stepdaughter. 
Gabrielle was doing her best to look unaffected, but a pink blush lingered in her cheeks.  She shifted back and forth on her feet, and Cordelia had the niggling feeling that she was somehow missing something.
"How am I to know?" Gabrielle asked irritably.  "I don't believe he's approached Lord Dunbury, if that's what you mean."
Undoubtedly.  Cordelia knew a couple of fortune hunters, quick off the mark, had spoken to Philip, and he had let them know in no uncertain terms that their ilk would never be given permission to court Gabrielle.  As far as she knew, no one had informed Gabrielle of those offers.  Not that she thought Gabrielle would be interested, considering she had her pick of quite a court of suitors.  Most of them would be waiting till further into the Season to begin to press their suits in earnest, Marjorie had told her.  The only reason Gabrielle had received offers so quickly was because there were some very financially needy members of the nobility.
"Would you like him to?" Cordelia asked, curious if Gabrielle had a preference already.
The younger woman shrugged, nonchalantly.  "He's quite charming.  No title, but he entertains me, and he seems interested.  He doesn't spend nearly as much time talking to Arabella as he does to me."
That could be quite telling, considering Arabella was a Duke's sister.  It implied that this Mr. Pressen wasn't hanging after Gabrielle just for her connections. 
Gabrielle gave Cordelia a sidelong look.  "Don't tell Lord Dunbury... please... he already hovers so.  I don't want him to scare Mr. Pressen off."
"As long as your Mr. Pressen is suitable, Philip wouldn't do that," Cordelia said reassuringly.
"He can be shy and Lord Dunbury, and the others are so intimidating," Gabrielle said a hint of pleading entering her voice.
Well that was true enough.  Arabella's brothers were all very tall and broad shouldered, and Philip and his friends were built along the same lines.  Cordelia was hesitant to go to Philip with something that seemed so innocuous, especially when she'd been able to enjoy basking in his undivided attention for the past couple of weeks.  There didn't seem any harm in Gabrielle having a preference for a gentleman, after all, and eventually Mr. Pressen would have to present himself to Philip.
"Very well, Gabrielle," she said gently.  "You may let Mr. Pressen know our schedule, I don't see the harm in it.  Just don't give him too much encouragement unless you're sure of your heart."
"Yes, Cordelia."  Gabrielle said, surprisingly compliant.  She tilted her head.  "Was there anything else you wanted?"
"Not really, I just wanted to make sure you aren't neglected."
"I'm quite content, I promise.  I enjoy spending time with Cynthia and Arabella."
"Good."
Smiling, pleased, Cordelia left the room.  For a moment she thought about asking Gabrielle to bring the letter to her before sending it, but she dismissed the thought.  Surely there was no need.
******
The Duchess of Richmond's ball was the biggest crush of the Season, as always, Philip thought with aggravation.  Gabrielle was driving him to his wit's end as well.  Although, he wasn't alone.  Arabella's brothers were just as aggravated.  Both of the young ladies were constantly on the move, rather than staying in one position, and with the ballroom being so packed the guests were spilling out into other rooms and the outside terrace.  The card room was just as full as the ballroom and the terrace and gardens weren't the refuge for a private word or tryst that they usually were.
Philip resigned himself to the fact that he wasn't going to be able to whisk Cordelia away for some... amorous activities.  Not that he did so at every ball, but the possibility that he might always added some spice to the evening.  Here, it would be nearly impossible, unless they were very, very quick.  When he'd gone looking, he'd interrupted the activities of at least three other couples, and he had no desire to be in their position.  Nor did he have any desire to go looking again; he was sure the vision of Lord Blackmount's pale, thrusting buttocks was burned into his brain, much to his everlasting regret. 
At any rate, he'd resigned himself to an evening of watching over Gabrielle and Cordelia, without any fun for himself, but it was proving an even more difficult task than anticipated.  With Hugh and Irene having already quit the capitol and Arabella and Gabrielle having quit each other's sides for the evening, the number of helpers he had for watching over his ward was significantly lessened.  Although he was sure the Duke of Manchester and his brother the Marquess of Dearborn would step in if they saw Gabrielle in need, they wouldn't be watching out for it.  
The Earl of Spencer had also left for the evening, due to some mischief with his wife, according to Lord Hyde, who had been entirely too amused by it.  Hyde and Brooke had both promised to watch over Gabrielle as much as they were able, but it seemed like the crush had encouraged the high spirits of the rakes, and they were just as involved in hovering about their wives as they were keeping an eye on Gabrielle.  Felix was doing his best to help, but he was also having to fend off the advances of the ladies of the ton.
Philip had noticed his friend's interest in the various beauties of Society had lessened recently.  Strangely, Felix seemed rather taken with Gabrielle, although one would have to know him very well to see it.  He wasn't obvious about it, but he watched over her even more assiduously than Philip did.  Whatever event they went to in the evening, Felix was sure to arrive soon after, if not with them.  Although Philip had assured his friend that he could take a rest from his self-imposed duties at any time, Felix remained steadfast as a sentry, despite Gabrielle's continuous rebuffs.  The two times they'd danced together, Felix's face had been a study in frustration as he'd flirted and charmed, and Gabrielle had looked at him with thinly veiled disdain.  Philip was starting to think that if Gabrielle showed Felix the slightest bit of encouragement, his friend would ask permission to formally court her.
It appeared the ladies had noticed Felix's preoccupation as well and, for some blasted reason, had decided tonight was the best time for distracting him.  At any other previous event, Philip wouldn't have felt the need to rely on Felix, but tonight it was particularly inconvenient.
"Philip?"  Turning, he had to stifle the urge to reach out for his wife.  She looked particularly stunning tonight in a gossamer gown of amber that brought out matching highlights in her hair and eyes.  The low neckline only made him regret even more that they wouldn't be able to indulge in a tryst this evening.  "I can't find Gabrielle, have you seen her?"
"I was just looking for her again myself," he admitted.  It shouldn't make him feel like he'd somehow failed her, but it did.  He wanted Cordelia to be able to enjoy herself at the balls, not to be worrying over Gabrielle.  In his mind, it had become his sole responsibility to keep track of the girl so Cordelia could enjoy the balls without having to worry over her stepdaughter.  He knew Cordelia hadn't had her own Season and he was determined that she experience at least some of the excitement and enjoyment women seemed to get from the social whirl, without being bogged down by chaperoning duties.  
"There are so many people..." Cordelia looked around, going up on her toes for a moment to try and peer over shoulders.  Another reason he was more suited to keeping track of Gabrielle; as one of the taller men in the room, he had the advantage of a clearer view.  "I found Arabella, but Gabrielle wasn't with her."
"They seem to have separated for the evening."
"Oh... I hope they didn't have a falling out."
"I don't believe so," Philip said, his eyes tracking through the room, looking for the dusky rose ball gown and light brown hair of his ward.  Unfortunately, light pink was quite popular as a dress color tonight and there were quite a few ladies among the ton with a similar hair color to Gabrielle.  "They come back together at times to speak."  
In fact, that particular behavior might be what had him on edge.  He'd been feeling increasingly tense this evening, and, at first, he'd attributed the feeling to his lack of help in watching over Gabrielle, but now he was starting to think it had just as much to do with her and Arabella's antics.  The two had been nigh inseparable for weeks, but tonight they were suddenly divided - also dividing the attentions of their guardians.
Something was up.  Suddenly, he felt sure of it.  
"Come with me," he said, holding his arm out to Cordelia.  A frown formed on her face, before being cleared away, as she followed his lead.  After all, by now she knew that it didn't do to show any kind of consternation or upset - the unsupported gossip it caused was ridiculous. 
Heading across the ballroom, he aimed straight for the Duke of Manchester.  He, at least, with his height and broad shoulders was easy to spot.  As they came closer, he could see Arabella was only a few feet away from her brother, talking animatedly with some of her court, which had finally caught up with her after the last dance.  Since he'd been watching over Gabrielle and Arabella together for quite some time, it was easy to recognize her swains, and also to note which faces were missing.  Despite the fact that Arabella was a Duke's sister, there were nearly an equal number of men whom had shown a preference for Gabrielle's company.
"Manchester," he said, by way of greeting, giving the man a nod.
"Dunbury.  My lady."  The imposing man gave Cordelia a true smile as he sketched a small bow.
"Your grace," she said, smiling back at him.  "Has Gabrielle been by to speak with Arabella?  We seem to have lost track of her."
The Duke's smile faded into a contemplative frown.  "She did about half an hour ago, but then she swanned off again.  The two of them are driving me batty tonight.  Arabella actually tried to take a walk in the gardens with Carter; fortunately, Benedict saw them heading for the doors and intercepted them.  Told the bounder off.  We lost sight of Gabrielle after that."
Carter was a dissolute rake with a taste for ruining young ladies, and both Gabrielle and Arabella knew it.  Which begged the question of why Arabella had been willing to go into the gardens with him.
"Would you mind if we spoke with Lady Arabella for a moment?" Philip asked.  His unease was growing exponentially.
Nodding, Manchester turned and deftly removed his sister from her circle of admirers.  Their eyes followed her, but seeing that she was only being drawn out to talk to a married couple, they respectfully didn't try to follow her, assured she'd be returned to them presently.
"Good evening," Arabella said, curtsying prettily.  Her cheeks flushed as her eyes darted back and forth between Philip and Cordelia.  There was something furtive about the way she looked at them, putting Philip further on edge.  "Isaac says you wish to speak with me?"  She smiled up at her brother, who frowned down at her.
"Do you know where Gabrielle might be?" Cordelia asked, unable to completely hide the concern in her tone.  "She seems to have disappeared."
"Oh... I ah... um, I think she tore her flounce," Arabella said, the pink in her cheeks deepening.  "She must have gone to the retiring room."
"When?" Cordelia pressed.  "I just came from there and saw no sign of her."
"Oh... hmmm.... ah..." Arabella's eyes darted around again, this time looking past both them and her brother, as if searching for an escape route.
She was a truly terrible liar.
"Bella."  Her brother's voice rumbled in warning, like thunder before the storm.  "Where is Gabrielle?"
The lady stared up at the ceiling.  "I really couldn't say."
"Bella, if you don't tell us where she is right now, I swear you won't sit comfortably for a week."
Beside Philip, Cordelia let out a small gasp at this casual threat of punishment.  Not that Philip could blame the Duke; his sister was obviously the kind of young lady that required a firm hand.  Just like Gabrielle. 
Eyes wide, Arabella turned towards her brother, a slightly panicked look on her face.  "I'm telling the truth, Isaac, I really don't know!  She did go to the ladies' retiring room, I swear."
"But that wasn't the only place she went, is it Bella?  Was it your idea for her not to tell you exactly where she was going?"
"There was a gentleman that she wanted a private word with, that's all," Arabella said, tossing her head in a rebellious manner.  Not the haughty action Gabrielle often employed, but that of a young woman who knew she'd been caught out and was trying to prove she didn't care. 
Both the Duke and Philip cursed under their breath.
"A real gentleman would have never arrange a rendezvous with a young woman without the permission of her guardian," the Duke said, his eyes flashing.  "Have some common sense, Bella."
"How are we supposed to get to know any of our suitors with you behemoths hovering over us constantly, hanging on our every word?" Arabella snapped back at him, her eyes flashing.  "Of course she wanted a private moment if she could garner one!"
"That's not how things are done, and you know it."  Manchester reached out and took his sister by the arm, turning his attention back to Philip and Cordelia.  "My lord and lady, my apologies for my sister's part in this.  I'll find Benedict and have him escort her home, then I will help you look for Gabrielle."
Nodding, Philip turned away, taking a pale-faced Cordelia with him. Behind him, he could hear Arabella complaining about having to leave the ball early and the Duke telling her she'd have a lot more to complain about soon.  Looking around the room, Philip saw - with relief - that Eleanor and her friend, the Lady Brooke, were standing together and talking.  He could leave Cordelia with them while he searched for Gabrielle. 
"Philip, I'm so sorry, I should have been watching her more closely."
Jerking in surprise, he looked down at his wife, who was having trouble hiding her distress and was peering up at him imploringly.
"Sweetheart, this isn't your fault," he said gently, patting her hand reassuringly.
"But if I hadn't been dancing, if I'd been paying attention-"
"You shouldn't have to.  I have been paying attention, and I still lost track of her.  It's inevitable in this kind of crush.  I want you to dance and enjoy yourself.  I'm going to leave you with Eleanor and I don't want you to quit her side, so that I can find you easily once we've located Gabrielle."
Cordelia bit down on her lip, still looking guilty.  "If that's what you want, Philip."  She glanced ahead of them, where Eleanor was standing.  "I do enjoy Eleanor and Grace's company but... are you sure I can't help you look?"
"No, sweetheart," he said, immediately thinking of Lord Blackmount's buttocks again, which made him cringe.  There were probably more sights like that in his immediate future as they searched for Gabrielle's "private" assignation.  And if she happened to be part of a meeting like that... well, it was better that Cordelia not have to bear witness to it.  "Someone needs to stay in the ballroom in case she returns.  If she does, send a footman to come find me."
"I will," Cordelia said, looking relieved at having something to do.  
Handing Cordelia over to Eleanor and Lady Brooke, who could immediately tell something was wrong, Philip left it to her to explain.  Time was of the essence.  Gabrielle could be ruined if too many people noticed she was missing for too long... or she could be ruined for truth if the man she was with was dishonorable, and Philip could end up dueling.  The worst scenario would be if she was ravished, in which case Philip would forego the duel and just kill the bastard.
As he headed for the hallways, Felix intercepted him. Quickly outlining the conversation with Arabella as they walked, Philip gave a wave to Manchester as he saw the man headed out to the gardens.  Between the three of them, they should be able to cover the house and grounds fairly quickly.
Hopefully they wouldn't be too late.
Chapter 13
"I'm sure everything will be fine," Eleanor murmured soothingly, although she couldn't keep the worry out of her voice.  Grace, whom Cordelia had found could be a bit of a pessimist, gave her friend a frankly disbelieving look.  Eleanor swatted Grace with her fan.  "It will be fine.  In this crush, it's impossible to be certain who is and who isn't present."
"As long as no one walks in on her in the act of-"
"GRACE!"  Eleanor hissed, as quietly as she could. 
To be fair, Grace's words had been decidedly mumbled.  Cordelia had barely been able to hear her, and she doubted anyone else could either.
But the content of those words had made her go pale.  She was Gabrielle's stepmother after all; she was supposed to keep Gabrielle safe and ensure she made a good match.  If she was ruined... Well, Cordelia trusted Philip would ensure any man ruining Gabrielle did the right thing, but a dishonorable man might very well be a cruel one or, just as bad for Gabrielle, an indifferent one.
"We should speak of other things," Eleanor said, tartly but quietly, before raising her voice a bit. "Did you see Wesley's face when Cynthia spilled her drink all over Lady March?"
"I'm honestly surprised the lady didn't see it coming," Grace said with a smirk.  "By now I thought everyone knew that ladies who flirted with Spencer ended up with some sort of beverage on their gown."
Cordelia's lips quirked.  There had been a time or two when she'd wanted to spill a drink on some of the women who approached Philip.  The difference between her and Cynthia was she would never have the courage to do such a thing.  Truly, it was amazing Cynthia could manage such outrageous acts without condemnation from the ton, but Cordelia had already learned the Earl and Countess of Spencer had a reputation for being Originals, and everyone seemed to accept it.  It was a rare week when one or the other of them didn't appear in the gossip columns.
"Perhaps Lady March will take heed of the lesson and stop flirting with other women's husbands from now on," Grace said, fanning herself as she scanned the floor.  Her gaze lit on her own husband, who was talking with a group of gentlemen, and she smiled.  Cordelia took that to mean the Earl wasn't the only married man Lady March had pursued.  She made a mental note to keep the lady far away from Philip, if at all possible.
Not that Cordelia truly thought he was losing interest in her, but he didn't need temptation either.  And unlike Eleanor and Grace's husbands, he hadn't made any mention of love, so she didn't have that to hold him to her either.  It was no wonder just the thought of Lady March approaching him made her feel a bit sick inside.  She had no desire to test her husband to see what happened; she was happy right now and she wanted to remain that way.
"Oh look!  There they are!"
Cordelia was so caught up in her own thoughts that, for a moment, she thought Eleanor meant Philip and Lady March, and her stomach lurched uncomfortably.  That was swiftly followed by a feeling of relief as she looked to where Eleanor and Grace's attention had focused and saw Philip leading - practically dragging - a sullen-looking Gabrielle around the edge of the ballroom, heading towards them.  Stalking behind them, Felix had a face like a thundercloud as he glared at the back of Gabrielle's head.
Oh dear... that did not bode well.
"Please excuse me," she murmured to Eleanor and Grace as Philip caught his eye and nodded towards the entrance of the ballroom.  "I believe I have a megrim and will be retiring for the evening."
Both ladies immediately nodded their understanding; that was the explanation they would give if anyone asked why Lord and Lady Dunbury's party had quit the ball early.  Cordelia felt a moment of sheer gratitude that she now had so many friends she could rely on.  Before, she would have only trusted Marjorie to assist her in such a situation; now she felt no qualms about relying on Eleanor and Grace, and she knew if Irene or Cynthia were there, it would have been the same with them.
Cordelia met Philip and Gabrielle at the door, Felix still trailing behind as if he were some sort of rear guard.  The fury in his eyes took her back a bit - he looked even angrier than Philip!
One look at Gabrielle told Cordelia that the young woman was smoldering.  All three of them seemed to be holding on to their tempers by sheer force of will, knowing an outburst in public would be the worst thing possible.  Gabrielle's eyes flashed like sparking emeralds as she glared at Cordelia over her shoulder while Philip hurried them out the front door.  The carriage was already pulling up.
"Thank you," Philip said to a waiting footman.  "Please tell the Duke of Manchester that I cannot continue my discussion with him as we have retired for the evening."
The footman bowed and left, allowing Philip to bundle Gabrielle into the carriage before following himself.  Felix helped Cordelia up the step and then paused, as if considering whether or not to come in himself.
Leaning forward, Philip gave his friend a nod.  Since he was sitting next to Gabrielle, as if he didn't trust her to even sit across from him, it allowed Cordelia to see his face perfectly clearly in the moonlight and the lights still blazing from the house.  "Thank you for your assistance, Felix."
It was a clear dismissal and, she thought Felix might protest, but then he just sighed and nodded.  "Have a good evening, Cordelia.  Philip."
He shut the door firmly.  Gabrielle immediately went stiff, her full lips thinning in insult at being left out of Felix's benediction.  Although no one else was there to see Felix deliver her the cut direct, the intention was quite obvious.  Cordelia winced, knowing that being ignored, being treated as invisible, was probably more hurtful to Gabrielle than anything else Felix could have done.  She probably would have preferred it if he'd been outright insulting; at least then it would have been attention.
"That - that-" Gabrielle sputtered as the carriage began to move.
"Quiet," Philip ordered, his voice tight with fury.  "I don't want to hear a word from you.  Not.  One.  Word."
"What happened?" Cordelia asked, feeling strangely left out, not to mention anxious over what could have the normally even-tempered Felix in such high dudgeon.
"Gabrielle decided to risk her virtue and reputation on a money-grubbing merchant," Philip said baldly, ignoring Gabrielle's outraged gasp.  "She's lucky it was Felix who interrupted them, or she'd be engaged to a complete bounder right now."
"Lucky?!" Gabrielle screeched.  "He hit Mr. Pressen!  He'll probably never talk to me again!"
"Good.  If you aren't even calling the man by his Christian name, you had no business kissing him."
"Mr. Pressen?" Cordelia asked, aghast, her hand going to her throat as her face paled.
"Yes, Mr. Pressen," Gabrielle jeered, immediately going for the jugular.  "The one I told you about."  
"I never-!"
"That's five, Gabrielle, added to the count of twenty I was already going to give you.  I sincerely doubt that, whatever you told your stepmother, it included your plans for this evening.  I told you to be quiet.  Every word you speak from this point forward will add to your punishment."  Even in the dark of the carriage, Cordelia could feel Philip's eyes piercing her, but he hadn't responded to Gabrielle's attempt to shift blame in a manner either lady expected.
Gabrielle's mouth opened and then snapped shut as she let out a huff of air.
Keeping her own mouth shut required a bit of effort for Cordelia as well.  She wanted to defend herself, because Gabrielle certainly hadn't said anything about meeting Mr. Pressen.  But then, Cordelia hadn't questioned her very closely either, despite the secretive way Gabrielle had acted.  Some part of her hadn't wanted to know.  She'd been in her own little, happy bubble, flush with Philip's attention, and she hadn't wanted to lose that.  So she'd brushed any misgivings about Gabrielle under the rug, and this was the result.  She'd failed her stepdaughter, disappointed her husband, and gotten herself into trouble.
Again.
******
The silent carriage ride gave Philip some time to get a grip on his emotions.  He was furious with Gabrielle.  Felix had found her first and delivered a flush hit to Pressen's jaw before dragging Gabrielle from the room, protesting all the way.  Although, incongruously, she'd also seemed relieved to see Philip when they'd come upon him.  Only for a moment, and then she'd covered it up by being sullen and glaring at Felix while he'd given a terse description of finding her with the other man.
The girl should have been counting her blessings that it was Felix who found her and not someone else.  Philip didn't know much about this Mr. Pressen, he hadn't stood out from Gabrielle's suitors that Philip had realized, although he also knew he'd been very much distracted by Cordelia in the past few weeks.  Apparently, he should have been paying closer attention to investigating those of Gabrielle’s suitors whose reputations he didn't already know.
He was also hurt that Cordelia had obviously been keeping something from him.  He didn't know what Gabrielle might have told her, although he was sure it wasn't a full disclosure like Gabrielle had implied, but he didn't want his ward to know she'd scored a direct hit with that one comment.  Especially so soon after the discussion he and Cordelia had had.  
Not giving either lady a chance to change her dress, Philip took both of them to his study, seating his pale-faced wife in his chair while he stood beside her.  Gabrielle stood nervously next to the chair she already knew she would be bending over for punishment, her gaze averted, not wanting to look at it or him.  She was already subdued, he was pleased to see; it was a vast improvement over haughty defiance.
"Gabrielle.  Look at me."  Her eyes came up and caught his automatically, looking dull and sullen.  "Do you understand what could have happened tonight if anyone other than Felix had caught you?  Did you want to marry your Mr. Pressen?"
"I'd marry anyone who would take me out of this house," she snapped back, some of her usual defiance making an appearance.  
"What if he refused?  He's already shown himself to be dishonorable, arranging an intimate meeting with you rather than coming to speak with me.  It's obvious he was more interested in what he could get from you without marriage, and while I could have forced the issue, he might have run.  Then you'd be ruined, and no one would marry you.  You'd be in this house for the rest of your life."
That apparently hadn't occurred to her.  Her eyes went wide and then narrowed.  "Someone else would have married me.  We were only kissing."
"It doesn't matter what you were actually doing, it matters what people would have thought you were doing.  You'd have been ruined if someone else had found you alone in the room with him, even if you weren't touching.  The fact that you were kissing only exacerbates the matter."
"That's stupid."
"So was your duplicity," he said coldly.  While he recognized it wasn't exactly fair that a young woman could be ruined without actually losing her virtue, that didn't change how such a scene would be viewed by Society at large.  "A fortune hunter might be willing to overlook such a scandal, but I can guarantee you wouldn't enjoy living under his roof any more than you do living under mine.  Now, I believe you have a count of twenty-five?  Bend over the chair and lift up your skirts."
"No!  This isn't fair!  I didn't-"
"Now, Gabrielle."
Tears sparked in her eyes, her lower lip pouting out.  She looked at Cordelia, back at him and then turned and bent over the chair, practically flopping down as inelegantly as possible.  
"Your skirts, Gabrielle."
Another huffing noise, but she reached back and pulled them up.  Opening the lower drawer in his desk, Philip pulled out his tawse.  The long strip of leather had two tails, each a foot and a half long, and it was well-worn.  It was the same tawse that had been used on him by his father when a lesson was particularly needed.  He knew it would create a deep ache that would stay with her for the next few days, without leaving any marks beyond a very red bottom.  The color might linger a bit too. 
"Twenty for sneaking off tonight and risking your reputation," he said firmly, moving around to her side, facing Cordelia.  His wife had paled even more, if that were possible, upon seeing the tawse.  She was probably picturing having it applied to her bottom.  Unfortunately for her, he had a different punishment in mind for her transgressions.  "Five for speaking after you were told to be silent and for attempting to distract from your wrongdoing by implicating your stepmother."
SNAP!  THWAP!  
Gabrielle screamed and kicked as Philip laid down blow after blow on her upturned bottom.  At one point, she moved her hands to cover the chastened cheeks, which were so brightly red that it was visible through her thin drawers.  Philip managed to pull back the blow, so that he didn't snap the tawse against her fingers and actually injure her, but he warned her if she tried that again, he'd tie her down. Like the last time, she managed to keep her hands up by her face, fingers digging into the leather seat of the chair, after that.
When he was done with all twenty-five, which he had to admit she took admirably well, she lay over the chair arm, sobbing.  Placing the tawse down on the desk, he helped her up and pulled her into a hug, patting her back, and telling her that she'd done very well taking her punishment and he hoped she'd learned her lesson.  Cordelia, who had been gripping the arms of her chair nearly as hard as Gabrielle had been hers, looked torn between jealousy at seeing Gabrielle in his arms and relief that he was being so kind to the sobbing, young woman.
Once her tears had calmed, although not died down entirely, Philip summoned one of the maids to escort Gabrielle back to her room, instructing the maid to bring some soothing tea and a few biscuits to her.  She was going to be in for a rough night of it, as he seriously doubted lying down on anything but her stomach would be comfortable.
That taken care of, he turned back to where his wife was sitting in her chair.  She shrunk in on herself a bit, as if to hide herself from his gaze, knowing she was probably in trouble.
******
"What did Gabrielle tell you about Mr. Pressen?"
"Not very much," Cordelia said quietly as her husband loomed over her, anxiety churning in her stomach.  "A few days ago I went into her room to speak with her and she was writing a letter to him.  I asked to see it, but all she had written was our schedule for the week, there was nothing about arranging a rendezvous."  She looked up at him pleadingly.  His face remained blankly stern.
"Did you ask to see it again before she actually sent it?"
Cordelia's face fell as she shook her head.
"Did you question her intentions towards Mr. Pressen?"
"Yes, she said she just wanted to get to know him better, that you and the other gentlemen who have been chaperoning her and Arabella have intimidated him and she asked..."
Her husband's countenance darkened as her voice trailed off.  "She asked what?"
Dropping her gaze down to her lap, where her fingers were twisting the overlay of her skirt, Cordelia felt a surge of shame and regret.  "She asked me not to tell you," she said softly. 
Unable to look at him, she felt the beginning of tears burn her eyes as Philip felt silent and then let out a heartfelt, hurt sigh.  
"Are you ever going to choose me over Gabrielle, Cordelia?"  There was a rawness to his tone, a vulnerability, that Cordelia had never heard before.  Her chest clenched tight around her heart, hating the fact that she'd done that to him.  That she'd made her confident, self-assured husband sound insecure.
Her head snapped up to meet his sober, hazel eyes.  "Of course!  I didn't mean... I was just..."  Her shoulders hunched in again as she finally owned up to the emotion that had driven her.  "I was being selfish.  I had so much of your attention, and I didn't want to give any of it up... I truly didn't see the harm in her letter, but I didn't want to look more closely at any of it because... I didn't want you to start paying more attention to her again and less to me."
Swallowing around the lump in her throat, she lowered her gaze again.  Philip sighed again, but this time the sound wasn't nearly so heart-wrenching.  His fingers brushed over the back of her neck, caressing, and she felt relief surge through her.  He didn't hate her.  He wouldn't touch her so gently if he hated her.
"I can understand the impulse, sweetheart, but you can't keep doing this.  As much as I would like my attention completely focused on you as well, right now we have a responsibility to Gabrielle, and I cannot neglect that.  I need you to help me, not keep information from me."
"You say you want help and a partnership, but you keep me out of things too," Cordelia said, rallying a bit now that she didn't feel so glum at his disappointment.  She'd felt a bit resentful tonight at being kept so firmly out of things, especially after they'd discovered Gabrielle had snuck off to meet a man.  "I'm her stepmother, but you never let me chaperone her, and you never discuss her suitors with me.  Felix had to tell me about the fortune hunters after her, you didn't.  I still wouldn't know why you wanted her to keep away from Fenworth if it wasn't for Felix."
******
Philip scowled and then his mouth quirked to the side.  Despite the fact that he was still a bit exasperated with Cordelia, he had to admit that she was correct.  When he talked about shared responsibility for Gabrielle, it was because he wanted Cordelia to share her burden with him.  He wanted to shoulder it for her.
"I wanted you to enjoy the balls," he said, sliding the back of his hand over her cheek.  "I don't want you to have to spend your time watching over Gabrielle.  The social whirl is nothing new to me, but it is to you."
"I could still help," Cordelia said stubbornly.  His lips quirked again.  He rather enjoyed having her arguing with him about this.  At the beginning of their marriage, he was sure she wouldn't have dared.  She would have just accepted whatever lead he wanted to take.  Philip took it as a compliment to himself that she had blossomed in such a manner since being married to him.  "I want to.  Yes, I enjoy the balls and the dancing, but I do want to be a partner to you, a real one.  We could watch her together, at least."
"Very well," he said, his heart swelling as he looked down into her amber eyes, which at this moment seemed fathoms deep.  "From now on I will share more with you as well.  But you still need to be punished for not communicating with me.  You should have brought this up before if you wanted to be more involved, rather than having us both push our responsibilities off to the side.  You should have at least mentioned Mr. Pressen to me so that I could investigate him on my own and let the others know about him.  By hiding knowledge of him, at Gabrielle's request, you undermined my authority and gave her implicit permission to do as she wished.  That we've already spoken about this... well I feel that I need to punish you more severely than before."
A little shudder went through her, but she nodded her head, obviously already repentant.  She was going to be even more so shortly.
"Stand up," he said, gently but firmly.  "I want you bent over the arm of this chair, with your skirts up.  I assume you're not wearing drawers?"
"No," she confirmed softly, blushing.  His cock stirred at the response.  As she stood, she bit her lip, looking down at the chair and giving him a beseeching look.  "Over the chair?  Can't I..."  Her blush deepened, and Philip felt a touch of satisfaction that she obviously preferred being over his lap.  Unfortunately, that wouldn't be possible this evening.  In order for a birching to be most effective, he would need plenty of room to swing the birch stick.
"Over the chair, sweetheart," he said firmly.  "I want to be sure the lesson sticks this time.  Have you ever been birched?"
"Birched?" she asked faintly, standing awkwardly next to the chair arm.  "No..."
Unlike the tawse, Philip kept the birch in a chest with several other implements and useful products.  Going over to the chest, feeling his wife's anxious eyes on him, he picked up the birch rod and a small box and brought them back to the desk, setting them down.  Her eyes were huge as she stared at the rod like it was a snake.  The rod was actually quite lightweight, but for someone who had never been birched before, it would certainly be severe enough.
In some ways, it would be a harsher punishment than Gabrielle had received, but Philip considered it fitting as, so far, Gabrielle was not a repeat offender.  He wanted this lesson to truly stick with Cordelia, as she'd seemed sincerely remorseful the last time, but that hadn't stopped her from keeping Gabrielle's secrets from him.  While she wasn't complicit in Gabrielle's actions, she was certainly responsible for her own inaction.  Perhaps the last time he'd been too easy on her, believing her own remorse and distress to be a sufficient motivator.  He'd already seen quite a few positive changes in his wife since he'd begun disciplining, not the least of which was her actually having the gumption to argue with him about treating her as his partner when it came to Gabrielle, and so he felt that this was the best course to take.
"Bend over, sweetheart.  I want your skirts around your hips and your legs spread.  Point your toes inward."
The position would make it harder for her to clench her buttocks, and he intended to assist even further with that, as well as give her a little taste of what was going to follow her birching.  Watching her submit to his orders, putting herself in exactly the position he'd ordered, made his cock start to swell.  Despite the fact that he was disappointed in her, he could still understand her motivations. It wouldn't make him go easier on her, but it certainly made him feel better about their relationship.
Opening up the box he'd brought over to the desk, he picked up a hard, little rubber stopper.  It was shaped very like the dilators beside it in the box.  The dilators had been advertised for constipation; Spencer had informed him they’d be much more useful in another manner.  Unlike the dilators, which were shaped like bullets, this stopper widened into a bulb, beneath which there was groove cut into it followed by a flat end, which served a very important purpose. 
Picking up the bottle of oil that was also in the box, Philip put some on his finger.
"What are you doing?" his wife asked in a tremulous voice.  He turned to see her, propped up on her elbows, watching with anxiously curious eyes. 
"Do you remember what we talked about the last time I punished you?" he asked calmly, finishing coating his finger.  He moved behind her, watching as her bottom tightened and then relaxed, the cheeks quivering, while between them her little, brown star winked at him.  Between her legs, her pussy lips were swollen and wet, glossy with cream.  Despite her obvious fear of the birch, she was aroused.  "I told you that I would punish your bottom, inside and out."
Pressing his finger against the rosebud of her anus, he enjoyed her little squeal as the digit probed her virgin channel.  An orifice that would no longer be virginal after this evening.  
"Philip!"  
He twisted his finger, stretching the tight ring of muscle as it spasmed, trying to grip the invader, but having no luck due to the lubrication.  Cordelia gasped, her body shuddering as he moved his finger back and forth and then she moaned with a kind of despair as he added a second one.  Her head down, pressed against the chair seat, she still stayed in position, not fighting or trying to move away despite her obvious mortification.  Philip was sure that a large part of her embarrassment came from the fact that she enjoyed the perverse invasion.
Pulling his fingers free, he picked up the plug, quickly oiling it and then pressing the tip against the shiny, oiled ring of her bottom hole.  
"What is that?"
"This is a stopper," he said.  "It's going to help keep you from clenching while you're being birched."  Her little hole, unused to being stretched, would feel quite sore every time it clenched around the hard rubber.  The groove would keep her body from pushing it out and the full sensation and burning as her muscles stretched would add to her discomfort.  
"Ow... ow..."  She squirmed as he slowly pushed the stopper in.  It was about the same girth as his two fingers put together, but the unforgiving rubber would make it feel even less comfortable.
"Now, you're ready to begin." 
Cordelia whimpered.
******
The fullness of her bottom felt so wrong... so strange... she couldn't help but clench her muscles around the stopper even though it burned.  The new sensations had her reeling - even worse, it didn't dim her arousal at all.  Some part of her loved being bent over and helpless in front of her husband, some part of her even loved feeling his finger invading her most intimate area.  Even the burning as she was stretched felt good in a strange kind of way.  She felt more filled, more full of him, than she ever had before, even though it was a stopper in her bottom now and not his fingers.  It was as if the stopper was an extension of him, holding her in place and reminding her of his dominance over her.
"Hold very still, and don't move your hands to cover yourself," Philip said sternly.  "I will tie you down if I need to.  The birch would be very painful on your hands, much more so than your bottom."
"I understand," she said, digging her fingers into the leather seat in anticipation.  At least it wasn't the same chair Gabrielle had used; the seat there was probably still wet from her tears.  Cordelia got a fresh seat to christen.  At least if she wasn't going to be over Philip's lap, he had been careful to keep their punishments entirely separate and to treat hers very differently from Gabrielle's.
SMACK!  SMACK!  SMACK!
She gasped in surprise as Philip's hand landed on her bottom, completely unexpectedly.  The initial slaps weren't as hard as the last time he'd punished her, although they did sting.  He spanked her firmly but not harshly all over her upturned bottom, bringing the blood to the surface and turning her cheeks to a rosy hue.  Cordelia squirmed and whimpered as he heated her bottom, warming her up for the real punishment.
After a few minutes of steady spanking, enough to make her hot and uncomfortable but not enough to truly pain her, Philip stopped.  Immediately Cordelia tensed, knowing the birching must be coming next.
"Relax," Philip ordered, putting his hand on her warm bottom.  "No clenching.  You'll receive a count of ten with the birch.  If we ever have to revisit this issue, it will be thirty."
That was quite a leap, Cordelia thought ruefully.  She didn't even realize her body had relaxed as her mind had turned over that information until a stinging lance of pain sliced through her.
Shrieking, she bucked, her legs kicking up.  The birch had come down across the center of her bottom, nettling the tender skin.  It hadn't cut her, but it almost felt as though it had.  Her bottom tightened around the stopper, the muscle burning, so that it felt like she was on fire inside and out, just as her husband had promised.
"Back into position, Cordelia."  Philip's voice was sternly implacable, cutting through her surprised sob.  Even with the tears already beginning to overflow from her eyes, she immediately did as she was told, automatically following his order.
Now that she knew what to expect, the next swish and snap of the birch was both easier and harder.  The sharp bite wasn't as shocking to her system, but at the same time she now knew exactly how much the rod was going to hurt.
"That's two."
SWISH!  SNAP!
"That's three."
Cordelia lurched forward and then back at each slice of the birch across her blazing bottom, her inner muscles spasming around the stopper and igniting an entirely different kind of fire.  The tears ran unchecked down her cheeks.  She really was never going to hide anything from Philip again; not that she'd really meant to this time, but no matter what or how innocent it seemed, she wouldn't accede to Gabrielle's wishes for keeping anything from Philip from now on.  It had been the worst kind of foolishness and selfishness, and now she was paying the price.  
She was unused to having a husband who listened to her, but by now she knew Philip was different.  By now she knew she could trust him in a way she'd never trusted the Baron, that he would take her seriously and he wouldn't dismiss her.  She knew she'd been so intent on keeping their lives insulated in the happy, little bubble they'd been living in that she'd ignored anything which would have popped it.  That had allowed Gabrielle's plans to fester and could have had much more dire consequences if they hadn't been monumentally lucky this evening.
The birch felt like it was flaying her, even though she could feel how measured Philip's strokes were.  The tiny branches of the rod were brutal against her skin, stinging her like a thousand bees all at once, leaving behind skin that felt raw and exposed.  As he counted off the strokes, she just wanted him to go faster, to get it over with, because she knew there was no hope of him stopping before the ten he'd promised her.
SWISH!  SNAP!
"Nine."
Her bottom couldn't take anymore.  Thirty with the birch would kill her.  Ten was almost more than she could bear.  
SWISH!  SNAP!
"Ten."
Cordelia let out a loud sob, her watery muscles collapsing.  She hadn't even realized how tense her arms had become before she let them go.  All of her focus was on her poor bottom, which felt like a swollen mass of welts.
"Good girl," Philip said, his voice gentle as he rubbed his hand in circles over her lower back, pushing her skirts up higher.  "Let it out."
Something brushed against her pussy lips, and her bottom tightened around the stopper, making her sore hole ache.  As usual, she was wet despite her punishment, and as Philip's fingers stroked her swollen lips, she only got wetter.  It didn't matter that her bottom was on fire or that her bottom hole was stretched and burning; her body had responded in its usual inexplicable fashion.
Her husband chuckled.  "My sweet, perfect wife."
The fingers withdrew, and then Cordelia felt a tugging on the stopper in her bottom.  She tensed and then relaxed, groaning as her bottom hole stretched, allowing the stopper to slide back out of her.  It left her feeling strangely empty.
Not that Philip let her stay that way for long.
Chapter 14
The dilator Philip picked up wasn't the smallest.  The smallest was about the same size as the stopper he'd just pulled from Cordelia's winking arsehole; he chose the one the next size up.  Oiling it, he pressed the narrow tip to her bottom and pushed. 
"Ow... Philip..."
That red-striped bottom wagged, squirming, as he began to work the dilator back and forth, pushing it a little deeper each time, opening her up a little farther.
"Just relax, sweetheart, it will make it easier for you."  
She gasped as he twisted the hard rubber bullet, screwing it deeper into her body.  The dark black looked particularly stark against the red streaks on her pink cheeks.  The birching had left her bottom slightly swollen, with plenty of slightly raised welts, and a dark pink hue between the red lines where the birch had actually struck her.  She would be feeling the effects of tonight's discipline for days to come, but he hadn't completely finished with it yet.
Philip's cock was hard as a rock as he watched the dilator moving between her pink cheeks, the open flower of her pussy creaming below.  While he was birching her, his erection had deflated, but it had come roaring back to life once the actual corporal correction was over and he'd touched his fingers to her pussy and come away wet.
The next dilator in the set was a little larger and required more effort on his part, as well as more groans and pleas from Cordelia, but she didn't actually attempt to move away as he pushed the thick rubber into her bottom hole.  She squirmed, she wriggled, she begged, but she didn't attempt to stand or to slide off of the chair arm.  Instead, her bottom remained in the air, offering up the virgin hole to his depraved attentions, and Philip knew once he buried himself inside of her, he wasn't going to last long.
Ignoring the largest dilator, which was even thicker in girth than his own cock, once Philip felt she'd adjusted enough to the second largest, he pulled it free from her grasping bottom and oiled up his rod.  
"Philip..."  Her voice trembled as she felt the head of his cock touching her slightly gaping opening.  
"You're doing very well, sweetheart.  Just relax and let me in... your punishment is almost over."
The tight ring of muscle gave way to steady pressure, and he groaned as the head of his cock was engulfed in incredible heat.  She was so very tight, her muscles squeezing down on him as he went deeper.  With his hands on her hips, he held her in place on the chair as he finally claimed his wife's last hole.
"It hurts," she said, whimpering as he slid home, his body pressing up against her battered buttocks.  The ring of her entrance was a stark white in a sea of red and pinks, stretched to its limit around the girth of his cock.  
"I know, sweetheart," he said soothingly, his fingers massaging her hips.  Her bottom squeezed and rippled, adjusting and massaging his cock.  It was an enormous effort of will to give her the time to adjust and not just begin thrusting immediately.  "It will hurt less soon.  I want you to take this for me."
******
Cordelia pressed her burning face against the leather seat, still wet from her tears.  Those were no longer falling, but she felt completely out of breath.  Philip was so huge inside of her!  She'd thought the stopper had made her feel full, but that was nothing compared to this.  It was like there was no room left in her body for her to draw breath, now that he'd inserted the entire length of his cock inside her bottom hole. 
The burning pain of being stretched so wide and so deep was slowly dissipating, but she couldn't dismiss the discomfort entirely, especially with Philip's skin and wiry hair rubbing against the sensitive surface of her buttocks.  Her husband had spoken truly when he'd said she'd be punished inside and out.  
"Ow!" She cried out as he began to pull out.
It felt like his wide cock was dragging her insides along with it, but of course that was just an illusion.  Her insides were so very sensitive, so very raw, that she felt every inch of him as he moved.  
Heat.  Flames.  A slick mix of pleasure and pain that made her teeth ache.
His fingers dug in as he thrust forward, pulling her back against him, and she cried out again as his body smacked against her tortured bottom.  
It was euphoric pain and agonizing bliss, being so full, so scalded.  Cordelia didn't even know how to describe the sensations that were swamping her, running across her skin, under her skin, and turning her inside out.  Every thrust was a blazing rod deep into her body, and yet she could feel her arousal climbing higher with every stroke as well.  Her empty pussy was clenching hungrily, arousal coating her upper thighs as Philip rutted, taking her in this disgracefully wicked manner.  
His thrusts became harder, rougher, taking her breath away.  There was no more sharp pain; it was just a throbbing, aching, burning sensation and she couldn't tell if it was ecstasy or anguish that engulfed her.  
When he suddenly stiffened, warmth jetted into her body, she cried out... in disappointment.  She had been very close to climax herself, but Philip had reached the pinnacle before her, for the very first time.  Cordelia moaned, her body on fire, needy for completion, and her hips bucked as he filled her bottom with his seed.  It wasn't enough.
As Philip withdrew, she wriggled, trying to press her hand down between the arm of the chair and her body, to touch her pleasure button, sure that she just needed the tiniest bit of stimulation to finish herself off... but Philip tugged her upright, his hands grasping her wrists and pulling them together in front of her. 
"Philip, please," she begged, her eyes glazed with aroused need.  Her thighs pressed together in a futile motion, trying to get the pressure she needed.
"No, sweetheart, this is part of your punishment.  No pleasure for you, for tonight."
Cordelia moaned, but something inside of her tightened, that perverse part of her that had found such enjoyment in her punishment, in his invasion of the wrong part of her body, also enjoyed his masterful declaration.  Enjoyed that he was taking control of her in such a manner.  
She struggled against the needs of her body, leaning against him.  Her bottom hole ached, her buttocks were scorched, and her insides were on fire with a need that would go unquenched for tonight.
And yet she'd never felt happier than when Philip wrapped his arms around her, gently kissing her hair and holding her against him while she shuddered and cried.
The next morning, when Philip flipped her onto her back and settled himself between her thighs, despite the fire that reignited in her sore bottom, it took Cordelia less than a minute before she was screaming out her ecstasy.
******
The Dunbury household was not at-home the day after Gabrielle and Cordelia's punishments and neither did either lady go out.  Philip did leave to meet Felix at his club, but both Cordelia and Gabrielle were content to stay in.  In fact, Gabrielle stayed in her room the entire day, other than venturing out to break her fast and for a quick luncheon. 
Despite being not at-home to visitors, Marjorie came to visit anyway.  She'd actually arrived at the ball after the contretemps with Gabrielle, and so Cordelia had missed seeing her entirely.  Despite the lingering tenderness in her buttocks, Cordelia couldn't miss the opportunity to see her friend.  
Wincing as she sat down on the couch, she blushed a bright pink as Marjorie raised an inquiring eyebrow.  
"Dare I ask?"
"Ask about what?" Cordelia replied primly, even though her cheeks were still bright with embarrassment.  She resisted the urge to squirm, already knowing there wasn't a comfortable sitting position to be had. 
Marjorie laughed.  "Oh, Cordy, I know what a spanking looks like the next day.  Intimately."
Cordelia gaped as Marjorie's chestnut eyes twinkled merrily at her.  Never a raving beauty or a Diamond of the First Water with her dirty blonde hair and curves that were just a touch rounder than was fashionable, Marjorie had always been the epitome of elegance instead.  She tended to lead fashions rather than follow, every movement she made was filled with an innate grace, and she was always incredibly poised and refined in her manners.  That she was spanked by her husband...
Well, to say Cordelia was flabbergasted was putting it mildly.
"I had no idea," she finally managed to say, a bit weakly, knowing Marjorie was waiting for some sort of response.
Her friend laughed.  "I'm sure you didn't.  After all, you never had reason to, but one spanked wife always recognizes another."
"Why didn't you tell me?" 
That eyebrow went up again.  Just the one.  It was a skill Cordelia had always envied.  Marjorie could sometimes carry on her entire side of the conversation with that eyebrow.  "My dear, would you feel comfortable talking about such a thing with anyone who had never experienced the same thing?  It's a scandalous topic of conversation, and many would not be… understanding."
"Oh."  Cordelia immediately saw Marjorie's point.  
It didn't matter how close of friends they were, it wasn't the kind of subject one could speak easily about.  Just as Cordelia hadn't brought it up with Marjorie before, although she'd talked with Eleanor and Irene about it.  She blushed again as she thought about Christopher, Marjorie's husband.  "I'll never be able to look him in the face again," she muttered.
"Of course you will!" Marjorie said, pealing with laughter.  "Why wouldn't you?  I know that your husband's cousin spanks his wife.  And his other cousin, Lady Hyde, is spanked by her husband.  The signs are unmistakable.  And you speak to both gentlemen with no qualms."
"Yes, but... I knew when I met them what they did.  I had no idea that Christopher... Oh..." Cordelia shook her head, putting her hands to her flaming cheeks.  "Do you think he'll know I know?"
"Only if you blush like that when you talk to him," Marjorie said blithely.  "I can assure you, I shall have no similar problem with your husband.  I thought he might be the type.  He's very... authoritative."
"Is that why you told me to be open-minded?"
"Partly.  But also because I could tell the Baron never treated you as you deserved and I was sure that Philip would."
"How did you know about the Baron?  I never said anything."
"No, dear, but what you didn't say was more than enough," Marjorie said gently.  She smiled at Cordelia, reaching over to pat her hand, before picking up her tea cup to take a sip.
It really was quite nice to be sitting, just the two of them, and having an intimate conversation.  Even if Cordelia wasn't exactly sitting comfortably.  She was reminded of how Marjorie had given her truly excellent advice, and so - now realizing Marjorie would understand even more than Cordelia had thought - she told her everything that had transpired.  Not just last night, but also the other times she had been punished and why Philip had been so harsh last night.
Although, she did omit that he punished her inside her bottom as well.  That was part of the reason she was as sore as she was, but she was still too embarrassed to mention it.
Sipping her tea, Marjorie listened with a contemplative look on her face.  Of course, she made several comments, mostly about Gabrielle's stupidity the night before, but otherwise she didn't interrupt.  Upon Cordelia's completion of the story, she sighed, nodding her head and putting down her teacup.
"Well I can see your dilemma.  You've always wanted more of a relationship with Gabrielle than she was ever willing to countenance.  I think you're being too hard on yourself when it comes to your reasons for not mentioning Mr. Pressen to Dunbury.  I don't think you were entirely selfish.  After all, how often has Gabrielle actually asked you for something like that?"  Marjorie gave Cordelia a piercing look, and Cordelia nodded, sighing as she recognized Marjorie's point.  "While I'm sure you didn't want to lose Dunbury's attention, I think you were also taking advantage of the first time Gabrielle had actually asked you to keep something in confidence for her."
"However, I certainly agree with your husband that you need to put him first.  After all, Gabrielle will be married and moving into her own household soon enough, God willing.  Philip is your future, and just because he keeps giving you enough rope to hang yourself doesn't mean that you should."
Cordelia nodded again.  Although Philip had been amorous this morning, she'd felt he was holding himself a little different afterwards.  As if he was setting himself apart just a bit.  She had abused his trust, even if she hadn't entirely meant to, and she doubted he was sure of her reformation.  After all, she'd basically broken the tenants of the promises she'd made after her last punishment.
"I'll just have to prove to him that I really do understand now," she said, ruefully.  She had absolutely no idea how she was going to do that.
******
Swirling the brandy in his glass, Philip studied the amber liquid.  It reminded him of the dress Cordelia had been wearing the night before.  And her big, liquid eyes as she'd stared up at him this morning.
He'd tried to act as though everything were the same, but it wasn't.  Disciplining her the way he had, he was supposed to forgive her transgression and move on, but it was proving harder than it had in the past.  Not the forgiveness, that was no problem, but the moving on.  He still wasn't assured she wouldn't do it again.  That she wouldn't place Gabrielle's desires and needs before hers or his.  It was damnably frustrating.
"I believe you're supposed to sip that, not stare at it," Felix murmured.  Not that he was much better.  They'd both been sitting in silence for the last five minutes, staring at their beverages instead of drinking them.  They were easily the most morose table at the club, which was fortunately not very full.  Having an abundance of witnesses to their misery was not something either of them wanted.  "It's not a crystal ball, after all."
"Even if it were, I don't know that it could help me," Philip said with a sigh, setting the glass down.  "Not unless it could show me the perfect husband for Gabrielle and how to get him leg-shackled to her."
Although he wasn't sure even that would be enough.  After all, it wasn't truly Gabrielle that was the problem; it was how Cordelia behaved when it came to Gabrielle.  Surely that would be rectified once Gabrielle was married, but at the same time, Philip didn't know if it would truly satisfy him either.  He wanted Cordelia to choose him, to make him the most important person in her life, not become the default through a lack of choice.
"I've been thinking..."  Felix started to say and then fell silent.
Philip mentally prodded his friend.  He had his suspicions about what Felix had been thinking, but he didn't want to assume anything.  Leaving Felix's words hanging in the air, he waited, patiently.  He didn't entirely understand his suspicions, but he wouldn't judge a man's personal preferences either.
Running his finger around the top of his glass, Felix scowled.  With his dark features, it was a rather brooding look, and quite unlike him.  Although he looked quite natural brooding, he'd always been more interested in being the charmer or the joker.  Sullen quiet was not truly part of his personality.
"I was going to wait till the end of her first Season, but I'm still considering offering for Gabrielle," Felix said finally.
Even though he'd suspected it was coming, Philip's eyebrows still raised in surprise.  "Truly?"
"She's... different."
"If by different you mean spoiled and self-involved; although, truthfully I don't think that makes her stand out from the other ladies of the ton."
"Because that's not all she is."
"She wants for discipline."
"She also wants for cherishing," Felix said, giving him a dark look.  "I'm beginning to agree with your wife; you're too hard on the girl."
"I have a lack of patience for those who don't appreciate what they're being given by others," Philip admitted.  "Especially when the one doing the giving is Cordelia."
"Understandably."
"And I don't dislike Gabrielle all the time.  Her company can be quite enjoyable when she wants to be charming.  I'd like her a good deal more if she didn't revert back the second she's not getting her way."
Felix's fingers drummed on the table, and he nodded, sighing.  "She needs her own husband."
"So offer for her."  It would certainly make Cordelia happy, since she seemed to be attached to Gabrielle, despite the way her stepdaughter treated her.  Being married to Felix would ensure the chit stayed in their lives.  Philip knew he could trust his friend to take care of Gabrielle and treat her well, which took care of his concerns.  
"I'm not ready yet."
Feeling his eyebrows rise again, Philip studied his friend more closely.  There were dark circles that had begun to appear under Felix's eyes, and his brow was wrinkled in a manner that Philip had seldom seen.  Like a man gripped with a difficult decision.
"Marriage is a serious proposition," Felix continued, his gaze unfocused as if was staring off into space.  "I want something like what you and Cordelia have.  What your cousins have.  While I think Gabrielle is attracted to me, I'm not sure that she actually likes me.  And after she went off with Pressen last night, I'm not sure how discriminating she is when it comes to attraction."
Blast.  So, though her reputation wasn't ruined, Gabrielle's behavior might have already lost her a suitor.  Although, Philip doubted Felix would have been distressed over Gabrielle's sneaking off if it had been him she'd arranged to meet.  Not that Felix would have done such a thing - at least, not with an innocent, young woman.
"She may just be anxious to leave my household, which has made her less discriminating," Philip said.  "I don't believe she cares for my form of discipline, although it's certainly done her quite a bit of good as far as I can tell."
"Then she certainly wouldn't care for mine either," Felix said, suddenly grinning.  The expression lightened his features considerably. "Cordelia seems to have taken to it like a duck to water."
"Cordelia is... almost perfect," Philip said smugly.  The smugness faded marginally.  "If she would give me the same loyalty that she gives Gabrielle, I would be the most fortunate man in the world."
"Women," Felix muttered, lifting his glass.  "There's always something wrong with them."
Chapter 15
The next day, the Dunbury household resumed their normal activities.  Although both Cordelia and Gabrielle were still suffering from the after effects of their punishments, cutting themselves off from the public entirely wasn't an option, not at the height of the Season.  Both ladies had to grit their teeth and bear it as Philip escorted them to a dinner at the Marquess of Earith's home and then Lady Sorenson's ball.  
At least they could sit without wincing, even if neither of them was entirely comfortable.  
Cordelia was pleased Philip made more of an effort to include her in chaperoning Gabrielle.  Rather than urging her to walk the room or dance as often as possible, he kept her on his arm for a large portion of the evening as they stayed near Gabrielle's circle.  Of course, she did circulate a bit, and she danced, but she spent far more time at her husband's side and watching Gabrielle than she had before.  Especially since Gabrielle was no longer trusted and, unfortunately, Arabella obviously couldn't be either.  When Gabrielle tore a flounce and had to visit the retiring room, despite Arabella's company, Cordelia went with them as well.  The Duke's sister was showing all the signs of recently having been spanked as well, and Cordelia realized what Marjorie had meant by saying one spanked wife always recognizes another.
Although Gabrielle obviously realized that she was being closely monitored, she didn't protest.  She seemed to be on her best behavior.
Strangely, she also seemed to hold Philip in more affection than before.  Cordelia supposed being held accountable for her actions and punished for them, not to mention held when she took her discipline admirably, was preferable to Gabrielle over a complete lack of reaction or being ignored.  Perhaps being spanked even made Gabrielle feel more cared for, the way it did for Cordelia. 
With Philip keeping Cordelia at his side, she found many of her insecurities starting to dissipate.  He obviously enjoyed her company and, while some ladies still attempted to flirt with him despite the fact that she was standing right there, he ignored any and all intimated invitations.  Even more reassuring, the ladies seemed to take it as a matter of course; none of them were surprised by his response.  It was as if they just felt the need to test.  Their lack of surprise reassured Cordelia that this was Philip's usual response to their attentions and not just a show he was putting on because of her presence. 
Also encouraging was the complete lack of gossip about Gabrielle and their early departure from the Duchess of Richmond's ball.  The large numbers in attendance that evening had certainly worked to their advantage; it appeared most people hadn't even noticed they'd left early.  Not one untoward word was said about Gabrielle which meant that, however ungentlemanly Mr. Pressen had been by arranging a rendezvous with Gabrielle, he was at least discreet about it.  
She didn't have a chance to see the man as he wasn't in attendance at either the Eariths' or the Sorensons', which probably explained why Gabrielle was looking around vainly at both events.
Felix was also not in attendance that evening, surprisingly, although Lord Hyde, Lord Brooke, and the Earl of Spencer were hovering closer than ever.  So were Arabella's brothers.  Lady Grace whispered to Cordelia that she and Eleanor were also going to keep an eye on Gabrielle from now on, and that Cynthia had promised to as well, but apparently no one truly considered Cynthia an appropriate chaperone.  She was too likely to start her own trouble to be able to satisfactorily watch after someone else.
The only regret Cordelia had was that Philip didn't seem at all inclined to whisk her away for one of their clandestine interludes.  He was too busy being on guard, despite Gabrielle's good behavior.  She doubted that was likely to change very quickly.
She was right, of course.  
During the next week, they didn't sneak away from the ballroom once.  Every night when they arrived home, Philip would strip her down and pounce on her like a starving man, but he wouldn't sneak away while they were out.  Cordelia missed it, despite how amorous he was when they reached home.  He was wearing her out with their late night activities; she was spanked, licked, tormented for what felt like hours by his mouth and fingers, before he finally drove into her and fucked her into screaming climaxes that left her limp and exhausted.  It probably didn't help that she'd started to tease him a bit during the balls, wearing her lowest cut gowns, making sure to lean towards him so that he could enjoy the view of her bosom, pressing herself against him "accidentally."  Gabrielle was being so well-behaved that she didn't see why they couldn't resume their thrilling assignations.
Her insecurities were beginning to mount again.  Not that Philip was becoming interested in another woman or anything, but that they wouldn't be able to return to the way things had been.  Sometimes she still felt a distance from him, despite the communication that had opened between them.  She made sure to tell him everything that happened that might have the slightest bit of importance, but she still felt like he was holding back.  Waiting to see if she was going to mess up again.  While she understood, it was also a bit hurtful.  She was desperate to prove to him that she wouldn't.
Of course, the best way to prove it was if Gabrielle stopped behaving and Cordelia caught her out at it, but she didn't want that either.
It was incredibly frustrating.
******
"You've been making yourself scarce," Philip said as Felix came to stand beside him. 
He hadn't seen his friend in several days, despite his usual messages to Felix with their schedule.  As far as he knew, Felix hadn't been attending any other events either.
"I haven't been much for socializing," Felix said, his dark eyes sliding over to where Gabrielle was standing in the middle of her court, pretending to ignore him.  Philip knew she was pretending because he'd been watching her when Felix had entered the ballroom; in fact, Gabrielle's reaction when Felix came into the room was why Philip knew his friend was there.  He'd seen the way she'd lit up, and he'd immediately followed her gaze, expecting to see that Mr. Pressen had finally come out of hiding.
Imagine his surprise when it was his best friend that had drawn her attention instead.
He'd noticed Gabrielle had been looking for someone at all the events the past few days and he had assumed it was Pressen.  Apparently, he'd been wrong. 
"She was watching for you."
"Was she now?"  Felix studied Gabrielle who was so obvious about not looking their way that she might as well have stared.  She'd become much more animated since Felix had entered the ballroom, suddenly smiling much wider and with a sparkle that hadn't been there before.  The suitors surrounding her were entranced.  Too bad for them, Philip was fairly certain it wasn't for their benefit.  "Well that's encouraging, considering she's doing her best to pretend I don't exist now."
"Think of it this way, she certainly doesn't single anyone else out for that kind of treatment."
Felix grinned, a roguish smile lighting up his own features, as if he'd just had a kind of revelation.  Then again, Felix's moods could often turn quickly like that as he was never one to dwell in negativity.  "That's very true.  Obviously her dislike for my company means she likes me the best.  Ah, and here is your lovely wife.  My Lady Cordelia."  He bowed to her and nodded to her dance partner, his eldest brother, who was returning her from the floor.  "Thomas."
"Felix!  You've returned to us, we've missed you," she said, reaching out to take his hands and kiss each of his cheeks in turn.  
"I can only imagine, if you've been forced to dance with my brother just for a hint of my company," he said, winking at her.
"It had nothing to do with you and everything to do with the goodness of her heart," Thomas said, shaking his head.  All of the Hoods were good looking men, but as the only one with a title, Thomas certainly garnered more attention from the young ladies than his brothers.  He'd practically begged Cordelia to accompany him to the dance floor when he'd seen an avaricious mama dragging her debutante daughter his way.  Gently shoving his younger brother out of the way, he took Cordelia's hands and bowed over them, kissing them fervently enough that Philip scowled at him.  Thomas just gave him a cheeky grin back.  "My lady, you have my utmost gratitude for your timely rescue."
Laughing, Cordelia pulled her fingers from his, shaking her head.  "You're a rogue, sirrah.  In fact, I'm beginning to think your entire family is made up of rogues."
"No, no, Thomas is the serious one," Felix said, jostling his brother's side playfully.  "Just ask Walter.  He and I are the fun ones."
"I can be a rogue if I want to," Thomas said indignantly.
Philip shook his head as the two brothers began to bicker.  Leaning down, he whispered in Cordelia's ear.  "Be glad Walter isn't here to add to discussion, we'd never hear the end of it."
He was glad of Cordelia's laughter.  Things had been a little tense between them this week.  He knew she missed the excitement of sneaking off during the balls, but he'd been too on edge, especially with Felix's absence.  Although the others were very helpful, at this point he truly only trusted Felix to take the lead on keeping watch over Gabrielle.  If the others were put in a situation where they had to choose between their wives and Gabrielle, they would rightly choose their wives.  Which could be all too easily arranged, making it easy for Gabrielle to slip away.  
The little temptress had made things difficult on him as well.  The jade green gown she was wearing tonight was barely decent, the neckline low enough that he was constantly looking to make sure her nipples were still covered.  The reddish highlights in her hair shone in contrast to the gown, and he'd noted the little flecks of green in her eyes that stood out now that she was wearing a color which enhanced them.  Now that Felix was here, he was finally going to be able bring the fantasies dancing about his head to life.
******
An excited thrill buzzed through Cordelia's body as Philip shut the door behind them, locking it.  She didn't even have time to speak before he was on her, pulling her into his arms and devouring her mouth with a kiss.  The muted sounds of the ballroom seemed so very far away and yet so dangerously close.  Her nipples pebbled and her core throbbed as Philip's tongue delved her mouth, his hands sliding over the gossamer fabric of her ball gown.
She was overjoyed to find Philip had missed their naughty interludes as much as she had - the hunger of his mouth and hands on her body left her no doubt about that.  As had the caveman-like way he'd practically dragged her from the ballroom, with none of the smooth suaveness he usually employed.
Cordelia moaned as he backed her against the wall near the window, giving her something to lean against as his hands gripped and caressed the curves of her body.  The dress she was wearing was low cut enough that it was easy for Philip to lift her breasts free of the fabric, her pink, turgid nipples hardening even further as his thumbs rubbed over them.  
"Oh yes," she said, gasping with pleasure as his lips moved down her neck, heading towards her breasts, which he was kneading with firm, almost rough, fingers.  Her own hands slid along his shoulders and into his hair, and she whimpered when he lifted his head, ending the burning trail of kisses that he'd been leaving.
"Put your hands behind your back, Cordelia."
In the moonlight, she could see his hazel eyes glittering, dark with passion.  She pouted. 
"Hands behind your back, sweetheart."  Emphasizing his words, he gave her right nipple a sharp pinch, squeezing the bud tightly between two of his fingers and she cried out as her back arched towards him, trying to find relief for the little bud.
It hurt, throbbing in his grip, and yet her pussy throbbed simultaneously with the pain, becoming even wetter.  She put her hands behind her back, gripping her elbows, which thrust her breasts at him.
"Good girl."
Lowering his head, he sucked the nipple he'd been tormenting into his mouth, soothing the tortured bud with his lips and tongue.  Cordelia moaned as pleasure flashed through her, all the more heady because the sensitive nubbin still ached from the abuse.  His other hand squeezed her opposite breast, beginning to pinch and roll that nipple.
She whimpered, loving the helpless feeling that came from having her hands behind her back, even though she'd placed them there by choice.  Following Philip's orders aroused her greatly.  Having useless hands made her feel intensely vulnerable and completely under his command.
Philip feasted on her breasts, making her legs tremble as he focused entirely on them.  If it wasn't for the wall behind her, she would have surely fallen as he licked, nibbled, pinched and squeezed her sensitive mounds, until she felt as though she was going mad from the need for him to touch her between her legs.  Her arousal was growing higher and higher as her nipples turned into hard, little, aching points, so raw and sensitive from his attentions it was almost painful.
Her breasts felt as though they'd swollen to twice their normal size, her nipples like they were four times larger than usual.  With her head leaning back against the wall, her eyes closed, it was all she could do to muffle her gasps and sobs.
"Please... Philip... please, no more," she begged, for the umpteenth time, being as quiet as possible.  "I need you inside me... please..."
This time, he straightened up, his hands still on her breasts, squeezing and rubbing the mounds, her hard nipples pressing into his warm palms.  Staring directly into her eyes, despite the dim lighting, he spoke in a low, measured voice.
"Will you do exactly as I tell you to?"
"Yes!" she practically cried out, before quickly lowering her voice.  "Yes, please... Philip.  Anything."
"Turn around and face the window.  Put your hands on the sides."
Trembling with need, Cordelia moved as he stepped away to give her room.  Her breasts hung free as she placed one hand on one side of the window and then reached for the other.  She gasped as her nipples pressed against the cool glass.  Immediately she tried to move away, but in order to touch both sides of the window, she couldn't help it.  
Her nipples were so sensitive that the cool glass felt like ice, and she whimpered, a few tears stinging her eyes, but the heat between her legs was so demanding that she did it anyway.  Trembling, her breasts pressed against the window, her nipples aching, she gasped as her eyes focused.  They were overlooking the gardens!
"Philip!  There are people out there!"
"The room is dark," he whispered reassuringly in her ear as he stepped up behind her, his hard, hot body pressing her against the glass even more firmly.  "They won't be able to see anything but our silhouettes, if they even look up.  They won't know it's you, with your breasts exposed to them, your skirts lifted up about your hips," her skirts began to move with his words," your husband fucking you from behind."
Cordelia moaned at the erotic and perverse description he gave.  This was so, so wrong, and yet she'd never been more excited.  
His cock slid into her easily from behind, filling her with one thrust, without the slightest hesitation, because she was so slick and receptive.  She cried out, her fingers digging into the wooden pane of the window, trying to keep herself in place.  Philip had her trapped between himself and the glass, between the people in the gardens and the people in the ballroom.  They could be seen.  Someone could try the door.  Someone could have the key.
And in that moment, none of that mattered.
Her legs trembled and nearly gave out as pleasure wracked her.  Her front was cold against the glass, her back hot against Philip's chest, her insides churning with the mix of sensations.  Everything was chaotically mingled, the warmth and the chill, the pleasure and the pain.  Philip's strong arms held her up as he thrust into her forcefully, rocking her against the glass while she exploded around him.
Fingers pressed against her lips, muffling her cries as he fucked her hard, ravishing her completely.
Both of them buckled, leaning against the glass as Philip groaned, and she felt him swell inside of her.  Hot liquid filled her, leaving her panting, her eyes unfocused as she sagged between her husband and the window, completely fulfilled.
******
The grasping heat of Cordelia's cunt had proved Philip's undoing.  He'd wanted to move her to the desk before he came, to take her harder than was possible against the window, but she'd been more slickly wet, more submissively enchanting than he'd been prepared for.  The fantasy of being watched, the possibility someone had seen their coitus, had completely undone both of them.
Her tight muscles milked every last jet of seed from his cock, leaving him feeling weak-kneed. 
With his last bit of strength, he pulled them over to the desk he'd intended to use initially.  Pulling out a handkerchief, he cleaned them both up as best he could before sitting in the chair and pulling his wife into his lap.  She came willingly, her movements a bit jerky and awkward, as if she was in a daze.  Perhaps she was.  
Gently he fondled her breasts, much more tenderly than he had before.  Her poor, tormented, little nipples were still quite sensitive, as she hissed under her breath when he first rolled a bud between his fingers, but she didn't protest either.  Cordelia always let him touch her however he wanted to.
"You are perfect," he murmured against her skin, pressing kisses to her hairline.  "I never dreamed I could be so happy in marriage until I found you."
She leaned into him, one hand pressing delicately against his chest as he fondled her, the rest of her body totally open to him.  "Me neither.  I didn't know that marriage could be happy.  I'm so grateful for you, Philip.  Not because you rescued me from the Baron, although of course that as well, but for the man you are.  For the way you are with me."
"I promised you that I would cherish you.  That I would always bring you pleasure."
"And you do," she said, her fingers stroking him, finding the opening between buttons in his shirt and playing with his chest hair through it.  Philip cradled her closer.  "You can't imagine what that means to me."
"I haven't said it before, sweetheart, but I hope you know how much I love you."
"You do?"  The honest surprise in her voice nearly made him curse.  She sat straight up in his arms, turning her head to look him in the eyes as if trying to determine the truth of his statement.
"Of course I do!" he said gruffly, a bit taken aback that she was so shocked.  
"Well you never said."  There was a bit of huffiness in her tone, not quite scolding, but just on the edge of.  
His lips tilted into a smile as he reached up to cup the back of her neck, squeezing very gently.  "I just did.  Don't you have anything you'd like to say back to me?"
Deliberately, he gave her a pouting, little boy's look.  Despite the darkness of the room, she was able to see his expression well enough to giggle. 
Cupping his face in her hands, she leaned forward and brushed her lips over his.  "I love you, Philip."
Chapter 16
Cordelia had never seen two people so determined to pretend the other didn't exist.  Wrapped up in her own happy bubble, although of course she'd still been watching over Gabrielle, it had taken her a few days to notice all was not right with her stepdaughter and Felix.  Philip's best friend had taken up guard duty again, but he no longer inserted himself into Gabrielle's court.  He no longer put forth an effort to charm her.  He mostly stood with Philip and Cordelia, near Gabrielle's circle but not a part of it, or whomever was watching over Gabrielle and Arabella at the moment.  
Apparently feeling guilty over their sister's involvement in Gabrielle's sneaking off, Arabella's brothers had been making their presence known as well, and were quickly becoming good friends with Philip, Cordelia, and Felix.  The Duke, in particular, got along very well with Felix's eldest brother, Thomas, who had begun to appear more and more at the balls.  Unlike Felix, however, Thomas was more than willing to insert himself into Gabrielle and Arabella's circle, where he proved to be quite as witty and charming as his brother.  Inserting himself into the ladies' pool of suitors seemed fairly effective at keeping other young debutantes away.  Gabrielle and Arabella were both highly attractive and popular and not many mamas wanted their daughters to be set beside them, only to pale in comparison.  Cordelia was amused at Thomas' shrewdness, although Felix seemed less so whenever Thomas asked Gabrielle to dance.
She leaned into Felix's side, capturing his attention from where he'd been pretending not to watch Gabrielle and Thomas spinning on the dance floor.  "Why don't you ask her to dance anymore?"
"She didn't seem to particularly enjoy it when I did," Felix said, his tone indifferent, but Cordelia had come to know him well enough to know that, with Felix, indifference usually hid deep emotion.  
She made a face at him, eliciting a chuckle.  "Who wouldn't enjoy dancing with you?  Did you step on her feet?  Check your breath for garlic?  Bore her with your conversation?"
"Of course not, I never eat garlic before a ball and my conversation is scintillating," he said severely, mock-glaring down at her.  Laughing up at him, Cordelia happened to catch a glimpse of Gabrielle's face as her stepdaughter looked over at her and Felix talking.  It was not an entirely happy expression.  "I can't understand why she prefers the company of those other toadies to mine."
"Perhaps she doesn't," Cordelia said slowly, her mind churning.  She'd been so focused on herself and Philip that she'd barely given Gabrielle's suitors a thought, knowing Philip would take care of everything.  At one point, she'd practically been an expert at interpreting Gabrielle's actions, which sometimes seemed incomprehensible to others, but lately she hadn't even tried figuring out what was going through the girl's head.  "Perhaps it's easier to accept their attentions because she doesn't prefer them."
Felix went silent for a moment, obviously thinking over Cordelia's words.  "You mean, because she does actually care what I think, she prefers their company because it's easier?"
"Well... yes.  She's spent most of her life attempting to get the attention of the man she cared most about in the world," Cordelia said, thinking it through out loud.  "By and large, unsuccessfully.  Now in London, she's surrounded by attention, and she certainly enjoys it.  She's quite hot and cold with Philip.  Sometimes it seems like she wants his approval, sometimes it's as though she's doing everything she can to make him angry.  I think, even though he's not her father, she's begun to look up to him in that manner, and she's afraid of being rejected by him as well, so she tries to force it rather than waiting for it to happen on its own.  The same could be applied to you."
"She sees me as a father?"  Felix looked horrified, startling a gurgling laugh from Cordelia.
"No, no, I mean that she actually wants your attention and approval, and that frightens her, so she does her best to get your disapproval instead.  That way, if you stop paying attention to her, the two of you were at odds anyway, so it won't hurt as much."
"That's very deep, Cordelia."
"Gabrielle isn't shallow, she just acts that way sometimes," Cordelia said stubbornly.  She'd always thought that Felix saw Gabrielle more clearly than Philip did.
He proved her right as he smiled down at her.  "I know."
******
"She's always disappearing at balls, you know, for half an hour or so, sometimes more.  I'd say she already has a lover."
"Look at the way Mr. Hood is dancing attendance on her, do you think it's him?"
"Who's to say, my dear?  Won't Dunbury be disappointed when he discovers his 'love-match' is just as untrue as the rest of us?"
The triumphantly malicious tones of the speaker nearly had Philip barking a laugh.  
Gossiping fools.
He was tempted to let the two ladies know he'd overheard them, but he decided to let it go.  After all, anyone with two eyes who was keeping track of Cordelia's movements would know that when she was absent from the ballroom, so was her husband, while Felix watched over their ward.  As the ladies moved away, he recognized one as Lady March, a particularly tenacious woman who had a hard time believing that every man didn't want her, despite constant rebuffs from Philip and his entire group of friends.  Apparently she'd been Brooke's mistress at one point and hadn't taken her conge well.  He felt a bit sorry for her, in truth, because she obviously wanted everyone to be as miserable as she was. 
Of course, a few months ago, he would have verbally torn her to shreds for daring to gossip about him so wrongly and maliciously.  Cordelia's soft heart was certainly having an effect on him. 
Picking up the glass of sherry his wife had requested, he took a glass of champagne for himself and began to make his way back to his wife's side like the besotted husband he was.  Moving across the room, he could understand why the gossips might try to pair her and Felix together.  She was certainly more comfortable and relaxed with him than she was with any of the other gentlemen she spoke with.  Excepting himself, of course.  And Felix was quite fond of her.
If Philip wasn't so assured of Cordelia's emotions and her faithfulness, if they'd had the typical ton marriage, perhaps he'd be suspicious as well.  As it was, all he could see was the sisterly pat that his wife gave Felix's cheek and the brotherly way Felix smiled down at her.  Then the way Cordelia's eyes lit up when she turned away and saw Philip coming closer, the flush that filled her cheeks, and how her body straightened in anticipation of his presence.
Truthfully, he wasn't sure how anyone with eyes could miss seeing the difference.
"Sweetheart," he said, presenting her with the glass of sherry.
"Thank you," she said, eyes shining as she looked up at him like he was her whole world, not bothering to hide her love behind a mask.  Philip knew he was returning her look in kind.  
No wonder there were those who were spitting with jealousy.  
When he finally looked up from his wife, he could see even Felix looked envious.
It wasn't the last time that he heard Felix's name linked with Cordelia's, an inevitability since Philip and Felix took turns watching over both her and Gabrielle.  Especially since Cordelia and Felix were obviously quite close.  Although he considered helping quell some of the gossip by not sneaking away with Cordelia, since obviously a few of her absences had been noted, he ultimately decided he didn't care.  The envious could say what they wanted, most of the gossips had noted he was still doting on his wife and that she returned his regard.  They were being lumped together with the other happy love matches that seemed to run in his family and their friends.
Philip didn't consider who else might be hearing the envious gossip until he was escorting Gabrielle from the dance floor a few days later, after a quadrille, and she stumbled.  Because she was usually so graceful, he was surprised, until he realized she was distracted and staring at something across the room.
Standing in a corner was Felix with a lady that was so similar in build and hair color to Cordelia that it took Philip a moment to remember his wife was wearing a garnet colored gown with black overlay this evening, not a blue with cream.  From a distance, the resemblance was striking, although after a moment Philip recognized the widowed Lady Winchester, whose facial features were quite different.  With her hand on Felix's arm, she was obviously flirting, and going by his rakish smile back, he was enjoying the attention.
Frowning, he looked down at Gabrielle who had gone quite pale, her eyes now averted from that corner of the room.
"Are you all right, my dear?" he asked, ostensibly referring to her stumble, but truthfully he was more worried about the blank, pale expression on her face.  
Since the strapping she'd gotten for sneaking off with Mr. Pressen, Gabrielle's behavior had been faultless.  Philip quite enjoyed her company now, and she seemed to have relaxed around him, not feeling the need to prod him for a reaction.  While she and Cordelia weren't exactly bosom friends, he knew his wife was happy with how their relationship had settled ever since Gabrielle's behavior had started to turn.  
While he didn't blame Felix for enjoying the flirtatious widow's attentions, considering how Gabrielle had been ignoring him ever since the incident with Mr. Pressen while being utterly charming and flirtatious with her circle of suitors, he didn't like seeing Gabrielle hurt either.  And she obviously was.  Well, perhaps this would be a lesson to her on how Felix felt when he had to watch her do the same with an entire group of young men, anxious to catch her eye.  Philip had no doubt Felix would do no more than flirt with Lady Winchester, perhaps dance with her, but he had to be enjoying having a woman chasing after him after Gabrielle's continued rejection.
"Yes, my foot just caught on my hem," she said, taking a deep breath and pasting a brilliant smile on her face.  It didn't reach her eyes.
Philip felt rather helpless.  His feelings of protectiveness for Cordelia had already included Gabrielle, and in many ways she'd begun to earn them on her own merit.  While she never mentioned her past or the way her father had treated her, Cordelia brought it up quite often when she wanted Philip to be more lenient.  It was rather impressive, in a way, how Gabrielle never used any of her past to make excuses for her behavior.  Then again, perhaps that indicated just how deeply her past had cut her that she didn't even want to mention it as a ploy to gain pity.  On the other hand, Felix wasn't accustomed to being unsuccessful with a lady, and while it certainly seemed to have piqued his interest with Gabrielle, it was also wearing to his self-esteem.  A harmless flirtation to bolster it shouldn't be worth mentioning, especially as Gabrielle had been snubbing him, and yet...
That evening he decided not to sneak away with Cordelia.  Gabrielle had obviously been affected by seeing Felix with Lady Winchester; she was more buoyant, more charming, and more flirtatious than ever.  Even Arabella looked at her askance a time or two, as she blatantly flirted outrageously with several of her suitors.  Not once did she look in Felix's direction again, not even after he returned to Philip and Cordelia's side to join in the chaperoning duties.
Tomorrow night he could slip away with Cordelia, tonight Gabrielle would have to take precedence.  
******
Dreamily, Cordelia clung to her husband's arm, letting him lead the way back to the ballroom.  She'd been a bit disappointed the night before, when Philip had resisted sneaking off.  He'd said he was a bit worried about Gabrielle, after returning from dancing with her.  Once he'd discreetly pointed out Felix talking with a gorgeous woman off to the side of the ballroom, Cordelia had understood.  While Gabrielle hadn't stepped over the line with her behavior, she'd certainly skirted it a few times.  The Earl of Cawdor and the son of the Marquess of Surrey had been even more moon-eyed than usual after the attention she'd paid them.  The bouquets that had arrived this morning for Gabrielle had been enormous.
Tonight, Gabrielle had seemed back in her usual spirits.  Ignoring Felix, of course, but the wild look was gone from her eyes, and she had returned to her usual level of charm and flirtation, which had made Philip feel secure enough to whisk Cordelia away.
They'd gone to the morning room, which had a very comfortable daybed - and no lock on the door.  It had excited Cordelia wildly, knowing that they were in more danger of being caught than ever.  Philip had been just as on edge, his cock hard as a rock.  He'd sat on the day bed and had her straddle him, so that the back of her skirts flowed down over his legs, keeping their bodies hidden from anyone who might walk in.
Taking advantage of her low neckline, he'd used his mouth and teeth on her nipples, his hands on her buttocks, while she bounced on his cock, riding him to an intensely exciting orgasm.  Her clit still throbbed, and her nipples tingled as his seed slowly slid down her inner thigh.  She loved knowing she'd been thoroughly debauched, that Philip's essence was on her, and that no one else in the crowded ballroom knew.
"Bloody hell."
Jerked from her happy reverie, Cordelia tried to focus, wondering what had made Philip curse so coarsely.  "Philip?"
"Gabrielle."  He said her name in a short clipped tone.  "She's dancing with Fenworth.  How the hell did Felix let that happen?"
His pace picked up as he moved quickly towards where Gabrielle's circle would be waiting for her to finish her dance.  Arabella was still there, her brother the Duke beside her, scowling and looking almost as thunderous as Felix did, standing beside them.  
Seeing them coming, Felix's expression looked pained.  
"What happened?" Philip demanded in a low voice, as soon as he reached his friend.  Cordelia was almost surprised at the passion in Philip's voice.  He really had come to care about Gabrielle.  Knowing that he loved her, Cordelia felt no jealousy about that, only joy that her husband felt the same as her.  It was obvious his interest was fatherly, despite the fact there wasn't much of an age difference, and for Gabrielle's protection.  It made her fall a little more in love with him.
"Lady Winchester came up and distracted me.  Before I could get her hooks out and send her on her way, Arabella had distracted Manchester, and the next thing we both knew, Fenworth was leading Gabrielle out to the dance floor, and it was too late to do anything without causing a scene," Felix said grimly.  He jerked his head in a kind of circular motion.  "Everyone's spread out.  He won't have a chance to try and get her alone, even in this crowd."
The large number of people in attendance should have made it easy to slip away, which was how Cordelia and Philip had managed it, but as Cordelia looked around the ballroom, she saw what Felix meant.  Every exit from the ballroom had someone standing beside it.  She'd been so caught up in her happy daze that she hadn't even noticed when she and Philip had walked by Felix's middle brother on their way back into the ballroom.  Near the doors to the gardens, the Earl and Countess of Spencer and Lord and Lady Brooke were waiting, Lord Hyde and Eleanor were next to the staircase that led to the main entrance of the house, and the eldest Mr. Hood, Arabella's other brother, and the Irvings were next to the other, more discreet exits from the ballroom into the other areas of the house.
Beside her, she felt Philip relax as he noted the guard they'd set up.  Fenworth would have no chance to convince Gabrielle to walk with him after their dance and try to get her alone.  According to Philip, the broke Viscount would happily ruin Gabrielle in order to get his hands on her dowry; there would be no discretion from him, unlike Mr. Pressen.  Just dancing with him would cause some talk, but as long as it was just a dance it wouldn't be very much talk.
To all of their surprise, Fenworth didn't even try to lead Gabrielle to one of the side entrances.  Instead, he very properly returned her to her circle, bowing over her hand before he took his leave.
Cordelia moved to stand near Gabrielle as conversation resumed, the Earl of Cawdor enthusiastically describing the current play at the theater.  
"Gabrielle, you should stay away from Fenworth.  Philip was quite distressed to see you dancing with him."
For a moment, just the tiniest moment, Gabrielle shrank in on herself a bit, as if she was upset to hear that she'd caused Philip worry.  But then she shook it off, her demeanor as haughty as it had ever been in the past.  "It was just a dance, Cordelia.  Don't be so stuffy.  He was the perfect gentleman."
Her eyes slid to Felix and then away again, Cordelia noted, and she promptly forgave Gabrielle the haughtiness.  Especially since her response had been much less viperish than it would have been in the past.
"Lady Dunbury, have you been to the theatre recently?" the Earl of Cawdor asked, breaking into the conversation.
"No, we've been quite busy," Cordelia said with a smile.  That and she'd discovered Philip hated the theater, although he said he'd take them if they wanted to go.  Cordelia was curious, but she had no burning desire.
As she joined in the conversation, out of the corner of her eye, she saw Philip watching her, his gaze moving back and forth between her and Gabrielle.  Was he wondering what they'd said to each other?  Did he think Cordelia was hiding something from him again?
Her heart sank, although she kept the smile on her face.  His expression was blankly stern, and she couldn't help but wonder, even though she'd confessed her love for him, did he still not trust her?
And if he didn't now, would he ever?
Chapter 17
Later, all of them would realize how easily they'd been played.  How incredibly, deviously clever Gabrielle was.  Later the Countess of Spencer would look at the younger woman with a touch of awe, although she'd never dare to congratulate her, in case the Earl overheard.  Lady Hyde would be aghast at the cunning maneuvers.  The Lady Brooke would quirk her lips and comment to her husband that the beginning of their marriage wasn't nearly so fraught.  Of course, Arabella was a part of it, but even she was shocked at how easily it had all come about - at least, up until the crucial moment.
Philip and Felix were incensed, as was to be expected.
And Cordelia... well Cordelia was relieved and strangely joyful.  Well, with the final outcome, at least.
It all started when the flounce on Cordelia's hem tore, due to an unfortunate misstep by Arabella.  In the moment, there was no sign that the mishap wasn't an accident.  
Off to the retiring room Cordelia went, with Lady Hyde, to make the necessary repairs.
A few minutes later, at his post by the garden door, Lord Hyde was approached by a footman with a rather titillating note, in his wife's handwriting, asking him to come meet her for a clandestine rendezvous.  Seeing the Marquess of Dunbury, the Duke of Manchester and the ever-present Mr. Hood still standing with Lady Gabrielle and Lady Arabella, he decided there was no harm in going to meet his wife.  
At about the same time as Lord Hyde was heading towards the house's library, a similar note was brought to the Marquess of Dunbury by a different footman.  Aroused and incited by the words, the Marquess grinned at how far his little Cordelia had come since they'd wed.  Excusing himself, assured that the ladies were still sufficiently chaperoned (especially as this ball seemed particularly low on rakes hovering about), Philip hurried towards the morning room the note had indicated his wife would be waiting for him in.
No sooner had he exited the ballroom, than a delighted Lady Winchester approached and practically threw herself on Felix, causing a small stir.  Simultaneously, Arabella had signaled to a group of young ladies that she told her brother she "particularly wanted him to meet."  All five young ladies were cousins, blonde, blue-eyed, rather shrill, and overjoyed at the prospect of meeting not just a Duke, but such a singularly handsome Duke.  The horrified nobleman found himself suddenly surrounded by the bevy of blonde beauties, all chattering to him at once.
So it was that Gabrielle made her escape.
The entire plan was so brilliant, executed so flawlessly, that she would have surely achieved her goal, if not for one small miscalculation on Arabella's part.  When Arabella had stepped on Cordelia's dress, she’d done it too hard.  The flounce had torn so badly that the maids in the retiring room recommended just removing the piece entirely, which took substantially less time than sewing it back on.  Anxious to return to her husband and the ball, and not particularly caring whether or not she had a flounce at the bottom of her gown, Cordelia had agreed.
Upon returning to the ballroom, Eleanor had frowned and wondered where her husband was, causing Cordelia to look towards the garden doors and see the back of her stepdaughter's pale mint green gown disappearing into the darkness.  Immediately, she commanded Eleanor to find the men, and Cordelia dashed after the escaping young woman.
Well, dashed as much as she could without drawing undue attention to herself.
Her heart was certainly pounding as if she were running a race.
Once she was out of the ballroom, she was able to move much more quickly, which was good because so was Gabrielle.  Fortunately, even though Gabrielle had chosen to wear a green gown, the pastel colors that were so popular for debutantes didn't blend well in the dark garden.  Unfortunately, that made it all the more possible for Gabrielle to be seen by others as well. 
Rushing as quickly as she could along the pathway, Cordelia felt a surge of relief as she saw Gabrielle not far ahead of her, approaching an empty gazebo.
"Gabrielle!" she hissed, in a loud whisper, trying to project her voice and desperately hoping there would be no one else to hear her.
Her stepdaughter stopped and whirled around, before shaking her head in disbelief.  "Cordelia!  Go away!"
"What are you doing?" Cordelia demanded as she finally reached Gabrielle, panting from the effort of her exertions to catch up.
Something flashed in Gabrielle's eyes, but it was too dark to make out exactly what emotion it was.  "I told you I would accept the first offer of marriage that I was given, and I have."
"It can't be a worthy offer if you have to sneak away to marry the man," Cordelia said, aghast.  She remembered when Gabrielle had threatened that, of course, but she truly hadn't taken the words seriously.  Especially now, when Gabrielle was being courted by any number of suitable gentlemen.  Gentlemen that would appreciate her beyond the financial benefit she could bring to a marriage, which meant that she could wait for a better offer.  Men Philip would approve of.  With Gabrielle obviously trying to run away to meet her erstwhile suitor, there was no way he would be on the approved list, which most likely made him a fortune hunter or a scoundrel or both.  
"We're eloping, it's romantic," Gabrielle said in a low voice.  She looked around, obviously making sure they were alone.  "Now go away."
"Gabrielle, I'm trying to help you.  You can't really want to do this."
"Of course I want to, why else would I be out here?  I can't spend one more day in that house, I just can't.  I don't want to go to balls anymore, I just want to be married and go live in the country, away from... from everyone."  There was something almost wild in Gabrielle's voice, and Cordelia's heart clenched; her stepdaughter certainly sounded as if she meant it.  Even more so than she had when she'd threatened something similar after her first spanking.  And she certainly hadn't said she wanted to go out to the country then.  What on earth could make Gabrielle want to return to obscurity when she'd been such a social hit?  "If you want to help, go distract everyone until I'm gone."
"No.  Whatever is wrong, Gabrielle, we can work it out.  We'll talk to Philip and-"
"No!  Just go away.  If you won't distract them, just don't tell them where I've gone or the second your husband catches up to me I'll tell him all about how you trapped him into marriage."  Gabrielle's tones had turned viperish, the cruel, callous voice she'd always had when she'd threatened to tell on Cordelia to her father.  
Cordelia's jaw dropped.  "What?- I never-  That's a lie!"
"But it's not, that's what makes it so perfect," Gabrielle said with a bitter laugh.  "I overheard you and Marjorie talking about inviting him to the house party, one of a few gentlemen, and how you would be able to entice him into marrying you."
Fear struck Cordelia's heart.  It hadn't been like that.  Not entirely.  She'd hoped one of the gentlemen Marjorie had invited might be willing to help her.  Save her.  She'd prayed that there would be a gentleman who would offer marriage, rather than a more indecent proposition.  Marjorie had picked out the Marquess of Dunbury as a distinct possibility, having met him before and thinking that he would suit Cordelia well.  They'd had many conversations about him, before and after his arrival, especially once he'd shown interest.
No, she hadn't trapped him into marriage.
Yes, some of those discussions could have sounded like plotting.
Cordelia's own innate honesty wouldn't allow her to lie to Philip, not if he asked her directly.  Would he think he'd been manipulated?  Would he think her proclamation of love was insincere?  Would this break his trust in her when it was already so tenuous?
It was thinking of his trust that she realized what she had to do.
Maybe he could forgive the past, but she knew that if she didn't do as he had asked now, in the present, he would not be able to move past that.  Not again.
She took a deep breath, praying she was making the right choice, her heart already cracking with the thought that this might lose her Philip's love and trust.  "Tell him whatever you wish, but I am not letting you do this.  If you don't turn around right now and come back to the house with me, I will go straight to Philip and bring him out here.  I might not have the strength to drag you back inside, but he certainly does."
Bristling, Gabrielle gaped at her.  "You can't do that!"
"I can, and I will."
"But I'll tell him everything!  He'll never trust you again!  He'll know what a scheming charlatan you are!"  Gabrielle's voice got higher, louder, and Cordelia winced.  Please let this area of the gardens be deserted.
"I hope he knows me better than that," she replied in a low voice.  "If nothing else, despite what I may or may not have done in the past, I will not betray his trust now.  I will not provide you with a distraction or assist you in disrespecting my husband's authority over you as his ward."
"I appreciate that Cordelia."  Philip's deep tones struck both of them silent.  A heaviness settled over Cordelia, and she closed her eyes to hold back the tears.  Oh goodness... how much had he overheard?  How much did he know?
Dread crept through her, but there was nothing she could do to make it better.  Pushing it back, she gathered her courage, opened her eyes, and turned to face her husband.  There was just enough moonlight to see his expression was blank.  Directly behind him was Felix, Lord Hyde, and Eleanor, all with grim expressions on their faces.  Eleanor gave her a sympathetic look, at least.
"We need to leave.  Now."  His voice cracked like a whip, indicative of the emotions he was holding inside.
Behind her, Cordelia heard Gabrielle groan, and it was all she could do not to echo the sound.  It felt like her heart was breaking inside of her chest as she looked at the stern, distant countenance of her husband.  Iron will-power and years of practice hiding her emotions were all that kept her from bursting into tears.
******
Seeing Gabrielle's shoulders slump at his directive, Philip felt a surge of relief that was quickly ruined once they began to make their way back towards the house.  Movement through the hedges and whispers told him at least a few people out in the gardens were aware something scandalous had just happened.  What they didn't know for sure, they would probably make conjectures about.  Thankfully, Eleanor had found both her husband and himself fairly quickly.  Once they'd reached empty rooms, both men had only waited about five minutes before taking themselves back to the ballroom, confused and disappointed.  They'd just rejoined a rather harassed looking Felix and Manchester when Eleanor had come rushing up, urgent and out of breath from searching for them.  Fortunately, they hadn't needed to question Arabella for Gabrielle's whereabouts this time, although Philip had heard her brother muttering imprecations about making sure she didn't involve herself in Gabrielle's antics again. 
As far as Philip was concerned, there wouldn't be any more antics for either young lady to be involved in.  Enough was enough.  Hopefully Felix felt the same way.
Eleanor had taken Cordelia's arm to lead the way back to the house, allowing Felix and himself to flank Gabrielle while Hyde brought up the rear.  
Not far from the entrance to the gardens, there was a scuffle and a few shouts.  Recognizing Thomas and Walter's voices, as well as a third he couldn't quite place, Philip hurried forward, his instincts telling him the dramatics of the evening hadn't concluded yet.
Standing between Thomas and Walter, hands on his hips as he demanded they let him pass, Viscount Fenworth looked past them to see Philip's party, with Gabrielle at its center.
"There she is!" he shouted loudly, drawing even more attention from the balcony beside the ballroom, where a small crowd was already gathering.  He pointed dramatically at Gabrielle, whose cheeks had gone bright red.  "I told you my bride was waiting for me!"
Behind Philip, he heard Felix mutter a curse.  With his announcement, Fenworth had just ruined any chance they had at smoothing over a scandal.  Even though Gabrielle had obviously returned from the gardens well chaperoned, between her dance with the man last night and the fact that she'd gone to meet him tonight, assumptions would be made.  Gabrielle's reputation was effectively ruined, despite their attempt to save her from her poor choices.
"Waiting for you?  I was taking a walk in the garden with my friends, and I'm already married," Eleanor said haughtily, looking at Fenworth like he was a worm.  Philip choked, mentally blessing his cousin as he heard a murmur of confusions from their growing audience.
Fenworth went red in the face, his fists clenching at his sides.  "Not you, the Lady Gabrielle of course!  My bride-to-be!"
"We," Eleanor emphasize the word, hooking her arm with Gabrielle's, "were walking in the garden."
Despite her hauteur, Philip knew the ruse wouldn't be successful.  It might help salvage some of Gabrielle's reputation, but it wouldn't be enough.
"She wasn't with you when you left the ballroom a few minutes ago," Fenworth shot back, proving Philip's thoughts to be true.  Damn the man.  
"That's enough, Fenworth," Philip growled, knowing nothing Eleanor said would be able to undo the damage anyway.  The best thing they could do was remove themselves from the situation as quickly as possible, regroup, and figure out what to do now.  Besides, he didn't like how pale and anxious Cordelia looked, although he could only imagine how much Gabrielle's attempted elopement must be distressing her.  She tried so hard to be a good example to her stepdaughter and took far too much responsibility for her; Philip knew she'd somehow manage to blame herself for Gabrielle's heedless actions.  
"I suppose I should come with you," Fenworth said smugly, smirking at Philip.  "We'll need to discuss arrangements."
Philip stared him down coldly.  "I see no reason to do so."
The look on Fenworth's face was almost comical, despite the seriousness of the situation.  The Viscount sputtered.  "No one else will have her now!  She has to marry me!"
"You-!" Gabrielle's outraged sputter turned into a gasp of shock as Felix suddenly sprung forward, planting his fist firmly in the Viscount's jaw.
Chaos descended as Fenworth went down, Felix on top of him, Gabrielle darting forward to try and pull him off, and Cordelia following to try and pull Gabrielle back.  With an exasperated noise, Philip swung his wife out of harm's way, handing her off to Hyde to keep hold of while he extracted Gabrielle from where she was hanging on Felix's arm, shrieking at him to stop.  Thomas and Walter assisted, also pulling their brother off of the now-bleeding Viscount.
"What were you thinking?" Felix bellowed at Gabrielle, turning on her.  "You could have been hurt jumping in like that!"
"What were you thinking?!" she shrieked back at him.  "He's a Viscount!  You can't just attack him!"
"I'll hab you up on chargesh for dis!" Fenworth's muffled words punctuated her retort as he held his nose, which was bleeding heavily.
Thomas, a future viscount himself, loomed over Fenworth.  "Get the hell out of here while you still can, unless you wanted to face attempted kidnapping charges."
"We were elobing!"  The Viscount scrambled away as Felix turned towards him again, still holding his nose.  
“Unless you want an appointment at dawn, leave now.”  The utter lethalness of Felix’s voice was frightening.  
Apparently the Viscount agreed; he scampered away, heading around the outside of the house into the darkness.
Before Felix and Gabrielle could resume throwing accusations at each other, Philip grasped his ward by her upper arm.  "We're leaving.  Now."
He was all too aware of the titters and whispers above and around them.  They'd given the ton enough of a show for the evening.  Now they were going to have to figure out what the hell to do.
******
"What are they talking about in there?" Gabrielle asked, agitated, as she paced around the room.  It was obviously a rhetorical question, because there was no way Cordelia could know.
The carriage ride home had been made in complete silence, with Philip and Cordelia on one side of the carriage and Felix and Gabrielle on the other.  She was fairly certain she'd seen tears on Gabrielle's cheeks in the darkness, but if so, Gabrielle had wiped them away before exiting the conveyance.  The only thing that had kept Cordelia from crying during the journey was Philip's hand, wrapped firmly and securely around her own, his thumb rubbing against her soft skin.  With his stoic expression, it was the only sign she had from him that he didn't hate her, that, whatever he'd overheard, he didn't find it unforgivable.  It gave her hope.
Unfortunately, she hadn't been able to talk to him, to ask what he'd heard and try to explain, because the moment they'd arrived at the house, he'd sent Cordelia and Gabrielle to the drawing room while he and Felix went to his study.  She hoped that perhaps the reason he was speaking with Felix and not with her, and the reason she'd been left out of the discussion, was because Felix was going to step in and save Gabrielle from a choice of ruin or marriage to Viscount Fenworth, but as that was only a supposition, she didn't want to bring it up.  She also didn't know if such a conjecture would reassure Gabrielle or agitate her further.
"They've been in there forever," Gabrielle muttered.
Cordelia glanced at the clock on the mantle.  "It's only been fifteen minutes... perhaps I should ring for some tea."
"I don't want tea," Gabrielle said shortly.  "I want to know what they're talking about in there."  She paced some more, clenching and unclenching her fists.  "What was that nitwit thinking anyway?  Attacking a Viscount!"
"I believe he was thinking that the Viscount in question was attacking your reputation."
"My reputation was already ruined," Gabrielle said, her voice suddenly lifeless.  "Fenworth just wanted to ensure I would marry him."
"Why do you want to?" Cordelia asked, genuinely curious.  "You were so happy to leave the country, why would you want to go back?"
Silently, Gabrielle paced some more.  Finally, she stopped, turning to face Cordelia.  "You love Dunbury."
"Yes," Cordelia said, a bit hesitantly, unsure of where Gabrielle was going with this.
"If he loved another, would you want to stay where you had to witness it?"
That had been exactly Cordelia's fear, before Philip had professed his love for her.  The idea that he might come to love another woman while he was married to her.  If she'd been in such a position, solitude in the country might look appealing to her as well.
Going under the assumption that Gabrielle was speaking of Felix, Cordelia just shook her head.  "Felix doesn't love Lady Winchester, Gabby, I can promise you that."
Ignoring the nickname, a sure sign of her sincere distress, Gabrielle gave Cordelia a pitying looking.  "Sometimes, Cordelia, you are so very blind."
The door to the room opened, making both ladies jump.  Cordelia stood, her stomach fluttering a bit as Philip came through the door.  He was alone.
Gabrielle jumped and darted towards him.  “Philip, I’m sorry.  I really am.  I didn’t want to dishonor you or Cordelia, I swear-“
Taking her hands, Philip made a surprisingly soothing noise.  “Don’t worry, you didn’t dishonor us.”  He pulled her into an encouraging hug, giving Cordelia a nod as he did so.  She nodded back uncertainly, unsure of what he was trying to tell her by the gesture.  Pulling away, he looked down at his ward.  “Everything’s taken care of.”
“Are you going to punish me?”  Strangely, her voice sounded almost eager although it was also full of fear and anxiety.  Cordelia didn’t think the eagerness was because Gabrielle enjoyed being spanked.  It was more as if she was eager to right any wrong he felt she had done.  Actually, it was rather encouraging in a way; she was looking to him for guidance and for correction, even though she knew how much it would hurt.
"We'll talk in the morning.  Go on up to bed, I need to speak with your stepmother," he said.  To both of their surprise, Gabrielle just nodded and started for the door.  Holding it open for her, Philip gave her a warning look.  "There will be a maid outside your door and there's a footman watching your window.  Do not attempt to leave the house."
Nodding again, Gabrielle fled, probably relieved that whatever punishment she was going to receive, it had at least been delayed.
******
Sighing, Philip walked over to his wife and pulled her into his arms, enjoying the feel of having her safely cradled against him.  Cordelia leaned into him, rubbing her face on his shoulder.  It had been a trying night, and he wasn't sure if Cordelia was going to be entirely happy with the outcome, but he didn't see any other solution.  Fortunately, Felix had agreed, and had already left to obtain the special license.  Whatever talk Fenworth might try to stir up, a marriage always saved a girl's reputation, and if someone as respected as Felix was willing to marry her, most of the gossips would accept she hadn't actually been ruined.  The rest of her rehabilitation in the eyes of the ton would come from her connections, and he knew he could rely on his cousins and their friends, as well as Arabella's family, to support them.  Manchester had been horrified at his sister's inclusion in tonight's machinations.  It was no small thing to have a Duke on one's side.
Holding his wife, he could feel some of the tension slowly sliding away.  
"Philip?" Her voice floated up to him, anxious and a little wary.
"My apologies, sweetheart," he said, realizing that she must still be anxious and worried about Gabrielle's prospects.  "I just wanted to hold you for a moment.  Felix has offered for Gabrielle and has gone to ask Manchester's help in securing a special license for tomorrow."
While it was fairly late in the evening, it wasn't so late that the Archbishop would refuse a call from a Duke.  Even though neither Philip nor Felix blamed Manchester for tonight's debacle, they were willing to use the debt that the man felt was owed for allowing Gabrielle to slip away to their advantage.  The other bonus being that it would soothe the duke's conscience to help rectify the situation.
"Oh... oh!"  Cordelia's eyes widened with surprise and then delight and relief.  "That's... that's wonderful."  A hint of trepidation trickled into her expression as she hesitated and then added, "I think, eventually, Gabrielle will be happy with that."
"She should be damned well grateful," he grumbled, but he knew Cordelia spoke the truth.  Whatever issues Gabrielle had with Felix, they would have to work them out.
Cordelia shifted her weight back and forth, looking a bit agitated, and he raised his eyebrow at her, realizing she had something else on her mind as well.  Something she wasn't sure she wanted to talk about, but which she wasn't going to be able to hold back.  Sometimes she was remarkably easy to read.
"Philip?" she asked softly, her gaze sliding down to his cravat as she started to fiddle with the fabric of his waistcoat.  He'd left his jacket in his study when he'd been talking with Felix.
"Yes?" he asked, somewhat amused.  Cordelia working herself up to something was always adorable to him.
"How much did you hear of what Gabrielle and I said in the garden?"
He cast his mind back, trying to remember the first part of their conversation he'd heard.  "Ah... enough to know you put your foot down to her.  Enough to know you chose me this time."
The warmth he'd felt at that moment flooded through him again.  He'd been almost limp with relief in the garden, despite his fury at Gabrielle's thoughtless and ruinous antics.  Even now, he was still incensed at the chit, but knowing Cordelia trusted him, that she would have come to him to help her, was certainly the redeeming factor to this entire evening.
"But did you hear what she said about... about Marjorie's house party?"
Seeing Cordelia's agitation, it dawned on him that she expected him to be upset.  Philip chuckled.
"Yes, sweetheart, and I'm very flattered."
"You are?"
******
Confusion reigned.  Cordelia had no idea how to respond to that.  It was not at all the reaction she'd pictured.  Had he somehow misunderstood?
"Oh yes.  I didn't realize that I was such a prize," he said, teasingly, "to be the subject of such dire plotting."
Her mouth shaped into a little 'o' as she was rendered silent, still highly confused.  Philip laughed at her expression.  
"Sweetheart, if I hadn't wanted to marry you, do you truly think any amount of plotting on your part could have induced me to do so?"
Looking up at her confident, dominant husband, Cordelia flushed.  "Well... no...  I suppose not."
"Exactly."
Leaning down, Philip took her mouth in a kiss, teasing her lips open with his tongue.  Cordelia made a little noise, relief overtaking her that he wasn't angry.  She was so very, very lucky to have him.  
Tugging at her skirts, Philip pressed her down onto the couch, making Cordelia gasp. 
"Philip!  The door-"
"Shhh, be very quiet," he murmured, pushing her skirts up above her hips as he gently nibbled on the delicate skin of her throat.  Cordelia moaned in excitement, pushing her body up at him.  Her nipples pebbled as she realized he'd left it unlocked.  The adrenaline and excitement rushed through her as he pulled down the top of her dress, exposing her hard nipples to the air.
Pulling one into his mouth, he sucked hard and deep as he simultaneously opened the front of his pants, releasing his cock.  She whimpered, moving her hips up and down as he suckled at her breasts, running the head of his cock up and down her wet slit, teasing her with it.
"Please, Philip," she begged as he pressed the rigid flesh against her clit, circling the nubbin and coating it with the moisture from her pussy.  "Please, I need you."
"Shhh," he murmured again, nipping at her soft flesh.  "We wouldn't want anyone walking in on us, would we?"
Cordelia's insides contracted, her body shuddering at the idea, even as her pussy creamed in excitement.  
"Please," she whispered, fingers clutching at him as he tweaked her nipple with his fingers, the head of his cock sliding down to her hole, pressing in and then pulling away again.  The need to be filled was a desperate ache in her core.  "Philip, I can't take it."
As his cockhead slipped inside of her again, she suddenly thrust up her hips, impaling herself on him, and he groaned, stiffening as she began to move beneath him, so desperate to fill herself.  She tightened her legs around him, pulling him down onto her, whimpering and mewling in her erotic distress.  The last of Philip's control seemed to slip from him and suddenly he was furiously pounding into her.
Cordelia cried out, unable to mute the sound as ecstasy welled.  She was so full of him, every inch sliding against her sensitive flesh and sending glorious tingles of pleasure through her.  Burying his face in her shoulder, Philip rocked, pumping hard and fast, just as needy as she was.
The door creaked.
"My lady, are you- oh!"
The door slammed shut.
Instead of pushing her husband away - as she ought - instead of being horrified - as she should - Cordelia's reaction was as wantonly indecent as it could be.  She orgasmed instantly, realizing they'd been caught, that the concerned maid had seen them... and it pushed her over the edge. 
Sobbing with pleasure, she managed to pull herself up enough to bite down on Philip's shoulder to muffle her screams of pleasure as the glorious climax rocked her.  Just as unheeding of the maid as she was, Philip's thrusts had barely paused at the interruption; he groaned as her teeth sank in, and she felt him go stiff above her. 
He throbbed inside of her, adding to the convulsions of her pussy, both of them joined together more intimately than just the physical connection.  
Cordelia panted for breath as Philip caressed her, cherishing her with his hands and body, the way he'd promised.  
"My apologies, sweetheart," he said, breathing the words into her ear.  "Next time I'll lock the door."
She thought it over.  "If you so desire... but you don't have to."
The rumbling chuckle vibrated against her body.  "Oh, you naughty girl.  I think I'm going to need to spank you."
Shuddering, Cordelia clutched him closer as another small orgasm wracked her, tightening her pussy around his slowly-shrinking cock.  She arched her back up to lick his earlobe, smiling as he hissed in appreciation.  "If you insist, my lord."
She was scandalously debauched and thoroughly corrupted, but only her husband - well and now their household - knew it.  But Cordelia knew Philip liked her this way.  His eyes were glowing in appreciation at her seductive, challenging words.  Cordelia had been one to follow the rules all her life, but she'd never known how satisfying her life could be until she'd started following Philip's rules.

Epilogue
Felix groaned with relief when he finally returned home to his bachelor's quarters, happy to be done with this day.
Damnation.  He grimaced as he realized he was going to have to find new quarters.  Immediately.  Jermyn Street was no place to bring a respectable woman.  Bachelors lived here and only bachelors. 
He had several notes to send out, not the least of which would be to his brothers and parents.  Felix could only imagine the dramatics his mother would create if she were deprived of being at her son's wedding.  She'd be thrilled one of them was finally getting married, and he doubted she would care even if Gabrielle truly had been ruined by Fenworth.  Not as long as Felix wanted to marry her.
His mother was a true romantic, for which he counted his blessings.  There were certainly going to be some who looked at Gabrielle with censure after tonight.  A respectable marriage could only do so much.  Of course, once the old tabbies realized he was going to be just as faithful to his marriage vows as the much-gossiped about Dunburys, that would calm quite a bit of the talk.  The gossips did love a reformed rake, and that Gabrielle would be the one to "tame" him would actually do her quite a bit of good in their eyes.
In the meantime, a hasty marriage and a quick retreat to the countryside where they could cement their bond seemed in order.  Felix didn't fool himself into thinking Gabrielle was going to be pleased by his and Philip's solution to her reputation.  She'd been like a cat with her fur rubbed the wrong way ever since he'd met her, and - perversely - that had just made him more intrigued by her. If she'd truly wanted to be rid of his attention, she should have fawned on him.
His brother Walter had told him he was sick in the head when Felix had admitted his fascination with Gabrielle and why, and Felix couldn't bring himself to disagree.  
Perhaps some of it was the challenge.  She had thick walls around her, and he doubted anyone truly knew her.  Much of what Cordelia thought of her was pure conjecture based on observation.  The same as Felix had been forced to do.  None of her suitors seemed to truly see her; they were happy to accept the charming veneer she presented, without trying to see deeper.
Felix wanted to be the one to break through those walls and discover the real Gabrielle.  From the small flashes of truth he'd seen, he thought he'd rather like that Gabrielle.  He knew he did.  The fire inside of her, the brat that never quit – when she wasn’t being cruel he liked that side of her – and the loyal friend that she already was to Arabella and Cynthia.  Felix hoped that loyalty would be transferred to him as well; he wanted her loyalty, her passion, and even the brat that she could be.  He doubted he’d ever be bored.
And it didn't hurt that he'd wanted to bed her from the moment he saw her either.  Or that he'd seen the shiver of excitement when he'd bent down and whispered in her ear after Philip and Cordelia's wedding that he'd spank her if she didn't behave herself.  Even then, knowing he'd had no right, he hadn't been able to control himself from thinking about it.  Fantasizing about it.
Feisty, furious Gabrielle with her flashing green eyes and haughty chin... he'd be all too happy to help with the reformation of her viperish tongue.  She'd have been wasted on a man like Pressen or Fenworth.  Neither of them could see the true worth of her, the vulnerable waif hiding in her eyes, although he was sure they suspected she was a passionate woman.  He doubted either of them would be able to bring those passions to fruition however, because he doubted either of them realized she craved a man to bring her to heel.  Philip had told him that the physical discipline he'd instituted had had a very salutary effect on her, and Felix intended to see that didn't go to waste once she was his wife.
Disciplining Gabrielle might take a lifetime, but Felix certainly didn't mind the effort.  Not with her.
******
"I won't."
"You will."
"I won't."  Gabrielle resisted the urge to stomp her foot.  Or burst into tears.  Or any other number of useless gestures that would get her nothing but a stern look and threat of a red bottom from Lord Dunbury.  Her guardian.  Her stepmother's husband.
Her stepmother was a lucky woman.  Everyone loved her. 
And no one loved Gabrielle.  Not even the man who was going to marry her.
Tears stung at the backs of her eyes, and she blinked rapidly, her chin going up.  "You can't make me."
"I most certainly can," Philip said, his tone going cold.  Inwardly she quailed, although she didn't give any visible sign of it.  Gabrielle would rather be spanked than have Philip turn off his emotions towards her.  She hated it when he looked at her with impatient disgust.  She especially hated it when Cordelia would try to intervene.
Life would be so much nicer if she could just hate her stepmother.  Did the woman have to be so bloody perfect?  Someone should nominate her for sainthood.  It was an example Gabrielle could never hope to replicate.  Cordelia was patience, sweetness, and light, no matter what happened to her.  She saw the best in everyone and every situation.  It was like she had sunshine glowing from her very pores.  By comparison, Gabrielle felt like a squat toad.
She knew she was beautiful.  Men liked her because she was beautiful.  But that was an empty kind of admiration.  A lonely way to be appreciated.  On the inside, she was ugly.  Especially in comparison to Cordelia.
"The papers have been signed, Gabrielle.  You put yourself into this position, and you should be grateful that Felix was willing to do the honorable thing and put himself forward."
"I'd rather have Fenworth."  
Absolute honesty, that.  Gabrielle didn’t even have to twist the truth.  Better to be married to a man who wanted her for her money than to a man who would actually tear into her heart day after day after day.  The only reason she'd wanted to be married and away from this house was to avoid him...
"Fenworth isn't an option.  You'll marry Felix, today."  Philip looked at her, and something in his countenance softened.  Just a bit.  Cordelia must be getting to him too, Gabrielle though bitterly.  She was the kind of wife men wanted, the kind they were willing to change for.  "He'll take good care of you Gabrielle."
Of course he would.  Because to do anything else would disappoint his darling Cordelia.
Perhaps this was karmic justice, after all her years of being a fairly terrible step-daughter, Gabrielle was going to marry a man who was in love with her stepmother.

About the Author
About me? Right… I’m a writer, I should be able to do that, right? 

I’m a happily married young woman and I like tater tots, small fuzzy animals, naming my plants, hiking, reading, writing, sexy time, naked time, shirtless o’clock, anything sparkly or shiny, and weirding people out with my OCD food habits. 

I believe in Happy Endings. And fairies. And Santa Claus. Because without a little magic, what’s the point of living?

I write because I must. I live in several different worlds at any given moment. And I wouldn’t have it any other way.

Want to know more about my other books and stories? Sign up for my newsletter!  

Come visit my website!  I also update my blog at least a couple times a month. 

You can also come hang out with me on Facebook in my private Facebook group!

Thank you so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed the story… and don’t forget, the best thing you can do in return for any author is to leave them feedback! 

Stay sassy.




