







Pickle Pie
Ver 3.0.6

George Saoulidis













By George Saoulidis
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2018 George Saoulidis
Published by Mythography Studios
All rights reserved.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.











To Stamatis, for introducing me to Jugger.














DROP ONE


Patty got hit, and her body paralysed completely.
She hated getting hit, and that stupid longsword offered no protection at all. She preferred sword-and-shield, having something to block with, something to cover her body. But the stupid coach forced her to use this useless weapon.
“One Pinup Girl is down, and it seems like more are about to go the same way,” the commentator said.
The opponent who got her with her own longsword, Echidna was her name, went on to tear through one more teammate, then her Qwik. Oh, she blocked alright, both arms together covering her body, but the force of the blow made her stumble backwards and it opened her up for another player, Hydra. Hydra was a Chain and could reach far so all she needed was an opening. She went for it, her cyberarm a bunch of snakes writhing on her side, extending like a whip, jaws snapping.
Qwik went down too, bleeding. She knelt in an expanding pool of pink blood, her calf bitten off, paralysed.
Patty’s head was at an awkward angle and all she could do was turn her eyes towards the action. The Beasties went through the rest of her team, the drum beating, slow, so slow.
The Beastie Qwik, a nimble, tiny woman called Gorgon, had the skull and was going for it, running to score.
“And the Beastie Qwik goes for the final skull. There she runs, more of a saunter, since the match is pretty much finished. Finished, like Anglet Finishing for wood, the best varnish money can buy.”
Drum beat, the final one.
Patty felt sensation in her entire body again, her fingers and toes tingling, but there was no time to recover. She lurched towards the qwik, dodged an incoming snake, slid the last few metres by kneeling on the ground and hit Gorgon on the leg. She knelt and dropped the skull, kicking it away by accident.
Echidna got to her, her longsword a flurry of blows. Patty barely managed to parry and heard the drum beat again.
Gorgon was about to recover. Patty made a feint, that if successful, would give her a window of opportunity.
Echidna fell for it. She stepped back to avoid. Patty swung her longsword and instead of attacking, she hit the enemy Qwik again, this time on the neck.
Her motion was so fast that struck with quite a force.
Something snapped.
“Oh, what a blow from Patty Roo! Was she going for it? ‘Cause if she was, it was na-sty.”
Gorgon got paralysed again. Patty’s own Qwik recovered, and went for the skull, limping. A trail of pink behind her.
“And we’ve got Pinup Girls’ Qwik still going at it, she just doesn’t give up, does she?”
“Well, it is after all the deciding match for the preliminary round of the tournament. The girls are giving it their all,” the second commentator replied.
Patty placed her body in her opponent’s path. “No shield, dammit,” she hissed. She did her best to cover her Qwik.
Echidna stepped forward, her motion an impossibly fast jab, her longsword right into the Qwik’s ribs. She buckled and knelt, this time from the pain as well as the paralysis.
It was over.
Patty glanced behind at her teammate. She wasn’t getting back up, no matter how many stims or reserves of blood she might be pumped with.
Distracted, Echidna struck her on the torso.
Crack.
Another blow to the arm.
“A foul! The ref is going nuts over this, but Echidna doesn’t seem to care.”
Another to the face. Patty spat pink blood, her lips barely able to move under the paralysis.
“What a finish from Echidna! Finalising the match for the Beasties, but at a severe price indeed. The medics are rushing in right now, and it doesn’t look good for the Beastie’s Qwik. The drumming is over and Gorgon is still not moving, people. We might just have a casualty this soon in the tournament.”
Patty watched the medics like a dream, petrified. They strapped Gorgon’s neck down, lifted her on a gurney, carried her away.
A streak of pink blood dripping from the side of her mouth.
A Beastie, sure. The enemy, sure. But she never meant to harm anyone.
“And we got preliminary scans, she’s gonna make it, people! Just a spinal injury. Gorgon is off the game, possibly forever. One of the fastest Qwiks ever seen on Cyberpink, with a lifetime score of 452 skulls in the mount. Will the Beasties recover from this serious blow this early in the tournament?”
A moaning came from the seats around the stadium. Booing for Patty Roo. Lots and lots of booing.
Patty’s knees gave way, adrenaline left her system, stims ran their course and made a brand of very expensive piss. They had lost.
She saw the medics over her head and then it all went dark.














DROP TWO


“What am I supposed to do with this?” Hector said, pushing the flash drive back.
The client was fidgety, to say the least. He kept licking his lips, scratching his elbow till it bled, and only half of this behaviour was from substance abuse. “Come on, man, it’s collateral. I’ll pay you the rest as soon as I turn a profit. I got a tip, man. I got a tip.”
Hector sat back down on his chair and sighed out loud. He’d never stay seated when a client was present at his store, but Diego was no longer a good client. A long-time client, sure, but a good one?
Nah…
He grabbed a piece of armour and kept working on it to keep his hands busy while the junkie apologised and went on and on about how he’d finally get his big score and pay off his debts.
He fixed a spot at the armpit, the client had complained that it dug into his skin and made it uncomfortable. Custom armour was his expertise, so he simply grabbed his tools and fixed it. Yeah, he ran his fingers on the curve, there was indeed a sharp edge that could catch fabric. Just a tiny bit of filing and a cloth tape to make it softer. Hector cut the tape with his teeth and stuck it in place like an expert. He spun it around in the light, you could hardly see it.
“The tournament man, I’m telling you, we’re gonna get rich! Filthy rich.” Diego placed the flash drive again on the desk. His fingers dirty, his nails even worse, his clothes stinking from some drug joint, he placed the flash drive on the surface with reverence.
Strangely, it was the only thing that was clean on that man.
“Filthy, indeed,” Hector said, raising his eyes back towards his client. “Diego,” he demanded. “For the last time, I’m not a sports manager. I make armour. I fix armour. I custom-fit armour. That’s all my father did, and that’s all I know how to do. I don’t know shit about sports.”
“But-But that’s it, it’s perfect, I’m telling you. The girls, they wear armour. Can’t you see, it’s a match made in heaven?” Diego cupped his hands together to underline his point.
Hector breathed in hard and instantly regretted it. The aroma was… intense. “Diego, just pawn it off and bring me at least a portion of the money you owe me,” he said, the matter already past its expiration date.
“Nah, man, I only trust you with my woman.”
“That’s… Wow. Let’s just say, wrong, on so many levels.”
“The pawnshop will just sell her off,” Diego said, head bowed. He cleaned his nails nervously. “At least with you, I’ll know she’ll be treated good, like I have.”
Hector leaned forward and threw the chest armour aside. “Diego, please don’t get me wrong, but I need to say this to you and I’ll try to be as clear as possible. I don’t give a shit about your woman. I don’t give a shit about your bets. I need the money you owe me. Canvas is collecting tomorrow. Figure it out, sell the blockchain key, whatever.”
Diego bit his lip, his eyes darting around the place, outside, far away down the street. Hector could see that the man wanted to run, but he wasn’t stopping him. It was a lost cause. He should know better than to work with a junkie, but Diego had been a long-time customer. His father would have cut him off instantly, but Hector was too soft for business.
No wonder his was going under.
His chair creaked. His shelves were practically empty. His clients non-existent.
He spun around in his chair and made a decision. “Diego, get the fuck out, and get me my money. Please. Now let me get on the phone with actual paying customers in case I can score a last-minute order.”
He turned his back.
Diego froze and said nothing for a while. Then he shuffled out of the shop.














DROP THREE


He locked up the shop and went upstairs to his apartment. He wrote a few emails, drank some cheap ouzo, then sent them to clients through the PGP encryption. It was the middle of the night but his clientele wasn’t exactly keeping a 9 to 5 job, to say the least.
He sipped some more ouzo to get a slight buzz, and then got out to the balcony. Athens looked peaceful. The view wasn’t much, just a fuzzy sky, brownish yellow from all the smog. The LED streetlamps made it worse. He was on a parallel street to Syggrou avenue. The street had a few shops, artisans like him, specialty items. Custom firearms, grips, equipment, sex toys. Clients of the don’t-ask-don’t-tell variety. Aliases, negotiations in encrypted channels, payment in cryptocurrency.
All the usual stuff.
He had to get 10 thousand for Canvas tomorrow. He glanced at the side of his field-of-view for the time. Thirteen hours left.
Canvas, the local enforcer for Ares Defence, would swing by monthly and ask for a cut. In return, he kept you safe, mostly from himself. Canvas was a titan of a man, a tower of muscle and power. He liked to fuck guys. Two guys, in particular, his boys named Michael and Angelo. And he enjoyed long walks down at the shops, maintaining the peace, and draining the blood of his enemies to paint on his body. He liked to have one of his fuckboys paint on him with blood while he fucked the other.
Seriously, there was video and everything.
Hector had watched it while covering his eyes for most of its duration. He had to admit it was good porn, under two conditions: One, you liked gay threesomes, which Hector did not. And two, you could somehow see past the fact that a person had died painfully to get you this lovely piece of pornography.
And that man was about to knock on his door in a few hours.
Forget emails.
Hector got back inside and got on the encrypted app. He would make some calls and bug some people. What would they do? Kill him?


“Yeah, details are on the email I sent you. Put in an order now with a down-payment and you’ll get 50% off on ten body armours. Yeah, you might say that. Excellent. As soon as the payment hashes I’ll get back to you for the specs you want, okay? Perfect, nice doing business with you.”
He hung up. Yes! Four thousand euros. That was something.
The rest hadn’t replied, or said they didn’t need anything at this time. Hector checked the news, there was nothing about shootings, break-ins, corporate assassinations, nothing.
Damn.
Business sky-rocketed when there was something like that happening. He felt like a vulture, but what was he supposed to do? Not feel happy when a terrorist attack downtown brought in five new clients in one day?
He downed the rest of the ouzo, straight. He tapped on his table, he was amped up and had a buzz going on. Sleep? Puh. He’d sleep when he was dead.
He loaded up Canvas’ social profile on his veil and walked around his workshop.
There had to be something here that could save his ass.
This big ‘ol riot armour? He could adjust it for the big guy. But it was bulky, ugly even. Made for maximum protection. Sure, it was intimidating, but Canvas didn’t need help in that department.
A helmet? Something with flames? What did gays even like? Flowers?
Hector giggled, the stress upon his impending death made him fuzzy, but he couldn’t stop. Nah, he pictured himself in his mind presenting a flowery helmet to the titan, then getting stomped right there on the spot into a puddle of blood, then Michael dipping his brush and wiping it slightly with a flourish.
No.
He needed something Canvas would fucking love.
Hector stopped in front of what he called the slut-guard. He didn’t advertise it as such, but in this street even that might be good advertising.
It was transparent armour, flexible. A chest-guard for ladies, liquid armour that transformed upon impact and could absorb a bullet shot, transparent so they could show off their physique and/or expensive underwear. Knife-proof, water-proof, comfortable. It couldn’t save you from bigger calibres but you obviously needed more padding for that. This one had a specific purpose in mind, personal protection with style.
Hector lifted it in his arms. It was tiny, barely able to cover Canvas’ left side, let alone his entire chest.
That was it! Art. He could splice it with…
Hector slapped the armour down on his work bench, sleep entirely gone, his mind sharper than ever. Impending death does that to a man. He had a few hours to work on this. He could do this. Order in a couple of parts, which would arrive by eleven o'clock…
He gripped his hammer. “Hephaestus grant me strength, I dedicate this to you as my greatest piece,” he mumbled, and got to work.














DROP FOUR


Canvas arrived on time. He walked at the front, his two fuckboys at his side, plus two more men. New guys, Hector hadn’t seen them before. They stayed outside forming a relaxed perimeter and Hector got up to the door to greet him.
“Canvas, my man, looking good today!”
“You look like shit, on the other hand,” Canvas said. “I got a lotion for those bags under the eyes of yours, does wonders.”
“And I’d love to try it, please, send me a sample. But come on in.”
Canvas adjusted the enormous machine gun hanging on his shoulder and sighed. “When people are this much polite with me, I know they ain’t got the scratch.”
“Times have been tough,” Hector said, his head bobbing up and down. “But I got some, four-k.”
Canvas glanced back at Angelo and shook his head. “Four-k is something I can show my superiors, for today.”
“No, there’s no need-”
Angelo kicked one of the displays over and smashed it on the floor. That little blond bitch. Hector flinched but ignored the damage. “And I have something I know you’ll like. Let’s call it a gift.”
Canvas raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“Follow me round the back, it’s in my workshop.”
Hector darted at the back and the titan followed.
“Now, this, is a work of art. Absolutely unique in the world, no one else has this.”
Canvas frowned. “It’s weird. What is it, a half-armour?”
“It’s sexy armour, my sexy man. Check it out. Please, I took the liberty of fitting it to your size, try it on.”
Canvas glanced back at Angelo and the fuckboy lifted his rifle a few degrees, casually covering his boss. He undressed right on the spot, his current armour slapping the floor in falling parts.
“There’s a changing room right- Oh, right, with that physique, you’ve got nothing be ashamed of.” Hector looked away.
Canvas looked down, fussing with it. “How do I-”
Hector adjusted the straps.
“Now, imagine walking around with this, with your chest and your six pack painted, just the way you like it. You can show it off, you can be the Canvas!”
Canvas looked at his reflection in the mirror.
Angelo stepped close, his expression lustful.
Yes! Hector contained his excitement. But he made a tiny punch in the air.
“How do I look?” Canvas asked.
“Badass and sexy,” Angelo whistled. “I love it. In fact, I wanna do you right here.”
“Nice. And this stops bullets?”
Hector went into full selling-mode. “High quality metamaterial, transforms upon impact into better than Kevlar, impervious to knives. Shows off your body and protects it at the same time. Bitchin’ cost-per-centimetre, only celebrities and corporate bigshots can afford it.” Then he turned away and said casually, “Viko wears it.”
At the mention of the celebrity’s name Canvas perked up. “Viko? Seriously?”
“Doesn’t leave home without it. Custom-job, with these hands right here.” Hector wiggled his fingers. “You know I don’t tell on my clients but I know I can trust you.”
Canvas eyed himself in the mirror some more. He looked real good, Hector had to admit. A muscled titan, intelligent, trained, armoured to the teeth but with transparent parts interwoven at strategic places. Badass and sexy indeed.
Hector felt kinda proud.
Now if he could live to enjoy the feeling.
Canvas stepped close and Hector started. He slapped him on the shoulder and showed his perfect teeth. “I like it.”
Hector took his first truly deep breath in hours.














DROP FIVE


Timbo heard the voice of god.
His naked feet slapping on the cold marble, he spun around the metro station.
“Get out,” the voice of god said.
Timbo looked up, checked every corner. The ceiling was so high and he turned his head so much that he fell on his butt.
“I said, get out!” the voice of god boomed from everywhere.
Timbo darted away and ran a few paces, then hid behind a corner. Surely god couldn’t see him now.
“I can still see you,” god said, his voice clear, coming from all over. It crackled like bad radio, like the one grandma always listened to.
Timbo needed to get some coins for the day. He didn’t really know how much he had, but he could hold them in his palm and feel the weight. He was definitely light and phuro would smack the shit out of him if he returned like this. Timbo found out that the best place to hang out was next to the recharging booths. People put their metro passes in the machine, tapped a few things, then either swiped another card or put in coins. The ones counting coins while approaching the machine were the ones who Timbo could swindle. He’d go up to them, dig his nose for a booger, show them his filthy legs and look up at them with his big eyes.
That’s what the familia said, anyway. That he had big eyes. Timbo couldn’t see his eyes to see how big they were, but if everyone insisted so, it must be true. And Timbo was good at it, he’d go up to people and plead and they’d give him some of the coins the machine spat out. They came out of the slot with the plastic you could see through at the bottom, and Timbo had tried to reach in and grab some more coins but none fell. And the machine scratched his arm and it hurt and Timbo said ‘Owie.’
That’s why god was yelling at him, for kicking the machine that dropped coins.
Timbo looked around. It happened that the metro station was empty at this time. Well lit, everything worked but there was no one else around except poor-little-Timbo. He hid behind the corner and held the coins in his hand. They were too light. He knew phuro would be mad.
Timbo needed to bring something back. All his brothers and sisters and cousins brought something back every night. Else they got a beating and didn’t eat and slept outside. Sometimes people looked at Timbo’s dirty hands and feet and gave him things to eat, telling him about begging and how he was being used.
Timbo nodded and smiled and kept his palm up but he knew he wasn’t being used. Familia was familia. You just provided for the familia, and the kumpania as a whole. Didn’t these gadjes know that?
And when you were old enough to have your own kids, you got part of the day’s loot at the lovoro. Timbo had a cousin that was already old enough to have two kids of his own, which his wife carried around all over southern Athens. Timbo saw them some times because he rode the metro all day and went up and down and up and down. They were nice to him and checked how light he was and sometimes gave him a couple of coins to bring back to phuro.
His cousin knew first-hand how tough some days were.
“Get the fuck out, you shitty, disgusting little gypsy!” god said from everywhere.
Timbo started and ran like hell.
He ran against the flow of the escalators, panting while they dragged him back down. In his hurry, he forgot that this way was harder. Timbo only went against the flow when he was bored and wanted to play. In his hurry, he went this way and pushed on all fours to get higher.
He got outside. His eyes quickly adjusted to the dark street. The metro was so bright and with reflective marble that it might as well be daylight down there. He walked a few blocks, looking around, waiting to see if the god could still see him.
Thankfully, he couldn’t.
Timbo curled his toes. The marble was nice and smooth, but the street was a different sort. Timbo would have liked to have shoes but phuro always said he’d grow bigger anyway and what was the point? Plus he looked more pathetic that way and people gave him coins.
But now it was cold and Timbo walked alone. He wasn’t lost, he knew the way back to phuro’s corner, and even if it got too late, he knew the way back home. He wasn’t lost. But he didn’t dare go back with just these coins.
So, he’d find something to bring home. Stealing, the gadjes called it. His familia didn’t call it that, but the gadjes got really angry when they caught you doing it. If they didn’t catch you, then it was fine.
So, Timbo just needed to find something to bring home. Something… like a balloon? No. Like… a chocolate bar?
No, not that either.
Something… like that man’s bag? He’d left it propped up against a streetlight. He was sitting in the dark, waiting. He kept scratching his arm and couldn’t sit still. He made Timbo scared but did he really have a choice?
Also, the man didn’t seem all there. He looked like other gadjes looked like when they spoke to someone on the phone, but he had no phone, Timbo was certain he was speaking to himself. But his mind was away, definitely.
Timbo was small. It was easy to walk silently, hug the wall, stay in the shadow.
He extended his little hand towards the bag.
The man turned towards him and Timbo hid back, sure he was caught and was going to get a beating, and then he’d get a beating from phuro too for not bringing anything back.
But the man just twitched like before and mumbled on.
When he looked away, Timbo decided to just go for it. He reached out and grabbed the bag. It was full of something that Timbo couldn’t see and it was much heavier than Timbo thought. He grunted and he was certain the man would hear but he didn’t. 
Timbo carried the bag away, feeling the weight, smiling wide.
He’d bring something home today.














DROP SIX


Diego scratched the scabs on his arms. He could almost hear his mother’s voice telling him to stop that, but he carried on, making them bleed.
He couldn’t help it when jonesing like that.
Swinging on the balls of his feet, he waited in the alley. It was dark and he couldn’t see shit. He searched his pockets for he trusty flashlight. It took him far too long to realise that he’d sold it the day before. Traded it for a single line of coke. He needed that line.
He scratched his scabs through his sleeve.
Where was that damn Ukrainian? The dude was shady as fuck and didn’t treat Diego well, but he was always on time. Punctuality was a weird positive characteristic of all good mafiosos. If you didn’t come on time, people got anxious and pulled their piece out.
Itchy trigger fingers always got someone killed. Always.
Diego licked his lips, biting down on the dried wounds. He looked up and down the dark street, it was way too fucking dark, man! Who in their right mind would make a rendezvous in this shithole? Athens was a basin of a shithole but you could find some illuminated part of it to conduct business, man! And somewhere where the wind didn’t blow and freeze you down to the bone.
He gripped his coat tight. It barely did anything, lame-ass Turkish knock-off. It just looked cool and Diego liked feeling cool. He needed good threads for his business, man. How else was he going to get his own team? He had Patty Roo, and it was a good start. Not too shabby, not too expensive. A good mid-lister athlete. Jeez, was he lucky on that bet or what? That fucking Apostolis needed cash like stat and Diego was there to bet on it? Lucky, lucky, fucking lucky. Apostolis, the ignorant twat lost of course and handed over the key to Diego’s woman. 
By Demeter’s ginormous boobs, what a blessing had she bestowed on him that day!
Diego scratched his scabs. They hurt but it felt good to have some sensation in this chilly night. If only he had his flashlight, man.
He checked the merchandise. Four state-of-the-art HPP vests. Gorgeous, simply gorgeous, like always. That fucker Hector was an artist with this shit, man. Diego always told him so, fucking glad he was his friend, man. So proud. So fucking proud.
Diego scratched his arm again. He looked down at the bag. Where was the short Ukrainian bast-
Finally.
Car lights. Diego raised his arm, couldn’t see. Someone got out. Short and thick, like the Ukrainian. “Fucking finally, man, I’ve been freezing my balls off here!”
The man said nothing and stepped closer. Diego couldn’t see his face.
“Got your shit right here. Top-shelf shit, best in town. You won’t be disappointed.” He shrugged. “Had to really dig into the stock for these, wasn’t easy. But for you, and for the right price…” he trailed off, his voice sounding proud.
The Ukrainian’s face was ugly and scarred as always. “Come on, Diego. Show me the stuff.”
“Sure, let me-” Diego froze and looked at the place where the bag was a minute ago. “Um…” He scratched his head, shuffling his feet in the dark. Maybe he kicked it away without noticing? Maybe left it a streetlamp over?
“Stop this nonsense, do you have it or not? Don’t waste my time.”
“It was right there, I swear! Just a minute ago, just before you pulled over-”
“Malaka prezoni,” the Ukrainian spoke in Greek profanity, and pulled something out of his jacket.
A flash, and for a single moment, Diego could see everything. The dirty street, the broken lights, the closed shutters, the car ahead.
A little angel, dashing away on bare tiny feet.
He put his hand on his belly and it came back bloody.
Diego gurgled a profanity back at the Ukrainian. The man ignored him and simply left him there.
The junkie laid there in the middle of the street, a puddle of blood forming around him.
It wasn’t that cold now. Even the shivers went away.
Diego had just enough time to send a final message.














DROP SEVEN


Diego sent him a weird text. ‘Look in the cupboard. Take care of her.’
Hector tried calling him back but his phone never connected. He was far too tired and shaken up to deal with a junkie’s incoherent thoughts right now, so he ignored it and went upstairs for a nap. As soon as he hit the bed, he felt sleep hugging him all over like a blanket.


A few hours later he felt better. Hardly refreshed, but it would have to do for now. He narrowly avoided stepping on Armadillo. His pet eyed him angrily since he had forgotten to feed it. It was trained to press the autofeeder for dry food so it never actually risked starvation due to negligence, but the posh bastard liked the canned stuff better.
Hector checked the cupboard. “Yeah, sorry, Armadillo,” he said, yawning, “make do with the dry stuff. I didn’t buy any food for me either, I was too busy making sure we weren’t murdered.”
The Armadillo perked up and wiggled its front legs.
“I know you’d survive. But what about squishy old-me?” Hector waved it away. “Ah… I’ll go for groceries, we’re empty anyway.”


The day felt nice. The city was still shitty, but having a new lease on life made everything seem over-saturated, the colours, the smells, the life around him. He would normally get the truck, even for a drive this short, but today he wanted to feel the air you know, suck in the carbon monoxide. He crossed Syggrou avenue, ignoring the prostitutes at their corners. He went two streets out of his way to Diego’s usual joints, which was behind a bookie’s place.
Hector wasn’t a sports guy. For the first time in his life, he took note of the various posters and stats running for soccer and basket and Formula 1 racing, both classic and electric, but his eyes fell on the Cyberpink tournament. It was kinda hard not to. The whole thing was designed to attract the male gaze while it robbed you of your savings.
He stepped inside the betting place. Screens upon screens with stats, replays, matches, all AR controlled and all with directional holosound that meant everyone could hear just the game he wanted, making the place have a weird echoing effect as if it was haunted. Men and women bet on teams, on outcomes, on players, MVPs, and to Hector’s shock, on player injuries.
He realised he knew nothing about Cyberpink. There were some women, in teams? And something about a skull? A dog skull, for some reason? And points?
That was the full extent of his knowledge. His implant helpfully popped up a search result in his AR but he swiped it away. He felt too tired to learn new things right now.
Where was Diego? This was his usual joint. He asked the shopkeeper.
“Oh, man, he owed you money too?”
Hector took note of the past tense. “Yeah, but that’s not why I’m asking. I actually know the bastard for years now.”
“Oh, maaan, so sorry then. My condolences.”
Hector took a step back. “What the fuck are you talking about?”
“He got rolled just this morning, man, two blocks from here. He was frail from all the drugs and bled out before anyone could help him out. I’m sorry, I really am. And you’re not getting that money back, Diego had no bank accounts or nothing. He owed me too, I had a hacker run a check.”
Hector forced a smile at the man. “How business-wise of you,” he deadpanned.
The man shrugged. “It is what it is, man. If you knew how often I need to do this, you wouldn’t be so judgemental. Anyway, care to place a bet? The Beasties are looking good for the cup this year.” He raised an ARO in his palm, an Augmented Reality Object that could be seen by anyone on the veil, which meant pretty much everyone on the planet. An armoured woman, sexy as hell, with her ass perked up and seductive lips. “That’s Siren, my favorit. Gorgeous, ain’t she? Which one do you like?”
The man looked up and seemed like he really wanted to know.
“Uh. I’m not a sports guy. Where did you say Diego got rolled?”
The shopkeeper tapped a street number and shared the map with Hector.
“Thanks.”
“No problem. Come bet on Siren, yeah? Guaranteed money!” he shouted after him.














DROP EIGHT


Nobody had bothered to wash the blood.
Hector stood there with his hands in his jacket pockets. The blood was red on the fringes, dried up, looking blackish-brown now. It wasn’t pink. This wasn’t a sports game. This wasn’t a show on the veil, or on the net, or on VR.
He had known Diego for more than 10 years, and that’s a lot of time when you’re only 30. Practically your entire adult life. He wasn’t a real friend, but he knew the bastard well enough.
They had gotten drunk a few times together, had a few laughs. Less when he became an addict, since then it was all about the next score with Diego. He never was the best of customers but he always paid back his debts with intel from the street and various opportunities. Most of that was shooting the shit, but some of his tips had actually panned out.
And now, what was left of him was a stain on the side of the road. A discarded food wrapper stuck on the dried up blood.
Trash clinging to trash.


He spent the next half-hour pacing up and down the same alley, trying to get someone on the phone. Diego’s body had been picked up and was to be disposed of by the city of Athens. He wanted to be recycled, get a tree grown out of him. They informed Hector that his friend was apparently a Demeter worshipper.
Hector smiled in surprise. He hadn’t known this environment-conscious side of him. The city declined the request in the will due to the lack of funds, naturally. But even a corporate church didn’t give handouts to people. Especially dead ones.
Hector thought about it for a minute.
“I’ll pay for the funeral, as per his wishes. Send me the invoice.” 1200 euro, the email said.
He checked his bank account. 1700 euro. “I’ll just add it to the rest that you owe me, stupid bastard,” he said to the blood spot.
“Excuse me, sir?”
“Nothing. I’ll take care of it right now.”
He hung up, paid the invoice electronically and went for groceries, even though the mere thought of food right now made him barf.














DROP NINE


Back at his workshop, Hector had a nagging thought. He read the last text Diego had sent and read it out loud to Armadillo.
“Any ideas? No?”
He put down his tools and went at the front. He stood at the place Diego was the last time he saw him. The time he turned his back on him. He looked around.
The cupboard at the right, close to the exit.
He opened it.
The flash drive was there. Clean. Precious.
That sly bastard. He had turned his back, what, five seconds? Ten, at most?
Hector gripped it tight and then went to visit another artisan he knew of.














DROP TEN


“Nice babe you got there,” the overweight man said, scrolling on his computer. The hacker’s den was full of gutted out computers and soft drinks.
“Tony, I still don’t understand this blockchain ownership thing.”
“Violator, man. My name is-” the hacker whined.
“I’m never gonna call you that. Now stop wasting my time. Explain,” he said looking bored, motioning for him to move it forward.
Tony the hacker took a sip and thought about it. “Look, the blockchain is public and immutable. It’s a public ledger of who sent what.”
“I use cryptocoins, I kinda get that. Okay. How does this stick benefit me?”
“This stick simply carries the paramone, the ownership hash key of the assigned athlete. In this case, of one Patty Roo,” Tony presented the image of an athlete.

Name			Patricia Georgiou
Alias		Patty Roo
Strength		2
Speed		1
Strategy		3
Sexiness		1
Cup Size		D
Augmentations	21%
Team			Pinup Girls (Temporary Replacement)
Position		Enforcer (Sword and Shield)
Wins			4
Losses		67
Income		4500
Sponsorships	None

Hector leaned forward, suddenly not bored anymore. “4500 income, as in euro per month?” He whistled. It wasn’t a fortune, but he needed three full orders to get to that level of income with his shop, and he also had expenses and material costs to think about.
“Yeah. Lemme load up the Cyberpink Owners App on your veil…”
Hector tapped the install button as soon as it appeared, his eyes never leaving the stats page.
“And now the ownership hash key…” Tony tapped his keyboard. “Let’s wait for a few seconds. Three confirmations. Seven. Done.” He turned his chair and toasted him with an orange juice full of sugar. “You are now the proud owner of a Cyberpink athlete. Her paramone contract belongs to you.”
Hector sat back down and took in a breath. “And I’ve just become a slave owner? Just like that? How is this even legal?”
“Debt,” Tony said, pinching the air before him as if the word hung from his fingers. “Massive, crushing debt. It’s not slavery, not technically. It’s debt bondage. The girls are just paying back what they owe the corporations by producing income. Of course, the injuries and the upkeep costs keep piling up, along with the interest and the late fees. It’s all perfectly legal according to the contracts we’ve all signed, and they just go through Cyberpink for years before they even get close to paying off their debt.”
“So, I don’t own a slave, I just own the debt she owes, so until she pays it off, she’s technically mine to do as I please.”
Tony licked his lips in a disgusting way. “Getting ideas?”
“Yeah!” Hector spat out, wide eyed. “I’m gonna put her to work and pay off my debts.”














DROP ELEVEN


They took Hector’s truck and got to the Cyberpink stadium. The streets were full of incoming people, buses emptied entire rows of fans, cars parked everywhere and anywhere.
Noise, electronic music, hot dog stands and loukoumades stands, people yelling, excited.
“I never understood this whole being a sports fan thing,” Hector admitted, waving around.
Tony bought a handful of soft drinks. “Oh, you’re missing out. Didn’t your father bring you to any games?”
“My father taught me how to make armour.”
“Sounds exciting. Then again, it’s a living, right? Let’s go over there, gate C, that’s our seats.”
Hector followed in the wake of the overweight man as he pushed through the crowd. He never liked crowds, made him feel uneasy. Unsafe. He could make do with at least two of his armours on display right now, even the lighter ones. The vest he wore barely felt as enough protection. People fell on him, one squirted some ketchup from his hot dog on him and didn’t even apologise, kids thrashed while being carried by their parents, kicking others around them with impunity.
Madness.
The Cyberpink girls were everywhere around them. In gigantic posters, in lifelike holoprojections, in AROs that included a handy ‘Buy Now’ button that got you a high-res animated version to wank to, everything.
Colours, flesh, breasts, junk food, booze, but it’s all still kid-friendly somehow, suitable for the entire family. Bring your son to a Cyberpink match, have something to remember when the shitty brat becomes a teenager and doesn’t wanna hang out with you any longer.
Excess.
Bread and circuses.
Hector shook his head. Who was he kidding? If anything, he was part of the system now, a proud athlete owner. He could hardly believe it.
“Come on!” Tony yelled and waved him to come up the bleachers.
The place was packed. Hector sat down, having to elbow Tony a bit ‘cause he took up so much space. The stadium was much smaller than a soccer field, closed dome, but with the same blinding lights shining down on the grass, the gigantic scoreboard, the photographers and videographers flanking the field.
Of course, you could load up everything on your veil and watch from any angle you desired. All for a low-low subscription of 14.99 euro. The ad blasted in Hector’s face, completely illegal in other areas, you couldn’t just highjack people’s veils like that without their permission, but they had accepted the Dionysos Entertainment terms and conditions upon purchasing the ticket.
Their house, their rules.
A big breasted Cyberpink athlete jiggled them in his face, and he tried to ignore the annoying ARO.
Tony elbowed him back, grinning. “You think this is silly.”
“Well, yeah.”
“But you’re also kind of getting amped up.” He offered a soft drink.
“I have to admit I am. No, thanks, I really don’t wanna have to use the toilet here. So, tell me all about this crap. I don’t know shit about it.”
“Nothing? Wow. Okay, let’s see. Jugger is a simple sport, but lots of fun.”
“It’s like soccer with medieval weapons, right?”
“Pretty much. Two teams on either side, five athletes each. One qwik, one chain, three enforcers.”
“That’s all?”
“That’s all it needs. But it gets complicated real fast, so let me explain.”
The match was about to start. Horns blew, music blared, fans shuffled to get seated.
“The only one who can carry the skull is the qwik from each team. So the others try to protect her, while hitting the opposing team.”
Dionysos’ logo flashed in the middle of the stadium. Fans roared.
The Pinup Girls ran in a loose formation inside the stadium. Their team colours were green and white. They posed in unison, just like in old-timey pinups. Perking up their butt, puffing their chests, squeezing their lips.
Fans went nuts, screaming wild, giving public declarations of love, flashing their cameras to get a tiny piece of the lovely women.
One wasn’t that much perky. They had expertly covered her in the back. “Is that her?”
“Yup, that’s your girl. No offence man, but she seriously looks out of place in the Pinups.”
“None taken,” Hector grunted while keeping his eyes on his investment. Yeah, she was different, all right. Short hair, excessive augmentations around her body in contrast to the rest of the Pinups who only had the breast type, real armour which Hector couldn’t see clearly from this far away but already approved. She held herself in an awkward ‘sexy pose,’ obviously trying hard and obviously failing harder at it.
The stadium erupted. Hector thought he had gone deaf. The announcer could barely be heard. The opposing team entered, and the crowd roared, standing up, throwing their food in the air, rattling the metal gates while security took them down, tazing them with impunity.
“Ladies and gentlemen and variations thereof, presenting the Daaarlings of Deeestruction!” the announcer said in his rumbling voice.
“I’m guessing they are the favorit to win this match?” Hector yelled to be heard.
“Sure are. Man, I love me some Pinups any day of the week, but the Darlings… Well, you’ll see.” He kissed his fingertips.
“Oh, wow, that’s some nice armour,” Hector said, appraising the value of each item as the Darlings went past and he saw them on an AR closeup.
Tony turned to him. “What are you, dickless?”
Hector choked. He nodded, explaining, “No-Yes, they are hot, but their armour is seriously fine, I’m not kidding.”
Tony chortled. “You are messed up, my friend.”
The two teams took their spots on the field. A referee placed a skull in the middle, and they waited in a line at the opposing ends. There was a mound behind their backs made of something orange and soft. They held weapons, swords and a ball and chain, that seemed like they were made of practice material, with soft edges and enormous tips.
Then a drum started thudding deeply, reverberating across the clamouring crowd.
The athletes darted forward, covering the distance in a second. Hector couldn’t follow the action. Someone struck another, she knelt down, the small-figured ones ran for the skull, they got hit but one parried with her arms? “Why don’t the other ones parry with their arms too?”
“Only the qwiks can, shut up now,” Tony said focusing on the action and taking a sip.
Something happened in the middle, swords struck, a woman fell on her back, the action moved forward. A ball and chain swung in a wide arc and struck a Pinup Girl, her head wrenched sideways and she flew backwards with so much force that she travelled about five metres, pink blood spraying in the air, the crowd going wild.
Then a qwik slapped the skull down.
A ref whistled. Horace was shocked. “What the hell? Eleven seconds and they scored already?”
Replays ran in a loop, the poor girl getting hit in the face, her head jerking back again and again, pink blood shooting off in the air.
“Cyberpink. It’s the fastest sport ever. You’ll get used to it. Tap the replays in your veil. Once you understand the rules, it’ll become easier.”
“Okay. And, at the risk of sounding stupid, why is the blood pink?”
“Oh, that. It’s ingenious actually. Because the broadcast rules state that you can’t show blood on screen, they have a machine-learnt AI change the colour of the blood in the stream in real time.”
“But we’re not watching it streaming. It’s here, live.” Hector opened his palm lamely towards the match.
Tony waved about. “It’s a light at a specific wavelength, plus some opaque AR and it looks pink, even when you’re here in the stadium.”
“Wow. That’s…”
“Brilliant, right?”
“Sick. That is… sick.”
“Oh, yeah? I wanna see your face when you collect the paycheck from the match, owner.” He said the word as if it tasted bitter.
Hector shut up. Sure, he was a hypocrite. But what could he do? His business was going under. It wasn’t like he had asked to own an athlete, it just sorta fell on his lap. He could sell her as soon as possible and make a nice profit. Tony would happily hook him up with the market acquaintances and make sure it went smooth, for a cut.
They carried the Pinup Girl on a stretcher and a replacement walked in. It was Patty Roo. She carried a longsword and she looked uneasy.
Who wouldn’t? One team member down, one point lost already. This game was nuts.
The drum started again and the athletes darted forward, once again a flurry of blows and parries and lunges forward and screaming and…
The qwik scored.
“For fuck’s sake!” Hector exclaimed and stood up, the crowd around him moaning with him.
Tony grinned and took a sip. “You’re hooked already?”
“Come on, it’s barely been a full minute and we’re losing?”
“Don’t worry, the athletes get paid the same, win or lose. The winners get the bonuses of course,” he mumbled to himself, nodding. “And the sponsorships, and the merchandising, and the sex, and the-”
Hector waved him away. “I get it.” He sat back down, sagging on his seat. “I got a loser.”
“Yeah. Man, you’re forgetting who the previous owner was. Diego, man.”
“Yeah,” he breathed out.
“It’s an ad break, I’m gonna go take a whizz. I should have listened to you about the soft drinks.”














DROP TWELVE


Hector pulled his hair.
This was so stressing. The match went on, he could barely keep up. Swords and staffs and balls-and-chains flew and smacked everyone around.
He had no idea what was happening. He ran replays and watched Patty Roo.
She seemed good at this, but something was off. She spun her longsword with precision, she sidestepped so many blows, dodging them by an inch. But the opposing team as a whole seemed to be better.
Much better.
All the Pinup Girls had to show for was their boobs. Hector checked their stats. Sexiness, 3. Sexiness, 2. Sexiness, 3. The useful stats were all ones. Sure, it made for a sweet ad package, but it wasn’t gonna let them win any matches. Ass or no ass, this was still a sport, dammit!
Or, maybe it didn’t even matter?
Hector was this close to tearing a handful of hair out. From a business standpoint, it was insane. The Pinup Girls wore skimpy armour that barely covered them up, going for sexiness rather than protection. Helmets were out of the question of course.
No wonder they were being ground to paste. Two athletes down, with weeks of recovery and possible permanent damage?
Nuts.
He sat at the edge of his seat, almost ready to drive back at the shop and get these poor girls some proper gear. I mean, fuck, even the cheapest gear he had would have stopped that last debilitating blow that cost them a point.
The weapons were supposed to be of training quality, soft, foamy, plastic. But force equals mass times fucking acceleration, and when you had cyberarms swinging them around with so much strength it didn’t matter if they were foamy or not. They still knocked your teeth out.
Blood. That was the game. Correction, that was the show.
But the waste behind it all was maddening. Didn’t these people care about these poor women, at all? At the very least they could protect their investment. Buying an athlete was not cheap, even in this shitty third-tier league.
Tony came back, pushing his gut between the fans, and sat down. “Man, it took forever to take a piss. I ended up whipping it out at a shack next to the toilets.”
“Lovely to hear that,” Hector winced.
“What did I miss? Oh, ten points ahead? Sorry, man, no bonus today.”
“Doesn’t seem like it, yeah. But…” He got lost in thought. “I mean, they…”
The drumbeat started again and Patty charged. She was sluggish, clearly still recovering from an injury even before the match. Still, she was good. She struck two opponents, paralysing them for a few drumbeats. Hector had figured that one out on his own. She kept both of them down, leaving an opening for her qwik and the chain to swing wide and cover her. They ran in unison, going for the mount.
They got blocked, and both took a knee, the skull rolling in the ground. It was covered in pink blood. Patty moved forward and covered her qwik while she recovered, but it was too much, they all ganged up on her.
She fended off one Darling, but the rest struck her down. The stadium mics picked up an audible crack of her ribs. Another blow from a staff, and Patty went down, blood spraying pink all over the Darling. The crowd reacted with a collective wince.
The Darlings of Destruction kept on kicking Patty on the ground, and the referee pushed them back, screaming in their face.
Hector caught himself feeling worried. “Those damn bitches!”
“Totally,” Tony agreed.
“Is this legal?”
“Not really. They’ll get a warning,” he said simply. He then crushed a can in his hand and threw it on the floor.
“A warning?” Hector shouted. “They just put her in the hospital!”
Tony turned to him and shrugged. “What do you want me to say, man?”
Hector was speechless.














DROP THIRTEEN


The ambulance lit up the street in blue colours. It was late at night. People peeked out of their windows, curious to see what the fuss was about.
“The odd thing is, that in his neighbourhood, we’re usually doing a pickup, not a delivery. Sign here, please,” the medic said and presented a tablet for him to sign digitally.
“You can’t just leave her here,” Hector complained.
The medic glanced up at his face. “Aren’t you the registered owner of this athlete?”
“Yeah… But-”
“Then it’s your problem, not mine. They stabilised her down at the ER and now she just needs to recover. You can look up an FAQ at our website for instructions and supplies you might need.”
“Which website?”
“Just look under Cyberpink Common Questions on the Apollo Medical site.”
Hector blinked and pointed down. “So this is common?”
“More than you might think,” the medic said and checked the paperwork. He seemed satisfied and called up his partner, who got ready to push from the back of the ambulance. “So, where do you want her?”
Hector rubbed his face, practically slapping himself awake. It was late, and this was all too much. He usually lived a quiet, normal life. Customers came in, a couple of rush orders, some invoicing. That was pretty much the extent of this daily excitement.
“Come round the back where I load the gear, and we’ll put her up in my room, I guess. I don’t have a guest room.”
The medic raised an eyebrow but said nothing. They lifted the stretcher and carefully got her upstairs, then placed her on the bed.
Hector was happy to notice that they were gentle. Corporate fuckers that did the absolute bare minimum so as not to get sued for malpractice, but gentle.
“Thanks guys,” he said, and they took off into the night, leaving him alone with his property.














DROP FOURTEEN


Hector put his face in his palms. “What am I doing?” he mumbled.
The woman was unconscious on his bed. At some point she might have been pretty. It was impossible to tell any more. Underneath the scars and the bruises, there were calluses on most of her body. Half her face was a cyber replacement, her right arm was one as well, from the hand up to the elbow. A knee was completely replaced with titanium and plastic, ankles were reinforced with some sort of protection to avoid injury, and the ribcage was encased in overlapping plates of armour.
Hector checked out the handiwork, trailing his fingertips along the edges of the armour. It wasn’t skeevy, but a pure, professional appreciation, the way he’d check out the bronze chestplate of a hoplite soldier in a museum.
“She’s a work of art,” he whispered, and realised he was breathing hard.
He stood there for a few minutes, appreciating her.
Then he replaced her IV bag and went to get some supplies. This would be a long night.














DROP FIFTEEN


He had 500 euro at the bank. He spent 400 in medical supplies and IVs with nutritions. Plus a house-visit from a mechdoc.
The man handled her as if she was a piece of meat. He took care of the internal bleeding and reset the broken rib. Then he ran more tests, carting a small infirmary of gear with him, all carried by an autonomous four-legged…
Mule, was the right word?
Army-quality, definitely. It moved like a beast of burden as if it was alive. But it had no head.
“Doc, listen, I can’t pay for all this right now. I still haven’t collected shit from her and she’s already out cold…”
“Don’t worry, Mr Troy,” the mechdoc said, going through the bloodwork in his portable lab. “You’re a respectable businessman, well known in the community.” He tapped the side of his head. “I’ve asked around about you, yes. I’ll send you my invoice and we’ll discuss late fees if the situation doesn’t change. This is the start of a long-running partnership, not a hack-job.” His voice was gravelly, deep, full of bass. He made you feel reassured that you wouldn’t die in his hands.
That was something, at least. “Thank you so much.” Hector shook his hand.
“I understand you’ve never owned one, before?” the mechdoc asked.
“A woman or an athlete?” Hector laughed.
“Both. They can be a handful.”
“If you say so. Do you own any?” Hector asked, offering some ouzo.
He accepted it, taking an appreciative sip. “No. I’m asexual,” he said simply.
Hector raised an eyebrow. “Really. Must be handy, in this line of work. And you’re an expert in both cybernetics and medical issues?”
“Yes, right on the overlap of the two specialisations. There are many complications even with the finest of cyberlimbs, without taking into account the brutal punishment these women endure at that so called sport.”
“You don’t watch it?”
“Not really. I get to see the aftermath up close,” the mechdoc said. “When you witness how the sausage is made, your appetite for it might suffer,” he added, making his point, and drank some more ouzo.
“Makes sense,” Hector said, lost in his thoughts while staring at Patty lying there on the bed.
The doc cleaned up his equipment and packed everything in neat little pockets on the mule.
“Will she be okay?”
“Still early to say, but I think she’ll recover. That’s a tough lady, right there. Just follow my instructions, let her heal. As for the ruined arm, I can suggest some Hermes replacements and you can see what your budget is. I can handle the installation, not to worry.”
Hector let his head hang. More costs. Medical, now cyberarm replacement. And he still hasn’t gotten a cent out of her. This was bad business. But it’s not like he had planned for it. “Thank you, Doc, for everything.”
The mechdoc nodded and left after a while, his robot mule strutting along.














DROP SIXTEEN


Patty felt like shit. No, scratch that, it was an understatement. Her head felt torn apart, her leg had a thousand daggers digging inside and her chest hurt only when she breathed.
She found a man standing over her, his hands on her body. She moved her hand to push him away, but couldn’t move.
“Wh-” her throat was dry. She licked her lips. The man took notice of her. He was tall, dark, but not particularly handsome. Rugged, you’d describe him as. He had calloused hands, powerful but dexterous. He had a barely trimmed beard and short hair, with a spot missing on his skull from a definite burn sometime in his past.
She pushed upwards and her arm threw sparks, servos whirred. She broke free of her restraint and grabbed his neck. A slight squeeze and his throat would be crushed. The man was surprised but made no attempt to fight back. His eyes were brownish green and gentle.
“Why am I tied down?” she hissed. One of her eyes couldn’t focus, instead pointing in different directions and producing a double image for her that was extremely dizzying.
The man tried to speak but simply made dry heaving sounds.
She reduced her squeeze a mere fraction.
“Calm down,” he croaked. His voice was deep. “You’re safe. I’ve been taking care of you. I was working on your chest armour, a plate is bent and is digging into your belly, cutting the skin. Just look, look for yourself.”
She looked down, indeed there was a nasty scratch on her belly that needed care. It hurt like a bitch, but she wasn’t gonna admit that to him. “It’s fine.”
He nodded slowly, only as much as her squeeze allowed him to. “No, it will get infected, and I need to straighten the plate. I already got you a tetanus shot. Your records say it’s been a while since your last one.”
She squeezed again. “How the hell did you get into my medical records?”
“I-” she let him speak again, “I’m your new owner. Hello. Hector Troy.”
She sniffed. “I see. Patty Roo.” She let go.
He coughed slightly. “Nice to meet you, at last.”
She looked around the room. This was definitely a man’s room. No curtains, dust everywhere, a few books, posters of various knights and warriors new and old, all in armour. A holophoto, a looping minivideo of a black-haired boy and his father at some yard, smiling wide and being happy. Socks on the floor. Definitely a man’s room. “Why am I here?” she demanded. She sat up and regretted it instantly.
He showed his palms in a non-threatening gesture. “This is weird, I’ve gotten used to you all this time but I guess you’ve never met me before. You’ve been my problem for so long-”
She interrupted him. The word ‘problem’ stung a lot more than she cared to admit. She never liked being someone’s problem. “How long?”
“Two weeks. They patched you up at the hospital and dropped you at my doorstep. Sorry, but I couldn’t afford to keep you there, and the Doc said it would be pretty much the same for you if you stayed here.”
“Here, as in your bed?” she asked, eyebrows raised.
“Yes. I don’t normally have guests so that’s the only one. I’ve been sleeping on my couch.”
“For two weeks?”
“You get used to it after a couple of nights.” He rubbed his neck as if massaging a crick in it.
She planned to get really, really angry at him. She didn’t know why, but she believed it would set a good foundation for their relationship from that point forward. Then her uncontrollable eye — gods, she must have looked real stupid like that — focused on a bedpan for an entire second, and the reality of her condition sunk in along with the things this man, this stranger, had had to take care of.
She rubbed her thighs together. She didn’t feel dirty, just a bit sore on the muscles.
Patty blushed.
He stepped to the side and undid her IV. “We don’t need that anymore,” he mumbled softly. He leaned down to get the needle out of her other arm and hesitated.
“I can do it,” she said and tore it out. A drop of red blood appeared but nothing more.
“Are you hungry? You’ve gotten all the nutrients the doc prescribed, but it must suck not having anything solid in your stomach. What can I get you? I have some rice, and some jello. Strawberry. And I can also get you some ice cream, to celebrate you surviving this thing.” He clapped his hands together and smiled. His smile felt sincere. “Chocolate, perhaps?”
“Pickles.”
He blinked. “Excuse me?”
“I’d like some pickles. Please,” she nodded.
“Pickles?” he said, bouncing on the spot, his expression still stating that he didn’t believe her.
“Yes.”
“Nobody likes pickles,” he said, forcing a smile.
She turned to the window, feeling hurt, pouting like a little girl. “I like pickles,” she said softly.














DROP SEVENTEEN


“This is her?” Tony said, licking his lips, peeking inside the room.
“Obviously. She’s passed out right now, she must be in a lot of pain but won’t admit to it.” Hector pointed at the futility of it all with a swig of ouzo.
Tony went inside with reluctant steps and took a selfie with her. He giggled like an overgrown fanboy. He came back in the kitchen and showed the pic to Hector.
He shook his head.
“You know, you could have her make some cash on the side, even in this state. I know some people online, I’d only need to put the word out and they’d bite for sure.”
Hector stood up and paced towards him. He came up right to his face, making sure he exhaled warm, ouzo-flavoured breath right in his nose.
“If you ever suggest something like that again, I will cut your balls off,” he said simply.
Tony squealed. “Nnno, I didn’t mean- Okay, out of the question. Totally get it, out of the question. Will never bring it up again, promise.”
Hector moved a millimetre forwards.
Tony started and slammed on the back wall. “Promise!”
Hector turned around and walked slowly back to his seat, downing his drink. Armadillo stood up on its back legs, trying to figure out what all the fuss was about.
Tony sat down with his hands on his knees, seemingly trying hard not to seem like the disgusting slime that he was. “So, what can I do to help?”
“You seem to know this shit, the whole Cyberpink business. Tell me what I’m supposed to do. Do I have to sign her up in advance? Hire her out at a team? What do I do?”
“Good questions, all of them. Yeah, it’s pretty much what you said, you have to honour her contract until it lapses or becomes void. Let’s see…” Tony loaded up the contract and shared it with him. 
“I can’t read this shit right now, especially with a drink in my hand.” Hector pushed the ARO back.
“I bought this legalese AI and modded it, check this out.”
The document became garbled and then it became readable, in plain English. “Huh, much better,” Hector said. “She’s bound until the end of this tournament to serve as a replacement at the Pinup Girls, failure to do so will have a penalty of yadda yadda, except in cases of severe injury, incapacitated, okay. So I need to have the mechdoc sign her hospital care again so that we are not in breach. That’s doable. And she has to play in any matches that the coach needs her. With two Pinup Girls out, that will mean they’ll need her as soon as she’ll be able to walk again. Okay. What else?” Hector squinted to read more. “Oh, by the way, good job with this, Tony.”
Tony seemed to feel real nice for becoming useful. He wisely said nothing.
“End of clause, etcetera. Okay, basically it says I have to honour the contract as it is, they don’t care who the owner is, still bound, whatever. I wasn’t planning on going in and rearranging things right off the bat anyway, I’d have honoured it even if she hadn’t been injured. We’ll do the paperwork on that and go along with the contract for now. Hopefully, we’ll get paid once this is all over. What else? Accommodations. Why doesn’t she have them? Isn’t it a team thing?”
Tony stood silently, then suddenly pointed at himself. “Oh, you’re asking me? Lemme look it up on the fan forums.”
“There are fan forums?” Hector frowned.
“Just one? Try one for every team, one for all major players and one for every fetish, redheads, blondes, cup size…” He trailed off.
Horace cut him off with a slash of his wrist. “I don’t wanna know. Just the actual info.”
Tony typed on his laptop, lightning fast. “Here, they say that she had a temporary bed at Pinup Girls but they threw her out ‘cause there were dorm room issues.”
“Issues like what?”
Tony whistled. “Apparently she got into a fight with Pinup Clarissa because she brought in fans to party for the night.”
“And they kicked the odd girl out, rather than dealing with the actual problem.” Hector sighed and touched the bridge of his nose. “And where is her stuff?”
“Her stuff? Dunno. Oh wait, judging from these selfies the Pinups posted, I assume she has a locker left there.”
Hector poured some more ouzo. “One more thing for the to-do list, contact the Pinups’ owner and get her stuff. I’ll call him tomorrow. What else? What do I do?” he asked, repeating the ‘do’ silently, blowing air. He had a nice buzz going on.
“Well, you’re an owner. You manage Patty Roo, house her, feed her, care for her repairs and medical needs. You’ll want to have another contract lined up before that one is over, you wouldn’t wanna wait to do it last minute. Let’s see. You can negotiate sponsors, ads.” Tony sucked in air through his teeth. “But she wasn’t much of an earner in that area to begin with.”
“I know, don’t worry, hit me with facts. This is business, you won’t hurt my feelings. Go.”
“You could rent a place for her or house her here. And then there’s the best part.”
Hector eyed him hard.
“Not that. I’m never gonna mention that one again. No, the best part is upgrades, man! You can upgrade her. Reflexes, implants, speed, pain resistance, anything goes. That’s what Cyberpink is all about.”
Hector mulled it over, nodding. “That means more money, obviously. Sure, but let’s get her to pay her rent first before we sink more money into her. But you’re not telling me the most important bit. Can I just, you know, sell her? Like the ownership hash key, like we did?”
Tony seemed taken aback by this. “You don’t wanna keep her?”
“Hey, this is your fantasy, not mine. Do you wanna buy her? And even if you do, I’m still gonna cut your balls off if I find out you’re pimping her out.”
“No! No, I can’t afford her, anyway.”
“And I can?” Hector spat sideways. “Can’t I just sell her? I mean, this isn’t my business. I make armour, I do custom jobs. I have clients, my store. I’m not gonna get caught up in that crazy circus, with sponsors and athletes and ads and screaming fans. I don’t belong there.”
Tony simply nodded in silence.
“I don’t even like women! I mean I do like them, but I can’t really stand them after the whole screwing part is over. All that yammering, the demands,” he mimicked the voice of his ex. “Drives me crazy. And that’s the normal, girlfriend type of woman. What am I gonna do with one who’ll probably hate my guts for legally owning her?”
Patty moaned in her sleep.
Tony glanced towards the bedroom. He, very wisely, said nothing.














DROP EIGHTEEN


Patty stared at the pickle on her lap. It was on a plate, with a fork and knife. Hector said she was to get small bites. He was in the kitchen making a sandwich for him. She caught a glimpse of him opening a can of pet food, but she hadn’t heard of any barking or meowing yet.
She was bedridden still, her eye darting around, making her even more dizzy.
Hector brought her an eyepatch, but she refused to wear it. She left it on the bedpost.
“Where in Ares’ name would you get an eyepatch?” she asked loud enough to be heard.
He yelled from the kitchen. “Costume party. I used to go to parties, alright? I was fun. Come on. Just wear it?” he pleaded, doing the dishes.
Patty said nothing. She had already declined. She grabbed the knife and her arm whirred, shuddering awkwardly. She held it still with her other hand and cut a small piece of pickle.
She put the knife down and grabbed the fork. After a couple of tries, she managed to get the pickle and bring it up to her mouth.
Mmm. Delicious pickle, at last. Her stomach roared.
Then her arm suddenly jerked, and it fell down, making a mess.
Hector came in the room, taking a bite of his sandwich. “Oh, come on, just let me feed you! Quit being so damn proud, you’re injured.”
She ignored him and wiped off the pickle juice from her t-shirt. “What do you do? For a living?”
“I’m an armourer. We’re on top of my shop. HPP,” he said, saying each letter out loud.
“HPP? That sounds like a venereal disease.”
He snorted. “Hector’s Personal Protection. I really like yours, by the way.” He pointed at her boobs.
She blushed, then got furious, and then looked down. Oh, right, they were covered in armour. She didn’t pay any attention to it, it was like when you forgot about having shoes on. “How’s the tournament going?”
He sat down on a chair and shrugged. “No clue.”
She raised an eyebrow. “You’re an owner and you’ve got no clue how the tournament is going? Are the Pinups winning? Who got knocked out? What about the percentages and points?”
He just took a bite of his sandwich and blinked at her.
She stared back at him hard, but her lazy eye darted around the place. Oh, this was ridiculous. She surrendered. She tugged on the eyepatch and put it on.
Oh, much better. The eye still whirred with its own volition, the sound drilling deep through bone conduction, but at least she wasn’t getting dizzy anymore.
“See?”
“Through the other. Can I please have your WiFi password so I can keep up with the Pinups?”
“Oh, right! Totally forgot,” he stood up and wiped his hands on his trousers.
He gave her the password. ‘Armadillo.’ Weird, but she didn’t care. She checked up on the Cyberpink tournament.
So much noise, so much had happened. She had a fifteen-day gap and felt like she needed to fill it up. It felt weird not being up to date on the most important aspect of her life.
She fumbled with the pickle once more as she read, completely absorbed.
It fell on the floor, and a greyish thing ran towards it and snatched it up. “What the hell is that?” she screeched.
“Relax, it’s Armadillo, my friend.” Hector picked it up and petted it. “Say hi to Patty.”
The little rodent had her pickle in its tiny front legs and was munching on it, right to her face. Bastard.
“His name is Armadillo? Couldn’t you have come up with a better one?”
“Why, what’s wrong with Armadillo?” Hector put it back down and it scurried off with the wheel of pickle in its mouth. “Huh. I guess the only one who doesn’t like pickles in this house is me.”
Patty ignored him and turned back to read the articles and watch the streaming commentary. She stumbled on her own knock out and winced.
“Yeah, it was rough. You’re a very tough lady, you know that?”
She glanced at him with her one good eye, then nodded slightly, blushing. Then she tried to grab the pickle with her good arm.
“Just let me do it!” Hector exclaimed, stepping close.
She thought about it, then nodded in agreement.
Her owner carefully cut a wheel of pickle and brought it to her mouth. She ate it and it was an attack on the senses, pure bliss. The vinegar was prickly, the texture was soft, the crunch between her tongue and the roof of her mouth was divine.
She closed her eye and appreciated the taste for a while. Then she opened it. Hector was kind. She turned her good eye away, towards the window, and hesitantly opened her mouth, waiting for more food.














DROP NINETEEN


“Show me,” Patty demanded.
“No.” Hector waved her away. She could stand up and move around now, but that was pretty much all she could do. The mechdoc had said she needed to take walks as frequent as she felt like it, but not to strain herself. Bullheaded as she was, Hector needed to push her back on the bed after each walkabout.
He was doing the accounts on the dining table. He kept sighing and calculating, and Patty must have picked up on this.
She limped close and steadied herself on a chair. “Why won’t you show me?”
“It’s none of your business. I’m the owner, and this is my business.” He thought about it, not feeling so sure now. “Plus the part where you’re my second business. Whatever.” He waved her away. “Nevermind that! Shoo.”
She plopped her ass down on the chair before him and spun the spreadsheet towards her on the veil. Her eye scanned columns, and he just froze, mouth open.
The audacity!
He stood up and poured some ouzo for him. “I’m not offering you any, it will mess up your meds.”
“Not my first rodeo,” she said, her attention still on the spreadsheets.
He leaned back on the sink and waited. “So? Tell me then. How broke am I?”
“Close to it, but not yet. I assume those 10k miscellaneous payments are mafia pay-offs?”
“Pretty much. I’ve dealt with that for now but the problem will simply compound next month.”
“And the Mechdoc says my replacements are about 7k plus work.” She pointed at the eyepatch.
“Yeah, bottom-shelf stuff. They’ll probably break after a match or two but we can’t have you sitting around while there’s a tournament going on.”
She clicked her tongue, thinking. She did that a lot, and Hector didn’t think she realised when she was doing it.
“Have him waive his work expenses for now,” she said and turned her back. She tapped the accessibility options and turned on voice control and dictation.
“What? No, stop typing shit.”
“I’m not typing shit,” she prodded, wiggling her fingers in the air.
“You know what I mean.”
“Shush, dear.”
He got angry at that, but decided not to oppose her at this time. She was lying down for a long time and she must have felt terrible, not doing anything. Her mind was obviously sharp and needed hurdles to jump over and problems to solve.
She dictated a polite letter to the Mechdoc, asking him to waive his fee for the moment. She promised to recommend his services to more athletes and repay him that way.
“Huh. That’s not a bad idea actually,” Hector said and drank ouzo.
She glanced back at him with her one good eye and raised her shoulder, teasing him. “See?”
Maybe it was the ouzo. Maybe it was being a bachelor for so long. Maybe it was her wits and how she flaunted them. But Hector had a definite reaction to that naughty stare.
She kept on assessing his finances. “How soon can you get this order done?”
“Ugh, five days, tops. It’s pretty standard, copy and paste for twenty pieces.”
“And this unpaid one? Why isn’t this client sending the money he promised, three months ago?”
“Dover? He’s a sucky client. He always says he’ll pay and never does.”
“I see no reminder emails from you.”
“That’s because I haven’t sent any.”
She turned back to him. “Did you call?”
“Nope.”
“Then how do you expect people to pay you? Jeez!” She dictated a polite but firm email stating that Hector’s Personal Protection expected payment for their product delivered, plus late fees of 10%.
“That’s good, but he’ll never pay the extra.”
“We don’t want him to pay the extra, we just want him to pay, don’t we?” she explained nasally.
We? 
WE?
Hector let go of his drink and stormed out of the room. He needed to strike hard on things down at his workshop.














DROP TWENTY


Hector pounded on metasteel like the Greek god of the Fire Mountain. He was soaking in sweat, his shirt off and feeling better with each blow. Who did she think she was, coming in here, in his house, in his business, changing things?
Hector didn’t handle change all that well. He drove his father’s old truck, he worked his father’s old job, he stayed in the same house he grew up in, heck, he even ate from the very same plates he had growing up. If something wasn’t at least 30 years old, he didn’t use it.
Hitting stuff made him feel better.
The wiped off his sweat on a dirty towel.
Panting, he saw Patty standing in the doorway. She had a wide smile on her face that he hadn’t seen before. “How long were you standing there?”
“Not long enough. I managed to get down the stairs in one piece, by the way.”
He made a thumbs up at her and drank some water, he was so damn thirsty. “Good,” he panted. “You should have told me in case you couldn’t manage it, but good.”
“Would you have done so in my place?”
“Not really.”
She walked in close, eyeing him up and down. “You’re completely vanilla, aren’t you?”
“What? Vanilla, regarding what exactly?”
“Implants, augmentations. You’re just as your mom made you, aren’t you?” she said, trailing a finger on his glinting arm.
“I have veil implants in my eyes. Not the free ones with the ads, I’m not a moron,” he said, pointing at his eyes.
She waved the comment away. “That barely counts, everybody has those. So, vanilla. I see. Interesting,” she said, dragging out the last word.
He felt her calculating stare on him. Hector coughed and put on a t-shirt. “What about you?” He sat back on a bench to rest.
She chuckled. “Me? Isn’t it obvious?”
It was. Half the face, one eye, right wrist, right arm, both knees, ankles, torso exoskeleton. Even damaged like she was right now, she was a sight to behold.
“I-I meant, did you have augmentations before joining Cyberpink?” he stuttered.
“My dear, nobody joins Cyberpink.” She sighed and Hector could tell it was a touchy matter.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“We’ll see. I came downstairs to tell you that the Doc just emailed back to accept and will be coming over tomorrow to fix me up, waiving his fee. And Dover sent 3k. I believe with that order you’re pounding on over there, it should be enough to get me back into fighting shape.”
Hector blinked. Shaking his head, he gestured in the air and checked his accounts. “Motherfucker,” he wheezed. “He never pays on time.”
“How will he pay if you don’t harass him, dear? I call it the PITA tax.”
“PITA? Like gyro?”
“No!” she chuckled. “Though I’m dying for one right now.” She slapped his chest. “Pain In The Ass tax. If you become a pain in the ass, you get paid on time.”
He eyed her, mocking her to her face. “I see how you’d be an expert on that, Pickle.”
She smiled. “Right! I’m ordering gyro for us with a side of pickles. Just until you go out for groceries and buy me a jar.”
He stood there, in a ‘seriously?’ pose.
She raised two fingers. “Make that two jars, actually.” Patty strode off the workshop.














DROP TWENTY-ONE


“I thought you’d be happy to leave the house,” Hector said, parking the truck.
“Oh, trust me, I am. But I can’t stand these girls,” Patty said, wincing at the sight of the building.
“Why is that?”
“They’re bitchy. Stupid. Shallow. Mean. Illiterate. Worthless. Slow. Lazy. Did I mention bitchy?”
Hector bit down a smile. “So… you don’t like them very much?” he teased.
“Nope.”
“It’s okay, let’s just go get your stuff.”
The building had a gigantic logo on it, saying Pinup Girls. With a neon pinup girl in a provocative pose. It was afternoon, but it still lit up everything around in a pink glow. That must have driven a couple of neighbours insane. Blinking. Blinking. Blinking. Forever.
The place actually seemed nice. He walked towards the reception. “Um…” He still had no real clue how to present himself in this business. “I’m Patty’s new owner? We’re here to collect her personal items from her locker.”
The receptionist, far too pretty to be of any real use, eyed Patty beside him.
“Yes,” she drolled. She literally raised her nose.
Hector shut his eyes and let it go. This was showbiz. Appearances mattered, he reminded himself. And here he was, showing up in his usual rugged attire.
Rookie move.
“Pickups and drops for fans are on weekdays until 5 p.m. Come back tomorrow.”
“We’re not fans,” he said, showing a fake smile and keeping his cool. “She’s a replacement for the team. She used to live here, we just need to get to her locker.”
Patty jiggled her keycard.
“Right,” she drolled. “Let me check with the manager.”
Hector turned his head and rolled his eyes at Patty, who seemed to feel exactly the same way.
“Uh-huh. Yes. No licence. Of course.” She hung up. “Do you have your owner’s licence with you?”
“Do I-?” he checked his pockets. “No, but what does it matter? I’ll wait here, Patty Roo, a replacement for the team, will walk in and pick up her stuff from her locker. I won’t budge from this spot.”
“Right,” the receptionist dropped and picked up the phone again.
For fuck’s sake! Hector kept his cool. He thought about happy stuff. Metasteel bending the exact way he wanted it. Matte surfaces. Overlapping Kevlar scales. Nice things.
“Uh-huh. Her name’s Patty Roo?”
Hector pointed both hands at the big frickin' holoposter on the wall, which contained Patty among other girls. She sure wasn’t posing good enough to be considered a Pinup Girl, but she was there, clear as day.
The receptionist glanced at it. “Uh-huh.” She hung up. “You may go inside and pick up your stuff.”
“Thank you,” Hector spat out the words.
A short man in a flashy suit blocked the door. “Patty’s new owner, so nice to meet you!” He shook hands firmly, a motion characteristic of a man always networking and bullshitting. “I’m Nicomedes, I own the Pinups.”
“I’m Hector Troy, nice to meet you too.”
The short man turned to her. “Patty Roo, good to see you’re better. Go on inside with the girls, the men have things to talk about.”
“Of course,” Patty lowered her head and walked towards the corridor.
Nicomedes slapped her butt as she walked by him. She pushed his hand aside and carried on.
Hector immediately thought of three ways to break that hand, and if he had more time, he’d get even more creative.
But a thought stopped him. Perhaps these two had something going on, which certainly wasn’t Hector’s business. Everyone here was an adult, after all.
No, the disgust in her face told him otherwise.
“Come to my office, please,” the sleazy man said.


Hector checked out the trophies. There were plenty, despite the team sucking donkey balls, as Patty had elegantly put it. Hector knew nothing of the sport and he could hardly judge, but it seemed like an objective assessment. The place looked cheesy, and he thought it would look exactly like this if Hugh Hefner ever owned a sports team. Life-size pinups in posters, pictures of parties and VIPs shaking hands with the proud Nicomedes, golden and expensive and frivolous stuff all around him.
Nicomedes offered whiskey, the good kind, and Hector accepted it, not wanting to offend the fucker. He sat down on a comfy leather sofa, and Nicomedes sat on his enormous desk chair that made him look important.
“Let’s talk, shall we? Let me get to know you. You’re a wild card, you know that? Coming out of the blue, purchasing Patty Roo, heh, that rhymed. I have a poetry collection out, it just pours out of me naturally, what can I say?”
“I don’t really care for poetry.”
“A shame. What do you do? Custom armour, I heard?”
“Yes.” Hector didn’t touch the drink. He also decided to be laconic.
“Excellent. And how does a shopkeeper end up in this business, if I might ask?”
“Just happened, didn’t really plan for it, really.”
“Right. So can I interest you in an offer?”
“Sure. Tell me.”
“I can take Patty Roo off your hands for 80 thousand, hard cash, right now.”
Hector licked his lip. He made the mental calculations, that was about two years of her worth, all in one sitting. It was tempting. Really damn tempting. “And what will you do with her once I sell her to you?”
Nicomedes chuckled. “Well, that’s hardly your business at that point, is it?”
“True. Nonetheless, I’d like to know.” Wheels spun in Hector’s mind. Was this offer made to Diego as well? Why didn’t he take it, pay Hector what he owed, buy a ton of drugs? A junkie would never give up such a pay-day. Only if the junkie knew what the true consequences were of that deal and had a shred of decency and self-control left.
Nicomedes fussed with his tie. “Heh. Let me call in a couple of the girls, help make up your mind. Call in Suzy please,” he said, pressing the intercom.
A drop-dead-gorgeous blonde sauntered inside, wearing a provocative retro outfit. She walked right up to Hector and sat on his lap.
“There’s no need-”
She shushed him and pressed his lips with a delicate finger. Then she leaned down and went for his zipper with her teeth.
Hector jumped up and pushed her away, gently, but firmly. “Oh, boy. Thanks, lady Suzanna, Suzy, whatever, I don’t want this. You don’t have to do this.”
Nicomedes tilted his head. “Doesn’t your veil profile say you’re straight?”
“Yes, but I don’t want it like this. You own her, she has no say. It’s wrong.”
Nicomedes raised his upper lip with disgust. “Oh. You’re one of those,” he drolled. He pulled a tablet in front of him and tried to look busy. “Well, the offer still stands. 80k in cash, right now. Once you walk out the door, the offer evaporates.”
Hector didn’t need to think it over. He just left.
He didn’t want to stay another minute in that crappy place. Thankfully, Patty was done quickly, and they met on the hallway. 
“Don’t come back here, you ugly bitch!” a brunette yelled after her.
“That must be Pinup Clarissa, right? The one who had a fight with you?” Hector asked.
She just nodded and her eye pleaded to move on.
They stormed out of the place, him red with anger, her carrying a big backpack.
They just threw the thing in the back of the truck and left. The neon pinup flashed in his rear mirror, pissing him off even more. “What’d she do to you?”
“What’d he to do you?” she snapped back at him.
“Let’s just go home.”
They said nothing more all the way back.














DROP TWENTY-TWO


“I need to train and you don’t have a fucking gym,” she complained, hand resting on her waist. “Not even a couple of sissy weights.”
“Do some push-ups. Run around the block. Leave me the fuck alone,” Hector replied. “I’m threading a very tricky piece of liquid armour that could be completely ruined with the slightest error. And we certainly can’t afford that.”
He finished the delicate task and admired his handiwork. Nice. Then he remembered something was wrong. It was quiet. Patty.
He turned around, and she was gone.
Not that he was clingy, but he realised there was a serious problem with that. He tapped his phone and called Tony.
“Violator speaking.”
“Tony. Hey, I wanted to ask you, what happens if, supposedly, my investment runs off? I can only assume it happens to owners all the time. What do they do?”
“Oh, that’s not a problem. Since the debt bondage law has waived some of their basic rights, they’ve been implanted with a locator. You always have access to that, you just need to plug your owner’s hash into it. Here, sending it to you, it’s easy to use.”
Indeed, Hector got a plain input screen. He copied and pasted his owner’s hash alphanumeric code, it was impossible to remember an autogenerated thing like that, and a window popped up with her location. She was indeed running around the block, doing good time actually. And there were options available to him.
Alert authorities.
Stun.
Tase.
The Tase had a pain level slider.
Holy shit, this was slavery. Pure, high-tech slavery. Calling it paramone didn’t change the fact one bit. Hector felt queasy. At the touch of a button he could have the authorities snatch her up in case she escaped. They’d definitely charge an arm and a leg, but they’d protect his investment. And he could punish and reward her anytime he wanted to, like you’d do with a feral beast.
Hector retched, feeling literally sick. He had vomit in his mouth and ran up to the kitchen, cupped his palm and drank some water to get the vile taste away.
Did people know?
More importantly, did they even care?














DROP TWENTY-THREE


“And look to the left. And look to the right. Excellent,” the Mechdoc said with his practised voice, shining a flashlight in her eyes.
Hector was surprised to find out that he was really anxious for this. His room had been turned into an operating hall, plastic hanging from the ceiling, equipment beeping, surfaces sterilised with a spray of antibacterial nanobots. It had all been carried inside by the trusty robotic mule. “How is she, Doc?”
“Well, we fixed the arm with the replacement part, so that is good as new. The eye, I managed to salvage and so, the cost went down.” He pointed at the new eye, still in its plastic, next to the surgery tools. He took off his bloodied gloves.
“Nice!”
“Ah, don’t get too excited. It has all the functions, but it won’t survive a second blow. It will definitely need to be replaced, so I’ll keep it until we are able to replace it.”
“I understand. Doc, you’re very helpful in everything, I’m stunned, really.”
“I took the Hippocratic Oath. I help people, heal them, even if they’re stupid enough to play blood games. And in the end, I can make do with paying my rent by overcharging those corporate fucks instead of hard-working men like you.”
Hector raised an eyebrow, and a glass of ouzo to him. They clinked. “Cheers.”
“To her health.” He sucked air through his teeth. “Ah, I needed that drink. You’re a bad influence for an ageing man, Hector.”
“Nonsense. After all, what’s the point if you can’t go through life with a slight buzz?”
“Slight? Hah! I think you’ve developed a tolerance, my dear boy. Anyway, she’s all done. The new parts in the arm might need some greasing, but I assume she knows the drill. The diagnostic checks out. Her blood pressure is normal. Vitamin concentrations are a bit low, give her these supplements I wrote down. And good job on the bent panel, excellent work, I must say.”
“Thanks, Doc.” He smiled.
“Let her wake up on her own, the anaesthesia will wear off soon but she might just sleep it off.” He petted his robotic mule. “Come on, Trevor, lift your back.”
Trevor did so, and the Doc started loading his gear back. Hector helped him out a bit but Doc had a system and everything fit very snug, so he couldn’t do much.
After a while, he said goodbye and walked out, Trevor walking behind him, an entire foldable operating hall on its back.














DROP TWENTY-FOUR


“Ready?” Hector asked, parking the truck.
“Fuck, yeah!” Patty said. “I have to admit I can’t wait to get back there. I still can’t stand the Pinups, but if it’s the only way to get back in the game…” She shrugged.
“You can stop anytime. I don’t wanna force you back in there. We can find you some sort of work that will help pay off your debt in a few years.”
“Yeah,” she snorted. “A few hundred.” She turned in the seat towards him. “Look, I appreciate the offer, but, I’m good at this.”
Hector exhaled. “Okay. Let’s do this then.”


The stadium was packed once again. Gigantic holobanners showed Cyberpink athletes leaning down and teasing fans as they walked past, licking their fingers and hopping in place, making everything jiggle.
Hector snorted. It was ridiculous. So over-the-top. But his business-side couldn’t help but appreciate how big of an industry this was. He wasn’t the kind of man to see his clients as walking euro signs, but he could hear the cash register ring in his head.
Man swiping his wrist, paying for ‘Lick-Laura’ ice cream.
Ding.
Teen purchasing an ARO of Chimera’s likeness in 32 different skins, complete with Bouncy-Fysiks™.
Ding.
Woman ordering the entire catalogue of the sexy Pinup Girls’ fashion line.
Ding-ding-ding.
And that didn’t even take into account the behind-the-scenes streams, the original prop auctions, the black aftermarket, the tickets and their byproduct, the ticket scalping.
Patty punched him on the shoulder. “Hey. What’s up? You look angry.”
“It’s all this. They’re profiting on… on all of this. And it’s not your choice to make. Trust me, I have no problem with this if it’s voluntary, I ain’t no saint.” They stopped under the double D buns of the athlete named Bunbun. “It’s supply and demand, I get it. But they’re being forced to do it, what’s the alternative? Lose Citizen status? Who wants that?”
Patty scowled at him and marched steady on, throwing her gear over the shoulder.
He followed after her. “What?”
She stopped and poked him with her finger. Hector felt its strength even under the concealed ballistic insert in his chest. “Hector, look. I’ve seen my share of do-gooders, guys who wanna ride in like a white-fucking-knight on a horse and save the poor little girls. It never works out. Someone always gets hurt, and if it’s only emotional hurt, then they’re real-fucking-lucky. So do me a favour, yeah? Don’t go filling the mind of a naïve young girl about swooping her off her feet and dragging her away to your castle, ‘cause I’ve seen your castle, and it smells like dirty socks. Got that?”
Bunbun giggled over them.
“Got it,” he said softly.
They walked away in silence, pushing their way through the masses.














DROP TWENTY-FIVE


The locker rooms were either Heaven, or a divine punishment like Tantalus had endured, depending on your view. The Pinup Girls were getting ready for the match/show, and they were perky and lovely.
Retro dresses, hats, skirts that were meant to fly up in a sudden gust of wind and tease you, lithe bodies and bright colours all the way. Hector noticed that very few of them had visible augmentations, and couldn’t keep his eyes from gazing at a particular pair of long legs that was getting a last-minute shave. The Pinups didn’t have time to play coy, the match was on in a few minutes.
Hector shut his eyes.
“Why is he doing that?” some girl asked.
“Oh, he’s like a big baby,” he heard Patty say.
He looked. Before him was a shorter girl, very athletic and young. She too had short hair, was ‘cropped’ the right term for it? No, he was sure, short was the right term for her, and cropped for Patty. The other Pinups had long hair, which Hector found more feminine. But a nice mane wasn’t actually a good thing in a sport like this one.
“Hello!” she perked up.
“Hector, this is Cherry. Cherry, this is my new owner, Hector. He looks mean, but he’s really just a big softie.”
“Nice to meet you, Cherry.” He shook her arm. “Um, don’t tell me, I’m new to this.” He clicked his fingers a couple of times. “You’re a qwik?”
“That I am, sir,” she said happily, beaming back at him.
Hector loaded up the veil and called for Cherry’s stats.

Name			Caroline Christou
Alias		Cherry
Strength		1
Speed		2
Strategy		1
Sexiness		2
Cup Size		A
Augmentations	1%
Team			Pinup Girls (Temporary Replacement)
Position		Qwik
Wins			11
Losses		8
Income		2500
Sponsorships	None

“Cherry is rather new, but she’s a very promising qwik,” Patty said with pride. “She’s a replacement for this match, you’ve seen what happened to the others.”
“Plenty of wins, I see, right Cherry? I’ll place a bet on you scoring well tonight,” Hector said, smiling.
“Then I’ll score for you, sir,” she giggled. She ran towards her locker and started putting on armour. And a helmet!
Hector placed his palm over his heart. “Ah. At last, some proper armour around here.”
Patty smiled next to him, pulling her boots up. “She’s a good girl,” she said softly. “Polite, naïve, wants to be a fashion designer.” She turned her face away. “They’ll eat her alive within the year,” she added bitterly.














DROP TWENTY-SIX


The match was nearly starting now. Hector could feel the buzzing in the air. He had to admit to himself that he was getting somewhat excited. Would the coach put Patty in? Probably. Would she perform at her best? He’d told her to take it easy, but she was stubborn. Would the Pinups win? Unlikely, but he sure hoped so.
He downloaded the betting app for his veil and placed a small amount on Cherry doing well, 5 skulls. He put just a small amount, 100 euro would do. It was enough to feel the thrill but not too much to break the bank. The bet was 5 to 1.
He got a message from Patty. It said, ‘Forgot to tell you, sorry. Go to the VIP area. It’s where all the owners hang out.’
Huh. Interesting.
He walked around a bit, the place was like a maze. He finally found it and got doorchecked by a security guy in a suit. He was comically top-heavy, like a cartoon. Buzz-cut, heavy jaw. Intelligent eyes, though.
“I’m an owner,” Hector said lamely. He regretted it as soon as he said it, VIPs don’t need to prove they are one. Well, whatever.
“Oh, yeah? New one, haven’t seen you around. I’m George,” the mountain of muscle said, presenting his hand.
Hector stared at it, not registering what had happened. He was expecting to get blocked, not a meet and greet. He shook the man’s hand, “Nice to meet you, I’m Hector-”
George pulled him close and patted his upper arm, then spun him around like a puppet and patted him all over. The difference in relative strength was so humiliating that Hector didn’t even try to resist. Then he scanned him with a device that looked like it could trigger a Geiger counter. “Vanilla, no augs. Just a concealed tactical vest? You don’t see that every day.”
Hector punched his chest. “Yeah, don’t leave home without it!” he said and sent the link to his shop through the veil.
“Hector’s Personal Protection. Can you do concealed Kevlar that goes under suits like these?” the mountain of muscle asked, pointing at his fancy threads.
“Of course. I’d need to take your measurements, do a custom fitting.”
“Might take you up on that, Hector. You needed to reserve your seat in advance, but you’re new, so I’ll let it slide this time. Go on in,” the security grunt said and opened the door behind him.
Music blared, and it was dark, hard to see, hazy with smoke. It was like walking into a club. Pretty women poured drinks, there was a bar with a fancy barista making cocktails with a flourish, and the best view in the house right at the front. It had soft, bulky seats, not like the toilet seat Hector sat on last time.
He took in the stadium. There was a level of separation up here, of overwatch. Looking down on people.
“Enjoying the view?” Nicomedes said with a smirk.
“Yes. But I fear that over time, it makes you think you’re better than others.”
Nicomedes showed his perfectly white teeth. He turned to the waitress, took a sip of the cocktail she brought. Then he threw it at her feet, smashing the glass and making a mess. “I told you, a touch of rum. A touch! Idiot.”
Hector leaned down and helped her pick up the broken glass. “Careful,” he smiled at her. “We don’t want you to cut yourself.”
“Thanks for the help, sir. I’ll clean it up.” She hurried to do just that.
Hector stood up and breathed in deep. “Too much rum, you said? We can’t allow that! We should throw her right in there,” he said sarcastically, pointing at the field.
Nicomedes eyed him hard. Then he burst out laughing, a sickening sound to Hector’s ears. The others with him laughed too. “You’re a weird one, Hector.”
Then he lit up a cigar and puffed smoke in his face.
Hector coughed, waving it away. He took a seat far away from him.
There was commotion behind him, and he couldn’t resist looking back. There was a man showing off an athlete. She was definitely on Cyberpink, she had extensive augmentations on her body, complete right arm, the bottom two fingers and the wrist from the left, right-half side of her thigh. But she was damn sexy. Cropped hair like a pro, droopy eyes with severe eyeshadow, and a demeanour which made men look twice and women jealous thrice. Or, stare too if they were leaning that way. The owner was fat, going on round. He was showing her off to everyone around, and with a damn good reason. 
Hector squinted, trying to listen in. Then he remembered. He could check her stats.

Name			Marianna López
Alias		Mamacita
Strength		2
Speed		1
Strategy		1
Sexiness		3
Cup Size		C
Augmentations	23%
Team			Unassigned Replacement
Position		Enforcer (Axe)
Wins			46
Losses		22
Income		14500
Sponsorships	Aphrodite Cosmetics

The app thing was so handy. Wait, fourteen thousand? Damn, that was good money.
The fat owner approached, sat down next to Hector and his seat squealed. “Hello, nice to see new faces around here! I’m Yianni Hondros.”
“Hector Troy, nice to meet you. New owner, as you see.”
“You don’t happen to own a team, do you? Nah, I’d know if you had. Single athlete then? That’s how I started out,” Hondros said, pointing at Mamacita.
“How many do you have now?”
“Oh, over ten. Twelve, two recuperating. That’s where the money is,” Hondros leaned in. His breath was overly minty. Not bad per se, but it smelled like he’d been chewing on the mother of all breath mints. “Not owning a team, it’s too much fuss. The real profits lie in having the replacement at hand when they need one so you can charge them a lot,” he chuckled, his double chin following independently.
“You’d need the connections, naturally.”
“Naturally. And you don’t get any awards, or fame. But who cares? You avoid all the overhead in owning a team and reap all the benefits.”
Hector mulled it over. Actually, it wasn’t a bad idea. He could never imagine himself running a fancy team, with headquarters and logos and all that corporate crap. But he could easily imagine himself managing a couple of athletes. And from what he had seen from Patty, he had to admit there was some overlap in his line of work. Actually, it was weird that he hadn’t stumbled on this business a lot sooner. “Mr Hondros, I’d love to talk more at the ad break.”
“Please, call me Yianni. I’d love to. Oh, come on dear!” he called behind him, “the match is about to begin.”
Mamacita, the sexy goddess, moved towards them and sat down, crossing her legs. She wore a deep cut dress that dropped the entire leg out.
Wow. Just, wow.
She met his gaze. She blinked slowly and invited him in with her eyes. “Always making friends, Yianni?” Her voice was deep and full of honey.
“This is Hector, a promising new owner, a sharp mind from the little chat we’ve had so far.”
“Oh?” She raised an eyebrow. “Which athlete, if I may ask?”
“Patty Roo.”
She flinched at that, recovering quickly. “Excuse me, I need to freshen up.” She promptly left, drawing plenty of eyes on her as she went. It was as if every movement of hers needed to be done with a wide motion of the hips for maximum sex appeal.
“Women,” Yianni eyerolled, “but I don’t mind. She is, after all, my cash cow.”
Then the Cyberpink match began.














DROP TWENTY-SEVEN


Patty charged.
“Patty Roo on the offensive, back after weeks of recovering from her injuries. It was naaasty, ladies and gentlemen and variations thereof, let’s have a replay so we can remember what happened. Control, find the video for us, please. Never miss a moment with the Cyberpink app, only 14.99, available on your favourite app store.”
The Bunbuns had a hole in their formation, which Patty couldn’t wait to exploit. They had positioned the Chain in the middle, thinking she could reach wide. It’s a common misconception, that you can cover the entire circle of reach. But people only have eyes at the front.
She taunted an enforcer and dropped her immediately, disengaging as soon as she saw the Chain attacking one of the Pinups. The bimbo took the hit, of course, but Patty struck the Chain and kept her down. It was always best to keep the Chain down. Like in chess, she was a far-reaching knight.
Always dangerous. Take her out immediately.
But the idiots she hung out with didn’t take advantage of the opening. Two more were paralysed, and the Bunbun’s qwik scored.
Cherry looked sad, even behind the helmet.
“It’s okay, Cherry, they didn’t cover you. You got this.”
The youngster perked up, she could see her shoulders move up from the slouching position.
“A dynamic opening by the Bunbuns. Will they keep it up? It was perilous for a moment there, as the Pinups seemed to have a good advantage over them. But the tide turned. Never let your tide turn with Atmos predictive AI, a small price to pay for a large headache averted.”
Drum beats.
Patty shouted instructions to the blonde bimbo at her side. Look at her wielding that q-tip, it was ridiculous. Dainty fingers, weak grip.
She saw her take a hit and go down in an instant, a shower of pink droplets in the air.
If Patty had her shield, she could have covered her. But the coach said shields aren’t sexy. Motherfucking-
She dodged the chain, the woman really hated her now. It wasn’t good for your pride, getting pinned down so easily when you had the best reach in the game. The Chain, as in the woman spinning it, attacked again and again.
Patty had just her agility to avoid the blows with. But it wasn’t enough. She got hit, paralysed for several drum beats.
The Chain kept her down, perhaps recognising that she was the most experienced player.
Patty could do nothing but watch the ball coming towards her face, again and again as the match unfolded around her. The bitch was aiming for her head on purpose, she could have just tapped her on the leg somewhere, there was no need to spin so hard.
She spat out pink blood.
The ball came again. This time, a small pair of arms blocked it. Cherry had lost the skull and obviously decided to unpin the only player that was actually doing anything in this side of the field.
Patty got free and covered her qwik. Cherry dove under the legs of the opposing enforcer and Patty promptly struck her down, showering her new arm with pink blood.
Baptised.
They both ganged up on the Bunbun’s qwik and forced her to drop the skull. Cherry wasted no time, she grabbed the skull and made a beeline for the mount, scoring.
“An amazing recovery by the Pinup Girls!”
“Well, attentive fans will point out the girls dominating this side of the field are both replacements. Nonetheless, the game is good and the Pinups have managed a tie.”
“That reminds me of the clip-on ties by Plaid. Synthsilk ties that get you laid.”
Drum beats.
This time, they were ready. They took down Patty in an instant, ganging up on her three-on-one, leaving the Pinup Idiots to roam around the field like headless chickens. They pinned her down, one longsword resting on her, no mean blows to the face this time, and the rest went on to pierce through the defence and simply score a skull.
It went even more downhill after that. Patty could hear the softie’s voice in her mind, ‘take it slow, don’t injure yourself so soon.’ Was he protecting his investment, or actually worrying about her? He was hard to pin down, she pondered, while being pinned down herself and with nothing else to do.
She got sprayed with pink blood, losing her train of thought. Clarissa had gotten a nice cut that would require stitches and a plastic surgeon. Choke on that bill, snotty bitch.
Also, eww. Patty couldn’t wait to get free so she could wipe the blood off her. She could catch something. Clarissa might be a VIP whore but that still meant screwing around.
Somehow, even without a team behind her, Cherry managed to score five skulls. But then they made sure to hit her on the knee and she couldn’t swerve for a few minutes. Minutes in jugger meant practically half the match’s duration.
They lost, but had no knockouts. That was something, at least.














DROP TWENTY-EIGHT


Hector was excited. He had a few drinks, talked a bit. It was more fun than he expected. Hondros was very chatty, explained the game to him, the little nuances. He was starting to get a feeling for it, but it was so damn fast! Everything happened all at once, bouts took place in 10 to 30 seconds, players went down, the crowd roared, commentators described and even had time to plug in a sponsor.
It was dizzying.
“My friend, this ouzo is great, you were right. I think we’ve got a new fashion going on,” the fat owner said, his cheeks red.
Mamacita was oddly curious about him. She kept asking questions, where he worked, what he made. Someone would think she was hitting on him, but Hector was no idiot. No woman this hot would hit on him without something to gain.
But what could it be?
“Well, no knockouts, so we still only have work for one player.” Yanni pushed his enormous bulk up and left them, carrying on with networking.
Hector leaned close to Mamacita. Her aroma was intoxicating. A bit thicker than it should be, but everything was over the top with her. She did nothing half-way. “Who does Yanni own down there? Is it Cherry?”
“Yes, she’s on a short-term contract,” Mamacita said, staring back. When she spoke her lips puckered like an invitation. She made sure no one was around and she whispered with a rapid urgency in her voice, “I need you to get me out of here.”
Hector was shocked. He stared like an idiot.
She looked up at him with her delightful, sexy eyes and pleaded with her eyelashes.
Then the urgency was gone and she was back to her luscious self. She stood up, pressing on the inside of his leg as she raised herself, a motion that was terribly seductive.
Hector waited as she left. He needed to sit for a while, because his cock would make things uncomfortable.
Readjusting, he noticed something on his seat. Looking around to see if anyone was watching, he put it in his pocket.
He stood up and chatted with a few people, it couldn’t hurt to make acquaintances as a businessman even if he sold off Patty in the end.
Finding a corner, he checked his pocket. It was just a small plastic bag, with a pink square inside.
Having no idea what it was, he put it back in his pocket and went for another drink.
“You gotta keep ‘em down,” Nicomedes said to his group of friends, slurring his worlds. “On a leash.”
“But you can alert Ares.”
“Yeah, but who wants to pay 50 thousand every time? That’s not good for business, only for the corps. There are cheaper solutions, having them coming back for more, if you know what I mean, yeah?” he said in a disgusting way, grabbing his crotch.
Hector moved away. He found George. “Is it always like that?”
George glanced inside. “Pretty much.”
“Is it dangerous? Does shit happen?”
The tower of muscle nodded slowly. “Oh, shit happens all right.”
“Come over tomorrow morning,” Hector said, winking. “I’ll have something in your size.”
“Are you calling me fat?” George said, pissed off.
“No! Man, I just meant-”
He snorted. “I’m just messing with you. You seem like a cool guy.”
Hector’s heart still beat fast. 
“Should’a seen your face.”
Hector laughed. “At least, that got me sober.”














DROP TWENTY-NINE


Hector lost his way again, then kinda sorta found it. He followed the sounds of lovely voices to the gynaeconitis. This time, he stayed in the corridor and waited for Patty. The ladies inside showered, tended to their cuts and laughed with each other.
Both teams.
You couldn’t really tell that half an hour ago they were attempting to smash each other’s face with foam weapons, and succeeding at the task.
A Pinup left the locker room with only a towel on, and blew a kiss towards Hector as she walked by.
“Hi,” he said, lamely.
Gods, he was grinning like a teenager.
“Pickle?” he said loudly, trying to be heard over the ruckus.
“What?” her voice came from inside.
“How long?”
“Ten minutes. No, make that twenty.”
Okay, he could hang around for twenty more minutes. Oh, he could find Cherry! He loaded the app and searched for her. It didn’t give her whereabouts like when he owned a girl, but the fans were disgusting and posted photos of everything.
Everything.
Hector covered the display with his hand. Realising that that was stupid and pointless, since the ARO was projected into his eyeball, he swiped it away and set up parameters.
Now the app was somewhat useable. Oh, there was a lot of smut still, you couldn’t avoid it, but it was manageable.
He read a post about Cherry getting in chats with the Pinup Girls. Their boss.
He thought about it. Yeah, she was pretty enough to make the cut. Less armour, hair extensions, more makeup. Those would be Nicomedes’ terms, he was certain.
And that would end her athletic career, from stupid injuries that would pile up, until she would be sold off for nothing, trashed, unable to pay off her debt.
Hector felt a lump in his throat. He repeated Patty’s words to himself out loud in an effort to really drill them in. “I’ve seen my share of do-gooders, guys who wanna ride in like a white-fucking-knight on a horse and save the poor little girls.”
Yeah. She was right. He could hardly keep his own business afloat, let alone start a charity for poor, sexy, slave girls.
“I wonder what’s down this corridor,” he said out loud and went exploring.














DROP THIRTY


In the VIP bathroom, which he was happy to discover he had access to, he heard sounds.
Intimate sounds.
Ready to just hold it in, step backwards and leave them to their carnal desires, he heard a voice.
“You want the contract, you tight little cunt? Then open your pretty mouth and suck it. And you better be good at it.”
That disgusting, annoying voice.
Hector shut his eyes tight, shook his head, balled his fists.
No. Slap on the ass, fine. Should have been a sexual harassment lawsuit, but what the hell. Being an asshole to the staff? Comes with the territory of being a rich asshole. But asking for this?
No.
Whimpering. A slap. Sniffling. Another slap. Muffled whining, and choking sounds. Male grunts.
He stepped inside the toilets, walking in deliberate strides. They were clean, modern, with fancy soap bars from places like Maldives and Peru.
“What the fuck are you doing here-”
He shoved the soap bars into Nicomedes’ mouth. Then he kicked him in the balls, which were exposed out in the open, anyway.
Cherry seemed shocked, covering her face, down on her knees. She wiped the edge of her mouth and yelped something incoherent.
Hector muffled the fucker’s face and kept it pressed on the expensive bathroom tile. 
Nicomedes brought out a knife out of nowhere and stabbed him right on the lung. It didn’t penetrate. 
Hector slapped it away, disarming him. It clanged on the floor. He turned to the crying Cherry, smiled softly, and said as if this was a casual evening encounter, “Are you sure you want this person to be your owner?”














DROP THIRTY-ONE


“I told you not to get involved!” Patty said, her hands in the ‘I can’t fucking believe you’ pose at each side of her head.
“You did.”
“I said just that! My exact words.”
Hector sniffed. “Yes.”
“And what did you do?”
“I got involved.”
“You got fucking involved! Genius.”
“Pickle, I-”
“Don’t call me that!”
“Why not? You’re bitter and edible.”
She raised an angry finger at him. “Not helping your case right now.”
They stopped their exchange, both thinking of the consequences. They were out at Poseidonos Avenue, resting on the side of the truck, watching the sea.
“He’s a powerful man, you know.”
“No powerful man throws his weight around on women.”
She eyed him hard, squinting.
“You know what I mean. Eat your fucking gyro. Is it good?”
“It’s amazing.”
“Gyro with pickles. Blergh!”
“Shuddup.”
“Mine is edible, at least.”
“Stop whining, it’s like being in the gynaeconitis again,” she said.
“I’m forgetting something.”
“Your sense of reason.”
He fished the pink square from his pocket, held the plastic bag up in the light. It was weird, a transparent pink square, bendy, with neat rows of tiny thorns on it from the same material. Smaller than the surface of his fingernail.
“Where the hell did you get that?”
“You know what it is?”
“Yeah! It’s drugs.”
“A-ha!” He slapped the bag on his palm. “Why would Mamacita give me drugs?”
“Perhaps she’s a drug dealer,” Patty suggested, shrugging. She took another bite.
“No, it was… something more.”
“Oh, I know what you think it was-”
“Not that. For a moment, she seemed scared.”
“You’re a scary dude. You should shave off the beard,” she said, her lips dripping with sarcasm and pickle juice.
Hector tsked.
Patty munched on her pickle-gyro, grinning at him.
The waves crashed on the breakers.














DROP THIRTY-TWO


“Hi, I’m Violator, big fan of yours,” he said, giddy with excitement.
Patty raised an eyebrow.
“His name is Tony. He has trouble differentiating between the real world and the virtual one,” Hector explained, offering drinks for everyone.
“Allow me,” Patty said, touching Hector’s arm. “Always happy to meet a fan,” she smiled at the hacker.
“Good to see you’re awake. Um, not that I stared while you were passed out or anything.” Tony fumbled with his words. “It was just a quick selfie.”
“Oh, my gods, stop talking,” Hector said. He bounced the bag with the square thing across the table to him. “Tell me what this is.”
“Niiice!” Tony said and with a twist, he tore the bag and slapped the pink square on his neck.
Hector was shocked. “What the fuck are you doing? That could be anything, you idiot!”
Tony sniffed. “Nah, it’s the good stuff, top shelf. Goes right where it needs to through transdermal microneedles. Instant addiction.” He pointed at the patch on his neck.
“Stop doing drugs in my house,” Hector deadpanned.
“You gave them to me!” he complained. “Besides, it’s not just any drug, it’s endo.”
“Endo? Like what, endorphin?”
“Exactly. Synthetic, distilled.” Tony stood up and ran laps around the kitchen table, making Hector real angry at him. “It’s a designer drug. Increases cellular restoration, limits fatigue, gives you a rush.” He spoke at a hundred kilometres per hour.
“I’ve heard of it. It’s identical to what the body produces, right?” Patty added, serving the drinks. 
Hector noticed that she had regained dexterity in her damaged arm. “Sounds like it. I see your arm is doing well, I’m glad, Pickle.”
She stretched it out. “It’s a bit stiff, but I’m getting there. It’s always a problem with damaged augmentations.”
“Can I-?” Tony stopped circling. He leaned in to touch her cyberarm, frozen still a few centimetres away.
“No,” she said to him, flatly.
“Okay,” he shied away, and drank his entire glass in one go, then kept on buzzing about.
“Don’t give him alcohol when he’s like this,” Hector complained.
“It’s watered down ouzo, barely a finger.”
“Oh. Smart thinking. Have I told you how you keep surprising me every day?”
Patty smiled. “No. Keep saying it.”
“What?” Tony panted, stopping for a moment. “Never mind. I’m going to get something from the periptero. You guys want anything? Think about it, send me a text till I get there.” He darted out of the place.
“Interesting guy,” Patty breathed out when they were left alone. 
“If he bothers you too much, don’t slap him or anything ‘cause he’ll enjoy it even more.”
“Good to know.”
“Why would Mamacita give me this?” Hector frowned. He ran a cyberpink search. It was far too much to process. Then he ran a search for ‘Cherry,’ ‘Mamacita,’ ‘Yianni Hondros,’ and read through the results. “What do you know about this guy?”
“He’s one of the biggest owners that don’t have a team. He basically rents out athletes short-term, gouging team-owners with the prices since he fills an immediate need.”
“So he told me, it’s not a secret. But think on his business plan for a moment, he needs athletes to go down. Granted, the very nature of Cyberpink provides him with his business opportunities, but what happens when they don’t need his replacements?”
Patty thought about it. She was rather cute when deep in thought. “Good point. We’re talking hundreds of thousands of euros in a short amount of time. Logic dictates that he’d make sure athletes went down and that the team owners would have need of his replacement girls.”
“He must be doing something on the side.”
“I have heard of girls going out of commission for a weird reason. Complications with their augs, drug problems, sex-work gone too far. But how does Hondros fit into all this?” She picked up the discarded pink patch and stared at it.
“Hm. Don’t you have somewhere you girls hang out? Like a bar?”
Patty grunted. “It’s more tribal than you’d think, but yes. Why? Don’t tell me that you need me to go out and talk gossip?”
“Yes. Can you do that for me?”
Patty thought about it. “I’m doing it for Cherry, not for you.”
“Now, now. Someone once told me that I shouldn’t be a do-gooder, or-”
She squinted at him. “At least I know what she’s going through.”
Hector sobered up. It must have been evident in his expression, because Patty looked away.
“I’m sorry.”
“For what? You haven’t done anything. You’re a perfect gentleman.”
“For what has happened to you.”
She turned back to him with a steely face. “Again, not your fault.” She stood up and washed the dishes.
Hector pulled up his contacts and texted Tony. ‘Go and buy Patty a nice dress for a night out. I know you already have her measurements, you sleazy fucker. Something blue. Send me the bill.’














DROP THIRTY-THREE


Patty put on the dress and looked for a mirror. There wasn’t one. Men. Making do with the tiny one in the bathroom, she got ready. Putting on makeup on one eye alone felt silly, but she applied just a tad.
She checked herself out. The dress was okay, it looked bumpy and awkward with her augmentations, but every type of clothing would have looked the same over them. She felt nice. Pretty, even. How long has it been since she just went out like this? She invited Cherry but got no reply yet.
She cleaned up after herself in Hector’s bedroom. She had been occupying it completely, and that was something they had to discuss. Hector had a second room that had been turned into a closet over the years. He must have stuffed in there everything his father owned and wasn’t relevant to the armouring business. She’d discuss it with him, ease him into it. He didn’t like change. But if he didn’t plan to sell her off to someone else, he’d have to make room for her somewhere. It was a small room and full of dust, but she didn’t need much.
All she owned could fit in a rucksack.
It was depressing, really.
She stepped out of the bedroom. The reaction in both men’s eyes was enough to make her feel good. “How do I look?” She gave it a spin.
“Gorgeous. Fits you perfectly,” Hector said.
“Yeah, let’s not dwell on that detail.” The fact that all her dimensions were listed on a site called ‘Get Her a Gift,’ didn’t make her particularly happy. Of course, not many fans got her stuff through the site. She always watched other girls get smothered with gifts from leery individuals. Speaking of, she turned to Tony, then placed her hand on her hip. “You’re taking a screenshot, aren’t you?”
“I won’t upload it! I swear. This is just for me,” he wheezed.
Patty shut her eyes and tried not to think what that actually meant.


Taf was packed. The bar at Monastiraki had been popular before, but when the cyberpink girls started hanging out there and word got out it simply became packed every night. Buying out and expanding the stores across the street, it practically engulfed the entire block.
Patty got out of the self-driving taxi and straightened her dress. It whirred silently in search for another fare.
Quit standing there like an idiot. It’s just a night out. Move your butt.
She walked inside. The door guy must have recognised her from the database and let her in. She was thankful for the security because fans could easily get very brave.
She gulped.
Since when had she had social anxiety? Or was it just being allergic to bitches? She went straight for the bar.
“Ouzo, straight,” she ordered, and the barman got to serving it. Oh, gods, she hadn’t even realised how much Hector was affecting her already.
“Thank you,” she said to the barman and took a big sip to get a buzz going. Looking around, she found a few familiar faces.
Two of the Munchkins were up on a table, dancing tsifteteli, a type of oriental belly dancing. They were very close to one another, running their hands on each other’s bodies, dancing in unison. Men clapped and had fun underneath, while the duo teased them with their curves. Short but curvy, indeed.
The Pandabears had ganged up on a VIP. They laughed at his jokes and touched him incessantly on a round couch. He was pitching a tent already. Patty couldn’t blame the man, when he had five ladies dressed in fur rolling all over him. Didn’t they get hot in here?
And the Beasties at the far balcony. Oh, crap. Echidna stared down at her. Scratch that, she was piercing her with her yellow eyes, she could see them from down here. Patty broke eye contact and circled around the bar, looking for any friends. Cherry hadn’t replied, and she had definitely seen the message by now.
She leaned back and took in the place and the people for a minute, lost in her thoughts. The fact that Diego was gone struck her out of nowhere. And now, she had Hector. He seemed nice, for now. Then again, they all seemed nice at the start. She couldn’t let her guard down with him. But she could enjoy the night, at least.
Relaxed while taking in the crowd, she turned and came face-to-face with Echidna. She had yellow cybereyes with vertical pupils.
“Excuse me,” she said lamely and tried to slip away.
The woman raised her arm, practically punching the wall behind her, blocking her way.
“Gorgon will never play again,” Echidna hissed.
“I’m really sorry. It was an accident, really.”
“I don’t care. Next time I meet you on the field, I’m gonna rip your arms out.”
Patty gulped. The woman was far too emotional for just having a friend off the team. Sure, there was bonding but not like this-
Oh. Oooh.
“You love her, don’t you?” Patty asked softly.
“Shut your mouth, vanilla cunt.”
Patty said nothing and stepped backwards, away from the insane person. She looked down at her cyberlimbs. Vanilla? Her? What kind of stupid prejudice was that? She saw the Beasties gather up once more, Gorgon being absent, of course. The girls were all altered, different sorts of limbs, animal features, tails.
Sick, disturbed people.
Oh, well. She had a job to do, after all.
She took another swig of ouzo and charged the Clumsies, making new friends.


Patty realised she was having fun. Emma, Olivia, Sophia and Izzy, they were all lovely girls to hang out with. At least in this league. At the top, other teams wouldn’t be so friendly.
“I love your outfit, where did you get it?” Olivia said, dragging the words in the classic girly way.
“Don’t know actually, my owner got it for me. Must be a shop around our place.”
“Really? Tell us all about him. Is he cute?” Izzy winked.
“Mmm… I’d call him rugged, not cute. He’s thirty-one, hairy. Fit, though.”
“Mine is terribly out of shape. But at least he cums quickly, two thrusts and he’s done. Pat, pat, Satisfied.” Emma said, wiping her palms for a job well done.
They all laughed together and ordered more cocktails.
“Hey,” Patty said conspiratorially, “have you heard about that new shit? Endo, I think?”
“I have, they say it’s real good,” Izzy said.
“Expensive,” Olivia added, sipping a green cocktail.
“Know who might get us some?”
The Clumsies stared at each other. Finally, Olivia spoke. “You shouldn’t try it.”
“Come on, why not?”
“I heard things. I think it’s the same like our body, makes, right? That’s why it’s not technically doping. But I heard that Phoebe’s owner gave it to her to get through a match, and she pushed herself so hard she collapsed afterwards. Went out of commission for months.” Olivia nodded and stared at her, making sure her point was made.
Patty pretended to be shocked, covering her mouth. “That poor…” Bitch, was the word she was looking for, but she left it hanging. Phoebe was a Titaness, one of the best teams in cyberpink. They played dirty and won, a lot.
“I know…” Izzy said, frowning.
“Girls, you’ve convinced me. I don’t want to try endo. But help me out, protect me. Tell me who to avoid so that I don’t get tempted or anything.”
Olivia leaned in close. “The one you should avoid is called Mamacita. You know her?”














DROP THIRTY-FOUR


Hector woke up and stretched. His back hurt from sleeping on the couch, and it was starting to become a problem. Patty had come home late.
“Hey, Pickle?” He knocked on the door to his own room.
“What?”
“Can I enter?”
“Sure.”
He entered.
She screamed, covering herself up. “No, I’m not decent!”
He froze and looked away, covering his eyes.
Patty burst out laughing. “It’s fine, come on in.” She was in her pyjamas, rolling around on his bed.
He went in and grabbed a change of clothes form the closet, then threw some water on his face, leaving the bathroom door open. “Had fun yesterday?”
“As a matter of fact, I did. I can’t even remember the last time I went out for fun.”
He brushed his teeth. “Noith,” he said with a toothbrush in his mouth.
“I learnt a few things.”
Hector grunted for her to carry on.
“Mamacita? She’s playing you like a fool. She’s the one dealing to owners. Which, oh yeah, she actually did with you! She gave you drugs to pass on to me. What a nice lady,” she mocked.
Hector spat the toothpaste out in the sink. “Why would she do that?”
“Didn’t you see how your buddy Tony was after taking it. It gets you back in the game, you feel good, strong. It’s basically natural, so it’s not doping, not technically. And then you overextend yourself and get injured, leaving a-”
“-A gaping hole in the team for Hondros to fill up with his replacements.” Hector leaned forward, resting on his arms on the sink. “I’m a fool.”
Patty got up and patted him on the shoulder. “You’re simply thinking with your dick. Who could blame you? Now please get out so I can take a wee.”


“We need to discuss our living arrangements,” she said, drinking milk.
Hector opened up a can for Armadillo. “Yeah, this was temporary. You’re all recovered now. Want to rent a room somewhere? Your pay-day is today, right?”
“It is. But…”
“What did I do wrong?” Hector sat down and prepared a sandwich.
“You’ve done nothing wrong. I know you’re in the red with my recovery, so I don’t want to spend more money. Getting another apartment, paying two rents up-front…”
“I’m gonna need my room back at some point…” he laughed, pointing at it with the knife.
“That’s kinda what I’m saying…”
Hector sighed. “Just spit it out.”
“I can move in that room,” she winced and braced for the answer.
Hector followed her finger. It hadn’t even occurred to him. Sure, it was just extra space. But it had all his family’s old stuff piled up in there. Which he never even touched. They just gathered dust.
“That is, if you plan to keep me around. If you’re just gonna sell my debt to someone, just say so, I can clear out today and be out of your hair.”
Hector searched her face. She tried to look tough, but her eyes betrayed her. It was difficult getting a read some times because of her face augmentation. Not that women were that easy to read in the first place.
“No, I-I don’t plan to.”
“Don’t plan to keep me here? That’s all right.” She looked down into her glass of milk.
“No! The other way around. I don’t plan to sell you. That is, if that’s okay with you?”
An ear-to-ear smile flashed on her face, then she forced it away. “Fine by me.”
“Now, for living accommodations, you’re right. Uh… But not that room. That’s… Off limits.”
“Okay. But what else can we do?”
“Let’s see… The shop remains as it is, the workshop can’t change…”
“As I’d want to live inside your man cave.”
“It’s not a man cave, it’s a workshop. Let me think, the garage’s storage at the back has a terrible moisture problem, it wouldn’t be fun sleeping in there. Plus there’s a giant door for loading, which feels uninviting. Upstairs, we’ve got the kitchen, my bedroom, the storage room, and finally the study. I don’t actually use it, I do all my work here on the kitchen table or downstairs at my shop. So we could move things out of there, maybe tomorrow? Does that sound good?”
She hesitated. Then sniffed. “Yes. It does. Really good.”














DROP THIRTY-FIVE


A familiar face darkened his shop’s entrance, but he couldn’t place it immediately. He was top-heavy, muscled.
“George! Come on in.”
The security man checked the inventory, touching the fabric on one of the mannequins. “You said you’d have something I’d like.”
Hector smiled wide. He pulled the vest from the drawer and held it up. It looked like what you’d wear underneath a tuxedo.
George rubbed it between his fingers. Incredulous, he looked up at him. “This is bulletproof?”
“Bulletproof, knife-proof, and lets the skin breathe. You can wear it all day. It needs a bit of care when washing it, I’ll write down the instructions for you. It’s done by hand, not machine washable. But other than that, I believe it will work great for your case.”
“What’s it made of?”
“Graphene-fed spidersilk, woven with a certain metamaterial that still has a very long and boring name. It’s expensive, I won’t lie, but money is replaceable, you are not. That has been my father’s motto, and it still is mine.”
He let the man think it through.
A couple of minutes went past. “You don’t have to tell me how dangerous my work is. Even something small like a knife injury can cost me more down the line. I ain’t dumb.”
“Never said you were, George. Come round the back so I can take your measurements.”


They went through the familiar motions, measuring chest size and arm size and waist size. “Heh. This feels like going to the tailor.”
“It’s pretty much the same thing. I’ll resew the vest and reinforce the seams. I’ll have it in two days, if you put down a downpayment?”
“How much?”
Hector told him.
George whistled. He scratched his chin. “Fuck it. Let’s do it. I can always make more money.” He tapped the wire transfer on his phone.
“I’m glad to have you as a customer, George! Let’s make it a long and pleasant thing, shall we? Hey, I’ve been meaning to ask you, how can I get a hold of Mamacita?”
George raised an eyebrow, and his entire muscle system flexed. “You know I can’t tell you that.”
“Yeah, but,” Hector leaned in close, mumbling, “we had a connection last night, you know. It went well, but I had to bolt out of there fast, get Patty Roo. First time jitters and everything, I couldn’t focus on pussy. I can ask Mr Hondros, but I prefer to reach her directly, know what I mean?”
The security man didn’t budge a millimetre.
Hector clicked his tongue. “I’ll shave 5% off the final price.”
“Deal.”














DROP THIRTY-SIX


To say that he looked out of place would be an understatement. Next to rows and rows of Porsches and Ferraris, he parked his dingy truck. It was brown.
The Laimargia restaurant was so fancy, it completely redefined the meaning.
They gave him a suit jacket to wear. It was mandatory. He felt a bit silly, he should have thought this through. The who’s-who of Athens dined in there.
And that’s where he’d meet Mamacita.
He spotted her on a table, along with Hondros of course, who was wrestling with a lobster and winning apparently, so he ate him. Another man, practically eating out of her hand, had eyes only for her. He was younger, handsome, well-dressed. Hector assumed that she wouldn’t really mind seducing him.
He sat on the bar and ordered a drink. Which he nearly choked on when he saw the price. Sure, he had a few incoming piles of money but he wasn’t anywhere near the black.
Why was he even doing this again?
The pair of sleepy eyes next to him reminded him why.
“You tricked me.”
Her voice was pure honey. “Oh? How did I do that?”
“You gave me, you-know-what, so that I’d learn about the effects and force it on my athlete.”
“Yes, I did that.”
Hector shook his head, incredulous. “So, you admit it?”
“Yes. But I had no choice. Yianni is forcing me to do it.”
“Do what exactly?”
Mamacita leaned in close and smothered him with her aroma. She purred in his ear, “Seduce owners. Give them a taste of the drug.” She bit his earlobe softly.
Tingles travelled down his spine.
“Then let him hear the gossip, and force it on his women. After that, if some accident were to happen, it’s Yannis’ turn to seduce the owner in business and provide the band-aid.” She pulled back, slowly.
Hector was breathing hard. “And you’re telling me all this, why?”
She drank from his ouzo. “I read people. It’s my superpower,” she shrugged, chuckling. “I knew you were noble even before I heard about Cherry.”
He pointed at his chest. “This particular noble is walking out of here if you don’t tell him exactly what you want, lady.”
“I want you to buy my contract,” she said, toying with the white liquid in her mouth.
“From Hondros?” Hector said, pointing a thumb towards his table.
“M-mm,” she purred.
“Have you seen what you’re worth? I can’t afford that!”
“Wait six days. Then bring him an offer for me, one you can afford. I’ll make sure he’ll want to take it.” Mamacita stood up and brushed the tip of her breast on his shoulder.
He watched her swaying behind as she left, and he could swear it was calling out to him.














DROP THIRTY-SEVEN


“You are thinking with your dick. Again,” Patty yelled at him, her hands up in the air.
Hector leaned back on his chair. The shop was quiet and he had paperwork to finish. The street outside was smoggy, the night making it look even dirtier. The steady rumble of traffic from Syggrou avenue further down worked like white noise to the senses.
“I’m not, she-”
“She admitted to manipulating owners. And manipulating you as well, right to your face. But nooo, she’s a good whore, not a bad one. Let’s believe whatever she says,” she mocked.
“Pickle, I have survived in this world before I met you, you know.”
“No, you’re a softie and a pushover,” she said, pushing his chair.
Hector started to complain, even get a bit angry at her.
She dialled it down, but kept pushing. “You let Diego rack up debt, a junkie. I had no choice, he’d bought my contract, I was stuck with him. Why did you?”
Hector fell silent.
Patty sat on the display case and cleaned a corner with her fingers. “Exactly. ‘Cause you’re a softie. He went down and almost took everyone else down with him.”
“How did he treat you?” Hector asked, biting his lips. He couldn’t meet her gaze, and neither could she.
She sighed, craning her neck backwards. “Oh, he was okay, as owners go. He didn’t hit me or anything, and didn’t sell my body around.”
“He loved you,” Hector said softly.
Patty just nodded and sniffed.
“For what it’s worth, he asked me to take care of you. I didn’t pay attention then, but…”
“Is that why you’re doing this? To honour a dead junkie’s last wish?” she asked bitterly.
“No. I’m just doing what feels right.”
She smiled at him in an I-told-you-so expression. A tear ran down the good part of her face.
“I’m telling you, it feels right, helping Mamacita out.” He touched his chest.
She stood up, hands on her hips, looking around. “Whatever,” she sniffed. “This store is filthy. No wonder you ain’t got no clientele. Where do you keep the cleaning supplies?”














DROP THIRTY-EIGHT


Hector checked his finances. He was going insane, pulling his hair out on how to pay the rest of the money to Canvas. He’d show up at some point and Hector wouldn’t be able to swindle his way out of it this time.
Patty made him 4500. The pay was 5000, but 500 euro always went to paying off her debt, the cut didn’t even touch her bank account. Hector looked up the contracts, running them through Tony’s extremely handy ‘Dumb it down for me’ AI. That was standard practice he saw for all such contracts, and it actually protected athletes from exploitative owners. The corps couldn’t trust the owners that they’d pay off the girls’ interest rates, so the contract stated that interest would be always kept from any income they gained. The rest of the money were at the owner’s discretion.
He took the 4k and left her 500 euro in her account, which he had full access to in a severe warping of laws by the corporations. Saving on rent would be a good thing as months went by. But her recovery had already brought him deep in the red. After they fixed her eye next month, the mechdoc was saving it for her, he decided that a round 1k would be a fair allowance for her. Not that he’d deny any reasonable request for expenses.
He finished the last order he had and actually got paid. That was after Patty send them a polite reminder of a late-fee overcharge in their invoice and then called them the next day. They paid on time, and Hector paid off the supplier, leaving him with 1k profit. It was minimal, but he had offered a 50% off deal if they took it immediately. His neck was on the line.
That left him with 5k. Simple math, he needed 6k, so he was 1k short. That small amount of money might as well be a million in this instance. He had no favours to call on, no more clients owing him money. His assets were his shop with the house on top, his truck, and some inventory. He could perhaps sell his truck, but he doubted he could get more than 500 euro for it.
Yeah, it was that old.
He could sublet storage space, as he had done so in the past. But the shopkeeper next door who needed it had shut down two years ago. Now it was a car shop, fitting armoured cars. And the other shop sold guns. They wouldn’t rent unsecured storage space, and Hector didn’t want them to.
He could push that security doorman, George, to pay him the rest of his order, but Hector didn’t like trading the ire of one scary man for that of another.
So, still 1k short. And Canvas would be deaf to his excuses.
He could always sell Patty’s contract. He looked around at his store. It had never looked so tidy and clean. He hadn’t asked her to clean it up, she’d just done so by herself. She was very annoying at times, and she had taken over his bedroom, a fact which he was reminded of whenever he repositioned his aching back. But she was growing on him. And who would he sell her to? Nicomedes, that sleazy fucker? Or Hondros, who pretended to be nice and orchestrated accidents and disasters with back-handed manipulations? Or, any other owner? Hector hadn’t met a decent person yet in this shitty business.
He had no illusions, he wasn’t a saint. He sold armour to organised crime so they could bully and kidnap and murder, remaining safe while doing so. And the legal guys were no different, they simply had a logo on their armour. He wasn’t the one creating the mess, sure, but he kept the ones perpetuating it alive and kicking.
But he drew a line at some things. He’d always done what felt right, and the way the owners treated the athletes was… certainly not right, at all. He remembered an episode he liked from that classic TV show, Doctor Who. He watched that show with his dad on the weekends. There was a disaster, a volcano at Pompey. They didn’t even have a word for Hephaestus’ wrath back then. And the Doctor said it was bigger than him, it was a fixed disaster in history, done, he couldn’t save them. His friend begged him to save someone. Anyone. To them, it would matter. To them, it would be the most important thing in the world.
So, he did save a family.
And to them, it mattered.
So, no. He’d never sell Patty’s contract, no matter how tough things got.
Hector sighed. He had no choice. He pulled up the banking system and drew the remaining 500 from Patty’s account. He had 80 in wallet. Bringing him at 420 short. Canvas wouldn’t kill him and paint his Apollonian body with Hector’s blood for a measly 420 euros, would he?
He could also go to a loan shark, which would simply delay the inevitable, as they would gouge him in interest and leave him strapped for cash in two months.
As if on queue, Patty jumped down the stairs and ran up to him, excited.
“I figured out how to make the cash we need!”
She slapped a flyer on his counter. ‘Underground Jugger Match,’ it said, then went on with some details.
He looked up at her. “No, this is too dangerous.”
Patty grinned and looked at him wide-eyed. “Yes!”














DROP THIRTY-NINE


Canvas prayed to the war god, Ares. He was breathing hard, back against the wall. Angelo was down and bleeding, a mere three metres to the side, yet he couldn’t reach him.
Bullets whizzed and ricocheted around him, cover fire from a sentry landrone. It was high calibre, tearing through walls and cover as if it were cheese.
There were twelve hostages inside, two of them underage. Canvas injected a stim in his thigh. He peeked around as fast as he could and seared their positions in his mind. He was so fast that his combat veil didn’t have time to register the non-combatants, he had to do this old-style.
It was good that he had ducked, because the sentry drone shot the very spot his head had been a fraction of a second later.
Michael was further back, pinned down as well. Injured, but barely. Canvas checked his ammo. Three clips. He switched into single fire mode and popped out, shot once, making sure there were no hostages anywhere near his line of fire, and ducked again.
The cement corner turned into fine dust.
He gritted his teeth. It was now or never. “Michael, pull Angelo behind cover as soon as I draw fire.”
“No, babe, you’ll-”
“Michael!” he demanded.
“Yes, sir.”
Canvas darted out of cover and went into a mad dash. He felt rocks hitting him, perhaps debris from the shredding of the wall behind him. That damn sentry drone was far too intelligent, definitely black-market AI. It had shot his scout drone, all of their combat mirrors, everything, single shot. It was maddeningly accurate. From the collective two seconds Canvas had managed to see of it, it was a silly thing, a machine gun whirring about, balancing on top of two rugged wheels like a killer Segway.
And it might have already gotten Angelo. “Can’t see, did you get him safe?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Michael said, panting. “He’s, uh, it’s bad. I’m patching him up, but we need a Tripod, like now.”
“It will just get shot down, wait for the all clear.” Canvas of course wanted to call up a Tripod real bad. Those glorious medivac drones of Apollo, they’d swoop down in a column of light and take care of the wounded and dying, bringing them back to life. But it would just get shot down. No self-respecting officer would ever program his sentry drone to shoot a medivac down, but he was certain this one would.
Damn that nutjob, damn him! He hated those people, those rebelling against corporations and all that nonsense. Stupid, ugly, unfuckable toads. Blowing up buildings, hacking data serves, pasting their shit ideology around. What did they expect people to do? Just sit back and watch? No, they sent people like him to clean it up. Fuckers. People didn’t care. They just wanted to live their lives and eat their pizzas and spend their paycheck on stupid crap.
Why did morons like those guys want to take a shit all over everyone’s parade?
He glanced at the rebel once more. A criminal. An ostracised person. Worthless. Killing people, blowing Canvas’ shit up.
His neighbourhood. Fucker coming to his neighbourhood, killing his people. Fucker. He’d kill him. He’d kill him and then hunt down all his chicken-shit pals and kill them too, and then draw dicks on their foreheads with each other’s blood.
Fuckers.
From his angle, Canvas could see the little girl on the ground, staring straight at him. She was scared and had her tiny little hands over her head. She couldn’t have been more than two years old.
“Joy!” a woman’s voice screamed and Canvas had to stick his head out.
The sentry was turning the barrel at the little girl.
This couldn’t have been autonomous behaviour. “No, no, no,” Canvas spat out and looked back. The criminal was controlling the sentry drone, gripping a tablet, eyes on the child.
Grimace of a madman.
“Fucker!” Canvas said and leaped forward. There was no time. He’d never get to the girl on time, even pumped full of stims as he was.
It was just not humanly possible.
The mother cried out, torn in half by the bullets. She fell on the ground, dying in a pool of red blood right in front of her child.
“Canvas, no!” his lover called out but he wasn’t about to stop now.
He grabbed the girl and ran for his life. It was easy because he actually was doing just that. The sentry tore up the place behind him. Again, rocks pelted his back.
Michael charged forward from his flanking position and shot the criminal right in his stupid, rebellious face. Then he tossed a grenade right into the middle of the hostage area.
“Michael?” Canvas cried out, surprised. Why had he risked the civilians? He hugged the little girl tight in his arms.
The grenade was just a soda can. The sentry identified it as a threat through, and targeted it, shooting it into a puff in the air. Michael got the opening to fire. It was half a second, but it was something.
“Cover your ears, sweetie,” he said to the girl, who complied like a good little soldier. Canvas pulled out his sidearm and fired along with Michael. The sentry drone sparked and whirred about, trying to remain upright. The barrel pointed around spasmodically and the pair didn’t wait to see if it was damaged enough. They unloaded all their rounds on it, taking care of their line of fire against the hostages. 
The sentry got destroyed.
The hostages stood up cautiously, looking around.
“No more casualties,” Michael reported. “All clear?”
“All clear.”
At his command, there was a sonic boom above and the Tripod descended, grabbing Angelo inside its white light. Canvas held the girl away, preventing her from seeing her mother. “Hey, Joy is it? Right? Don’t turn around, just hold still and keep your eyes shut. Okay, my little soldier?”
Joy nodded all the way up and down, her tiny hands over her ears and her eyes closed with a frown. “Okay, sir.”
Canvas couldn’t help but smile at that. He rubbed her back and stepped forward to inspect the body on the ground, checking for vital signs. She was gone.
Michael sent orders to the emergency response vehicles that were on standby, then ran to Canvas and felt him up.
“Hey, kids present.”
“Are you okay?”
“Sure I am. And so is Joy, who’s gonna keep her eyes shut until we find her daddy.”
“Babe, you got shot,” Michael said, worried. “There’s no way it didn’t go through, look at my Deltoid protector.” He lifted his upper arm. It was shredded, and he was very much bleeding, sipping through his bandage.
“No, I’m…” Canvas looked back at the holes on the wall. “I was shot, Ares’ balls, man. Sorry, Joy. Keep your ears closed.”
“Did Ares protect you, mister?”
“Sure he did. But he did so through the magnificent hands of a dear friend of mine. His name is Hector and I owe him my life.”
“Where’s my mommy?”
“…Let’s find your daddy, first.”














DROP FORTY


They were headed to pick up Tony on the way.
Athens was nice. There was plenty of traffic, the hustle and bustle of the nightlife was all around. The Gazi area they would eventually head to, known for bars and cultural events, was a mixed bag of experiences, from the posh to the downright underground.
They drove in silence, radio off. She was silent as well, probably thinking over their problems from every angle. Hector appreciated a woman that could sit silent next to you without blabbing your ears off. His ex was the exact opposite and it was honestly the worst thing you could do to an artisan like Hector, not letting him concentrate.
Hector laughed on his own.
“What?” she asked.
“I just realised I don’t know much about you. Why don’t you tell me some?”
“You’ve watched my interviews.” She waved it away, looking out the window.
“I haven’t. I want to hear it from you.”
“Fine,” she sat upright. “What do you wish to know?”
“Where are you from?”
“I’m from Patmos.”
“Oh, nice island. I’ve been there, ages ago.”
“It is. But I hated it there. I wanted to be a journalist. Not much in the way of news in a small island like that.”
“Journalist, eh? And did you? I mean, become one?”
“I… I tried to. I came to the city, young and stupid and full of dreams. Went to a private school, learnt all about journalism, or so I thought. Then I graduated and tried to get a job.”
“Sounds normal so far. Something go wrong?”
She bit her lips. Hector liked it when she did that. “I had all the necessary skills. But I lacked… guile.”
“I could have told you that!” Hector chuckled.
She eyed him angrily. Then she sagged. “Yeah… it’s true.”
“And what happened?”
“I should have realised the pattern sooner, but I was only twenty years old. I studied while others around me got apprenticeships by sleeping with teachers and prominent journalists, men and women alike. By the time I was ready to work, they had already gotten every available slot. I wasn’t like this back then, I was very young and could turn a few heads. But I foolishly thought that the job was axiocratic.”
“I see. It’s okay, there’s no shame in wanting to be appreciated for your skills and your brain.”
She turned to him, mouth open. After an entire minute, she said, “You actually mean that, don’t you?”
“Of course I do.”
They drove the rest of the way to Tony’s house in silence.
Hector texted him, and they waited. He looked at Patty. “I appreciate you opening up to me. Yes, you girls have no privacy and yes, I could read it all online, but I wanted you to feel comfortable enough to tell me all that.”
She raised her chin. “I was. I mean, I am.”
Tony burst inside the truck, carrying his laptop bag. He slammed the door shut and rapped the headrest rapidly. “Come on, already! We’ve got illegal matches to get to!”














DROP FORTY-ONE


The Underground had the same feeling as the official Cyberpink stadium. Tons of fans, though more of the nightlife variety, drinks, music, junk food. Everything was the same, the buzz, the pre-game excitement.
There was one major thing that was different, though. Where the Cyberpink matches were family friendly by an extreme stretch of the term, these were downright explicit.
Holos of athletes performing sex acts on each other threatened to blind and emotionally scar him. Official merchandise, definitely stolen, Hector thought, was sold next to bootleg sex toys and teledildonics molded after your favourite athlete. Porn AROs were sold left and right, and people were casually standing there, checking them out and buying them as if they were groceries.
Tony, of course, looked like a kid in a candy store. He ran off and bought a couple of soft drinks for himself, after offering to get some for them as well. Then he went on a shopping spree.
“Okay, talk me through this. What do we do?”
Patty raised a shoulder. “It’s simple really. Whereas Cyberpink has rules and regulations, here, there are none. No limits on bets, no limits on technological, chemical or gene doping, game is streamed in pirate sites around the world. They also accept girls with over 30% augmentations, so the competition is fierce.”
Hector frowned at that. “What’s that exactly?”
She presented herself with a flourish. “I’m 21% augmented. Cyberpink, as you well have seen, is brutal. If I were to get injured further and need over 30% augmentations, I would be disqualified permanently from the official tournament. The debt is still there of course, without any of the perks. So I’d have to earn money somewhere else.”
Hector pointed around. “Earn them here. Got it. What kind of money are we talking about?”
“There are three things you can do. Well, four, if you count whoring me out.” She searched into his eyes.
“Never. Three things, go on.”
“One is betting. Pretty much what you’ve seen, but there are no limits. You’d have to establish a reputation of course to bet something like a million.”
“Good thing we don’t have a million, then. What’s two?”
“Two is to rent me out as a player for tonight. It’s a 5-hour contract that invalidates nothing of my standing ones. That man over there is who you need to talk to, Phobos.”
Hector went pale. “Pickle, that’s Ares’ second in command!”
“Exactly. When he’s not out in the world raiding villages or upturning dictatorships, he runs the Underground. It’s the next best thing to war for him, he likes having fun that way.”
Hector tsked. “Charming. How much does that pay?”
“Two thousand.”
“Per match? Win or lose?”
“Either, doesn’t matter. Phobos believes you should have bet on your athlete anyway, so that’s your bonus for winning.”
“That’s actually good advice for troop morale. 2k sounds nice. And what’s the third?”
“Ah. The third is what I wanna do tonight.”
“Lay it on me.”
“I want you to rent out an entire team.”
Hector chuckled. “Yeah, right, as if that’s gonna happen.”
Patty tapped her foot and crossed her arms, insisting on the course of action she laid out.
Hector frowned. “It is?”














DROP FORTY-TWO


Phobos was half-cyborg. A powerful mesh of augmentations and armour, all in a deep shade of red. A smartrifle was on his back, even in the middle of a city full of civilians. Who’d even dare give him trouble for it?
“I approve of the plating,” Hector said, shaking the man’s hand.
The war veteran, and probably war criminal as well, shook his hand and catalogued him as not a threat. His expression, whatever little he could actually move, gave it away. “Blacksmith,” he wheezed.
“You could call me that, yeah. Let’s get down to business, shall we? I don’t wanna waste your time.”
“Wise.”
“My lovely athlete here, Patty Roo, says that I can rent out an entire team and play the next match. I have one enforcer only, so four more athletes per 2k each means I just send you 8k right now in cryptocoins and we’re in business.”
The war veteran stared down at him, his eyes darting in his veil. Weirdly, it wasn’t shared, because otherwise Hector would be able to see it. Hector mentally slapped himself. Well, duh. He was on a combat veil, a separate Augmented Reality network for Ares’ soldiers alone.
Now that he thought about it, he’d never seen Canvas’ veil too. But it was easy to miss as every time he met the man he was anxious to save his skin.
The general finally replied, “Approved.”
“Great!” Hector clapped his hands. “Do we sign a contract?”
“No contract. Deal like men. Break deal, I kill you,” the war criminal shrugged as if it would be a terrible inconvenience for him.
“Ah. Okay then.”
The general eyed him.
“Right, sending them now. Done.” Hector his pockets extremely light. It was stupid, since the money was digital, but he had no more cash on him.


They left Phobos and walked down to the locker room. Tony was giddy about it, walking right behind them. It was dirty everywhere, dirty corridors, dirty floors, dirty lockers. The Cyberpink tournament was well used and smelled of sweat and blood, but at least it was taken care of. This place would make a pig hold its nose.
“I hope you know what you’re doing,” he sighed towards Patty.
She walked beside him, carrying her gear. “I can win this match and get the pot. Twenty thousand in one night, all our troubles gone. “
“Yeah, at the risk of you getting hurt. And don’t lie to me that there isn’t a risk in here.”
“Of course there is,” she sighed and stopped. “Look, those bimbos at the Pinup Girls wouldn’t know strategy if it hit them on the head. Don’t judge my skills from those matches, the entire team was out of sync. No training at all.”
“I agree. I actually saw you doing a lovely dance with Cherry for a moment, before it all went to shit.”
“Why, thank you!” she beamed at him. “Exactly. Well, these girls don’t mess around. They’re like me.”
A group of four athletes walked inside the locker room. They were all heavily augmented, well armoured, carrying helmets and Jugger weapons, and they all had variations on the short-hair motif. Most were quite hot, if you were into the whole cyberlimb thing, which Hector didn’t mind and had to admit he was totally into.
“Now this is what I’m talking about!” he said excited and inspected the troops. He leaned in close and checked out their gear. “Metasteel weaving, auxetic metamaterials, ceramic impact zones. Gods, you’re so hot,” he told to the first one, a blonde.
She looked puzzled, but then smiled wide at him. “Wow, you should smile more often, gorgeous. I’m Hector, I’ll be renting you lovely athletes for tonight. For tonight’s match,” he corrected with a chuckle. “As I personally don’t know shit about Jugger, your coach will be Patty over here. I call her Pickle. Come on over, Pickle.”
She stepped on his foot with her augmented leg. He suppressed a scream, biting down on his thumb. If he hadn’t been wearing boots, he’d be missing a toe right now. “Don’t call me that,” she angrywhispered at him.
She took charge, and the four girls turned towards her. “We’ll be doing a standard 1-3-1, then switch to a…”
He let her manage the whole deal. She was much better at it, anyway. Hector grabbed Tony and got him outside to place a bet. He got a text from her, while at the same time coaching her team for the night.
‘Trust me,’ it said.
‘I trust you,’ he texted back.














DROP FORTY-THREE


Five minutes before the match, Patty was sweating hard.
They had bet everything on this outcome. So much could go sideways. She stood there, holding her greaves in her hand by the straps. She banged her forehead on the locker, it made a hollow thud every time.
“That’s not how you put them on,” Hector said, showing up. He winked at her.
“What? Oh, right,” she forced a laugh. Even she didn’t believe it.
“Let me do this for you.” Hector knelt down.
“No, I-”
“Shhh. I’m the expert on this, remember? I dress you up, you kick ass on the field. Deal?”
She rolled her eyes.
Hector dressed her with her greaves, his movements precise, calculated. He tied everything as much as needed, not too tight.
Then he stood up and added the breast padding over her exoskeleton. He reached around her waist and she blushed immediately, feeling the heat of her blood rise up by the proximity of their bodies. His fingers locked the padding in place on her torso.
Then he reached for the longsword.
“No,” she interrupted. “I’m going with sword and shield. It’s the best tactical equipment for me.”
“Okay.” Hector picked up the sword instead and clipped it into her belt. It was padded and plastic, had no blade. There was no need for a sheath.
Then, he picked up her shield. He tied it around her shoulder and over her back, in a way so she could reach around and bring it forward.
Then he picked up her helmet. He met her eyes and pushed her hair behind. She leaned her head down and he placed her helmet on. He reached out to fix a stray tuft of hair out of her eyes.
“Ready.” He said proudly.
Patty felt great after all this. All worry had lifted from her shoulders, all stress squeezed into the blunt tip of her sword. She swallowed, then said, “Thank you, Hector.” She dashed out of the locker room.
“Go, kick their asses, Pickle!” he yelled behind her.
“Idiot,” she mumbled but she couldn’t help but smile.














DROP FORTY-FOUR


The drum started beating. The match was on.
Patty’s team charged as they were told to, screaming at their opponents. Within seconds, they had two girls pinned down, the qwik had the skull and the chain was protecting her, rushing forward.
Score.
“Woohoo!” a man cheered from the audience, loud enough to be heard over the ruckus that ensued.
Patty looked up. It was Hector. She bit her lips but they turned into a smile.
Reset.
Drum beating.
“2-1-2,” she said and the girls complied. She shield-bashed the first enforcer in her way, dumping her behind completely. Red blood sprayed the field. 
Patty pressed on, charging the chain. She was spinning her ball around her in wide arcs, already hitting one of her enforcers, going for another hit.
She brought the shield up and protected her enforcer, and the drum beat cycled her paralysis. Free to move, they both attacked the chain both from on high and low, striking her on the floor and pinning her down. Patty’s enforcer held her sword on the opponent chain and nodded away. “Go!”
Patty spun, avoided a blow from a q-tip, then blocked another with her shield. She bashed forward and got another opponent down, blood splattering on her. She kept hitting and made sure she was down.
The ref wouldn’t even whistle at her, but she wasn’t an animal. She stopped when the girl got knocked out.
Her qwik butted heads with the opponent’s same and Patty was too far away to help. So she pinned down the nearest enforcer and trusted her experienced team to get through it.
They did, and made an opening for the little blondie to weasel through and score another skull.
The fans clamoured, shook the place down. They were ecstatic.
Patty’s heart beat fast.
She loved this shit.














DROP FORTY-FIVE


“What the hell was that?” Hector came up to her in the corridors, jumping from excitement.
“Are you pleased, my owner?” she teased, pulling off her helmet.
“Pleased? That was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen!”
Tony stepped forward. “Can I please take a selfie with you, Patty? I’m gonna be telling about this match to my buddies and they won’t believe me.”
Patty turned to Hector.
Hector raised his palms. “Your call.”
“Oh, why the hell not? Come here, you disgusting little man,” she said, and they took a selfie, kissing him on the cheek.
“He’s in shock. Yeah, he’s out. He’ll recover, leave him for now. Patty, are we seriously collecting cash right now?”
“Yeah.”


Phobos seemed angry. Or, maybe that was his normal face, just a scowl with scars.
“So? Could you send me the earnings?” Hector said, wincing.
Phobos raised a red finger towards Patty on the back. “Good strategist.”
“Yeah, she is.”
“Pay 100k for her, right now.”
Hector looked back. Patty was getting swarmed by fans, clearly not used to all this attention. She was blushing, smiling wide, posing awkwardly for pictures. “Uh, respectfully, I have to decline. She’s not for sale.”
Phobos grunted. He then raised his wrist, and Hector honestly thought he was gonna get bitch-slapped. Flinching, he braced himself.
A payment arrived in his cryptowallet. 11k.
Pushing his luck, Hector dared to make another question. “Mr Phobos, General, sir, wasn’t it supposed to be 20k?”
“It is. 8k payment athletes. 1k commission,” he grunted.
“Right! Of course. Nice doing business with you. Keep the place running, the ambiance is magnificent.”
“It is,” the war criminal grunted.
Hector walked out of there as if his pants were on fire.














DROP FORTY-SIX


Canvas showed up at his store. Like every other time, he left his men outside and went inside with just two of them.
“Where’s your better third?” Hector asked, looking for the familiar face of Angelo.
“He’s injured,” Canvas said through his teeth. “Ten thousand,” he said, bringing his face over Hector’s. Then he stepped in the middle of the store and started undressing, pulling his vest and his t-shirt off.
Hector flinched and covered his head. “Whoa, Canvas, I’ve got the money, you don’t need to-”
The man showed his rippling muscles. Large patches of purple dirtied his otherwise smooth and waxed body.
Hector winced. “Ow, that’s gotta hurt.”
“All those are 50 calibre, direct hits.”
“Ouch.”
“Exactly. I would’a been a goner if it hadn’t been for the armour you made me.” He pointed at Hector’s chest with a strong finger.
“So… you are completely satisfied?”
The big, scary man stared down at him. Then he hugged him tight, squeezing Hector in his pecks.
“Love you too, buddy,” Hector said out of breath, slapping his arm.
“And by protecting me, you saved even more lives, civilians. I want you to repair mine and make more for my boys.”
Hector choked. “Y-Yes. Of course.”
“Take Michael’s measurements for now, and we’ll come back with Angelo when he’s up and about.” Canvas opened his veil and sent him twelve thousand euro.
Hector blinked at the notification. Then he composed himself and clapped his hands together. “Nice. Let’s take your measurements, shall we? Follow me, please.”














DROP FORTY-SEVEN


Patty looked around the house, looking for Hector. She found him down in his man cave.
Naturally.
She liked watching him work. His intensity was inspiring, and she had to admit his armours were a work of art.
“Is that a shield,” she asked interrupting him with a snack. Fresh fruit and some cheese.
He looked up. “Oh, nice. Yes, that’s a standard cyberpink shield, just bought it online.” He snatched a bite.
“And what are you doing with it?” she crossed her arms and leaned on his work bench. She was wearing the eyepatch, her eye was fritzing out again.
“I’m studying it, for now. There’s lots of room for improvement. I downloaded the rules and specs for the dimensions and materials that can be used in their construction, and I think I can push them a bit further.”
She clicked her tongue. “So, you’re making me a shield.”
“Well, yeah.” He ate more fruit. Imported oranges, very nice and juicy. They made a mess so she brought him napkins too. “You said it makes the most sense from a tactical position, so you need the best gear.”
“The coach won’t let me use it. It brings down the sexy in the Pinups. Not that there’s anything sexy in losing all the time or getting knocked out,” she grumbled.
“Actually, I went through your contract with the ‘dumb-it-down-for-me’ AI. It’s wondrous, I have no clue how I survived without one all my life. Anyway, there’s a clause where I can demand maximum protection for my athlete from the team. And I can call up on the opinion of an expert in cases where it’s fuzzy. And guess what? I’m an expert. Yay! So I sent an email to Nicomedes and demanded that your next match is with sword and shield.”
Patty snorted. “He’ll throw a hissy fit over this.”
“It’s within my rights, and I see it as an obligation,” he said simply.
Patty bore holes into the man’s back. Could he really be that simple to figure out?
Could she really have been so lucky?
He raised the shield proudly. “I’ll name it, the lid.”
“Stop naming things. You suck at it.” She made sure to sound angry, but she couldn’t wipe a smirk off her face. “Let’s talk finances.”
“Riiight,” he sighed, putting the shield town. “Let’s see, I paid the rest of 6k to Canvas, but he paid me 12k out of his own money, so we’re 6k in profit. We got 11k from your magnificent victory down at the Underground, so that’s a total of 17k. Doc is coming over tomorrow, and we have to pay the man for his services, so that’s 3k gone. Down to 14k. Here’s 500 I took out of your allowance, plus 500 I wanted to give you anyway, so that leaves me with 13k. I-”
Patty shook her head and raised her palm at him. “Wait. Back up a second. Allowance?”
“Yes.”
“What allowance?”
Hector shrugged, “I don’t know, spending money, clothes, taxi, makeup. Women stuff.”
“I’ve never had an allowance before.” She thought of something and tensed up. “What do you want from me in exchange?
“Nothing.”
“Will it be no-strings-attached?”
“Unless you wanna buy strings with it,” he joked. “Seriously, why is it so weird? Yes, allowance, do whatever you want with it. Spend it, save it, drink it, whatever,” he waved away.
Patty’s eyes widened, even though she could see only through the one. He was serious. Her breath caught.
“Can I go on? Thank you. So, materials are expensive for Canvas’ armours but, hah, I will not skimp on those, so 4k is already off to my supplier. That leaves me with 9k, not counting the bills. Nine measly thousand with which to offer to buy one of the most coveted athletes out there, who’s raking in 14k by herself every month.” He pointed at somewhere out there, looking annoyed.
“I still don’t trust her. But if she said she’d have something lined up to make the offer acceptable, I think she will.” For a second, Patty thought about leaning down and eating some fruit seductively, like Mamacita would have. Parting her lips, juices running down her throat, men hanging by her every word.
Why the hell not?
She leaned down and held a strawberry with her teeth, wrapping her lips around it.
Is this how women looked seductive? She was doing it, right?
“What the hell are you doing?” Hector asked her, looking sideways.
“Nothing!” She straightened up and looked away, chewing on the strawberry.
Actually, she was giddy about using up her allowance! Nope, she composed herself. She’d save some for a rainy day. Half. Half felt about right. But she’d splurge with the rest, as much as possible. Athens was an expensive city.
She could buy all the pickles she wanted!
“You’re very good at giving advice. I’d be a fool not to ask for your opinion, Pickle. Tell me if it’s the wrong move. I’ve already got one owner angry at me.”
“You have. And I’m telling you, he won’t forget what you did. And I still have to uphold my contract with the fucker.”
“Don’t worry, it’s just one more match. You can handle it, I have faith in you.”
“I still can’t get a hold of Cherry. I’m worried.”
“I’ll ask him tomorrow. Now, back to my question. Won’t Hondros be insulted by such a trivial offer?”
“Perhaps. But again, we’re betting on Mamacita to have the deck stacked in our favour already. It’s her wide ass on the line.”
Hector raised his eyebrows. “Wide, eh?”
“Wide,” Patty nodded.
“I hadn’t noticed,” he said indifferently.
She snorted. “Sure you haven’t. Eat your fruit.”














DROP FORTY-EIGHT


Hector had dressed up this time. The Laimargia restaurant was still full of fancy cars, but he couldn’t do anything about his wheels right now. So he settled for being presentable himself, wearing the one and only suit he owned.
He still wore a ballistic undersuit, though. He wasn’t crazy.
He walked up to the head waiter, or whatever the fuck his title was, and said, “Mr Hondros is waiting for me, name is Troy.”
The stuck up man checked the system and saw that it was true. Smiling wide, a smile Hector was certain was practised down to perfection, he said, “Follow me, sir.”
He didn’t need a guide, you could locate Hondros in any restaurant. You just followed the munching sounds. Next to him, radiant as ever was Mamacita. She raised her heavy eyelids at him but didn’t betray any other emotion from their encounter.
“Hello again.”
“My friend, Hector, sit, please. Eat. What can I get you, the meat here is delicious.”
Thinking on his bank account, Hector didn’t want to get anything, even if it was paid. It was no good getting used to riches. That’s what dad always said. “Nothing, thanks. Perhaps some ouzo.”
“Ah, yes! Ouzo for three, please. And a selection of seafood to help it down? Thanks.”
“And hello again, miss Lopez. You are always welcome to brighten up my negotiations.”
“What can I say?” she said huskily. “Powerful men turn me on.”
Hector felt his crotch respond to that. He repositioned himself and coughed. “Yianni, my friend, may we get straight to the point? I know you’re a busy man.”
They served his selection of fishfood just then. That’s why the fat man must have liked it here, the service was lightning fast. At least for him.
“Mmm, tasty. And some ouzo. Delightful! Now, tell me, Hector, what was it that you wanted?”
Hector hesitated for a second and glanced at Mamacita for the go-ahead.
She seductively blinked at him, which was just her normal facial expression.
Hector opened his mouth. Then the table erupted.
Gunshots cracked from semi-automatics, bullets ripped the tablecloth and the wood. He fell down and covered his face. The restaurant patrons screamed and ran for their lives. The staff cowered in fear. 
A man walked in, wearing urban gear, looking like a mercenary. He was holding an Ingram MAC-11 in his hand, reloading it. It was a boxy, small SMG that could unleash hell in an instant. “Hondros, you fat fuck,” he said and pointed it at the man.
Hector didn’t think, he just reacted. He fell on top of the fat excuse for a person and covered his head. He got hit with at least half a clip from point-blank-range. His back hurt like a motherfucker. He glimpsed behind.
The mercenary grunted and went to reload with another clip from his belt.
That gave Mamacita enough time to close the distance and grab him with her cyberarm. There was an audible crunch as she spun the man’s arm around his back and chocked him with no hesitation.
Hector stood up. “OWWW!” he complained loudly, his entire back a mess. He fell down again, rolling next to Hondros.
The pudgy man grabbed him by the neck, there on the floor. “You saved my life! My friend, my good friend. How can I ever repay you?” He was spitting out chunks of food as he spoke.
Hector got him once again by a sledgehammer, this time a metaphorical one. He turned to Mamacita. She looked satisfied.


The authorities came and bagged the mercenary. They got statement logs from everyone’s veil. The head waiter looked terribly annoyed by the pause in business. It was as if was a minor inconvenience and he wanted everyone out so he could continue to serve customers.
Hondros looked happy to make the head waiter happy, eating his adrenaline down.
Hector sat to the side because his bruises were killing him. “I’ll be completely honest with you, Yianni.”
Mamacita’s posture changed imperceptibly. 
Hector would never had seen it if he wasn’t looking for her reaction.
“Please, do. Honesty is a good thing,” Hondros said, munching on a turkey’s leg.
“I came to this meeting, with an offer for Mamacita’s contract.”
Hondros simply stared. His mouth open and full of food, he said, “Of course. If the price is right.”
Mamacita interjected, touching at owner. “Surely, you could be a little generous to the man who just saved your life, my cutie bear,” she said, fluttering her eyelashes with a wry smile.
“Yeah, but… You’re my highest earner. It has to be a damn good offer to even consider it, darling.”
Hector decided to be done with it. “Nine thousand, that’s the offer. Cash and immediate transfer of ownership.”
Hondros laughed and choked on his turkey. He coughed a few times, then looked back up. “You’re serious?” he said incredulous, spitting out food.
“That’s the offer, yes.”
He leaned back and seemed to thing about it. He looked from Mamacita to Hector and back.
Hector knew that from a financial standpoint, it didn’t make sense. He could just wait for the next month and get even more out of her. And he didn’t seem like he needed the money right now. Hector felt a bit silly for doing this.
“You’re killing me, man,” Hondros complained.
Hector stared silently. He knew that a good part of a negotiation was to make an offer and then shut the fuck up.
“I can give you Cherry, you liked her last time, I think, yeah? She’s nice and hot, a cute little thing.”
Hector bit his lip. He didn’t wanna speak, or he would ask why then he’d sent a cute little thing to suck dick for a better deal. Impassively, he had to admit these paramone contracts were a godsend for disgusting people. You paid money, bought one, had her earn more money, then whored her off to make some on the side, and you could have her suck dick to negotiate her own contract terms. If he hadn’t been so furious he’d admire the overkill of how lucrative they were. But he was furious, adrenaline still pumping in his veins. He finally decided he had nothing to lose. He scratched at the bullet holes in his suit, his only one he might add, and said, “Need I remind you that these holes should be on your clothes?”
He leaned forward and pressed on. “On your skin?”
Hondros’ lower lip quivered. “You’re killing me. There has to be something else you want, something-”
Hector crossed his arms.
“I’m sorry, my friend, but no,” Hondros said, throwing a napkin on the table. “Come to me with something reasonable and I’ll be more than happy to oblige.”














DROP FORTY-NINE


“Whoa, that’s a lot of pickles,” Hector said, coming in.
Patty hugged a jar tight, and said, “Mine.” A bit too over-the-top acting.
Hector laughed. “As if I would ever steal them.”
They had cleared out the 1st-floor study room and brought in a bed.
“Sorry for the second-hand furniture, but that’s it for now. We’ll see about getting something nicer in the future. My main concern is to sleep on my bed and for my back to stop killing me.” He held his arms high on the door frame and stretched his back.
Patty bounced on the bed, smiling. “It’s perfect,” she breathed in.
“Glad to hear. Make a list of other things you might need and I’ll go through it, see what we can do.”
“I could do with some curtains?” she said, scrunching her upper lip.
“Curtains?” Hector looked around. This side was indeed kinda bright. “Uh, okay. Make an order online and have them sent next month. It’ll come out of the next paycheck.”
She seemed pleased at that.
Hector clapped his hands together. “Well, this is starting to feel comfy, for all of us. You, me, Armadillo. Unfortunately, there’s only the one bathroom upstairs, but I’ll try to use the downstairs bathroom more.”
She lowered her head. “I’ll try not to interfere with your schedule from now on, Hector.”
“No, that’s fine! We have it, so I’ll just use it. I spend my life on the street level anyways.”















DROP FIFTY


Patty felt weird, having someone attach her nerves together. The Doc leaned over her head. There was a bright light in her face.
She winced at the pain.
“Doc, why is this done without anaesthesia?” Hector asked from somewhere outside of the pop-up operating room.
“Because, my dear Hector, it’s delicate work and I need her to tell me if everything looks right. We wouldn’t want to go through the entire operation, close her up and then find out that half her corneas aren’t properly connected, would we?” the Mechdoc said with his deep voice.
“Sorry, carry on.” Hector said and went silent. She could still hear him pacing up and down.
“Hector, I’m fine. Doc, tell me what you need from me,” she said.
“Look straight up please.” He held a tablet at a reading distance, with a picture of shapes.
“How many dots?”
“Nine.”
The picture changed.
“What colour is the cat?”
“Red.”
“Hmm.” He adjusted something. It didn’t hurt, it was just a tug inside her face. Felt like the room suddenly went darker, though.
“What about now?”
“Orange.”
The picture changed.
“Tell me which line is bigger.”
“The lower one.”
The picture changed.
“Tell me please, how many lions are in this picture.”
“Three, four… Six.”
“Good.”
The picture changed.
“Read the time for me, please.”
“10:25.”
The picture changed.
“Which of the two buildings is closer?”
“The one on the right.”
“Good.”
He adjusted something, tugging on her optical nerve. Balls of light swam in her field of view.
The picture changed, this time it was a moving ball, bouncing around the edges of the tablet.
“Follow the ball with your finger, please.”
She followed the ball.
The Doc adjusted something. She kept tracing the ball, and he adjusted something again. He tapped something on his autosurgeon and Patty could smell meat cooking.
Oh, her stomach rumbled.
Nope, the autosurgeon was firing a laser at the side of her face and the flesh that was getting cooked was her own.
Still hungry. Could do with a pickle.
“All done here, you were a lovely patient my dear. Always a pleasure fixing you up.” He patted her on the shoulder.
She stood up, adjusting. Looking around, she felt fine.
The Doc gathered up his equipment, blasting them with UV inside a small device like a microwave and placing them in specific pouches on his robot mule. He pulled the plastic sheets down with the help of Hector, and they folded them neatly. They went through the whole disassembly quite fast, it was becoming a weekly thing. “Do everything as you’d normally do, just like exercising. Play with this ball, throw it around, it will help.” He threw a rubber ball at her. 
She caught it and bounced it on the wall. She missed catching it and it went for Armadillo. It scurried away and turned into a ball itself, thinking it was under attack.
She apologised to the little critter. “Oh, I’m so sorry, Armadillo. Didn’t mean to scare you.”














DROP FIFTY-ONE


“Cherry didn’t show,” Patty said, breathing out. “Now I’m worried.”
The locker room was buzzing with athletes getting ready. The Pinups were more form over function. Remembering on what the locker room down in the Underground match looked like, this was a direct contrast. The girls here dressed for style, wore no armour, covered up their bruises and cuts with makeup and clothing. “What about the match, do you have another qwik?”
Patty had her arms around her waist, frowning. “Yeah, Nicomedes can bring in one last-minute. It will cost him, but he won’t have a problem finding one. Hector, what if something happened to Cherry?”
He put his hand on her shoulder. “I’ll go find out. Focus on your game. Now, do you need anything from me before I go?”
Patty bit her lip.
“What? Come on, just tell me.”
She turned around. “It’s nothing, go.”
“Pickle. What is it, tell me?”
She looked away and scratched the edge of the shield he’d given her with her finger. “Could you, uh… I mean if you want to, uh, dress me up?” She pushed her hair out of her face and looked up at him, then down at her feet. “Like last time?” She quickly added, “For luck.”
Hector snorted at that. “Sure, Pickle. I’d love to. Let’s do this.” He smiled at her.
He knelt before her and wrapped her greaves around her tibias.
Then he stood up and got the breast padding. She was waiting, arms up. He tied it secure around her torso’s exoskeleton, making sure it wouldn’t interfere with her movements. He stepped behind her and tied the ends of the straps so that they were out of the way.
He picked up the sword. It was supposed to be non-lethal but Hector could feel the heft of it. He clipped it into her belt.
Then, with a flourish, he spun the shield around in both his palms. “Your new shield, warrior maiden.” She chuckled at that. He tied it around her shoulder on her back, making sure she could reach it.
Then he picked up her helmet. Hector looked around, none of the Pinups wore one, instead, going for straw hats and bandannas. Concussion-central. They stared at them, whispering amongst themselves. Didn’t matter, they weren’t his problem. His athlete was Patty. He didn’t care for others. 
She lowered her chin and he put on her helmet, pushing back the short strands of hair.
He rapped on her helmet with his knuckles.
He inspected her one last time. “Ready,” he said proudly.














DROP FIFTY-TWO


Patty had a gnawing suspicion that the entire team was trying to kill her.
Her suspicion evaporated quickly, and became a certainty.
Three enforcers ignored the qwik carrying the skull, and focused their attacks on Patty and Patty alone.
She blocked with her new shield, parried a few attacks, and could have handled it somehow if she knew that, given time, her team would come to her aid.
The Pinups thrashed around like the idiots they were.
Patty got hit, then pinned, then the real blows came.
The commentator said something. She couldn’t hear anything, her ear bled pink. Her vision became fuzzy. Was it an issue with her new cybereye?
No, Patty, that’s what happens when three decked-out athletes bonk your head repeatedly.
When they scored, she stumbled back to the starting line. Her helmet sat funny. She touched it. It was cracked.
How the fuck do you crack a helmet with nothing but training equipment?
The drum beat. Her ear bled. The Beasties attempted to kill her.
This time, she drew them far away to the other side of the field, managing to isolate one of the three and hit her first. The next Beastie got a mouthful of shield bash, and Patty felt nice to see a shower of pink blood in the air. “I’m doing you a favour! Now you can swap them out with canines, freak,” she taunted.
Then Echidna stepped forward and struck her in the leg. A crack. Then she came close, grappled her shield away and held her high in the air.
“What the fuck, how strong are you?” Patty felt bile coming up and dripping down the side of her mouth. The crowd screamed at the top of their lungs.
Then Echidna slapped her helmet away. She pulled her close, all Patty could see now were the yellow chasms of Echidna’s eyes. 
She snarled, “I deliver on my promises,” and ripped Patty’s cyberarm clean out of her socket.
Pink blood sprayed thick on the Pinup Girl next to her, and she screamed in horror.
The crowd went wild.














DROP FIFTY-THREE


Hector was going crazy with worry. The Doc came and went, then came and went again. He assured him that he had fixed the damage and the surrounding tissue was healing nicely.
The Doc’s words made him relax, just a bit. A tiny smidge.
He took care of her, letting her rest on her bed. Changed her IV, the usual. It was becoming a habit of theirs.
But the Doc said she’d be up by the next day, and that he should let her rest, and that he should sleep as well.
Yeah, yeah, right.
Hector went to the only place he could actually relax in, his workshop.
He picked up her gear. It was ruined, torn, splattered with blood. Reddish brown, since there was no tomfoolery present in this room to change its colour.
Armadillo sat on the workbench. “It’s crap! Who made this shit? It’s complete and utter crap!” he yelled and pushed the entire collection with a sweep of his arm, sending it all tumbling on the floor.
Armadillo twirled its front legs around.
“I know, why would you care? You’re the perfect fusion of armour and body…” he trailed off.
He slapped his forehead. “I’m such an idiot!”
He picked up Armadillo in his arms and studied it, scratching its belly. It wiggled its legs as he poked and prodded at it. “Yeah,” he mumbled. “Yeah, that will work…”














DROP FIFTY-FOUR


Hector slammed the doors open of the Laimargia restaurant. The head waiter came to him, and got a nice shove to the side. “Get out of my way, penguin.”
He sat across Hondros, who was there with Mamacita and another cyberpink girl.
He was eating baked potatoes. An entire crop’s worth of them, it seemed.
“You eat at the same place every day? No wonder it’s so easy to put a hit out on you!” Hector said, pushing a potato away from him. It had rolled at the empty side of the table.
“Hector, my friend!” The penguin waiter approached them, Hondros nodded and waved that everything was fine. “Dramatic entrance aside, what can I do for you? Hungry, perhaps?”
“Definitely not. What I want is to know if you had anything to do with Patty getting hurt yesterday.”
“Hector,” he complained with an exaggerated whine. “Why would I ever do such a thing to you? I owe you my life, after all. You need to look elsewhere.”
“I know what you’re doing, Yianni. I know you’re inciting situations to get athletes hurt, so you can step in.” Hector sliced the air with his palm, spitting the words out with rage.
The fat man shrugged innocently. “Accidents happen. It’s a very dangerous sport. How is… um?”
“Patty Roo,” added Mamacita. The other girl was pretty much a decoration, scrolling on her phone and looking pretty.
“Yes! How is she, by the way?”
“She’s was in the hospital, in surgery for hours. Then they sent her home under the care of my mechdoc. It looked much worse than it was. Thankfully most of the damage was on the augmentation.”
“Glad to hear. Mamacita dear, remind me to send her some flowers and a nice card wishing her a perfect recovery.”
“Yes, master,” she purred. 
Even without her acknowledgement being directed at him, Hector felt a tingle in his loins. “Thank you, Yianni. But I-”
“Excuse me, I’m feeling kinda full,” the fat man said and wiped his mouth off with a napkin. He stood up and went towards the back.
“What the-? Does he always shoot off like that?” Hector asked Mamacita.
She looked disgusted. “Yes…” she drolled. “This is a purge restaurant.”
“A what now?”
“People come here to gorge themselves full and then they purge in the bathrooms. They all have an augmentation lining that protects their digestive tract and the inside of the mouth from the stomach acids, leaving them free to purge all they want.”
“They what?” Hector squinted. He looked around. Now the setting made sense. People of all sizes, not just enormous ones like Yianni, ate till they were full and then went and barfed the entire thing in the toilet. Then they ordered another meal. Potatoes, chicken, fish sticks, ice cream, all in enormous quantities. You could see people holding their bellies, forcing themselves to gulp the whole thing down.
Sick.
Hector stood up and went to the bathroom. He found Yianni, he wasn’t that hard to find. He was huge and was retching loudly. Hector braced for the smell and felt thankful he hadn’t eaten anything. The aroma inside the bathroom was overpowering, mint and flowers.
Yianni barfed out chunks of potato. 
Hector could see them barely chewed down. He retched again.
Yianni emptied his stomach in a practised purge and then gurgled some mouthwash.
Laimargia restaurant. 
Gluttony.
Hector saw another man casually doing the same and cleaning up, then strolling off for his next round of eating.
He went to barf too, but nothing came out.
Yianni laughed next to him. He gave him a scented towel. “I see that you’re living the owner’s life to the fullest. Parties, connections. Girls. I was right about you. You’re gonna become a big name in this business.”
Hector said nothing, simply spat the taste out of his mouth and drank some water.
Yianni shrugged. “Or, die senselessly from all your do-gooder attitude.”
“Is that a threat?” Hector said through clenched teeth.
“Goodness, no! I’m just calling it how it is. After all, you saw what happened the other day, just a few metres from this spot.”
“You do know this is wrong, right? Purging?”
“What can I say? I have an eating disorder. I go to a therapist and all that?” Yianni grinned, not seeming repentant at all.
Fine. Hector didn’t care. Not his job, after all. “Will you accept a limited-time contract for Mamacita?”
Yianni sucked air through his teeth. “Sorry, she’s booked with Nicomedes for now. I have a lovely girl I can give you right now, the one back at my table-”
Hector raised a hand and cut him off. “Tell me what happened to Cherry. We’re alone in here.”
“Cherry? Oh, she’s fine,” Yianni waved away with his chubby hand. “She’s getting ready for an owner’s party down at the Pinup Girls, for tomorrow night. She’s having fun!” he squinted joyfully.
“Okay…” Hector didn’t really believe him but he had no other choice. “And she’s not on drugs?”
“That cute little thing? I’d never do that to her!”
“Riiight,” Hector grunted. He washed his hands again, feeling dirty. “Enjoy the next course,” Hector said flatly and walked out of that wretched place.














DROP FIFTY-FIVE


Patty appeared at the door, holding herself upright by her good arm.
She looked pale and tired, not her usual strong self.
Hector ran up to her, “Hey, let me help you.”
She slapped his hand away. “I’m fine,” she grumbled. “I’m hungry.”
Hector smiled and presented the kitchen. “Pickles and cheese?”
“Totally. I gotta go to the bathroom first.”
“If you need help, just call out to me. Don’t be a proud fool like you normally are.”
“Screw you,” she mumbled and dragged herself to the bathroom.


They had a long meal. Patty ate with her left hand so it took some time. Thankfully, Hector had the foresight to turn the meal into bite-sized snacks, smoked turkey and cheese and pickle rolls, so she could just grab a bite by herself.
“You’re a tough woman,” he said honestly.
“Sure. But she was tougher.”
“Doesn’t matter.”
“Hector, I… I’ll be out for a month, maybe two. I’m gonna miss the entire tournament. I can’t earn money.”
“Doesn’t matter.”
“Sure it matters, I-”
He threw his fork and it clattered on the plate. “Pickle! Really, it doesn’t matter. Yes, I’m broke again. Yes, it would be lovely if you could play your matches and get paid. But you’re not able to, so the best thing to do is to focus on your recovery.”
Her lips looked bitter. “Hector, I’m so sor-”
“Pickle! Want me to make it an order? Fine, as your owner and with the authority I have over your well-being, I order you to kick back, relax, and get better.”
She attempted to cross her arms. Being unable to, she simply scoffed expertly to the side. “Fine. Just so you know, you can’t order someone to relax.”
“Sure I can. I just did,” he said, grabbing a pickle roll, chewing on it, then spitting it back out with disgust.














DROP FIFTY-SIX


“I didn’t think I’d cry like this,” Patty sniffled.
Hector patted her on the shoulder, his mouth a line.
“I-He was just another scumbag, basically. He-He…” She burst into tears.
Hector hugged her. “I know, it’s okay.”
They were both dressed in black. The botanic garden next to Syntagma square was beautiful. Dripping with life, there were greens in all hues, colours from all the flowers, tweets from all the birds that flew lazily above them. A splash of colour and fresh air in the murky browns of the smog city.
It was paradise.
Demeter’s followers lowered Diego’s body in the ground. No casket. Just covered in a plain biodegradable shroud, in full contact with the earth. They wore earth colours and chanted in a melodic choir that resembled the birds and the animals and the trees.
It had taken far too long for the paperwork to finish up with a junkie that died on the side of the road, so here they were, months later.
Demeter’s website said that refrigeration is the greenest way to preserve one’s body, as it adds no chemicals to the ground. And they were all about eco-friendliness.
Hector held Patty. They watched the entire burial ceremony in silence. She whimpered softly and he could feel her body, her caught breath. The ceremony after a while was coming to a close.
The followers waited for them to do something. Patty picked up a handful of earth and threw it on Diego. Hector did the same. There were no others attending.
Demeter’s followers pushed handfuls of earth into the grave and chanted. The head follower held a white container above her head. It looked like a paper bucket, one you’d purchase ice cream in. It looked sleek with leaves designed on it. She mumbled something to the goddess and then lowered it over Diego’s chest. Then they pushed the rest of the dirt, covering up the hole.
The priestess offered a pitcher to Patty, and told her to water the seeds.
She did so.
The priestess gestured slowly, getting out of her trance. “And thus, a tree will spring forth from the ground and reach up to the sky, and then the cycle is complete.”














DROP FIFTY-SEVEN


Hector got her back on the bed. She complained, but lied down anyway.
His phone rang, and he walked out of the room to let her rest. “Hey, George!”
“Hello.”
“How’s the fit?”
“Oh, it’s perfect. You know, you should consider doing this for a living!”
Hector laughed. “Right. I’ll think about it. What’s up?”
“I got you an invite for tonight’s party. It’s over at the Pinup Girls. Since you’re new and wanna make connections and all, you wouldn’t wanna miss that one.”
“George, are you asking me out?” Hector teased.
“Gods no, my fiancée would kill me. I’m running security and we usually get a couple of invites to pass around to friends with discretion. Thought you could use the face time with the other owners. Plus, It’s a hell of a party, always is.”
“Sounds good. And I got a whole, what? Six hours to get ready.”
George snorted. “Want the invite or not? I got a buddy who’d grovel at my feet for it.”
“Hmm… Nicomedes doesn’t like me very much, but I’d love to just show up and rub it in his face. Sure, I’m in.”
“Nice. Dress sharp and come sober.” George clicked off.
Patty asked wearily from inside the room. “What party?”
“Hey, Pickle, you know I’d bring you along to see Cherry but your stitches are bleeding again-”
She waved the comment off. “No, I don’t care about that. I’m asking, what kind of party?”
“An owner’s party. Why?”
Patty went pale. “Hector! We need to get Cherry out of there.” She stood up and winced at the pain.
“But, why?”
“Because,” she gulped and grabbed his collar, “a girl usually dies in those parties.”














DROP FIFTY-EIGHT


“Is he coming?” Patty asked, anxious. She couldn’t believe she was actually begging for the icky hacker to join them.
Hector snorted. “Of course he’s coming. He’s running towards here as we speak, if I know the man. A party full of Pinup Girls? He wouldn’t miss it if you had a gun on his head.”
She bit her lip and waited. She was ready, pacing up and down on the apartment. Hector had gotten a suit from a last-minute rental service and he looked good in it.
She was lost in thought, worrying.
He got ready and didn’t meet her eyes as he said, “You know, at some point you’re gonna need to tell me a few things.”
“Like what?” Patty perked up.
“Nicomedes offered me 80k for you the first time I met him. Now, I know you’re not worth that much. You are to me, you kinda grew on me. But from a business standpoint, let’s face it. It sounds like a lot.”
Patty turned away, looking out at into the night.
He carried on, his voice sounding concerned. “So, that makes me think there’s something more to it, something I don’t know.”
She was about to apologise, but he stepped close and put a hand up. “You have your secrets. I get it. I’m only going to ask this though: Does it have anything to do with what we’re about to do?”
Patty met his eyes. Why did he have to have such kind eyes? She mulled it over, and he waited patiently, straightening and putting on his jacket. “No, it does not,” she finally said.
“I’m trusting you here,” he said, leaning his forehead towards her.
“I know. You’re right, there is something you don’t know, and I don’t know if I’ll feel like telling you someday, but it doesn’t have to do with tonight,” she said firmly.
He looked deep into her eyes. Then he simply said, “Okay,” and went downstairs for the garage.
Patty’s breath caught. She realised she had tensed up, as if she was bracing for an attack. Looking inside herself, she felt mad for feeling like that. This wasn’t an attack at her. Hector hadn’t accused her of anything. He was concerned and he had rightfully queried for something that didn’t add up. He had a right to, after all. He was her owner. She lived in his house, ate his food, used his utilities. And her income hadn’t even nearly covered her immediate medical expenses. That fucking Echidna, she’d show her next time. 
Why was she being so defencive? Hector wasn’t out to get her. He wasn’t out to abuse her. He had been a gentleman so far. And even if he suddenly turned around and became nasty towards her like she feared, it had nothing to do with this.
She asked herself, would she ever tell him her secret?
Perhaps, her lips answered silently.
Perhaps. But now it was time to save Cherry.
Bracing herself, she went downstairs to meet the men at the truck.














DROP FIFTY-NINE


“Whyyy can’t I come inside?” Tony whined.
“Because you’re a leery bastard. Also, I need you out here, hacking your way into Nicomedes’ computer.”
Tony complained through his nose and sagged on the car seat. He hugged his laptop tight. “A party full of cyberpink girls. Hot and sexy and boobily drinking their liquor. Anything can happen, anything,” he said to nobody in particular. He turned to Hector again. “You lucky bastard.”
“Just do your job!” Hector snapped at the man and fixed his suit. His old one was ruined by the attempt on Hondros’ life, so he rented one out. Trusting that this night too would hit the fan, he opted for the added insurance cost. It didn’t fit well of course, but that was a benefit because he wore the bulletproof undersuit as well.
The sickly neon sign flickered pink all over the place. They tried a few spots and then parked in a side street across the building, wardriving, as Tony called it, looking around for the best spot to get the building’s WiFi signal.
“With this booster antenna I’m okay,” Tony finally said waving the antenna around and got ready, his game face on. He looked like a constipated fat kid, but in his mind he must have looked badass.
Pickle was silent, the fleshy half of her face a complete frown.
Hector touched her hand. “Don’t worry, we’ll get her out.”
She forced a smile. “Yes. I hope so.”
He turned back to Tony. “Tell me again what I need to do.”
“You’ll go inside, act casual, enjoy the party full of Pinup Girls, you lucky bastard, and then you’ll sneak in to Nicomedes’ office. You plug in the flash drive with the Trojan, I take over, break his limited-time contract and get the girls out of there. Then you unplug the Trojan, and go home with a babe in each arm.” He mimicked kissing each imaginary girl at his side.
With tongue.
Patty elbowed him on the ribs.
“Ow! What did I say now?” He grinned in delight.
“Told ’ya not to hit him. He enjoys it.” Hector said, getting out of the truck.
Pickle shifted away from Tony, looking sideways at him.
“Be nice,” he told the both of them and went off to the party.


George greeted him and opened the door. Hector could tell he was wearing the vest he tailored for him and it indeed fit well. He winked at the muscular man as he got patted down and received a sly smile.
“I can’t help but think you’re feeling me up just a tad longer that you should, George. Buy me a drink first. I like ouzo.”
He felt him around, patting his sleeves. “It’s this underarmour. Man, I want one too.”
“You know where to find me.”
The other security guy waved his wand around on his back.
“No augs, just the veil ones.” 
“Have fun, Mr. Troy.”
“Thank you, George.”
He got inside the dreadful place.
Taking the stairs to the first floor, he heard the deep bass, music that made his chest throb. Lights and people and…
Oh, my.
A Pinup Girl came up to him and offered a tray. “Drink, sir?”
Hector tried not to stare, but he was a man, and she was frickin gorgeous. Gorgeous smile, gorgeous neck, gorgeous nipples. He took a glass of whiskey straight, his eyes darting at the topless woman and back to the drinks. He preferred an ouzo, but any booze was fine at this point. The girls wore nothing but high heels and some body paint with the Pinups’ logo on their buttcheeks. Plus a thong that barely registered as a clothing item.
That didn’t seem to please some men, it seemed, so they pulled even that down and got a nice, uninterrupted view of waxed pussy. The Pinup Girl had to smile back at them and said nothing as they laughed.
What a shitty group of people! Hector wasn’t a prude, he could appreciate a striptease or a bordello as much as any other man. But this wasn’t what these girls had signed up for. They’d been promised Jugger matches and fame and adoring fans, and what they got was being treated like meat by a bunch of disgusting men. And some women also, he noticed, which made his brain hurt with questions. It seemed being an asshole was a unisex trait.
You know, like having one was.
Hector was seriously reconsidering his plan here to make connections. The more he got to know these people, the more he wanted to get as far away from them as he could. He looked around, trying to find a normal person to talk to. Oh, there was an owner, lying back on a couch in the corner. He seemed norm-
Nope. He had a blonde ponytail bobbing up and down between his legs. He was getting a blow job, full of drugs.
Hector just leaned on a column, staying out of the way, and felt like high school all over again. He drank some booze, and winced. Expensive whiskey, but he never enjoyed it that much.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” a familiar voice said from behind.
Hector turned around casually, but he couldn’t keep his smile from showing. This was priceless. He looked down at the short man. “Hello, Nicomedes. Nice party. So many tits.” He pointed around. “And pricks,” he pointed at him.
Nicomedes’ face morphed from a bitter mask into a gleeful one.
What was the fucker up to?
“Nevermind. I’m glad you’re here. I bet you’ll just love the dodgeball game.”
Hector shrugged. “Sure, whatever. How many more tits can it possibly have than this?”
“Oh, plenty. But the attraction is, that it will have a pair you seem to be quite fond of.” Nicomedes smiled and showed his whitened teeth.














DROP SIXTY


Cherry covered her cooch with her hands. The others stripped her down and tried to comfort her, but nothing made her feel better.
“Here, wear these,” a redhead Pinup said and threw her a pair of protective goggles. Cherry tried to catch it, then realised her cooch was showing again, so she covered it back, and the goggles fell and she fumbled for them. The girls giggled at her and whispered stuff amongst themselves, pointing at her.
Cherry wanted to die.
They pushed her out to the training grounds, along with another naked Pinup. She too was short and fast, definitely a qwik herself, Cherry’s analytical mind told her. They had spoken briefly the other day. She was a week older than eighteen, a brunette, and had asked the other girls for advice on how to cut her hair. They told her to leave it long and dye it blond. She had shrugged and just made a ponytail.
What was her name?
Bella. Right.
Cherry stumbled into the training ground, covering her boobies and her cooch. The owners were gathered all around, laughing and drinking. They were standing around in tall tables that were placed inside the training area as if it was an event at some hotel. Nicomedes, her owner for the evening, announced the dodgeball but she didn’t hear a word.
Her ears drummed, all she could hear was her heartbeat. She turned back for some sympathy from the others.
Nothing.
If anything, she felt they wanted her to fail.
“Dodge, bitch!” one of the girls called out and the others chanted the same.
That’s when she saw it. A machine across the training floor, looking like a scary version of those tennis throwing thingies.
It whirred into life, like a monster breathing and flexing its muscles. 
Thub.
It shot something at her and her heart pumped even harder.
Time stopped, just for her, as it did when she wanted to.
She turned her body about forty degrees and arched her back. The ball shot through the air a few centimetres away from her and it gleamed as it zoomed past, reflecting in a warped, curvy perspective, the room and the lights and her startled face.
A ball bearing.
It struck the back wall, breaking into the concrete bricks that someone had placed there, shattering them with immense force.
Cherry turned around, her eyes wide.
Thub.
The machine fired again.
Cherry flinched but it wasn’t going for her. The other qwik got the ball bearing right in the face and fell down like a sack of meat.
Blood pooled away from her head.
“Too slow!” the owners booed.
Cherry couldn’t believe it! She wanted to scream, she wanted to cry out, she-
Thub.
Cherry dodged the ball bearing, touching the floor with her fingers. No time for decency, she let everything show. Daddy would understand.
Thub.
Cherry sidestepped and the ball bearing crashed the brick behind her, raising a cloud of smoke and concrete debris.
She stared down at the dead qwik. She felt something wet on the sole of her foot and went “Eww!” when it came back bloody. 
Cherry wanted to roll up into a ball and cry. But her instinct told her it wasn’t the time for that. She had to survive, first.
She had to be qwik.
Ignoring her drilled-in instinct to bring her forearms in a blocking position, she braced herself for the next shot.
Thub.
She dodged on time, but she slipped on the red blood. It was a glancing blow and the owners cheered. The ball bearing rocked her insides, striking bone and cracking it, sending a wave of pain up her nervous system. She could see the blow in slow motion, too late to avoid it, her skin rippling outward as it carried and absorbed the force of the impact.
Thub.
She raised her foot and wiped it in a smooth motion, then slapping it back on the floor, she dodged on time.
Thubthubthub.
Her heart pumped like crazy, each heartbeat feeling like a hammer on her broken rib. She glided on the floor as if this was a dance number, and she avoided all three. The ball bearings shattered the bricks and brought the top half of the makeshift wall crumbling down.
The owners cheered.
Thub. Thub.
She darted right, dodged, and got a direct ball bearing on the shoulder. She cried out in pain and the owners went wild. Glancing at it, the bruise was already painting itself outward from veiny red to sickly yellow.
She hated them. Why were they so mean to her? All she wanted was to design her own dresses and now they-
There was someone familiar up there. Dark and bearded, full of angles. Hector. His face was not like the others. Theirs were drunk and horny and ecstatic. His was rigid and set firmly into a scowl. It was like a close up of the Dark Night, the comic book she liked to draw from. Face full of cross hatching lines. A frown that could stop you dead in your tracks.
Thub.
She dodged, absent minded, still watching him, maintaining eye-contact.
Then she remembered she was butt-naked! Gosh, what a shame. She covered her cooch.














DROP SIXTY-ONE


“I don’t give a shit, Tony, do it now!” Hector hissed into his phone.
“But they’ll know we hacked into their system,” Tony complained.
“Let them know. Do it. Now.”
“Fine.”
Thubthubthubthub.
The machine that spat out ball bearings rotated and started firing in a wide arc. The owners screamed as the ball bearings tore through glasses with expensive booze, clothes made of expensive fibres, and soft tissue of expensive plastic surgery.
Everybody ran for their lives. Hector just positioned himself at an angle where there was cover, it’s not like the machine moved about from its firing position.
All these people were so fucking soft. How can you get to be such an asshole and not get a tiny bit of street-smarts?
Hector enjoyed the panic, but he had a goal in mind other than trashing Nicomedes’ party.
An owner was holding a Pinup waitress as a human shield, while she shrieked at the top of her lungs. Her face had gone red from the effort, as well as her neck and the top of her exposed breasts. Hector kicked the man away and grabbed the topless Pinup, covering her with his own body and carrying her away from the line of fire.
Glass shards flew everywhere.
A couple of stray ball bearings struck him on the back of the leg. He knew it’d hurt afterwards, but he was fine for now.
“Stay down,” he told her and she whimpered, her mascara ruined. But safe.
Hector ran down the stairs and got to Nicomedes’ office. He waited for a few endless seconds, completely exposed in the corridor while waiting for Tony to hack the door open. It finally clicked, the automated servos rolling the security pins away. He got inside, didn’t turn on the lights. The glow from the street was enough to see in there. He fumbled with the flash drive and plugged it in. “It’s in.”
“Niiice,” Tony said over the phone. “Oh, man, he has nudes of the entire team! I’ll be such a boss if I share these- Ow! Ow! Okay, Patty, calm down. Typing here. Ow! Need my fingers. Hacker here, need my fingers. You’re crushing my livelihood. Thank you.”
Hector looked out the door. People ran down towards the exit, so he pushed it open just a centimetre. George’s heavy steps went past the door and up the stairs. He sighed in relief. He hadn’t noticed him.
“Tony, are we done?”
“A minute.”
“I don’t have a minute.”
“A minute!” He could hear him typing frantically.
Hector put his eye in the gap and peeked out the corridor. A mess, a bloody mess. He couldn’t help but enjoy trashing Nicomedes’ party. But that was for later, he needed to get out first. George may be a buddy, but he was a professional and he didn’t want to get on the receiving end of the 30.4 centimetres of bicep circumference he knew for a fact the man had.
“Done!”
Hector grabbed the Trojan and peeked through the door. There were people down the hall, but he could fake it. With a swift turn he was out the corridor and walking away as if it was the most natural thing in the world.
“Oh, fuck. This is bad,” Tony said over the phone.
“What?” Hector whispered.
“It’s not a limited-time contract. Nicomedes has got their paramone, permanently.”
“Hephaistos’ balls, man! Fuck. What now?”
Silence for a second.
“Now, you have to get the owner hashes from Nicomedes himself.”














DROP SIXTY-TWO


Hector crossed the street and got back inside his truck. He gripped the steering wheel and turned the ignition on. It was one of the old ones that needed you to press a button. He liked retro stuff like that.
“Are we leaving?” Patty said flatly.
“Yes,” he said, not looking back.
Tony stayed out of this argument, sitting quietly in the passenger side.
“Okay,” she said in the same flat tone. He could feel her eyes boring into his back.
He sighed, then pressed the button again and the engine turned off.
He hit his forehead on the steering wheel, attenuating each syllable. “What the fuck do you expect me to do?”
“Nothing.”
“This isn’t my world. I’m not a part of these fucking people with their business smiles and their disgusting vices. I’m just a guy who likes to make armour. I didn’t ask to get your paramone, it just fell on my lap. I told you from day one that I’ve got no clue about all this cyberpink shit.”
“I know.”
The guests left the party. It was ruined, after all. Hector saw them scurrying away like rats leaving a sinking ship. Rats dressed in expensive clothes, half-drunk, half-high, with female comfort assigned to get their minds off tonight’s mess.
“It’s all mired in shit, everywhere I look. This entire business. I can’t even sit down anywhere, every chair feels sticky, that’s how filthy this entire thing is. I’m just a guy. I can’t save every damn girl in the world.”
“Nobody asked you to,” Patty said, her voice breaking.
Hector raised his head up, and saw that annoying blinking neon sign again. It grated at his soul.
“My fucking back hurts, I got bruises all over, and that’s not counting the fresh ones, I suddenly have to share my fucking house with a stranger, and here I am, rolling in shit for yet another stranger! What the hell is wrong with me? Why am I here?”
Patty said nothing.
Hector turned back in his seat.
She looked away, out the window. She touched her face and kept it hidden.
“Tell me.”
“Tell you what, Hector?”
“Tell me what you want from me.”
“Nothing.”
Hector squeezed the steering wheel, feeling furious. This was just like an argument with his ex. So. Damn. Infuriating. Just say what’s on your mind, for fuck’s sake!
He panted for a couple of minutes, calming himself down.
“Look, I’m just a guy. Yes, I wanna help. I’m pretty sure I saved Cherry’s life just now, with Tony’s hack, of course. So we’ve done our good deed for the day. Yay. Now can we go home?”
“Of course,” Patty sniffled.
“Oh for fuck’s-” Hector stopped himself and his knuckles went white. “There’s a dead girl in there. Dead. How are they getting away with this?”
“Nicomedes will claim it was a training accident. Nobody will say otherwise,” Patty said.
“Well, fuck that! I will.”
“As much as it pains me to say it, there’s nothing you can do for that particular girl anymore,” Patty said bitterly.
Hector fumed and watched the disgusting owners going away with their sports cars. “Just save one,” he mumbled.
“Um, Hector?” Tony said, hesitating.
“What?” he snapped at him.
“During the hack I saw Nicomedes’ finances. He went all out on this party, and he wasn’t rolling in it to begin with. Sure, he was rolling in pussy, but not in cash.”
Hector turned to him and stared, eyes wide. “Tony, you sick fuck, for the first time in your life, your filthy mouth has uttered something useful.”
The hacker shrugged. “Ugh… Thanks? I guess? Does that mean you’ll you call me Violator now?”
Hector shook his head. “Never.”














DROP SIXTY-THREE


Upstairs, the mess had died down. George had shot the shit out of the machine of death that spat out ball-bearings, and he was now politely ushering owners out.
Nicomedes stood in the mess of it all with his ridiculous pimp-suit.
“Did you do this?” he hissed at Hector, pointing at the destroyed machine behind him.
Hector acted shocked. “Me? I can’t even change my alarm clock’s music.”
Nicomedes looked like a dog that just needed something to bite on. Hard. “I’ll find out who, and I’ll rip their dicks off with my bare hands!”
“That’s, a) very disgusting, and b) very gay of you.” Hector tried to keep his expression flat.
George snickered at that but he choked it down in an instant, and he carried on with his duties.
“Shut the fuck up,” Nicomedes spat and kicked the remains of a table away.
Mamacita loitered around, teasing the owners, having four of them following her around by an invisible leash. Hector could tell that she was keeping her head cool, distracting them from the mess and salvaging the remainder of the evening.
Hector picked up the bottom of a broken glass. He let the silence wash the place away, and then said, “I bet you lost a lot of money tonight.”
Nicomedes’ stare could bore holes in concrete. Like the ones from the ball bearings all around them.
Hector just wanted to sock him in the face again. He thought about what just happened minutes ago, and steeled himself.
He turned his gaze at the dead girl on the training floor. He wanted to do anything else, be anywhere else. He gulped and forced himself to look. Her pretty arms and legs splayed on the training mat, naked in a pool of her own blood. Her skull caved in for entertainment. He pulled his owner’s app:


Name			Ella Beinopoulos
Alias		Bella
Strength		1
Speed		1
Strategy		1
Sexiness		2
Cup Size		B
Augmentations	1%
Team			Pinup Girls (Trial Period)
Position		Qwik
Wins			0
Losses		2
Income		1500
Sponsorships	None

She was cheap. That’s what the Fates had decided for her. Hector could follow the corporate thought processes that had placed this poor girl in this place, ending up dead on the floor, with nobody bothering to even deal with her body.
Hector grabbed a fallen tablecloth from the ruined buffet and covered her up.
Giving her a moment of silence, he prayed to Hephaistos.
Then he went for the fucker responsible.
Nicomedes was on the phone, trying to sort out the mess. Mamacita had escorted her gentlemen out and was orbiting around them. Hector could only notice her attention because he was looking for it.
“Get off the phone, unless you’re calling the police and reporting this in.”
Nicomedes covered the mic. “What the hell are you talking about? Are you nuts?” he whispered in anger.
“I can speak louder, if you can’t hear me. There is a dead girl-”
Nicomedes hung up and stopped him. “Stop. What do you want? Get out of here, party’s over.”
“Oh, I can see that. My point exactly. I bet you had plenty of contracts lined up for tonight. Sponsorships, private dates with your girls, all that jazz.”
“Indeed.”
“So you must be strapped for cash, since you need to reschedule and salvage each and every one of the deals in the following days. This place can’t be cheap to maintain,” Hector said, looking around the joint.
“Came to rub it in?”
“On the contrary. I have 5k in cash right now. I want the paramone contracts for three of your girls. You need money. Seems like a deal to me. Or, I go straight to the police and contradict everything you fuckers claimed happened here tonight.” Hector said his piece and went silent. Silence was the best negotiating tactic.
Nicomedes showed his teeth. They were sickly white, nothing natural about them. He then grunted and fumbled with his pockets. “I dunno… Three? For a measly 5k? Nah… You get one. An ugly one.” He turned to one of his men. “Hey, bring Kitty over here, right now. We’ve got an interested owner.” The man complied instantly and headed towards the gynaeconitis.
“No, I want Cherry.”
Nicomedes grinned. “Well, tough luck. You’re not getting her.”
Mamacita approached and touched the man’s arm, pressing her breasts on his elbow. She drolled, “Nico, dear, I couldn’t help but overhead. You know I can’t stand her. Cherry’s so annoying, and her breasts are severely lacking.” She traced the curve of her own breast with her prosthetic finger.
Nicomedes looked down at her bosom, mesmerised.
She pressed on. “Why cover the inevitable cost of plastic surgery anyway? I’m not staying if she stays. Kick her out,” she scoffed, pulling away like a princess.
Nicomedes looked like someone had taken away his action figure. “Urgh. Fine, you can have her. Five grand, right now.”
Hector looked at Mamacita. She winked at him. He shook the man’s hand. “Deal.”
Nicomedes grinned. “Pleasure doing business with you, Hector.” He didn’t mean it.














DROP SIXTY-FOUR


Tony came over, carrying his soft drinks and a laptop.
“I knew you wouldn’t have any proper drinks in the house so I brought my own,” he apologised to Patty who opened the door for him.
She shrugged. “Come on in, set up on the table.”
“This is gonna be monumental!” Tony said, excited. He downed a soft drink in one go and burped.
Hector leaned back on his chair. “Why? We’re just signing a blockchain contract.”
“Are you kidding me? My buddy, my personal friend, suddenly ending up with not one, but two Cyberpink girls? That-is-awesome!” he squealed, fists held high.
Patty pushed him on the chair. It was just a poke, but he sat right away. “Tony, let’s get this over with. The faster Cherry can be rid of that disgusting bastard, the better.”
“Right, Patty Roo, got it.” He chuckled. “Ha! Me and Patty Roo on a first name basis? Who would’a thunk it?”
“Tony!”
“Okay!” Tony cracked his fingers. “Hector, give me the ownership hash, if you please…”
Hector did so. This was indeed quite important, despite his attempts to play it cool. He drank some ouzo and waited, tapping his foot.
“Right… Contract sent, let’s wait for confirmations. Two, five, eleven confirmations. Escrow activated, your money goes poof. All done!” the pudgy hacker said, clapping his hands once.
Patty visibly exhaled and sagged on the sofa. It was positioned facing away, so she couldn’t be seen from their angle. Armadillo ran up to her and claimed his place on the sofa as well.
“That’s it?” Hector asked.
“That’s it. You are now the proud owner of not one, but two Cyberpink athletes. Fucking whoa, man! High-five!”
Hector shook his head, but then said, “What the hell,” and high-fived, pushing back a grin.
“There’s one last thing, though.” Tony flattened his lips.
Hector leaned forward. “I don’t like this. What is it?”
Tony spun the laptop towards him. “You gotta name your team!”
Hector shook his head. “I don’t have a team.”
“Doesn’t matter, the system requires a team name with ownership of two or more athletes. Doesn’t have to be an actual team on the roster and everything. Just name the team. Come on. This is big. Name the team.” He rubbed his hands together, his eyes glinting.
Hector leaned back again and drank more ouzo. A team. A name. He hadn’t thought of that. Patty Roo, Cherry. He could just name them HPP and be done with it. But even he could see that the Cyberpink tournament was all about pizazz. Marketing. He needed something catchy.
He scratched his chin. He needed a shave.
“Can I change Patty’s name too?”
She perked up at that, head popping into view. “My name? Why?”
Tony pfted. “Sure. You’re the owner, you can do anything.”
Hector held up the ouzo and pointed with the same index finger. “Okay, let’s try this: Rename Patty Roo to Pickle…”
“Pickle? Why would you name me that?”
“’Cause you’re sour and an acquired taste. But I like you.”
She scoffed at that, mouth open.
He turned back to Tony, “And name my team the Pies. That way, she’ll be known as Pickle Pie.” Hector presented the imaginary letters in the air with his hands.
“Pies?” Patty spat out, climbing atop the sofa. “Pies?” Armadillo jumped next to her, looking around to see what all the fuss was about.
“Yeah,” Hector shrugged and took another swig of ouzo. “That way we can attract food sponsors.”
Patty looked like she was gonna blow a gasket. And in her case, that might literally happen, cyborg girl that she was. Her face went through a few expressions, settling on a wincing display of her teeth. She squealed, spitting out every syllable, “That’s… the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard!”

End of Book 1


This is the end of Book 1. Hector and the girls will carry on in the next part of the Cyberpink series.
Join the Mythographers to get an email when they’re available:
https://mythographystudios.com/join
