Playing Favorites
Book One
Nicole Daniel
Playing Favorites
Daniel, Nicole

Published at Smashwords.com
Copyright 2015

First edition

Cover design by Heather Owens and Whitney Bower

(License notes) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author / publisher.
About The Author
I'm from a small town in Arkansas and now live in a slightly bigger town. The biggest in the state. So, there's that.
I am currently a buyer and stylist for a women's boutique that is owned by my best friend. I've been married for ten years and I'm only 30. So, you do the math.
I have two amazing kids. A seven year old daughter and a three year old son. Both of which I hope never read this book along with my mom. She will be very upset with my choice of words and racy scenes.
Writing has always been a passion of mine but I've never really put my "pen to a pad". This is my first book and I honestly wrote every single word on my phone in my "notes" app. It won't be perfect and I actually welcome the flaws. This is as real as it gets.
I wrote this book everywhere and anywhere. Carpool, the gym while I was stretching, in the Starbucks drive through, on road trips. You get the point.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy.
Playing Favorites
Book One
BY: PARKER DANIEL

dedicated to my book club
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank my "book club". You girls know who you are. You are the ones that I let read every chapter as soon as I finished. Thank you so much for pushing me to keep writing. You are the reason this book even exists because without you girls breathing down my neck to get chapter s done, I might not ever have finished. I loved all the constructive criticism and the blatant criticism as well.Thank you for making fun of my choice of words when necessary and persuading me to make the needed changes when something sounded just a little too dorky. I love you girls!!! This book is for you!!!
Thank you to my husband who put up with all my late night writing. I know the glow of my phone annoyed him when he was trying to sleep. Also, thank you for understanding that this is a work of fiction and none of these characters exist.
Mom, thank you for not reading this book. I am not sure I could stand the idea of you reading Chapter 20 for the first time. Believe me, you don't want to.
Contents
About the Author
Dedication
Acknowledgements
Introduction
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Playing Favorites
Introduction
Hi. My name is Stella and I am a professional escort.

I know what you are thinking.

Slut. Whore. Prostitute.

Believe me. I would have thought all those things four years ago too. And I did. But, growing up poor gave me the drive to make something out of my life. New York was a hard place to survive. Let's just say I did what I had to do.I’m a pretty girl (that's what I'm told) and my looks made me money. And money gave me power. And power, well, that gave me everything.
…or so I thought.
Chapter One.
"Stella, can you go get me a cappuccino. Dry. Two Splenda. Thanks, doll. "
She worded it like a question but she wasn't asking.
"Yes, ma'am. Anything else?" I was rolling my eyes. She always made me go get her coffee at the weirdest times.
"No, doll."
Again, eye roll. Doll? I hated that.
I picked up my purse from under my desk, grabbed my coat and headed for Starbucks. I reached for my phone to see if Carson wanted to go with me. It was across the street, but still. With every step towards the elevator I was cursing myself for wearing these shoes. But damn they were cute.
I was in mid text when I ran right into the wall. And by wall, I mean a rock solid chest.
That one time in seventh grade flashed through my mind.
The impact sent my phone flying across the floor.
Shit.
I hurried to retrieve it and I was met with a pair of pissed off crystal blue eyes.
Double shit.
And there he was. Warner Jones. Fucking owner of this damn building and the hottest human I've ever seen. He was like an urban legend. People talked about him all the time but I hardly ever saw him. And I definitely have never been this close.
I was officially embarrassed.My brain began functioning once again and I found my words, finally.
Ta, ta, today junior.
"Mr. Jones. I'm so sorry." I couldn't even look at him.
"I'm so clumsy. Are you ok?"My voice sounded weak. Not like myself at all.
I managed to look up.
Wow.
He had a smirk on his face that only an arrogant asshole could make look so damn sexy.
"Of course. Why wouldn't I be?" He straightened his tie and I heard the elevator door ding.
Thank God!
I practically dove in. I imagined myself tackling everyone in my way. I needed out of here.
And then, arrogant asshole got in behind me.
"Stella... Hold the doors." Carson ran up just in time and his hand shot thru the closing elevator. When it opened back up, he calmly walked in pushing his hair out of his face.
"Thanks for holding the doors, babe. So sweet." He rolled his eyes and I punched him.
"You gave me a two second warning. Shit. What did you expect?"
"For you to hold the doors open."
I started laughing at his pouty face. He was adorable.
"Whatever. I'll buy your latte to make up for it."
I heard someone clear his throat in the corner and noticed Warner staring at me.
Weird.
I guess I really pissed him off.
Carson threw his arm around me and kissed me on the cheek.
"I've missed you today. I hate when we can't eat lunch together."
"Me too, boo. But Victoria has me running around like a crazy person. I didn't even have time to eat lunch today." I gave him my best sad face.
"Lucky you. You'll be a size two in no time."
"Don't be a dick!!" I bumped him with my hip.
"Plus, if I lost weight, you wouldn't have anything to hold on to." I gave him a flirty wink and shook my ass.
"Oh, I have plenty to hold on to." He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me against his chest.
We both started laughing.
Warner, not so much. He said something under his breath and looked at his watch. And then he stared at me the rest of the way down.
I was...uncomfortable.
This elevator ride was the longest in history. I swear we stopped on every floor.
The doors finally opened to the lobby. It was like being released from prison. I took Carson by the arm and walked us toward Starbucks.
I looked over my shoulder and caught Warner glaring at us. This guy was starting to piss me off. What was his problem? I made eye contact and blew him a kiss. I don't know what made me do it, but his reaction was priceless.
You're welcome, asshole.
The day seemed to drag on. Victoria left early and left me with a pile of shit to do. But it didn't take me long to finish it and I was packing up my stuff before five.
I took out my phone and texted Carson.
ME: drinks?
CARSON: Duh. Where?
ME: Really? You know where. See ya in 15.
I wrapped my scarf around my neck and threw on my beanie. New York was so cold in February. It was still so hard to get used to even after living here for 6 years.
Damn it. I waited outside for a minute. To walk or not to walk?It was only seven blocks but it was cold as shit out here.
Ah, screw it. I'll cab it.
I went to lift my hand to hail a taxi when someone pushed it down.
"I'll take you." A low, husky voice whispered in my ear.
A shiver ran down my spine.
He stepped around me.
"I'll take you." He repeated more sternly.
Oh. Warner Douche Bag Jones.
No fucking way.
"No thanks. I can just take a cab."
I held my hand back up.
"Why are you being so stubborn? I have a car and it's freezing. You will never get a cab at this hour."
He was right. Damn him. Smart and good looking.
"Then I'll walk."
I took off toward the bar. My feet were cursing me. I wanted to cut them off at the ankle. But, the hell if I was getting in his car.
"Damn it. What is wrong with you?" He placed his hand on my shoulder. "You can't walk. Not by yourself."
"Ummm. Yes I can. I do it all the time. I'm 24 and more than capable of walking a few blocks to meet my friend. So, if you will excuse me I would like to get going. I'm already late." I yanked my shoulder out of his grasp and began jogging until I felt I was far enough away. When I turned back he was gone.
Thank God.
I clutched my bag to my chest and walked the seven blocks in the blistering cold. Now, I was cursing him for making me walk. What a jerk. And who does he think he is?
Carson was sitting at the bar all adorable and lonely. I just stared at him for a second.
He was so handsome. He had on a black suit that was tailored to fit his body perfect or should I say perfect body. His tie was loosened and the top few buttons of his white button up were undone. His brown hair was longer on top and was styled in sort of a faux hawk.
Gorgeous.
He was so dreamy. I keep hoping some day he will decide to date girls. But, I’m pretty sure he will never bat for the other team. So, he will just have to be one of my best friends.I loved him so much because he was easy to talk to and to flirt with. Two of my favorite things to do.
"Hey good looking. Is this seat taken?" I ran a finger down his spine as I slowly walked by.
"Actually it is. It's taken by a hot girl I’m hoping to bag later." He gave me a wink and took a sip of his vodka.
"Ha!! In my dreams, pretty boy."
"Oh. You think I'm pretty?"
"Fucking beautiful." I leaned in and kissed him on the cheek.
"And, who says ‘bag’?"
I planted one more firm kiss on his other cheek and took my seat.
"Can my girl get a skinny margarita? She’s trying to fit in a size two."
He gave the bartender a smile and put his arm around me.
I elbowed him in the side.
"Wow. Keep saying things like that and you for sure are getting bagged."
"One can only hope." He gave me that dashing smile of his. He is such a tease.
"So, tell me about the rest of your day? Is Victoria still a bitch?"
"Not her usual bitchy self lately.She must be getting laid. Which is a relief. Nothing much happened.She left early and I got my shit done and here we are." I lifted my drink and clanked his.
Mmmmm. This is exactly what I needed.
"And then, when I was on my way here, Warner Jones tried to give me a ride. It was the weirdest thing." I shook my head and looked at Carson over my glass.
"Warner Jones? Tried to give you a ride?"
"Yes. Are you just going to start repeating everything I'm saying? Do I need to talk slower? "
"Don't be a bitch. I'm just trying to process it. Why in the world would you say no?"
"Who said I said no?" I was trying to act offended.
"I did, because I know you. And there is no way you were taking a ride from him. You’re too, what's the word? Too much of a grandma."
I nearly spit out my drink.
If he only knew what I did at night.
"Grandma? You have no idea what the fuck you are talking about. I said no because he's an arrogant asshole and he was trying to tell me what to do. In case you forgot, no one tells me what to do." I was poking my finger into his chest to drive my point home.
"Yeah, yeah. Blah, blah, blah. You're an independent woman. You make your own money, pay your own rent. Oh wait. No you don't. Luke does that." He started laughing.
"That's a technicality. Luke asked me to live with him. It's not my fault he won't let me pay rent. Plus, he's my best friend and loves taking care of me. And shit, he's a lot nicer than you."
He held his hands to his chest.
"You're saying I'm not your best friend? Ouch, Stella. That hurts. It really hurts."
I rolled my eyes and took another drink.
"You're my second favorite." I shrugged my shoulders and kissed his cheek.
"Plus, Luke thinks I'm hot and you think Luke's hotter than me. So he wins."
"Hey. I think you're hot. In like a little sister sort of way."
"Ewwww. Gross. Don't ever say that out loud. You sound incestuous. "
"Big word."
"You need a definition?"
He let out a laugh. He was beautiful when he laughed.
"Stella, don't talk to Warner anymore. He's not a good guy. As long as I've worked for him I've never seen him in a serious relationship." He cupped my chin and looked me in the eye.
Wow. Shit just got real.
"Not good enough for you."He repeated.
"You mean, not good enough for your sister?" I gave him a wink and continued, "Carson, I didn't even talk to him. He was such a dick earlier today. He acted like I ran into him on purpose. It was me who dropped my phone and he was glaring at me the entire elevator ride. He's a douche. Plus, he would never be interested in this."
I waved my hands up and down.
"I'm a size four, remember?" I smacked his forehead with my palm. He caught it in mid air.
"Hey, he's a guy with eyes and he has a dick. He would definitely be interested."
I stopped him.
"You're a guy with eyes and a dick. And I've been trying to bag you for a year."
He laughed and nearly lost his drink.
"That's so different and you know it. Stella, you have no idea how beautiful you are. Which makes you even more beautiful. Don't think for one second he wouldn't be interested. Every guy in the bar is pissed because they think that I'm here with you." He kissed the back of my hand and squeezed it tight.
"Even if you are a size 4."
I smacked him. Hard. On the chest. I couldn't help but laugh.
"Let's get out of here. I'm exhausted." I grabbed my stuff and we called it a night.
Luke was watching a movie when I got home.
"Whatcha watching, Lukey?" I threw my bag down and hung my coat on the rack.
"World War Z and it is amazing."
"Awesome. Let me put my sweats on and I'll join you. How far into it are you?"
"I'll start it over. I'm only 30 minutes in and you sort of need to watch it from the beginning."
He threw the blanket off and reached for the remote. His bare chest made me a little weak in the knees. I loved it when he walked around shirtless with his low-slung baggy sweats. He was my man candy. I know he did it on purpose and enjoyed torturing me. And I never tried to hide my attraction towards him. I gave him a wicked grin and shook my head.
"Damn you're sexy! Why can't you be my boyfriend?"I cocked my head to the side and laughed.
"When did we break up?" His voice was full of sarcasm.
I walked over and gave him a hug.
"You would really start the movie over?"
"Of course. It will be much better to watch with you cuddled next to me."
Oh. He's perfect.
"Ok. I'll be quick."
"That's what she said." That was his favorite line.
I rolled my eyes.
"Will that ever get old?" I nudged him in the arm and ran to my room.
"And don't forget the beer." I yelled as my bedroom door closed.
I yanked up my favorite pair of NYU sweats and pulled on my softest tank. I piled my hair on top of my head in a messy bun and quickly washed my face.
When I walked into the living room, Luke was laying on the couch on his side. He peeled the blanket back and patted the empty space. I laid in front of him with my back against his chest. He covered both up and pressed play.
This was my favorite place.
Chapter Two.
There is just something about a $700 pair of shoes to brighten my day. It was finally Friday and I had the week from hell.I stared long and hard at the mirror. Turning to the side and then back to the front. They were perfect.
"I'll take them." I smiled at the sales lady in the mirror.
"I'm going to keep looking around if you don't mind holding on to them for me." I stepped out of the shoes and placed them back in the box and handed them over to, I glanced at her name tag, Vivian.
"Thank you Vivian."
"Thank you Miss McDaniel."
"Please, call me Stella."
I walked over to the handbags. I needed a new clutch for tonight. I was entertaining a huge client and I needed to look my best.
"What do you think about this one?" I held up a black clutch with pyramid studs.
"Ahem. Luke, did you hear me? This is why I should always shop with Carson. " He glanced up.
"Do you like this one?"
He took a look and continued staring at his phone.
"No. Too rocker chick. I think you should be more of a classic beauty tonight."
"Wow. Have you been reading my Vogues while I'm at work?"
His look said it all. He has.
"You're adorable. You know that."
I walked over and kissed him on the cheek.
Luke was my best friend. Has been since our freshman year in college. He persuaded me to tutor him; more like begged me, until I said yes. And I did. All four years. He was persistent and we've been best friends ever since.
"So. What should I expect tonight? He better be good looking. The last guy you approved was far from cute. He was borderline gross. And you know it."
"He was not. You are just so picky."
"Picky? I wouldn't call myself picky. I just have high standards. I'm your best girl and we have a deal. Or did you forget?" I raised an eyebrow and crossed my arms waiting for him to answer.
He stood and walked up behind me. He wrapped his hands around my waist.
"You know you're the best. And by far my favorite. I will always take care of you. And don't forget that I buy your shit. Not Carson."
I smiled. I always loved being held by Luke. He towered over me. Which was hard to do considering I was 5'9". He was easily 6'3". All lean muscle. He had tattoos covering both arms and across his chest and back. He was damn sexy. But he was my best friend and business partner. I would never mix business with pleasure. Never.
"Then please tell me this guy tonight is cute."
He turned me around to face him.
"He should live up to your expectations." He brushed my hair out of my face and placed a quick kiss on my cheek.
We finished shopping and went back to our apartment so I could get ready. I had a date. Aka, I had a job tonight.
When Luke approached me about doing this sort of work four years ago, I was shocked and pissed. Did I look like a whore? But after he explained that his dad has owned the "business" for 20 years, I listened to his proposal. No sex. That was the number one rule and definitely my favorite. No touching. Also a good one. Handholding was acceptable but only if I felt comfortable. My job was to be arm candy. Nothing more. Go to dinners, galas, fashion shows, and parties. It didn't sound so bad after he laid it out. Luke always bought my date outfits and I got paid. A lot of money. More money than any college student should be making. But I needed it. My mom worked two jobs my whole life to keep us with our basic needs. I studied hard and got a scholarship. This job helped me pay the bills and then some.
But now, I have an amazing day job where I make great money. However, going on a few "dates" can easily rake in a months worth of salary. So I take jobs here and there but only the ones that pay at least five grand or more.
Luke screens everyone first and only gives me the best of the best. Which is so nice because when I first started there were definitely some douche bags that didn't follow all the rules.
I threw my bags on my bed. I glanced at my phone. I had about an hour and a half to get ready. I walked into my bathroom and turned on the water and let it fill the tub. I grabbed my shampoo and conditioner, body wash, razor and shaving cream. I snagged my book and sank slowly into the scalding water.
Ahhh. It felt so good.
After reading a couple of chapter s and my fingers were officially pruned, I pulled the plug and sadly got out. My auburn hair fell just past my shoulders. I quickly dried it. I walked in my closet to pick out a wig. This was my favorite part. I loved getting into character.I always wore one. I never wanted anyone to know who I was.
I picked out my favorite wig and secured it in place. The color was just a little darker brown, cut to shoulder length and had bangs. It made me feel sexy. I kept my makeup natural, piled on the mascara and added a red stain to my lips.
My dress was simple but beautiful. It was black, of course, with a plunging deep V. It was fitted and hugged my body all the way down to my mid calf. I stepped into my new shoes and took one more glance in the mirror.
I guess this will do.
I grabbed my "classy" clutch and walked into the living room.
"Wait! I have to play the song when you come out." Luke grabbed his phone.
"Really? Do we have to do this every time?" The answer was always the same.
"Absolutely. It's tradition. Now go."
Rolling my eyes, I went back into my room.
"Ready?"
"Yeah." He pushed play and I could hear Reba McEntire’s voice echoing through the hallway. It made me laugh every time.
"Here's your one chance Fancy don't let me down."
The song couldn't be more appropriate and Luke played it every single time I had a date.
I walked out and did a little strut and a twirl seeking his approval.
"Well, hello gorgeous. You look fucking fantastic. This guy won't know what hit him. I love it when you have bangs." Luke pulled me into his lap.
"And you smell so good," he said as he inhaled deeply.
He grabbed my face between his hands.His smile quickly faded.
"Don't let him touch you, ok?"
I nodded.
"Promise me, Stella."
"I promise."
He nuzzled his nose into my neck and goose bumps ran down my arm. I was giggling when there was a knock at the door.
Damn it.
Travis was propped up against the wall across from our door.
"Hey Travis. Want to come in for a sec. Let me just a do a few touch ups."
He walked in and gave Luke a "guy hug" complete with a handshake and there may have been a chest bump involved.
Travis was the same age as Luke and I, I think. Actually, I’m not even sure how old he is.
That’s so rude of me.
He is Luke's father's personal driver and always accompanies me on my dates. Serving as both a driver and a bodyguard. Travis was huge. He must be at least 6'4" and easily 220lbs. He trains in mixed martial arts and is an all around badass. I always feel safe with him around.
"Ok that should do it. Travis are you ready?" I dropped my gloss in my clutch and walked towards him.
"Always. Wow. Stella, you look hot. That dress is the shit." He gave me a wink and offered his arm. I gave Luke a kiss on the cheek and headed out.
Luke was actually right this time. Mark was cute. Actually gorgeous. We were attending a gallery opening where he was hoping to score some paintings for his new apartment. I was posing as his new girlfriend that just a moved here from Boston. I teach yoga and my name for the evening is Samantha. But I go by Sam.
We wondered through the gallery arm and arm viewing all the art work. Some pieces were extraordinary. Mark was so sweet, asking my opinion and what I thought of the pieces he was looking to buy.
He left me at the bar while he discussed his new purchases with the gallery owner. I watched him as he negotiated his deal. He wore a Tom Ford navy suit. My favorite. It was tailored to his exact measurements. I loved the way his pants fit his rear end. You could catch a glimpse of it every time he put his hands in his pockets. Which was not often enough.His crisp white shirt was unbuttoned and gave him a powerful but relaxed look. He looked approachable but confident. A great combination. This date was actually fun. He was charming and had a great personality. It made me wonder why he would have to pay a woman to be by his side. Surely this man could get his own dates? But, I wasn't allowed to ask, so I didn't.
I rested my elbows on the bar. Of course my feet were killing me and all the seats were taken. I could see Travis watching me from across the room. I wished at that moment we could talk. I hated being left alone.
"How much is he paying you?" A voice whispered in my ear.
I kept my eyes straight ahead not letting the douche bag have the satisfaction of seeing my face turn red.
"Excuse me?" I gazed at my glass and rocked the liquid back and forth. I took a slow drink waiting for a response.
"Mark. How much is he paying you? I've known him my whole life and I know you aren't here voluntarily."
Oh no he didn't.
I took a calming breath before turning slowly and meeting a pair of crystal blue eyes.
Aw shit.
Warner Jones.
I causally sat my left elbow on the bar and took my drink in my right hand. My eyes roamed over his body and took him in slowly. I wasn't trying to hide the fact that I was staring.
Damn he looked good.
"Not that it's any of your business, but Mark and I met a few weeks ago and have been dating ever since. But thank you for implying that I'm a whore."
I took one last drink and sat my empty glass on the bar. I signaled the bartender that I needed another one.
I turned my back to Warner. A million thoughts were swirling in my mind. Did he recognize me? Shit. I would die if he did. Was he always such a dick? And damn it was he always so sexy?
Get. It. Together.
He didn't take my hint and stood even closer to me, pressing himself against my back.
"I'm not calling you a whore. I know you won't sleep with him. Maybe I want to hire you?"
A chill ran down my spine. I'm not sure if it was rage or the fact that I was turned on. Maybe it was both.
"I'm not for hire. And if I was, you wouldn't be able to afford me."
He laughed. Out loud. He might as well have doubled over holding his stomach because he was laughing so hard.
"I'm happy you find me so amusing."
"I find you a lot of things. Amusing isn't one of them." His voice was low, barely a whisper.
Ugh. Where the fuck is Mark?
I was just about to walk off when a hand came around my waist and I was pulled into a warm body.
Mark. Thank God.
"Hey, babe. So sorry I left you here."
He kissed my cheek and I had the sudden urge to take him in both arms and have a serious make out session. With Warner being the only witness.
I smiled. It was genuine. I was really happy to see him.
"It's ok. You weren't gone that long." I cupped his cheek in my hand. He grabbed it and kissed it before interlocking our fingers together. This was a lot of touching but I was allowing it because I felt comfortable with Mark and I could feel the stare of a douche bag on my back.
Mark looked over my shoulder and gave a nod. I guess he does know Warner.
"I see you've met my brother."
I almost spit my drink out.
I glanced over my shoulder at a pissed off Warner.
Why is he always so upset?
"This guy is your brother?" I couldn't keep the disappointment out of my voice.
"Uh oh. Did he hit on you?" He ran his fingers down my arm.
"Hardly." I was looking straight into Warner's eyes. "He called me a whore."
I felt Mark's hand tense.
"Warner, what the fuck?"
He moved in between us. Warner kept looking at me unaffected by his brother’s anger.
Boo. Motherfucker. Quit looking at me.
"Well. I call it, like I see it." He lifted his glass to his lips and took a long sip.
Son of a bitch.
I wanted lunge at him and tackle him to the ground.
Think of that scene from Mean Girls in the cafeteria.
Instead, I calmly walked around Mark and slapped Warner across the face.
Wow, that felt good.
"Don't you ever talk about me like that you son of a bitch. You don't even know me."
I wasn't yelling but I was close. The slap caused people to stop and stare. I turned into a shocked Mark and placed both hands on each side of his face and met his lips to mine.
Rules shmules.
This was necessary. I gave him a slow, passionate kiss. No spark but it felt nice. He moaned into my mouth and I knew he was enjoying it.
I pushed back to look at him.
"You ready to get out of here?" I stared at him thru my lashes. He was trying to catch his breath.
Still got it.
"Absolutely. Dinner?"
"Please."
When we reached the door, I looked over my shoulder to catch a glimpse of Warner eyeing us.
I lifted my hand to my lips and blew him a kiss followed by the middle finger.
Too much? Probably. But he deserved it.
Chapter Three.
My phone started buzzing but I didn't want to look at it. I was just focused on getting out of the gallery. I have never been so humiliated or embarrassed in my entire life. My clutch would not stop vibrating so I stopped in mid stride to take out my phone.10 missed calls.
What the fuck?
As I was typing in my pass code, Luke's name flashed across my screen.
"Hey Luke. This isn't a good time. Let me call you back."
"Get the fuck home right now!" I held the phone out from my ear.
He was yelling. Loud.
"Luke. For fucks sake. You know exactly where I am and that I cannot come home right now." I glanced at my watch. "It's only 9:40 and my date lasts until midnight. Or did you forget?"
"Stella! I am not fucking kidding. I already told Travis to bring you home. Make something up. Tell Mark you’re sick. I don't give a fuck what you say. But come home. Now!"
"Luke. I have no idea what your problem is. But I am not coming home. I am having a great time. So, stop. Just stop."
I hung up the phone not realizing that Mark was staring at me and Travis was now standing right beside me.
I held up my hand, warning Travis not to talk.
"Travis, I don't care what he said. I am not going home. Mark and I are going to dinner. You can either drive us or we can take a cab."
Travis grabbed me by the elbow moving me away from Mark.
"Samantha, you know I can't leave you alone with a date. I can get fired."
Samantha. Right. I almost forgot.
"Then you can take us to dinner." My phone was going crazy but I ignored it.
"Travis? Are you taking us or not?" I was officially annoyed. Poor Travis was getting the brunt of my anger.
"Fine. I'll take you. But I'm going to get in trouble." He lowered his head and walked around to open the car door.
"No you won't. You work for me right now. And right now, I want you to take us to dinner."
It took the entire ride to the restaurant to calm down. Luke has never acted like that. I couldn't imagine why he would ask me to cut a date short.
Once we were seated at the restaurant, I started to relax.
"Mark, I am so sorry for all the drama. My roommate was acting like a crazy person. He has never yelled at me like that." I placed the napkin on my lap and arranged my silverware on the table. I loved this restaurant. It was small and quiet. And Italian food was my favorite.
"He? You live with a guy?" He sounded disappointed and didn’t try to hide it.
"Yeah. We have lived together for four years. He's my best friend. We went to college together and sort of ended up sharing a place."
I took a sip of my water and was hoping the waiter would hurry and take our drink order. I wanted to get drunk. That's how I liked to deal with my anger. And right now, I was angry.
"So, this roommate of yours...he's not your boyfriend?"
"Oh gosh no. We have never dated or anything like that."
"Anything like what?"
Wow. He's really nosy.
"Anything like, I don't know. You tell me? Just say it." I was all of a sudden annoyed with where this conversation was going. Did he really want to know if me and Luke sleep together?
"Ok. Do you guys fuck?"
Whoa. That was blunt. I guess he does.
I nearly choked on my water at his invasion of privacy. Why does it matter? Well, since I am in character, I think I'll punish him for being so inappropriate.
"Oh, all the time. But we pretty much just fuck when we are bored. It doesn't mean anything. Just something to do. Plus, he's extremely hot so it's not so bad."
Mark's face turned to stone and I just stared at him, daring him to ask me something else.
That was fun.
I continued.
"Was that the answer you wanted to hear?" I cocked my eyebrow up and he shook his head. "Since we are being so open. I have a question or two for you."
"Ok.Go for it." He leaned back against his chair and crossed his ankle over his knee.
Get comfortable.
I put my water down, rested my elbows on the table and tapped my pointer fingers together.
"So, I can't figure out why an attractive guy like yourself needs to pay for dates? I mean, in real life I would totally date someone like you. You seem nice, although you ask extremely inappropriate questions." I gave him a wry smile."You are really funny and easy to talk to. And have I mentioned, attractive?" A genuine smile spread across my face and I could see the corners of his mouth turn up just a little bit.
"You find me attractive?" He pursed his lips together as if thinking of something else to say.
"I pay for dates because I don't want to actually date. This way, you know at the end of the night that I'm not going to call. This protects me from having to deal with women trying to win my affection or my money. I don't want a relationship right now. However, I always have to go to public events and I don't want to seem like a loser and go by myself all the time. So, this is my solution. I pay a beautiful lady to pretend to date me and at the end of the night, we go our separate ways. It's a win, win. Don't you think?"
I had to agree.
"That makes complete sense. I guess I never really thought about it. But I also have never had so much fun pretending. You have been an awesome date. Actually, one of my favorites. "
We both sat there in silence. I ran my fingers down my water glass, all of a sudden feeling shy.
"I have never had this much fun either. I'm sad I didn't meet you under different circumstances. Something about you has me second guessing my views on relationships." He reached across the table and placed his hand on mine. His thumb gently rubbing the back of my hand. I tore my gaze from him as I felt my face redden.
This could not happen.
I was brought back to reality when I thought about Warner.
"So, Warner Jones is your brother? It's hard for me to believe you guys are related. He's a total dick!"
His laugh was contagious.
"He really is such a dick, isn't he?But, he's my little brother and I love him. Under that tough exterior is a nice guy."
"It must be buried deep! I've met him once before, and he was a huge bag of dicks then too." Shrugging my shoulders, I took a sip of my wine.
We fell into easy conversation. We talked about our favorite TV shows, what kind of movies we liked, our music choices and what we did for fun. We had so much in common. He even liked fashion. Which was so refreshing considering my job revolved around it.
"Fashion week is coming up. Would you want to accompany me to a few shows? I would pay you of course."
I winced at his words. I really do sound like a whore. It has never really bothered me until now.
"Mark, that's so sweet but I'm not sure we should. Plus, I always attend a few shows with my best guy friends."
"Why couldn't you go with me? I could just book you like I did tonight. What would be the difference?"
"Yeah. I'm pretty sure my boss won't allow it. He has a pretty tight ‘one date rule’, and I have never broken it before."
"Then why don't we go on a real date?"
"That's not possible."
"Why?"
"It's just not."
My phone vibrated on the table.
Luke.
I screened it. I was not in the mood.
"Will you just think about it?" Mark stretched his hand across the table and brushed my bangs out of my eyes.
"You truly are beautiful. I hope you know that. I have never seen anyone more beautiful."
Too bad this isn't my real hair. Would he still think I was beautiful without this wig?
Don't even go there. It's not an option.
I rested my cheek in his hand and smiled.
My phone vibrated again.
Damn it.
"Excuse me. I'm so sorry."
I snatched my phone off the table and turned my back to Mark.
"What the fuck?" I whisper yelled at Luke.
"I will not tell you again. Leave right now or else."
"Or else what? What Luke? Huh?" My rage was overflowing and it was taking everything I had to keep it under control. He was not my boss, ok, maybe he was, but nobody told me what to do. Nobody.
"Stella. I'm warning you."
"No Luke. You are not warning me. Now, fuck off!" I hung up on him and stuffed my phone as far into my clutch as possible. I didn't want him to interrupt my night anymore.
"Everything ok?"
"Yes. Just my crazy roommate. I guess he needs to get laid."
Mark's expression fell and I felt guilty for saying that.
"Sorry. I didn't mean that. It's just that he's never acted like this. He's really starting to piss me off." I sank into my seat.
The waiter cleared the table and handed Mark the check. He left cash and put his jacket on as he stood. He offered his hand and helped me out of my chair and into my coat.
Once we were out of the restaurant I was stopped dead in my tracks. Luke was propped up against the Tahoe. He had on his Adidas pants, a heavy down jacket and a beanie. His hair was peeking out and curling up at the ends. His arms were crossed and his face was set in a hard line.
He was pissed.
I quickened my stride so I could beat Mark to the car.
"Luke, calm down. What are you doing here?" I kept my voice low. I didn’t want Mark to hear me.
He reached for my hand and pulled me into his chest. He placed both his hands on my shoulders.
" I warned you. Get in the car. Now." His eyes were on fire. I clenched my fists at my sides.
"Ok. Just one second." I shrugged out of his grasp.
I walked towards Mark who was staring at Luke with wide eyes. Once I reached him, I wrapped my hands around his neck and stretched up on my tippy toes.
"I had a great time tonight, Mark. Thank you." I brushed my lips against his and decided to go for it. I kissed him. Running my fingers through his hair, I quickly deepened the kiss. He ran his hands down my back as he pulled me closer.
A firm grip wrapped around my upper arm and I was yanked from his hold.
"What the fuck, Stella! Get. In. The. Car!!!"
Shit. He used my real name.
Luke was pulling me to the car as Travis opened the door. He shoved me in and slammed the door. I scooted to the far side trying desperately to get away from him.
I was going to kick his ass when we got home.
We both sat in silence the entire ride home. My body was shaking from all the anger that was building. I just needed to get home and lock myself in my room. I would deal with Luke tomorrow.
Travis dropped us off at the door. Giving him a hug I thanked him for taking me to dinner and promised I would make it up to him. He kissed my cheek and apologized for Luke's actions. It wasn't his fault. Luke was being ridiculous.
As soon as we made it into the foyer of our apartment I started tearing off my wig. Kicking off my shoes, I yanked off my coat and dropped everything on the floor as I made my way to my room.
"You fucking touched him." It was barely above a whisper.
The sadness in his voice brought me to an abrupt stop. I slowly turned around and saw him standing there looking at the ground.
"Stella. You broke the rules. And then," he took a deep breath. "You kissed him." He ran a hand through his hair and stepped closer to me. My eyes started to burn while trying to hold back my tears.
Why am I so emotional? I must be about to start.
"I did that because I was mad at you for showing up and for yelling at me and for demanding that I come home. I am pissed at you right now. You had no right to do that. You knew where I was and who I was with. And Travis was there for fucks sake!" I was pulling the pins out of my hair and letting them fall to the floor.
"You kissed him in the gallery. Were you mad at me then too?"
"How did you know that?" I asked, confused.
"Travis saw you and texted me. He was worried about you."
"I'm a big girl. I can kiss whoever I want. And Mark was a perfect gentleman. I may try to find him and get to know him. As Stella. And have a real date. "
His lips formed a thin line and his face started to turn red.
"The fuck you will!" In two quick strides he was in my face.
My breath was lost and my stomach fluttered like it always did when he was this close. But I had to stand my ground. He was not going to push me around.
"You can't stop me! And you called me by my fucking name!! How could you?!"
With that I pushed him hard in the chest, turned and ran to my room. Locking the door, I sank to the ground and the dam broke. Tears streamed down my face in a steady flow.
Chapter Four.
As I sat on the floor, drowning in my own sorrow, I heard the front door slam. I guess Luke was going out. It was nearly midnight. Where could he be going?
Giving myself 10 more minutes of self-pity, I thought about what may have triggered Luke to act so crazy? Did he know Mark? Was he that upset I broke the "no touching" rule? The more I thought about it, the more pissed I got. And to top it all off, he used my real name. That was by far the worst thing he could have done. Now Mark could find me, which might not be so bad. But that also means douche bag Warner could find out and we work in the same building. Maybe Mark didn’t hear Luke.
Yeah. I was going to choose to believe that.
My tears were drying and I was finally ready to go to bed. I peeled myself off the floor and made my way to the bathroom.
Holy shit!
That was the worst reflection I have ever seen. My mascara was running all over my face and my lipstick stained the outer rims of my lips. Like way outside the line I designated with lip liner. I looked like the Joker.
I quickly washed my face and brushed my teeth. That felt so much better. Stripping off my dress, which I should have done first, I eased into my sleep shorts and tank. I grabbed a pair of slouchy socks and crawled into bed.
My goal for tomorrow, ignore Luke. Let's see if he likes the cold shoulder. I knew once I saw him, I would forgive him. So, seeing him was not an option.
*******
The sun was beating down on me through a crack in my curtains.
Damn it.
Slowly opening one eye, I tried to register what time it was. My vision isn't so good, so I needed both eyes.
It was 8:30. Ugh. Why was Luke up so early? The smell of coffee over came my senses and a smile spread across my face. Is that I'm-sorry-I-was-a-dick coffee? Let's just find out.
I padded my way down the hallway, yawning the whole way to kitchen.
I. Need. Coffee.
My joy quickly evaporated once I reached the kitchen.
What the fuck? That's not Luke. Unless he somehow magically turned into a leggy blond with fake tits.
"Ummm. Who are you?" That came out bitchy.
" I mean, what the fuck are you doing in my kitchen?" Nope still sounded bitchy.
"I'm Tiffany."
That was fitting.
"Where is Luke?"
"He's still in bed. We had a long night. If you know what I mean?" She gave me a wink and turned back to stirring her coffee.
I think I do know what you mean you dumb bitch. My first clue was you in my kitchen, naked. If only I could speak my mind.
"Fuck this." I didn't mean it to anyone in particular, but it came out.
I stormed straight to Luke's room.
The door slammed against the wall from the force I used to open it. He was lying on his stomach, one leg over a pillow with just his boxer briefs on.
Damn that ass.
I shook all the perverted thoughts out of my head and focused on the task at hand.
A verbal thrashing.
"Luke!!!"
Nothing.
"Luke!!! Wake the fuck up!"
He turned his head, blinking a few times trying to register what was going on. He mumbled into his pillow.
"Go away, Stella."
"I will not go away! What the hell is wrong with you? Why would you bring a girl here? You never do that." My anger was boiling over.
He turned to face me. His glorious abs taunting me.
"Why wouldn't I?I pay the rent, I can bring whoever I want here." He was now sitting on the edge of the bed with his head in his hands.
"You did this to get me back?Well, congratulations mother fucker. You win! All I did was kiss and you go and fuck the first slut who will drop her pants. Real classy!"
"I can sleep with whoever the fuck I want. You are not my mom and you are definitely not my girlfriend!"
"Thank God for that! Me and you."
I was gesturing with my hands. "We would never work. You wanna know why?" My hands were flying everywhere. "Because you're my fucking pimp. That's what you are. Nothing more than my pimp."
The word was out of my mouth before I could stop it. Luke hated that word "pimp". But he pushed me too far by parading that slut around in OUR apartment.
At my words, he stood and in a few quick steps we were eye to eye.
"No, Stella. That's where you are wrong. We would never work because you are nothing more than my whore!"
My hand flew to my mouth. I couldn't contain my gasp. If he would have punched me in the throat it would have hurt less.
There was no holding back my tears. And boy did they come. I couldn't stop them.
He reached for me.
"Stella, I'm--"
I backed away from him.
"Don't you fucking touch me." My voice was weak and filled with hate.
I ran from his room and locked myself in mine.
Quickly taking off my pajamas, I grabbed my gym clothes, threw my hair into a ponytail and found my headphones and keys. I needed to get out of here.
Whore. Is that what Luke really thought of me?
The coast seemed to be clear when I peeked through the opening of my bedroom door. No movement and no sound.That was my cue.
Sprinting towards the door, I tripped over the rug and fell into the living room.
Really? For fucks sake.
This day was a tragedy and it wasn’t even noon yet. Hell. It was only nine.
The door to Luke's room was opening so I scrambled to my feet and gracefully ran out of the apartment.
Made it.
Who knew that would have been such a daunting task?
Five miles and one ass-kicking workout later, I found myself at the Starbucks in front of my work. I had a seat by the window, which assisted in my people watching. The human race was so weird.
I sipped on my coffee and found myself Googling Mark and Warner Jones. The sexy gene definitely was passed down to both of them. Too bad the personality gene only managed to be passed down to Mark. Along with the sense of humor gene and the nice gene. But Warner sure was pretty to look at. As long as he didn't open his mouth.
During my thorough research of the "unattainable brothers" (Google's title not mine) I found out that Mark was 34 and Warner was 30.
That's a few years out of my range.
Mark and Warner both ran their father's investment firm and were worth, well, more than anyone should be worth. Warner ran the New York office and Mark the London office.
So that's why I never see him. I wonder what he's doing in town?
Why don't we just ask Mr. Google?
Turns out, Mark is in town for a few months to help his little bro clean up a few things around the office. Too much legal jargon for me. But, I'm almost positive something went wrong.
Who said I wasn't smart?
I clicked on images. Hot damn those boys were fine. Too hot for me and my size four ass. The only girls paired with them were 6-foot tall, skinny ass Brazilian models.
I looked down at my scone.
Well shit. I should've gotten the oatmeal.
Shoveling the scone into my mouth, I decided to take a break from my research and focus on the strange happenings right outside the window.
My eyes scanned the perimeter. They locked on two dashingly handsome men.
Oh shit.
Warner...and Mark.
I got hot all of a sudden thinking about Mark knowing my real name.
Please don't come over here. Please, please, please.
As they both strolled through the door I looked up to the ceiling.
What did I ever do to you?
I positioned myself to where my back was to them. Surely, Warner will not give me a second glance. In my oversized hoodie and running pants, I was certainly a far cry from a Brazilian model.
I pushed my headphones in and pressed play and let Beyonce take my cares away. If I can't see them, then they can't see me.
Right?
Wrong.
The tap on my shoulder nearly had me jump out of my chair.
"Shit!"
Most everyone in Starbucks turned to stare at me. Oops. I forgot my headphones were in so the volume of my voice must have been loud.
Taking out my ear bud, I took my sweet ass time to turn around.
"Warner. Didn't your mom teach you not to sneak up on people? Fuck." Both ear buds were officially out and I was officially pissed.
"Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?"
What an asshole.
"I abso-fucking-lutly do. Who do you think gave me this stellar vocabulary?"
His hand brushed my shoulder when he rested it on the back of my chair.
Was that a smile, Jones?
"Oh my gosh. Warner, is this your boyfriend? I had no idea you were gay?" I stuck my hand out to shake Mark's.
Warner's smile quickly faded as Mark let out a laugh.
"I already like this girl. Hi. I'm Mark. I'm his brother." We shook hands and he held my gaze.
Oh, I know. I didn't introduce myself on purpose.
"So, he's not gay? Wow. I owe Carson lunch."
Another laugh form Mark and a death stare from Warner.
This is fun.
"Oh Warner. Calm the fuck down. I’m only kidding. I know you’re a male whore. I've seen you around the building with those Brazilian models. Can't you take a joke?"
"Yeah. If they're funny."
Oh. Burn.
"Well, Mark thinks I'm funny." He nodded in agreement.
"Funny and pretty. That's a lethal combination." Mark was flirting with me.
"Thanks Mark. That's so sweet. Funny, maybe. Pretty?" I glanced down motioning towards my attire. "That might be a stretch." I gave him a smile and took a sip of my coffee.
"What are you boys doing today? Beside scaring the shit out of me?"
Warner answered.
"Searching the streets for Brazilian models. You?"
"Doing the same. Pull up a chair. Just a warning though. It's slim pickings this morning." I nodded out the window as two very large women strolled by.
"Shit Warner, I think I'm in love with this girl." Mark looked towards me. "If we didn't have a charity event to go to, I would love nothing more than to hang out with you."
"I can't even take that as a compliment, Mark. Because your only other choice is your brother." I cupped the side of my face, hiding my mouth from Warner. "And he seems like zero fun."
"You know I can hear you. I'm standing right here." Warner crossed his arms and furrowed his brow.
I shrugged my shoulders.
"Don't care."
I grabbed my phone and headphones and scooted my chair back.
"Well boys, that was fun and all. But, I've got to get going. Mark, it was so nice to meet you. Warner, well..."
With that I started towards the door.
A hand came down on my shoulder.
"Stella, stay away from Mark." I took his hand and removed it.
"Don't tell me what to do. Plus, I kind of don't want to." His face turned sterner, I had no idea that was possible. He wore a permanent scowl on his face.
"Then he will stay away from you."
Oh no. Not today. I was not in the mood to be pushed around.
I reached in my purse and found what I was looking for. Pushing my way past Warner, I walked back into Starbucks.
As I reached Mark, his face lit up. He was gorgeous.
"Hey. I want to give you this. It has my cell on it." I handed him my business card.
"Call me sometime."
He took a glance at the card as I turned to walk away. Warner was furious.
"Stella,"
Oh no. It sounded like a question.
I looked over my shoulder.
"Yeah?" Could he tell I was nervous?
"That's a beautiful name." His smile eased my nerves.
"Thank you."
I gave Warner a pat on the back as I walked by.
"Ps. You stay away from me."
He opened his mouth to say something but I put my headphones in and took off down the sidewalk.
That felt good and earned a smile. Who knew finding Mark would be so easy?
I came to a stop at an intersection suddenly realizing I didn't know where I was going. My legs were leading me towards my apartment but I wasn't ready to go back and face Luke yet. I glanced at my phone to check the time. I noticed 15 missed calls and even more texts. All from Luke.
Not right now.
Time was the only thing that could get me over this.
ME: Hey.
I texted Carson and waited for a response.
CARSON: Hey yourself. What's up?
ME: Fighting with Luke. Can we do lunch? I don't want to go back to my apartment.
CARSON: Is he being a dick? I want you to tell me all about it. Give me 45 minutes and I'll meet you. Where do you want to go?
ME: Just meet me at Barney's and we can go from there. I need a little retail therapy and I still have Luke's credit card. :)
CARSON: Oh. I like your style. Ok. I'll meet you there.
Chapter Five.
Shopping had never been so difficult. Nothing was fitting and everything looked stupid.
"Ugh! Why did I eat that scone?"
As if that one scone was to blame for these jeans not fitting.Staring at myself in the mirror, I furiously unzipped the jeans and kicked them off as dramatically as I could. I snatched them off the ground, wadded them up and then threw them back down with both hands. There. Showed them!
This blows.
"Stell, everything ok in there?"
Who the fuck is Stell?
"Carson, really? Stell? You have never called me that and don't start now."
"Whoa. You need some carbs in the worst way. And maybe a shot of vodka."
I flipped him off from the inside of the dressing room as my stomach growled. I rolled my eyes.
"I guess you’re right. Let's go eat and then come back. I'm buying something today, dammit."
Carson was perched on the bench outside the dressing room reading his emails.
"Fuck."
I'm guessing he doesn’t like that one.
"What happened? No one swiping to the right on your Tinder?" I gave him an exaggerated frown as I took a seat beside him.
Throwing my arm around him I said, "I'll date you." I squeezed him into my side. "What do you say? I'm a real fun girl."
There was that amazing smile.
"But really, everything ok?"
"Yeah. I just got an email from work that I have to go to the MET for a charity event."
"So? Skip it."
"I can't. Says it's mandatory."
"Gross. Sorry dude. Hate that for ya." As I was standing, his hand grabbed mine.
"Be my plus-one? Please Stella? Please, please. Pretty please. It will be so much better with you. Plus, nobody at work knows I'm gay. This will be perfect. Everyone thinks we are dating anyway."
Damn it. I was not in the mood to go anywhere tonight. A carton of Ben and Jerry's Half Baked was calling my name. It truly was the perfect combination of brownie and cookie dough.
My mouth started to water.
Ice cream. A movie. My bed. That is all I wanted in life at the moment.
His face was pleading with me when I looked down.
"You can buy a fancy new dress. And then you can go get a manicure and pedicure. Doesn't that sound amazing?"
I cocked my head to one side. Well. It did sound amazing and I did have Luke's Amex. My mind was battling itself.
To go or not to go?
He was now tugging my arm and chanting my name.
Really?
"Ok, ok. Shit. I'll go. But the dress has to be amazing. I won't settle for anything less. Let's get Vivian in here to work her magic."
He practically sprinted out of the dressing room as I dragged myself behind him. This was going to be a long day.
Vivian found the most incredible dress and I felt like the prom queen that just beat out Serena Singleton.
My senior year flashed through my mind.
Who’s fat now?
And just like that my mood shifted.
"That's the one. I just might be straight for one night if I have to stare at you in that all night."
Catching his eyes in the mirror I gave him an air kiss.
"I'll take it."
The dress was truly gorgeous. It clung to my body in all the right places stopping at my mid thigh. The nude color was almost an exact match to my skin tone. It gave the illusion of being see through except where the beading thickened, covering all my goods. It was hot and damn sexy. We finished the ensemble (Vivian's words, not mine) with a pair of Jimmy Choo nude platform sandals. For once, I was really excited about going to a dreadful event.
With bags in hand, I slowly walked into my apartment. Empty. I was both relieved and disappointed. The apartment felt cold and lonely. Luke was almost always there when I was and it felt weird not having his smile greet me as I walked through the living room. Fighting with him is the worst.
I hung my dress in my closet and took it out of the hanging bag.
Wow. Just wow.
The shower was hot and felt amazing. I carefully shaved. Everywhere. I even used my exfoliating gloves to add extra softness to my skin. Once I was fully shaved, plucked and moisturized, I started on my makeup. Smoky eye and nude lip. I kept my hair down in loose waves. The look was put together without trying too hard. My dress would do all the talking.
Slipping on my shoes, I stood in the mirror, frozen. It has been a long time since I felt beautiful. And tonight, I felt beautiful.
I sent a quick text to Carson letting him know I was on my way as I walked into the kitchen. I needed one drink to calm my nerves. I had my back to the front door when I heard it open.
Well shit.
I sucked down the last of my drink and sat the glass in the sink. My hands gripped the side of the counter, trying to get the courage to turn around. Heat was traveling up my body as I felt his presence.
"Stella?"
I closed my eyes at the sound of my name and took a calming breath. Turning into his stare, my breath hitched. Why does he have to be so damn good looking?
"Yes, Luke?" My voice sounded irritated.
His eyes roamed over my body and then back up to my eyes.
"Where are you going?" His hands were shoved in his front pockets making him look boyish and shy.
"Out." I will not give into his sexiness.
"Dressed like that?"
Excuse me, pretty boy?
"Dressed like what? A whore? Your whore?"
I snatched my clutch off the counter not waiting for a response. I wasn't in the mood to fight. But I also wasn't in the mood to be nice.
"Stella, please. Can't we talk?"
I almost laughed. Almost.
My hand was on the doorknob.
"No. We can't. You think I'm dressed like this for fun? I have a date and I'm going to be", I didn't want to finish, "late."
That rhymed and it made me cringe.
"With who?" His voice more forceful.
"None of your business." I opened the door and just as it was closing I added,
"And thanks for the dress. You paid for it."
The MET was buzzing with the who's who of Manhattans elite (I said that in my Gossip Girl voice). Who knew this event was so high profile? Paparazzi were everywhere. I was so distracted by all the gorgeous people walking around me, I stood frozen at the front doors. Slightly out of breath, that was a lot of stairs I just climbed, I reached for Carson to lead me in.
He looked gorgeous. His black suit was trim, accentuating his amazing build. Even with my heels on he had about 3 inches on me. Women were staring. Shit. Men were staring and not at me.
His blue eyes met mine as he ushered me in. Once inside, I grabbed his hand and entwined our fingers.
The decor was truly breathtaking. The overwhelming scent of fresh flowers almost knocked me down. They were everywhere. Enormous vases filled with white roses covered most of the room. The only light came from low-lit chandeliers and candles. The room was romantic. I loved it.
We reached the bar and Carson was ordering for me when I spotted good ole douche bag. I instantly rolled my eyes. It's as if they can't help themselves when they see him. As he raised his glass to his lips, those oh-so-amazing lips, he spotted me.
Busted.
I think I stopped breathing. Holy shit.
He was one fine looking specimen. He put one hand in his pocket, cocked his head to the side and gave me a big fat grin. As fast as he flashed those pearly whites they were gone even faster.
I felt a pair of lips press against my cheek as Carson reached around me to hand me my drink.
"One vodka water with lime for me lady."
"Why thank you kind sir."
I lifted my glass towards Warner and then sipped it slowly.
He's such a dick.
So, why am I so attracted to him?
"Should we put on a good show for our audience?" Carson’s voice was low as he whispered in my ear making me smile.
"What kind of show? And who's our audience?"
I turned to face Carson for an explanation.
"Well, it seems like my boss can't quit staring at you and he looks like he could kill me. So, him to start with."
He nodded his head towards Warner. I followed his eyes and found Warner glaring at us.
Busted.
This game sounds fun.
"So, an audience of one? I'm game."
"Not one. But two. His brother can't quit staring at you either."
Mark is here? Of course he is. This must be the charity event he was talking about this morning. But I haven't seen him.
"Oh. Mark? I haven't seen him yet. Don't worry about him. He's nothing like his brother." My face softened at the mention of Mark. He was fun to talk to and to flirt with. Not to mention, it drove his brother insane. That was an added bonus.
"He's right behind Warner. But don't look now because they are both walking this way."
Game on.
My hand rested on Carson's forearm and I threw my head back in laughter as if he just said something funny. He followed suit. Now we were both laughing. What started out as fake has turned real because now we are laughing at ourselves pretending to laugh.
That's ironic.
"Stella? I thought that was you. Wow. You look incredible." Mark’s deep tone is warm and inviting.
He steps into my line of vision and I'm knocked a little off my game. His wavy brown hair is barely contained and looks like he just had sex in the janitor’s closet.
That sounds fun.
His suit is dark charcoal with a light grey pinstripe. He has a five o'clock shadow that makes him look mysterious. He is beautiful. But it's nothing that gets my blood boiling.
When Warner comes to stand beside him, creating some space between Mark and I, my eyes roam the exquisite sight before me. Warner Jones makes my stomach flutter and my knees weak, which pisses me off. What about this guy would interest me? His amazing good looks? His perfect body and face? His unlimited amount of wealth? I guess to the average woman he sounds like a catch. Ha!! I nearly make myself laugh out loud.
He is perfect. But he's missing a few key ingredients.
A heart. A personality. A sense of humor.
Those things are really important to me. Far more important than money.
Warner won't give me the satisfaction of acknowledging my presence.
Still a douche.
So I do what any normal girl would do. I walk over to Mark and give him a kiss on the cheek.
"Hey Mark. It's so good to see you."
He placed his palm on his cheek where I kissed him and gave me a smile.
"Stella. I'm so happy to see you again. You look," he took a step back to examine me, "well, I've never seen anyone more beautiful."
My face began to turn red and I dropped my gaze to the floor.
I wondered if Warner thought so.
I looked back into his eyes.
"Mark, thank you. I'm so happy to see you, too. I really needed to redeem myself from the way I looked this morning. That was tragic."
Carson draped his arm around me and kissed my cheek.
Oh yeah. Carson.
"Mark, this is my--"
Carson cut me off.
"Boyfriend." He stuck out his hand. "Carson. I work for your brother."
Mark hesitantly shook Carson's hand never taking his eyes off me.
"Hey Warner.You remember Stella? She works in our building." Carson faced Warner, putting him on the spot.
Warner's lips were pressed into a hard line. He better remember me, the douche bag. I just saw him this morning.
"Stella is it? Nice to meet you."
He stuck his hand out to shake mine.
WTF! Really?
"Yeah. Stella. As in I've meet you at least three times. But it's nice to be remembered." I stepped in front of Carson and reached for his extended hand.
"Nice to meet you Mr. Jones." Once our hands touched I felt it. You know. It. The spark. The tingle. Whatever you want to call it.
I felt IT.
If I'm not mistaken, so did he.
This just raised the stakes.
His eyes are glued to our hands.
"Stella."His voice came out breathy and goose bumps formed at the base of my neck.
I was still. Too still. I didn't want him to let go. But I instantly reminded myself what an asshole he is. Always.
A beautiful blond comes from nowhere. Maybe heaven because she looks like a fucking angel. Her gown is white. It's stunning and simple. The V dips deep down the front but the long sleeves keep it very classy. My eyes go wide as I check her out. The dress grazes the floor and skims her long, thin frame.
Brazilian fucking model. Guess he found one.
"Warner, honey. I've been looking everywhere for you."She grabs him possessively as if to say, "Back off my man, bitch".
Carson handles the situation with perfection. He is instantly by my side. Brazilian floozy takes him in.
Keep staring. He's mine. Well, for tonight.
"Stell," kiss on the lips, "you wanna dance?" Kiss on the lips. "I've been dying to get you out there." Long kiss on the lips.
"Stell?" I whisper against his lips so no one can hear.
He whispers back.
"Pet names are good." We smile into one another.
"Game on." We say at the same time.
"If you will excuse us. Mark, I'll find you later so we can make fun of your lame ass brother together." He laughs and says something about that could take all night.
"Mr. Jones. It was a pleasure meeting you. Fourth times a charm." The comment is dripping with sarcasm. When the angel from hell isn't looking I blow him a kiss.
Chapter Six.
"Have you talked to Luke?" Carson was holding me close against his body as we showed off some of our skills in the middle of the dance floor.
"No. Well, not really. I saw him briefly before I walked out the door."
"So, he saw you in this dress?" He raised an eyebrow waiting for my response.
"Yes. Why?" Confusion set over my face.
"Good. And he deserved to see you this hot. He likes you, you know. That's why he was so pissed last night. He likes you."
Laughter filled me and I stopped and looked him dead in the eye.
"That's your brilliant conclusion? Luke likes me? Me? I hate to say it, but you are so wrong. He doesn't like me and he made it perfectly clear when I started," I had to choose my words carefully considering Carson had no idea what I did in my spare time, "when I started living with him, we could never date. He said he never thought about me like that."
My shoulders began to sag at the thought. Luke would never like me.
"So, you like him?"
"Of course I do. I've never denied it. He knows. But, I will never do anything about it. I respect his decision."
We continued to dance in silence. Carson kissed my neck gingerly and I ran my fingers through his hair.
All for show, of course.
When the song ended, he escorted me back to the table. A few of his co-workers were seated, eating and talking about work stuff.
Boring.
"I'm gonna use the little girls room. I'll be right back. You want a drink or anything?" I was standing behind him, talking in his ear with both hands on his shoulders. He was caught up in conversation.
"No thanks, babe." He turned to give me a quick kiss and I was off.
The bathroom was empty so I took my time. I sat on the chair in the lounge area and checked my phone. Whoa. 15 text messages from Luke. He's a real stalker these days. Since I wasn't in a hurry, I decided to check them.
"Come home."
That's what every single one of them said. Not "I'm sorry I'm an asshole" just "come home".
"No." I pushed send and put my phone away. Taking my lip-gloss out, I did a little touch up and a final glance in the mirror.
This will have to do.
"Stella."
There went my eyes. Rolling. It was automatic when I heard that voice. He was leaning against the wall, his hands in his pockets. Looking all GQ.
Damn him.
"Mr. Jones." It came out through gritted teeth. I was not in the mood.
"Have we met?" My mocking tone didn't sit well with him. But what did? He always looked so mad at me.
I picked up my stride and continued waking towards the party. He reached for my shoulder.
This felt familiar.
He ran into my back as I abruptly stopped.
"Shit. Give a girl some space, would ya?"
"Are you and that Carson kid really dating?"
Carson kid? He has worked for Warner for five years. He deserved better than that.
"Wow. It's good to know you value your employees. And it's none of your business."
"Just answer the question, Stella. I want to know."
I let out a small laugh and gave him an exaggerated frown. And in my best whiny voice I asked, "Ohhhh. You want to know?" My eyes were wide and my expression mimicked caring.
Pause for dramatic effect.
"I don't give a fuck!"
I took a few steps and with the courage I was able to muster, blame that on the vodka, I turned back and walked right up to him.
"And why the fuck do you always look so mad at me?If you don't like me, then quit talking to me. God knows I don't want to talk to you. And yet, you keep showing up and....talking to me." My hand gestures were all over the place.
Have I mentioned I like to talk with my hands?
I straightened my dress with a huff and walked off. For good that time. No looking back.
Once I reached Carson I asked if he was ready. He politely said his goodbyes as he stood and took my hand.
Such a gentleman.
"Can I crash at your house tonight. I'm still not ready to see Luke."
"Of course, Stell. I already figured you would."
He brushed his hand over my cheek.
"You really look beautiful tonight. Thank you for coming."
"That's what she said." I smiled into him as he rested his forehead on mine.
"Ha!! What am I gonna do with you, Stell."
And before I realized it, his lips were on mine. My eyes flew open in surprise but I soon gave in. It was a slow and agonizing kiss. He pulled away, leaving me breathless.
"One last show for an audience of one." He cocked his eyebrows, smiling from ear to ear.
Just as we were out the doors, I risked a glance back and saw Warner.
Once again, pissed.
*******
Sunday funday? Absolutely not. Not this Sunday. Someone was hung over and that someone was me.
"How much did you let me drink?" The one eye I had open was staring at Carson's bare back.
"Not enough. I didn't get to take advantage of you."
I punched him and then threw one arm over him.
"I don't have to be wasted to let you do that."
We were both laughing.
"Owww. Stop making me laugh. My body hurts." My hands were covering my face as I moaned.
This hangover is epic and I couldn't believe I drank that much. I didn't even feel drunk at the party.
As if reading my thoughts, Carson added,
"You didn't eat anything and those vodka waters were pretty much just vodka."
"I need something greasy." I was halfway off the bed. When I stood, I noticed that I had on Carson's shirt and sweats.
"Why do your clothes fit me? This is beyond depressing."
"Because I like my shit fitted and you like your shit big."
Rolling my eyes, I strolled into the bathroom and brushed my teeth with his toothbrush. He won't mind, right?
The rest of Sunday was a lazy one. We vegged out and watched movies all day. All in all, it was perfect.
"I need to go home and face the devil. I'll give you your clothes back tomorrow. Is that ok?"
"Of course. How about just sometime this week."
I grabbed my phone and texted Travis to see if he could come pick me up. I didn't have any shoes except my heels and I didn't feel like cabbing it across town dressed like this.
Kissing Carson on the cheek, I grabbed my stuff and made my way to a waiting Travis.
"You are a life saver!" I said as he opened the door for me.
Once I was home, I carefully unlocked the door. It was around 11:30 so I was sure Luke was asleep.
A girl’s laughter was coming from his room and his light was on.
I eased closer to his bedroom. More laughter that sounded like a dying cat.
Seriously? Where did Luke find these girls?
My rage was burning.
Is this why he wanted me to come home so badly? So he could rub his bedroom romps in my face? Well, two can play that game.
Game on, Luke.
Chapter Seven.
My alarm clock was more annoying than usual.
"Just five more minutes, mom." I said into my pillow as I pressed snooze. My morning breath hit me in the face.
Yuck. That's gross.
But I didn't care. I was soooooo tired.
My five minutes was up and it was time to hit the real world.
I showered fast and decided to wear my black-rimmed glasses instead of my contacts. Instantly, I looked smarter. I threw my hair in a topknot and chose a fitted black pantsuit. I left one extra button unbuttoned on my crisp white shirt for a little added sex appeal.
Perfect.
I grabbed my workbag and cell. The smell of coffee was calling my name. I could not wait to see what the bimbo from last night looked like. This should be fun.
When I got to the kitchen, I checked my surroundings. No one was to be found.
Opening the dishwasher, I retrieved my favorite travel mug and poured the steaming brew almost to the top, leaving room for creamer.
Two Splenda packets. Check. I reached for the fridge in search of the French vanilla.
"Where the fuck are you?" I mumbled to myself, as I was rummaging through jelly and what not.
"Oh. My bad. I used the last of it yesterday morning." A female voice came from behind me.
Aw hell no.
I took a calming breath before turning around.
I all but slammed the door. Jars and bottles rattled but I didn't care.
"I'm sorry. Who the fuck are you?"
Her eyes looked like Bambi in headlights. And Bambi was probably her name.
That's right.You should be afraid.
"T-Tiffany. We met the other day."
Her voice was soft and nervous.
"Well, T-Tiffany. I guess I didn't recognize you with clothes on." That was a bitchy comment but she drank my creamer on the wrong day.
My poor briefcase took the brunt of my fury as I collected it off the ground. I stormed out of the kitchen and caught a glimpse of Luke enjoying the show. I gave him the middle finger and slammed the door behind me.
The Starbucks line was ridiculous. No surprise but it still pissed me off. Tiffany would pay for this if I saw her again. I'm not sure how, but she was definitely paying for this.
As thoughts of cutting her hair off as she slept flooded my mind, I felt a tap on my shoulder.
I was met with a handsome face.
"Mark. Good morning."I instantly felt my face flush. He is just way too handsome.
"Is it good? Because the look on your face when I walked up said otherwise." He cocked his beautiful face to the side as he squinted one eye.
"Just a typical Monday. Sucks every week!" I shrugged.
"That it does. Let me buy your coffee and maybe I can make it a little better."
"No. That's ok. I can buy it. But you can keep me company. Are you headed to the office?" My eyes shot a look behind him.
"Yeah. I'll walk with you."
One Americano and two cappuccinos later, we were headed to work. Mark and I fell into our typical, easy banter. Making fun of Warner was our go-to. My morning was getting better already. Mark really knew how to make me smile.
Just as he was finishing another funny story, our elevator ride came to a sad end.
We were laughing when we stepped off, caught up with only each other.
I sat my coffee down on the receptionist’s desk.
"Hold on." I motioned for Mark to step closer. His hands were full and his tie was a little crooked.
"Let me help you."I motioned him towards me.
He stepped closer willing me to help him, holding the cups away from his body.
I reached up and adjusted his tie. Our faces were close and I could feel his breath on my lips.
"Ahem!" We were jolted back to reality as Warner looked none too impressed with the situation. I patted Mark's chest playfully, unfazed by what I'm sure was a face full of hate from Warner.
"There. Much better. You look very handsome." The words were true and my voice was loud enough for Warner to hear.
"Why thank you. You look incredibly sexy in these." He tapped my glasses making me blush.
"And I thought I looked smart." I gave him a wink and grabbed my coffee.
"You’re going to make me late. Thanks for the company. I'm sure I will see you around."
"Good morning Mr. Jones. It's good to see you again." I playfully drug my hand across Warner's chest as I walked by. His body stiffened under my touch.
Point, Stella.
Victoria was late so I got to sit in my office with a little peace and quiet before I started my day.
I lazily opened my email as I sipped on my coffee. Junk, junk and more junk. Oh. What's this? One from my mom. The subject line read: you look beautiful.
My curiosity was in full affect as I quickly opened it. My hand flew over my mouth as I took in the picture. It was of Mark and I at the Met. He had his arm around me whispering in my ear and making me laugh.It was actually an amazing picture of both of us. Page Six did me proud. My gaze found its way to the caption.
{Has Socialite Stella McDaniel broken the hearts of the men of New York by settling down? And with a Jones? }
That made me laugh. They have no idea. But the good news is Warner's going to flip his shit.
My phone buzzed. It was Victoria letting me know she was going to be another 30 minutes at least.
Good.
With my phone in hand, I strolled down the hall to the other side of the building to show Carson. He was going to have a good laugh.
When I reached his office, I slowly peeked in. He gave me a knowing smile. He had already seen it.
Of course he has.
"So, I guess we have to break up now." I took a seat acting sad.
"Sorry that you had to find out on Page Six."
Shrugging his shoulders he said, "Shit happens." He walked around to stand in front of me. He stuck out his hand.
"Friends?"
I took it and shook. "Friends."
In one swift movement he yanked me up and I landed hard into his chest.
"Ouch you bastard. That hurt." I playfully slapped his chest and he pulled me into a bear hug. When he released me, he adjusted my glasses.
"I love it when you wear these. They make you look like a hot secretary."
"Ugh. They make me look smart!"
"Lunch today?" He was back behind his desk.
"Yes please. I'll text you after Victoria gives me my assignments for the day."
I blew him a kiss and then I was out the door.
My smile on my face couldn't be any bigger. I loved the fact that me and Mark were pictured together. One: it would for sure piss off his brother. And two, it would piss off Luke.
Two birds. One stone.
"Stella?"
Oh no. Bitch-toria.
"Victoria?"
Great. I was about to get in trouble. I hung my head and walked towards her.
"Hey Victoria. Sorry. I just had to run something to my friend." I pointed towards Carson's office. "I'm heading back now."
"Stella, I'm actually glad I ran into you here. Turns out, I have a favor to ask of you. "
"Okay. What is the favor?" My voice was hesitant.
She clapped her hands together and the held them to her lips.
"So, as you know, fashion week is coming up and every year they choose someone to sponsor a party for all the designers the night before all the shows start."
She walked a little closer. Her face full of excitement.
"Well, this year they chose Jones International to sponsor."
I interrupted. This was taking way too long.
"And how does this have anything to do with me?"
"I'm getting there." Now she was at arms length. She placed her hands on my shoulders as if to brace herself.
"It turns out, that Warner himself, asked if Global Media, that's us, would be involved." Her voice was filled with excitement. "And he personally asked for you to be on the committee." She gave two claps.
"Isn't that amazing? You. You get to work with Warner everyday for the next two weeks." I was sure at this point only dogs could hear her.
"No." I shook my head.
"No? No, what?" she questioned.
"No. I don't want to. Me and Warner don't really get along and I do not work for him." I pushed my glasses up on my nose and straightened my posture making me taller than Victoria by a good two inches. I was not backing down on this.
"Stella." She lowered her voice and looked around."Do not be stupid. You will work with him. You do not have to enjoy it. But, as my assistant, this is your job. I do not have the time to dedicate to this event considering all the other things we have going on. So, I'm not asking, I'm telling you, as your boss, that you will do this."
I let out the breath that I was holding.
"Fine. When do I start?"
So much for standing my ground.
"Right now."
Ugh. Eye roll.
This Monday might be the worst in history.
Warner came strolling towards us.
"Victoria." Kiss on the cheek. " It’s lovely to see you again." His voice was smooth and sultry and hit all the right spots.
Damn him.
With his back towards me, I raised my hand towards my temple attempting to shoot myself with my thumb and finger.
"Is it that bad?" Marks voice came from behind me and was filled with laughter.
"You should probably holster that thing before someone gets hurt."
That made me laugh.
I turned into him. Now my back was to Warner.
"It is that bad. I was just assigned to work with your brother on some party planning. I mean, doesn't he have some sort of international company to run or something?"
Marks expression dropped as he glanced at his brother. He mumbled under his breath but I'm pretty sure I heard a "son of a bitch" somewhere in there.
"Stella, can I see you in my office. We need to discuss your duties for the event."
I looked at Mark with a weak smile and then leaned into him, cupped my mouth with my hand and whispered,
"He said duties."
Funny? Yes. Immature? Absolutely. But I was rewarded with a boisterous laugh from Mark and a scowl from Warner.
Walking towards Warner's office, I gave Mark one last glance and added, "Page Six posted an awesome picture of us today. I guess we are dating now." That earned a smile.
"I already had it framed." He yelled back.
That earned a laugh.
He disappeared as I rounded the corner, headed towards my worst nightmare.
Chapter Eight.
I felt like a lamb being led to slaughter as Warner walked me to his office. Why the fuck did he make me do this?It must be karma. I mean, what other explanation could there be besides that the universe hated me.
And hate me it did.
We came to the end of the hallway where we were met by a very "lovely" receptionist. Ahhh. Her name was...I did a double take. Does her nameplate say Kimber? Was that an actual name?
Kimmmmburrr. Sounds like timber but with a K.
Interesting.
"Stella?"
I snapped to attention.
"Stella, this is--"
"Kimber. Yeah. I can read. It's this crazy thing they teach in school these days." Now that came out a tad bitchy.I turned my attention to Kimber and, whoa, her two "breast" friends.
OH HELLO.
It was like a moth to a flame. Shit. They almost hit me right in the face. Her dress was so tight and low I had forgotten where we were for a second. Glancing down at my extra undone button, I felt matronly.
"Nice to meet you Kimber." I shook her hand while walking towards Warner who was now waiting for me.
He took out his key card and ushered me through the double doors.
"She seems smart." Sarcasm was laced all over that comment.
But seriously.
Where did he find her?
As I passed through the doors my eyes were instantly engaged.
Holy shit.This is how the other half lives.
Warner's office was breathtaking. Simple and modern. Comfortable yet sleek. Upon walking in, you are met with two very large dark grey velvet couches. A marble coffee table between them, boasting giant books. Fashion, architecture and music made up most of them. Beyond that sat his oversized desk. His giant iMac was the only thing on top. The windows were floor to ceiling. A bar settled behind his desk where four chairs faced each other. It looked like the man's area.
"Do you like it?"
I fucking loved it.
"Sure." I was playing it cool.
He looked at me puzzled. I quickly moved on.
"So, where should I start? I've been sort of shoved into this without knowing what the hell I'm doing." I sat my bag down, and took a seat on the couch. My arm rested over the top and I crossed my legs. I took off my glasses and placed them gently between my lips.
"Well?"
He quickly walked over to his desk, my gaze following that ass all the way.
He did some clicking on his mouse. Still standing, he reached for a piece of paper that had just printed.
Where the hell did that come from?
He walked over and handed it to me.
"Here. These are the contacts of all the people involved in this event. I need you to call all of them and tell them we will no longer be needing their services."
My mouth gaped open.
"Why in the world would I do that? The event is in two weeks. That is hardly enough time to start from scratch."
He gave me a warning glare.
"Stella, you work for me now and you will do as you are told. "
Un-fucking-believable.
Oops. I managed to say that out loud. Now I had to own it.
"With all do respect, Mr. Jones. I do NOT work for you. And I am actually annoyed to have to take on a project like this. This isn't even in my job description. I design sets for magazine shoots, style models and manage ad accounts. I'm not a party planner." I stood with purpose and adjusted my suit jacket.
"Why don't you ask Kimber? She seems, ummm, qualified."
I snatched up my briefcase. I really needed to apologize to this bag by the end of the day. Poor thing.
I stormed past Kimber in a haze. I looked up seeking answers.
"Is this a joke?" I was pleading to myself.
"Stella?"
I was really getting tired of my own name.
"What do you want?" It came out a little angrier than expected.
Mark was standing in the hallway; phone in hand, looking hot.
"Whoa. You need this?" He reached in his pocket and pulled out his hand in the shape of a gun.
That got me to laugh.
"Nah. I've got my own." I pretended to search my bag and pulled out my own "hand" gun.
"And mine is better than yours. So..." I shrugged and then gave him a wink.
"But mine's bigger."
"It's not always about the size."
He threw his hands in the air.
"That's what I have been saying all these years."
That earned another laugh.
"Mark, you sure are a breath of fresh air. Thank you."
"Go to dinner with me."
Uhhhh. Huh? Where did that come from?
Think of an excuse. Any excuse. Come on.
Something suddenly came up.
You're sick.
Anything.
Times ticking.
I cleared my throat.
"Ummm. I don't know, Mark. I'm sort of busy tonight."
"How about tomorrow?"
For heavens sake.
"Busy."
"The next night."
For fucks sake.
"Maybe."
"That's not a no." Excitement filled his voice.
"It's not a yes." I pointed out.
"I'll take it."
I rolled my eyes and started towards my office.
"Bye Mark."
When I glanced back to give Mark a flirty wave, I noticed Warner headed towards us. I picked up my pace and pretended not to see him.
Maybe he's going to the bathroom.
"Stella!" His tone was angry and a bit scary.
Just keep walking.
"Stella!!!!" He reached for my shoulder and I jumped.
Shit. He was closer than I thought.
I let out an irritated sigh.
"Warner. Please. Just please leave me alone. I have a job where you are not involved. Can't you please find someone else to do your shit work?" Was I fucking crying?
Fuck me.
He grabbed my chin and tilted it up until my eyes reached his.
"Shit, Stella." He took out his handkerchief and gently dried my tears.
"Please come back to my office and let me talk to you further about this opportunity." Knowing I was hesitant he added, "Please."
His expression softened and for the first time he looked, what's the word, nice.
I followed him back to his office and noticed Mark was still in the hallway. He gave his brother a displeased look and didn't look at me at all. That was probably for the better considering I was being such a huge fucking baby. I was going to have to kick my own ass later for pulling that crying stunt.
He softly closed the door. Walking around me, he offered me to sit as he poured a glass of water.
He sat on the couch opposite me and leaned his elbows on his knees.
"Listen, Stella. I'm sorry we got off on the wrong foot."
That's putting it lightly.
"I just requested you to work on this project because I've seen your work and Victoria raves about your creativity."
This was news to me.
"Warner, I am flattered. Honestly I am. Any girl, anyone for that matter, would love the chance to work with the great Warner Jones. You are obviously a remarkable business man and extremely easy on the eyes. I'm just not sure I can handle such a project. Not with my already crazy workload."
He interjected.
"I have that taken care of." He leaned back on the couch, taking on a carefree demeanor.
As calmly as I could I replied, "What do you mean 'you took care of it'?"
I was furious.
"I told Victoria to find someone to cover for you while you worked for me. And I would pay them." He said it so casually that I wanted to throat punch him.
"You are fucking with my career, Warner. I work hard to get those accounts and I don't want some girl to walk in off the street and try and do my job." My anger was at its limit.
No more tears.
"Stella. Calm down. Can't you see this is for you? To help you grow. The contacts you will meet through this alone will give you more business. Better business. More fucking money." He wiped his brow and took a sip of water.
"I'm just trying to help you."
Shaking my head, I was now leaning on my knees. Not very lady like but I didn't give a shit.
"I never asked for your help." It was almost a whisper as I held my head in my hands.
"But I'll do it. Not for you. But for me.And after these two weeks, please never talk to me. I don't want anything to do with you after this."
I pushed my glasses back on and took out my phone and typed out a quick text.
Once again rude. Once again, I didn't give a shit.
"I will want you to work from my office. A desk is being delivered along with a new Mac Book. I won't be in here often, so you will have the office to yourself most of the time."
"Fine. Whatever. "
This was an exhausting morning and I wanted nothing more than to go eat lunch with Carson. This day really sucked.
"Mr. Jones." Kimber's annoying ass voice filled the room. "Miss McDaniel has a visitor."
Thank God. Carson to the rescue.
I stood, grabbing my bag.
"Hey Stella." The familiar voice sent chills through my body.
"Luke?"
Chapter Nine.
Luke's eyes were stained with dark circles. His face looked tired and pale. This wasn't my Luke. It was a sad version of him.I stood there, studying him for a minute. He had on my favorite pair of worn jeans, a hoodie under his jacket and a pair of Nike's. His brown hair was tucked into an oversized beanie.He was still so unbelievably good looking.
I walked over to him and threw my arms around him. I couldn't help it. He needed it. I needed it. I was still furious with what he said to me, but right now, I just wanted him to hold me after the morning from hell.
He wrapped his strong arms around my waist and picked me up off the floor.
"Stella", he breathed, "I've missed you so much." He nuzzled his nose against my neck. He was breathing me in.
"I'm still mad at you." I said under my breath. "But right now, can we go somewhere?Maybe an early lunch? I need to get out of here."
"That's why I'm here. Carson texted me." He slowly slid me down his body until my feet found the floor.
Warner cleared his throat from across the room.
"Stella, you have an appointment in," he glanced at his watch, "30 minutes with the caterer. We will grab lunch on the way."
We?
I put my palms on Luke's chest and rested my forehead between them. I muttered a "son of a bitch" into his shirt.
Luke gently pushed me back by my shoulders and grabbed my chin.
"Dinner tonight. Just me and you."
I closed my eyes as he kissed me on the cheek and gave me a hug.
"I can't wait." I managed a smile.
As he was walking out the door he stopped and gave me one last look.
"And Stella. You look damn sexy in those glasses." He gave me a wink and nodded at Warner as he walked through the doors.
I threw my hands up in the air.
"I look smart!" I yelled after him.
However, note to self: wear these glasses more often.
My ridiculous smile was quickly wiped off my face.
"Who was that?" Warner's tone sounded angry.
I rolled my eyes before turning around. He was standing behind his desk, sans suit jacket and with both hands planted on his desk.
"My best friend and roommate. Why?" I couldn't hide my annoyance.
"I was just wondering if your boyfriend, Carson, knew about him."
"First of all, Carson is not my boyfriend. And second, Luke and I are just, what do you guys call it, fuck buddies."
I wish.
It was so fun torturing Warner. His whole body stiffened and I'm pretty sure he let out a "fuck" as he closed his eyes. After a few seconds of uncomfortable silence, my phone rang.
Thank you.
I held up my finger, gesturing to Warner that this was an important phone call.
"This is Stella."
"Hi Stella. This is Richard. How have you been?"
Why was Luke's dad calling me?
"Hi Mr. Decker.I'm wonderful. Thank you. How can I help you?"
Turning my back to Warner, I stuck my finger in my ear to get better reception. Why? I have no idea. It was extremely quiet in Warner's office.
"Stella, sweetheart. I have a job for you and my stubborn son won't tell you about it. So I am going to."
Oh. Great.
"Ok. Luke and I haven't really been talking lately. Does this have to do with a certain client?" My voice was barely above a whisper. I did not want Warner to overhear.
I'm guessing Mark wants a second date.
"As a matter of fact it is about a very important client. He is requesting Samantha for this Friday. I have already told him that you weren't available per Luke's instructions. But he was persistent and offered an obscene amount of money. So, I thought I would at least offer the job to you."
He explained the amount and the job.
Holy shit. That was a lot of money. It was hard to turn down. So, I didn't.
"I'll do it. Tell him I will be there. Just email me the details and I'll be ready."
He let out a sigh of relief.
"Thank you sweetheart. I'll let him know. Travis will go with you. Oh. And, Stella."
"Yes Mr. Decker?"
"His name is Warner Jones."
All I heard next was the sound of my phone hitting the concrete floor. I've never had one before, but I was pretty sure I was having a panic attack.
Calm down. Breathe.
Warner came around his desk. Bending down, he helped me gather my phone. I was on my knees but I was just sitting there. Not moving. I was in shock. There is no way I could do this.
No fucking way.
"Stella? Are you ok?"
I couldn't look at him.
"Yes. I'm fine. I just got some bad news. But it's fine. Thank you, Warner. " I grabbed my phone from him.His hand briefly touched mine.
Spark.
I rested back on my heels. Hands lightly on my thighs.
This day really was the worst.
As he stood, he reached for my hand. I took it. He pulled me up and in total Rom-Com fashion I stumbled into his chest.
Seriously. That just happened?
Still holding my hand, he placed the other one around my waist.His hand rested on my lower back. I could feel his breathing pick up. My heart was beating fast and I wanted to stand there forever.
Snap out of it.
He must have read my thoughts because he released me as if I was burning him.
"Well...ok. I guess it's time to go. So, where are we headed?" I was fumbling over my words.
We were awkwardly standing across from each other. I focused on his shoes and worked my way up his fitted pinstripe trousers, to his crisp white button up.
No jacket. No tie. No problem.
I made my way to his gorgeous, full lips and finally landing on those crystal blue eyes.I held his gaze. He was beautiful.
Stop it.
"I'm so sorry."
I stepped back and straightened my suit jacket. Tugging it from the bottom and adjusting my shirt collar, I smoothed myself down. My hands cannot seem to settle down. It's my nervous tick.
"Not a problem. Shall we?" Warner escorted me out and we headed down to his waiting car. I was in unchartered water. What was I doing? This was beyond my comfort zone. But I would never back out of a challenge. This would be the best fashion week party ever. And I would personally make sure of it.
We rode in silence. Holding my phone as a security blanket, I checked my Instagram, my email and my twitter. Nothing interesting was going on. When my phone vibrated I nearly jumped out of my seat. I blame that on the ridiculous tension in the car. He looked over at me with a sideways glance and I gave him a closed mouth smile. As soon as he turned to stare back out the window, I flipped him off. Before I answered the phone, I caught the drivers' eyes in the rear view mirror. I swear he was smiling.
Busted.
"Hello."
"Stella. Where the fuck are you? I thought we were going to lunch?"
I slapped my palm to my forehead.
"Shit, Carson. I completely forgot. Well, that's not entirely true. My morning has officially sucked ass and I totally lost track of what I was supposed to be doing. Literally. I have no fucking idea what I am doing." Those words were spoken towards Warner.
"You want to go to dinner?"
"I can't. I promised Luke I would eat with him. Want to grab drinks before? Our usual spot? Say around six?"
"Sounds great. I love it when Luke gets my sloppy seconds." His laugh made me laugh.
"Sloppy? Never. Seconds, only if you're lucky. But you could never be so lucky." We were giggling like schoolgirls.
"Ok. I'm glad you are laughing. I'll see you at six.And, don't forget to wear those glasses. They're a huge turn on."
I let out an annoyed sigh as I threw my head back against the seat.
"Seriously. I have worn these glasses before. What is it about today that is different?"
"Just wear them." I knew he was smiling.
"Ok. Ok. I'll wear the damn glasses. And then you can fantasize about me categorizing the card catalogue."
"I love a sexy librarian."
"Bye Carson."
I stared at my phone after I hung up. Back to awkward silence.
Warner literally couldn't be sitting any further away.
Fine by me.
I positioned my legs towards the door, placing my back to him. We sat like this the entire way. It was making me laugh. What started out as silent laughter was quickly turning into full body shaking and watery eyes. It wasn't even that funny but the fact that I shouldn't be laughing only fueled more laughter.
Like in church when you were 11 and you couldn't stop laughing.
That was me. A giggling 11 year old in church. Where was my mom to pinch my side and make me stop?
The car pulled over and stopped right in front of the caterer.
Finally.
The driver came around to let me out and I waited for Warner to join me. As he approached he just kept walking without saying a word.
That was rude.
I followed him like a lost puppy. This was against everything that I believed in. Ugh. I hated how much control he had over me.
Mrs. Tanner was a middle aged woman that seemed extremely put together. That was probably putting it lightly.
She was in a tailored pencil skirt and jacket. Both bright red. It was a bold choice of color. One I might have voted against. But since she didn't ask me...
Anyway, her black hair was pulled tightly into a bun that sat perfectly on top of her head. She was all business. Which I appreciated. She didn't seem fazed by Warner. That was different. She must be a lesbian. I smiled to myself at the thought. As if a woman had to be gay not to fall at the feet of Warner Jones.
Cynthia, as she wanted to be called, made my job extremely easy. She had everything organized and ready for tasting. All of it was delicious. We picked out our favorites and ended the meeting with a handshake.
Done and done.
The ride back was much the same except it was Warner on the phone this time. He was talking business. I decided to close my eyes and take a break from reality for the next 20 minutes.
The rest of the day went by pretty fast. I had finished everything Warner threw at me. I felt like Cinderella trying to get all her chores done before the ball. Or by the time it was happy hour.
At five till, I started gathering my stuff and shoving it in my bag. I closed my new laptop and decided to take it with me. It barely fit, but I made it work. I would need to get a new bag this week.
I walked to get my coat, threw on my scarf and headed back to get my bag.
"Well, I guess I'll see you in the morning, Mr. Jones."
Keeping his eyes on his computer screen, he loosened his tie and unbuttoned a few buttons.
My mouth suddenly went dry.
"Where are you going?"
He glanced at his watch.
"Victoria might allow you to leave whenever you want, but that's not how I work. We are not done here."My bag hit the floor with a thud as I stormed over to his desk.
"Excuse me?"I was about to lose it.
"You heard me. We are not through. So go take off your jacket and get back to work." He was still not looking at me.
That's it.
I slammed both hands down on his desk.
Shit. That stung.
"It is six o'clock. I usually leave at five so this was actually extremely generous of me to be here until now. I got everything done that you asked of me. I am going home and you are not going to stop me. You are not my boss!" With that, I turned and walked quickly back to my bag.
"I'm doing you a favor, Mr. Jones. This is not my job!"
He stood quickly making his chair roll into the wall.
"Stella." There was warning in his voice. "You will stop right there and take your fucking jacket off and get back to work.
I am your boss and you will do as you are told. That is, unless you want to be fired. Or have you forgotten that I have the power to do that. I own Global Media, making me Victoria's boss. Making me your boss."
There was no mistaking the arrogance in his voice.
I fisted my hands against my sides. I wanted to scream. How did I get in this position?
Fuck him.
I turned to look him straight in the eyes.
"I quit."
I picked up my bag and flung it over my shoulder and headed for the doors.
He was now coming towards me. I could hear his shoes against the concrete floor.
"You what?" He sounded furious.
I stopped, letting him catch up. When I felt him closing in, I quickly faced him. I didn't want him too close.
"You have a hearing problem, Jones? I said. I. Fucking. Quit." I may or may not have made hand gestures implying he was unable to understand.
Real mature.
"I don't want to work for an arrogant asshole like you. You have done nothing but be a dick ever since I met you. I don't know what your problem is but I will not be bullied by you. By anyone!"
I was done.
As I opened the door, he placed his hand above mine and slammed it shut.
He placed his other hand on the other side of me, trapping me against the door. His chest was pressed against my back.
Do not turn around. He was so close.
He lowered his mouth against my ear and goose bumps spread at a rapid pace. We stood still for a moment before he ruined it.
"You can’t quit. I won’t let you."
That was the wrong thing to say.
"Well too fucking bad. Because I already did."
With that, I yanked the door open with all my strength and practically ran to the elevator.
He didn't follow me.
As the doors closed, I finally relaxed against the wall as the elevator took me to the world of unemployment.
Cue panic attack.
My mind was a whirlwind.
What am I going to do? Could I get another job? Would Victoria give me a good recommendation?
The elevator seemed to be getting smaller and smaller. I braced myself on the railing. I closed my eyes and took in a few large, calming breaths.
Not working.
I bent over and placed my hands on my thighs.
Just breathe.
I didn't notice the doors had opened until I felt a hand on my back.
"You ok?"
All I could see was a dark pair of Ferragamo dress shoes and I knew it was Mark.
I didn't look up.
"I will be. I need a drink."
Or five.
I slowly rose up.
"Why do you look like you just ran a marathon?" He crossed his arms and gave me that look. You know, the one that said, tell me the truth.
"I quit my job today. Your brother is an asshole." I glanced at my phone. 6:20.
"I wish I could explain, but I'm meeting someone and I'm twenty minutes late already.
The cold air knocked me breathless. Thankfully, a cab stopped right away.
Before I stepped in, I hesitated and turned back to Mark who had followed me outside.
"Call me sometime."
His smile was infectious.
I smiled back.
He would be my revenge against Warner.
Chapter Ten
I threw my bag into the booth as I violently yanked my jacket off. It was all of a sudden suffocating me and I couldn't get it off fast enough. Before even sitting, I grabbed my waiting vodka water and finished it in two swallows.
"Ahhhhhh. I'm gonna need about four more of those." It was a promise to myself more than anything.
My jacket and scarf joined my bag in a pile at the end of the bench. When I finally managed to calm myself down enough to sit, Carson immediately grabbed my hands.
"Stella, what happened? Are you ok?"
"No. I'm not fucking ok. I just quit my job! Oh good gosh!!! I quit my job?" I was losing it."I quit my fucking job!!!" I fisted my hair in my hands and rested against my palms.
"You what?" He was genuinely shocked.
"You heard right. I quit my job. Warner tried to make me work for him. And I was going to.But then when I was leaving he got all controlling and told me I couldn't leave. I lost it and quit."
That summed it up.
Carson was speechless. And let's just say, that doesn't happen often. Another drink arrived and I tried not to drink it as fast. Three swallows. After five drinks, I always keep my promises, we were laughing and having so much fun. I was doing my best impersonations of Warner.
I was killing it.
Stuck up, arrogant asshole wasn't a hard trait to mock. But I didn't want to take anything away from my raw talent. Speaking douche bag was coming naturally. Especially with all the alcohol in my system. I stood at the end of the booth. Leaning across the table, I grabbed my drink. I straightened with purpose showing Carson how Warner looked at his desk. I uttered the words he did when he told me to take my fucking jacket off.
"I wanted to kick him in the balls." My words were slurring and I was going down fast. I just realized I hadn't eaten all day.
"That fucker didn't even feed me lunch. He made me cancel my lunch plans and didn't even fucking feed me."
Carson was nodding as if I was preaching from a pulpit.
There went my hands. Gesturing and what not.
"Maybe I'm too much woman for him. He probably wanted to starve me. I'm not the size zero super model he is used to being seen with." I raised my glass.
"Fuck him! He's a fucking moron and would never be able to handle a real woman like me."
Carson was dying. I'm pretty sure the volume of my voice was getting louder because during my rant I heard a few, "that's right, girl" and "he doesn't deserve you".
I looked down at myself and then back to Carson.
"Am I that disgusting? I can't understand why Warner can't be nice to me? I mean, for fucks sake. At least my name isn't Kimber. Which, by the way, rhymes with timmmmber.And, at least I can form entire conversations without using the word 'like' a hundred times."
Carson's expression changed and he gave me the look that maybe I should shut up. But I was tired of being told what to do today. I had reached my limit with guys and their demands.
"Carson. Don't give me that look. I had a shitty day that was gift wrapped and given to me by that arrogant asshole. I hate him. I hope to never see his perfectly sculpted face, on top of that ridiculously sexy body again. I hate the way his suits fit him perfectly and how his hair always looks like fucking angels styled it. And those eyes. Ugh. They're the worst shade of blue. Like the Caribbean ocean. So gross. And lets not forget those lips. They look so soft and kissable. Too bad when he opens them, words come out."
Carson's eyes darted past me as if he was not listening.
I got in his face.
"Am I boring you?" I took one last drink and sat my glass on the table.
Me was drunk.
"Ummmm...Stella. Maybe we should go. Don't you need to meet Luke?"
Shit. I almost forgot.
Carson still had his gaze fixed on something behind me.
Curiosity won. When I turned around, I saw Warner staring at me.
Fuck me.
It's obvious he heard everything I just said. Oh well. He can't do anything about it. I already quit.
"Of course." I threw my hands in the air in surrender. I give up.
I quickly reached for my pile-o-crap. Not even taking the time to put it on before I got outside. Carson was paying the tab and I was getting a taxi.
My scarf was giving me trouble.
Did I mention I was drunk?
Screw it. I dropped it on the ground and put my jacket on. One arm and then the other. It felt like a huge accomplishment at this point. Finally, I was zipped and buttoned.
"Here. You dropped this."
No shit Sherlock. That came out under my breath but I’m sure he heard me.
A hand was holding out my scarf. I retrieved it and gave an insincere thank you without ever looking at Him.
"Stella, we need to talk."
"Warner. Fuck off." I placed my hand in the air trying desperately to hail a cab.
I rummaged through my purse for a piece of gum and my phone. I sent a quick text to Luke that I was on my way as I popped the minty refresher in my mouth.
So much better.
The cabs were not coming. I texted Travis to see if he was close. He quickly replied he was on his way.
One small victory.
I turned to go back into the bar and Warner followed me. We stepped right inside the door into a small hallway. We had our backs against opposite walls. I crossed my arms to give a more "back the fuck off" demeanor. He followed suit. My eyes met his and I quickly looked away. When I glanced back, he was checking his phone. I took the opportunity to study him. This was the first time I have ever seen him in something other than a suit.
He wore slim black jeans with a plaid button down. A hooded sweatshirt layered over that and an awesome leather jacket over everything. He looked young and oh-so-very hot. Not the stiff international business executive I was used to seeing. I liked this look on him.
I broke the silence.
"I've never seen you dressed like this. It's a good look for you."
He snapped his head in my direction, his eyes meeting mine.
"Thank you. I don't get the opportunity to trade in the suits for jeans very often."
That's sad.
I gave him my best closed mouth smile and glanced outside looking for Travis.
And then...we stood there. Just awkwardly stood there. Didn't he want to say something?
I took out my phone, needing something to do with my hands.
Luke texted back that he couldn't wait to hang out with me. That made me smile.
Travis pulled up as I took a second look outside.
Hallelujah.
As I was about to push the door open to leave, I got a crazy idea. Let's just blame it on being over served.
I walked back to Warner. Fisting his jacket in both hands, I reached up on my tippy toes and kissed him. I melted into him as he wrapped his hands around my waist and pulled me closer. He felt so good. And those lips were as soft as I had thought.
Damn he tasted amazing.
Coming to my senses, I shoved him against the wall with a little more force then I intended. We were both breathless. His expression was priceless. That was a first for me and I'm pretty sure for him too.
I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand and started laughing.
Grabbing his face with my hands, I squished his cheeks together.
"You need to learn how to lighten up and have some fun."
I shook his head back and forth.
"Why so serious all the time, Mr. Jones?" I pursed my lips making a fish face and then let out a laugh.
What is wrong with me?
Abort. Abort.
I left him standing there, dazed. He didn't say a word. As I ran up to the Tahoe, the passenger door opened and Luke stepped out holding his hands out wide.
Running faster, I jumped into his arms. I've missed him and I needed to tell him about my crazy day.
"Ready?" his smile was contagious.
"Yes! I need to forget this day."
He kissed my cheek and helped me in.
We snuggled in the backseat trying to get warm.I rested against his side as he draped his arm around me.
"I quit my job today."
"I know. Carson told me. I just got off the phone with him. He was worried about you. I told him I would take care of you." He placed a kiss in my hair and pulled me closer. My eyes willingly closed as we rode in needed silence to the restaurant.
After downing a million calories on pasta and dessert, we headed back to our place. A movie night was in order and I couldn't wait to lie on the couch and watch The Heat. Over dinner, I told Luke all about my day. He made a few threats to cut off Warner's balls. Although the thought had crossed my mind a time or two, I declined his offer.
The rest of the night was perfect. We laughed and laughed and laughed. The movie was exactly what I needed. And so was the time with Luke.
I was pretending to clean up in the kitchen when Luke hugged me from behind. Taking my hair and brushing it to the side, he settled his lips against my neck.
"I'm so sorry, Stella. What I said the other day. I didn't mean it."
Closing my eyes, I took in a deep breath and gripped the edge of the counter.
"I know. But, you really hurt my feelings."
He turned me around to face him. Taking my hands, he wrapped them around his waist and then placed his hands on either side of me, resting his forehead on mine.
"I lost my shit when I saw you touching that guy. I can't explain it. I guess I was jealous. I don't like anyone touching you."
I moved my hands to his hair. Taking it between my fingers, I tilted his head up so our eyes could meet.
He wanted me as bad as I wanted him.
I pulled his face close enough for our lips to touch. Closing my eyes, I deepened the kiss. Things quickly escalated as Luke picked me up and sat me on the counter. He rested his body between my legs, never breaking contact. I was lost. This was everything. Four years in the making.
"Stella, I can't." His voice was husky but stern. He backed away, leaning against the opposite counter. I watched my feet dangle off the side, too embarrassed to look at him.
He didn't want me.
"Stella, it's just--"
I held up my hand to stop him.
"It's ok Luke. You don't have to explain." I jumped off the counter acting like nothing happened.
I was secretly dying inside.
Be cool.
"Thanks for stopping. That could have been a huge mistake. Shew."
I actually wiped my brow.
"What a fuck up that would have been? I'm blaming that bad decision on five vodka drinks and one horrific day." I playfully slapped his chest as I walked by.
Walking into the living room, I picked up my shoes and my cell phone.
"Stella. Stop. We need to talk about this."
I put my fake smile on before I turned around.
"No. Please. Let's not. It's not a big deal. That was bound to happen sooner or later. I'm just happy we got that over with and now we can resume our friendship. And you can go call Tiffany and I can...go to bed. I'm exhausted."
I didn't wait for a response as I headed down the hallway to feel sorry for myself.
I sank into my bed, pulling the covers all the way up to my chin. As I stared at the ceiling I decided to relive my terrible Monday.
Oh my gosh! It's only Monday?
What started out as a day without coffee creamer, ended with me throwing myself at two guys and getting denied by both.
Fucking fantastic.
And I forgot to buy damn coffee creamer.
Chapter Eleven.
Moaning against my pillow, I carefully rolled over to look at the clock. 9:30. This unemployment thing sure has its perks considering I haven't set my alarm in three days. However, I have been killing myself at the gym, hence the reason I can barely move. Spin, Pilates, hot yoga, barre... You name it. I've done it.
This is what it must be like to be a trophy wife.
Operation Avoid Luke has been successful. Since he has to be at the office by eight, I've stayed in my room every morning until at least nine and hang out with Carson at night until I know Luke is asleep. It's not the best tactic, considering I will eventually have to answer one of the hundred calls I get from him a day. Or the fact, that he's my roommate, aka landlord, aka pimp daddy. But, I will deal with him later. I'm still freshly humiliated by his rejection.
Now it's Thursday and I actually have to get ready for the day. I got a "job" last minute from Richard via email last night and in my current situation, I am in no place to say no. Carson and I are going to lunch and then I have a date with Barney's.
Showering felt so good. It has been a couple of days.Shhhh. Don't tell anyone. I just haven't really been motivated lately. But, since I would be in public today, it was a wise decision.
I threw on my favorite distressed jeans, a sweater and my favorite high top Nike’s. My beanie made my effort on my hair obsolete. But it was freezing and I'm a wuss.
As the cab approached Jones International, my old stomping grounds, I was suddenly aware that I would more than likely run into Warner.
Karma had been a nasty bitch to me lately.
Why stop now?
I reached in my bag and grabbed my sunglasses. Also known as, my shield from the world. They made me feel invisible.
When I stepped into the lobby I felt weird and out of place with all the suits bustling about. I was hoping Carson was making his way down so I wouldn't have to wait long.
A familiar voice rang in my ears.
"Whoa, Warner is way more lenient on the dress code. And it's not even Friday."
What?
I turned to see Victoria gawking at my over-the-top casual attire.
"What?"
That's all I managed to say, as my mind was only able to think one thought.
She didn't know.
"This." She gestured with her hand towards my jeans and sneakers.
"He lets you wear this to the office?"
"Well, considering that I quit on Monday, I would say he doesn't LET me do anything."
And now her jaw was on the floor.
"You quit? How, I mean why. I mean. What? Wait. Is this a joke?Why didn't you tell me?"
That was painful to listen to. She has never been one with the words, but shit.
Speak much?
"I thought he would have told you." I glanced at my phone.
Where is Carson?
"He didn't. But, you should have. Does that mean you don't want to work for me? Did you quit me too?"
I was surprised by her question. Was Victoria worried that she lost me?
"I guess I just thought that you would fire me since I couldn't make it work with Warner. I know this was important, but my dignity is more important. I can't work for someone who belittles his employees."
That was an honest statement. Not to mention that I became "hot for teacher". I'll keep that to myself.
"Don't be crazy, Stella. You are my best employee. I can't do half my shit without you. Please, don't quit Global Media." She grabbed my hands and did a little tug. A begging tug.
Gets me every time.
"Ok. Ok. I never even quit. I'll be back Monday. Is that cool?"
Carson's perfectly coifed hair was strolling towards us.
Thank the good Lord.
"Perfect. See you Monday."
Two air kisses and she was gone.
As we walked through the doors, headed to our favorite lunch spot, I felt like fist pumping in the air. I made it out alive. Or at least without seeing Warner. And as a bonus, I still had a job. Thursday is really starting to look up for me.
As I held Carson's hand, he stopped to check his phone.
"Fuck." One word. A whole lot of meaning.
He gave me a look of panic as he began dialing a number.
"Lisa. What the hell is going on? No. I do not have anything down until two. Who is it? He is not my client. No. He's Warner's. I don't have anything to do with his account. This has to be a mistake."
He mouthed an "I'm so sorry" as he kissed the back of my hand.
He continued listening to Lisa. Growing more and more agitated as the conversation progressed.
"Fine. I'll be back up in a second."
He pretended to drop kick his phone down the sidewalk which got me to laugh.
"So, I'm guessing lunch is off?" I said with a shrug.
He hung his head.
"Yes. Apparently I have to meet with one of Warner's clients right now."
Thinking that was weird, I noticed a black Range Rover parked in front of the building, idling. The tint was too dark, but I was pretty sure Warner was in it. I saw the same Range the other night when I left the bar.
"Ok. Well, let's hang out Saturday. We can go out and get trashed." I raised my brow in hopes he would take me up on my offer.
"Deal."
His high five wasn't going to cut it. What are we?Frat brothers.
We had an audience of one. So, I pounced on him.
"Just go with it." I whispered as I kissed him like a soldier going off to war.
He smiled against my lips.
"You noticed the lurking Range, I see."
"That I did." I said with a giggle.
"Now get your ass up stairs and do me proud." I swatted his ass and shook my hand pretending it hurt.
"Damn son. Have you been working out?"
He turned and laughed as I watched him go back in.
I stood there for a second staring Warner down through the dark tinted windows. I knew he was in there and that he sabotaged our lunch. What a dick move. It's one thing to be mad at me, but don't involve Carson.
If it wasn't so cold, I would have stared longer, but it was and I started feeling like a creep. And then I started wondering if he was even in there. That led me to, what if that wasn't even his car?
I'm weird.
Vivian had a room pulled for me when I got to Barney's. Tonight's date didn't really require anything special. It was just a dinner date at TAO and I could really just wear something from my closet.
But why would I do that?
And Friday, ugh, don't remind me, was black tie. Warner would be all decked out in the finest threads so I needed something absolutely amazing. A show stopper if you will.
The crème de la crème.
You get the picture.
For tonight, I settled on a classic black dress with an asymmetrical neckline. It was fitted to the knee with a slit that led the eye up high on the thigh. It was sexy but appropriate. A pair of black Manolo's finished off the outfit.
Now on to the main event. Vivian pulled out all the stops. There were so many to choose from. Finally, after much debate and the vote of the entire sales floor, we decided on...drum roll please... the red Valentino. It was beyond gorgeous.
The strapless bodice hugged all my curves, showing just enough cleavage to keep the imagination wondering. It fit my body like a glove all the way to my mid calf where it dramatically flared out to the floor.I had seen it on the runway and couldn't believe it was now mine.
High-fiving every one of the sales people on my way out, I felt like I was on cloud nine.
My day so far had been a success. Plopping down on my bed, stomach first, I kicked off my shoes and checked all my social media. I really needed to get a hobby. Once I had seen the same picture twice, I decided to get ready.
I chose to just clip in some bangs and wear my hair up in a bun. I threw in colored brown contacts just in case the universe was still mad at me and decided to put Warner at the table next to us.
She wouldn't dare.
Would she?
I put on heavy eye shadow and a full face of makeup. Including actual lip liner and lipstick. My date was from the South. I needed to be believable. I did, however, draw the line at big hair.
Walking into the restaurant, I scanned the bar. A pre-game drink was in order, so we were supposed to arrive 30 minutes before the rest of the party.
And there he was. A goofy smile spread across his face when he first saw me. He was in his late thirties with overly gelled hair.
I started to look behind me. Surely, he's not smiling at me. But, he was.
He stood as I walked towards him.
What was that shirt he was wearing?I could feel myself squinting. What is that? Lavender paisley?
Are his jeans ironed with a crease? I don't want to judge. But shit, give me a gavel and a robe. This man is fucking guilty of so many fashion crimes. I just got started. As I got closer, I noticed his phone was neatly clipped on his hip. That only means one thing. I scanned up to his face. Yup. I was right. A fucking blue tooth. It was right next to his earring that matched his gold rope necklace.
Mother Nature, you're a cruel, cruel bitch.
Never again will I take a job that Luke doesn't screen first.
"You must be Samantha."
Air kiss. Two of them. I wasn’t expecting it so the first one was awkward because I went for a hug. We did a little dance and finally he managed to air kiss both cheeks.
"Yes. It's nice to meet you Tim. I hope your flight was good."
We continued our small talk. I couldn't concentrate. His shirt was so loud, I couldn't hear my own thoughts. And then I caught a glimpse of his pinky ring and it was over.
I needed to drink.
The rest of the party joined us right on time and we were seated right away. It was five guys and me.
I was able to keep up with the sports talk since I do like to catch SportsCenter in the morning while I'm running. So needless to say, I impressed them with my knowledge on the subject. By the end of the night I was adding up my drinks. Yikes. Five. I was again wasted. This was becoming a habit.
Finally the night concluded.
Finally.
Tim walked me to a waiting Travis and I was so eager to get in the car.
Tim kissed my hand and helped me in.
"Travis, is Luke home?"
"Nope. He went out."
A pinch of jealousy shot through me. Who was he with?
"Awesome. I'll go home then."
And cry myself to sleep.
Better yet...
"Hey Trav. Wanna come up and watch a movie?"
Chapter Twelve.
The blanket was clutched just under my face. Hugging my knees to my chest, I was a ball of tension.
Travis picked a scary movie. We flipped a coin and he won. And he picked fucking Paranormal Activity. There is a reason I never saw it.
That reason being I hated scary movies.
I could feel him laughing at me as I watched through spread fingers. When he opened the fridge to grab two beers, I jumped.
"Seriously, Stella. You have got to calm down. It's not that scary."
"Says the 6 foot 4 beef cake. This," I waved a hand down my body, "would be first to go. And you know it."
He smiled over his beer.
"Yeah, you are probably right. Ghost hate beef cake."
Handing me my beer, he sank into the couch a little closer this time.
I welcomed the contact. The movie was scaring me shitless.
I was glad he had already seen it because my lack of filter was going strong.
It's as if I had Tourette's.
"Son of a bitch" was leading the pack. Followed closely by "fuck me".All spoken under my breath and into my blanket, of course.
I grabbed his arm and threw it over my shoulder. Snuggling as close to him as I could, I hid my face in the blanket. Sweat was starting to gather in obvious places but I was not going to give up this velvety soft shield.
"Holy shit!!" I threw the blanket off and stood up. I was now pacing the floor.
"I've never been so happy for something to be over. Travis, I fucking hate you." He dodged the pillow I threw but I surprised him by tackling him and giving him a noogie.
Big mistake.
He easily flipped me over and started to tickle me.
"Stop. Ok. Ok. I'm sorry."I could barely get my words out.
"Do you still hate me?"
"Yes!!!"I would not easily give in.
He continued his assault. I couldn't breath I was laughing so hard.
"Now. Do you still hate me?"
"I've never hated anyone more!"
That got him to laugh. But he didn't let up.
"Stella--"
The front door slammed and everything stopped.
Travis had me pinned to the couch, both my wrists in one hand as his other one was tickling me.
Luke looked like he was about to throw something.
"What the fuck is going on in here!"
UH OH. That’s his angry voice.
Travis jumped off so fast I fell on the floor.
Of course I did.
As I stood, I looked down at my attire. My tiny shorts and tank probably didn't make this look any better. But this is Travis we are taking about.
"Calm the fuck down, Luke. We were just watching a movie." Giving him a glare, I started putting the couch back together.
"That's not what it looked like." He turned his attention to Travis.
"Go home." His tone was threatening.
Travis lowered his head and grabbed his stuff on his way to the door.
"Don't be a dick! I asked him to come over. And Travis!" He was walking away. "Grow some balls!"
I ran over to him immediately feeling guilty about my outburst. Grabbing his hand I lowered my voice.
"You don't have to leave. We both had a lot to drink. Please stay. You can't drive."
"I need to go, Stella. Luke is my boss."
"Fuck him." I growled.
Still holding his hand, I led him back to the living room.
"Luke, Travis is spending the night. We are both drunk and he can't drive."
Luke fisted his hair in his hands.
"Fuck that. He can call a cab."
"No. He is spending the night. Travis, you can sleep in my bed. It has plenty of room. And Luke--" I let out a sigh. "Just go away."
Turning on my heel, I followed Travis down the hall.
"Stella!"
Luke yanked me back by my upper arm. Hard.
"Shit!! That hurt!" Luke's eyes were glazed over. He was drunk.
"Luke, let's talk in the morning when we have both calmed down."
Pulling myself away, I left him standing in the hall.
Closing the door to my bedroom, I decided to lock it. Travis was already under the covers. And judging from the pile of discarded clothing, he was only in his skivvies.
"Hey, Trav. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean for that to happen. Luke has been acting a little off lately."
I really need to talk to him about his behavior lately.
"It's ok. I totally understand."
What's there to understand?
"Huh?" That's all I had.
"Stella, it's obvious. Luke likes you."
Not this again.
"Well he has a funny way of showing it. I kissed him the other night and he rejected me. So, I'm pretty sure he doesn't like me."
He sat up and rested on his elbows with a confused look on his face.
"What?" I held my hands up in question.
"Oh nothing. Except Luke likes you." His head hit the pillow as he pulled the covers back up to his neck.
Rolling my eyes, I turned the lights off and joined him. It was an innocent sleepover. Just two friends sharing one bed and it felt good.
"Night Trav."
"Night Stella."
*******
When I woke up, I was alone. Sort of relieved, I rolled over to check the time and found a note on my nightstand.
Stella,
Thanks for letting me crash. I'll be here at 7 to pick you up.

-Travis
Oh shit. How could I forget my date with the douche bag? I threw my legs out from under the covers and sat on the edge of my bed.
Shaking my head, I willed myself to standing.
One small step for mankind.
I was in desperate need of a glass of water and some Advil. This headache was epic. Catching my reflection in the mirror, I paused in horror. Whoa. Silently, I said a "thank you" for Travis being gone.
Nobody should witness this mess.
Halfway down the hallway, I realized I didn't have creamer for my coffee.
Fuck Tiffany.
I reached for the Advil and filled my glass with cold, refreshing water.
It tasted so good.
Resting my elbows on the counter, I took a much needed break from all the recent physical exertion. I mean, I did just walk all the way down the hall and fill my glass with water.
As I was resting, I took the time to take in my attire.
Wow. Kudos to Travis for not getting the wrong impression.
"Hey."
Oh good gosh.
I all of a sudden felt naked but it was too late.
Turning towards Luke, I leaned against the counter, bracing myself with my hands.
"Hey." I said back.
"Stella--"
"Luke--"
We spoke in unison.
I gestured for him to go first.
This ought to be good.
I crossed my arms and then uncrossed them after my crossed arms hoisted up my cleavage. Damn this tank top was little.
"Stella. Listen. I seem to be losing my shit around you lately and I am so sorry. This jealousy thing is new to me and I don't know how to handle it."
I started to say something but he kept going.
"Let me finish. I've known you for almost six years and you are my best friend. I can't imagine my life without you."
My heart was starting to race. My face was struggling to keep a calm, cool and collected demeanor. All I wanted to do was smile at the words I have always wanted to hear.
Go on Luke. Tell me that you are in love with me.
"I have even imagined spending the rest of our lives together."
Holy shit.And...
"Sometimes I feel like we are soul mates. And when I see you with other guys it kills me. But..."
No. No. No but...
"We can't be together. It would never work. I don't want to risk losing you as a friend. My best friend."
And that's what it feels like to get punched in the gut. To have your heart ripped out. For everything to come crashing down.
I was speechless. I couldn't form words or even get my legs to work. I was mortified, humiliated and fucking angry. And then I felt it. A tear slipped out and fell down my pathetic face. Unexpected and unwanted, I wiped it away immediately.
He didn't deserve my tears. He didn't deserve my friendship. He didn't deserve me.
His hand reached for mine and I instantly pulled it back.He doesn't get to touch me. He doesn't get to break my heart then hug it out and tell me "everything will be ok".It doesn't work like that.
"I hate you." I said it under my breath but I know he heard me.
"Stella. We can work this out."
Shaking my head at the idea, I closed my eyes and thought carefully about what to say.
Blank. My mind was blank.
"No. We can't." With that I ran, more like sprinted, to my room. My door slammed so hard a few pictures fell off the wall.
My silent cry turned into a sobbing mess. So much for keeping it together. But, it was impossible. I just lost my best friend. We would never be the same. The line had been crossed and there was no going back. I didn't want to love Luke but it just happened. I knew better. But the heart wants what the heart wants. Fuck that shit. I hate myself and my stupid heart.
Turning on the water, I let the shower get steamy before jumping in. The water felt so good that I stood there for a good ten minutes feeling sorry for myself.
When I finally collected myself, or my water turned ice cold, I found some clothes and put them on. Did they match? I had no idea. Did I care? Nope.
I dried my hair and hid it under a beanie. I needed to get my nails done before tonight's festivities.
Ugh. I do not want to go. But, my ass can't afford another night of Ben and Jerry's.
After my nails were done, I did the only logical thing any heartbroken girl would do. I went and got a tattoo.
"Well, what do you think?" Carson was sitting at the edge of my bed as I lifted up my shirt to show him my tat.
That's what people with tattoos call them. Tats.
I'm pretty sure my cool factor just went up a few notches.
"It's fucking awesome. But I can't believe you got one. You are such a prude!"
Eye roll.
I stood closer to the mirror. The tiny arrow was settled on my skin just under my bra line. No one would ever really see it but me.
"It’s so cute." I let out a squeal.
"What does it mean?"
"I found it on Pinterest. Something like being pulled back only sends you forward. Like an arrow. Get it?"
I poked his chest as I walked by headed to the bathroom.
"So, are we still on to get trashed tomorrow?"
Nothing sounded better.
"Absolutely." I yelled as I flushed the toilet.
"Nothing would make my happier." I found him in my closet when I returned.
Oh shit.
"Stella!!!"
And there it was. He found the red---
"Valentino!!! Why in the world do you have this? I mean, how did you get this?" He was staring at the dress in amazement.
I guess it was time to spill the professional escort beans.
"Carson, you need to sit down."
I took both his hands and told him everything from my past and how I got started. I told him about Mark and who my date was tonight.
"Holy fucking shit, Stella. This is crazy! Let me just get this straight. Luke is your pimp daddy. Travis is your bodyguard. You went on a date with Mark and now you have to go on a date with Warner. But not as Stella but as Samantha. And you are going to wear a wig and colored contacts to disguise yourself. Did I get everything right?"
I shrugged nonchalantly.
"Yup. You got it." I gave him a smile.
"Not such a prude after all."
I took out Thee Valentino and held it up against my body. Doing a little twirl I asked, "So, you really like it?"
He replied with wide eyes.
"It's amazing. I can't wait to see it on your hot little bod. Even more, I can't wait for Luke to see it!"
I stopped abruptly. I completely forgot that Luke didn't know about tonight. He is going to shit in his pants.
"Oh shit. I forgot. Luke doesn't know. He hates Warner. This will not go over well."
Carson stood and walked towards me, cupping my face.
And in the most sincere voice he said, "Who gives a fuck what Luke thinks about Warner. He lost that right this morning. So, don't worry about him."
My shoulders relaxed and I agreed.
"Now let's get Cinderella ready for this ball." He slapped my ass and shoved me in the bathroom.
Chapter Thirteen.
Peeking out my bedroom door, I felt a nervous energy rush through me. Carson's voice carried through the hall and I knew he was talking to Luke. I had successfully avoided him all day. But, now, I couldn't wait for him to see me.
Immature, I know.
After I closed the door for the third time, next time I am really going out there, I stole another glance in the mirror. The dark brown hair of my wig complimented my olive skin tone. I left out my contacts hoping my natural blue eyes gave me an exotic look. Satisfied with my appearance, I headed to the living room. Travis should be here any minute so I won't have to ignore Luke for too long.
All I could hear were crickets when I stepped out of the hallway. Both guys looked dumbstruck. I suddenly felt self conscious and wanted to go back in my room.
Carson was the first to speak.
"Stella." It came out breathy and with so much meaning. His tone told me everything and I smiled.
He stood and walked towards me grabbing my hand and kissing it gently.
"You have never looked more beautiful. Warner is one lucky bastard!"
I felt shy at the compliment and looked towards the floor. My face was flush and warmth flooded over my skin.
Luke wouldn't look at me until he heard Warner's name. He slammed his fists into the couch.
"No! Absolutely not. You are not going on this date. I told my dad no!"
He was up and pacing like a crazy person.
"Luke, I just dropped a shit load on this dress and I will not cancel my date because you're jealous of your best gal pal going on a fake date."
I glanced at Carson who chose to stay silent.
"Will you walk me down. I will wait for Travis in the lobby. "
He offered his arm and carefully escorted me out the door. I let out a sigh of relief that Luke had nothing else to say.
Its becoming harder for me to understand his jealousy. I practically threw myself on him and he denied me. Plus, he's had Tiffany over all week and I haven't had anyone over, in well, ever.
The fake dates had consumed all my time in the first few years that I didn't have time to go on real dates. And now, I'm just not interested in anybody. Except Luke. And we all know how well that went.
Thankfully, Travis was waiting for me. He took me by surprise as he stood there in a brand new suit.
"Hey hot stuff! Did you get all dolled up for me?" I gave him a high five and he brought me into a bear hug.
"Careful there beef cake. I just got a new tat and my side is a bit sensitive." I playfully punched his arm as I got in the backseat.
"Tat? Nobody calls them that." He said through laughter.
I threw my hands over my head. "What? Only everybody calls them that."
Still laughing, he walked around to the drivers side.
Carson leaned in and kissed my cheek.
"You are going to be the belle of the ball. Warner is going to lose his mind."
He stepped back giving me a final once over.
He patted my knee and said, "Ya did good kid. Ya did good."
"You're weird. But thanks boo. I'll call you first thing tomorrow. And don't forget about our date."
"Oh I won't. And PS." He lowered his voice. "Nobody cool says tat."
Flipping him off, I slammed the door.
There were a sea of limos in front of us. Thank God we are not in one. It just seems a bit cheesy. We finally arrived at the designated drop off.
"You can do this. It's going to be fine. Pretend you don't remember him calling you a whore. Be flirty. Be nice. You can do this."
My hands were clenched as I was giving myself a pep talk. I felt like Rocky as I bobbed my head back and forth, shrugging my shoulders up and down. All I needed was to sprint up the stairs and yell out "Adrian".
Ok. Here we go.
Travis opened my door to a slew of paparazzi. Of course they don't know Samantha. But they will know my date. Once they figured out I was a nobody, they moved on.
As I reached the top of the stairs, breathless I might add, I searched the crowd for Warner.
As if in slow motion, the people started parting like the Red Sea and there he was, looking oh-so dapper in an Armani Tuxedo. A classic black tux with a white button down and black bow tie. His pocket square was black to match the black buttons of his shirt.
My stomach filled with butterflies. He was breathtaking.
He slowly turned and met my stare. Would he know I was his date? He was told I would be in red.
He took his hands out of his pockets as he made his way towards me. We never took our eyes off one another. I couldn't look away although I begged myself to.
"Samantha?"
"Warner Jones?"
He picked up my hand and ever so slightly brushed it against his lips. A shiver ran all the way up my arm down between my legs.
Have I mentioned its been a while since...you know.
"You look stunning. I am certainly the luckiest guy here."
His comment made me blush. It felt honest and real. But a part of me wished he was talking to Stella.
I was taken aback by the extravagant decor. Being in the New York social scene, I have been to my fair share of galas. But nothing compared to this.
We stopped at the bar to grab a drink before making our way to our table. He pulled out my chair and helped me to sit.
Such a gentleman.
I rested my chin in my hand and stared at him. Fully knowing he could see me.
"What?" His eyes held my gaze briefly before turning shy.
"You."
"What about me?" A small smile crept up on his face.
"I was just thinking that you are the most gorgeous man I have ever seen. All these women," I gestured with my hands at the room, " are extremely jealous of me right now."
He let out a small laugh.
So cute.
"I'm not so sure. Have you not heard the rumors?"
I tilted my head to the side curious.
"What rumors?"
He leaned forward and whispered, "That I'm a complete asshole."We were both laughing.
"You can't call it a rumor if it's true." I gave him a wink and took a sip of my vodka water.
He nodded in amusement.
"Would you like to dance?" He stood offering me his hand. I took one last attempt to finish my drink as he was pulling me away.
Once we were on the dance floor, we pushed our way to the middle.My fingers were already tingling from the contact and once he pressed our chests together and held my lower back, I felt like jello.
I closed my eyes and rested my cheek against his neck. His masculine scent tickled my nose as I inhaled deeper. He smelled like a mix of man and expensive cologne. Our joined hands were resting on his chest as he pulled me closer. I welcomed the contact. I played with his hair with my other hand as we moved to the music. As the first song ended, we stayed locked in each other's arms until the second one geared up.
"You feel so good Samantha. Something about you feels so familiar." His lips brushed against my ear and my body stiffened.
I didn't know what to say so...
I kissed him on the neck and I let my lips linger.
There was no denying the heat between us. He pulled away and stared at me for what felt like a solid thirty-seven seconds.
That's a long time.
He grabbed my hand and led me off the dance floor. He didn't stop at the table or the bar or even the bathroom. We were now down a hallway. The music was growing faint as we turned a few corners until all I could hear was my heart beating. Excitement and fear filled me all at once.
Once we found ourselves in the clear, he stopped abruptly causing me to run right into him.
"Shit! I'm sorry." I whispered, embarrassed.
But in my defense, he stopped on a fucking dime.
"I'm not." Those were the last words he spoke before he kissed me. And I'm not talking about a peck. It was a full fledged make out session.
It was awkward at first. I was all slow and and he was too fast. I broke contact first. Placing my hands on his cheeks, I slowly drew our lips together, coaching him to go at a slower pace. Now, I was in charge and it felt good. We continued our hot and heavy assault on each other. Our bodies so close.
This definitely rivaled that one time during my sophomore year.
I'm pathetic.
"Warner." Kiss. "You think we should go back?" Kiss.
"No. Not yet." He pushed me up against the wall.
He peppered kisses from my lips, down my neck and over my collar bone. I took his hair in my hands. I needed to touch him.
"Hey. You're vibrating." I pulled his head gently up to mine. Placing one last kiss on his lips before I broke the contact between us.
"Warner, your phone."
He let out a quiet "fuck" before answering it. His arm was propped up on the wall to the side of me as his other hand reached for his phone. His face was still so close to mine, I could feel his breath. I was now so thankful for the gum in my mouth.
"What?" His tone was clipped.
"I stepped out." He glanced at his watch. "It's only 8:30. I'm not due to speak until 9:00."
He pushed off the wall and used that hand to run it through he freshly dry humped hair.
Who dry humps at 24?
I was laughing on the inside.
He hung up and came back to me. Placing both hands on either side of me he rested his forehead onto mine.
"Can we please continue this later? I have to go and make my speech." He sounded frustrated.
I bet he was. Blue balls are a bitch.
So I'm told.
I smiled against his mouth.
"Maybe. If you're lucky."
I placed my finger on his lips so he couldn't respond.
"I'm already breaking all the rules." He took my finger in his mouth and I gasped at the shock that was sent through my body.
"You don't play fair." I pushed his chest to create some space.
"You in that dress? That's not playing fair." He then took my hand and led me back to the ballroom.
We arrived back to the table and I'm pretty sure no one noticed our absence. He placed me in my seat and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
"I'll be back right after my speech."
"Good luck."
Warner gave me the cutest smile before heading towards the stage.
I relaxed back in my chair and sipped on my drink while thinking about what just happened. This was something I have never done. I know these rules were in place for a reason and I was breaking most of them. I couldn't do anymore tonight or ever for that matter. Not as Samantha.
But could Warner like me? Could he like Stella? I mean, we are essentially the same person. Or, we are exactly the same person. I just have darker hair tonight. But, the banter, the flirting, they are all me. Why can't Warner be this way around Stella?Instead, he's a dick and can't stand my presence. Why can't he be nice to Stella. Why does Stella even like Warner?
And why am I talking to myself about myself?
As Warner was about to take the stage, I felt a hand grip my shoulder.
"The darker hair looks even better on you."
I looked up and met Mark's eyes.
I coughed and then choked on my drink.
Where did he come from?
"Mark? Hey. I didn't know you would be here. You remember me?"
"Are you being serious right now? You were probably the best date I've been on in years. I tried to get you for tonight but it looks like my brother out bid me." He lowered his voice as he spoke the last sentence and I was grateful.
I was all of a sudden feeling like Pretty Woman and not in a good way.
He took the seat next to me and I was slightly thankful considering nobody was talking to me at our table.
"Mark. You sure know how to make a girl blush."
I patted his knee and continued nursing my vodka.
I needed another one stat.
"Let's just say blushing is the least of my worries. That dress. It's doing wonders for that body of yours."
Now I'm pretty sure my face was the same color as my dress. You know, the one doing wonders for my body.
I literally stuck my finger in my mouth and made a gagging noise.
"Mark," I gave him a sympathetic look, "you can do better than that."
He smiled.
"Did it hurt?"
I rolled my eyes and bit the bait.
"What?" I asked as innocent as possible.
"When you fell from heaven?"
I let out a laugh.
"I can now see why you are single."
He clutched his chest acting wounded.
"Are you from Tennessee?
For crissake.
"No. Why?" I overly batted my eyelashes.
"Because you are the only ten I see."
We both started laughing. I clinked his glass.
"Mark. We got to get you a girl. You can't go wasting all that charm on me."
"I've found a girl." He was looking straight into my eyes.
"Oh?"
"Yeah. She's awesome and wonderful, but it's complicated." He shook his head looking down at the table.
Uneasiness overwhelmed me.
"She works for my brother."
This caused me to choke on my drink again.
"Hey. You ok?" He handed me his napkin and patted my back.
"You sure are having a lot of trouble with that vodka tonight."
"Oh, it's not just tonight." Using the napkin, I wiped my mouth and tried to gather what was left of my pride.
"So. As I was saying." He continued, "She is beautiful. Stunning blue eyes, chestnut colored hair and an amazing personality."
His face brightened as he talked.
"And, she's funny. So damn funny. I could talk to her all day."
He looked back at me and took a sip of his drink.
"It's weird. She really reminds me of you."
Thank God I hadn't just taken a drink because I would have spit it all over him.
My palms were starting to sweat. Not to mention other parts of my body.I swear if he says her name is Stella, I may pass the fuck out.
Fidgeting with my nails, I kept my gaze down.
"She sounds lovely, Mark. Does she know how you feel?"
Quit talking.
"No. I'm too chicken shit to tell her. Plus, I think Warner likes her."
My heart skipped a beat.
Keep talking.
"So, two brothers, one girl. This sounds like a soap opera. But, if you both like this girl, then why are neither of you here with her tonight. You can't be that big of a pussy."
It was his turn to choke on his drink. I started laughing as I patted his back.
"You okay there sport?"
He looked up with amusement.
"Yes. Thank you, pal." He playfully punched me on the arm.
I'm sure from a distance we looked like two adolescent teenagers at the adult table. However, we were having the most fun.
"Anyway, I didn't ask her because he was going to. But then, he was a 'pussy' and backed out."
I started shaking my head.
"Mark, two things."
I placed my hands on his shoulders. "And these will just help you in life. Ok. One. Don't use air quotes. You're 34 not 21. It's like using LOL in text. Just don't. And two." I held up two fingers to get his attention.
"Seize the moment. You and your brother. What are you guys scared of? A little rejection? Who cares. If you don't try, you will never know. And pass that life altering piece of info to your little brother. "
Please.
"I can't imagine any woman turning either one of you down."
He held up a finger and wagged it in my face.
"Uh, uh, uh. You turned me down?" He crossed his arms in a I-just-told-you kind of way.
"That's different and you know it. Maybe under different circumstances. But we can't ever be together. I'm just an illusion. I don't really exist." I was waving my hands in the air trying to lighten the mood.
"I wish you didn't." He said it into his drink but I heard it.
I gave him a weak smile just as Warner was being introduced.
My body was frozen at the sight of Warner. He demanded attention and he got it. His voice was commanding and everyone in the room was engrossed with this beautiful man. My eyes studied him closely. He felt comfortable up on stage. I watched as he relaxed by placing one hand in his pocket. He gestured with his hands when he was excited. His eyes lit up when he was showing his compassion. He was a born leader and now I know why he was so successful.
I couldn'thelp but imagine being with Warner. Having him come off the stage and into my arms. How could I get him to see me, Stella?
When his speech concluded, I heardmyself clapping louder than anyone around me. I felt proud. But why? I had no claim over Warner. He wasn't my boyfriend. Hell, he wasn't even my date. I was a professional escort.
That's all I was. I was being paid to be here. The thought hit me hard. Like a slap in the face. My eyes searched nervously around the table. Did they know? Mark did. Heat was rising and so was nausea. I suddenly felt sick from my thoughts. Warner had called me a whore that first night I met him. Was he right? He wasn't far off the mark.
I'm going to be sick.
I stood quickly, scanning the room for the bathroom. Trying to gather myself, I steadied my wobbly legs before taking my first steps. The room was spinning and my dress was starting to suffocate me.
Why is it soooo hot in here?
I made my way to the bathroom. It was just one stall with a small lounge. I quickly unzipped my dress and shimmied out of it. I needed it off. Valentino did not belong on a bathroom floor but I was so caught up with my melt down to care.
A loud knock startled me.
"Samantha, are you in there?"
"Warner, please just go away."
"No. Not until you tell me what's wrong."
"I'm fine." My voice broke and he barged in.
I guess I forgot to lock the door.
His eyes were wide with surprise as he took me in.
There I was. Standing in my strapless bra, lace panties and my high heels.
This had whore written all over it. Add in humiliation.
"I was hot." I shrugged nonchalantly.
"What's wrong? Tell me."He pleaded.
"Nothing. Can you please just help me into my dress?"
He let out a defeated sigh and walked towards me and picked up my dress. Holding it open for me, I used his shoulders to steady myself before stepping in. He carefully started zipping me up, stopping just before my fresh ink.
"Is this new?"
I glanced down.
"Yeah. I got it today on a whim."
"I like it. It's very sexy."
Once he was finished, I walked pasthim and into the hallway.
"Wait, Samantha. Where are you going?"
"I need to go home."
"Why don't you come home with me?"
"You know I can't. There are rules."
He grabbed my hand and kissed it.
"Can't we bend them?" He arched his eyebrow.
I didn't answer. Of course I wanted to go home with him.
Taking out my phone, I texted Travis that I was ready.
We made it outside and I immediately saw Travis.
"Will I see you again?"
On Monday.
"No. One date. That's all."
But Stella is available.
"That's a dumb rule." He took a step closer, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear.
"So beautiful."
Then, he leaned down and kissed me. I wrapped my arms around his neck. I gave him all that I had. When we finally broke apart, I turned and headed towards Travis.
I glanced back at Warner one last time.
"Thank you for an amazing evening, Warner."
And with that, I was gone.
Chapter Fourteen.
What have I done?
Warner seemed to be falling for Samantha and I really needed him to fall for Stella. And now Mark was falling for Stella. But Stella wants Warner. And she wants Luke.
Poor Mark.
Who's confused?
I slammed my head back on the leather seat as Travis drove me home. Why couldn't I just like Mark? He seemed to be the only one showing some interest in me. The real me. But, he didn't make my insides melt and turn to Jell-O. Nope. That honor belonged to his douche bag brother. Who, by the way, was less of a douche and more of a Prince Charming tonight.
But back to Mark.
He was extremely handsome, funny and sweet. Oh, and rich. He had a great personality and he actually likes me. That's just too easy. Why in the world would I like a guy like that?
I'm being sarcastic.
But still, I didn't feel anything for him beyond friendship.
"Did you have fun?"
I met Travis's eyes in the rear view mirror.
"I did. Thank you."
He stared at me for moment as I took my wig off.
"Luke went out. Want to watch another movie? Maybe eat some ice cream?"
"You know me too well. I would love nothing more."
I could see the smile in his eyes and I laughed.
"But I get to pick the movie. No more scary shit. My heart cannot take it."
He laughed a little louder, taking the deal.
I could not wait to get into my sweats. I didn't even wait for Travis before I went up to the apartment.
As the dress hit the floor, I let out a sigh.Finally, I could breath. Quickly putting on my pjs, I threw my hair up and washed off all my makeup.
So. Much. Better.
Travis was on the couch with two spoons and one carton of Half Baked. What movie should we watch? I felt like punishing him with a chick flick for putting me through that horrible excuse of a movie last night. But, I decided to meet in the middle with "Rush". It was a dude movie about race cars, I think.But the lead actor, one of those Hemsworth brothers, wasn't too bad on the eyes. I could deal with it for two hours.
As I laid down on the couch, propping my legs up on Travis' lap, I noticed he still had on his suit.
I quickly took my feet off him and sat up.
"You want to change? I just noticed you still had on your suit."
"No. I'm fine. This is fine. "
"Oh my gosh. It is not fine. Come here."
I grabbed his hand and led him to Luke's room. They were close in size so his clothes would fit.
I found a pair of shorts and a tee shirt. With my back to him, I briefly held them up to my nose and took a deep breath. They smelled like Luke.
What a creep!
When I turned around, Travis already had his shirt off.
Oh. Hello there.
I discreetly, or obviously, checked him out.
Staring at his broad shoulders, I worked my way down to his defined chest and then to his chiseled abs. His suit pants hung just low enough to see that sexy V that I very much appreciated on a man.
Who knew Trav had all that goodness hiding under his tight tees?
"Enjoying the view?" His voice was full of amusement and the grin on his face showed that he was pleased with my drooling.
"What's not to enjoy? If I were you, I would never wear a shirt." I tossed him the clothes.
Deciding I couldn't physically handle him taking off his pants, I left the room.
Have I mentioned it’s been a while since my girly parts have been touched?
Travis was a hot piece of ass and I didn't trust myself with him alone, in a bedroom, without clothes.
Not with the dry spell I've got going on.
I settled on the couch and covered myself up with the blanket. While waiting for Travis, I got the movie ready and dove into the ice cream. Alternating back in forth between cookie dough and brownie.
Ben and Jerry sure knew what they were doing when they invented this concoction.
Travis strolled into the kitchen, sans shirt.
SANS SHIRT!!
My mouth was gaped open as I eyed him all the way to the fridge. My eyes were still on him as he bent over to grab a beer and finally when he headed back to the living room.
He lifted my feet and plopped down on the opposite side of the couch, returning my feet to his lap. He casually draped his arm over the couch and turned to look at me.
I'm pretty sure my face was frozen in an I-want-to-have-your-babies expression.
He shrugged his shoulders.
"You said if you were me, you wouldn't wear a shirt. Are you having second thoughts about your own advice?"
Unable to form words I just shook my head.
"Good. Then why don't we push play?"
He reached for the remote, his hand briefly coming into contact with my chest because of course that's where I laid the remote. We both stilled and then he preceded to push play.
My body was full of anxiety and I couldn't concentrate on the movie.
Was he going to try something? Did I want him to?
Kind of.
All I could imagine was him giving off a big yawn and then accidentally putting his arm around me. Or, I could accidentally slip and fall onto his lap, straddling him. And then accidentally kiss his neck and then move down to his chest. Leaving a hot trail of kisses all the way down to his huge...
"Luke, stop it. Wait till we get inside."
My eyes went wide from the annoying voice coming from the front door.
T-Tiffany is here.
Fuck my life.
Her giggling made me want to throw up.
"Oh I'm gonna get inside." Luke's voice was more annoying. Was that his pick-up line?
Dumb ass.
But she giggled and he moaned as they made out in the entryway.
Gag.
They hadn't noticed us yet, but it was too late to get up and leave. I wouldn't give him the satisfaction of seeing me jealous.
As if Travis read my thoughts, he quietly slid behind me, spooning me against his chest.
I pulled the cover up around both of us and pretended to watch the movie. My heart was beating so fast but I didn't know if it was from Luke or the fact that Travis was pressed tightly against me.
He wrapped his arm around my waist, resting his chin on top of my head.
I fit perfectly.
Take that you stupid fucker.
Some banging and some more moaning came from the hall and I wanted to scream. But I kept my cool and waited for Luke to find us. And find us he did.
Flicking on the lights, I could see the anger rising in his face. He practically threw Tiffany off of him as he charged towards us.
"Oh hey Luke. When did you get home?"
I was cool as a cucumber.
"What the fuck is going on here? You!" He pointed at Travis. "Get the fuck out of my apartment!"
He dove for Travis and pulled him off the couch by his shoulders. Again, I was the casually thrown to the floor.
Really?
A few shoves back and forth and then a stare down.
Gathering myself up off the hardwood, I threw my hands to my side and stomped my foot.
"Luke, stop it!! What is wrong with you? Me and Travis are friends and you are being ridiculous!"
"This," he waved his hand from me to Travis, "doesn't look like friends. He doesn't have a fucking shirt on." He began pacing the room and cracking his knuckles.
I walked over to Travis and threw my arms around him and gave him a kiss. Open mouth with tongue. Surely Travis doesn't mind me using him for my own personal gain, right?
I whispered a "sorry" against his lips before turning to Luke.
"Well, Travis and I are friends with benefits. I know you wouldn't know much about that considering you only fuck sluts." I glanced at Tiffany and shrugged.
"Sorry sweetie." Staring back at Luke I added, "Because apparently, this friend," I pointed to myself, "isn't good enough to be fucked by you!!" I was yelling at the top of my lungs. The anger had been building along with frustration and jealousy and I couldn't hold it in anymore.
Pointing at Tiffany, who was officially pouting like a fucking toddler, I screamed, "What makes her so much better than me? Huh, Luke? Why am I not good enough for you?"
I grabbed Travis's hand and headed for my bedroom.
"You know what, don't answer that. I don't want to know." I stopped and walked back over to where he stood."But the one thing I do know is that this friendship is over. I can't be friends with you!! I hate you, Luke." Tears were now streaming down my face and my voice was getting weak.
I can be a little dramatic.
"I fucking hate you. You broke my heart and I can never get over it. I'm done." I dropped my hands to my sides and let the tears fall to the ground. He did this to me. I wanted him to remember me this way.
Ok. A lot dramatic.
A hand grabbed for mine and pulled me back. Travis' touch was welcome and comforting. I turned into him, letting him hug me.
"Shhhh. Stella. Come on. Let's get you to bed."
Nodding into his chest I let him lead me to my room.
He quietly shut the door. I silently stood in the middle of my room as he removed my throw pillows and turned down my comforter. His strong arms picked me up and carried my over to the cool, crisp sheets. I settled into fetal position as he covered me up.
I continued to cry into my pillow long after Travis had fallen asleep. He didn't touch me, but knowing he was there was a huge comfort.
He really was a great friend.No "benefits" required.
*******
The next morning, I typed out a text to Carson first thing as promised. I was in need of breakfast and I needed my brunch partner. When I was finished, my eyes wondered to the wonder lying next to me.
Holy hell.
Travis was one fine looking man. Seriously though. Why haven't I noticed him before? I propped myself up on my elbow and took him in. His tan skin looked so soft and my fingers begged for me to touch him. He lost the cover during the night and he was lying on his back. One hand behind his head and the other barely tucked into the waistband of his shorts. His face looked so relaxed. His jaw line was defined, accented with light stubble. His hair was long and a few strands fell in his face. It was the perfect mess on top of his head. He was gorgeous.
My phone vibrated, jolting me back to reality.
CARSON: Ok. Brunch it is. See ya at 10.
As I sat up on the edge of the bed, careful not to wake the sleeping beauty, I looked around my room. I needed to move out. But where? Carson had a nice place, but it only had one full bath. However, it was really my only option.I will have to talk to him about moving in over our bacon and pancakes. Living with Luke was no longer an option. Our friendship was officially ruined and being roommates would be too hard.
I tiptoed to the bathroom and jumped in the shower. I decided to take my time and shave, deep condition and exfoliate. Stepping out of the shower, I felt refreshed. Luke was not going to ruin my weekend.
My towel was wrapped around my head and my oversized robe made me feel like I was at the spa. Sleeping beauty was now awake when I went to my closet to retrieve some clothes.
"Good morning, Trav. Did you sleep well?"
His morning hair was adorable. And that chest and stomach, it was adorable as well.
He sat up, tucking one leg under the other.
"I have gotten the best sleep the last few nights." He gave me a crooked smile and then hopped up.
He followed me to my closet, standing in the doorway with both hands on the doorframe.
Gulp.
"Are you ok?" His voice was sweet and concerned.
"I'm fine. I just need to get out of this place. I can't be around Luke right now."
The thought made me sad. I miss Luke. My Luke.
"You can always stay at my place. I have plenty of room. A spare bedroom with a bathroom."
My face perked up just a bit. Shit, what kind of money did Richard pay him?
I shook my head to clear my mind. This had bad idea written all over it.
"I'll think about it. Thanks."
Changing the subject, I asked if he wanted to go to brunch and he eagerly accepted.
We both got changed and headed out.
The rest of Saturday was uneventful. The three of us hung out pretty much the entire day. Carson had our night all planned out but he wouldn't tell me. He just said to dress casual and meet him at his place at seven. Travis was coming along with a few of Carson's co-workers. Finally, a night without drama. It was welcome and much needed.
Luke wasn't home when I got here. Relieved, I grabbed a beer from the fridge and went to my room to get ready.
My black leather leggings would be comfortable and they make my legs look good. So, naturally I chose those. Slipping on my oversized sweater made the outfit complete. I threw my hair in a high ponytail and added my new red lipstick. Stopping in front of my mirror, I swung my ponytail side to side. I looked cute. Pleased with myself, I went downstairs and waited for Travis to pick me up.
Carson planned the best night ever! We started the night at one of my favorite restaurants. Once we were full and a little tipsy, we walked down the street to a karaoke bar. My favorite. Not because I could actually sing, because I couldn't carry a tune, but because I loved being on stage.
I put the microphone back on the stand and stepped down to my awaiting fans. Song number one from my set list...check.
Travis was smiling from ear to ear when I took the seat next to him.
"Well, that was interesting." He said it through a smile.
"Interesting? Or amazing?" I wiggled my eyebrows waiting for his answer.
I grabbed my vodka water and downed it. Singing and dancing was exhausting.
"Interesting."
I punched him in the arm and gave him a dirty look.
"Maybe you should get up there mister hot shot. Or are you too scared."I pinched his cheeks and shook his head back and forth.
Oh no. Not baby talk. The vodka is kicking in.
"Challenge accepted." He quickly stood up and made his way to the stage and whispered something in the karaoke guy’s ear.
I couldn't wipe my shocked expression from my face when "Can I get a…" started up.
Rapping Jay-Z is the key to my heart. FYI.
Every word. He knew every fucking word. And to make it worse, he had unbelievable stage presence. Catcalls were coming from all directions. I'm pretty sure if he kept going, a panty or two would be thrown. Once he was finished, he held the mic out with a stiff arm and just dropped it as if he just won a rap battle.
Carson and I were dying.
Who is this guy and what did he do with the quiet, shy Travis?
I stood up as he walked over and bowed with both hands, chanting, "we're not worthy, we're not worthy."
He grabbed me and kissed me on the cheek.
"Travis, that was awesome!I think you missed you're calling as a white rapper. Who knew you had so much talent?"
"That's not my only talent." He wiggled his eyebrows and gave me a wink.
I rolled my eyes.
"You guys ready to head out. I'm not sure any of us can top that performance."
Carson agreed.
"You want to stay with me, Stell?" Carson asked as he hugged me.
I guess that nickname is going to stick.
"No. But maybe tomorrow. Travis is going to take me home. I'll call you tomorrow. Maybe football and pizza?"
"Perfect."
A kiss on the lips, because that's how Carson and I do it, and we were gone.
"Shhhhh. We are going to get in trouble."
"Then stop making me laugh, Stella."
Travis had his arm around me as we made our way to my apartment. Fits of loud laughter kept escaping our lips. But we couldn't help it.
"And then you fucking dropped the mic like you were 2 Chainz and walked off. Who does that?"
I took out my key and opened the door. All the lights were off so I was hoping Luke was asleep.
"Shhhh. The bastard is sleeping. Want to come in?"
"I should probably go. I don't need to make a habit out of spending the night here."
I gave him my best puppy dog eyes and clapped my hands together, pleading.
He grabbed my face and lowered his.
"Come stay with me?"
"Maybe tomorrow?" I raised my eyebrow.
"Deal."
He kissed me on the cheek and walked away.
Closing the door, I rested my back against it. One thought in my mind.
Travis.
I snuck into the living room trying to be quiet as I walked towards my bedroom.
"Stella."
Holy fuck.
"Luke! Shit. You scared me to death. What the fuck are you doing sitting in the dark?"
I heard the ice clink in his glass as he took a sip before he spoke.
"Waiting for you." His voice was cold and distant.
Something isn't right.
"Well. I made it home. Thanks for waiting up for me but I'm tired."
I threw in a fake yawn and started for my room.
"Stella. Wait." He took one last drink and then sat his drink down.
The moonlight cast an eerie glow on him as he stood.
I stopped. My head was telling me to run, but I was frozen.
He slowly walked over to me.
"Where have you been?"
Not this again.
"Luke, don't. It's none of your business."
He stepped closer.
"It is my business. You are my business. Or did you forget that you belong to me?"
What?!
"I don't belong to anyone. Fuck off, Luke."
He grabbed my arm and held it tight. Too tight.
"Are you fucking Travis?"
"No. But what if I was?"
I tried to pull my arm from him but he was too strong.
"Luke, you’re hurting me. Let go."
My second attempt to gain my freedom only led to him grabbing my other arm.
He started kissing my neck and then moved to my mouth. His breath was hot and laced with whiskey.
"Stop it Luke!" I struggled against him. He smiled against my lips.
"Isn't this what want, Stella? For me to fuck you?"
He shoved me hard and I lost my balance and fell. My face hit the side of the coffee table and I immediately felt the blood trail down my cheek.
Son of a bitch.
I scrambled to my feet and tried to get to my room. He pushed me down again. Now on my stomach, Luke laid on top of me.
"Why are you fighting this?"
He flipped me over, straddling me. I caught a glimpse of him. This wasn't my Luke. His eyes were glazed over and haunting.
"Luke. Please stop it." The tears were coming and my voice was broken.I couldn’t catch my breath.
"Please." I beat on his chest. But he didn't budge. Panic was starting to creep in.
"Please? I like it when you beg." He grabbed the hem of my sweater and tore it over my head.
My body was going crazy, struggling for space. I needed to get away.
I managed to get a hand free and I slapped him as hard as I could. That only made him laugh.
"I like it rough." He said it in a whisper and I shivered at the tone.
What is happening?
He started to take my leggings off. I let him. I could use this time to gather my strength. I just needed to make it to the door.
Once I was left in my bra and panties, he stood over me. He wiped his nose as he took me in.
I knew that look.
"Luke, did you do coke?" He didn't answer but I knew.
Luke hasn't been on drugs in awhile but I could never forget the look in his eyes when he was strung out on drugs. But he never took his anger out on me.
He was still staring at me, in a daze.
This was my chance.
I quickly made it to my feet, but it wasn't long before I felt a swift blow to my face. The force knocked me into the wall but I kept going. He tackled me, but I slipped through his hands. I was frantically crawling to the front door. A hand grabbed my ankle and pulled me back with one fluid motion.
"Where the fuck are you going?" His nails dug into my back as he climbed up my body.
I was violently sobbing at this point and yelling for help.
He slapped me hard and told me to shut up.
"Luke!! Please. Please don't do this!!!" My voice was desperate as I begged him to let me go.
I managed to free a knee and made contact with his balls.
He cried out and I was now on my feet, running for the door.
I was yanked back by my hair and he pulled me all the way back down to the floor. My nails were digging into the hardwood, searching for any traction to help me fight.
Could no one hear me?
I continued kicking and punching him as hard as I could. It wasn't making a dent. And then, I connected with his nose. Before letting go, he hit me hard one last time across the face but then I was flinging the front door open. The light from the hallway washed over me like a safety blanket. I made it. As I was rounding the corner, my breath was knocked out of me as I stumbled into someone.
"Holy fuck!!! Stella?"
My head was flooded with darkness as I collapsed on the floor battered and bruised. I had no more fight left in me.
Warm arms enveloped me and it was then I realized I was only in my bra and panties.
Panic overwhelmed me and I resisted at first.
"Shhhhh. Stella. Calm down. Tell me what happened. Who did this?"
His voice was familiar and soothing.
"Travis. Please. Get me out of here." I could barely speak over my tears. My body ached.
"Stella. Who did this?" His voice more stern.
I didn't want to tell him. I didn't want to say it out loud. It was too hard. That wasn't my Luke. He would never do this to me. That was the old Luke. The one who did drugs and lost his temper. It had been years since I've seen that version of my best friend. I thought we moved past this. He was getting better. Rehab had worked the first time and he hasn't touched that stuff since. Not until tonight.
"Luke." It was barely above a whisper. Saying it out loud made it real. I clinched my stomach, willing myself not to get sick.
Anger washed over Travis as his body tensed.
"I'll be right back." His fists were drawn as he made his way down the hall.
"Nooooo!! Please. Travis. No. Just take me to Carson's."
I knew Travis had a martial arts background and was involved in some under ground fighting in college. He would teach Luke a much-needed lesson. But, I didn't want him to. I just wanted him to take me to Carson.
Travis stopped and looked into my pleading eyes. He seemed to relax a little and walked back towards me. Taking his jacket off, he covered me and then lifted me off the ground. He cradled me against his chest and I finally started to give in to my exhaustion. For a few minutes I will close my eyes and maybe when I wake up, this would have been a terrible nightmare...
If only.
Chapter Fifteen.
The bed dipped down as Carson sat beside me. My eyelids were so heavy that I kept them closed as he stroked my hair.
"Hey sweetie. You need anything?" His voice was low and comforting.
"A time machine?" I let out a small laugh followed by a whimper.
That hurt. My ribs were sore and any little movement was painful.
I lay there a little longer, letting him try and make me feel better. How did I even get here? Last night was such a blur once I made it out of the apartment. I vaguely remember seeing Travis and now I'm here.
"How did I get here?"
"Travis brought you. Thank God he left his phone in your purse or..." His voice trailed off not wanting to finish the sentence.
"That's why he came back?" I whispered through a grimace.
Now I remember him putting his phone in my purse when he went on stage to sing karaoke.
"Yeah. He said he made it all the way to his place before realizing it."
Carson reached for something and then held a Starbucks cup up to my face.
"I got you your favorite." He gave me a smile and I tried to match it but my lip was busted and that hurt too.
Slowly sitting up, I took the coffee in both hands and took a long sip. Ahhh. It felt so good going down. I motioned for Carson to come sit next to me. He placed his arm around me as I snuggled into his side. I began telling him what happened, starting with the fact that I thought Luke was back on drugs.
"When Luke and I first met, he was involved in some shady shit. Being a rich kid who always got what he wanted, he started venturing out into things he shouldn't. Just for the thrill of it and probably to gain the attention of his dad. He started hanging out with the wrong crowd and one thing led to another and he became an addict. A combination of coke and Xanax.
The change was gradual, but it was an obvious one. The once fun, out going Luke, became angry and very hot tempered. He got into bar fights all the time. Anytime someone looked at me wrong or tried to talk to me, he would lose it. Finally, after being arrested for assaulting someone in a bar and being in possession of drugs, his dad sent him to rehab. It worked. He was gone a month and came back as the old Luke. I was so relieved and happy. And he has been clean ever since. Up until last night."
Carson was hanging on to my every word. I hated the way he looked at me as I described the events of last night. It was rough reliving it and saying it out loud. But once I was done, I felt better.
I sat my coffee down and struggled to get myself up.
I am so sore.
"I'm going to get in the shower and maybe we can grab some lunch. Just me and you."
"Sounds good, sweetie. We can do whatever you want."
He kissed me on the forehead and left to give me some privacy.
I firmly planted my feet on the floor and pushed myself up to standing.
Shit.
Looking down, I noticed that I had on Carson's clothes. The thought of him and Travis seeing me in my bra and panties made me grimace.
How embarrassing.
Before leaving the room, I recognized my overnight bag in the corner. I was fist pumping as I made my way over there. Not literally fist pumping. But you get the idea.
How in the world did they get my stuff here?
The bag has everything I needed. A bra, some panties, toiletries and a change of clothes. Jeans and a sweater. This was perfect. I grabbed my bag and headed to the bathroom.
My fingers barely brushed the cut above my eye as I took in my reflection. I hardly recognized myself. The cut was small and shallow so it should heal without leaving a big scar. That was a relief. My left eye was black and my top lip was busted. My neck had bruises on it from where Luke grabbed me to hold me still.
Pulling off my tee shirt, I noticed bruises down my right side. I'm guessing that’s from when I hit the wall. My body was battered but my heart hurt the most.
Tears rolled down my cheeks as I continued to survey the damage. I wasn't this person. A weak, fragile girl who still loved someone who could do this. No! I was not going to be that girl.
Fuck Luke.
He didn't deserve me. He never will. Luke will not exist in my world.
I'm done.
The shower was refreshing and much needed. I gently put my clothes on and went to find Carson. I was starving and noticed it was almost noon when I looked at the clock.
No wonder.
There was a glass of water and some pain medicine waiting for me in the kitchen.
Damn, I love Carson.
I took a seat on the stool and waited. My thoughts were everywhere. How was I going to get my stuff? Seeing Luke was not an option. I would need to let Richard know I was quitting. I could not be involved in that business anymore. I no longer needed the money and I wanted to move on.
Where was I going to live? Carson said I could stay here, but for how long? He would soon grow tired of me and I didn't want to hinder him from his dating life and his other friends. Even though l hated to admit it, his life didn’t revolve around me.
"You ready?" He took my arm and helped me off the stool like I was a child.
I quickly gave him a hug and held him tight.
"Thank you so much for taking care of me. What would I do without you? I love you." I held him a little longer as he rubbed my back.
"Stella, I would do anything for you. I want to fuck Luke up for what he did to you but I'm pretty sure Travis will do enough damage for both of us."
Shit. Travis.
I pulled back. I needed to thank Travis. I reached for my phone and dialed his number.
"Stella?" I could hear the pity in his voice and I hated it. I was uncomfortable with being "handled with care".
"Travis." I started crying out of nowhere.
There was a long pause and then I continued.
"How can I ever thank you enough for saving me last night? I've never been so happy about your forgetfulness." We both let out a small laugh.
"I'm just so sorry I didn't get there sooner." He took and deep breath and then slowly let it out.
"I told Richard."
Oh no!
"Why?"I was a bit surprised.
"Because. I went to your place this morning to beat the shit out of Luke and when I got there the place was a disaster. The lamps were thrown on the floor, shit was broken everywhere.I found Luke in your bed, passed out."
I gasped at the thought. What was he doing in my bed?
He continued.
"So, I woke him up with a swift back hand to the face."
My hand flew to my mouth.
"Travis!"
"Stella. He deserved a hell of a lot more. I cussed him out and told him to stay away from you. I gathered a few of your things and left him there. But I called Richard and told him to send him back to rehab."
Glancing down at my clothes, I smiled thinking about Travis going to get my things.
"Is he going?"
"I think so."
"Stella, are you ok? I wanted to kill him last night. He didn't..."
I cut him off.
"No!!! He didn't touch me...like that."
A sigh of relief came from him and I could tell he wanted to say more but didn't.
"Maybe you could come over tonight. Carson and I are ordering pizza and watching Homeland." I was practically begging him.
"I'll bring the beer. See ya tonight."
Carson was watching me as I put my phone away.
"What?" I looked at him curiously.
"Nothing."
"That look doesn’t say ‘nothing’. Spit it out, Carson."
We started walking towards the door.
"You and Travis? Now, you two are a cute couple."
"A cute couple of friends. And that's all. I don't like him like that. He's like my big brother. And we have already established I'm against incest." He rolled his eyes and took my hand.
"Whatever Stella. I guess you are gonna go for Warner now?"
"I was thinking about it. It's been a while since I've chased after someone. But, I'm always up for a challenge. "
I gave him a wink as we hopped in the cab.
With Luke out of the picture, I could focus on making Warner fall for me.
But how?
*******
My alarm yelled at me way earlier then I wanted. I wanted to flip Monday off. Sunday had been a great day of rest and now it was time to get back to reality.
Groaning against my pillow, I rolled over with caution. I was still a bit sore but feeling better than yesterday.
I put my makeup on a little thicker than normal trying to cover up my black eye. I cocked my head to the side and curled my lip up. Oh yeah. I looked like a badass. Black eye and busted lip. Check and check. Two qualifications every badass needs.
My neck needed to be covered so I picked out a high neck shirt and tucked it into my high waisted suit pants. I added my pumps and overcoat. Perfect. I left my hair down in loose waves and put on my red lipstick trying to hide my busted lip and to take attention away from my black eye. My oversized sunglasses also helped with that.
"Are you sure you want to go to work? I'm sure Victoria would understand if you missed today." Carson handed me a to-go cup and lifted my chin to check my face.
"I can't stay here all day and feel sorry for myself. What's done is done and I'm moving on. If it's too much, I promise I'll leave early."
Satisfied with my answer, he took my hand as we walked downstairs.
Carson had a meeting at a client’s office, so he had the cab drop me off first. I didn't really want to go up by myself but I didn't want Carson to have to get out either.
I stepped into the empty elevator and breathed a sigh of relief. Leaning my head against the wall, I conjured up a few different scenarios to tell if I needed to. As the doors were finally closing, a suit-clad arm came between them, opening them back up. I rolled my eyes behind my sunglasses.
I looked up just in time to see Warner and Mark step in, making a Stella sandwich.
"Good morning, Stella." Warner was the first to speak.
"Good morning, boys." I tried to sound cheerful but I'm pretty sure it came out bitter.
"Long weekend?" Mark's turn to speak.
"You could say that."
Please stop talking to me.
"I see you're your usual bitchy self on this Monday morning. Too cool to take off your sunglasses?" Warner stuck his hands in his pockets and had a smug grin on his face.
I was going to enjoy wiping it off his pretty little face.
I stood in front of him and slowly removed my sunglasses.
"Let's just say my weekend was a little rougher than yours, asshole."
His smile quickly faded as his eyes roamed over my black eye, down to my busted lip.
He was silent.
Mark spoke up.
"Holy fuck."
I looked at Mark and shrugged.
"You should see the other guy." A small laugh escaped me as they both just stared.
"Ok. That’s enough show and tell." I returned my glasses and stepped closer to the front of the elevator not wanting to talk to them about it.
As soon as the doors opened, I bolted to my office.
"Stella wait."
Nope. Just keep walking.
My feet moved faster as the sight of my office came into view.
"Stella!"
His hand carefully grabbed mine, making sure not to scare me.
I slowed my pace and let him catch up.
"Mr. Jones?" Surprised that it wasn't Mark following me.
"Please call me Warner."
"Ok. What can I do for you, Warner?"
We had reached my office and I immediately walked behind my desk, creating some much needed space.
I shrugged off my coat along with my suit jacket. Warner's eyes went wide as he gazed down my arm.
Shit. My shirt is sleeveless.
Quickly pulling my suit blazer back on, I powered up my computer and took a seat.
"What was on your arm?"
Flashes of Luke holding my arm went through my mind. His grasp left a hand shaped bruise around my bicep.
"Nothing. Let's just say me and a flight of stairs didn't see eye to eye."
"You fell down the stairs?" He didn't believe me.
"Yes. I'm clumsy. What can I say?"
He took a seat in one of the chairs in front of my desk and rested his ankle on the opposite thigh.
"I've got all morning, Stella. Tell me what happened."
"Well congratulations, Warner. But I don't. Some of us have work to do. And why do you even care? You were a first class dick in the elevator until you saw my face. So, sorry if I don't feel like opening up to you."
He strummed his chin through his finger and thumb as if he had a beard and was in deep thought.
"Who did this to you?" His voice was a bit more direct as he stared at me with those eyes. The ones that were the worst color of Caribbean blue.
"His name was The Stairs. I blame my new Manolo's and my inherited clumsiness."
He stood and placed both hands on my desk. I didn't look up. I kept my head down as I felt him getting closer.
He gently tilted my chin up and moved my head from side to side, looking over every inch.
"Did you get in a fight over some boy at a bar?"
I swatted his hand off my face.
"Seriously? Fuck off. I don't fight other girls. And I definitely don't fight over boys. Please leave."
He stepped back.
"Carson will tell me."
"No he won't."
A tall figure in the doorway caught my eye.
When I made eye contact with him, my heart sank. My whole body tensed as I stood. Warner noticed and looked back.
Luke stood there with three dozen white roses.
I wanted to scream for him to get out but I just stood there. His cheek was bruised from where I'm sure Travis hit him. He still didn't look as bad as me.
Bastard.
Warner looked back at me and I could see that he had put two and two together. He face was on fire and his eyes were full of rage.
"Warner, I'll come to your office later. Please excuse us." My eyes pleaded with him to go quietly.
He buttoned his suit jacked and smoothed it down before turning and leaving.
"Leave it open." It came out stern but I didn't want to be in here alone with the door closed. Not with Luke.
First, I removed my jacket, wanting Luke to see my bruises. Then, I walked around and rested against the front of my desk, arms crossed.
He walked slowly towards me.
Once he was five feet from me I raised my hand.
"That's far enough. What do you want, Luke? You shouldn't be here."
It was hard to keep it together. All I wanted to do was punch him in the face and kick him in the balls. At this moment, I hated him.
His expression changed when he studied my face. As if he was in pain, he moved from my cut, to my black eye, down to my busted lip and finally resting on my arm.
"Stella," he took a deep breath. "I'm so sorry. Please. You have to believe me."
He took another step.
I closed my eyes, willing myself to stay strong.
"Please Stella. Come home. I'll make it up to you. We can get through this. You are my life. My best friend. Please forgive me." He was begging but it was falling on deaf ears.
Forgiveness, maybe. But I could never forget.
"Luke. That's not my home anymore. I'm moving out. Travis and Carson are getting my things today. I don't want anything to do with you."
He moved closer but I stopped him.
"Do you even remember what you did?" I yanked my collar down to show him my neck.
"These are from where you had me in a choke hold as you ripped off my pants." My voice cracked and I could feel my tears gathering.
I untucked my shirt, revealing my purple and blue ribs.
"This. This is where you punched me in the face and I fell into the wall."
My anger was taking over and I felt like I was outside my body.
"This," I circled my finger around my face, "this is where you pushed me into the coffee table, this is where you punched me and this is where my face hit the floor after you tackled me." I was in a full sob and half that conversation came out in a whisper.
He dropped the roses to the floor and fell to his knees.
Was he fucking crying?
"Get the fuck out of my office. I don't want your tears or your sympathy. Only a fucking loser hits a girl. I loved you Luke. But not anymore."
I started walking towards the door when he grabbed me around my waist.
"Please Stella. Don't leave me. I can't lose you. I'll do anything. Please."
He was crying into my stomach, holding me. But I was numb. I felt nothing for him anymore.
I peeled his hands off of me and left him there as I went to find Carson. If he wasn't there, I could at least hangout in his office.
"Carson. Luke is in my fucking office.Can you believe he would show his face after what he did to me?" I took a seat on his couch waiting for him to turn around.
"I mean. Who hits girls? I wanted to kick his ass. I'm just sad that Travis didn't do more damage. Luke got bitch slapped and he beat the shit out of me. Doesn't really seem like justice. But. Oh well. So. Anyway. Want to go to lunch today?"
He slowly turned in his chair, and I was staring at Warner, not Carson.
"Fuck. What are you doing in Carson's chair?"
"Waiting for him."
What are the chances he didn't hear a word I said?
I quickly got on my feet.
Curious. I turned and asked, "Why are you waiting for Carson?"
"Because I was going to ask him about you."
I threw my hands up.
"I guess you don't have to now. I just told you everything. But please don't make it a big deal. I'm already humiliated enough. Can we just stick to the stairs story?"
He crossed the room in a few strides and was now standing painfully close.
He tugged the hem of my shirt.
"May I?"
I nodded.
He cautiously raised it a few inches, revealing my discolored skin.
Feeling a bit shy, I pushed my shirt down and stepped back.
He took a step closer.
His fingers traced my jaw and over my lip. My breath hitched and I stood still. I couldn't move if I wanted to.
And I didn't want to.
His hand moved to the cut above my eye and then he tucked a loose piece of hair behind my ear. His hand went down to my collar as he tugged it down. He gently brushed the marks on my neck and then led a finger down my arm over the last of my wounds.
He leaned in and his nose brushed against my ear. My eyes closed at the contact.
"I'm going to kill him." The promise in his voice sent a shiver down my spine.
Chapter Sixteen.
Warner felt good pressed up against me. His scent overwhelmed my senses and his touch did unmentionable things to me. He traced my jaw with his finger before resting it on the cut above my eye. My body relaxed at his touch. With my eyes still closed, he lightly kissed it. Then he moved down to my eye and finally landed on my lip. He stayed there, lingering for a moment. I broke the contact, scared of where it would lead.
"I can't have you going to jail. Who would run your empire?"
I reached up and gently ran my fingers through his hair and then down his cheek.
"But I appreciate the offer." I patted him on the back and went to collect my phone off the table. No need and sticking around and making out with him in Carson's office.
I glanced at the couch thinking we could both fit comfortably on it if one of us was on top.
I snapped myself out of it.
Although Warner's concern was appreciated, I wasn't really ready to talk to him about it.
"Stella, have lunch with me?" It came out in a jumble of words.
Was Mr. Jones nervous?
"I can't. I have lunch plans already." I shrugged as I turned and walked toward the door.
Operation "play-hard-to-get" was in full effect.
"Then how about tomorrow?"
Persistent isn't he?
"Let me check my schedule and I'll get back to you."
As I walked out the door I couldn't help but smile from ear to ear.
The day went by in a flash. I had a lot of work that needed to be done considering I missed all last week. Victoria was still helping with the fashion week party so I was assisting her as much as I could.
We wentover the guest list, seating, decor and food. So, I guess we were pretty much doing everything.
At five, I headed to Carson's office so we could leave together.
"Hey you. Sorry I missed lunch today. I'll make it up to you." He walked around his desk and kissed my forehead.
"That's ok. I stayed in my office all day. I had a lot of shit on my plate."
His eyes went wide as he let out a small laugh.
"I'm happy I missed lunch then."
I punched him in the arm.
"A lot of stuff ... You know what? Never mind. You know what I meant."
"So," he grabbed my hand and we walked towards the elevators, "take-out and some tv?"
"Yes. Please."
We spent the night on the couch in our pajamas eating out of cardboard cartons and catching up on our recorded shows. I could definitely get used to this.
********
The next morning when I didn't run into Warner at Starbucks or in the elevator, I found myself extremely disappointed. When I arrived at my desk, a note was placed on top of my keyboard. It was written on expensive stationary.
Stella,
Please accept my apology. I can't have lunch with you today. Next week perhaps.
Look forward to seeing you soon.
-Warner
Carson said he had an emergency meeting on the West Coast and wouldn't be back until the night of the party.
All week I missed seeing him in the office.
Did he miss seeing me?
My appearance was suffering since I had no one to look good for. It's funny how the thought of seeing him helped me get out of bed in the morning.
*******
The party was in two days and Carson and Travis promised to be my plus two. I didn't want to choose who to take so I begged Victoriafor an extra ticket. Supposedly this was an extremely exclusive event, but she scored it for me anyway.
"Well boys. We need to go shopping."
Carson's face lit up and Travis gave an unenthusiastic sigh.
"Travis, don't be such a baby. Get in there and try some shit on." I kicked him in the ass with the side of my foot.
"Ok. Ok. I'm going."He gave me a go-t0-hell look and listened like a good boy.
Carson was done in about 15 minutes. Travis, on the other hand, well, that was a bit of a challenge.
"I'm not going." Travis yelled throughthe dressing room door.
Me and Carson were laughing so loud I'm sure the rest of the customers were extremely annoyed.
"Travis. Are you throwing a tantrum in your man panties? What is the problem?" My voice mocked him.
"It's fucking hard."
We laughed louder.
"That's what she said!!"
"Jinx!"
We slapped each other on the arm and waited for Travis to emerge.
He flung the door open and stood there, shoulders slumped.
"Stand straight." I ordered.
He corrected his posture and Carson and I passed our judgment.
The black suit pants fit snugly over his tight, fit frame. His black button up shirt was left open at the top and his jacket draped perfectly over his broad shoulders.
"Well hello there, Johnny Cash."
He flipped me off and started to close the door.
"Wait! I was kidding. Not really. But seriously. You look so handsome. That's the winner." I clapped my hands and then shooedhim away.
"Hand them to me when you get them off and I'll have them rung up. Its my treat."
He peeked his head out and shook it in disapproval.
"Travis. I will not budge on this. I'm buying this for you and I'm buying Carson's too. It's the least I can do. Gimme." I stuck my hand out waiting.
He handed them over reluctantly.
"We are going to find you a girlfriend at the party, Travis. You are way too hot to be single."
"I'll help with that." Carson popped out of the other dressing room with an arm load of clothes.
"I don't need help." Travis was buttoning his shirt as he opened the door.
"Oh. Are you dating someone?" I asked innocently with slight sarcasm.
"No."
"Exactly."
He rolled his eyes and put his arm around me.
"Ok. I'll let you play matchmaker."
"You won't regret this."
Now, if I could only play matchmaker with me and Warner.
*******
The day of the party finally arrived and I was running around like a crazy person. Clad in everything Nike, I was in total bitch mode. Maybe it was my clipboard or my name badge, but I felt powerful. If only I had a walkie talkie.
We had a schedule to keep and I was desperate to be out of here by four so I could go home and get ready. I still had to get my nails done and pick up my outfit from alterations.
I sighed to myself thinking about the amazing vintage piece I found for tonight. Warner wouldn't be able to ignore me. Not tonight.
I continued barking out orders throughout the day. When everything reached a lull and I was no longer needed, I made my exit.
Carson was already home when I got there. I didn't know who was more excited. Carson or a kid on Christmas eve.
"You're dressed?" I glanced at my watch.
"It's only five.The party doesn't start until seven and we are definitely going to be fashionably late."
I shook my head and laughed.
He shrugged his shoulders as he chugged his beer.
As I reached my room, I hung up my "little slice of heaven", making sure it wouldn't wrinkle, and then made my way down the hall to the shower.
I really needed my own bathroom.
My hair was dry and my make up was applied. I created an extra smoky eye and kept the rest of my face simple. I added a few fake eyelashes for extra oomph. I pulled my hair into a high, sleek ponytail.
It was like a light shining from above as I removed the vintage Gucci jumpsuit. Ok. I'm beinga bit dramatic but I so loved this new addition to my wardrobe. I found it at a vintage store in Brooklyn. It was like winning the lottery.
The cream jumpsuit was haltered with a plunging deep V that dropped to my waist while the pants hugged my thighs all the way down to just above my ankle. My back was completely bare. I felt incredibly sexy.
In cheerleader fashion, I swung my ponytail from side to side as I checked myself out in the mirror. Two finger guns and a wink to myself later, I left my room laughing.
Such a nerd.
When I rounded the corner into the kitchen, I was met with two of the most handsome men in New York.
I let out a long whistle and a "holy shit" as I studied my two dates.
"My, my, my." I shook my head side to side. "I'm one lucky bitch." I nudged them both as I reached for a wine glass. Just a little liquid courage to get the night started. I haven't seen Warner all week and I was starting to get an unwelcome nervousness in my chest.
Maybe I'll ask him out tonight?
Maybe not.
Maybe.
Travis opened the door for me and Carson climbed in the front.
"Hey? What are doing?" I questioned Carson as he clicked on his seatbelt.
"Riding shot gun."
"Obviously stupid. But why?"
"I'm not going to make Travis drive us around like a chauffeur. That just feels weird."
I shrugged.
"Fair enough."
Everyone must have had the same idea about being fashionably late. The valet line was long, but it gave me time to do a little people watching. Everyone was dressed impeccably. No attention to detail missed. Not tonight. All the women looked beautiful in their designer duds and the men made very handsome accessories.
As Travis opened the door, flashes went off. Much different than last time, a few yelled out my name. I placed the boys on both sides as we posed in front of the step and repeat wall.
I silently laughed to myself as Carson posed and Travis' entire body grew tense. I patted his arm, coaxing him to relax.
We made our way to the bar and ordered our first drinks.
I really needed to limit myself tonight.
Two whiskeys and one vodka water later, we found our table and took a seat.
"Wow. Stella, this place looks amazing."
Feeling proud of myself, I clanked Travis' glass and thanked him. It really did look beautiful. I gave myself an invisible pat on the back as I leaned against my chair.
Stirring my vodka with my straw I gave Carson the look and we both turned to survey the floor.
"How about her?"
"Nah. She has a big nose." I made a gesture as if I was drawing a large nose on my face. Carson gave me a glare.
"What? She does. Plus, Travis deserves prettier."
I tipped my glass up.
"She's beautiful."
"Ugh. If you like short and stalky." He puffed his face out and bulked up his shoulders.
I gave him my best shocked face before laughing.
"We are both going to hell."
Travis clearedhis throat.
"Umm guys. I'm sitting right here."
Ignoring him, we continued to pick apart every girl we saw.
I instantly stopped my search.
My eyes followed an extremely beautiful blond as she walked into the room. Her long, wavy hair looked like she belonged on the beaches of California. And her tan made it seem as if that was exactly where she was from. Her face was gorgeous. Piercing blue eyes and full, pouty lips.
Shit. I want to date her.
Her cream dress was strapless, shaping her curves all the way to her hips before flowing effortlessly down to the floor.
"Her." They both followed my gaze and then in unison dropped there jaws to the floor.
I joined them. No need in being left out.
As we were staring at her like a bunch of freaks, she made eye contact with someone across the room. A smile spread across her face. It was like watching a movie. What was about to happen? Did she just connect with the love her life from across the room? This was all so romantic.
All three of us followed her every movement as she walked gracefully to her awaiting date.
I gasped. And I think it was out loud. But I didn't care.
It was suddenly hard to breath. My chest tightened andmy smile quickly disappearedas she wrapped her arms around him and he kissed her fully on the lips. Even though his back was to me. I knew.
I knew that was Warner.
I could see it in the way Carson's whole body stiffened. He knew. Without saying a word, he got up and went to get another round of drinks.
Number two.
So much for pacing myself.
I continued to torture myself as I watched him tuck her hair behind her ear. My eyes fell on her hand as she clutched his forearm and and threw her head back and laughed at something funny he said.
I blinked twice.
Was this is slow motion?
I'm sure what he said was stupid and not funny at all.
She's not that pretty. She probably has cellulite.
He's not devastatingly handsome. I bet his dick is small and he's a terrible lay.
Plus he's too old for me. 30? That's fucking ancient.
Money is the root of all evil. Who needs it?
I glanced down at my hands as they gripped my fresh drink and those thoughts rolled through my mind. Who was I fucking kidding?
She's gorgeous and I'm sure cellulite free. He's beautiful. So damn beautiful.30 isn't that old. It's the perfect age. I bet he's huge and an excellent lay.My mouth went dry at that thought. And everyone needs money. He just happens to have millions. 
Ugh.
Pissed off, I brought myself to standing. I needed some fresh air.
I excused myself from my boys and made my way outside. Carson gave me a knowing look. I waved him off. I wanted to me by myself. I picked up my third drink and let the cold night air wash over my body as I stood on the balcony.
"Hey Stella. Want some company?"
Not really.
I smiled through my feelings.
"Sure."
Mark hesitated before taking a step forward.
"I don't bite." I motioned for him to come closer. Plus, I needed his body to block the wind.
"You look stunning. You really know how to work a pantsuit."
Oh dear Lord.
I let a small laugh escape.
"One. Only people over 60 call them pantsuits. So...." I arched my brow at him. "And two. You have got to work on your pick up lines." I shook my head before placing one hand on his shoulder. I briefly remember having this conversation with him the other night. As Samantha.
"Seriously? We need to step up your game."
He laughed and rolled his eyes.
"Oh. Because you have so much game?"
Crossing his arms, he challenged me with his eyes.
I put my hands up in surrender.
"Ok. Ok. You got me. No game here. But I'm a good coach. You know, being a woman and all." I waved my hands over my body as his eyes followed.
He shrugged out of his jacket and placed it over my shoulders.
"This is a start." I patted his cheek and stood back and stared at him.
"What?" He asked, trying to read me.
"I'm just wondering why you are single? Any girl would be lucky to have you." I clutched jacket closer to my chest as the wind picked up.
He tilted my chin up.
"Any girl?"
Oh no.
I fake coughed a little bit.
Works like a charm.
"Can we go back inside. It's really cold." I shivered once and he put his arm around me as he guided me in.
One uncomfortable moment exchanged for another.
Once I shimmied out of Mark's jacket, I handed it back to him and watched as he put it back on. He really wore a suit well.
I giggled to myself.
"What's so funny?" He cocked his head to the side.
"I was just thinking how well you wear a pantsuit."
He nudged me in the shoulder and we both laughed.
Why couldn't I like Mark?
And my question was answered as I met a pair of blue eyes.
A bolt of electricity shot through my body as I stared at Warner. But as a small, slender hand slithered up and over his shoulder, a new feeling came over me.
Jealousy.
"Mark. Introduce me to your beautiful date." Her voice was soft and sounded like a church choir.From Australia.
Of course it did.
Before Mark had time to respond with a "she's not my date", I pushed forward and extended my hand to hers.
"I'm Stella. It's so nice to meet you." I glanced over.
"Mr. Jones." I nodded at him. "It's nice to see you again." My tone flat.
I grabbed Mark's hand and tried to get him on the same page.
"Mark and I were just about to head to the dance floor. It was so nice to meet you...?"
"Elle."It came out in song.
Are we in a musical?
Elle. I repeated it in my head with a
fake, exaggerated Australian accent. I hope my face didn't mimic my thoughts.
Mark walked in front of me to get us more drinks.
"What are you doing?" Warner grabbed my arm and I winced as he squeezed the same spot Luke did.
I glared at his hand and he immediately let go.I didn't owe him an explanation.
His eyes met mine but I kept my body away from him.
Over my shoulder I whispered.
"Your girlfriend seems lovely." Before he could say anything, Mark came back and handed me my drink, number four, and grabbed my other hand.
I needed to be cut off soon.
Warner'sface tightened but I didn't care.
We stopped at my table so I could put my drink down. Carson was talking to some guys from work and I found Travis on the dance floor talking to a beautiful blond. When we made eye contact I gave him a thumbs up.
"Do you know him?" Mark was standing beside me, close.
"Yeah. That's one my best friends, Travis. He's one of my dates tonight."
He looked at me curiously.
"Dates? Plural?"
I smiled. I'm sure that did sound ridiculous.
"I brought my best friends. Carson." I pointed to him as he talked animatedly to a group of guys. "He works for you." I nudged him like he should know that fact.
"And Travis." I looked over at him again as he stole a kiss from the mystery blond.
Atta boy.
"Why? Do you know Travis?"
He took a sip of his drink, thinking.
"He looks familiar. I feel like I've seen him before. What does he do?"
He was my driver when you hired me, I thought.I knew Mark would never admit to hiring a professional escort, but I needed to end the conversation.
"What does it matter?" I was irritated by his 21 questions.
" I guess it doesn't." He sat his drink down and reached for me.
"Shall we?"
I gave in and let him drag me to the dance floor.
Of course Warner and Elle were dancing too. It took everything I had not to stare at them the whole time.
"You like him?"
His question caught me off guard and I slowed a bit.
"My brother. You like him?"
I tore my eyes from Warner and looked up at Mark.
"Guilty."
I rested my check on his shoulder and let out a sigh.
"But it doesn't matter. He obviously doesn't like me. If only I looked more like her."
"Her" being Elle. All 5 foot 10 inches of her.Blond, tan and gorgeous.
He stops dancing. He places both hands on my face, gently.
"Why in the world would you want to look like her? When you look like this."
I pulled away and took a glance down at myself and then back at her.
"Oh I don't know. Because she looks like a super model. And well...I don't." My lips turned up into a fake smile and I shrugged like I didn't care.
But I did care. I would never be thin like that. I would always have curves. It was my curse.
He stepped closer, holding both my hands. It felt oddly comfortable.
"Seriously. You need to know that you are beautiful. Actually,the most beautiful woman I've ever met."
Now he was so close, I could feel warmth radiating off his body. I broke the tension.
"Wow. Now that's game. The student has become the teacher." He smiled, his body gently brushing against mine. His hands finding my waist.
But, he wasn't Warner.
He could read it on my face and he took a step back.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. It's just that I gravitate toward you. I know you like Warner and I respect your choice." His eyes filled with sadness and my heart broke just a little.
"I'm sorry Mark. I don't want to lead you on. I really enjoy your company and I hope we can be friends."
I stuck my hand out.
He rubbed his palms down his face and then reached out his hand.
I hesitated.
"Once we shake, there is no going back. Is that understood?" I tried to sound serious.
"Friends." We shook.
"Friends."
By the end of the night, we were all sitting at the table laughing and telling stories. How was I so lucky to be surrounded by all these hunks.
Finishing off drink number, I counted on my fingers, 1,2...6.
Oh shit.
"I've got to go." I blurted out, interrupting Travis' story.
I stood, pushing my chair back a little harder than intended.
My legs were a little shaky. I placed my palms on the table to steady myself.
"Shit. I'm drunk." I didn't mean to say that aloud.
Travis stood and offered me his hand.
"I can go get the car." I looked over at the pretty blond that he was sitting by.
"You sweet boy. I'm not going to cock block you." I leaned in and whispered in his ear.
"And one of us should get laid."
He laughed and I fake cried.
"Why can't it be me? My other date is gay so I guess sex isn't in the cards for me tonight.
"I heard that." Carson looked up with a smile.
Carson stood to take over for Travis. Was this my life now? These two boys always taking care of me?
"Carson, stay. I can call a cab." He kept coming.
"Please. Stay and have fun. Maybe you can get laid too."
I let out a breath.
"Mark. Can you walk me downstairs?"
"I thought you'd never asked. I feel honored to be third choice." Sarcasm laced his tone.
"Shut up. You're new to the group."
I wrapped my hand around the crock of his elbow and let him lead me downstairs.
He removed his keys from his front pocket.
As they came into focus, I looked up at him.
"You drove?"
"What? You didn't?"
I shook my head and laughed.
"Unbelievable. You really are perfect."
He mumbled something under his breath that sounded a lot like " but I'm not Warner."
His shoulders sagged as he jogged towards his car.
Chapter Seventeen.
Shaping my mouth into an "O", I blew into the cold night air. I then held up my fingers, pretending to smoke. I couldn't resist. I don't care what people say, smoking made you look cool.
It was freezing and Mark seemed to be taking forever. Tired of waiting, I went back into the lobby and waited inside.
A warm hand brushed against my back and I turned into those all too familiar blue eyes.
"Ugh. What do you want?" My voice was filled with disgust.
By the look on his face, my bluntness took him by surprise.
"Does Elle know where you are?" I said the last statement with an Australian accent. Thank God I didn't add "mate" at the end.
"She left." His eyes were dark and burning.
I jutted out my bottom lip. "You bored her to death?Shocker. I imagined you having so much in common. I had high hopes for the two of you."I then patted him on the back.
Oh my gosh. Stop talking.
My drunk banter was coming out so...immature.
I turned my back to him and locked my lips with an imaginary key.
What is happening??
I continued looking for Mark.But what does he drive?
Warner stepped closer. My body responding to his movement.
"Boring? I can be quite funny, you know."
I rolled my eyes.
"According to who? To you? It doesn't count if you have to tell people you'refunny. You know what that means?" I paused looking him in the eye. "It means that you're not funny. It's like telling people you'resmart or in good shape. It should be obvious without talking about it."
His lips turned up into a smile showing off his perfect teeth.
"What does your brother drive?" I was on my tiptoes looking for any sign of him.
"Why?" His tone serious.
"Because he's giving me a ride home."
He didn't say anything and then I heard him on the phone.
"I'll take her home. Yes I'm sure. Ok. Thanks."
Did Mark just pass me off?
"Now you're riding with me."He sounded triumphant.
He grabbed my hand, signaled to someone and a door opened as we got closer to a black Mercedes. He helped me in and then ran to the other side. I sunk into the luxurious leather seats, resting against the headrest.
I was at that point of vodka induced sleepiness. You know, that point where your eyes will no longer stay open.
I think I was talking but I had no idea what I was saying. I'm pretty sure I was telling Warner how to get to Carson's. He said something about how he wasn't going to let me stay there by myself.
"Whatever..."
Cue alcohol coma.
Sweat was forming on the back of my neck as I glanced around the unfamiliar room. Not moving anything but my eyes, I studied the massive room trying to jog my foggy memory. The black out curtains were drawn over what looked like floor to ceiling windows. The sheets were expensive and crisp. In the darkness, that's all I could observe.
I really did miss my calling as a detective.
Step one. Think.
Who did you leave with?
I vaguely remember Mark walking me outside. I was waiting for him... My mind was moving in slow motion.
Shit.
My body sat upright in one swift motion.
Warner!
I left with Warner. My hands felt my body, double checking if I had clothes on.
The cotton of the tee shirt was so soft.
I let out a sigh of relief. My bare legs felt smooth against the high thread count sheets.
I lifted the sheets and then slammed them back down.
No pants.
I felt panicked. Of course this would be the time nature called.
Thinking about my next move, my eyes darted around the room.
Where was the bathroom?
Eeeny, meeny, miney... Jackpot.
I threw the covers back and recoiled my feet as soon as they hit the cold concrete floor. I eased them back down and stood slowly. Tugging the hem of Warner's tee shirt down, I found my way to the bathroom.
Sitting on the toilet, I envied the large space that was Warner's master bath. His large tub was sunken into the floor. Five steps lead to the bottom. Five. I counted. The shower head hung from the ceiling. There was a steam room. That's a bit excessive. But who was I to judge? Two sinks sat across from each other. You couldn't tell which one he used. Yikes. He was a neat freak. Emphasis on freak.
I reluctantly looked in the mirror.
Whoa. Nope. No one can see me like this.
I searched the bathroom for some face wash and was rewarded with a whole slew of face products.
I washed away the long night and chanced another look in the mirror. The Visine burned but it was worth having clear eyes. I found a new toothbrush and brushed my teeth.My ponytail needed to be redone and voilà. Despite my effort, I still looked like shit.
Oh well.
I don't expect a guy like Warner to like me when he could have girls like Elle.
Was it possible to talk about her without the accent?
Nope.
I padded out of the bedroom and down the hallway in search of Warner.
Once in the living room, I found him laying on the couch in nothing more than some baggy sweats. That's it. Low, slung baggy sweats. His legs were crossed at the ankle and one hand rested behind his head. His black rimmed glasses rested on top of the Wall Street Journal that laid folded on his bare chest.
He looked much younger in his sleep, with his face relaxed. He was so handsome. My eyes roamed over his body. His frame was long and lean. His chest was chiseled and his abs were well defined but not in a bulky, massive way. He had more of a runners body. Sculpted but not overbearing.
His eyes flickered open and his lips formed a smile as he worked his gaze over my bare legs, up to my mouth and then finally meeting my stare.
Busted.
"Hey you." His voice was sleepy and husky. He gave a little stretch and my eyes lowered to his stomach.
"Hey." I said shyly.
As he sat up, he motioned for me to come over.
I closed the distance between us, standing between his parted legs. His hair looked freshly slept in and I loved how wild it was. So different from the office. He rested his forehead on my stomach and placed his hands on the back of my thighs.
A gasp escaped me, not prepared for the touch of his hands on my skin. My body stood still.His hands slowly traveled up my legs. My fingers found his hair and I closed my eyes at the feel of his hands making their way further north.
"I've wanted to touch your legs since the first day I saw you."
He pulled back and he looked up at me as if asking for permission to continue his explorations.
I gently pushed on his chest until he was leaned against the back of the couch.
As seductively as I could, (which is probably zero seduction) I straddled him causing the hem of my shirt to raise up exposing more than I usually do. Or am comfortable with.
This was way out of my comfort zone.
I grabbed his face and lowered my lips to his. His hands pushed up under my shirt, caressing my bare skin. I pulled back briefly and then lightly brushed soft kisses on his cheek, moving to his ear and then down his neck.
He sat me up tall, slightly lifting my shirt and placing his mouth on my bare stomach. Squeezing my eyes shut, I leaned my head back wanting him to keep touching me. My body felt like I would die if he broke contact.
"Warner. Please." It was a whisper but it was all I could manage. I wanted him so badly.
"Fuck." He grunted, resting his forehead on my stomach as the knocking continued.
We were both breathing heavy and the last thing I wanted to do was get off of him.
"Who could that be?" I glanced at the clock. It was 6:30 in the morning. The sun was just coming out.
"It's my fucking brother, I'm sure." I eased off of him and stood, looking at the door.
Damn you Mark and your terrible timing.
"Then let me get it." I tried to act mad but part of me was relieved it didn't go much further. Warner was going to have to work for it.
I jerked the door open.
"Mark. You better be holding Starbucks."
Once I looked up, I was met with long blonde hair as it whipped around in long flowing locks, reminding me of a damn Pantene commercial. And there she was. The Australian bombshell.The Wonder from Down Under.
"G'day mate" was on the tip of my tongue along with a few other choice words.
Suddenly realizing how this whole situation looked,I backed up and yelled over my shoulder.
"Hey asshole. It's for you." I snatched one of the two coffees she was holding and stormed back to my room. Warner's room.
What a fucking idiot. I hit my forehead a few times.
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.
Once I made it, I closed the door and searched for my clothes. I had to get out of here. This was a definite blow to my ego.
I looked up, pleading.
Humiliation didn't even begin to describe what I was feeling. My jumpsuit was hanging in the closet and I found my shoes nearby. I ran over to my phone and sent a quick text to Carson that I was on my way home. Out of habit, I checked around the room, making sure I had everything.
Oh. My coffee.
Grabbing it, I drew in a deep breath before I stepped out.
Voices were heard back in the living room so I knew I could slip out before he stopped me. But where was I? I had no idea.
I reached for the front door as I heard him call my name. It didn't stop me from opening it and slamming it in his face.
Fuck him.
As I stepped into the elevator, the tears came. That made me even more upset. He wasn't good enough for these tears. Wiping my cheeks with the backs of my hands, I forced myself to stop.
The lobby of the building was facing Central Park. I couldn't be far from my place.
Doing the "walk of shame" I hailed a cab and headed back to Carson.
The door hit the wall hard as I barged through it.
Sorry Carson.
"I'll pay for that." I said as I threw myself on the couch.
"Rough night?" He cocked his head and made a pouty face.
I couldn't fight my smile.
"Stop it. I'm pissed here. Quit making me laugh."
"Ok. Ok. Sorry." He made his way over to me.
"Tell me all about it." Sitting in the chair across from me, he leaned forward resting his elbows on his thighs.
"It was fucking awful. Next time, just make me stay home. I can't seem to make intelligent decisions these days. Fuck!"
I groaned into my hands.
Peeking through my fingers, I caught Carson's stare.
"I hate your boss."
"Me too." he agreed.
"Did he take you home, feel you up and then have his date from the night before show up with coffee?" Huh? Because that's what just fucking happened."
I let out a few exaggerated cries and sat up, holding a pillow to my chest.
"And then, I had to do the walk of fucking shame."
I slammed my face into the pillow and screamed.
Mother Nature. You're a motherfucker.
I took a few calming breathes and collected myself.
"Well. Let's get ready for work." I clapped my hands and stood quickly.
Carson didn't budge.He was fiddling with his phone.
I cleared my throat.
"What are you doing?"
He held it up.
"Throw back Thursday."
I took the phone and looked it over.
It was a picture of me and him at his work charity event.
"We make such an amazing couple. Damn you for not liking girls." I kissed his forehead before I went to take a shower.
I decided I would get revenge on Warner by showing off my best assets today.
Carefully looking over my wardrobe, I found my favorite pencil skirt and paired it with a low V neck blouse. The skirt fit like second skin. I tuckedin my blouse and added my blazer. Keeping my hair down, I added loose waves and kept my makeup light and airy. My red lipstick being the only pop of color. Throwing my coat over my arm, I headed for the kitchen. Once again I found Carson studying his phone.
"Now what are you looking at?"
"Oh. I don't know. Just my best friend and the hottest bachelor in NYC splashed all over Page Six."
He held out his phone expecting me to snatch it from him.
He was right. I did.
My eyes went wide as I scrolled through pictures of me and Warner.
The one that got my attention was a split picture. On one side it was me and him leaving last night. His hand on my back as he guided me to his car. And the other. It was of him and "Samantha" kissing outside the charity event we went to last week.
The caption read: "Does Warner Jones have a type?"
"Well shit! Do you think anyone will notice that Stella is Samantha and Samantha is Stella? Holy hell. I'm going to pass out." I sat down on the stool and laid my head down on the counter.
Carson ran his hand up and down my back.
"Maybe you should just tell him."
"I can't. It's in my contract. It's supposed to protect me and what not."
He looked at the picture again.
"I don't think he will notice. I mean, no one expects that to really be the same person. Who goes on dates wearing wigs and colored contacts?" He patted me on the head and helped me into my coat.
*******
We managed to make it to the office without seeing Warner. That is a feat in itself considering I always run into him when I don't want to.
Victoria texted me she was going to be late so I decided to do a little internet shopping. Just a few things. That's all.
My phone vibrated beside me.
-lunch?
I didn't recognize the number, so I ignored it.My phone buzzed again.
-lunch?
Curiosity beat out stubbornness so I replied.
ME: who is this?
STRANGER: who do you want it to be?
Give me a break.
ME: Ryan Gosling. Is that you?
I waited a second for a response but got nothing.
I followed up on a few emails and sent Thank You notes to a few designers that had sent me stuff to wear to their shows. Fashion week started today and I always loved how alive the city became. My first love is fashion and I look forward to this week all year.
I glanced up from my computer when I heard my door open.
Warner stood there, one arm propped up on the frame. He was in jeans and a long sleeved henley that fit just right. He wore that on purpose. I involuntarily licked my lips at the sight of him and then I immediately looked away.
"Ryan Gosling?" His tone sounded amused or maybe offended.
I jerked my head up at the question. He was holding up his phone, waving it back and forth.
I should have known that was him texting me.
"Yeah. Looks like wishes don't come true."
I looked back at my screen, pretending to be reading something.
He pushed off the door and walked towards my desk. Once he reached me, he casually put his hands in his pockets, waiting for me to look at him.
Nope. Not going to do it.
I stared even harder at my screen. Clicked my mouse a couple of times.
All for show.
I was playing Candy Crush.
He cleared his throat.
I bit the bait and hesitantly looked up.
"Why did you leave this morning?"
I blinked up at him.
Was he being serious?
"Are you shitting me? Oh. I don't know? Maybe the fact that your girlfriend showed up. Or that we hadjust made out like high school seniors. Or because I was in just a tee shirt and my panties when said girlfriend arrived."
"She's not my girlfriend." He had a shit eating grin on his face.
"Doesn't matter."
"She said you stole my coffee. So I think you at least owe me that?"
"I owe you a punch in the balls. I'll be glad to give you one of those."
He started laughing. Dammit he is beautiful when he laughs.
Ugh...
I needed him to leave. I can't concentrate when he is around. All I want to do is continue what we were doing this morning. His casual attire was driving me crazy. He was now leaning against the front of my desk.
Quickly standing, I smoothed down my skirt and when he wasn't looking, I tugged the front of my blouse down just a little.
"If you will excuse me, I have somewhere I need to be."As soon as I rounded my desk, he reached out and grabbed my hand. He pulled me into his chest and whispered against my lips.
"Why do you fight me?" Then he kissed me hard. I kept my lips tight, trying not to kiss him back.
He pulled back, placing his thumb on my bottom lip, he parted my lips and then replaced his thumb with his tongue. Melting into him, I wrapped my arms around his neck and deepened the kiss.
"You have got to be kidding me?" I broke contact first and looked back at my office door.
I wiped my mouth across my hand and straightened my blouse.
"Come in."
Carson peeked around the door, hesitant to open it all the way.
As he continued to open it, I saw Travis and then Mark.
The three stooges.
"What the hell are you guys doing?"
I walked over to them with a huge smile. I hugged Travis and kissed him on the cheek. He lifted me off my feet and I swatted his arm to put me down.
"Marrrkkk." I held out my arms.
"My third best friend." I gave him a hug and then pushed him back, holding onto his shoulders.
"Thanks for bailing on me last night. You made me have to go home with him." I pointed at a stunned Warner.
"Sorry about that."
Mark leaned in close so nobody could here.
"I was just helping a friend." He winked and nudged my arm.We both laughed.
"What brings all my favorite men to my office?"
Carson spoke up.
"We want to take you to lunch."
I placed my hand over my heart.
"Well isn't that just the sweetest thang?" I really needed to work on my southern accent.
I looked over at Warner. I'm pretty sure if I looked hard enough, steam would be coming out of his ears. He looked pissed.
"Can fifth wheel come?"
They all laughed, except Warner of course.
"If he wants to." Mark said looking at Warner.
I ran back to my desk and grabbed my purse and coat.
"You coming?" I asked as I passed Warner.
He stopped me.
"I thought maybe we could go to lunch. Just the two of us."
"Well. It looks like I have plans. So..." I looked towards the three handsome men in my doorway.
His lips pressed into a firm line before he spoke.
"I asked you first."
Laughing, I moved closer to him and pressed my lips against his ear.
"Well, why don't you ask Elle to join you."
Before he could respond, I turned and headed for the door.
"It's just the four of us boys! Where to?"
Chapter Eighteen.
Lunch was so fun. Mark proved to be an awesome addition. He fit right in with me and the boys. Even allowing me to talk shit about his brother. I had them all laughing by the time I finished my story.
"I'm so glad my humiliation has brought you guys happiness. I guess it was well worth it." I rolled my eyes and took another bite of pizza.
"Seriously Stella. Why don't you just ask him out already? You know he likes you."
I glared at Mark.
"Mark! Did you hear anything I said? Elle showed up. At his place. With coffee. For two." Holding up two fingers in his face I continued."I'm no rocket scientist but, I'm pretty positive that means he doesn't like..."
He cut me off.
"First of all, Elle is an old family friend. They have a strange relationship. It's extremely complicated. But, he doesn't like her like that. I do know that for sure. "
I opened my mouth to argue, but he held up his hand in my face.
He continued.
"And second, I know for a fact that he is attracted to you. He is just intimidated. Let's face it. You're a pretty intimidating woman."
"Which is it? Pretty or intimidating?"
I said with a wink. And then his words sank in.
My jaw dropped at the thought of me, little ole me, being intimidating.
I looked around the table and saw Travis and Carson nodding in agreement.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. You guys," I pointed at all three of them, "think that I am intimidating? That's a joke right?"
Travis lowered his head and laughed.
"Yeah. You are. Don't you remember how long it took for me to ever talk to you? I couldn't even make eye contact with you at first."
Drawing my finger to my lips, I thought about it. I did remember Travis hardly talking to me when I first moved in with Luke but I thought it was because he was shy.
Carson decided to add his two cents.
"If I wasn't gay, I would have never talked to you."
I choked back a laugh. This was all news to me. Maybe this is why I don't have girl friends. Apparently I'm a huge bitch.
"Well shit. I thought I was nice and easy to talk to. So you guys are telling me that I'm a bitch?"
I was trying not to sound upset, but it was hard finding this out about yourself.
They all started laughing.
A resounding"no" came from everyone at the table. I looked at them in confusion.
"Then what exactly are you saying?"
Carson grabbed my hand.
"What we are saying is that you are intimidating. Once people get to know you, they fall in love with you. Sort of like all of us." He glanced around the table.
"It's just that, from a distance, it's hard to imagine that you are attainable. You seem too good for everyone. You are drop dead gorgeous. So that doesn't help. And you wear power suits and cuss like a sailor."
I'm pretty sure I rolled my eyes during that entire speech. Drop dead gorgeous? Hardly. Power suits and profanity? Check and check. But, it's still hard for me to believe that Warner finds me unattainable. And that anyone thinks I'm intimidating.
"Mark. Tell me the truth. You really think Warner is scared of me?"
"Scared to death."
For crissake.
I leaned back in my seat and crossed my arms.
"Well, he should be."
We all had a good laugh and changed the subject to sports. This was my chance to stop listening to them and be alone in my thoughts. So Warner Jones is scared of me? I like the concept. The power belongs to me and that puts me in a great position to not get my heart broken. Maybe I will let this play out. But if he's so scared, then why does he keep coming around?
However, he does keep having dates with Elle. I don't really count lunch dates as dates. So, he hasn't ever asked me out, out.
Well,we are just going to have to change all that.
My thoughts drifted to the upcoming weekend. With fashion week starting up, I have a full schedule ahead of me for the next several days. I have tomorrow off. Hallelujah. Carson and I have a show tonight accompanied by an after party. Three shows tomorrow, plus another party. And even more on Saturday and Sunday. That's as far as I can think about. I'll have to look at my schedule for full details.
As we get off the elevator, I give everyone a hug (See. I'm nice) and Travis follows me to my office. He is going to move the rest of my stuff in with Carson today and he needs my key.
"Would you want to go to the party tonight with me a Carson? It should be pretty fun."
"Ok. Sounds good. You guys want me to pick you up?"
I hooked my arm in his as we made it to my office.
"No. Take the night off. Let's just Uber."
We both halted when we walked through the door. Warner was sitting at my desk, eyeing us.
"Seriously? Is this becoming a habit? Warner, you can't be in here when I'm not here. That has to be breaking a shit ton of rules.I'm sure human resources would take my side on this."
I stalked over to my desk and took a wide stance, as wide as my tight skirt would allow, hands on my hips.
"Get the fuck up, Jones. Or my friend over there," I pointed at Travis, "is going to make you."
Scary enough for you, Jones.
He pushed himself back away from my desk and slowly stood. I fake yawned.
"We don't have all day. Move it."
He looked up at Travis.
"Can you give us a minute? Thanks."
I turned towards Travis with wide eyes begging him not to move.
He shrugged and walked out.
Really?
Facing Warner, I let out an extremely long sigh.
"Make it quick. I'm trying to leave early today. Wait. Before you start. What's up with the get up? You never wear jeans to work."
He looked down at himself.
"Well, a beautiful girl once told me she liked me better like this."
That was corny but I found myself blushing.
"Cut it out. You know I'm still pissed at you." I was biting my cheek trying not to smile.
"Pissed or jealous?" He raised an eyebrow as he took a step closer.
"Pissed. Humiliated. Embarrassed. Yes. Jealous. No."
Totally jealous.
"Shit. I think you are jealous." He was now standing in front of me with that adorable grin of his.
"Stella, why can't you admit you are jealous?" The back of his hand slowly ran down my cheek.
"I'm not a jealous person. But I don't like thinking about you and Elle. Or you with any other girl for that matter."
He lowered his face to mine.
"Guess what?" He tucked a piece of hair behind my ear. "That's the definition of jealous."
My lips turned up in a smile.
He got me.
"Ok. I was jealous."
He kissed me on the cheek.
"Good."
He moved his mouth to the other cheek. His hands untucking my shirt.
"I like when you are jealous."
And then his mouth was on mine. His hands on my bare skin.
"Why?" I asked with his lips against mine.
"Because now you know how I feel every time I see you with all those guys." He moved that incredible mouth to my ear.
"Especially my brother."
Keeping my hands on his chest, I carefully pushed him back.
"You are jealous of them?" I took a step back to get my bearings. He fucks with my mind when he's too close.
"First off. Carson is gay. So no need to worry there. Travisis like a big bother. I've known him for years and we are not attracted to each other like that."
He opened his mouth to say something but I continued.
"And Mark. I let him down gently last night. He knows we can't be more than friends. Plus, he's way too old for me."
He started laughing.
"You're borderline hot shot. 30 isn't as young as you think, old man."
I slapped him on the chest and forced myself to walk behind my desk, tucking my shirt back in. A lapse of judgment. That's all that was.
His eyes followed me as I sat down and started checking my email, aka, Instagram. I had my phone in my lap as I was scrolling through the pictures. I could feel his stare.
I lifted my eyes.
"Can I help you with anything else? Or should we make out and see if Elle shows up?"
I cocked my head to the side as if I was looking for her at the door.
"You know, you're extremely sexy when you're jealous."
Good Lord.
"Ok." I threw my hands in the air. "Let's just get this over with, Warner."
I stood abruptly and made my way over to him. I placed both hands on his shoulders and lowered my head and shook it slowly side to side. Lifting it up, I met his eyes.
"Should we just go out? I mean, we keep finding ourselves making out and caressing each other's fucking faces like we are in some ridiculous Rom-Com." He immediately removed his hand from my face.
His mouth formed a smile that eased into a steady laugh.
"Now this is a first. Did you just ask me out?"
He tried to act cool but his face was flushed.
Blushing are we?
"Don't let it go to your head, Jones." I grabbed his cheeks in my hands. "The last guy I liked beat the shit out of me, so I tend to make bad decisions."
His face turned angry and his fists balled at his sides.
"Too soon?" I shrugged and let my hands down.
I pulled out my phone.
"Hello?"
"Stella. Please don't hang up."
Speak of the devil.
"Luke. What the fuck do you want?" I wasn't trying to hide my hatred.
"Please. Stella. Come home. I need you. Travis is here and he's taking the rest of your stuff. I don't want to lose you."
Now sitting down behind my desk, I stole a glance at Warner. His eyes were dark and hooded.
I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath, lowering my voice.
"Luke. I'm not ready to see you yet. You broke me." I was choking back my tears as my voice struggled.
The silence was deafening. His breathing was loud and I could imagine him pacing the floor. One hand in his hair. He always does that when he's frustrated.
"I'm so sorry, Stella. Please. Please talk to me."
I was caving. He sounded so desperate and sad.
"Luke. I have plans tonight but maybe we can get lunch tomorrow."
My body jumped at the sound of my door slamming.
Warner sure knew how to make an exit.
Luke and I made plans to meet at our favorite lunch spot and my day brightened just a little.
I wanted to hate Luke. I really did. But I couldn't. My heart still responded to him.He has been my best friend since the day he took that seat next to me in Calculus. He has taken care of me ever since.We made it through his mom's death. We conquered his drug problem and now, we were going to have to overcome this. It would take time, but tomorrow would be our first step.
Warner came back to the forefront of my mind. What was his problem? If he wanted to date me, he was going to have to let me deal with my problems and get over the fact that Luke would always be in my life.
The office was dead and my workload was pretty much nonexistent. Most all of our clients were down at The Lincoln Center getting ideas of what was going to be in fashion come fall. I poked my head into Victoria's office to let her know I was leaving and then I headed home.
Thursday nights festivities proved to be fun and drama free. It was just me and my two boys. Travis left with a beautiful brunette and so did Carson.
Who did I leave with?
Me, myself and I.
I kept my promise to myself allowing only two drinks. What an accomplishment considering I was inmourning over my failed attempt to get over Warner by getting under somebody...anybody. Well, not just anybody. Jason was too short. Marcus kept calling me "sugar" and boob grazed me every chance he got. And don't get me started on David.
Needless to say, it was slim pickings and I was now in a cab going home... by myself.
Winning.
I trudged throughthe dark apartment, feeling sorry for myself. I was getting good at that. My self pity had only one remedy. Ben and Jerry's. I grabbed a spoon and the carton and made my way to my room. As I tucked us both into bed, me and my ice cream, I caught up on Game of Thrones and slowly slipped into a sugar induced coma.
*******
It's Friday! The morning light didn't hurt my eyes as it usually does. Thanking myself for not getting belligerent last night, I laid on my back, staring at the ceiling.
What was I going to do about Warner? I have never wanted someone so bad. Not even Luke.
Did he want me? Could he want me? There was no denying our attraction to one another. But then I remember he was also pushing "Samantha" up against the wall the first night he met her. Was it possible to be jealous of yourself? And could I be the first person to ask that ridiculous question? I laughed at myself at how insane this situation is. I should tell Warner that I am Samantha. But how? I mean, does he really need to know?
The devil sitting on my left shoulder says absolutely not. But the good girl in me wants to come clean. I sigh to myself. The devil wins for now as I decide to wait a little longer. Maybe I should make sure I even like Warner enough to be a couple. Make him my boyfriend. Go steady.
All of the above.
That gives me an idea. I send Mark a quick text and get ready to go to the gym. Just two quick stops before I run my legs ragged. The calorie burn is much needed since my diet has gone to shit lately.
Mark is quick to respond and it makes me smile. I know it's probably hard for him to see me pursue Warner.
I stop at Starbucks and get two venti Americano's. One black and one with two Splenda and a splash of nonfat milk.
As I get off the elevator to his floor, my stomach is overwhelmed with butterflies. Mark reassured me he was home and alone. My nerves ease at the thought.
Two soft knocks later, I'm greeted with a warm smile.
"Hey." He sounds pleasantly surprised. He's standing there in a tight grey V neck tee shirt and black Adidas sweat pants. He has his shoes on and a beanie. He looks like he might be headed out.
"Hey." My voice is soft and a little shy.
What am I doing?
I lift up the coffee.
"I owed you one."
He opens the door wider, letting me in.
Handing him his coffee, his scent overwhelms me as I slowly walk by him, breathing him in. He's freshly showered.
My eyes look around the apartment, almost scared to find her sitting in the living room.
"No one is here." He says as if reading my mind. I can't help but notice how low and husky his voice is as it vibrates through my body.
A smile creeps up on my face as I head to the kitchen.
"Am I keeping you?" My eyes focus on his untied shoes and then back to his beautiful face.
"I was headed to the gym."
I glance down at myself, drawing my hands down my athletic gear.
"Well, me too. I just wanted to pay my debt before hitting the treadmill."
His smile is contagious as he sips on his coffee.
"I'm happy you stopped by. I wanted to talk to you."
I look up at him over my cup. Eyes wide.
"Oh."
"I'm sorry about the way I left yesterday. It's just that I couldn't believe you would talk to that asshole after what he did to you."
He was pacing the kitchen. His hands found his beanie, taking it off and sitting it on the counter. His hands quickly back in his hair.
Was this what all guys did when they were nervous or upset?
I sat my cup down on the counter.
"I'm sorry, Warner. But I can't just turn my feelings for Luke off. He has been my best friend for six years. He was my only friend after..." I don't want to go there yet. "I still love him."
But I'm not in love with him. I keep that to myself.
For a moment I see his expression turn cold.
I sigh in defeat.
"What are we even doing? Warner, what is this?"
My hands are waving about.
He stops, placing his hands on the counter and then lowering to his elbows. He's right in front of me and I want to touch him. I want him to touch me.
He places his chin in his hands.
"I don't know." He mumbles.
He's so adorable.
"I thought maybe we could," he runs his palm down his cheek. "I don't know. I thought maybe we could be friends?" His voice goes up an octave in the middle of that sentence.
"Friends?" I blurt out a little louder than intended.
This was karma's way of shoving my own words back in my face.
"You want us to be friends?" I'm standing now in disbelief. A moment of silence has me gazing down at Warner as he stares hard into his hands.
If he wants to be friends. Then friends it is. But I wasn't going to make iteasy for him.
Although I'm in head to toe spandex, a running jacket and gloves, I round the kitchen island and stand beside him, waiting for him to look at me.
He stands tall, and leans one hand on the counter as he faces me.
I cup his cheek with my hand.
"You know, I told Mark the same thing. I gave him the same 'friend' speech."
I draw his lips closer to mine until they are barely touching. His breath hot on my skin.
"So, it wouldn't bother you if I did this with my friends."
I'm whispering through a small smile. I close the sliver of space with my tongue as I trace his bottom lip before gently biting it.
I pull back just a little.
"Or maybe it wouldn't bother you if I did this with my friends." I press my body into his as I run my hands down his chest, and under the hem of his shirt. His abs are flexed as I make my way back up his torso.
My mouth finds his and he seems more urgent this time. Pushing me up against the counter, his hands cage me in as his body towers over me.
"I would lose my fucking mind." He crashed back into me. His hands wrappingaround my body, holding me even closer. My pulse quickens and an ache starts building low in my stomach. Too many clothes. We have on too many clothes.
I slip off my gloves, hearing them land on the floor.
His hands find my jacket zipper. In one sudden movement, it's off.
"Fuck. How many shirts do you have on?"
He aggressively takes off my tee shirt. Only my sports bra left.
I push his hands back.
"My turn."
He raises his hands and I slowly peel off his shirt, throwing it on top of the heap of clothes on the floor.
My eyes drink him in. His time at the gym well spent. His body was amazing. I run my fingers down the center of his chest, finding his waist band.
I tease him, placing both hands just inside and pull him closer.
He suddenly picks me up and places me on the counter, nestling between my legs.
I run my hands over his shoulders as he peppers kisses down my neck. A soft moan escapes my mouth as he moves down my collar bone. His hands all over my body. Touching, feeling. I don't want this to end. He grabs the backs of my knees, scooting me closer to the edge. He lowers his mouth over my stomach, getting dangerously close to the waistband of my pants.
He takes his hand and places it in the middle of my chest, gently pushing me down until I'm resting on my elbows. I lean my head back as his hands begin tugging down my pants.
His lips still on my stomach.
"I think I'm going to like this friendship." He whispers against my skin, causing goosebumps forming all over my body.
"Warner." Now I'm begging. I can't wait any longer.
He breaks contact, standing and looking down on me.
"You look amazing." I love how his eyes were filled with lust as he gazed over my body.
I eagerly watched him as his head dipped down, lips caressing my stomach and then moving to my hip. His hands reached under me, gripping my ass as his mouth moved lower.
And then there it was. A sound all to familiar. A loud knock resounded from the door.
He pulled his hands out from under me, my back resting on the cold counter.I placed my hands over my face and groaned in frustration. Sexual frustration.
"If that's Elle, I swear to God.."
I sat up and hopped off the counter, grabbing all my layers and rushing towards the bathroom.
When I emerged fully dressed, I heard Mark's voice.
I'm going to kill him.
When our eyes met, I stopped and perched my hands on my hips and then pointed at him.
"You! Get your ass over here!" He gave Warner a weary glance and then tentatively made his way over.
I slapped him hard in the arm when he was close enough.
"Ouch. Stella that fucking hurt."
"Good." I snorted.
I lowered my voice so only he could hear.
"You deserve way worse. You just cock blocked me."
He started laughing and I followed.
I slapped his chest.
"It's not funny. Shit. I need to go run or something." Smiling, I hung my head and started to walk off.
He grabbed my hand and pulled me back to him.
"I was just worried about you. I don't want him to hurt you."
My arms wrapped around his neck as I hugged him tight.
"Thank you."
I could see the anger in Warner's face as I walked over to him.
When I reached him, he pulled me to the side, out of Mark's view.
"Don't fucking touch my brother like that?"
"Like what?" I pulled back. Looking him in the eye.
"Oh. Wait. Is Warner Jones jealous?"
That comment laced with sarcasm.
"Yeah I'm fucking jealous. So don't do it again."
A small laugh came from me.
Was he kidding?
Friends. That's all he wanted to be.
"I don't like being told what to do. Especially from my 'friends'. You want to be friends? Then this is us being friends. That means, I can date anyone. I can kiss anyone. And I can fuck anyone I want." I hissed and I am pretty sure I did a pelvic thrust when I spit out the word "fuck".
Yup. That really happened.
His face grew redder and redder with every word. Shaking my head, I started to leave.
"I've got to go. See ya around, bestie."
As I reached the door, I yelled bye to Mark and left.
Chapter Nineteen.
The gym was a nice release. Not exactly the release I had craved an hour ago, but none the less, I burned some unwanted calories. I ran my ass off. I took a glance at my backside and giggled to myself. Nope. Ass is still there.
Damn it.
I hurried home and jumped into the shower. Lunch with Luke was in an hour and I needed to get ready. Plus, I had two fashion shows to attend this afternoon and one tonight.
I chose a black pair of skinny jeans and tucked in my crisp white shirt, buttoning every single button. I threw my hair in a high top knot and slid on my nude pumps. Again, my red lipstick being my pop of color. I grabbed my long over coat and looked myself over in the mirror. Pleased with my outfit, I turned and went downstairs.
My stomach was in knots as the cab pulled up to the restaurant. My doubts were seeping in. Was I ready to face Luke? To forgive him?
His face lit up as soon as he saw me. He stood as I got closer to the table, fidgeting with his napkin. He was nervous.
"Stella. Thank you for coming."
He threw his arms around me and my whole body tensed, arms by my sides, letting him do all the hugging.
His smile was gone once he released me, sensing my uneasiness.
He hung his head as he sat down and I followed suit.
An awkward silence hovered around the table as we both pretended to look over the menu. We used to eat here at least twice a week, always getting the same thing. We haven't needed a menu in two years. However, I needed this menu. It was like a shield used to fight off the tension that loomed between us.
Once the waitress took our order, I was no longer able to hide.
Here goes.
"Luke, are you ok?" Studying him I noticed the dark circles that tainted his beautiful face. He let his facial hair grow out and his hair was unruly on top of his head.
"No." He didn't make eye contact. He was staring down at his hands.
"Are you on drugs? Be honest with me, Luke?"
A part of me was hoping he would say yes. Because that was the only way I could ever excuse how he treated me. Selfish, I know. But if Luke could hit me while sober, that would hurt so much more.
He shook his head before speaking.
"No. Not since..." He took a deep breath. "Can you ever forgive me?"
He buried his face in his hands, hiding his tears. But I could see them slipping through his fingers onto the white tablecloth.
I reached across the table, grabbing his hands with mine.
"Luke."
His eyes were red as he stared into mine.
"We will make it through this. But it's going to take some time. I can't say when I'll come back home or if I ever will. But you are my best friend and you will always be."
He lifted my hands to his tear stained face, closing his eyes on contact.
"I'll wait for you, Stella. You're the best thing in my life. I'm so sorry I hurt you."
Our foods arrival broke our contact and we ate our meal in silence.We were no where near what we had before that night, but this was a start.
Luke's arms lingered around my waist as we said our goodbyes. I promised him I would call him soon.
He forced a smile as he got in the cab.
I let out the breath I had been holding.
I miss him.
*******
I met up with Carson later that afternoon. He was my date to all the shows. We had some time before the last one and I needed to go home and change into the outfit sent to me.
"Well don't you look amazing. Damn."
I did a little twirl letting Carson have a 360 view of my dress. It was gorgeous and sleek and oh, made of leather.
I felt like a sexy vixen. I let my hair down and it cascaded past my shoulders. I went for a nude lip and smoky eyes.
"Why thank you kind sir. You don't look so bad yourself."
He looked amazing actually.
"You will definitely get laid tonight."
"You think?"
His face so cute.
"I know."
"I ate lunch with Luke today." I added in casually.
He froze, holding my jacket at mid arm.
"You what?"
I shrugged it on the rest of the way and turned to look at him.
"Why Stella? You don't owe him anything. He fucking beat you up. Shit. What did he say?"
"That he was sorry." I couldn't look at him.
He threw his hands in the air and laughed. But it was without humor.
"Oh. He's sorry? He's sorry! Good for him. Did you tell him to go fuck himself?"
I immediately looked down to the ground. I knew this would make him upset.
"No. I told him we could still be friends."
"For fucks sake, Stella! Why?" His outburst made me jump.
As he walked over to get his jacket, he continued before I could say anything.
"You know what? Never mind. Don't tell me. It will only make me more pissed."
He put his jacket on as if he hated it. Taking all his anger out on that poor thing. Inside, I was laughing at the sight of him pulling and tugging it so aggressively.
The car ride was quiet and I could hear him grinding his teeth. I know how stupid I am. Carson was just reaffirming it. But I can't help it. I guess I'm a glutton for punishment. Luke and Warner. I miss Luke and need him back in my life. And I want Warner so bad I can barely see straight.
Ugh.
The show was amazing but I was exhausted. This past couple of weeks have been both physically and emotionally draining. As much as I hate to miss out on anything, I decided to skip the party that night. My bed was the only place I wanted to be. Plus, Carson was mad at me and him ignoring me wasn't much fun.
The apartment was quiet when I got there and I let it soak in. It felt good to be alone with my thoughts. I took off my leather dress. Scratch that. I peeled that sucker off my body. It was clinging to me for dear life. I actually laughed out loud at my struggle.
After doing my nightly routine, I climbed into bed and under my covers. My gaze was locked on the ceiling as my thoughts revolved around Warner.
I like him. I grunted out loud. Why? I couldn't put my finger on it. But something about him set me off.
I felt like we were elementary kids that fought with each other to show their affection. He was the boy that went around hitting the girls he liked on the playground. And I was the girl that slowed down during kiss chase, wanting to be caught.
It was like a light bulb going off.Maybe that's what I should do. Slow down and let him catch me. I smiled to myself as I closed my eyes. Tomorrow. I would let him catch me tomorrow.
*******
My bed was now being occupied by an extra guest. Carson was wrapped around me as the Sunday morning sun streamed in through my windows.
"Are you awake?" His sleepy voice was so sexy.
"Nope."
He pulled me closer, fighting a yawn. I gave in.
"What are you doing home? I was hoping you would meet someone last night."
I turned to face him, propping myself up on my elbow.
"The party was lame. Plus, I hated that we left fighting."
He pushed my hair out of my face.
"I just can't get over what Luke did to you. And how easily you forgave him."
I turned on my back, looking straight up, letting out a sigh.
"I know. It's just easier for me to love him than to hate him. I don't expect you to understand. Hell, I don't even understand." My hands now covering my face.
"Luke and I have a history. I can't just turn my feelings for him off. We are no where close to being back to normal. But I eventually want to get back there. Plus, I don't want him slipping back into drugs."
He scooted closer to me and placed his arm around my waist.
"Just be careful. I worry about you all the time and I just don't want Luke to keep hurting you."
He gently stroked my cheek and I closed my eyes at the soothing touch.
"I will."It was a whispered promise.But a part of me knew that I would keep letting Luke hurt me. Not physically, but emotionally. I'll never get over the fact that he couldn't love me like I lovedhim.
A long silence took a hold of us as we laid there, quietly biding our time before the other one spoke.
I went first.
"I'm going to call Warner today." My voice a little more cheery.
He sat up to look me in the eye, his head cocked to one side
"I decided last night that I wasn't going to play hard to get anymore. Well, a little hard to get. Just enough to keep him interested." I smiled at the thought.
"Stella, I still think you should tell him."
"That I want to have his babies?" I gave him a innocent expression like I didn't understand the question.
"You know exactly what I meant."
Rolling my eyes, I lifted the pillow over my face.
"I know. But I can't. It's too hard." My voice was muffled but I know he understood by the way he added a "that's what she said".
He removed the pillow from my face.
"You have to."
"Ok. Ok. Just give me some time."
We had only one show to go to today and that was about one too many. Have I mentioned that I am tired? Poor pitiful me, right? Having to go to all these fancy parties and attend fashion week. Don't worry, I am totally annoyed with myself. But, I'm still tired.
Gathering all my courage, I called Warner. I swear my stomach was on the verge of exploding. One ring, two rings, three rings....
"Hello?"
I was just about to hang up.
"Stella? Is that you?"
Damn caller ID.
I squeezed my eyes shut and muttered a few choice words to myself.
"Oh. Hey Warner. Sorry if I'm bothering you."
"No. Not at all. What up?"
What up? Your adolescent vocabulary is "what up". However, I really like the casual side of Warner. So relaxed.
"Oh. Ya know. Just chillin." I said mocking his tone.
I could here a little snicker on his end. That made me smile.
"So, bestie. I was thinking we should hang out today. You know, as friends. Maybe something casual since we are always so dressed up around each other. What do you think?"
And...I was rambling. Shit. I was nervous. I felt like I was back in junior high, talking on my clear light-up phone.
" Hmmmm. Well. I guess I could make some time for a good friend. How about we go to the Knicks game tonight? I have tickets and Mark didn't really want to go anyway."
"That sounds amazing. Pick me up?"
My smile was so huge on my face, I was embarrassing myself.
"Be there at seven. Oh. And Stella, this is going to be fun."He had promise in his voice.
My smile got even bigger.
*******
"Holy shit! Did the Knicks throw up on you? Where the hell did you get all that?"
Carson was trying to keep a straightface but he was failing miserably.
I looked down at my attire.
"What? So, I'm a huge fan. Sue me." I shrugged and grabbed a beer to ease my nerves.
"You should be sued for wearing that get up."
I spit my beer out and died laughing. He was so right. But, I couldn't help myself. I liked to wear my jersey and hat to every game I went to.
"I look cute! Stop making me regret this awesome jersey."
Two knocks on the door and I was officially panicked.
"Maybe I should change." I started for my room just as Carson grabbed my hand.
"Nope. You are not going to change. This is the real you. The girl who doesn't give two shits what people think. You look really cute. Actually, sexyin that jersey.Warner will love it."
Well that was a change from two seconds ago.
"Thank you Carson." I kissed his lips and went to let Warner in.
"Hey Warner. I'll be ready in just a second." As I glanced up, I saw Luke standing there. Looking like shit. His eyes were bloodshot and his lack of sleep evident by the dark circles shadowing his face.
"Luke? What are you doing here? Is everything ok?" I grabbed his hand and pulled him inside.
His expression didn't change. I waved my hand in front of his face.
"Luke. Talk to me. What's wrong?"
His arms were suddenly around me, hugging me tightly.
"Please come home." His breath hot against my ear.
I carefully pushed him off me.
"Luke. I can't. I'm not ready." He hung his head in defeat.
"Ok, Stella. But, please come home soon."
Before I could say anything,he was opening the door.
And there stood Warner, hand raised as if he was just about to knock.
This is awesome. Not.
Luke whipped his head back around to me.
"What is Warner Jones doing here, Stella?" His eyes burned into mine, highlighting his anger.
Warner stepped around him and draped his arm around me.
"I'm here to take her out. What are you doing here? Huh? Get the fuck out, asshole."
My heart skipped a beat at the sound of Warner defending my honor.
Luke punched the wall before he made his exit. Something was off with him. The look in his eyes made me uneasy.
Warner kissed my forehead.
"You ready?"
I nodded and he grabbed my hand and led me out.
Chapter Twenty.
"So." I paused until I could get my laughter under control. "These are decent seats." My eyes were looking at the actual court under my shoes.
The actual basketball court!!!
He shrugged nonchalantly.
"Yeah. I guess. If you like to be on the floor. Sitting next to the bench."
He gave me that arrogant smile as he took a sip of his beer.
Arrogant looked so good on him.
"Ok. Don't be jealous." As I stood, I unzipped my leather jacket and shrugged it off, exposing my awesome Knicks jersey.
"But, I'm sort of a fan and I always wear my lucky jersey." I turned my hat backward and sat back down.
He started laughing.
"I am jealous. Now I wish I would have worn mine." He snatched my hat and placed it on his head.
"Give me that."
I turned it around backwards on his head.
"There. So much cooler. You just earned some street cred." I stole a kiss. "You're welcome."
Holy hell. He looks good in a hat.
I was shoveling the popcorn into my mouth as some acrobats performed some ridiculous stunt that involved a unicycle, plates and some extremely long sticks.
Very impressive.
"What do you think?" Warner handed me a beer and took a step back, waiting for my approval.
My laughter came first.
"Holy shit! What did you do? Buy everything you could in the gift shop?"
Warner stood there wearing not only the same jersey as me, but an entire warm up suit. Matching jacket and pants. Oh, and a giant foam finger.
"You look absolutely ridiculous. And I couldn't love it more!"
" I thought you would like it. Plus, I couldn't let you out do me." He sat down, putting his arm around me as we both laughed. I grabbed my phone and snapped a picture of us.
"This will get a ton of 'likes'." He rolled his eyes as if he wasn't on Instagram.
@whjones, I've seen you.
I wonder what the 'H' stands for? I'll have to ask him later.
The game was so fun and my lucky jersey hasn't failed me yet. We definitely looked like a bunch of nerds walking to the car, but I didn't mind. I loved being with Warner and I loved being seen with him. He held my hand to his awaiting car and then helped me in.
I sat with my back against the door, sitting on one leg so I could face him.
"Thanks for tonight, Warner. It was so fun."
"Thanks for coming. You were way more fun than my brother would have been. He hates basketball."
My eyes went wide in disbelief.
"What? Who hates basketball?" I was shaking my head in disapproval."I'm going to have to reevaluate our friendship. Next you're gonna tell me he hates puppies."
He looked down and shrugged.
"No." I whispered through the hand hiding my smile.
When we pulled up outside of his place I was a little hesitant. I wasn't sure if I was ready to, you know, "go all the way" tonight. And just from a guys standpoint, I'm sure that was to be expected. And then you add in floor seats to the Knicks. And well, putting out seems logical. But, what underwear do I have on? Did I shave all the necessary parts? Maybe we could just make out. I mean, we were still just "friends". Floor seats definitely earned him second base. Maybe even third? Thank goodness my thoughts were interrupted.
"You want to come up and watch a movie. I sort of don't want this night to end."
That sounds innocent enough.
"Me either."
He grabbed my hand and led me upstairs.
I came out of the bedroom wearing his sweats. Or, his sweats were wearing me. I kept my jersey on and threw my hair in a ponytail.
"You look sexy in my sweats."
"Ha ha ha. So funny. You are easily pleased if you think this is sexy." I patted my stomach like an old man with a beer gut.
"How about now? Sexy still?"
He rolled his eyes and patted the space next to him. As I walked to him, my stomach filled with butterflies. I wasn't sure where I wanted tonight to lead.
Does he really just want to be friends?
I snuggled next to him as he searched for a movie to watch on Netflix.
We both agreed to that Indie film with Ryan Gosling (my fave) and Bradley Cooper (He's okay).
We ended up both laying on our sides. My back pressed up against his chest.
His hand strummed my hair as I tried to concentrate on the movie. I "accidentally" moved my ass closer to him, making sure to make full contact.
Oops.
His hand became more confident as it moved from my hair, down my arm, finding my bare stomach. I immediately sucked in.
Could he tell?
His fingers grazed my skin, causing goosebumps to flood my body.
His mouth covered my ear as he whispered.
"Is it ok for friends to do this?"
A smile spread across my face. I turned to face him, his hand sliding to my lower back.
"As long as you don't do this with your other friends."
I stretched up to kiss his lips.
"Deal." And then his mouth claimed mine, his hand urging me closer.
I draped one leg over his body, making contact wherever I could.
He slowly rolled on top, placing his forearms in either side of me, careful not to place his full weight on me.
"Stella, you drive me crazy. You know that? Ever since the day I met you."
I grabbed the nape of his neckand encouraged his tongue into my mouth. He tasted so good and felt even better.
"You drove me crazy. Always such an asshole every single time I saw you." My mouth reached further and nipped his bottom lip.
"That's because I was fucking jealous. You are always hanging out with those guys and it drives me insane."
His lips found mine once again with more intensity.
"I wanted to stay away from you." I whispered, almost believing myself.
"And now?" His lips grazed my jawline and his hands roamed further south.
"And now. All I want is you. Kissing me. Touching me." My voice was hushed as his mouth moved down my neck, across my collar bone.
I've never wanted someone as much as I wanted Warner.
I bucked my hips up against him, begging him to make the next move. His eyes lit up, as he sat up, straddling me. He slowly peeled his shirt off as my eyes filled with lust.
He was true perfection. All lean, chiseled muscle.
I reached up and trailed my hands down his stomach, tugging his waistband with my greedy little fingers.
"These must go." I said as I took my lower lip between my teeth.
He held up a finger.
"Uh. Uh. Uh. It's your turn."
My cheeks flushed and heat spread down my entire body.
I took my time raising my hands over my head.
"You take it off." I said through a small smile.
Just as he was lifting my shirt, the tv turned black, signaling that the movie was over.
Pure darkness surrounded us. Our breathing the only sound. The setting was amazing. I would be able to let go of my self doubt being in total darkness.
"Leave it off." I whispered when I felt Warner leaning for the lamp.
"I just want to feel you."
He reached for the hem of my jersey, my lucky jersey indeed. With my arms still raised, he used his whole body to remove it by keeping his chest so close to mine.
I couldn't resist licking his skin, tasting him. He left my jersey clinging to my arms, binding them above me as he lowered his mouth to mine.
"Don't move your arms." His breath was on my lips and then on my neck.
I let a moan slip as he kissed me through the thin lace of my bra. I tilted my hips up in reaction. Feeling him against my pelvis.
Wow.
He raised up enough to grab a hold of the waistband of my pants, gently pulling them off. Bending my knees, he settled himself between them.
"Your skin is so soft, Stella. Your body. It feels incredible."
The sound of his voice was enough to do me in.
"Please Warner." I couldn't help but beg. I needed him to satisfy the achebetween my legs.
"Please what?" His lips now over mine.
"Fuck me." I whispered and I could feel his smile spread against my mouth.
"You have a dirty mouth, Stella McDaniel. And I fucking love it."
He lifted off the couch, leaving me wanting.
Then his hands found my panties as he ripped them off. My bra next.
Shit. Those were expensive.
And now I was naked and silently thanking the darkness. Warner grabbed my hand, helping me to standing. He took a seat on the edge of the couch, encouraging me to straddle his lap.
He put his mouth everywhere. Finding all my sensitive spots. My fingers pulled his hair and his hands cupped my ass, lifting me so my chest was level with his mouth, his tongue.
"Stella, are you sure you want to do this? If you're not ready..."
I cut him off with an intense kiss.
"Shut up Warner."
His hand found my ponytail as he yanked it back enough to get full access to my neck. His fingers ran down my neck, through the center of my chest, over my sucked in stomach and finally finding my most sensitive spot.
As he inserted two fingers, I gasped from pleasure.
Fuck.
"You're so ready for me, Stella." I could hear the satisfaction in his voice which turned me on even more.
"And you seem ready for me." Amusement in my voice, as I felt him hard against me.
I framed his face with my hands and lowered my mouth to his.
"Warner."
He slipped his fingers out, lifted me up and lowered me down on to him.
We both breatheda "fuck" as we felt each other for the first time.
He gripped my hips, keeping me still.
"Shit Stella. You feel so good."
With my mouth tickling his ear, I agreed.
He did feel good. Too good.
We began a steady rhythm as our hands were all over each other.
His tongue worked one nipple then the other. I was so happy he didn't play favorites. I raised my hands over my head, giving him full access.
I could feel the build rising in my lower stomach as Warner pushed me down against him as I rocked back and forth.
Never in my wildest fantasies could I have imagined how good this could feel.
He scooted to the edge of the couch, carefully lowering us to the floor. Now he was on top. I loved the feel of his body over mine. His weight pressing against me.
"I'm close Stella. Get there." He grunted, breathless.
He slowly eased out before slamming back in.
Shit. I was close.
"Stella. Shit."
I fisted his hair, encouraging him to keep moving.
"Warner. That feels so good. Don't stop. Please. " My nails were digging in his back and my moans were muffled against his shoulder.
As he thrust in me once more, we both found our release. His body shaking against mine before resting on top of me.
I could feel the rise and fall of his chest and my heart beat against his. Both our breathing erratic.
His hands cupped my face before gently kissing my lips.
"That was amazing."
I couldn't find my words so I just moaned in agreement. My body was numb from pleasure and I wasn't ready to come back down from cloud nine.
He carefully rolled off of me, my body already missing his.
"You want to take a shower?"
No.
"Sure. I guess I should."
I yawned as I picked up my shirt, suddenly aware of my nakedness. I wanted to cover up before the lights came on. Too much ice cream lately.
"You can use any of my stuff and I'll lay out something for you to wear to sleep in. Unless... you like to sleep in the nude." He cocked an eyebrow with wishful thinking.
"Sorry pal. Not a nude sleeper."
I punched his arm as I walked towards his bedroom.
"Are you not coming?" I stared at him with question.
"No. You go ahead. I'm going to do a little work while you get ready for bed."
"Work? Right now? It's so late."
He smiled at my comment.
"It's early in Europe, sweetheart. I'll just be a minute." He kissed my forehead before turning and heading into his study.
I watched as his amazing ass walked away. Damn him for making warm up pants so sexy.
Needing his arms wrapped around me, I showered quickly. I didn't wash my hair, but I let it down after I was dressed and ready for bed. My eyelids felt heavy as I waited for Warner to come to bed. I'll just close my eyes for a few minutes until Warner gets here. Just a few....
Sleep overtook my mind. Warner being in both my dreams and fulfilling my every fantasy.
Chapter Twenty-One.
My eyes fluttered open, briefly gathering my bearings. I smiled into my pillow, taking in the scent of Warner that surrounded me.
I'm in Warner Jones' bed!
It came out as a high pitched squeal in my mind as I squeezed my eyes shut.
I'm in Warner Jones' bed!
There. I had to think it just one more time before turning and facing him.
My body slowly rolled over, craving the sight, the touch of Warner.
Last night had been incredible. The heat of his body lingered on my skin, keeping me aching for him even in my dreams.
To my surprise, the bed was empty. I felt around with my hands as if he was hiding under the sheets somewhere. I sat straight up searching the room for any sign of him. Nothing. It was disturbingly quiet which made me a little uneasy. I checked my phone. One missed text and it was from Warner.
Really? A text?
WARNER:Stella. I had an early morning meeting. Take your time getting ready. Coffee is in the kitchen. Thanks for last night. It was fun.
I stared, open mouthed, at my screen and reread the last two sentences.
"Thanks for last night. It was fun."
"Thanks for last night? It was fun?"
Who fucking says that?
No "good morning, Stella." Or "last night was amazing." Nope. Just "it was fun".Anger pulsated through my body all the way up to my ears. Which were burning and without a doubt, bright red.
Throwing off the covers and violently kicking them to the floor, I stood, all of a sudden too hot to stay in that bed. Warner's bed.
Did he really just fuck me and then thank me? I felt like Iwas the victim of a hit and run.
This was not how I had seen my Monday morning going. I had imagined waking up next to Warner. He would have been spooning me from behind, arms draped possessivelyaround my waist.We wouldslowly make love before heading to the shower where he would hold me up against the wall. No. Shove me up against the wall. The water falling all around us as he took me one more time before heading to work.
But no. Instead, I'm alone in his apartment feeling like a cheap whore. Except a whore got paid and I got nothing but some bullshit coffee waiting for me in his stupid kitchen.
Fuck you Folgers.
Once I found my phone, I had thrown it somewhere after I read that text, I called Travis to come get me. I removed Warner's clothing and put on my outfit from the night before. And hanging my head, I hesitantly made the walk of shame to the curb... AGAIN!
Ugh. Such a loser.
Travis had a knowing look as he held the door open for me.
"Morning Trav." I glanced down at his sweats and Nike's. He must be headed to the gym. That's what I needed. A good ass kicking that only a hard workout could provide.
"Are you about to hit the gym?"
"Yeah. Why?"
He closed the door and raced around the car before hopping into the driver's seat.
"I wanna go with you. Will you let me change? And then we can go together."
I met his eyes in the rear view mirror.
"Of course. I'll wait for you to change. Your gym or mine?"
"Let's go to yours." I shut my eyes and leaned against the head rest. We drove in silence and my thoughts slowly invaded my sane space.
What did I do? I knew better than to sleep with him so soon. Shit, I would've hit it and quit it too. Ugh. I was so mad at myself. How could I have been so stupid?My mind didn't work properly in is presence. I blame him and all his sexiness for my behavior last night. Did I regret it? How could I? It was the best sex of my life. It's the morning after that sucks. I should have left. He needed to be the one left wanting, craving....me. But instead, I'm once again "that" girl who can't take a hint. Warner isn't the settling down type. Friends. That was his suggestion and I shouldn't have pushed it.
Let's see if he really can handle being my friend.
My workout proved to be an awakening. It was a way to clear my head and start thinking straight. Using my mind not my raging hormones as a guide.
There has to be someone out there who would date me, right? I studied myself in my full length mirror. My tailored suit hugged my womanly curves and made me look powerful and confident. Shit. And intimidating. I rolled my eyes.
Damn it.
I fluffed my long, brown hair and let the layers frame my face. Turning to the side, I frowned at my ass. She's not going anywhere. Turning back to the front, I pushed my boobs up with both hands and looked down my chin at my cleavage. I had a nice rack. An au natural C cup. My stomach was somewhat toned and I stood tall at 5"9. My tan skin was enhanced by my deep blue eyes, giving me an exotic, mysterious look. But none of this seemed to matter because as I stand here, I'm still fucking single. I'm still the girl who put out on the first date and ended up with a thank you text.
Seriously. A thank you text.
I trudged down the hallway, pouting the entire way. My mood brightened for a moment when I opened the fridge. The coffee creamer had a love note from Carson. Smiling in appreciation, I took it out and poured it into my travel mug. No Starbucks for me. I'm not risking seeing Warner today. And if I could avoid him forever, I would.
The elevator remained empty as it traveled up to the 32nd floor. This was a first. Even the elevator seemed to be mocking me. Would anyone notice that I slept with Warner last night and then he bailed? What a silly thought.
But, seriously, would they?
I peeked my head out of the elevator to see if the coast was clear. My freak card waving outrageously. I might as well carry a huge sign that says "hey everyone, look at me".
A few people stopped mid conversation to glance over at my weirdness.
I walked out with my head held high. Nothing to see here folks. Go about your day. Just your typical whore making her way to her office.
I let out a frustrated huff as I took a seat at my desk. Was I, in fact, terrible in bed? My bed post has plenty notches on it. Ok. Ok. That's a lie. It has 2... plus Warner. I buried my face in my hands and silently laughed to myself. Three people? That was the extent of my sexual conquests? What a loser!
One.My high school boyfriend. Yikes. That should not even count. We both had braces and he left his shirt on the entire time. Oh. And it lasted, I think, three and a half minutes. I didn't even know when it started or ended.
Two. My college boyfriend. Holy smokes. He knew what he was doing between the sheets.And I brought him to his knees every time. I can't be that horrible in bed, right? Although he did cheat on me. So...
My phone vibrated against my desk, shaking me from my very brief sexual history. What a nice trip down memory lane.
"Hello." My voice flat, no life in it.
"Wow. Hello to you too. You seem happy to be alive on this beautiful Monday morning." Sarcasm oozed out of his mouth.
Carson must have got laid.
"Monday is a stupid whore. Oh. And so am I. I guess misery loves company. Why are you so damn happy?"
I rested my chin in my palm as I hunched over my desk. My mom would cringe at my posture.
"Can't I just be happy?"
"No."
"Ok. Well, let's have lunch and I'll tell you all about it."
"I can't wait. We have so much to talk about. Meet you downstairs at noon."
Work was boring. I needed a new project to keep my mind busy. The thank you notes I needed to write were staring at me from the corner of my desk. Rolling my eyes and sighing as loud as I could, I reached for them.
Grabbing my favorite pen, I began writing in my best penmanship.
An hour later, I sat there, strumming my fingers on my desk. Bored. What to do next? I checked my email. Nothing urgent. Twitter had nothing good to report. Leave it to Instagram to taunt me with that picture of me and Warner at the game. I was right. It got a shit ton of likes.
I stood quickly from my desk. I was in desperate need of some human interaction.
Peeking in Victoria's office, I found her missing. Ok. Next.
Carson was on the phone. He signaled for me to come in so I sat on the couch for all of two minutes. Deciding he was too busy, I wandered down the hall. When I heard Mark's voice, I followed it to his office. He was just hanging up the phone as I knocked on his open door. His face lit up when he saw me in the doorway.
"Stella. What a nice surprise."
"Hey Mark. Busy?"
"Not at the moment."He waved me in.
As I strolled through his office, I noticed how different it was from Warner's. It was very traditional with ornate rugs splashed across the floor and paintings of soldiers on horses displayed on the walls. I mean, it was nice but not what I would consider Marks taste.
He must have read my mind.
"These are not my furnishings." He was pointing around the office to the tufted couches and wingback chairs.
"Thank God. I was just thinking that it looked like an old man's office."
I gave him a wink as I walked around to his side of the desk. He rolled a few inches back in his chair as I sat up on his desk, crossing my legs and resting my hands on the edge.
"So. What's this I hear that you don't love America's favorite sport? The sport of basketball." I raised my brow waiting for a response.
He crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair.
"Who's spreading these viscous lies?"
"Your asshole of a brother. That's who. So you're telling me you do like basketball?"
He nodded looking away.
"You're a terrible liar, Mark. How in the world can you hate basketball?" I paused, rubbing my temples with my finger tips."Oh wait. Do you like the ballet?"
He didn't answer.
"And I bet you listen to opera."
Still no answer.
"Oh shit. I'm right.And you watch foreign films. Don't you?"
His lips curled up into a knowing smile.
"This friendship may not work after all." I shook my head in mock disappointment.
"Why? What are your interests?" He rolled back to his desk, resting his elbow on top, gazing up at me.
"Uhhhh. Well, I hate the ballet. I love sports. Opera? Gag me. I'm into rap and pop music. And don't get me started on foreign films. Gross. If I wanted to read for two hours, I'd grab a book. I'm more into mainstream movies with a few Indie films sprinkled in."
His smile turned into a laugh.
"Stella. You're funny. You know that?"
"What's so funny?" It was my turn to cross my arms.
"You and your 24 year old mind. Awe. To be young again." He leaned back, resting the back of his head in his hands.
"Mark. You're only 34. But everything about you screams old man. We have got to do something about that."
"And what shall we do about this predicament, Stella?"
I held up a finger, shaking my head.
"First of all. We have got to get you some magazines. GQ. Playboy. Nylon. Your verbal skills are that of a 60 year old grandpa. We need to loosen you up. And you need to like sports. Or at least pretend to."
He placed his finger to his lips, pursing them out as he was thinking.
"Ok." He shrugged.
"Awesome. The first thing we are going to do is go to the Knicks game tomorrow. Two friends bonding over America's favorite past time."
"That's baseball." He said, a smile on his face.
"What's baseball?" Confusion on my face.
"Americas favorite past time. That's baseball not basketball."
"Whatever. You know what I mean."
We continued talking and laughing at how different we were. It's amazing what a decade between two people really meant.
A voice startled us.
"Mark. I'm going to need you to..."
Our laughter was cut short as the sound of Warner's voice sliced through the room.
All the hairs on the back of my neck stood but I refused to acknowledge his presence. So, I sat with my back to him as I felt him walking towards us.
He stopped his conversation until he reached the front of Marks desk.
"What's going on in here?" His tone clipped, angry.
I rolled my eyes and hopped off the desk. Without answering, I patted Mark on the shoulder.
"See you tomorrow night?"
Mark blushed as he answered.
"I can't wait. I'll call you later for details."
And for some unknown reason, I reached up and encouraged a high five. I immediately wished I could take it back.
I straightened my suit jacket and walked past Warner, not once looking in his direction.
As I reached the door, I heard an exchange between Warner and Mark. Before I knew it, Warner had a hold of my arm, dragging me into his office.
He slammed the door behind me and stood with both hands in his hair, pacing back and forth.
"What the fuck, Stella? What was that back there?"
I pushed off the door and poked my finger into his chest, gaining his undivided attention.
"What the fuck, Stella? How about what the fuck Warner? You fucked me last night and then cleaned your hands of me this morning." I lifted my hands and made the motion that went along with that statement.
"At least you thanked me and offered me left over coffee." I held my hands over my heart.
"The only thing missing was the cash on the bedside table."
With both hands, I shoved him hard in the chest.
"I hope you're happy with your conquest."
I slammed my hands to my sides and stood there waiting for some sort of explanation.
"Stella." He breathed, turning towards me, hands still fisted in his hair.
"I don't know how... It's just hard for me to.. Fuck. I can't concentrate with you around. This feels so different and I don't know what to do."
"You don't know what to do? Let's start with being a decent human being and see where that takes you?" My hands were now perched on my hips as I took in the sight of him. His shoulders were slumped, hair a wild mess and hands in his pockets. This was not the arrogant asshole I'm used to seeing.
"Stella."
I cut him off.
"Quit saying my fucking name. It's annoying as shit. Just talk to me. What happened last night? I thought we had a good time. Was I just a challenge? See how long in takes to fuck Stella? Well, congratu-fucking-lations. It took all of one date."
Hot tears burned my eyes as I willed them not to fall. I made my way to the couch and sat with my face in my hands.
"I can't be just your friend, Warner. I can't."
Surprised by his touch, I looked up to see Warner on his knees in front of me, staring into my eyes. Tilting my chin up, he lowered his voice.
"Hey. I don't want to be your fucking friend. Ok. I want more. It's just that I don't know how to do this." He waved his hand between us. "I haven't been in a serious relationship since college. And let's face it, that was a long time ago."
A small laugh surfaced as I rolled my eyes.
"Are you laughing?" He lowered his face, studying mine. "See. I can be funny."
I rolled my eyes again.
As he framed my face with his hands, he briefly kissed my lips.
"Will you give me a chance? I know I can be a first class dick and an arrogant asshole. And I'm a jealous prick. You think you are up to the complicated challenge that is Warner Jones?"
I laughed a little louder this time.
"With that kind of resume, who wouldn't be?" I shrugged, standing and pulling him up with me.
I carefully placed my hands on top of his shoulders, creating necessary distance. One false move, and I would be tearing off his clothes and laying on top of his desk.
"So, are we going steady? Did you just ask me to be your girlfriend?"
He smiled against my mouth.
"I guess I did. What do you say?"
I crashed my lips into his, reaching high on my toes, pressing as close to his body as I could. I wanted to jump up and wrap my legs around his waist and let him take me on top of his desk.
Damn these tight suit pants.
Mental note. Have sex on his desk.
I briefly broke the kiss, my heart pounding, my knees weak.
"One word of advice." My hands sliding down his chest, resting on his tight stomach. "Do not ever send me a 'thanks for sex' text again. That's the worst!"
He threw his head back and let out a loud laugh.
"Shit. I had no idea that was a bad thing. I didn't know what to say. I thought I was being polite."
We were both laughing when Kimber's voice came over the intercom, telling him he needed to take line one.
He kissed me one last time, his lips lingering long enough for me to taste him. He told me he would come see me later before answering his phone call. I rolled my bottom lip through my teeth as I watched him sit behind his desk. Shit that man was gorgeous. And that man, he was all mine.
As I turned to go back to work,I shook my head and smiled from ear to ear. Maybe this Monday wasn't so bad after all.
Chapter Twenty-Two.
At exactly 11:45, I powered down my computer and gathered all the things I needed to meet Carson for lunch--jacket, purse and phone.My mood was significantly brighter since my morning interaction with Warner, my boyfriend. My eyes went wide.
Warner Jones was my boyfriend. Eeekkk.
It took everything I had to keep from skipping down the hallway, busting out into song every third step. This was a new high for me and I couldn't wait to share it with my other boyfriend, Carson.
His handsome face and perfectly coifed hair were waiting for me as I stepped off the elevator. I picked up my stride and threw my arms around him, sending him a few steps back. His hands gripped my waist, as he lifted me off the ground a little bit.
"Whoa there." He sat me back down, holding me at arms length.
"Where's my depressed, pouty, poor-me Stella that I talked to this morning?"
"Hey!" I sucker punched him in the chest.
"Can't I be happy?" I grabbed his hand and led him through the revolving doors.
"No. Something happened. I can see it. What? Spill it already."
We were scooting into the cab and heading to a cute little bistro that we frequented often.
"Warner Jones wants to be my boyfriend." I offered, sounding as causal as possible.
Three...two...one...
"What the fuck!" And just like that, Carson was speechless. All of three seconds. But, still.
"What do you mean 'boyfriend'?"
I pinched my eyebrows together.
"You need a definition? Like boyfriend and girlfriend." I smacked him with the back of my hand.
"Is that so hard to believe?" I crossed my arms and sunk lower into my seat.
"Stella. Of course not. I'm just surprised. I've worked for the man for five years and he hasn't ever been in one single relationship." He held up one finger as if I couldn't understand without the hand gesture.
"What's that saying?" I was snapping my fingers silently.
"Oh yeah. There's a first time for everything."
He rolled his eyes and grabbed both my hands into his.
"I just want you to be careful. He seems like a heartbreaker. I don't want you to get hurt." He raised my hands to his lips and stared at me over our joined hands.
Carson proved to be my favorite lunch date. We were both laughing, and for once, it was at his expense. He did end up getting laid, but not by his original date. He said fate brought him and Thomas together because they both dumped there original dates and left together. Classic Carson. Finally, we could talk about him. I swear he's been so wrapped up in all my drama, he put his dating life on hold.
We walked back to the office holding hands, both smiling about the new boys in our lives.
"I've got a date with Thomas tonight. Will you be ok at home?"
I cocked my head to the side and curled up my lip.
"Carson, I'm not a child. I'm capable of being by myself."
I hugged him.
"But I sure will miss you." I kissed his cheek as we parted ways.
"I'll miss you more." He called out over his shoulder.
I plopped down on my office chair, letting my feet fly up, causing my chair to roll back. I spun it around while stomping my feet, pumping my fists.
Cloud nine...party of one.
As I spun back around to face my desk, I was met with a pair of crystal blue eyes. Gorgeous blue. The color of the Caribbean. The smirk on his face revealed that he just witnessed my immature display of happiness.
Unaffected, I placed both hands on my desk, stopping my momentum.
I cocked my head back, nonchalantly.
"Oh. Hey. What's up?" My face was burning with embarrassment.
Keep it cool, McDaniel.
"Am I interrupting something?" He strolled in, unaware of his downright sexiness. My stomach fluttered and my thoughts turned dirty.
"If you count my thoughts of you."
Smiling at his pleased expression, I stood, quickly making my way to him.
Throwing my arms around him, I kissed his beautiful mouth, taking his lower lip between my teeth.
"I love it when you do that." He whispered against my parted lips.
"I've missed you. When can we start having lunch together?" His frown exaggerated.
"Is somebody jealous?" I grabbed his hand and led him to one of the chairs in front of my desk. Taking a seat in my own chair, I stared at him.
Could this beautiful man really want me?
"I already told you I'm a jealous person. So yes. Yes, I am." He crossed his ankle over his opposite knee, draping one arm over the back of the chair.
"Well, then you are going to continue to be jealous because all my friends are boys." I shrugged, waiting for his reaction.
His lips pressed into a firm line as he thought about what I said.
I continued before he could say anything.
"But if it's any consolation, you're the only one who gets any benefits." I gave him a wink and crossed my arms over my chest.
"I better be." He dropped his elbows to the tops of his thighs, lowering his head.
He looked up and met my gaze.
"What are you and my brother doing tomorrow night?"
"I'm taking him to the Knicks game tomorrow. They play the Clippers and I feel like it's my duty to make a man out of him. Or at least a man with some swag."
He shook his head.
"I'll take him."
"No. I will take him. I already asked him and I got us tickets already. Not quite the floor seats we had last night, but right behind the bench."
He rolled his eyes.
"He won't be any fun."
I argued.
"I love hanging out with your brother. We will definitely have fun." I wiggled my eyebrows and gave a hint of a smile. I loved pushing his buttons.
"Stella. No fucking way." He quickly stood and placed himself at the edge of my desk.
Meeting his stance, I leaned across my desk. We were almost nose to nose.
"Warner, I'm going to tell you this one time so listen carefully. I do not let people tell me what to do." My voice came through gritted teeth as I tried to keep myself from overreacting.
He inched closer, our noses now barely grazing each other.
"Stella." His tone warning, clipped. "I can barely stand the fact that you're best friends with Carson and he's gay. You cannot ask me to tolerate a friendship between you and my brother."
"Well it's a good thing I'm not asking."
Anger pulsed through his face as he took a step back.
I grinned to myself.
I believe I just won that stand off.
Slowly standing up straight, I strode over to him, wedging myself between him and my desk. As I leaned back on my desk, I fisted his tie in my hand, forcefully pulling him to me. Settling one leg, between mine, I yanked one last time, meeting his lips to mine.
"You're the only one I want." My tongue outlining his lips.
"You're the only one I want to do this to." My lips now moved along his jawline, ending just under his ear.
Taking his earlobe in my mouth, I whispered, "And you're the only one I want to fuck." He gasped, and tensed, shocked at my obvious bluntness. One thing about me, I'm not shy. He was pressed firmly against me, letting me feel how aroused he was.
Is that a gun, or you just happy to see me?
"Stella, I.... ", words failed him as I reached for the waistband of his pants, skimming just above his erection.
With my mouth back up against his, I sucked on his bottom lip as I lowered my hand.
He muttered a "fuck" under his breath as he placed both hands on either side of me, pinning me to my desk.
"You need to start wearing skirts to work." His forehead rested on mine as he tried to get his breathing under control.
"Why would I do that?" I looked up at him through my lashes. I wanted to hear him say it. Out loud.
"So I can fuck you on your desk, on my desk, in the elevator...at any time I want."
Note to self: buy more skirts.
My heart felt like it was going to explode. And my panties needed to be changed.
"Oh." It came out breathy and quiet. I'm surprised it came out at all. I was so turned on and I needed him. Right now.
With two hands, I pushed him off me, practically sprinting to my door. I checked the hall, closed the door and locked it. I pressed my back up against my door, my chest visibly rising and falling at a rapid rate.
I found Warner staring at me, resting on the edge of my desk with his arms crossed. His eyes were dark, looking at me with pure lust.
I wanted to run to him and throw myself on him like an animal. Instead, I casually walked back to him, shedding my suit jacket, letting it hit the floor. Not a second thought about it. As I reached him, I placed my body against his. Starting with his suit pants, I unbuttoned them and then worked the zipper down.
He stood, letting his pants fall to the floor. I bit my bottom lip at the sight of him, in my office, against my desk. My eyes went wide as I took in the sight of him straining against his Armani boxer briefs. A low groan escaped hismouth as I began unbuttoning his shirt. Working my way from the top, I placed a kiss under every button I undid until his chest was completely exposed. Once my lips reached his navel, my excitement grew.
What I was about to do warranted a fucking hand written love letter.
I slowly lowered myself to my knees, never taking my eyes off of his.
"Stella." He mumbled as he clutched my hair.
Once I finally took him in my mouth, a low, throaty moan filled my office. I took him, all of him. I squeezed my eyes shut as he hit the back of my throat.
Fuck me.
"Shit Stella. That feels amazing." I grasped his ass, pushing him into me.
"Fuck. Stella. I can't hold it."
I picked up my rhythm, encouraging him to the finish line. With one hard thrust, he collapsed on my desk, knocking over my pens and jostling some papers to the floor.
I stood, reveling in satisfaction at what I just did. Shit. I've never done anything like that. My face flushed, all of a sudden aware of my uncharacteristic behavior.
Warner was slow to stand up, his hair looking a wonderful mess on top of his pretty face.
"Holy fuck, Stella. That was amazing. You are amazing." He placed a hard, wet kiss against my lips as he tucked in his shirt.
"Have dinner with me tonight." It wasn't a question. He cupped my cheek in his hand and I leaned into it.
"I'd love to." He kissed me one more time and then he was gone.
I sank into my seat and closed my eyes, thinking about what just happened.
What was that?
That was an in office blow job. That's what "that" was. Holy shit.
I'm the office slut.
I laughed out loud and tried my hardest to get some work done. But my body was still craving Warner.
I checked my phone as the screen lit up. One text message from Warner. If it's a "thank you" text so help me...
WARNER: Dinner @ 8:30. Pick you up at 8.Pack a bag. We arehaving a sleep over without any sleep.
All my blood rushed to my core and I giggled into my curled fingers as I put my phone down.
This was definitely the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
*******
It was 7:45. Fifteen agonizing minutes before Warner was to pick me up. I sat on the edge of my bed, literally twiddling my thumbs.Once I realized what I was doing, I stopped, rubbing my palms on my thighs. Why was I so nervous? Surely the awkwardness should be gone, right?
I stood, taking one last look in the mirror. My leather pants fit snug across my thighs and ass. My sweater was oversized with a roll neck. I had on my favorite Jimmy Choo booties and I kept my hair down in loose waves.
My phone dinged.
WARNER: Here.
ME: Coming.
I rolled my eyes as soon as I pushed send.And on cue...
WARNER: Oh. You will be.
I laughed out loud at how predictable all men are. I threw on my coat, turned off the lights and headed down.
Warner stood, propped up against the passenger door of his Range Rover. Legs crossed, hands in his pockets. I slowed my walk as I took him in thru the doors of the lobby. He had on dark jeans with very little distressing. They hung low on his hips, the break in the leg resting on top of some killer black boots. His ivory sweater stretched across his broad chest, which was mostly hidden by a leather jacket. I met his eyes as I pushed the door open, a smile creeping up on his face as I approached.
"You look fucking hot, babe."
Babe? I like that. I like that a lot.
Blushing against the cold night air, I rewarded him with a kiss.
"You look damn good yourself, Jones. You in jeans is my weakness." I smiled against his lips and placed one last kiss on them before he opened the door for me.
As he jogged around the front of the car, I put on my seatbelt and let out a nervous breath.
As soon as he slid into the driver's seat, he placed his hand high up on my thigh. He glanced over at me and flashed me a killer smile before merging into traffic.
"You drive? How normal of you." I smiled as I entwined my fingers with his, resting both our hands back on my leg.
"What made you think I wasn't normal?"
He kept his eyes on the road, hands back at ten and two.
What a nerd.
"Oh.I don't know. You're Warner Jones. CEO of an international financial powerhouse."
I could see him roll his eyes. He reached for my hand and raised it to his lips and kissed the back of it. Such a small act, yet it had such a monumental effect on parts of my body that are hidden during the day.
I met his smile with mine and we sat in comfortable silence all the way to the restaurant.
"Oh my gosh!! Warner, this is my favorite restaurant!!" I squealed as the valet opened the door. The aroma of fresh pasta wafted out the door, making my mouth water.
"Well, I can't take all the credit. Carson gave me a hint." He shrugged, grabbing my hand, leading me inside.
As the waiter poured Warner a glass of red wine, I took a sip of my vodka water.
He took a sip, savoring the taste before swallowing.
"So, Stella. Where are you from?"
"Orange County."
He looked surprised.
"The OC? Wow. I wouldn't have guessed."
I snorted through my drink. I knew exactly why he would be surprised but I asked him anyway.
"Why are you so shocked?" I sat back, amused.
"Well you just don't seem, I don't know, like a rich, stuck up bitch."
That was beating around the bush.
I laughed through my hand that was wiping the tiny bit of vodka that slipped out of my mouth.
"Rich and stuck up? No. A bitch...well." I flickered my hand back and forth.
I continued.
"I didn't grow up rich. My mom was a house cleaner during the day, and then a waitress at night. She spent every penny on me going to private school. So, needless to say, I was the poor kid whose mom cleaned houses. And most of those houses belonged to my classmates." I sighed, briefly reliving the hell they call high school.
If only they could see me now.
He leaned forward, resting his elbows on the checkered table cloth.
"So, I'm guessing you weren't popular?" His face sad and sympathetic.
I laughed.
"Ha. Popular? Try bullied relentlessly. Not only was I poor but I was fat."
Warner choked a little on his wine, making me laugh even harder.
"You? Fat? That's pretty hard to believe." He stuffed a piece of bread into his mouth and I licked my lips in response. I couldn't wait to get that mouth on me.
I reached for a piece of bread and held it up.
"Carbs are my worst enemy. But as a kid so were video games. I'm not talking chubby. I'm telling you, I was fucking fat!"
He couldn't control his laughter and it was contagious.
"Quit. It's not funny. It was traumatic as a teenage girl."
"Ok. I'm sorry." He raised his hands in surrender.
"That's enough about me. What was your childhood like?"
His eyes stared at me over his wine glass, a look that said he didn't really want to tell me.
He carefully sat his glass down, straightening the table cloth around him before looking back at me.
"Well." He was hesitant. "I grew up here and in London. My mom and dad divorced when I was 12. My mom became an alcoholic and my dad's fourth wife is my age. I went to a private school here in Manhattan and then I attended NYU where I earned my MBA with an emphasis in finance and international business. And now Mark and I are running the family business." He said it casually as if he was observing the weather.
Our food arrived and we took a break from our glory days to eat some pasta.
"I went to NYU also and I too, a business major." I smiled, acknowledging our identical majors.
"That's how I met Luke, my roommate. Well, ex-roommate now."
His expression hardened.
"Ex-boyfriend?"
I shook my head.
"No. Not ex-boyfriend. He needed help with some classes and I ended up tutoring him all four years. We moved in together and the rest is history. We never dated."
My eyes began to water as I thought about Luke. I miss him so much.
Warner reached across the table and started rubbing my hand with his thumb.
I pushed my thoughts of Luke aside and remained focused on the beautiful man sitting in front of me.
"I have a question for you." I twirled my pasta around my fork, reading his expression.
"Ok. Go for it."
"Why were you always so mean to me when we first met?"
He let out a low laugh.
"I was a total dick, wasn't I?
I nodded in agreement.
"My only explanation is jealousy. I've seen you around the building and always assumed you and Carson were dating."
I interrupted.
"Everyone did."
"And then you ran into me and ever since then I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. But then, every time I saw you, you were with a different guy. It pissed me off and the only thing I knew to do was to be an asshole to you."
He started smiling into his wine glass.
"What's so funny?" My curiosity peeked.
"I was just thinking about how you blew me a kiss that day you walked to Starbucks. And how you didn't put up with my shit. And your filthy mouth. I love that filthy mouth of yours."
I laughed thinking about how much I cuss.
"I probably should tone it down a notch. It's no way for a lady to talk."
We both laughed.
"Never mind. Who am I fucking kidding?
The rest of dinner was enjoyable and one of the best evenings I've had in a really long time.
The drive home was long and torturous. I took out my phone to text Carson to keep my mind off the impending physical activities that were about to take place. Wait. We are going to have sex, right? I rested my head against the seat, stealing a glance at Warner. Damn I'm one lucky lady.
He turned his head towards me, catching me staring.
"Hey you."
"Hey."
"What are you thinking, Stella?"
"I was just thinking about how gorgeous you are and that I can't believe you want me."
I focused back on the road, unable to make eye contact anymore.
He grabbed my hand and squeezed it tight.
"Stella, you are beyond beautiful. If anything, I'm not good enough for you. Everything I'm learning about you only confirms what I already know.That you are drop dead gorgeous, smart, funny and easy going. You like sports and you literally are one of the guys. You are, by definition, the perfect woman."
He gave me one more once-over before parking the car.
As we headed up, the knot in my stomach intensified.
Here we go.
Chapter Twenty-Three.
"You want anything to drink?" Warner was looking in the fridge as I took a seat on the barstool.
"Do you have any decaf coffee?"
"Yup. I'll make us both some."
I sat, propped up on my elbows, watching him. His kitchen was extremely modern and sleek. All his appliances were hidden behind dark mahogany cabinets.I watched as he removed the coffee maker from it's hiding spot, filled it with water, added the coffee beans and pressed brew. I'm pretty sure that was the sexiest coffee making I've ever seen.
"I'm gonna use your bathroom. Can I just use the one in your bedroom?"
I hopped off the stool.
"Yeah. Of course."
I grabbed my "sleepover" bag and padded down the hallway.
I found myself back in his bathroom, studying it, envying it. The tub was just as amazing as it was the other night. One, two... yup, still five steps down. We would have to get some use out of that later. The shower was also another place we would have to explore. A thousand shower heads and a bench.
Hell yes.
I decided to put on my pajamas. My thermal sleep shorts looked more like underwear and I left the matching henley all the way unbuttoned. It made me look sexy without looking like I tried.
But we all know I tried.
Warner's voice was echoing through the hallway as I got closer to the kitchen. He did not sound too happy. I resumed my position on the barstool and observed Warner as he fisted his hand in his hair, pacing erratically across the kitchen floor, his phone close to his ear.
"You want me to leave right now!? What the fuck, Mark? Why can't you take care of it?" He pounded his fist on the counter causing me to jump.
"Take her. I don't have to go. Dad is being ridiculous. Can't I be conferenced in?"
He still hasn't looked at me. As he began pouring our coffee, his voice became louder, more angry.
Was he needed somewhere? What was going on? And did he say 'her'? My curiosity was driving me insane.
"Fine. No. I don't need to pack. I have extra shit there. Ok. See you in 15."
He slammed his phone down and placed his hands on the counter. I could see his back rising and falling.
"Hey babe. Everything ok?" My voice was quiet and a little hesitant.All I wanted to do was hug his anger away.
He let out a "fuck" under his breath before turning and facing me.
Keeping his head down, he lowered his voice.
"I have to go to London. Right now."
"What do you mean right now?"I couldn't hide my confusion.
"Mark is on his way to pick me up.My dad is making both of us attend a mandatory board meeting."
I cautiously walked over to him, trying to read his expression. Does he like hugs? Would he rather me leave him alone?
Screw it.
I wrapped my arms around his waist, resting my cheek against his chest.
"Well that blows!" I snuggled against him as he enveloped me in his arms.
"You have no idea." He pulled back, his eyes roaming over my attire.
"Dammit.You look sexy." He took his finger and ran it over my lips, dropping it to my neck and down the middle of my chest. He dipped it into my shirtjust a little, exposing my cleavage, before he yanked it, causing me to fall into him.
I giggled into his chest.
"I'm sad to be missing out on our non-sleeping sleepover." I batted my eyes at him just before I kissed him, hard.
"Not as sad as I am." He rested his forehead on mine and let out a frustrated sigh.
"You can stay here tonight. I don't really want you going home by yourself right now."
I shook my head no.
"I'm going to call Travis to come get me. I don't want to stay here without you."
His body stiffened.
"Fuck no. Just stay here."
I took a step back, challenging him with my stare.
"Stella. No. No way.Why do you have to call him?"
"Warner. Give me a break. He drives me everywhere. We are just friends. This is something you are going to have to get used to." I reached for my phone and called Travis. I moved out of Warner's possessive hands, ducking away from his grasp.
"Travis. Hey it's me." I was swatting Warner's hand away as he chased me around the living room.
"Can you come get me from Warner's? Awesome. Thanks."
I hung up giving Warner a look of triumph.
Before he could say anything, the doorbell rang.
Saved by the bell.
Warner let out an exaggerated huff as he stomped towards the front door.Mark came barreling in, talking ninety to nothing, hands flailing about. He came to an abrupt halt at the sight of me. My face reddened when I realized what I was wearing. Or wasn't wearing.
I lifted my hand shyly.
"Hey Mark."
"Hey Stella..."
My stomach dropped when I heard an Australian accent sing through the air from behind him.
Her!!!
"Warner, darling. May I use the little girls room before we head to the airport?"
Elle practically floated in as she made her way into the living room gracefully making her presence known in her cream tailored suit. She casually clicked her pointy toed heels down the hall as she gave me a quick wave before disappearing into the bathroom.
My anger was tipping the scale at an eleven. What the fuck is she doing going to London with Warner?And he didn't want Travis to drive me home?
What bullshit.
I counted slowly from ten, calming myself before I did something stupid. Mark stared at me wide eyed, with worry on his face.
As calmly as I could, I walked to Warner's bedroom to change and grab my stuff. Oh, and verbally abuse my asshole boyfriend.
Shutting the door behind me, I earned Warner's attention. Instead of lashing out, I chose the cold shoulder. I met his eyes in the bathroom mirror and slowly stripped off my shirt then my shorts, revealing my black lace bra and matching thong. I quickly walked back into the bedroom to grab my clothes, Warner right on my heels.
"Stella. Don't be mad."
I ignored him as I pulled my sweater on. I took a wide stance and bent over slowly to pick up my leather pants, giving him a nice view of my ass.
"Fuck, Stella." His tone pleading.
Still ignoring him, I stepped into my leather pants, jumping a few times as I tugged them up.
Shit these are tight.
I zipped up my boots, slung my bag over my shoulder and headed for the door. His hand wrapped around my arm and held me in place.I turned to face him, my eyes boring into his.
"Stella. I'm sorry but she works for my father."
"Ok." I shrugged my shoulders trying to sound as cool as possible.
I wiggled my arm free and tried for the door again. As soon as I cracked it open, Warner slammed it back shut.
"Stella. Talk to me." He trapped me against the door with both hands.
"Please don't be mad."
I pushed against him, giving me the space I needed.
"Oh. I'm not mad. I'm fucking furious. And don't 'Stella' me! You almost had a fucking heart attack at the thought of Travis driving me home. And you are about to spend God knows how long in London with that Australian super model. Fuck that. You're not the only one who gets jealous." I pushed him one more time.
My phone vibrated in my hand.
"Hey Travis. Yeah. I'm headed down. Thanks."
I glanced up at Warner.
"My rides here." The words were ice cold.
"Stella. Stop. Do not leave like this. We need to talk."
"Ok. So talk."
He took a step towards me, looking at me for permission to come even closer.
I kept my hands at my sides as he hugged me and nuzzled his nose in my hair.
He dropped his hands over my upper arms, gently rubbing them, kissing the top of my head.
"I'm sorry I didn't tell you about Elle. I just didn't really want you to worry about nothing. And that's what Elle is. Nothing."
I shrugged, defeated and tired.
"Fine. If that's in fact the truth, I trust you.I'm tired and Travis is waiting for me." I leaned down and picked up my bag.
Knowing this wasn't going anywhere, he gave up.
"I'll walk you down."
I rolled my eyes and let him.
Travis was waiting for me, leaning casually against the passenger door. He looked so cute in his black jeans, plaid shirt and beanie. A smile spread across his face when he saw me and then flattened a little when Warner came into view.
"Oh hey there, Trav.You're the best. Thanks so much for picking me up." I reached up and hugged his neck and he lifted me up as he hugged me back.
Warner cleared his throat as he came to stand beside us.
Have I mentioned I don't fight fair?
"Warner, just throw my bag in the back. Thanks, babe." I turned my attention back to Travis.
"You want to watch a movie? Carson is out for the night and I don't really want to be home alone." I threw a frown on my face and clasped my hands, pleading.
"You don't have to beg. Of course. You're my favorite movie date."
He reached for the door and Warner stepped between us.
"I've got it." He seemed a tad pissed.
Travis got the hint and jogged around to the driver's side.
Warner grabbed the back of my neck, and pressed a firm kiss on my lips, forcing my mouth to open with his as his tongue tangled with mine.
Warner was staking his claim as he turned me and pushed me up against the car door, never breaking contact. His hand lowered to cup my ass as the other pulled my hair, leaving my neck exposed. His mouth hovered over my ear.
"Don't make me jealous on purpose, Stella. I don't like it."
His mouth found my neck, silencing my rebuttal. He kissed along my jawline and then found my mouth once again.
"I'll be home soon. Be a good girl, Stella. I'll miss you."
We were both out of breath when he finally pulled away.
"Warner, you have nothing to worry about. Please hurry home." I placed one last kiss on his cheek and wrapped my arms around him.
"I will."
I watched as he walked back through the doors to his building. My stomach sick with jealousy thinking about the time he would be spending with Elle.
It's a good thing I fight fire with fire.
Travis stuck his finger down his throat and made a gagging sound as soon as I climbed in.
"Shit Stella. You can tell Warner I know you guys are together and that he doesn't have to dry hump you every time I'm around."
Weboth laughed as he drove off.
"I know. He was staking his claim. He should have just pissed a circle around me. He's a bit of a jealous freak." I shrugged, pulling out my phone.
"Hello."
"Hey sis. What's up?"
"James, what are you doing? Are you back from France?"
I looked at Travis and mouthed "it's my sister".
"Yes. I just got back. I wanted to see what you were doing next week. I was thinking about visiting NYU."
I let out a quiet squeal.
"I'm free all next week. I have a few projects on location but you can come with me." My excitement was obvious in my voice. I haven't seen my little sister in months since she left to study abroad.
"Awesome. I'll be there Tuesday. I'll let you know my flight plans later this week."
"Perfect. And Jamison. I miss you."
"I miss you too."
I smiled as I hung up. Travis glanced at me with a raised eyebrow.
"That was my little sister, Jamison. She's coming here to visit NYU next week."
I leaned back against my seat and basked in my happiness. I couldn't wait to hang out with her. I needed a little girl time.
"I can't wait to meet her if she looks anything like you." He wiggled his eyebrows and had a grin on his face that I wanted to slap off.
I hit his arm instead.
"Travis. She's 18. Don't even think about it. And she's my step sister. She's way prettier than me. A blonde, blue eyed Malibu stunner."
He raised his hands in surrender.
"Ok. Ok. I won't." He chuckled, nudging me.
*******
"No. Absolutely not. I am not watching The Purge." I was vehemently shaking my head with my arms crossed.
"Come on Stella. It looks awesome. And I'm here to protect you." He kissed his flexed biceps as I rolled my eyes.
"Somehow that's not comforting." I patted his chest as I walked into the kitchen to grab a beer. Make that two beers.
"Ouch. That hurts, Stella."
He's such a smart ass.
I handed the beers off and ran to my room to change into something besides my tight ass leather pants. When I came back into the living room, Travis was relaxed on the couch, remote in hand, a shit eating grin spread across his face.
"Travis. What did you do?"
I sat next to him and stole my beer from the coffee table.
"You'll see."
Just then The Purge started to play.
"Travis!!" I smacked his chest. "You better be spending the night if you're going to make me watch this shit."
He laughed and put his arm around me.
"I planned on it you wuss."
The movie proved to be as scary as I had thought...times a million.
"Seriously. I'm going to have to rethink my movie partner. Why do you insist on scaring me shitless all the time?"
I gathered our beer bottles, plural, and threw them in the trash. Just a little tipsy. Ok. Slightly more than a little bit. Fine. Really drunk. In my defense, I drank my fears away and one turned into...a whole bunch.
Travis picked me up, cradling me like a baby and carried me to my room.
"This is so unnecessary, Travis. I can walk."
"I know. But this is way more fun." I rolled my eyes and sank into his chest.
My body was surprised as it hit my mattress.
I was laughing so loud at my very ungraceful fall.
"Ouch. You jerk. Warn a girl next time before you throw her down."
I moaned as I rolled off the bed to turn down the comforter.
"What would be the fun in that?" He unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a fitted black tee shirt that spread tightly over his chest.
Gulp.
Don't look, Stella. Don't look. That's what the angel on my shoulder was telling me. The devil, on the other hand, begged me to stare. Warner is with Elle he whispered. I shook the thought from my mind. I trusted Warner. I had to. When Travis reached for the button of his jeans I held up my hand.
"Stop!" I blurted out.I walked over and turned the lights off.
"Ok. Now you can strip." I hurried under the covers, turned on my side and scooted as far to the edge as I could. No touching. Nothing is wrong with this.
Just two friends. Nothing more.
Travis respected my boundaries, hovering on the edge of his side of the bed. I smiled into my pillow and drifted off to sleep.
"Travis, I think your phone is ringing." My mind was still asleep but I swear I could hear his phone ringing in the distance. I could hear his hand feeling around on the table, knocking stuff off in the process.
"Hello." His voice was so cute and raspy.
"Hello?" He repeated.
He put the phone down and covered himself back up.
"Wrong number I guess." He muttered from his side of the bed.
And then it rang again. This time we both sat up. I reached over and turned on my lamp.
Shit. It was my phone. I practically tackled Travis trying to get to it. I swiped across the screen that read WARNER and closed my eyes, bracing myself.
"Hello?" It came out as a sleepy whisper.
"Who the fuck just answered your phone?" His tone was less than thrilled.
I crawled off the end of the bed and went into the living room.
"That was Travis. We watched a scary movie and I made him stay the night." His breathing was all I could here for what seemed like forever.
"Warner?"
No answer.
"Babe. Please don't be mad. This is something we always do. We watch a movie and he spends the night. It's not a big deal."
"Not a big deal? It's a huge fucking deal, Stella!!! How can you not see that?"
I held the phone out from my ear, squinting at his outburst.
"Warner. Calm down. Nothing is going on. We watched a movie and fell asleep. End of story."
"What are you wearing?"
"What?"
"Stella, what are you wearing?"
I glanced down at my baggy sweats and tank top.
"Not what I was wearing at your house if that's what you're wondering."
"You didn't answer my question. I want to know exactly what you have on."
Geez.
"I have on baggy sweats and a tank top. The least sexy thing I own. Ok. Happy?"
"Not even close."
I heard Elle's voice in the background. Wasn't that a lovely fucking sound?Now it was my turn to be angry.
"Oh. Is that Elle? Tell her your girlfriend said hi and I'll tell Travis you said good morning."
How can he be so mad at me when that Aussie beauty was with him?
"That's not fucking funny, Stella."
That made me laugh. I realized how immature I was being but I can't seem to help myself. A yawn escaped me and I stretched out on the couch, closing my eyes.
"Warner, can we please just talk about this when it's a decent hour here. It's 3:15 in the morning. I'll call you when I get into the office. Ok?"
He let out a huff before answering.
"I guess. I have to get ready anyway. I'm still fucking pissed."
I rolled my closed eyes.
"That makes two of us. Bye Warner." I hung up not waiting for him to respond. This jealousy thing was going to be a problem, but I'm not getting rid of my guy friends. They are all the friends I have.
"Stella. Wake up. Stella, it's time to wake up." As my mind came into focus, I slowly opened my eyes as Travis was gently patting my shoulder.
I glanced around, confused, before realizing that I must have fallen asleep on the couch last night.
"What time is it?" I asked over a yawn, stretching my arms above my head.
"7:30. I figured you needed to get up and get ready for work."
I willed myself to sit up, letting out a groan. I rubbed the back of my neck before I stood and stretched one more time before heading to my room.
"Thanks Travis. Want me to make some coffee?"
"That's ok. We can grab Starbucks on the way. I'll take you to work."
I turned and gave him a huge smile.
"Travis. You really are the best." I jogged to my room and called out over my shoulder, "And I'll get ready super fast."
I was fully ready in record time. Even Travis was impressed. The ride to work was quiet and I kept my eyes closed the entire way. I was feeling the wrath of the early morning phone call.
Once we reached Starbucks, I jumped out and grabbed two coffees and handed one off to Travis. I kissed his cheek through the open car window and made my way to my office.
The day drug on, slowly. No Warner and no Carson. I frowned at my computer as I read through my emails. I had to be on location tomorrow in Brooklyn and then The Hamptons on Thursday, spend the night and be back in the office on Friday. My phone dinged.
MARK: So sad I can't make it to the Knicks game. I was looking forward to you making a man out of me.
ME: I was also looking forward to stepping up your swag. I only have your best interest at heart. Raincheck for next Tuesday. I already have tickets.
I was extremely disappointed when Carson turned me down for Thomas. It's to be expected, but still, it sucked to be pushed to second. And even Travis had plans tonight with a woman friend. Wtf? I tapped my fingers on my desk as I stared at Luke's name in my contacts.
Screw it. I hit "call". He answered on the second ring.
"Stella?"
"Hey Luke." It actually felt good to hear his voice.
"How would you like to go to the Knicks game with me tonight?Collin got me some pretty ridiculous tickets as always and I need a date." I'm pretty sure I said all that in one hurried breath.
"Really? Sounds awesome."
"Great. It will be like old times. I'll be at your place at seven."
He remained silent for a few moments.
"Stella?"
"Yeah Luke?"
"It's OUR place."
I smiled into the phone as I rolled my eyes. He is relentless.
"I'll be there at seven."
Chapter Twenty-Four.
Warner didn't answer my phone calls all day.
What- the- fuck -ever.
He wants to play it that way? Fine. But he is not going to like the fact that I am going to win. I sat back, disappointed in myself for playing games. But, it's natural for me to deal with my jealousy by making Warner more jealous.
It's what I do.
I'm 24.
The sight of my Knicks jersey made me smile. This time I paired it with my distressed jeans, converse and my leather jacket. I was trying to look more casual and less sexy for Luke. I swung my ponytail in the mirror, it's habit, and laughed a little at my reflection. Luke would for sure know what I was doing.
The cab pulled up outside Luke's apartment right at seven. I sent him a text letting him know my arrival. A few moments later, he burst through the doors, making me giggle at the sight of him. He had on his Knicks jersey and the most absurd orange and blue beanie I have ever seen.
"Holy shit! I am so jealous of that beanie. Where in the world did you find that?"
He smiled and reached into his jacket as he slid in.
"Ta-da!" He withdrew his hand, revealing an extra beanie just like his.
"Shut the fuck up!" I slapped his chest and snatched my beanie.
I quickly pulled my hair down and placed my awesome gift on my head.
"How do I look?" I scooted my back against the door, fluffing my hair in front of my shoulders.
"You look like the hottest Knicksfan I've ever seen."
I pumped my fist and let out a laugh.
"Thanks Luke! I love it."
He patted my thigh and left his hand there for the rest of the ride. This felt oddly comfortable.
"Collin sure loves him some Stella." Luke seemed amused by our seats that were literally right behind the bench.
"Shut up. He always gets us good seats."
"Not this good."
I took my jacket off and draped it across the back of my chair and looked to make eye contact with Collin during warm up.
A brief history-- Collin and I dated about four years ago. We met at a birthday party and were inseparable for eight months. Oh yeah. Did I mention he plays for the Knicks? Unfortunately, that's what broke us up. He cheated on me. The whole different area codes and what not. Damn NBA players. Can't seem to keep their dicks in their pants. But, we became friends after I hated him for an entire year. And now I come and watch him as much as I can. Hence the jersey I wear to every game. --
The Knicks had a significant lead after the first half. Luke and I sat back with our popcorn as we watched the dazzling halftime entertainment.
Dazzling indeed.
We stopped paying attention midway through, catching up on lost time. I told him about Warner, and I could tell it was hard for him to hear but he was supportive and acted happy for me. He told me he was talking to a girl and that he really liked her. I was genuinely happy for him. It was like we were back to normal and I couldn't hide my happiness. I don't think I have stopped smiling since tip-off.
I felt a tap on my shoulder and followed the pointed finger to the jumbotron. I threw my head back and laughed when I saw me and Luke in our matching beanies and jerseys in the middle of a heart with "kiss cam" written under us. I immediately looked down, shaking my head no. When I looked up again, we were still on there. I laughed again, mouthing "no" the whole time.
And then the crowd started to boo. What? I looked into the camera and shrugged my shoulders not understanding. As the booing continued, I lifted my hands in defeat. I leaned over towards Luke and pointed to my cheek. He pecked it quickly and the booing only got louder.
Seriously? Move on to another couple already.
"Stella. Just do it."
I breathed out a "fuck" and smiled at Luke's puppy dog face.
We leaned in, just barely brushing our lips together. Sharing a nice, friendly, closed mouthed kiss. A roar went through the crowd, satisfied with our public display of affection.
We both started laughing at the response.
When the game was over, we both waited for Collin to come out so we could thank him for the tickets.
After signing a few autographs and posing for a few pics, he made his way over to us.
"Stella, you look so good. I'm glad you could come." I gave him a hug and he then reached his hand out to Luke.
"Hey man. It's good to see you."
We stood and chatted for a bit, catching up. I pulled my phone out and asked the lady next to us to take our picture. I sandwiched myself in between them, arms around their waists. When I got my phone back, I checked the result. I looked good and that was all that mattered so no need to retake. I instantly posted it on Instagram hoping that a certain somebody would see it when he woke up. #stellasandwich
I'm so mature.
The entire ride back, Luke tried to convince me to stay with him. But, I'm pretty sure that would cause WW3.
As we stood outside the cab, I stuffed my hands into my pockets and rocked back and forth on my toes.
"Thanks so much Luke for my beanie. It's my new favorite."
He tugged it down over my eyes and kissed my nose.
I pushed it off my face, giggling into my hands.
"Stella, I had so much fun tonight. Thank you for inviting me." He wrapped his arms around me and kissed my forehead.
"Me too. I'll call you tomorrow. I want to hear more about this new girl." I nudged his side and started towards the door.
Once inside, I checked my phone for any missed calls or texts.
None. Zero. Zilch.
Why hasn't Warner returned any of my messages?
I washed my face and brushed my teeth and decided to go to sleep without trying him again. If he wanted to talk to me, he would call me. I would not be the desperate, pathetic girlfriend.
*******
Wednesday and Thursday flew by leaving only Friday left to remind me of how long it has been since I have talked to Warner. Just one text since Tuesday. All it said was "WTF!" and it was sent with the picture of me, Luke and Collin at the game.
So here we are on Friday, also known as Valentine's Day, all alone. Victoria was going out of town so she let me off early. I wandered aimlessly around Soho, stopping at my favorite boutiques, trying to cure my relationship blues with some retail therapy.
It didn't work. But my closet felt better.
Travis and Carson decided to spend the evening with me, pizza and a lot of bottles of wine. We all decided on a scary movie marathon. It was actually fun since Travis rented only early 90's scary movies, making them not scary at all. Just a bunch of boobs and screaming girls being chased by men in masks walking really slow.
"Holy crap, boys. It's 2am. I don't think I have another one in me."
I reached for the empty pizza boxes and wine glasses, taking them into the kitchen. The boys grabbed the rest of the stuff and helped me clean up. We all were shocked when we heard a knock at the door. I looked at them both, wanting one of them to answer it. There is no way I was doing it.
Travis reluctantly volunteered as Carson and I hid in the kitchen.
"Stella. It's for you." Travis called out after we heard him open the door.
I glanced over at Carson, confused. Peeking around the corner, I saw Warner standing there with a dozen roses, a box of chocolates and a giant teddy bear.
I laughed out loud before running towards him. He dropped everything to the floor, allowing me to jump into his arms.
I closed my eyes as he lifted me off the ground.
"Happy Valentine's day, Stella." His lips brushed my ear, sending a shiver down my spine.
"Thank you. This is the best surprise."
He sat me back down and I gathered every Valentine's Day cliche off the floor. We strolled into the kitchen to say goodnight to Carson and Travis and then practically sprinted to my bedroom.
We didn't even bother to turn the lights on before our lips crashed into one another.
"Fuck Stella. I am so mad at you." He pulled away, pulling my shirt off over my head.
"I couldn't wait to get back here, to make sure you were behaving."
His lips were back on mine and he walked me backwards towards my bed. Once the backs of my kneeshit the bed, he let go and pushed me down on my back. He took both hands and pulled off my sweats, leaving me in only my bra and panties. I was once again thankful for the darkness. A slight glow came in through the windows from the moon, lighting up his gorgeous face.
He stood, my eyes watching him as his gaze swept over my body. With one look he made me feel beautiful. He reached for the hem of his shirt, peeling it off and almost immediately he removed his pants.
Thank you.
He took my ankles in his grasp and yanked me down towards him, my ass even with the edge of the bed.
With my legs resting against his chest, he placed his fingers under the lace, ripping off my panties.
Shit. Another pair bites the dust.
He spread my legs, bending them at the knee. He lowered his lips to my inner thigh, torturously running his tongue up to my sweet spot.
"Warner." I let out a moan as his fingers went deep inside, catching me by surprise.
"Oh Stella. You are so ready."
He lowered his head back down, his tongue replacing his fingers. His hands grasped me from behind, holding me still as he teased, sucked and licked my most sensitive areas.
"Fuck Warner." I fisted his hair in my hands as I tilted my pelvis up, putting his mouth exactly where I wanted it. The sensations coursing through my body had me at the edge of my breaking point. I could feel myself building as his mouth continued to work against me.
"Shit Warner. Don't stop." My breathing was ragged as I neared the cliff. He brought me there so fast. Too fast. I wasn't ready for this to end.
"Stella, you taste so good. I've been waiting a long time to taste you. It was fucking worth the wait."
His words were my undoing, my body responding to his.He placed himself between my legs and sunk into me. Slowly at first and then quickly picking up his pace. I dug my heels into the mattress, meeting him thrust for thrust.
He rested on his elbows, pressing his body against mine. The weight of him on top of me felt good. I ran my nails down his back, encouraging him to push harder, go deeper.
"Fuck, Stella. You feel amazing. So fucking amazing."
He threw his hand over my mouth to muffle my moans. I smiled against them, biting my bottom lip to keep myself quiet.
"Warner, please. Please don't stop." He eased out and thrust back in and that's all it took. He collapsed on top of me, both of us breathinghard, sweat beading over our bodies. He rolled off me with a sigh.
"Shit Stella. That was..." He blew out a breath."amazing."
I rested my cheek on his chest, drawing my arm around him.
"Best Valentine's gift ever." I trailed kisses over his chest, up to his jawline and over his lips.
"I'm so happy you're home."
"Me too, babe." He placed a kiss on my head as I snuggled into his side.
He placed the cover over both of us and within minutes I was fast asleep.
Chapter Twenty-Five.
My room was still dark when my eyes fluttered open. The warmth from Warner draped over my body was causing me to sweat and my urge to pee made me have to get out of bed. I slowly peeled him off of me and I eased out from under him, paying extra attention not to wake him. He must be jet lagged and I wanted him to enjoy sleeping in. I found his tee shirt on the floor and slipped it over my head, letting it fall to my mid thigh.
Before closing the door to the bedroom, I stared down at him. His features much softer when he slept. I loved how wild his hair was in the mornings.
How was this man mine?
I wanted to learn more about him. All his deep dark secrets. Assuming he has some. But what could they be? Why is he so scared of commitment? Surely he was exaggerating when he said he hasn't been in a committed relationship since college.
Careful not to disturb him, I silently clicked the door shut before heading down the hallway to the bathroom.
The light from the TV flashed as I got closer to the living room. Travis was laying on the couch, one hand behind his head, channel surfing.
"Morning Travis. What time is it?"
He glanced down at his phone.
"6:30."
"Ugh. Why am I up?" I trudged a little further into the bathroom. Returning into the kitchen, I started a pot of coffee and grabbed my laptop. I rubbed my eyes, trying to focus but I needed my glasses. As luck would have it, they were laying on the counter. I pushed them up on my face, relieved at the clarity.
"Hey Trav. You want a cup of coffee?" He nodded and I poured two cups. One black and one with Splenda and creamer.
It took me two trips to get all my shit to the couch. Finally, with my cup of coffee to my left and my MacBook on top of my criss-crossed legs, I conducted a little Google search.
I typed in WARNER JONESand a million articles popped up. I clicked on images and studied them all one by one. Holy crap this man was handsome. They were mostly of him at some function with a beautiful model on his arm. And that model being Elle more than half the time. I wanted to throw up in my mouth. Occasionally another girl would have the privilege of being on his arm, including "Samantha". I cringed at the sight of that photo and immediately closed it.
Note to self: I needed to find out more about Elle.
I continued scrolling down the endless rows of pictures and I stopped at one that caught my eye. It was of a much younger Warner, in front of a house that looked like it belonged in The Hampton's, standing beside a very pretty brunette.I read her name. Elizabeth Eubanks. This must be his college girlfriend. The last girl he ever dated. My curiosity spiked and I typed her name into the search engine.
The very first link was an obituary. Her obituary. My eyes went wide as I placed the cursor over it and double clicked.
Her picture popped up along with her eulogy. She was only 21 when she died. A senior at NYU. It mentions her family and her major and a few other details about her life. I didn't really pay much attention. I was searching for cause of death. The article never mentions the exact cause, being very vague. It just states the date she died.
I frowned at my computer as I powered it down. How sad to lose someone you loved.Maybe that's why he is a commitment phoebe.Taking my coffee in both hands, I took a long sip, eyeing Travis.
"Why are you up so early?" I lifted up my blanket and patted my lap, giving him permission to stretch his legs out on mine.
"I can't ever sleep past six. It's just habit. How about you? I know you have no problem sleeping in." He said through a smirk.
I glared at him over my coffee mug, hiding my smile.
"I had to pee." I shrugged my shoulders as I sat my cup down.
We sat in quiet company as we watched re-runs of Modern Family, trying really hard not to laugh out loud. But it was proving to be a challenging feat.
I smacked Travis's legs when he kept getting louder.
"Shhhhh. You're going to wake everyone up." I giggled into my blanket as he tickled my sides.
"Stop it!" I was whisper yelling over my laughter.
"Travis! Quit."
We were now both laughing at our sorry attempt to be quiet.
"You're fucking with the wrong girl, Travis." I gave him a warning glance.
I shoved him in the chest, flattening him against the couch. Now it was my turn to torture him.We both erupted into fits of uncontrollable laughter.
I clenched Travis' hands in mine and pinned them to his chest. Obviously he wasn't fighting me with all his strength.
"Say you're sorry." I cocked my head to the side.
He shook his head no.
I slowly lifted one hand, threatening to tickle him.
"Travis. Say you're sorry."
I let out a surprised scream as I was suddenly jerked up by my waist and draped over a shoulder. Warner's shoulder.
"Warner!!! Put me down!!!"
I was hitting his bare back, going back and forth between laughter and pleading for my freedom. He kicked my door shut behind him and then dumped me on my bed, stomach first. Before I could move, he was on top of me, pressing me into the mattress.
"Stella." His mouth against my ear as he whispered.
"Why do you do this?"
I lifted my hips, rubbing against his groin before answering.
"Do what?" I breathed over my shoulder, through the hair that had fallen in my face.
He let out a moan and stood on his knees as he pushed up the hem of my shirt to the middle of my back. He then grabbed a hold of the waistband of my underwear and pulled them off in one swift motion. Instantly, he was back on top of me, his weight keeping me pinned to the bed.
"Make me fucking jealous. That was quite a show you put on out there." His whisper was raspy with sleepiness. His underwear did very little to hide his excitement that pressed against my lower back.
"What are you going to do about it?" I teased.
Excitement overwhelmed my senses as he took my earlobe between his teeth. He began trailing kisses down the side of my neck. His fingers brushed aside my hair, giving him full access. He turned my head to the side, his mouth finding mine.
"I'm about to show you." He smacked my ass hard before taking off his last remaining piece of clothing.
He gripped my hips, yanking them up. He positioned himself behind me, spreading my knees.He lined him self up and slammed into me. I cried out at the sheer shock of his force. He remained still, digging his fingers intomy hips.
"Fuck Stella." He eased back out and then slammed back into me again. He was punishing me for making him jealous. I bit my bottom lip and looked at him over my shoulder. I dropped lower to my forearms, stretching them out in front of me, perching my ass up even higher. My body grinding against his, I met his momentum. My fingers fisted my sheets as I groaned into my pillow.
His hand ran up the middle of my back as his other hand pulled me against him.
"Stella. Your ass is perfect." He slapped it once before collapsing on top of me.
The feel of his weight on my back pushed me even closer to the edge.
He reached around and ran his hand under the front of my shirt, cupping my breasts. If this was punishment, I'll never be good again.It didn't take much more to get me there and we both collapsed on the bed, out of breath. He rolled us over on our sides, my back to his chest, lightly kissing my shoulder.
"Good morning."Kiss. "Did you sleep well?"Kiss. "I really missed you."
I smiled into my pillow as his fingers left a trail of goosebumps down my arm.
"I did sleep well. And I could get used to this every morning." I rolled over, facing him. I traced his jaw with my fingers and then gently cupped his cheek.
"I really missed you. How was London?"
He rolled his eyes, his face tensed.
"It was a bunch of bull shit. I have to go back on Monday. But I wanted to spend the weekendwith you."
I could feel my face light up at the sound of those words. He flew all the way back just to spend the weekend with me? My heart may have skipped a beat or two.
"How long will you be gone? My sister is coming into town on Tuesday. I was hoping you would be able to meet her."
"Sister?" His eyebrows shot up in confusion. "I didn't know you had a sister. I think I should be back by Thursday."
"Yeah. She's really my step sister, but I like to leave off the "step" part. We have been sisters for almost six years. She was twelve when my mom married her dad."
I rolled on to my back, staring at the ceiling.
"You remember how I grew up poor and my mom cleaned houses? Well, she cleaned Henry's house. One thing led to another and they got married. He's a divorce attorney in Los Angeles. I guess you can say my mom got her happy ending."
I smiled to myself at the irony of it all. I was the poor girl my entire life and then it turned out that my mom married one of the wealthiest men in Orange County. Just in time for me to graduate high school and move to New York.
"You would have thought becoming wealthy would have solved my high school issues but it only made it worse. I lost weight and gained wealth and the girls hated me even more. So if you are wondering why I only have guy friends, I blame it on high school. Girls are brutal.Boys are way easier to deal with."
Warner slapped his hand to his forehead and let out a small laugh.
"Because boys want to get in your pants, Stella. Of course they will do anything to be friends with you."
I could feel him shaking his head and I'm sure there was an eye roll in there somewhere.
"I have never slept with any of my guy friends. Ever. So now what?" I was now on my side, propped up on my elbow, challenging him with my stare.
"That doesn't mean they don't want to sleep with you. We started out as 'friends' and look where that got us." He hit my hand from my chin, causing me to topple over. His laughter filled the room. He was so proud of his little stunt.
"Real mature." My voice strained to sound serious as his laughter became contagious. And before I knew it, he was on top of me, ready for round two.
Ding. Ding.
"Well, this morning is off to a good start." I stretched my arms up over my head as I glanced at Warner over my shoulder. Slowly standing, I picked his shirt up off the floor, and slipped it over my head.
"You look good in my clothes." He said as he pulled up his sweat pants.
"And you look good in no clothes." I ran my hands up, over his chest before reaching around for a hug. His scent tickled my nose as I placed open mouthed kisses along his neck.
"What do you want to do today?" I pulled back, waiting for his answer.
"We just did it...twice."
I rolled my eyes and playfully smacked his chest.
"Besides that, you perv."
He chuckled and said, "I don't care. What do you like to do on the weekends?"
I shrugged and reached for my phone that was sitting on the table.
"Well, it's 10:30. Do you want to go eat brunch? Me and Carson go every Saturday."
His face flattened and I swear he frowned a little.
"What's that face for?"
"Can it just be me and you? I don't feel like sharing."
"You're so weird." I shook my head as I dug through my drawer for a clean pair of panties.
"But yes, we can go by ourselves. I don't feel like sharing you either." I said through a sarcastic smirk.
"Now who's weird?"
"Are you saying I'm weird, Jones?" I reached up and placed a quick kiss against his smiling lips.
"I'm going to shower and then we can go."
I stepped out into the hallway, gathering myself before walking to the bathroom. It felt like I was floating and my heart was about to explode from all the emotions it was having to deal with. This guy was going to be the death of me.
But, what a way to go.
*******
An hour had passed before we were being ushered to our awaiting booth. I slid in on the side that was first and I felt Warner sliding with me. I instantly came to a stop.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. What the fuck are you doing?" My eyes wide with confusion.
"Sitting down." He seemed just as confused.
"On the same side as me? Absolutely not! Get out and over there." I pointed across the table.
"We will not be 'that' ridiculous couple that sits in the same side of the booth. That's a pet peeve of mine." I relaxed a bit as he took the seat across from me.
He lowered his head and laughed as he picked up the menu. I didn't need mine. Carson and I eat here every Saturday. It was something I always looked forward to after a Friday night of binge drinking. But, not today. Today I was here with my boyfriend. That made me smile. Boyfriend. I said it a few times in my head, loving the sound of it.
"So, what made you want to work at Global Media?" Warner was slowly sipping his coffee, keeping our conversation light.
"Ummmm. Well, I was planning on going to law school.Henry thought I would be good at it and I would have a job waiting for me back home. But, the guy I was seeing at the time introduced me to Victoria at a party and we instantly clicked.She sought me out two years later, offered me a job and a ridiculous salary to go along with it. I wasn't in a position to turn it down at the time. And now here we are. I still love my job." I felt out of breath after all that story telling.
He nodded his head, thinking. I could see the wheels turning in that pretty little head of his.
"Who's the guy?"
"What guy?" I squinted my eyes at him in question.
"The guy who introduced you to Victoria."
"That's what you got out of that story?" I let out a irritated sigh before rolling my eyes. "Collin King." I muffled the name just a bit into my napkin as I wiped my mouth.
He leaned forward.
"I'm sorry. Did you just say Collin King? The forward for the Knicks? That Collin King?"
"Yup. That Collin King." I smiled, hoping we could move on.
"So is that why you wear that jersey? And is that how you get tickets?"
I nodded, looking at my hands.
"So, you still talk to him?" He asked accusingly.
I shrugged. "On occasion. He calls me every once in a while."
Don't go all freak on me, Jones.
"I see." His mouth forming a hard line.And that was it.
Now the table was full of awkward silence. Was he really mad about this? We dated a million years ago. And was he threatened? Seriously. He is Warner Jones. The Prince of fucking Manhattan. And don't get me started on Elle. But, I bit my tongue not wanting to add fuel to the fire.
He remained silent the entire way to my apartment, aka, Carson's apartment.When he shifted into park without turning off the car, I turned towards him. He kept his eyes straight ahead, avoiding eye contact.
Ohhh. Kayyy.
"Are you not coming up?" I tried not to sound angry.
"No. I have some work to do at the office." I could see his jaw tense as he kept his gaze forward.
"Right. I'm sure you do." I hastily grabbed my purse and slammed the door shut.
What a little fucker.
My mood shifted when I saw Carson sitting on the couch when I walked in. I threw my purse down and flopped down next to him.
"Boys are such stupid mother fuckers." Carson and I made eye contact before bursting out into laughter.
"Well, they are." I said through my smile.
"From what I could hear, your morning sounded...satisfying."
I covered my ears.
"Eewww. Oh my gosh. You could hear us? How embarrassing." I could feel the heat rise to my face.
"I'm pretty sure Mrs. Cathy down the hall could hear you."
I slapped my palm against my forehead.
"Fuck me."
"Ha! That's exactly what you said."
"Ahhhh!!! Stop it." I was almost in tears from laughing so hard.
"I've missed you."
"Stella. It's been like two days."
"And nights." I whined.
He grabbed me around my shoulders and pulled me to his side.
"I missed you, too."
I curled into him, drawing up my legs onto the couch.
"Tell me about this Thomas fella." I looked up at him and noticed his smile fade.
"Oh. I'm done with him. He's a fucking nut case."
"I'm sorry." I draped my arm around his waist.
We sat there in silence for a little while just enjoying each other's presence.
I finally broke the silence.
"I think your boss is fucking crazy, if that makes you feel better. He gets mad all the time. About nothing." I sighed into him, relaxing as his fingers stroked my arm.
"I told you. He has terrible mood swings. Maybe that's why he has never had a girlfriend. Fucking psycho." He circledhis finger around his ear. "Crazy." He whispered.
"Ok. I get it. Bat shit crazy. But why do I like him so much? Shit, I've known him for two seconds and I can't quit thinking about him. But he is so jealous. And let's face it, that ain't good. I only have dudes in my life.
"The thing is, I think he really likes me too. He came back from London to hang out with me this weekend and is flying out early Monday to go back. But we have one conversation about Collin King and he has to work all of a sudden. On a fucking Saturday."
"You told him about Collin? Yikes."
"What? Why is that so bad? We dated four years ago. Shit. That's the last guy I dated."
"I would be jealous too. And of Travis and Luke. Stella, you are a rare breed. Having only guy friends would be hard for any guy to get used to."
WTF?!
"I know. You hate girls. You were fat and bullied, blah, blah, blah. It's still doesn't make it any easier."
"Hey. Whose side are you on?" I sat up, grabbing his cheeks in my hand.
"Mine or his?"
He tried smiling against my hands.
"Yours of course. But I'm just trying to show you his side. It's not soooo crazy for him to be jealous."
"Fine. Ok. I'll go call him. Maybe we can 'make up' later." I gave Carson a wink and headed to my room.
Warner didn't answer my call or my text. I'm sure he was busy so I decided to go to the gym. I really needed to get back to my routine of working out everyday and eating healthy. I thought about the pancakes I just devoured.
I'll start Monday.
The gym was my favorite place to clear my mind. I checked my email while I stretched. A text from my mom popped up. I smiled and then opened it.
MOM: I miss you. Can you come visit soon?
Before responding, I checked my calendar for upcoming projects and social events.
The next two weeks were pretty busy but I was free the first weekend in March. I quickly texted her that I would be there the 28th and would stay until Tuesday.
Five agonizing miles later, I found myself back on the mat, once again stretching. I was worn out. Why was it so easy to get out of shape? Shit. It has only been a few days, but damn it I'm tired.
I found myself sitting at Starbucks across from Jones International. Debating whether or not I should go see Warner. I hated him being mad at me. Does that make me one of 'those' girlfriends? I knew the answer. Ugh. Gross. I hate those girls. The ones that give in to the boy even though he's being stupid. Just this one time. No really. I'm not doing this again. I'm giving in only this once.
My breath was knocked out of me when I saw Warner getting out of his Mercedes.
Two cars. Really?
I smiled as I watched his hair being tousled in the wind. He had on fitted jeans, a grey v neck sweater and a black pea coat.
Damn my man is fine. He handed his keys off to someone but stopped at the passenger door to let someone out.
Mark? Please be Mark.
All I could see was blond hair whipping through the air and my stomach clenched.
No fucking way.
I immediately dialed his number.
With the phone to my ear, I watched as the Mercedes drove off. I could see Warner and Elle walking into Jones International. His hand on the small of her back as he held the door open for her. Reaching in his pocket, he glanced down at his phone and hit ignore. He deposited his phone back in his pocket without another thought.
Oh no he fucking didn't!
I slumped in my seat as they disappeared into the lobby, anger pulsating through my entire body.
Why was she back??
And then it hit me. He flew back with her. Alone. Jealousy coursed through my veins at the thought of them on the plane together. And now they are alone again. In his office.
Defeated and pissed, I gathered myself up and hailed a cab to return home. I sent a text to my boys.
ME: We are getting drunk tonight fellas! Get your big girl panties on. Carson's place at 8.
Chapter Twenty-Six.
The bar was packed when we arrived, but being the veterans that we are, we were seated right away. The waitress was taking way too long so I cozied up against the bar and flirted with the very attractive bartender.
I'm pretty sure I was laughing a little too loud at things that weren't funny, flipping my hair and possibly batting my eyelashes. I was a bit out of practice.
Having a boyfriend and all.
I made my way through the crowd, carefully maneuvering my body, holding three shot glasses.
"Sorry, did you guys want one?" I laughed as I passed them out. We clanked them together and then threw them back.
"Whew!" My face contorted as I slammed the glass down on the table.
"That's one, four more to go!!" I was standing at the edge of the booth, shedding my coat and scarf.
"Fuck, it's hot in here." I scooted in on Travis' side, nudging him the entire way in.
"So, I've called this very important meeting because I need your opinions." I clasped my hands together, resting them on the table. Looking oh-so-serious.
Carson and Travis eyed each other and silently agreed I was nuts.
Which I am.
"We all know Warner is a bit of a jealous freak. And I," I held a hand to my chest,"get a bit worked up over nothing."
They both nodded in unison.
"Well, he would not return my calls or texts today after he found out I still talked to Collin 'occasionally'." I rolled my eyes at the statement. "And then when I was at Starbucks across from the office, I wasn't stalking him I swear." I placed my hand over my heart.
They both looked over at each other not buying it. I kept it going.
"I fucking saw him ushering Elle into Jones International by the small of her back." I made a disgusted face, encouraging them to be shocked.
"So I tried calling him. He pushed the 'fuck you' button and kept going. I mean, what the hell? What should I think?"
I let out a frustrated breath and slumped against the back of the booth waiting for their professional advice.
"Well, I say fuck him!" Carson raised another shot and we followed suit.
We clanked, threw back and then slammed. Repeat three more times. We were having an amazing time, laughing too loudly, annoying the table next to us, maybe the whole bar.Carson and Travis tried their best to cheer me up and admittedly, it worked.
"Soooooooo... I'm drunk. And single. Well, almost single. Ugh." I slapped both palms to my forehead before looking around the table. Carson and Travis were laughing at me and my attempt to break up with Warner via text. I was cussing my auto-correct.
When have I ever meant "ducking"?
"That's such a dick move, Stella!" Travis tilted up his beer as he moved closer. "You cannot break up over text. It's just wrong. On sooooo many levels." His words were slurring just like mine.
"Fine. I'll call himmm."
Carson gave me a thumbs up and Travis leaned back to enjoy the show.
And dial.
One ring....two.... three rings...
"Hello?" His voice was dark and husky. He must have been asleep.
"Warner?Hey. It's me, Stella McDaniel." This was off to a bad start. "Anywayyy. I was just informing you that I will no longer need your BOYFRIEND services."
I shook my head. What? Boyfriend services? Too late. Just keep talking.
"Stella? Where are you?" He asked, anger dripping from every word.
"That's none of your business."
"Stella! Where the fuck are you?"
"Are you with her?" The words stumbled out before I knew it.
"With who?"
"Don't fucking play around, Warner. I saw you. And her. Walking together. Then you ignored my call. I fucking saw you. You ignored all my calls today. So you could what? Hang out with Elle?" To my horror, that last statement was said in an Australian accent.
"I really like you Warner. A whole lot. Like, more than any other boy I've ever dated."
Ok. He gets it. You like him.
"But I'm pretty sure it's not going to work out." I hung up the phone before he could answer.
Ok. I admit it. I was being a bit of a drama queen. But I totally blame the drunken stupor I was currently in. Also, I guess it was a bit of a double standard considering I was cuddled up next to Travis in the booth. Wasted.
"How was that?" I placed my phone on the table and held my hands up.
"Take that you stupid...--" I was at a loss for words, yelling at my phone. .
"You guys know what I mean. Why am I such a jealous bitch? Am I not doing exactly the same thing with you guys?" Travis threw his arm around me and gave me a side hug and a kiss on my head.
"Yes. Yes you are. But at least you aren't hiding it. He knows where our friendship stands. And plus, I don't think you're that hot." He nudged me playfully. "He will come around. There is no way he is going to take that 'break up' serious. You're wasted."
We both laughed and noticed Carson was missing. We quickly found him putting out the vibe at the bar, phone to his ear. He had one cute little booty. The boys would come flocking in no time.
"Can we get out of here. I am not feeling so hot." I had my head on the table as Travis rubbed my back.
The room was spinning as I stood. Travis held me up by my arm and braced me as we made the walk to the front door. Travis propped me up against the door jam, twice, then he made his way back to Carson to let him know we were leaving. Unfortunately, my body moved itself to the actual door and I closed my eyes as my back pressed against the cold glass. That felt so nice against my overly heated body. Suddenly, the door was jerked open and I tumbled backward, stumbling into someone.
Shit.
I gathered my bearings, my hair a mess in my face. I grabbed my purse off the ground as I was cussing aloud, spitting out a rant to whoever the fuck just opened the door.
"News flash asshole. The door is made of glass. Could you not see me leaning against it? Shit." I bent down and placed my hands on my knees, all of a sudden too dizzy to keep up my verbal abuse. I was a hot mess.
A pair of strong hands grabbed my shoulders, hoisting me up to standing.
I closed my eyes in disbelief.
"Warner, what the fuck are you doing here?" I looked over his shoulder expecting Australian company but to my surprise he was alone.
I was slightly... ok, ok, extremely relieved.
"Coming to get you. Carson called and said I needed to."
What a sell out!
"Well, he was wrong. Travis is taking me home. Thank you very much. Did you not get my message? I don't need you anymore." I pushed past him and let the cold air sober me up. Ok. Let's not get carried away. Sober was the wrong word. My breath was coming out in pants as I stood with my back to him.
Why was I mad at him?
Oh yeah. Elle came rolling back to my mind.
Yup. Still pissed.
I crossed my arms over my chest, keeping myself warm and stable. I slowly turned to face Warner. He stood, staring at me, at a loss for words.
"Warner, this isn't going to work. You have got to see it, too. Look at us. We are always fighting and jealous of one another. It's not healthy." I blew out a breath, waiting for him to say something. Anything.
I continued. Stepping closer to him.
"I can't seem to overlook the fact that you work with Elle. And that's not fair considering who my friends are." I shrugged. Wanting him to know that I was aware of how my friends looked. They were all very attractive guys my age. It was a double standard but I still couldn't help the feelings of jealousy when I see Elle.
"But you purposely ignored me today while with her. And if I hadn't seen you, would you have told me you were together today?"
He tilted his head up and looked me straight in the eye, slowly closing the distance between us.
"It was just work, Stella. Honest."
"You didn't answer my question."
He shook his head side to side and shoved both his hands in his pockets.
"Yes... No." He took a deep breath. "I don't know. I wanted to tell you, but I didn't want you to get upset. And it was work related. She was only there for 45 minutes for a conference call with my dad. Mark was there too. So, we were not alone." We were now standing chest to chest. His breath hot against my face.
He took his hands out of his pockets and framed my face, resting his forehead on mine.
"I like you, Stella. We can make this work. I just don't want to lose you. I will try and keep my jealousy under control. And Mark can work directly with Elle." He bent down and touched his lips to mine.
"Warner, I...." He deepened the kiss, silencing me. A moan escaped my mouth as his hands wandered over my body.
He pulled back slightly, pushing my chin up, our eyes meeting.
"This is new for me. And I know we are moving fast, Stella." His tongue parted my lips, begging for me to part mine. My lips happily obliged and we were in a full make out session in the middle of the sidewalk.
"Take me home, Warner." I barely recognized my own voice.
Without hesitation, he grabbed my hand and pulled me towards his waiting car. My body molded to the soft leather seats as the heat warmed me. Sleepiness crept up and then hit me full force.
I will just sleep until we get there.
Once again, I found myself in the all too familiar bed that belonged to Warner Jones. The smell was unmistakeable. I stretched out from my toes to the tips of my fingers, not yet opening my eyes.The sun was peeking through the curtains so I knew it was morning. And from the splitting headache I had, I must have consumed too much alcohol last night.I moaned out loud as I rolled over in a sleepy haze.
That hurt.
The right side of the bed was empty but my panic was calmed quickly when I heard movement and the television outside the bedroom door. I stretched one more time and carefully got up, noticing two Advil and a tall glass of water on the bedside table.
How thoughtful.
Somehow I made it to the bathroom. I braced myself on the edge of the sink, extremely horrified at my reflection. My hair was a wild mess and my make up was smeared every which way.
I'm too old for this shit.
Without hesitating, I washed my face, brushed my teeth and threw my crazy mane into an even crazier bun on top of my head.
Warner must have changed me last night into one of his white tee shirts, conveniently forgetting to give me pants. I silently thanked myself for choosing good underwear last night.
I finally emerged from the bathroom and padded my way down the hallway. Warner sat comfortably in his leather chair, reading the paper and drinking his coffee.
"Hey you." My voice was raspy from the early morning.
A smile spread across his face, showing off his perfectly white teeth. I took him in. Hair a mess, his white tee matching the one I was wearing and black All Saints sweat pants. His bare feet were crossed at the ankle resting on top of the coffee table.
"Good morning, Stella. How are you feeling?"
"Uhhhhgggg. Is it good? I'm not feeling so great." I squinted one eye, messaging my temples.
"Thank you for the Advil. That was so sweet." I gave a shy smile as I walked behind the kitchen counter, feeling a bit embarrassed by my lack of pants.
I poured myself some coffee, smiling that Warner had my favorite creamer in the fridge. Grabbing the blanket from the side of the couch, I propped myself up against the armrest.Holding my coffee with both hands, Istretched my feet to the side.
"So," I stared into my coffee. "I'm sorry about my behavior last night. I was totally wasted and upset."
He stood and came to sit next to me.
"Stella, we have some jealousy issues we need to work out. I understand why you went all ape shit on me yesterday." His lips turned up and he let out a small laugh.
"Ape shit, huh? Fair enough. But you didn't answer my calls and then when I saw you with her, I couldn't help but go a little ape shit."
"Listen," he started, turning my chin so my face would look at him.
"Elle is a family friend. We have known her since we were in elementary school. I don't like her and she does not like me. Believe me. We only like each other as friends. I would think of all people you would understand that." He shook his head, letting out a breath.
Touché, Jones.
"Ok." I said, my eyes meeting his. "I'll work on my jealousy if you will work on yours. To be jealous of Collin King is absurd. If I wanted to date him again, I would have a long time ago. Ok?"
He nodded in agreement.
"Alright." I placed both feet on the floor and sat my coffee down. "Now that we got that over with, what should we do today?" I slowly moved over him, straddling his lap, draping my arms over his shoulders.
He wrapped his arms around me and slid his hands up my shirt, caressing my bare back.
"I have a few ideas." He reached up and kissed me softly.
"But let me take a shower first. I just had a pretty tough workout."
I pulled back, staring at him.
"What? You've already went to the gym? Shit. I'm so jealous. I guess I'll have to find another way to burn some calories." I smiled againsthis mouth before taking his bottom lip between my teeth.
"Well hurry up!!" I smacked his ass as he got up off the couch.
There was nothing on TV, so I roamed around the house, snooping.I heard the shower still running so I decided to see if I could catch a glimpse of Warner's ridiculous bod.
The door creaked open slowly as I snuck in for a little peep show. The bathroom was full of steam and the glass was too fogged up to see anything but a mighty fine silhouette. I let out a disappointed sigh and turned on my heel to exit the cloud of steam.
Before I reached the door, Warner grabbed me around my waist and picked me up off the floor, my back against his chest. I was giggling so hard, trying to put my feet back on the ground.
"Warner, put me down." I could hardly get the words out as he moved closer to the shower.
"Warner!!! Don't."
He was laughing as loud as I was, not slowing down.
He swung the glass door open and I felt the water cascading down over me. My tee shirt was instantly soaked through, showing off all the goods.
Before I knew it, his lips crashed down onto mine as I stumbled back against the wall. I could feel him against me, ready for me.
"Fuck, Stella." His voice was throaty, full of desire.
"You're so beautiful." He brushed my wet hair away from my face and neck as his lips traveled down. His hands were everywhere, touching, feeling, driving me crazy. My shirt was soaked through and clinging to my wet body. He pushed the V of my shirt down, lifting my breasts up, his lips finding the perfect spot.
My body was heating with anticipation, my heart beat and breathing erratic.
"Warner." I caught my lip between my teeth and closed my eyes, leaning my head against the tile.
I pushed my pelvis against his, encouraging him to move the party further south.
My hands traveled down his chest, over his toned abs and then reaching around to grab his ass to pull him closer. I hiked up one leg, moving against him, my lips finding his again.
"Please." I whispered.
With that, his hands found my panties and ripped them down. He pushed the hem of my shirt up just above my stomach before he picked me up, roughly spreading my legs.I threw them around his waist and my hands fisted his hair as he slid into me.
He rested his head against my cheek as he held me still against his body, his breath becoming shallow as he started to move. His fingers gripped my thighs as he rocked into me. The tile wall cold against my back as the hot water fell around us.
My fingers gripped his shoulders as I arched my back, letting Warner take full control as he rocked into me. He picked up his pace as I lost control of all my senses. My hands began moving wildly over Warner's body as I moaned into him. His lips finally found my lips as his tongue traced my mouth before entering it. I wanted this to last forever but dammit, good things always come to an end. Out of nowhere, my body rocked into a high I've never felt, Warner not far behind me. He gently lowered me down, my legs barely able to hold me up. I rested my face on his chest, catching my breath as reality came back into focus.
"Wow. Remind me to shower with you more often." I lightly kissed his chest before pulling back and kissing his lips.
"You're outrageously sexy, Stella McDaniel. And you are always welcome to shower with me." He placed one more quick kiss on my lips before exiting the shower, leaving me breathless.
I peeled my wet tee shirt off, dropping it with a thud on the floor. I quickly washed my hair and my body, already missing Warner.
I towel dried my hair and wrapped it up into a perfectly twisted mound on my head. I took another towel and fashioned a nice little dress out of it and walked barefoot to the bedroom. I found Warner waiting for me in jeans and a flannel. His beanie loose on his head.
"Want to go eat brunch? Carson, Travis and Mark are going to meet us." He asked as he threw his phone on the bed.
My face lit up. Who is this and what have you done with my Warner?
"The boys are coming?? Is this your way of working on your jealousy, Jones?"
"Maybe?" He cocked an eyebrow as a smirk crept on his face.
I dropped my towel and decided to thank him properly...twice.
Chapter Twenty-Seven.
"See. That wasn't so bad." My fingers were entwined with Warner's as we made our way through Soho after spending two hours eating brunch with my boys.
"You're right." He hated to admit it, but he had a good time.
I've never heard Warner laugh so much in public. He was starting to loosen up.Funny how much he has relaxed in the few weeks I've known him. For two years I would catch glimpses of him, always looking serious with a pained expression. But as I look at him now, he seems comfortable, letting himself have fun.
"What time is your flight tomorrow?" My lips turned down into a frown as I lead Warner into Alexander Wang.
"Early. Too early." He pinched the bridge of his nose, letting out a sigh.
"I don't want to go but I think I can be back Wednesday. I can take you and your sister to dinner that night."
I glanced over my shoulder, flashing him a smile as I handed my items to the sales girl.
"Sounds perfect."
Warner sat silently as I tried on a few things, buying them all. I've been waiting since September for them, the fashion foreplay finally over.
We also hit up Acne, Saint Laurent and Nike. We each bought a few things from all three. I have to admit that Warner has great taste in clothes and he looks amazing in everything.
We had a quiet dinner at my place, eating on the couch as we watched True Detective. Carson wasn't home, so we made out on the couch like a bunch of horny high schoolers. One thing led to another and I found myself naked from the waist down.
How in the world did that happen?
Warner worked his hand down my body with featherlight touches that had my body begging for more.
His finger tips grazed my inner thigh, circling in light strokes before he moved his way up between my legs. I let out a small gasp as he pushed one finger inside, then two.
High school indeed.
I worked against him, unable to stop my body from responding to his touch. He rolled halfway on top of me, keeping the blanket over us the entire time. His free hand cupped my face as his tongue licked and teased my mouth. I created the space I needed, pulling his pants down so I could feel him against me. I then pushed his shirt up as my hands grabbed his back, greedily hugging him against me. I needed him closer. I needed him inside me.
His fingers worked inside me as his thumb circled my most sensitive spot. I cried out his name as my orgasm rocked through my body, taking me by surprise. That was too fast. I needed more.
I yanked my shirt off as Warner rolled me on top of him. I eagerly pulled his shirt off, instantly lowering my lips to his chest, taking my time as I kissed his torso. I slid my body down his, my lips barely breaking contact as I moved further south.
I closed my eyes as I took him deep. His throaty groan filled the room as I worked my mouth over him. I used my hands and mouth to bring him to the edge. I could feel him building and just before I sent him over, I sat up, straddled him and lowered myself slowly until he completely filled me.
"Fuck. Stella." He closed his eyes and his hands gripped me hard around my hips.
I started moving. Keeping my pace slow and torturous. I wanted this to last. He felt so good. Lowering my face to his, I rested my elbows on either side of his face, lightly kissing his eyebrows then the top of his nose. I brushed my lips against his closed eyelids and to each corner of his mouth. His smile rested on mine as I bit his bottom lip.
"Shit Stella." With that, he sat up and laid me on my back.
He kissed me fully on the mouth before slamming into me. His eyes full of desire and lust. It was as if he couldn't control himself.He thrust into me, hard and fast. I closed my eyes, relishing in the feeling of Warner taking control.
"Look at me, Stella."
Uhh. Do I have to?
"I want to watch you." His breath was against my ear. He pulled back, his eyes on mine.
He placed a soft kiss on my lips, letting it linger as he picked up his pace. I lifted my hips, matching him. My hands spread across his back as I moaned into his shoulder. I dug my nails into him as he pushed harder, deeper.
"Warner, yes." My head fell back as my body shook from pure ecstasy as I screamed his name.
He followed close behind, moaning against my forehead, his body shuddering above mine. We both took in a steadying breath as he rolled halfway off of me.
I closed my eyes, fully out of breath.
"That was amazing." I carefully turned to face him, trying hard to stay on the couch.
I lightly ran my fingers up and down his bare chest. His skin was so soft under my touch. A smile stretched across his beautiful face as he closed his eyes, enjoying my touch.
"It's always amazing with you, Stella." His hand lazily found my back and we laid there like that for what felt like forever.
My body sat upright as I heard a door close. I rubbed my eyes trying to figure out exactly where I was, the room was surrounded in darkness. I realized I was still on my couch and with further investigation, I found myself alone. Finding my phone, I turned on the flashlight and at the same time noticed one missed text from Warner. Before reading it, I drug myself to my room, falling onto my bed.
WARNER: Hey babe. Sorry I had to leave like that. I needed to go home and change before catching my flight. I was afraid I wouldn't leave if I woke you. I miss you already. Call me in the morning.
My smile turned into a yawn as I covered myself up. I had a few more hours of sleep before Monday officially reared her ugly head.
*******
Monday morning proved to be a bitch, as it was filled with back to back meetings. Two new clients had reached out to me to help with their new ad campaigns. This was completely out of my professional comfort zone but I was more than willing to take on the jobs. It would be a good way to step out of my protective shell and let my creative juices fully materialize. I would love to eventually move into advertising and this would be the perfect first step.
My week was full and my deadlines were at the end of the week. Tomorrow my sister arrived, Warner would be back on Wednesday and I had a store opening to go to on Thursday. I really needed to be productive at work considering I would be spending all my free time with Jamison and Warner.
I quickly grabbed lunch from the stand right outside of work. Street meat wasn't the most healthy, but damn it's good.
"Stella McDaniel." I held the phone to my ear with my shoulder as I was silently licking my fingers clean.
Gross. Who does that?
"Hey babe. I thought you were going to call me this morning?" He sounded playfully sad.
"I wanted to give you time to miss me. Did it work?" I took the phone in my hand and leaned back in my chair.
"Not yet."
I rolled my eyes.
"Good. Because I haven't started to miss you either."
I lazily spun around in my chair as I told Warner all about my morning. He was excited for me and my two new clients. He was bored with work in London but said he would for sure be back on Wednesday.
"What are you doing tonight? I'm sure Carson is excited to hang out with you and Travis."
"Well, both those pricks have other things to do tonight. So I'm hanging with Luke."
The line went silent.
"Warner?"
He let out a loud sigh.
"Stella, why are you hanging out with that loser? I fucking hate that guy. If he touches you I will not think twice about cutting off his balls."
I gasped at the extreme bluntness of that threat.
"Warner. That will not be necessary. Nobody needs to be going around cutting off balls. Luke will behave. I have no doubt. He was not in the right frame of mind that night. I have already forgiven him."
"I'm just letting you know. If he touches you, I will end him." He paused. "So, what are you and fuck wad going to do?"
I laughed briefly at his over protectiveness and the name "fuck wad".
"Dinner and a movie."
"Sounds like a fucking date." Anger came through the phone.
"It is. A date with a friend. Warner, we are trying to rebuild our friendship. Nothing more. Please don't get weird on me."
"Fine. But call me right when you get home."
"Yes sir."
"I miss you Stella."
"Almost as much as I miss you. Bye Warner."
Ahhhh. Cheese fest. Who am I?
"Bye Warner." Carson's mocking tone brought me out of my embarrassment or maybe made me more embarrassed. I crossed my arms over my chest and glared at him.
"How much did you hear?"
"Enough." He sat in the chair in front of my desk.
"You sound in loooooove." Carson pursed his lips together making a loud kissing sound.
"How old are you? And no I'm not in love. In lust? Absolutely."
And maybe in love. Just a little.
I smiled to myself thinking about last night.
"Carson, he's amazing. And the sex... Holy shit. It'sincredible."
He covered his ears pretending not to listen.
"Lalalalala. I don't want to hear it." And in the same breath, he slapped his hands on his knees, "but tell me everything."
I giggled as I began telling him all the good parts.
"I need a cigarette." Carson was fanning himself as he leaned back in the chair.
"I need a change of panties. Shit." We both laughed out loud as Carson stood up.
"Well thanks for adult story time. That was fun. But, I guess I should go make some money." With that he was gone, leaving me alone with some very dirty thoughts of Warner. Wednesday couldn't get here sooner.
Luke was waiting for me on the curb when the cab pulled up. He looked adorable in his sweatshirt and jeans. His hood stuck out of his leather jacket and his jeans fit just right all the way down to his black boots.
"Hello hot stuff." I said with a smile as he slid in next to me.
"Looking pretty hot yourself." I gave a shy smile as my face heated with the compliment.
The rest of the night was perfect. Dinner held light conversation, laughter filling most of the night. The movie was no exception. I honestly couldn't have laughed harder, eaten more popcorn or enjoyed myself anymore. It was a great night all in all. Luke and I were well on our way to getting back what we once had.
*******
Tuesday had me neck deep in magazine clippings and printed pictures from the internet. I spent most of my time on the floor, collaging my ideas for my two clients. I actually really enjoyed this part. It would be the actual presentation that would have me sprouting hives on my face.
Warner was unavailable all day which made me focus more on work, so that was a silver lining. I got a ton done which would free me up for my busy week ahead.
Before I knew it, it was time to pick up my lil sis.
"There she is." I spotted Jamison clutching her jacket closed, standing with her huge suitcase.
Travis put the car in park as we both stepped out. I rushed over to Jamison and threw my arms around her neck. We both jumped up and down in excitement, causing quite a commotion.
I wheeled her suitcase to a waiting Travis. He took it from me and put it in the back.
"Travis. This is my sister Jamison. James, this is Travis. One of my best friends."
Travis gave Jamison a lingering hug as he winked at me.
I broke them apart.
"18." Iwhispered in warning before we all got in the car. He chuckled as he stepped into the driver's seat.
The rest of the night was relaxing. I was sad to give up the Knicks game, but I was really enjoying the company. We ordered in and it was just the four of us. I invited Luke but he knew Carson and Travis were not ready to see him yet. He would go to lunch with me and Jamison tomorrow.
Luke loved lil James. He treated her like a little sister, always keeping tabs on her through his friends on the West Coast. Which he always relayed to me. But I never had to worry.James was a good girl, almost too good. She was drop dead gorgeous and her body was rockin. She was extremely popular. Prom queen. Homecoming queen. All the things I wished for my entire high school career. She was in the top 3 of her class and she volunteered on the weekends.
Wow. Isn't she amazing?
Travis was sitting a little too close to her, but she was loving the attention, so I let it slide this one time. We ended the night early. Jamison was tired from traveling and I was just tired.
*******
Wednesday!!! Yay. My boo would be home sometime tonight. It was hard to hide my excitement.
"Well. Someone is in a good mood." Carson stood leaning against the wall when I walked out of the elevator.
"What gave it away?"
"That ridiculous smile spread across your even more ridiculous face."
"Sorry. I can't seem to help it. My BF is on his way home today. Thank you very much." I hit him on the chest and pulled him toward my office by his tie.
"Sit." I said sternly to Carson as I made my way around my desk.
"So, I know you are well aware that the anniversary of my day of birth is coming upon us." I cocked my head giving him a side glance.
"And you know how I feel about it." I intensified my stare.
"Do NOT plan anything."
He rolled his eyes dramatically.
"Carson." I warned. "Don't. And don't even tell Warner. I don't want him to buy me anything. Ok?"
He held his hands up.
"Fine. Ok. But you are being stupid, you know. Who doesn't like to celebrate their birthday?" He stood, smoothing out his tie before buttoning his suit jacket.
I found myself texting Warner, for the fifth time this morning, as I sat on the floor working on my presentation.My black jeans a much easier pant to work in. Yesterday's tight ass suit pants proved to be a challenge when crouching and bending.
I kept checking my phone. He never responded so I assumed he was in the air. I haven't talked to him since Monday. That had my chest constrict just a little. But I immediately shook it off. He was busy I assured myself.
Victoria called an impromptu office meeting.Apparently I was getting an intern. I was a bit surprised considering I had no idea that was even a possibility.
I sent a quick text to Jamison and Luke, letting them know to push back lunch to one.
I was finally seated at the table at 1:45.
"Hey guys. I'm so sorry. I had an unexpected meeting with my boss and it lasted forever."
I shrugged out of my jacket as I sat beside Jamison.
We all three fell into easy conversation. Jamison told Luke her plans to move to New York this summer and attend NYU.
"That is going to be amazing. Stella here, really needs to have some girlfriends."
"Hey!" I butted in. "I don't like girls as friends. They're mean and jealous."
I took a sip of my water, cooling myself off. My mind took a short trip down memory lane, focusing on Serena Singleton. Orange County's little sweetheart and my worst nightmare.
"Not all girls are mean, Stella. You can't let one experience ruin you for life." Jamison took a bite of her fish and chased it with diet coke.
"One experience? Try a thousand experiences that lasted the course of12 years. You wouldn't know because you look like that." I waved my hand over her gorgeous face. "And I looked like Honey Boo Boo with a tan."
Luke and Jamison erupted in laughter, both agreeing with the comparison.
"I've seen pictures." Luke said as he was trying to quiet his laughter.
"Some are still framed at the house." They both started laughing again.
"Ha ha ha. Very funny. We get it. I was fucking fat." I rolled my eyes and sat back in my chair, pushing my plate away.
Luke excused himself to go to the bathroom, leaving me with my little sis.
Jamison's eyes went wide as she stared at something behind me. She leaned in and lowered her voice.
"Holy cow. That guy is so hot." I started to turn my head.
"No. Not yet. Don't turn around yet." She braced my hand, waiting to give me the go. She finally nodded and I nonchalantly looked over my shoulder. I immediately snapped my head back.
"Bull shit." I said it to myself under my breath but she caught it.
"Do you know him?"
I hung my head in disbelief. He hasn't even told me he was back.
"Yup. That's Warner Jones. My boyfriend."
Chapter Twenty-Eight.
My face was burning as all the blood rushed to it. If possible, it might have exploded with my rage. Warner is sitting four tables away with Elle.
What. The. Actual. Fuck!
So let's just get this straight. Warner hasn't called or even texted me since Monday.
STRIKE ONE.
Let's not forget that he is at lunch with Elle.
STRIKE TWO.
Oh and I'm sorry. When did you get back to fucking America? Thanks for the heads up, dip shit.
STRIKE FUCKING THREE.
I threw a wad of cash down on the table and stood abruptly and walked off without giving Jamison warning. But she's a smart girl, so she followed close behind. I slowed my pace as I approached Warner. Elle's eyes went wide at the sight of me.
I took a deep breath and gently laid my hand on his shoulder and mustered up the sweetest voice I could find.
"Well. Doesn't this look fun."
I drug my fingers over his shoulders, not stopping to see his reaction.
I flashed a glance back and could see he was already standing. Jamison caught up to me with a slight jog as we made our way outside.
Please let us catch a cab. Please.
As soon as I lifted my hand I could feel him behind me. Determined not to turn around, I kept my eyes on the street, searching for a cab. Without looking at him, I stopped him and whatever lame excuse he was about to spit out.
"Warner. Not right now. You do NOT want to know my thoughts so don't open that fucking can of worms."
I hugged my arms to my chest trying to warm myself up. In my haste, I left my jacket on the back of the chair. But hell if I'm going to go back in there to get it. I would rather buy a new one.
Poor Jamison was so confused so she just stood silently next to me. I reached for my phone and texted Luke to meet us outside. I completely forgot all about him. Oops.
"Stella, thanks for forgetting about me." Luke laughed as he came running up, doing a double take at the sight of Warner.
He glanced between the two of us and joined Jamison in confusion. My face begged him not to ask any questions.
Where is the cab?
Finally, a taxi came to the rescue. Luke held the door open, letting Jamison get in first. When it was my turn, I was pulled back by a strong grip.
This seems to happen a lot these days.
I let out a loud sigh and allowed myself to face Warner. I told Luke to go ahead and take Jamison to my office and I would meet them there. If Warner wanted to hash it out, then hash it out we shall.
Before getting in the cab, Luke took off his jacket and draped it across my shoulders. He kissed my cheek and I smiled at the very chivalrous gesture. Him and Warner eyed one another for a moment and then he was gone.
"Stella..." He started and I quickly interrupted.
"Don't you fucking 'Stella' me. I have been waiting for you to get back all week. Not one word from you, BY THE WAY, since Monday afternoon. What the fuck was that about? And now you show up without telling me? And what's worse, I have to catch you at lunch. I'm sure you thought you were safe eating at two in the afternoon. But, the universe is a mother fucking bitch, ain't she? Shit. How long have you been back? Did you even go to fucking London?"
I was furious. My hands were flailing around everywhere and my words were a jumbled mess as my voice cracked during my rant.
He let out a breath and took a step towards me. Which then lead me to take a step back. I will not let him use his sex appeal to distract me.
He stood there, eyeing me.
With a huff, I turned back around. I'm not really into staring contests. His arms were suddenly wrapped around me, his nose grazing my neck.
"Stella. I was trying to surprise you. I stopped to get some lunch before coming to your office."
I rolled my eyes.
"That sounds like a convenient alibi. Looks to me like you got busted."
I shrugged out of his hold, stepping away from him.
Dammit he smelled good.
"Taxi!!!" I screamed, so desperate to get out of there.
"Just go back to your lunch, Warner. I don't believe you. And just so you know, I am surprised. So, congratu-fucking-lations."
The taxi barely came to a stop before I swung open the door.
"Stella." His voice pleading. "Please talk to me. I was going to come see you right after lunch. I swear. Just come back into the restaurant." He reached for my hand. But my mind was already made up. His charm and good looks were no match for that.
"No thank you. I don't like being third wheel." I slammed the door and immediately rolled down the window.
"You fucking suck, Warner!"
Real smooth.
Luke and Jamison were waiting in my office when I got back. I quickly walked around my desk, throwing my stuff down on the floor. My chair lowering a few inches as I sat down.
"Guys fucking suck!" I buried my face in my hands before peeking up at my guests.
They both stared at me for an explanation.
"Ok. Here's the Cliff Notes version. James, that was my boyfriend, Warner. Who I think I may be falling in love with. Why? I have no fucking idea.As you both know, he's been in London since Monday. I haven't talked to him since Monday afternoon. He shows up in New York and never told me he was back. And we bust him eating with that fucking Australian pain in my ass."
I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself down. I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples trying to ease all the built up tension.
Jamison was first to speak.
"That guy is your boyfriend? Wow. He is one hot piece of ass, big sis. I am so proud. I didn't think you would ever find hotter than Collin."
I rolled my eyes at her aloofness to the situation.
"James. Focus. Did you not hear what I said? It's obvious he doesn't like me as much as I like him or he would have called or at least texted me this week. Isn't that right, Luke?"
He was caught off guard but recovered quickly.
"Yup. That's right." He was looking at his hands.
"Whoa whoa whoa! You don't think he likes me?" My voice was sad that he was agreeing with me.
"Stella. First of all. You're in love with him?" He wouldn't look at me, his eyes cast down. "And second,you asked me to agree with you. Don't freak out and get all girly on me. I honestly don't know. I do know it's fucking shady that he hasn't talked to you all week. And then he is back in town and never told you. Shit. If I were your boyfriend, I would want to talk to you every day and you would definitely be the first person I called when I was back in town."
My door slammed shut, causing all of us to jump.
"Well, you're not her fucking boyfriend are you? I am." Warner stood there with his arms crossed, his lips pressed in a hard line.
Luke stood, facing Warner.
"You're right, I'm not. But if I was, I'd be better at it then you."
They both crossed the room to one another. I quickly ran around my desk, preparing myself to break up a fight.
Warner let out a fake laugh.
"Better at it? 'Better' as in you would beat the shit out of her?"
I winced and Luke's whole body stiffened as his hands fisted at his sides.
Warner continued. They were now chest to chest.
"Maybe you should get the fuck out of this office before I make you. You deserve an ass kicking and I would love to give it to you."
Luke pushed Warner and he took a few steps back, a smile spread across his face.
"Bring it on, pretty boy. I love Stella more than you and I will never hurt her again." Luke said through gritted teeth.
I Interjected. I did not want a throw down in my office. Although it was kind of hot that these boys were about to fight over me.
I snapped myself out of it.
"Hey. You two. Break it up." I stepped in between them holding them apart with my hands.
"Warner, go sit. We need to talk." I glared at him before turning to Luke.
"And you, take James shopping, please. She needs to get something for tomorrow night."
My expression softened at the sight of Luke and the fact that he was about to get his ass kicked over me. Luke would never admit it, but Warner was slightly bigger and I'm pretty sure he would have knocked Luke out. He really was my best friend and in that moment I was happy to have him back.
He stepped closer to me, lowering his voice to my ear.
"Are you sure? I can get him to leave if you want me to."
I smiled at the offer.
I pulled back, laying my hand on his chest.
"Yeah I'm sure. It's him," I raised my expression towards Warner, "that should be scared."
We both laughed. I walked over to Jamison and told her Luke would take her shopping and that we would all go to dinner tonight. With a round of hugs, they were gone.
As my door clicked shut, I let my hand linger on the knob before turning around. I inhaled a deep, steadying breath, smoothed down my shirt and held my head high as I made my way back to my office chair. I could feel Warner's eyes on me.
Sitting with pristine posture, I organized some papers on my desk and sat them to the side and straightened my pens and then my mouse. I interlocked my fingers and rested them on my desk. My eyes met his as I leaned forward, resting on my elbows.
"Well..." I raised my eyebrows. "You have something you want to say? And just so you know, I don't have all fucking day. So get to it." I opened my top drawer removing a nail file and began filing my left index finger, never taking my eyes off him.
He leaned his elbows on the tops of his thighs, resting his face in his hands.
"Stella. I fucked up, ok. This is what I do. I realized on the plane how big of a dick I have been all week."
I nodded in agreement.
"And then when I landed, I felt like it was too late to make up for my lack of communication and I freaked out. I was going to come to your office first thing, but Elle wanted to eat before..."
I held up my hand for him to stop talking.
"Awwww.So Elle wanted to eat lunch? Was she hungry? Poor thing." My voice mocking giving-a-shit. "Does she need a fucking babysitter? I didn't realize she was incapable of eating by her damn self. Thank you for putting her needs before me. But what's fucking new?"
The F word was definitely the word of the day. I could not seem to quit dropping it.
Fuck.
I was now standing, palms down on my desk.
"Why didn't you call me? Text me? Email me? Tweet me? Facebook me? Shit. The possibilities were endless. You chose silence. So, that's also what I'm choosing." I pointed to my door.
"Get the fuck out of my office. Don't call me or text me." I let out a humorless laugh.
"That shouldn't be too hard."
He slowly stood, staring at me with pleading eyes. An apology was on the tip of his tongue. I could feel it. He took a step towards me, then another until he was right up against the front of my desk. I tore myself away from his gaze and walked hastily towards my door.
"If you're not leaving then I am."
I swung the door open, freeing myself from the suffocation of Warner's presence. All I wanted to do was rip his clothes off. I needed to get away from him. I would not let him win this fight. He admitted to fucking up and he must suffer the consequences. But damn if I wasn't suffering as well.
I found myself walking towards Carson's office. Please let him be there. I turned right and then left. Almost there. From a distance I could here people greeting "Mr. Jones" so I knew he wasn't far behind.
I quickly ducked into Carson's office, closing the door and leaning against it. Carson gave me a 'what the hell' look as I caught my breath.
"Sorry Carson. I'm hiding from your boss. "
He questioned my statement.
"Warner 's back already? I didn't think he got back until tonight?"
"You and me both. I busted him at lunch with Elle. Blah blah blah. He got caught and now he's trying to say he was surprising me. Lame."
As soon as I stepped away from the door, it flew open. Warner was standing there looking oh-so mouth watering. He lost his suit jacket between my office and here and his tie was loosened at the top of his crisp white button down. His face was tense and his jaw was clicking against itself.
Oh. You're pissed? Puh-lease.
"Stella. Can I have a word with you?"
"Nope." I took a seat on Carson's couch, propping one arm up across the back.
"Fine." He walked over towards Carson, who looked perplexed by the events happening around him.
"Carson, can you please excuse us? I need to speak with Miss McDaniel in private."
Carson stood and walked around his desk, staring at me the whole time. I shrugged my shoulders and shook my head. I mouthed an "I'm sorry" as he walked out the door.
Warner leaned back against Carson's desk, crossing his arms over his chest.
"Stella. What do I have to do? I'm sorry, ok. You were right. I fucking suck."
He pushed himself off the desk and joined me on the couch. I crossed my legs away from him and kept my gaze straight ahead.
"These feelings I have. They're new for me. You. You're new for me." He scooted closer, his body grazing mine.
He cupped my face and turned it towards him. His blue eyes the brightest I've seen them. I parted my lips, ready for him to kiss me. His fingers brushed my cheek and then along my jawline. He tucked my hair behind my ear before continuing.
"I haven't felt this way ever. I can't lose you. Please forgive me." His lips now only a breath away, his voice lowered to a whisper. My heart was racing and my body was begging to be touched.
His thumb pushed down my bottom lip and I closed my eyes at the contact.
"I think I'm falling in love with you, Stella. Is that crazy?"
My eyes flew open in surprise. Love? It's only been three weeks. Was it possible to already be in love? I know how I feel. I feel in love with Warner. But Warner in love with me? It was hard to believe. But here I sit, being told that, in fact, Warner Jones is in love with me.
"No." My voice barely audible. "It's not crazy. I'm in love with you, too."
He smiled against my mouth before placing his lips on mine. It was tender and slow. The softness of his lips pressed against my mouth. His tongue caressing mine.He gently laid me back, one hand under my head, the other unbuttoning my shirt. After all the buttons were undone, his hands were all over my body. He cupped my breasts with both hands as his mouth kissed me through my lace bra.
"You have too many clothes on." His mouth was now skimming my stomach as he started unbuttoning my pants. My hands were in his hair, my hips tilted up, encouraging him to go further.
His tongue teased me along the waistband of my panties.
"Warner. Please." I pleaded, not ashamed of how bad I wanted him.
The knock at the door startled both of us and we sat up in record time. Shit.
"Just a second, Carson." I was so thankful Carson knew better then to open the door right away. Warner was laughing as he stood, adjusting himself.
I buttoned my shirt and quickly tucked it in. I smoothed my hair and gave Warner a once over, giving him one last kiss.
"Ok Carson. You can come in."
Carson was hesitant when opening the door. He eyed me up and down and smiled. He knew.
Warner cleared his throat.
"Thank you, Carson, for the privacy." He held his hand out and I took it. I glanced over my shoulder at Carson and gave him a wink.
"See you tonight?"
"Game night? I wouldn't miss it. Nothing makes me happier than beating you."
I rolled my eyes and stopped walking.
"When have you ever beat me?" I challenged.
Before he could answer, we were in the hallway. I wrapped my arms around Warner's neck, hugging him close.
"I thought I was taking you and your sister to dinner?"
"You can. Let's just make it an early dinner. James wanted to hang at home tonight with the boys. So game night was created." I kissed his lips.
"Ok. Sounds fun." He kissed me back.
"I need to go back to work. I have those presentations to finish." My fingers were in his hair, making it crazier then it already was.
"I'll pick you guys up at seven."He bent down to kiss me one more time.
"And Stella. I love you."
I'm pretty sure I stopped breathing and the world stopped spinning. No boy has ever said those words to me.
"I love you too, Warner."
Chapter Twenty-Nine.
"Hey!!! You cheated!!" Everyone was laughing as I tackled Carson and snatched the buzzer out of his hands.
"Why even have this thing if you're not going to use it!"
Carson pushed me off of him, laughing.
"Stella. He didn't say any of the words."
"He made noises and sound effects. Clearly a violation." I glared at Travis.
He knew he cheated and he was rubbing it in my face with that smirk smeared across his face. I stood and gestured between my eyes and his.
"I'm watching you, Travis." I gathered up the beer bottles and took them to the kitchen. Game night was a success. Everyone seemed to be having fun and Celebrity Taboo was my specialty and I'm very competitive, so winning felt good.
"Someone is crazy when it comes to game night." Warner hugged me from behind, kissing along my neck.
I tried to act shocked.
"Who? Me? Why would you say something like that? I like games as much as the next person."
"You like to win more than anyone I have ever met."
I bumped my ass into him and turned around. I grabbed the waistband of his jeans and pulled him into me.
"I do like to win. At everything. Never forget that." I kissed him and ran my hands up his back, feeling his body pressing up against me. He lifted me up on the counter, moving his body between my legs. I gripped the sides of his face, deepening the kiss.
"Ahem."Travis cleared his throat.
We broke apart, my face blushing ever so slightly.
"Hey. Sorry Travis." I giggled as I jumped down."I haven't seen my boyfriend in a long time." Warner smacked my ass as I walked past him. I stumbledforward and squealed at the contact.
After we put the living room back in order, I walked Warner downstairs.
"I had fun tonight. I really like your sister. I think she will do well at NYU." Warner was holding my hand loosely as we walked towards his car.
"I had fun, too. Thanks for hanging with my peeps." I nudged his side playfully.
We stopped beside his Range, he was holding both my hands in front of him.
"I love you, Stella."
I wrapped his hands around my waist and leaned into him.
"I love you, too, Jones. I sure wish we could finish what we started twice today." I reached up and took his bottom lip between my teeth knowing it would drive him crazy.
"Fuck, Stella. You can't do that shit." He moaned against my lips before shoving his tongue in my mouth. We were both out of breath when we finally broke apart.
"Wear a skirt tomorrow." He whispered, a smile on his face.
"Yes sir, Mr. Jones." I wiggled my eyebrows and pushed him away.
*******
"Happy Birthday!!!!" Jamison and Carson both jumped on my bed at the same time.
I pulled the covers over my face and groaned in irritation.
"You guys! Do not spread that terrible rumor around. It's just Thursday. No big deal."
Carson swiped the covers from my face.
"It's not a rumor if it's true. And, well, it really is your birthday. So..."
I rolled my eyes.
"Fine. But please don't go around telling people. Especially Warner. I do not want any hoopla surrounding this day."
"Hoopla?" Carson snorted.
"Yeah. Hoopla." I punched him in the arm.
Jamison gave me a big hug and a small box with a bow.
"James. You know I don't do gifts." I smiled sweetly at her.
I tore the paper off and opened the box. My eyes immediately filled with tears. I slowly removed the picture frame, holding it with two hands. I grazed my fingers over the glass, resting them on the picture of my dad. I wiped my tears from my cheeks as I stared long and hard at the happy family staring back at me.
"Where did you get this?" My voice shaky, in disbelief.
"I found it when we moved and I thought you would like to have it."
I threw my arms around her and my emotions got the best of me. I let myself cry on her shoulder as she held me close.
"Thank you, James." I pulled back and took the picture back into my hands and held it out to Carson. It was of me, my mom and dad on the beach when I was 13.
"Wow. Stella. Your mom and dad are a gorgeous couple."
"Were. They were a gorgeous couple. My dad died a few months later from cancer."
He looked at me surprised. He didn't know. No one did. Not even Luke. I never talked about it after. I sort of shut that part of my life out, never fully getting over it.
"My dad and I have the same birthday." I looked up, trying to keep my tears at bay.
"That's why I hate my birthday so much." I shrugged and sat up, placing a fake smile on my face.
"But enough with being Debbie Downer. I gots to get ready for work." I threw my covers off and scooted my way to the end of the bed.
"James, thank you so much. It's the best gift I've ever gotten." I kissed her forehead.
"And Carson, thanks for keeping my birthday secret." It was a premature thank you, but he got my drift.
I kissed him on the cheek and headed to the shower.
I pulled out a flirty little skirt and braved the cold by not putting on any tights. That would certainly defeat the purpose of easy access.
That got me to smile. I threw on an oversized sweater, pulled up my over the knee bootsand stained my lips with red. I took a look in the mirror.
25 didn't look so bad.
As soon as I stepped off the elevator, I spotted my extremely handsome boyfriend and his gorgeous older brother.
"Mark! Get your ass over here!" I took a wide stance and perched my hands on my hips. I took my finger and pointed to my side.
He let out a laugh and mocked my stance.
I rolled my eyes and conceded.I walked up and hit him on the arm.
"Where have you been all my life?" I hugged him and then turned to Warner.
"Good morning, Mr. Jones." I gave him a wink and he captured me around my waist, placing a kiss on my lips.
"Good morning, Miss McDaniel. You're looking extremely beautiful this morning." He spoke against my lips, and I could feel Mark getting uncomfortable.
I held him at arms length and smiled.
"Thank you. You look handsome as always. And you," I turned my attention to Mark, "look handsome as well. And a bit uncomfortable. Not a fan of PDA?" I cocked my head to the side and grabbed Warner's ass.
He smiled and rolled his eyes.
"You two are ridiculous."
I was nodding my head sarcastically.
"And no, I'm not a fan of watching you make out with my brother."
I was still nodding, adding a frown for dramatic effect.
I held my hands out.
"You feel left out? Come here."
He was hesitant, looking at his brother.
"Come on. Bring it in. Let's hug it out."
He stepped closer and I met him halfway, reaching up and hugging his neck.He finally returned the favor, wrapping his strong arms around my waist. He picked me up briefly, causing me to giggle into his chest.
"Alright big boy. Feel better?"
He sat me down.
"Not really." He jokingly nudged my side.
"Should we make out then?" I laughed as Warner separated us.
"That will not be necessary." He backed me up against the receptionist desk, caging me between his arms.
This is a lot of public display of affection. I'm guessing the whole floor now knows we are together.
"You jealous, Jones?" I pulled on his tie, lowering his face to mine.
"You bet I am." He closed the gap between us and his lips crashed into mine.
"I have a lot of work to do this morning. But you want to order lunch in and eat in my office." I whispered against his neck, hoping he would get the subtle hint I was dropping.
His hand grazed my upper thigh, skimming the hem of my skirt.
Subtle hint understood.
"I'll be there at noon." His voice husky, undeniably turned on.
I let go of his tie and straightened it, helping him look presentable.
"I love a nooner." I kissed his cheek and walked away towards my office.
As I walked through the door, I was greeted with what looked like a thousand balloons and the most obnoxious display of flowers you have ever seen. I shook my head as my lips turned up into a half smile. Luke. He always did something ridiculous for my birthday, knowing that I don't want to ever celebrate this day.
I swam my way through the balloon strings, making it to my desk. My phone in hand, I immediately called Luke.
"Happy Birthday, baby girl!!!!!" His voice full of laughter, knowing exactly what he did.
"Thanks, Luke. I think you really out did yourself this year. Way to keep it subtle." I hung my jacket on the back of my chair and turned on my computer.
"What are your plans tonight? Anything special?" I knew he was hinting around like he was left out of something. Travis and Carson haven't really warmed up to him yet. Not allowing him back in the circle of trust.
"No. Nothing planned that I know of. I have to go to a boutique opening and then I was going to take James out after. You are more than welcome to come. She leaves tomorrow. I think Trav and Carson are coming. Warner and Mark are supposed to. They have to meet us later because of a business dinner."
He was silent for a moment, thinking over my invitation.
"Please Luke. Just come. It's my birthday after all."
He let out a sigh and agreed to meet us after the store opening.
Both presentations were tomorrow and I was nearly ready. Just a few last minute details that needed to be cleaned up. I had to tweak my board and have a few things photo copied on nicer paper. But all in all, I was ready. I really could have used my intern this week. Too bad she starts Monday.
It was 11:30 so I decided to order our lunch. I walked around gathering all the balloons, I counted 75, as I moved them to one corner of my office. Leaning down, I smelled the flowers that were devastatingly beautiful and absurdly large.
I tipped the delivery guy, and laid out our food on top of my desk. I checked my watch. 12:07. I sat back down at my desk, popped a piece of gum in my mouth and waited.
And waited.
And waited.
My watch now said 12:32. My stomach began to growl and my skin tingled from the nervousness. What was I nervous about? Who knows. But where was Warner? He set the time. I sighed aloud to myself, taking out my phone. No missed texts and no missed calls. What bull shit! I'm giving him 10, no, five more minutes before I go postal in this place.
Times up.
I gathered all the food up off my desk and chunked it. It was now 12:40 and I didn't want to be here if Warner decided to grace me with his presence. I texted Carson on my way to his office. I guess I could have just waited but I needed something to do with my hands. Punching walls wasn't really very professional.
I rounded the corner to an eruption of high pitched laughter. I rolled my eyes in disgust. Some girls have zero dignity. They give the rest of us a bad name. I was just about to walk into Carson's office when the high pitched laughter turned into an even more annoying high pitched voice.
"Oh Warner. You're being so funny." The voice whined from beyond the hall.
I froze, wanting to hear more. A few more giggles and then silence.
"You want to go to lunch?" She purred. I could imagine the fake boobs that accompanied that voice. She was probably wearing a too tight dress made of stretchy polyester and carrying a Coach bag... from '09.
"Shit! What time is it?" Warner's voice sounded panicked.
I heard a rustling and the sound of footsteps closing in. I quickly snuck into Carson's office, hiding myself. Carson's face was shocked as I put my finger to my lips, begging him to be quiet. I listened with my ear pressed against the door. When the coast was clear, I turned to Carson.
"Get your shit. We are getting out of here."
We took the stairs down one flight before hopping in the elevator. I put on my sunglasses, hoping to shield myself from the world. I know it's a dick move, wearing sunglasses indoors. But, I was not in the mood for small talk with every person that decided to share the ride down. And, it's my fucking birthday, so...
Carson decided we should eat at our favorite burger place. Fine by me. I love a cheeseburger and fries. And add in a milkshake, and my day just got a little better. I fisted the burger with both hands, closing my eyes at the taste of it.
"So, why are we hiding?" Carson was dipping his fries in mayonnaise.
Sick.
"Boyfriend problems. What's new? I feel like a broken record, always coming to you about it. We don't have to talk about it. I just really wanted the company. What's new with you?"
He smiled before he took a bite of his burger.
"Well, since last night? Not much. However, I do have to go to the West Coast next week. I leave Wednesday and I'll be gone through the weekend."
My eyes lit up.
"Where on the West Coast?"
"Palm Springs. I have to meet with a few clients. Wine and dine them. You know. It's what I do." He shrugged, downing his water.
"I'm going home next weekend. Maybe we can meet up. I'm leaving on the red eye Friday and coming back Tuesday."
He looked at me with question. He didn't believe me. And rightfully so. I haven't been home since I moved here and he knew that. So let's see, it's been six years. Wow. That's a long time. I've never even been to my mom's new house. I just have nothing there to go back to. My mom and Henry always come here. Almost every other month. But I promised my mom I would come home next week.
"I know what you're thinking. But I really am going home. I can't take much more begging from my mom." I polished off my burger and was just about to finish my fries.
"I'm definitely going to have to go on a juice cleanse next week. I want to look good just in case I run into some people from high school."
Serena Singleton to be exact. She was the meanest to me all through high school and it was proving hard to get over. Even after all these years. Immature. I know. But very necessary.
"I'll see it when I believe it." Carson leaned back, throwing in the white flag.
I barked out a laugh.
"It's believe it when I see it, dumbass." I threw in the towel as well.
"That's what I said." He contested.
I just shook my head.
Well, well, well. Look what we have here. I was not in the least bit surprised that Warner made himself at home in my office, waiting for me to get back. Now I wished I would have taken a longer lunch break.
I slammed the door shut, getting his attention. He immediately stood, a verbal apology falling out of his mouth like rapid fire. I ignored him until I found the comfort of my desk chair. Money well spent I thought as I sat down, never even looking at Warner. Facing my computer screen, I clicked on a few files and started printing out the materials for my presentation that needed to be bound in book form.
Was someone talking?
Oh right. Warner was groveling. Something that was getting so old that I was tired of listening to the same speech. Yeah you messed up. Ok, I'm your first love. You've never felt this way. Blah blah blah. It was like he was on repeat.
"Warner. Get out. Quit talking. You're wasting my air and my time. I heard you in the hall. Flirting with some bimbo. I had lunch delivered at noon and waited 40 minutes for you to show up." His eyes went wide.
"Yeah. 40 whole minutes. And then I threw all the food out and went to lunch with Carson. But before I made it to his office, I heard you in the hall. So save it. I knew the moment I started talking to you, you were trouble."
Taylor Swift... is that you?
He stood there, mute, staring at me with those damn blues eyes. If one of us didn't leave soon, my clothes may just take themselves off.
Ugh.
"Please leave." I tried to stay strong, but my tough girl persona was cracking under his spell.
As he turned, he stopped and stared at the enormous floral arrangement.
"I read the card. I didn't know it was your birthday." His voice sounded defeated, sad.
"Yup. Happens every year on this date. And what? You read the card. That's an extreme violation of my privacy."
He turned. His face angry.
"Excuse me for wanting to see who sent my girlfriend flowers and all those fucking balloons." He loosened his tie, showing his discomfort.
The card Luke sent was overly sweet and seemed almost like a love letter.
"Well, now you know." I crossed my arms, daring him to speak.
He left my office without another word.
Chapter Thirty.
"Cheers to 25!!!" We all lifted our glasses, clanked them together and then sipped. No shots tonight. A few drinks is all I was allowed. In case you haven't heard, I have two very important presentations tomorrow. One at ten and the other at two.
"Thanks guys!!! I wouldn't want to be spending this day with anyone but you awesome people."
Luke was allowed back into the circle of trust per my request. It is my birthday after all.
The night ended too soon. My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard and it felt good to forget about Warner. Even if it was for a few hours.
Jamison and I kissed Carson at the same time. I took the left cheek, she took the right. We giggled as we both went into the bathroom to wash our faces and brush our teeth. It was so nice having her here. She is such an old soul that I often forget she is only 18.
We snuggled under the covers after I reached up and turned off the lamp. I set my alarm, noticing a few missed texts from Warner. Ok. Seven. But who's counting?I never opened them. I didn't want him to have the satisfaction of seeing "delivered" under his sent messages.
"I'm going to miss you, James. But I'll be home next weekend." I could feel the eye roll in the darkness.
"I promise I'm coming home. I already booked my ticket. First class so I wouldn't back out."
Her laughter was muffled against her pillow.
"I'm so excited. You are going to love the new house. Bring your bathing suit. You should show off your hot bod."
"Ha! If I don't quit eating like... Well, like me in the tenth grade then I will have to wear a mumu." We both giggled in the darkness.
"Night, big sis."
"Night, lil sis."
I woke up with a start. My mind had me awake since 3:42 and I have been trying to force myself to sleep since then. It's 5:30 now and I'm finally conceding. I quietly gathered my workout clothes. I could use a long, hard....run. Get your mind out of the gutter. I shook out my perverted thoughts. Geez. I needed to take out my sexual frustration on the treadmill.
My music pumped through my veins as my feet pounded on the belt. I hit my runners high and ran an extra mile. It was no easy feat and I was beyond exhausted when I finished 6 miles. But my mind was right and I was ready to face my day.
Travis was sitting at the bar when I got home. He was also in his gym clothes.
I looked him up and down before grabbing a bottle of water.
"We need to just start working out together. I need a partner in crime." I took the seat beside him, still trying to catch my breath.
"Let's do it. I can start picking you up in the mornings."
"Deal. Lets start Monday. I'll go check on James and see if she's almost ready."
I hopped off the stool and glanced back over my shoulder.
"And Trav. Thanks for taking her. And always being there for me."
He flashed his beautiful smile and nodded.
I hugged James for a long time. I really enjoyed hanging out with her the last few days.
"I'll see you next week. I promise." And I did promise. I really was going to venture out west.
"Thanks for being so awesome and taking care of me this week. I love you."
We hugged one more time before I let her go.
I carefully picked out my suit. I felt like I needed to unlock it from the vault. That's where Tom Ford belonged. I buttoned my white shirt, leaving the top two undone. I slipped on my navy suit jacket, straightening my collar, getting it just right. No coat today. I would brave the cold. My matching suit pants skimmed my ankles, highlighting my white pumps. My hair was styled in a messy bun, my black rimmed glasses giving me the smart factor. One last thing. I kissed my red lips in the air, eying my overall look.
I looked professional without looking like a prude. Both executives I was meeting with were attractive 30 something's that may just appreciate the fit of my suit. It's the sad truth. But the truth none the less.
I got to the office a little early so I decided to shoot the shit with the two girls at the receptionist desk. Both were super nice, always asking me to go for drinks after work. I need to take them up on their offer sometime. It may just be time to give girls another chance.
We were laughing at something Kate, that's the brunette's name, did last night. Michelle, the blond, had a contagious laugh. It was so genuine and filled the entire foyer. They both abruptly stopped and looked behind me. I felt out of the loop so I glanced over my shoulder.
I dropped my posture and grabbed my bag.
"Well, girls. That's my cue. Will you buzz me when my client gets here and show him to the conference room, please. I'll talk to you guys later. Maybe we can grab drinks next week?"
Warner had just stepped off the elevator, talking with an older gentleman. He did a double take, when he caught me staring.
Dammit. Busted.
My mouth dried at the sight of him. His body wore a suit to perfection. His broad shoulders on top of his sculpted chest and slim waist.
His lips curled up into a grin when he noticed me checking him out. Well, he was my boyfriend and I was allowed to look....and touch.
My lustful gaze was short lived.
"Miss McDaniel." I cringed. I'm 24, shit, 25, not some old hag.
"Call me Stella, please."
"Sorry, Stella. Your ten o'clock is here. He is on his way up." Kate was putting down the phone.
I checked my watch. He was 10 minutes early.
"Thanks, Kate. I guess I'll just wait for him."
Warner was shaking the gentleman's hand, eying me the entire time.Keeping me in place with his stare.
"Stella." He made it to me in three quick strides. He wrapped his arms around me, kissing me on the cheek.
"You look ridiculously hot. Those glasses are fucking sexy." He lowered his voice when he realized we had an audience of two. Kate and Michelle. I don't blame them. I would be eavesdropping as well.
His compliments almost had me forgetting I was pissed at him.
Almost.
"Thank you. You look nice as always." My tone short and to the point.
The elevator dinged and that was my reminder that my presentation was about to happen. Warner must have sensed my nervousness, resting both hands on my shoulder, lowering his eyes to mine.
"Don't be nervous. You are going to kick ass in there. It's a vodka brand. I'm sure the executive will love your ideas." I smiled and glanced over his shoulder. Times up. I put on my game face and backed away from Warner's grasp.
Still mad, I had to remind myself.
I walked around Warner, hand extended.
"Jacob, it's so nice to finally meet you." He gave a firm handshake and then brought me in for a hug.
Ok. Very weird but I'll take it. Jacob was extremely easy on the eyes. He had wavy hair that swept across his brow and turned up on his collar. Total surfer from Santa Monica using daddy's money to invest in his drink of choice, I'm sure.
"Wow. Stella. You look drop dead gorgeous. Let's cancel the meeting. You're hired. Want to get coffee?"
I laughed at his humor, grabbing my bag.
He placed his hand on mine.
"I'm serious. You're hired." Jacob flashed his overly perfect teeth and, wait, was that a hair flip. If we were in a movie, the last 10 seconds would have been in slow motion.
"Jacob. Get real. You don't even know if I suck or not." Shit. As soon as the words left my mouth I wanted to take them back.
"I would sure like to find out." He laughed and I smiled with my month closed.
Hello...sexual harassment. It's me, Stella.
Warner cleared his throat like he was dying. I know he has caught this whole interaction. As well as Kate and Michelle who were giggling like school girls. I can play this game.
"Well Jacob. As a matter a fact." I leaned in close to him, letting him think he had a chance and whispered,"I do suck... And swallow." He choked out a cough. "But that has nothing to do with my presentation. Do you want to see it or not?"
He let out an uninhibited laugh that caught on.
"You're the shit, Stella. Will you marry me?"
For fucks sake. What a weirdo.
"Come on. Let me buy you a coffee and then you can show me your ideas."
He was still laughing as he offered me his arm. I rolled my eyes in his face and took the offer.
"Jacob, you're a real charmer. Shocking that you're single." He laughed again.
Somebody has the giggles.
I dropped my bag to the floor, it was heavy on my shoulder.
"Hey. Can you wait just a second? I don't want to take my bag. Let me run it to my office really fast." He nodded and let go of my arm.
"I'll miss you while you're gone, Stella." He called after me.
"Shut up Jacob!" I yelled over my shoulder. Do I know this guy? Why is he so comfortable with me?
I hurried to my office, feeling as if I was being followed.
I slid my bag into my office from the doorway, turning immediately into Warner.
"Fuck. Warner." I smoothed down my jacket and adjusted my collar.
"I don't have time to talk to you." So I started walking again, Warner right on my heels.
"Stella. You've made your point. I can tell you are pissed and I deserve it. But, who the fuck is that guy?"
Awe hell no.
I stopped abruptly, turning, pushing my finger into his chest.
"That 'guy' is my client. So don't fuck this up for me. I'm sorry if you feel threatened by another attractive trust fund baby. Maybe it's good for that little ego of yours to know you're not the only one out there." I glared at him before turning and walking away.
"Give me a fucking break, Stella. He doesn't want you for your brain. Surely, you're smart enough to see that. He wants a piece of ass."
That stopped me dead in my tracks, but I didn't turn around. He was in the heat of the moment I assured myself. But damn, that was a low blow. I inhaled a deep breath through my nose and let it out loudly through my mouth. I walked off. No need in adding fuel to the fire.
I ended up sharing my ideas with Jacob at Starbucks. Not quite the production I had planned for, but it was what I preferred. It was causal and we got to sit and chat about the brand and his passion for the company he was running. I take back all my judgmental thoughts I had formed before hand. Under all that douchebag exterior was a charming, laid back Harvard graduate.He was based in Los Angeles and I made an appointment to meet with him while I was in Orange County. It would count as work, so that Monday wouldn't be taken out of my vacation days.
He followed me up to my office so I could show him a few things that I couldn't pull up on his computer.
"Have a seat and let me get my computer up and running." I let him have my office chair while I got a piece of gum. I offered him one and got started.
I leaned behind him, working my computer from a standing position. I rested my arm against his as I maneuvered the mouse, clicking over my slides.
"That one. I like that one." He pointed to the screen.
I smiled and enlarged it.
"That's my favorite too." I pushed print so he could have a hard copy and then emailed it to him.
I pushed the down button for the elevator and waited with Jacob for it to arrive.
"Stella, I can't wait to work with you on this. Maybe we can have drinks when you come out my way next week."
I stuck my hand out.
"Of course. Ill give you a call."
He bypassed my handshake and gave me a lingering hug. I hit his back and laughed until he released me. This was absolutely inappropriate behavior between two professionals. So very inappropriate.
I waved like a geek until the elevator doors closed. I let out a breath, relieved. One down. One more to go. When I turned around, I saw Warner sulking in the corner. He looked like a lost puppy.
"Geez Warner. Did you forget to warn me about your stalker tendencies? Don't you have a financial universe to run?" I stalked past him and picked up my pace to create some distance.
He slammed my door. I didn't even flinch as I took my seat. How predictable. Is this déjà vu?
"Warner.Is this what it's like to date you? It's fucking exhausting." I rested my head on the back of my chair. I noticed that my balloons were now on the floor, losing air, looking sad. I frowned at them. This could be my interns first order of business on Monday.
"Yes." His response surprised me.
He kept his eyes on his hands, fidgeting with his phone.
"I don't deserve you. I can't seem to get my shit together. That guy out there fucking proposed to you. Luke is writing you love letters. Travis. He picks you up at all hours, hoping to hang out with you. And Carson, give him enough time and he would turn straight for you. And then there's me. I actually have you. All of you. To myself. And I'm losing you before we ever really got started." He rubbed his hands down his face.
"Will you go away with me this weekend?" He spoke through his hands so I barely understood him.
"What? Where?" I wanted to so badly but I had to play it cool. I was still mad after all.
"I have a house in Greenwich. I thought we could use a weekend getaway. Really get to know one another."
I looked at my watch. 1:22.
"Let me think about it. I have one more meeting at two. I'll give you my decision after that."
I stood, planning on walking him to my door.
When I was walking past him, he pulled me down into his lap. I gasped in surprise and his lips were immediately on mine before I could resist. My body instantly melted into his, molding against his hard chest.
I so wanted to straddle him and grind against him in my office chair. But these Tom Ford pants didn't have much give and I couldn't risk a ripped seam.
"Please say yes. Go away with me." His breath was hot against my neck, his hands feeling as much as they could.
Fuck it.
"Yes. I'll go away with you."
He pulled back, eyeing me, determining if I was serious.
He kissed me again.
"We can leave right after your meeting. Don't pack anything. I have everything you need there. Just meet me in my office when you've finished."
I smiled into his mouth.
"Sounds like you planned on me saying yes. How very optimistic of you."
"More like wishful thinking." He picked me up as he stood, kissing me one last time before putting me down.
"Hurry up and close the deal so we can finish what we keep starting."
"Then get out of here so I can do some last minute preparations." I slapped his ass, forcing him out the door.
The meeting went amazing. Two for two. I really needed a high five and a glass of wine. I looked around my empty office and shrugged.
I turned off my computer, almost giddy about my weekend plans. I texted Carson on my way to Warner's office, knowing he already left for the weekend.
Warner was on the phone, looking out his window, when I walked into his office. He smiled holding up a finger. The universal sign to hold on a minute. I took my time, watching him. His stance powerful, one hand in his pocket, the other holding his phone to his ear. He was without his suit jacket, his sleeves rolled up and his collar unbuttoned. The sight of him gave me an idea.
I walked over and locked his door, the audible click getting his attention. My fingers slowly undid my suit jacket. I peeled it off and let it drop to the floor. I now had his full attention. I kicked off my heels. Warner was now leaning against the glass, eyes fixed on me. I unzipped my pants and slowly shimmied out of them, my black lace panties barely visible. I took off my glasses and rested them on my lips before dropping them on the couch.
"I'll have to call you back." Warner ended his call and was pressed up against me before I could react. He picked me up, wrapping my legs around my waist, and carried me over to his desk. He sat me on the edge and took both hands and ripped my shirt open, buttons flying across the floor. He pushed my shirt over my shoulders until I was left in only my bra and panties.
I eagerly untucked his shirt, returning the favor and ripping it apart, his buttons joining mine on the floor. I ran my hands up his chest and over his broad shoulders, pushing his shirt to the floor. His lips found my neck, as his hands covered every inch of my body. He gripped my thighs and pulled me closer to his body, my ass flirting with the edge of his desk. He placed one hand on my chest and carefully pushed me down to my back.
His eyes raked over my body, filling with desire.
"You're so fucking beautiful, Stella." He pulled down my panties and spread my legs. His mouth found my calf as he held my leg up. He placed kisses all the way down to my inner thigh, barely grazing my most sensitive area. He then took my other leg and repeated his kisses down until he settled between my legs. His mouth licked, teased and even sucked, driving me insane. My body writhing under his touch.
"Oh Warner." I sat up on my elbows, watching him. He looked up at me through his lashes, from between my legs. He stood up and leaving me breathless, panting for more.
He kissed me hard, his tongue caressing my mouth. He settled back between my legs, continuing his assault. It didn't take long toget me there. My body convulsed as I screamed out his name.
He hurriedly stripped himself of his pants, pulled me off the desk and stood me up, my back to him.
"Spread your legs." He commanded.
I took a wide stance, the tops of my thighs pushed against the edge of his desk.
"Wider." He whispered against my ear. I did what I was told.
He bent me over and moved his hands to my ass.
"Damn. I love this" his hands messaged my cheeks before he plunged into me.
I screamed in delight.
"Fuck Warner."
My bare chest was pressed against the cool of his desk, my arms stretched out in front. One hand gripped my shoulder, as he continued his assault. He smacked my ass hard as he called out my name. He stilled on top of me, resting his forehead in the middle of my back.
We were both taking in shallow breaths, creating noises of satisfaction. He helped me to stand, handing me my panties.
Yay. They were in one piece.
My clothes were in a pile on the floor. No way to treat Tom Ford, but sex with Warner was worth it.
"I sure hope there is more of that this weekend." I winked at him, putting on my buttonless shirt.
"It's all we are going to do." There was promise in his voice, sendinga shiver down my spine.
After we both were dressed to the best of our abilities, we headed down to his awaiting car.
Connecticut here we come.
Chapter Thirty-One.
We had probably been in the car close to 30 minutes before I was brave enough to ask Warner about yesterday. Why was I nervous? Because I don't want to be disappointed in his answer. But here goes...
"So." I could barely hear myself. I cleared my throat, giving myself the pause I needed.
"So." My voice a little louder. "Who was the girl you were with yesterday?"
His head snapped to the side, clearly surprised that I brought it up. Well, surprise. 24 hours wasn't long enough to erase the memory or that annoying, annoying voice.
"She's an assistant. She works for Dave. I don't even know her name." His hands remained at 10 and 2 as he looked out onto the road ahead.
"That's rude. You should at least know the name of the girl that you were flirting with. Especially when it causes you to miss lunch with your girlfriend." And there I go. I couldn't resist and now I'm pissed all over again.
I leaned my body against the door and stared out the window.
He let out an exasperated sigh and placed his hand on my thigh.
"Stella. She stopped me in the hallway and started talking to me. I didn't want to be rude so I stopped and listened. She was flirty, yes. But, did you see her?"
I stole a sideways glance. His eyebrows were raised waiting for me to answer.
"No." I turned back to stare out the window.
"Well, I wish you would have. We wouldn't be having his conversation if you had." There was a hint of laughter in his voice.
"You were still late to lunch and didn't bother to tell me. 40 minutes late warrants a text or a phone call."
My fingers were tracing the rain drops that were moving across the window.
"I know. The time got away from me. I was on an important phone call and when I looked at the time it was already 12:30. I ended the call but then I was stopped in the hall." He squeezed my thigh gently and returned it to the steering wheel.
He then reached across and brushed my cheek with the back of his hand.
"I'm going to do better, Stella. I promise. Because you deserve better."
We sat in silence the rest of the ride.
The car came to a slow roll as we pulled up to an expansive iron gate. The long driveway was surrounded by enormous trees. It was already dark, but the outlines were visible. My eyes went wide at the sight of the house. Not a house, a mansion. It was breathtaking. The grey slate stone of the Georgian style home was lit up by fire burning sconces. All the lights inside were turned on, making the house glow. We parked in the circle drive in front of the beautiful, large front doors. I was speechless. This home was beyond anything I could have pictured.
When I exited the car, my mouth was gaped open as I surveyed my surroundings. So, this is how the one percent live.
"Do you like it?" His question was almost as dumb as if he would have asked me if I liked ice cream.
"Fuck yeah I do." I slapped my hand over my mouth.
"Sorry. That just came out." I shook my head. "Yes. It is quite lovely."
"Was that British?" He laughed as he unloaded two bags from his trunk.
"Yup. It's seemed appropriate. This place makes me nervous. I feel a bit overwhelmed."
He grabbed my hand and walked me through the front door.
"It's just a house, Stella. Come on."
"Right. Just a house." I laughed as he pulled me into the entryway.
The marble was creamy white and covered the entire area. Everything screamed money and I was scared to touch anything. We made our way to the kitchen. It was any chefs wet dream. Top of the line everything and enough space to feed a small army.
The living room was connected to the kitchen, boasting oversized, plush couches, a huge mounted flat screen over an amazing fireplace. This was my favorite room.
We walked into the master bedroom and I was blown away. The bed was against the far wall, draped in all white, the dark wooden headboard covering most of the wall. Across from the bed, a fire was roaring inside the fireplace. The windows were floor to ceiling and I could see the white caps of the ocean waves in the distance. Ok. This is my favorite room.
Warner sat his bags down and walked me into the bathroom. The tub was modern and large, resting in the center of the room. The glass shower was off to the side. I'm pretty sure my first apartment could fit in here. There was a steam room (he must really like steam rooms), two sinks and another breathtaking view.
Ok. Ok. This is for sure my favorite room.
"Who made the fire?" I asked as we walked back through the bedroom en route to the kitchen.
"Sylvia. She and her husband live in the guest house and take care of the grounds for my family."
He opened a bottle of white wine and poured each of us a glass. The fridge was fully stocked and we had our choice of lasagna or tenderloin. We played rock, paper, scissor and lasagna won. Taking my wine, I walked around to the living room and stared out the window, thinking.
Warner stayed in the kitchen making a Caesar salad and placed the rolls on a baking sheet. I leaned against the glass, watching him. He moved with grace in the kitchen. The combination of his fitted tee shirt and suit pants made me laugh to myself. His poor white shirt didn't survive our little office romp. I took a glance down at mine. It was hangingon for dear life, my suit jacket helping it stay in place.
Warner caught me staring as he was closing the oven.
"Would you like to change? Sylvia bought you a few things today. They should be in the closet."
I walked into the kitchen, setting my wine glass down on the counter.
I pushed him up against the island, hands in his hair.
"Would you mind undressing me?" I sucked on his bottom lip before gently biting it.
I let out a squeal when he picked me up and ran into the bedroom. He threw me on to the bed and quickly crawled up my body. He rested his weight on his elbows as he lowered his lips to mine. I bucked my hips up to his, letting him know I was ready. He unbuttoned my suit jacket (please be careful) and his mouth immediately found my stomach. His hands fervently worked to remove my jacket and shirt. My pants not far behind. He unclasped my bra and his mouth was instantly sucking and licking my breasts. I arched my back, closing my eyes at the overwhelming sensation of his mouth on me. He sat up long enough to remove his shirt.
Fuck me.
I will never get tired of the sight of his bare chest. He was perfection. I grabbed at his waistband and began undoing his pants, pulling them down along with his boxer briefs. I licked my lips in anticipation. I couldn't wait to have him inside me.
I reached down, stroking him, encouraging him to take me.
In one fluid motion, he filled me, piercing me with pure pleasure. I cried out his name at first contact. My nails digging into his shoulder as he thrust into me. His hand bent one knee up, hooking it over his shoulder. His other hand, cupping my cheek. He was whispering my name in between his throaty moans. Sweat began to bead on the back of my neck and Icould feel myself slowly building.
"Come for me, Stella." His voice was breathy against my ear.
And that's all it took.
Both our bodies collapsed. I could feel his heart beat against my chest. I wrapped my arms around him and held him on top of me, loving the weight of him pressing me against the mattress.
He lifted his head and kissed me lightly on the nose.
"I love you, Stella. That was fucking amazing."
I giggled into his mouth.
"You always say that."
He rolled off me and sighed.
"Because it's always amazing."
He stood up, giving me a very nice view of his perfectly sculpted ass that sat on top of his strong, muscular thighs. I sucked in my bottom lip at the sight of him. He disappeared into the closet. I closed my eyes and pressed the back of my head into the pillow.
He emerged in a pair of grey Adidas sweats and no shirt. I'll take it. He placed a quick kiss on my forehead.
"Dinner will be ready in about 20 minutes."
I moaned and stretched my arms up over my head, allowing my breasts to push up against his bare skin.
He took each one on his mouth before heading into the kitchen.
I slowly rolled out of the bed and made my way to the ridiculous, over the top, lavish bathroom. But I'm not one to complain. That was the best shower I've ever had. I had water spraying me from every angle. How will I ever go back to one shower head?
I towel dried my hair and ran my fingers through it before making my way over to the enormous closet. The black silk robe felt amazing against my skin. It was a short little number, barely covering my ass cheeks. Sylvia, you did me proud.
The scent of lasagna and freshly baked bread overwhelmed my senses as I walked into the kitchen. The table was set for two, the salad in the middle. I drug my fingers along the linens and smiled at the fact that Warner put down a table cloth. How very old school.
"You hungry?" His voice was against my neck as he hugged me from behind.
"I'm starving. I never got to eat lunch today."
He ran his hands down the opening of my robe, forcing it to fall open.
"Is that because Jacob kept you too long?" His hands covered my chest, kneading them. I leaned my head on his chest, my breath coming in pants.
"Yeah. He was too busy proposing marriage and flirting with me." I nipped at his jaw line.
"Are you trying to make me jealous, Stella?"
I stepped forward out of his grasp and pulled out a chair. I pushed him down to sit and then straddled him. My robe now completely open, exposing my entire body. I rocked against him, feeling him straining against his sweats. I lowered my face to his.
"Are you jealous that Jacob asked me out?"
His hands were on my hips, digging in.
"How about the fact that he tried to kiss me in the elevator. Does that make you jealous?"
His eyes turned dark, his grip tighter. This was my way of getting him back.
I let my robe fall off my shoulders. I placed my hands over my nipples, showing him how I wanted him to touch me.
"Jacob pushed me up against the wall in the elevator, his mouth so close to mine I could feel his breath on my lips. He was begging for it."
I smiled against his mouth. My hands found his waistband and with great effort, I pulled his pants down. It was extremely difficult to remain in a sexy position sitting on top of him, but somehow I managed.
His breathing was getting louder and his hold on me was almost painful.
I ended the torture and lowered myself on to him. He let out a quiet "fuck" and I started moving slowly at first.
I tilted his face up with my hands, staring into his gorgeous blue eyes.
"But I didn't let him touch me." I rocked into him a few times. Moving my hips against him.
"Only you get to do that." Passion exploded, and he suddenly stood gripping my ass as he backed me up against the wall. What started as slow and seductive, turned fast and furious. I clinched my thighs tightly around him, letting him dominate me. I threw my head against the wall as I screamed his name. He was taking me higher with each thrust. He grunted out a "fuck" as he shuddered against me. My whole body going limp. I slid down his body until my feet felt the floor. My legs felt like jello and I needed him to lean on until I could get my bearings.
"Stella, that was..."
"Amazing." I finished his statement and we both laughed.
"Let's eat. We have certainly worked up an appetite." He handed me my robe and I sat at the table and let him serve me.
The rest of the night found us relaxing on the couch, keeping warm with the fire and watching Jimmy Fallon. Dammit that guy is funny. My eyelids were heavy and I knew sleep wasn't too far behind. But I was too tired to even move to the bedroom. So I didn't. I let myself fall asleep cuddled next to Warner. His heavy arm draped around me, lightly stroking my skin. I'm pretty sure my goofy grin was plastered on my face the entire night.
I kicked the covers off, moaning in pain.
Shit that hurt.
Darkness filled the room so I knew it wasn't quite morning.
My body was dripping wet from sweat and it felt like it was a thousand degrees in here.I rolled over to find Warner but my body hurt so bad that I screamed out in pain.
"Stella!" He turned on the lamp, my eyes fighting against the sudden burst of light.
I lifted my head and immediately fell back against the bed. I had no energy, that took everything I had to lift myself a couple of inches. Warner placed his hand on my forehead.
"Shit Stella. You are burning up." Was he talking? I didn't know for sure. My head was foggy and I couldn't focus on anythingbut the pain in my back.
"I want my mom." I groaned into my hands. It was the only thing I could get out of my mouth. I needed my mom. I haven't been sick since I moved to New York so I didn't know how bad I would want her in this moment.
"I can take care of you, babe. Let me take care of you." He leaned over and pushed my sweat soaked hair off my face.
I tried to smile against his hand, closing my eyes. I was so tired. So very tired...
"Hey babe. How are you feeling?"
"Ugghhhh." I groaned into my pillow.
"I feel like someone hit me with a bus and then set me on fire. What time is it?"
"It's noon. Want some lunch? I went and got you the best chicken noodle soup in town." He stroked my hair and lightly patted my back. I flinched slightly but I didn't want him to stop.
And then, I fell back asleep.
The sun broke through the drawn curtains and I squinted against the light. The sheets were drenched, but my body wasn't burning up anymore. My fever must have broke. Testing myself, I pushed up to sitting. It was a struggle but my body didn't hurt like it did yesterday.
I stood on shaky legs, closed my robe and went into the kitchen. The smell of coffee tickled my nose and my stomach growled loudly. I realized I haven't eaten since Friday night.
I poured a cup of coffee and took a seat at the bar, grazing on the fruit on the table. It was already 11 and we would be heading back soon.I frowned at the waste of the weekend. What a nice gesture for Warner to bring me here and I slept the entire time. Hopefully this will be the first of many trips.
When my belly was full of fruit, I topped off my coffee and walked over to the window, impressed with the view. The backyard was straight out of a magazine. The pool was gorgeous and beyond that was the ocean. The greens were manicured to perfection. Summers would be fun here.
Soft foot steps padded toward me. Warner reached around, handling me with kid gloves. He gently placed his hands on my stomach and kissed me gently on the cheek.
"How are you feeling, Stella. You should probably stay in bed."
"No. I'm feeling a little better. Thank you." I rested against him, enjoying his body against mine.
We stood like that for a long time, watching the waves crash into the shore.
We lazily laid in bed the rest of the afternoon.
I slept all the way home and Warner carried me up and placed me in my bed. He followed suit and cuddled against me. Spooning me to his chest.
"Sleep tight, baby."
Chapter Thirty-Two.
Monday morning hit me like a slap in the face. I set my alarm early so I could workout with Travis. I would for sure have to take it easy. My body was still not functioning at 100 percent.
I glanced over at Warner, peacefully sleeping. I kissed his forehead and snuck out.
"Morning Trav." He was waiting for me in the kitchen.
"Stella, you look like shit. You sure you should be working out?"
"Wow Travis. Not so good with the compliments are you? It's a good thing I'm extremely insecure and down on myself or that might have really hurt my feelings." I punched him harder than usual in the arm.
"I was sick all weekend. So take it easy on me."
We made it down to the car. He opened the door for me and I slumped into the seat.
The gym was an extremely bad idea.
Knock, Knock
"Stella. You ok? You've been in there for a long time."
I was bent over the porcelain throne, puking my guts out. So maybe I didn't take it as easy as I should have.
"No. But I'll be out in a second." All I could think was that this was a great way to start my diet.
I rode on Travis' back up to the apartment, resting my cheek against his back. I managed to giggle the entire way at the absurdity of his gesture. But I took him up on it considering I could barely walk.
Warner was not as amused as we were when we entered the kitchen.
"Where have you two been?" He was eyeing me from behind his coffee cup.
Travis helped me slide down his back, bracing my arm, helping me to sit.
"Your girlfriend, here, thought she could work out today." Travis patted my back as I laid my head on the counter.
"I took it easy." I mumbled into my arm.
"Easy. That's bull shit. You ran 5 miles at a sprinters pace."
"I usually run 6."
Travis placed a water bottle by my face and kissed my forehead.
"You're crazy, Stella. Get some rest and I'll pick you up Wednesday. No gym for you tomorrow."
"Yes dad." I moaned and took a sip of my water. I really needed to take a shower and brush my teeth. And not in that exact order.
I braved a glance at Warner and immediately looked away. He was pissed.
"What are you so mad about, Jones?"
"Mad. I'm not mad. Just a little confused as to why you work out with Travis?"
"Ugh. I'm not in the mood. It's Travis for crissake. I wasn't hiding it from you. Calm down." I stood, gripping the counter to stop the room from spinning.
"I'm getting in the shower. Please don't be mad at me." I blew him a kiss and walked off.
Warner left by the time I emerged from my steamy sanctuary. He left a note on my pillow.
--not mad. Just jealous but what's new. I love you.
W. Jones-----
I smiled and placed it on my side table. That's a keeper. I tugged up a pair of black leather trouser pants and pulled on a cream turtleneck sweater. I added some wave to my hair and as always, stained my lips red. I felt it would help with my paleness. Travis' words echoed through my mind so I tried to make up for it with bronzer and red lips.
I looked in the mirror. This was the best I could do.
I sat staring at my computer until my eyes crossed. The knock at my door bringing me out of my daze.
"Stella."
"Come in." I straightened in my chair. Victoria sauntered in followed by a very petite blond. She was pretty in an overdone sort of way. She looked to be right out of college. So 21 or 22.
I stood and met them halfway.
"Stella. This is your new intern, Anna. Anna, this is Stella."
I held out my hand as she did the same.
"Anna, it's great to finally meet you." She smiled shyly, her face flushed.
"Thank you Miss McDaniel. It's nice to meet you too."
"Eww. No. Please, I beg you." I formed prayer hands. "Call me Stella." She laughed and relaxed just a bit. Victoria made her exit leaving just the two of us.
"Why don't I show you around."
I led her around, introducing her to a few people as we passed. Showed her all the hot spots. The break room and the conference room at the top of the list.
We ventured over to west side.
I knocked on Carson's open door, peeking my head in.
"And this is the most important place for me." I stood in the doorway smiling.
"Carson, this is my new intern, Anna. Anna, this is my best friend in the entire world and my future husband, Carson."
He left his desk to come over to us, laughing at my introduction.
He shook Anna's hand and then gave me a hug.
"Future husband?" He cocked his head to one side.
"One can always hope." I kissed his cheek.
Mark and Warner's voices echoed through the hall and a pinch of excitement coursed through me.
"Want to meet my boyfriend?" I asked Anna eagerly.
Before she could answer, I grabbed her hand and followed the voices down the hall.
Warner's eyes lit up at the sight of me, causing me to blush under his stare.
"No way. You date Warner Jones?" Anna's voice sounded surprised and envious.
"Sure do."I smiled, showing her all my teeth.
Warner walked up to us, placing a sweet kiss on my lips.
"You look like you're feeling better. Are you?" He tucked my hair behind my ear before giving me one more kiss.
"Yes. Thank you. I just needed some carbs."
He glanced behind me.
"Oh. Warner, this is my intern, Anna. Anna, this is Warner, my boyfriend."
They shook hands and I looked around Warner to Mark.
He smiled and I walked over to him, leaving Warner and Anna to chat it up.
"Hey Mark. I've really missed you lately. I still owe you a Knicks game. Want to try for next week when I get back from Cali?"
"I would love to. Still waiting for you to make a man out of me."
I purposefully checked him out. "You're all man, my friend. We just need to find you a hot piece of ass." He let out a laugh that caught the attention of Warner and Anna.
He lowered his face to mine.
"I did. But my brother got to her first." He smiled and I laughed nervously. All of a sudden feeling a tad uncomfortable.
"I'm more trouble that I'm worth. Just ask your little bro." Warner was walking up at that moment.
"Ask me what?"
"I was just telling Mark that I'm extremely hard to get along with. Sort of a sucky girlfriend."
He wrapped his hands around my waist and kissed me.
"If by sucky you mean fucking amazing, then I will have to agree with you."
I laughed into his mouth.
"If you say so." I shrugged and playfully hit Warner on the chest, suggesting he behave.
I introduced Anna to Mark and then we made it back to my office to start the day. My email was full of companies wanting to use my creative services for their upcoming ads. What? I blinked a few times at my screen and then opened all of them.
Wow. Jacob had a lot of connections and he seemed to have passed my name out to all his frat brothers that were running their daddy's companies.
I'll take what I can get.
A handful of the companies were based out of LA. I had Anna extend my trip a couple of days and now I would be leaving early Thursday morning. I was sad I couldn't get on Carson's flight. But I would be able to hang out with him more while I was there.
Warner wasn't able to go to lunch so I ate with Anna in my office,asking her questions about her life. She went to Syracuse and wants to actually work for Warner's company eventually. She was a finance major. But no internships were available so I was the next best thing. Only because I was on the same floor as him. She was cute and bubbly. She had a long time boyfriend she was hoping to marry soon. Her family lived in Washington DC. One older brother and one younger sister. She lit up talking about her family so I assumed her home life was amazing.
The rest of the day flew by and it was now five after five. Time to get the hell out of here.
"Great first day, Anna. I'll see you tomorrow."
"Thanks, Stella. I really enjoyed it." She grabbed her coat and left.
I relaxed against my chair for a second before heading out. I was pleasantly surprised to see Carson propped up in my doorway when I looked up.
"Hello, handsome. What have I done to deserve a visit from you?" I stood grabbing my jacket and bag. I sat my bag on my desk while I put my jacket on.
"Can I talk to you?" His tone was serious, very unlike him.
I paused before putting my jacket all the way on.
"Of course. What is it?"
He looked down the hall and then stepped in, closing the door behind him.
"Maybe you should sit." He walked towards me as I hesitantly lowered myself back down to my chair.
"Carson. Just spit it out. You are making me nervous."
"What is Warner doing tonight?" He blurted out.
"Why?" I was so confused.
"Just answer, Stella."
I started stuttering.
"Uh. He has some work function with a few clients that are in town. I think at the Thompson. Why?"
"Well," he let out a sigh. "Luke called me and said that Warner hired an escort tonight to go with him."
I felt like I was outside of my body as the room began closing in. I shook my head.
"Surely, Luke is mistaken. It could be Mark. It has to be Mark. He has hired me before."
Carson looked down. It was hard for him to tell me this.
"No, Stella. It was Warner. I'm so sorry."
I fought back my tears. Why would he do this? Couldn't he just ask me to go?
I laughed at myself and stood.
"I knew I was never good enough for him. Not pretty enough. Skinny enough. Fuck him!" The tears fell onto my desk as I tried to wipe them away.
Carson hugged me close to him.
"Shhhhh. Stella. That's not true. You're too good for him. He doesn't deserve someone as amazing as you. And your beauty is unrivaled. No girl can compare."
I sniffled into his chest. Soaking his dress shirt with my tears.
"I'm sorry." I rubbed my hands over the dampness on his shirt.
I took out my phone and called Luke. I had a plan.
Warner has left three messages on my voicemail. All of them unheard. 5 text messages. None of them checked.
I sat in my mirror, putting on my makeup with extreme care. My hair, now a shade darker thanks to a box of hair color, fell loosely over my shoulders. I zipped up my tight, black dress. My cleavage spilling over the top. I took in my reflection. Samantha was back and she was about to seek revenge.
Travis waited for me downstairs, opening the door when I approached.
"You sure you want to do this?" He kissed my cheek as I stepped in.
"Absolutely."
"Well, you look gorgeous. I almost feel sorry for the guy."
He shut the door and jogged around to the drivers side.
I arrived 10 minutes early so I could down a drink or two to ease my nerves. I stood with my back to the door, leaning against the bar in front of me. My second drink was a dirty martini. I didn't plan on drinking it. I wanted to use the olive on the stick as a prop. I always see it done in the movies. I lazily stirred my drink, acting bored and uninterested in my surroundings. A whoosh of cold air hit my bare back and I knew he just walked in.
Show time.
I felt him before he spoke. Standing awfully close to me. Me, being the "stranger" he was meeting for the first time.
"Natalie?"
I rolled my eyes. I guess I am.
"Umm hmmm." I answered.
He moved to my side and I glanced down, hiding my face with my hair.
"Thanks for meeting me. We should probably go ahead and make our way to the table." He sounded a little on edge. Not the smooth, arrogant asshole he usually is.
Why? Don't want to be seen?
He placed his hand on the small of my back as he put down forty dollars.
He pushed my hair away from my neck, his breath against my ear.
"Shall we?"
Tears pricked my eyes. Was this really happening? I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, keeping my tears at bay.
I looked down at my drink.
"Warner, how could you?" My voice barely coming out through my clenched teeth. His body stiffened as he recognized my voice.
I slowly turned to face his shocked expression.
"Oh. Were you expecting Natalie? She couldn't make it." I took a sip of my drink and almost choked but I held it down. I remembered why I don't drink martinis. They're nasty.
I put my finger to his lips, keeping his words from coming out. What could he possibly say to make this better?
"I'll make this easy for you. We are done. Do not ever speak to me again. Do not look at me. Do not even say my fucking name." My voice was eerily calm as I stood there, strong, even though my insides were shattering.
"Am I not good enough to be seen with you? Natalie must fit the bill though. I would love to see what she looks like."
I grabbed my coat and my clutch and turned to leave.
"Stella..."
I walked back towards him.
"What did I fucking say? Do not 'Stella' me you piece of shit. This is low, even for a fuck wad like you. You hired someone to cheat on me with?That makes me feel like an asshole. How many were there?"
"What?" He raised his eyes, pleading for me to stay.
"Being pretty sure got you far in life because you are dumb as fuck."
Uh oh. Here come the "F"bombs.
"Just tell me one thing, Warner. Did you actually love me or was this some sick game?" I dropped my shoulders, I give up. The tough girl gone.
He gripped both my shoulders and looked me square in the eye.
"I've never loved someone like I loved you. Love you. I love you. Please let me explain."
The dam broke and the tears were flowing freely down my face.
I removed his hands from my shoulders.
"Good. Because maybe your heart will be as broken as mine."
With that I ran out the door barely able to control my sobs. Travis opened my door and I practically dove in.
Warner had followed me out. Travis had his hand on Warner's chest, pointing him back into the restaurant. I turned away. I didn't want to see Warner...ever.
My sobbing gave me the hiccups. I sounded like a hot mess as my sniffles mixed with my quiet whimpers. A hiccup every now and then.
"Will you please take me to Luke's."
His eyes questioned me in the rear view mirror but he didn't say anything.
"You want me to walk you up?" Travis was hugging me close as I dried the last of my tears.
"No. It's ok. I just really want to feel sorry for myself in my own bed. Thank you though. Come get me in the morning? I could use the run."
He placed a quick kiss on my forehead.
"I'll be here at 5:30."
This thing they call love really sucks ass. I slumped myself against the wall as the elevator took me to the top floor. My feet barely made it down the hallway, trudging sadly one in front of the other. It took all my strength to lift my hand to knock.
"Stella?" Luke immediately wrapped his warm arms around me and the tears returned. He held me there for as long as I let him, my cheek against his chest. I could feel the rise and fall of his breath and hear his beating heart.
"Luke?" I looked up into his eyes.
"Can I come back home?"
....to be continued
