



Playing for Keeps
A Neighbor from Hell Novel
by 
R.L. Mathewson
A Smashwords Edition
This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations and events described in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Playing for Keeps © R.L. Mathewson 2009. All rights reserved.
Cover design, Jan Meredith
http://www.rlmathewson.com
Edited by R.L. Mathewson
eBook ISBN-13 9780983212539 
ISBN-13 9780983212546 
This book is dedicated to everyone who was willing to take a chance on me throughout the years.
Thank you.
And of course, to my children, who will always be my inspiration and my little buddies.

Thank you for purchasing this book.
For the latest news, giveaways, and information, please sign up for my newsletter or follow me online:
R.L. Mathewson Amazon Author Profile
Facebook
Bookbub
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads.com
Pinterest
Newsletter
R.L. Mathewson Website

Table of Contents
Title Page
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Epilogue
A look at Perfection
Other Titles by R.L. Mathewson
Follow Me
About the Author

Playing for Keeps
A Neighbor from Hell Novel
Chapter 1
“Oh, no, no, no, no, no!” Haley murmured in disbelief as she sat there, helplessly watching as her pink, white, and yellow tulips were viciously ripped from the ground and…
Just like that, she’d finally reached her breaking point.
Pushing her glasses back up her nose, Haley shoved her chair back and headed to the front door, deciding that this ended now because there was no longer any doubt in her mind.
She was definitely going to kill him this time.
After five long years of dealing with his crap, he’d finally gone too far. Her college roommate hadn’t been able to piss her off this much, not even when she’d gone through her six-month period of not showering in an attempt to “save the planet.”
Five years ago, she’d been excited to buy her first house at the ripe old age of twenty-three. She’d worked her butt off to buy her dream home, a one-level, two-bedroom ranch home with a large backyard and an inground swimming pool. She’d spent hundreds of hours picking out the perfect color scheme for each room, cleaning, organizing, and hitting every yard sale within a thirty-mile radius, trying to turn wood and plaster into a real home. None of that could even begin to compare to the hours she’d spent working on her lawn. With countless blisters, cuts, beestings, and backaches, she’d somehow managed to turn her dull yard into a place where she could relax. 
The experience of owning her own home had been better than anything that she could have ever imagined. Unfortunately, her enjoyment had lasted a total of four months. That’s when he moved into the house next door. At first, she’d been excited to have a new neighbor, but that all ended the moment she met Jason Bradford.
Within the first ten minutes of his arrival, he’d backed into her mailbox, spilled fast-food wrappers from his car onto his property, which had quickly made their way onto her immaculate lawn. He’d followed that up by relieving himself on the old oak tree in his front lawn with a sheepish smile and a shrug in her horrified direction. 
The man was evil.
Over the next four and a half years, he’d turned her picturesque life into a nightmare. She wasn’t sure how one person managed to turn her life into a living hell so quickly, but he had. Over the years, she’d dealt with paintball pellets decorating the side of her house, her car, and her laundry when she’d made the mistake of hanging her clothes outside. She’d also endured loud music, parties, naked people trying to climb over the fence to skinny dip in her pool, three a.m. drunken basketball games, women throwing tantrums on his front lawn and on hers when the jerk refused to come out and deal with them.
What made matters worse was the fact that they both worked at the same private high school, in the same department, with adjoining classrooms and parking spots. It hadn’t taken long for him to turn her dream job into a nightmare. At work, she had to deal with him constantly “borrowing” things from her room like paper, pens, books, and one time, even her desk. 
He seemed to think that he was the most charming man on earth and had no problem using a devastating smile to get what he wanted, leaving her with all the extra work and responsibilities while he got to be the laid-back teacher. It hadn’t taken long before she realized that she would have to suck it up at work since there was no way that she was going to be able to land a better job at her age. She’d been lucky to land this one. So, the only option left for her was to move.
After the first year, she’d tried to sell her house, unsuccessfully. Every time a prospective buyer came around, he scared them off by just being Jason. She gave up the idea of selling her house for the next two years only to put it back on the market again last year when he took up golf and broke three of her windows. He’d managed to scare off fifteen prospective buyers by walking out to get the mail in his boxers, a particularly memorable fit of rage when he threw his computer out his front window accompanied with a loud roar, and of course, there was the upkeep, or rather lack thereof, of his property. 
His lawn was covered in briars and weeds. He only paid the neighborhood kid to mow it once a month. The rest of the time it was the chosen habitat of little woodland creatures. The house needed a serious paint job, or at the very least, he needed to clean up all paint chips that had fallen on the ground over the years. If he didn’t personally scare someone off, his house did the job. She gave up her dream of moving away five months ago and settled for praying that he decided to move soon, very soon. 
Now, he was going after her babies, something that she couldn’t allow to happen. Enough was enough. Over the last five years, she’d bitten her tongue, too afraid to say anything that would make this worse. She’d always been quiet and shy with her nose buried in a book, hoping that no one would notice her. It wasn’t that she didn’t like people, because she actually did. No, her problem was that she was a huge chicken. When the other kids had picked on her or pushed her around, she would shut down, unable to deal with any type of confrontation and unfortunately for her, she’d never figured out how to deal with bullies. 
Only now, it was worse because it seemed that she couldn’t handle talking to incredibly handsome men and Jason Bradford was definitely handsome. Everything about him from his dark hair, ocean blue eyes, and chiseled good looks made her nervous. She just wasn’t good at handling people, but throw good looks onto a guy that was being an asshole and she promptly turned into a blubbering idiot. 
Bullies just sucked.
When she’d caught her college roommate, Angel, stealing her papers, food, and money, what did she do? She avoided her dorm room until after two in the morning when she knew Angel would be asleep and then made sure that she was out of there before she woke up in the morning. 
The same could be said of the few boyfriends she’d managed to have over the years who’d tried to take advantage of her. Instead of throwing them to the curb like any sane woman would have done, she’d stopped returning their calls and avoided them like the plague, knowing that they would get bored eventually and move on.
She was pathetic. 
That was the only reason why Jason Bradford had gotten away with everything he’d put her through over the past five years, but no more. The flowers were the last straw. Her grandmother had given her the bulbs from her garden when Haley first bought this house and she’d be damned if she let him destroy them.
When she spied the rolled-up hose by the front door, she made a snap decision. This ended here and now. The days of being the world’s biggest pushover were finally over.
*-*-*-*
“What the hell!” Jason snapped, jumping to his feet when he was suddenly hit with ice-cold water. 
He didn’t know what he’d expected to see when he turned around, but it definitely wasn’t his timid little neighbor and co-worker aiming a hose at him. Clearly, she’d lost her fucking mind. 
“Step away from my tulips,” Haley bit out coldly, taking him by surprise. 
He really couldn’t help grinning. She looked so damn cute standing there with her long bronze hair pulled back into a twisted ponytail, green eyes full of fire hidden behind large glasses making her look so damn adorable. Of course, her rather tight black T-shirt with the word “Nerd” written across her large breasts didn’t exactly hurt either. His eyes dropped to her shorts, which revealed short, but very nice, shapely, tanned legs. 
Of course, he already knew that his shy neighbor was beautiful. It was the first thing he’d noticed about her. The second, was that she was very shy, nervous, and easily frightened. He still cringed whenever he thought about the first day they’d met. After five hours on the road and three Big Gulps, he’d been in desperate need of a bathroom. Unfortunately for both of them, the realtor hadn’t left the keys where she’d promised and he’d been forced to make a split-second decision, piss his pants or water the tree. In the end, the tree received a healthy amount of recycled Coke. 
She hadn’t even given him a chance to explain or even apologize. Her face had turned an interesting shade of red seconds before she’d turned around and stumbled her way back into her house. From that point on, she’d avoided him at all costs. If he waved or said hello to her, she would mutter something, turn around and stumble away. If he, or one of his asshole buddies, broke something on her property, she didn’t say anything. 
If he’d been a jerk, he could have easily gotten away with not paying for all those broken windows or paintball streaked sheets, but he wasn’t that big of a prick. He’d quickly learned that she would never speak up for herself, so as soon as the shit hit the fan, he made a call and replaced whatever he’d destroyed. It would have made him feel like an even bigger asshole to take advantage of the situation. 
It always bothered him that she never spoke up for herself. He couldn’t remember someone disliking him so fast and so intensely before in his life. No matter what he did, she couldn’t be bothered to speak to him. Hell, he would have kicked his ass years ago, or at the very least called the cops on him like the other neighbors had and filed a complaint with the principal like so many of his other co-workers seemed to enjoy doing. Hell, she’d never even signed any of those petitions that the rest of the neighbors liked to give him every year, demanding that he move. 
He’d checked, each and every time. 
It wasn’t like he was purposely being an asshole. It just came naturally to him. Everyone understood and accepted it. Probably because even though he was an asshole, he was a likable asshole…most of the time. 
As happy as he was that she’d finally deigned to come off her throne to talk to him, he was also pissed that he was now freezing his balls off. Apparently, he hadn’t moved fast enough because she sprayed him again.
“Are you fucking insane?” he demanded.
Haley gestured with the hose for him to take a step back. “Get away from my flower bed…now.”
“Your flowerbed?” Jason asked with a snort of disgust.
“Yes, my flowerbed!” Another short spray. “I planted these flowers five years ago before you moved in!”
Frustrated, Jason ran his fingers through his messy hair. “Then, you should have checked the fucking property lines before you wasted your time!” he snapped.
Her eyes narrowed on him. “The flowerbed is my property!”
“I don’t think so, sweetheart. Go check your deed if you don’t believe me. This flowerbed is one hundred percent on my property,” he bit out as he pointed to the two feet of space that separated their houses where the flower bed continued until it came to the picket fence that started at the corner of her house and continued to her back fence, separating their backyards. “You have five inches out from the wall of your house. Your property ends two inches before my flower bed! That’s why the fucking white picket fence starts against your house instead of on the other side of the flowerbed.”
He watched as she glared at the small space that separated their houses. Whoever built them had been a real prick. Their master bedrooms were built less than two feet apart. Yet, there was more than thirty feet of space between the other houses in the neighborhood. 
Thanks to the way their houses had been built, there was no privacy. Their bedrooms had been built facing each other with their windows providing an unobstructed view into each other’s bedrooms. With the way his room had been built, he’d had no choice but to place his bed directly in front of the window and from what he could see, neither had she. Taking the smaller bedroom had been out of the question since his bed would never have fit in there.
It felt odd sleeping less than two feet away from a woman who hated his guts. During the summer, they both refused to open their windows until the heat became oppressive, leaving them with no other choice but to open their windows. He’d quickly gave up the idea of bringing a woman into his bedroom. He’d never been one for PDA never mind having sex in public and having sex in his room would definitely feel like a public performance. 
No matter how many times he’d tried to remind himself that they were in separate houses, he couldn’t bring himself to allow a woman in his bed. Not that he normally did that. He’d never invited a woman to spend the night. It was one of his top ten rules of dating. The only time they came to his house was to bitch him out when he moved on and that was done from outside. 
He’d never slept in the same bed with a woman. That was too much intimacy and sent the wrong message. The few times he’d made the mistake of relaxing in a woman’s bed after a quick lay had been a mistake. They’d wanted to cuddle and always asked the questions that made him cringe, “What are you thinking about?”, “Do you love me?”, “Where do you see this going?”, “Are you as happy as I am?”, “Why do you keep calling me by my sister’s name?”, or his personal favorite, “I wonder what our children will look like.” No, sex was best kept at a woman’s house, in a hotel room, or better yet, in the backseat of a car. 
Thankfully, his neighbor seemed to feel the same way. He hated the idea of waking up to the sounds of another man grunting. With his luck, the sounds would filter into his dream and he would end up having a sex dream about one of the assholes that she dated. Fortunately for his sanity, that had never happened, otherwise he’d be sleeping on his couch. 
He’d seen the losers that came and went over the years. She was out of their league and they were all pricks. He wasn’t perfect, but he’d found himself eager to deck a few of them over the years. They’d never hit her, otherwise he would have killed them, but sometimes, he felt like they were just using her. He didn’t know why he cared, but he did.
Haley eyed the fence and then the flowerbed only to sigh heavily. “Fine. If I made a mistake, then I’m sorry, but I replaced the last flower bed with tulips from my grandmother’s garden and they mean a lot to me.”
He nodded, glad that it was finally settled. The damn flowers were out of here and not a moment too soon. He couldn’t take another night like last night. Besides, he was running out of cornstarch.
“I’ll just move the flowers over onto my property,” she said as his eyes narrowed on her.
“The hell you will!” 
Chapter 2
Haley’s eyes widened in disbelief as Jason threw himself back onto her poor tulips and began tearing them out of the ground again.
“Stop!” 
He ignored her and continued to rip the tulips from the ground, making sure that the bulbs came with them. He tossed them as far as he could onto his property so that she couldn’t get her hands on them and plant them again. Haley squeezed the nozzle, hitting him with a full blast of cold water, but he didn’t care. 
“Stop! Please stop!” she cried, but he wouldn’t stop. 
He only slowed down when he reached the tight space between their houses and he was forced to shift his shoulders so that he could squeeze himself into the tight space. Thankfully, she gave up squirting him. It might be April, but they were in New England and that meant cold fucking days followed by even colder nights. His body shivered violently as he reached to grab another handful of tulips when something suddenly clamped around his ankles.
“What the hell–oomph!” he started to say only to find himself pulled off balance, landing face-first in the thick mud she’d created with her water meltdown. Before he could push himself up, she was crawling over his back to get to those damn flowers. 
Haley used her small frame to her advantage. After quickly crawling over Jason, she began digging up as many tulips as she could and setting them gently, yet quickly, against the side of her house.
“Hey! Stop that!” Jason demanded as he reached over to stop her.
“Get off me!” she snapped, digging faster.
“I wouldn’t be on you if you weren’t on my goddamn property!” 
She threw back an elbow to dislodge him. He cursed under his breath as he pushed himself in further until her entire body was snuggled tightly beneath his. She instantly froze beneath him. He took advantage of her stunned reaction and grabbed as many flowers as he could, tearing them out of the ground and threw them blindly over his shoulder. 
“I said get off me, not crush me!” she snapped as she tried not to panic.
There was a large man on top of her! 
Her senses went into overload as she tried to focus. But all she could think about was how good it felt to have his hard stomach felt pressed against her back. Suddenly a shiver shot through her that had nothing to do with the ice-cold water seeping through her clothes and–
“That better not be what I think it is,” she hissed between clenched teeth.
“It’s not.” It was. “Don’t flatter yourself, sweetheart,” Jason snapped, trying not to groan or grind into her. He was a little shocked. Not that he ever had a problem getting it up. He didn’t. Of course, these days, his interest in sex had waned a bit. Hell, he couldn’t remember the last time he had sex, which was a problem. 
He made a half-assed attempt to pull out more flowers. That seemed to distract her from the fact that her pert little ass was snuggled tightly against him. His eyes closed as he nuzzled her neck and slowly inhaled. Haley didn’t seem to notice, so he did it again. He would swear on his life that she smelled like blackberries and vanilla. 
God, she smelled so damn good.
She groaned in irritation. “I don’t know what your problem is. I made a mistake planting them on your property and I’m really sorry, but just let me move them over a few inches and everything will be fine.”
That snapped him out of his daze. 
“Oh, hell, no!” Jason bit out as he reached past her and began ripping more flowers up. She swore under her breath as she crawled out from under him to save whatever flowers she could. He simply followed her, assuming the same position each time. 
“You’re being a jerk! I just want my bulbs!” Haley said, trying not to cry. These were her grandmother’s bulbs. Her grandfather had bought them for her grandmother after the war to celebrate the success of their first business. 
“Not happening!” Jason snapped, digging faster.
“Why not?” Haley demanded, getting closer to crying. “I don’t understand what your problem is. You don’t do anything with your property. So, why do you care if there’s a flowerbed here or a few inches over? They’re not hurting you!”
“The hell they’re not!” Jason snapped, thinking of all the spots on his back and neck that still throbbed.
“They’re just flowers. What the hell could they possibly have done to piss you off this much?” Haley demanded, absently waving off a bee as it buzzed past her ear. 
“Bees!” Jason said, trying to back up but he was stuck.
“Yes, it’s a bee,” Haley said slowly as though she were talking to a child, clearly not understanding the problem.
He groaned as he tried to twist free. When that didn’t work, he snaked his around her waist and tried to pull her free. 
 “Hey, get your hands–”
“It’s a fucking nest and we just disturbed it!” Jason yelled, frantically trying to get them out of there before it was too late.
Haley’s eyes shot forward and then widened. Sure enough, two feet in front of her was the start of what appeared to be a very large nest poking out of the ground thanks to the flowers they’d yanked up. Yellowjackets began swarming just above the nest. It wouldn’t be long before they descended on them. 
“Move!” 
“I can’t!” 
Haley clenched her teeth as she slammed back as hard as she could against him. He groaned low in her ear but didn’t stop trying to move back. She moved forward and slammed back again and again. Each time was met with a groan and a gain of a few more inches. 
“One more time!” he grated.
She moved forward and this time when she slammed back against him, she pushed up with her shoulders and managed to dislodge him. Jason used the momentum to pull her free. He kept his arm snaked around her waist as he dragged her away from the nest. 
“They’re swarming!” Haley cried.
“Shit!” Jason said, looking frantically around for a safe place to hide.
“My house!” Haley yelled, gesturing wildly towards her front door as the buzzing grew louder.
“Good idea,” Jason said as he ran towards the house, dragging her behind him. The buzzing became louder as the swarm began circling them. Once they reached the front door, he opened it, relieved that she’d left it unlocked, and dragged her inside, slamming the door shut behind them.
“Bees!” Haley cried, gesturing wildly to the bees that had followed them inside.
He quickly released her hand and grabbed two magazines from a small pile on a coffee table and threw one to her. Without a word, they rolled the magazines up and began to attack the dozen or so bees that had managed to follow them inside. Neither spoke until the last bee was dead.
“Five nights…in…a…row…stung…” Jason tried to explain while he struggled to catch his breath.
“You knew there were yellowjackets and you still tore up the flowers?” Haley asked in disbelief. Her grandmother had taught her well. A ground nest was not something you wanted to mess with. It could be as small as a stack of quarters or several feet long, but you wouldn’t know until it was too late. 
 Jason gestured in the direction of his house. “I was trying to kill them!” 
She shook her head in disbelief. He knew there was a nest and he hadn’t told her? He knew that she worked on her lawn every weekend. 
“Why didn’t you tell me there was a nest?” Haley demanded, trying not to yell at him, but it was difficult knowing just how easily they could have been killed.
“I did!” 
“No, you didn’t!”
He threw his hands up in exasperation. “I’ve been trying to tell you for the last few weeks, but whenever I approached you, you ran off!”
Haley opened her mouth to argue only to shut it just as quickly with a wince. Yeah, that really did sound like something she would do where he was concerned. 
“Oh,” she finally said.
“Yeah, oh,” Jason snapped as he peeked out the window and groaned. “They’re still swarming.”
Haley sighed. “They’re going to be a problem for a few hours. We need to call an exterminator.”
*-*-*-*
Man, he was fucking freezing. 
He was soaked to the bone and it didn’t look like he was going to be able to go to his house to change anytime soon. Normally, he’d strip down to his boxers, but his neighbor was already skittish around him. He didn’t want to give the poor thing a stroke. He looked down at her very clean and, obviously well cared for, wood floor and cringed. 
“Shit, maybe I should step out the backdoor and dry off,” Jason said as he raised his eyes to look into the adjoining kitchen and swore roundly as he watched the windows suddenly turn black.
“I don’t think that will be happening for a while,” Haley mumbled softly as she rubbed her forehead. “Why don’t you go take a shower and I’ll see if I can find you something to wear. While you’re taking your shower, I’ll call an exterminator.”
“If you’re sure?” he said, hoping that she wouldn’t change her mind. He was freezing his balls off. Hell, at this point, he’d squeeze his ass into a dress to get warm.
She nodded absently as she watched the bees swarm around her backyard through the gaps in the windows. “Yeah, let me show you where the bathroom is.”
Ten minutes later, the shivering had finally stopped and he was able to enjoy his shower. Never in his life had hot water felt so good. This was the best shower he’d ever had. It didn’t hurt that his shy neighbor shared his appreciation for the simple things in life like a normal bar of soap. She didn’t have any of that overly perfumed expensive shit that never lathered properly and always left a rash on his skin. It also didn’t hurt that the bathroom looked like a bathroom and wasn’t covered from head to toe in lace and makeup. This was a bathroom a man could comfortably use.
He was just pulling on the T-shirt she’d left for him when he heard her scream, “No! Don’t do it!”
Jason was out of the bathroom before the last syllable left her mouth, running toward her and ready to kill whoever was trying to hurt her. He came to a skidding stop in front of her.
She smiled sweetly as she said, “God, I love you.”
His brows nearly shot through his hairline as his heart pounded. Shit, this was worse than he thought. She hadn’t been avoiding him all these years because she was shy. No, she was head over heels in love with him. Shit. This was awkward, especially since he was stuck here until an exterminator showed up. Now he hoped it was soon.
Really soon.
He opened his mouth to say something that would make this situation less awkward only to find himself gestured impatiently out of the way with a dough-covered wood spoon. Frowning, he stepped back, afraid of getting dough all over him, and couldn’t help but wonder what was wrong with the woman professing her love for him one minute only to shoo him out of the way the next.
“Never come between me and the man that I love,” Haley said, snapping him out of his thoughts.
Jason followed her gaze and chuckled. “Derek Jeter?” 
Haley frowned as if questioning her love for the man was stupid. “Of course.”
Jason couldn’t help but grin. Damn. How had he missed this? She had a huge television, bigger than his and that was really saying something since his television was the one thing he’d splurged on, with the Yankees game on.
“That’s a really big television for such a tiny woman,” Jason said teasingly.
“Well, how else am I supposed to watch my games and feel like I’m there?” Haley asked, frowning. “Plus, this way I get a better view of my future husband.”
“Does he know?” he asked, looking back at her. 
She scrunched her face up adorably. “Not yet, but I can wait,” she said with a smile that made her face go from utterly adorable and sweet to heartbreakingly beautiful in less than a second. 
Damn.
He shifted his feet awkwardly for a moment while she watched the game.
“Are you a Red Sox fan?” Haley suddenly asked.
“Hell, no!” Jason said, insulted by the question. He may live knee-deep in Red Sox territory, but that didn’t mean that he was a betraying bastard. Yankees were his first love and they would be his last.
“Thank god,” she said, sighing heavily as she sent the game one last look of longing before returning to her kitchen counter where, he noted with a chuckle, she had a small flat-screen television with the game playing. This woman really loved her Yankees, or at least, one in particular. 
What the hell was it with women and Derek Jeter?
He took a moment to glance around. The damn bees were still covering all of her windows, but his attention was elsewhere now. Her walls were covered in Yankees memorabilia. He wasn’t surprised when he spotted a signed photo of Derek Jeter hanging above the television in the living room. 
“Looks like we’re stuck inside until after dark,” she said, pulling his attention back to the kitchen. “The exterminator said that he has to wait for the nest to calm down. That will happen when the sun goes down. He’ll spray the nest and remove it if he can.”
Jason ran his fingers through his damp hair and sighed. “I guess you’re stuck with me for a little while then.”
 She shrugged. “It’s fine. There’s a game on so it should help pass the time.”
“True,” he murmured in agreement. 
“I’m making homemade pizza. I hope you don’t mind. I was planning on ordering pizza today for the game today, but with the bees and all…” Haley said, letting her words trail off with a shrug.
“No, that sounds great. I’m sorry that I’m intruding,” he said, feeling like an ass. This woman had spent the last five years avoiding him and now he was being forced on her thanks to a bunch of pissed off bees.
“Not a problem,” Haley said, but he got the feeling that she was lying. 
She’d never liked being around him before. Whenever he stood too close to Haley at work or went to sit next to her, she found an excuse to move. Now she was forced to have him in her house. She couldn’t be happy about this. His eyes drifted to the television when she sighed dreamily. Then again, her attention was elsewhere at the moment.
“Beer?”
“What?” Jason asked, frowning as he glanced back at her.
“Beer,” Haley said, gesturing absently towards the fridge without taking her eyes away from the television. 
“Oh,” Jason said with a chuckle as he retrieved two bottles from the fridge and handed one to her. She took it with a mumbled thanks and then a few choice words for one of the players.
Jason leaned back and watched the show. Not really the game, but Haley while she cooked and ranted. Soon it became obvious that if she wanted the vegetables to be sliced and not mangled every time she didn’t agree with a call that he’d have to do it for her. 
For the next six hours, they cooked, watched the game, ate, laughed, swore, screamed at the game, and got into an hour-long yelling match with the exterminator over the insane amount that he tried to charge them before the argument shifted back to the game. By the end of the night, Haley seemed to have come completely out of her shell and he counted himself fortunate to have another buddy, one who actually knew the stats without having to look them up. Not like several of his friends that he wouldn’t mention. It didn’t hurt that she was incredibly hot. That was just a bonus.
A nice bonus, but a bonus nonetheless from his newest buddy.
Chapter 3
“Is this 32 Long Point Road?” the short, husky man who smelled like he’d bathed in a gallon of cheap cologne and garlic asked as he climbed out of the beat-up Taurus parked across Haley’s driveway, blocking her in.
Now, normally Jason would either just ignore the asshole or give him a quick nod and continue minding his own business as he pulled the keg of beer out of his backseat, but not today. Today, he was going to do his normally shy neighbor and co-worker a favor. After yesterday, he was pretty sure this wouldn’t piss her off and send her back into hiding.
Okay, maybe he wasn’t a hundred percent sure, but he just couldn’t help himself, especially when the jerk actually shoved a condom in his front pocket and gave Jason a conspiratorial wink. 
Fuck it.
At that moment, he didn’t care if this sent her running for the hills and she slapped a restraining order on him, he was getting rid of the asshole.
“You’re not here for Haley, are you?” Jason asked, pulling the keg out of the car and set it on the ground.
The man frowned. “Yeah, why?”
Jason made a show of cringing as he quickly looked back at Haley’s house as though he was making sure that she wasn’t watching them.
“I really don’t think that’s such a good idea,” Jason mumbled.
“Why not?”
He gave the man an “Are you kidding?” look and had to stop himself from laughing when the man shifted nervously. 
“You know...” Jason said, purposely letting his words trail off.
“No, my friend set me up with her,” he said, shooting a nervous glance towards Haley’s house. 
Did the curtain just move? 
Sighing heavily, Jason rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s really not my place, but I’m not sure that this is such a good idea.”
“Why?” the man practically whined.
After a pause, Jason shook his head. “I’m sorry, but I really don’t like talking about it. All I can tell you is that you really need to be careful,” Jason said as he gave the man a pointed look while he stressed, “Really careful.”
The man’s eyes widened as his mouth dropped open. He took several steps back, shooting nervous glances towards Haley’s house. When he reached his car, he said, “I, uh, just suddenly remembered that I have somewhere I’m supposed to be.” With that, he practically jumped into his car and sped away.
Jason chuckled as he made his way to Haley’s front door. He knocked on the door and wasn’t really surprised when a minute passed and there was no answer. He pushed aside his disappointment and knocked again.  
Great.
It seemed that last night had been a fluke and that his shy neighbor was here to stay. He really liked spending time with Haley, more than he’d ever thought possible. Feeling like an idiot, Jason headed back to his house and the keg waiting for him.
A loud, wet hacking cough had him pausing halfway down her small walkway. The front door slowly opened as Haley said, “I’m sorry I took so long,” another hacking cough, “to answer,” another cough, “the,” cough, “door. But the doctor said I was still,” several loud and disturbing coughs later, “contagious, so I-Oh, it’s only you,” Haley said with a relieved sigh.
Jason’s lips twitched as he took in her outfit. On her head was one of the ugliest puke green knitted hats that he’d ever seen. Her oversized ratty bathrobe was worse, but the large wadded up ball of tissues in her hand was a nice touch. There was no doubt in his mind that she was faking it since he’d hung out with her last night and she’d been the picture of health. 
“Love the hat,” Jason said, smiling as he walked back to her front step.
Laughing, she pulled the offending hat off and chucked it at him. He caught it before it could hit him in the face. “What’s all this about?” he asked, gesturing to her outfit with the hat.
“Nothing,” she said quickly.
“Looks like date repellant to me.”
Blinking innocently, Haley said, “I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’m sick,” cough, “really sick,” and just to back up her story, she sniffled.
It was sad, adorable, but sad.
He couldn’t stop himself from rolling his eyes and chuckling. “I don’t know why you can’t just admit that you were ditching the love of your life.”
“I’m sick,” she stressed. “Really sick. I might very well be dying as we speak,” Haley said as she pushed her cute little glasses back up her nose.
With a shrug, Jason took a step back toward his house. “That’s a damn shame because I was hoping you’d come to my party today, but since you’re sick...”
She pressed the back of her hand against her forehead. “Hmmm, what do you know? I’m all better. What time is the party?” she asked with the cutest shy smile he’d ever seen.
“Four o’clock, you little faker,” Jason said, chuckling when she let out an excited squeal as she ran back inside her house.
*-*-*-*
Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea, Haley thought as she stood on Jason’s doorstep, with a plate of brownies. With an inward groan, she berated herself for being an idiot. Who brought brownies to a kegger? Okay, so she was assuming that this was a kegger, but in her defense, she’d witnessed some rather scary behavior going on over the years.
Some of the things she’d heard and seen had scarred her for life, but some of it had intrigued her. Not that she’d ever admit it, but on more than one occasion, she’d wondered what it would be like to go to one of Jason’s parties, which is probably why she’d jumped at the chance to go to one today. Jason’s parties had to be the equivalent of the parties the popular kids in high school used to throw and somehow forgot to invite her to, but now, she was about to rectify that. 
Maybe not, Haley thought, worrying her bottom lip as she looked down at the brownies. She was going to look like an idiot bringing brownies to a kegger. Hoping that no one heard her knocking over the loud music, she decided a quick stop at a liquor store was in order. She was just about to make her escape when the front door opened.
“What do you want?”
Frowning, Haley quickly took in the woman glaring down at her, noting the sleek black hair, perfect features touched by flawless make-up, and the killer short dress and decided that she was severely underdressed for this party in her jeans and baby pink Yankees long sleeve T-shirt.
Haley opened her mouth to make an excuse so that she could leave, realizing that she was in way over her head here, when the woman snorted.
“You’re the next-door neighbor,” the woman said, sounding amused. “What do you want?” she demanded as her eyes narrowed on the plate in Haley’s hands. 
“I just–”
“Amy, who is it?” Jason’s said from somewhere behind the woman currently glaring at her.
Amy rolled her eyes. “It’s just your neighbor dropping off some brownies,” she said as she reached over to take the plate from Haley. “I’ll just take them so she can go.”
“Brownies?” Jason said, suddenly filling the doorway, causing Amy to stumble back out of the way. 
“Hey!” Amy snapped, but Jason didn’t seem to hear her. His eyes were glued to the plate.
“Are those,” he noticeably swallowed, “brownies covered in peanut butter frosting?” 
Did he just whimper?
“They’re chocolate chunk fudge brownies with peanut butter frosting,” Haley mumbled absently as she caught the murderous glare Amy was sending her way. She was just about to hand the plate over to Jason and leave when everything in her stilled. 
After last night, she was through with getting pushed around. She was sick of missing out on things because she was too scared to do anything about it. She was a grown woman, damn it, and if she wanted to party it up at her first kegger, then she was damn well going to do it! She was going to have fun even if it killed her and judging by the mascara-glare being sent her way that was a good possibility.
“Let me just take those off your hands so you can grab yourself a beer,” Jason said, taking the plate from her while he gazed lovingly down at the brownies as he stepped back inside the house, leaving Haley to follow him.
“Hey, those look good! Can I have one?” a man she’d seen hundreds of times around Jason’s house asked, reaching out to take one.
“Back the fuck off! She brought them for me, you bastard!” Jason snapped.
Haley automatically took an anxious step back, fearing getting caught in the middle of a fight. But instead of yelling at Jason or getting mad like she’d seen a lot of guys do in bars over a lot less, the man just rolled his eyes and turned his attention to her.
“Hi, my name is Brad,” he said, holding out his hand.
After a slight hesitation that she hoped he hadn’t noticed, she took a step forward and shook his hand. “Haley.”
“Haley, it’s nice to meet you,” Brad said with a charming smile. “I apologize for my friend’s rudeness. He just learned how to walk upright last year,” he said dryly, earning a chuckle from her and most everyone around them.
Jason threw him a dirty look before making his way towards the kitchen, glaring at anyone that came within touching distance of the plate of brownies.
 “There’s pizza, chips, and plenty of drinks in the kitchen as long as Jason doesn’t get to it first, a volleyball game going on in the backyard, and of course, video games in the living room until the game comes on. Make yourself at home,” Brad said with a warm smile.
“Thank you,” Haley murmured, taking it all in. 
This was it? Haley wondered as she took in the laidback party and couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed. Something must have shown on her face because a few seconds later, Brad leaned in and asked, “Were you expecting Animal House?”
“No!” she said quickly, a little too quickly. She had been expecting something along those lines. She definitely hadn’t pictured any of this. 
This she could definitely handle.
He chuckled. “Come on out back with me so that I can introduce you to my wife,” Brad said, smiling. “I promise you’ll have a good time.”
For the first time since she’d walked over here, she felt herself relax and realized that she might be able to handle this after all.
*-*-*-*
“Who’s the hottie kicking Mitch’s ass?”
Without looking up as he loaded his plate with more pizza, Jason said, “Amy.” At least, he hoped it was Amy. Her clingy behavior was becoming annoying and he hadn’t missed the bitch act she’d put on for Haley or the dirty looks she’d been sending his little neighbor all night. He knew that he should have sent Amy away when he saw her heading toward his house earlier.
“No, the cute little thing with glasses.”
Frowning, Jason looked up and followed Pete’s gaze towards the couch where Haley was sitting next to Mitch, playing a game on Xbox. 
“She’s my neighbor,” he said, not liking the expression on Pete’s face one bit.
“Is she here with anyone?” Pete asked, never taking his eyes off Haley.
“No.”
“Good,” Pete said, grinning as he looked back over his shoulder. “I won’t even bother asking to use your room since we can just head over to her place.”
Jason sighed heavily. It seemed that he was going to have to save Haley from two douchebags today. 
Pete turned to look at him. “What was that about?”
“What?” Jason asked innocently.
“That little sigh you just did,” Pete said, gesturing lazily toward him.
“Nothing,” Jason said with a shrug, returning his attention to piling food on his plate, “I just didn’t think you were into that, that’s all.”
“Into what?” Pete demanded, sounding a little unsure. Considering the man’s reputation, there probably wasn’t much that he wasn’t into, which was why Jason decided that he wouldn’t do for his shy little neighbor. It had taken him five years to get Haley to climb out of her shell and he wasn’t about to let this jackass send her back there for good.
“Just forget I said anything,” Jason said, grabbing a cold soda from one of the coolers on the floor.
“But–”
“I don’t want to get involved in this,” Jason said, cutting him off. He moved to step past Pete only to pause. “Just...just make sure that she takes her medication and you should be safe. I mean fine,” Jason amended, as he quickly walked away before he burst into laughter at his friend’s horrified expression. 
Damn, that felt good. He should have done that years ago when he’d spotted the first asshole sniffing around Haley. Did this make him her wingman? Jason wondered as he walked over to the couch and shoved Mitch off so he could sit down next to his new little project. That was fine with him, Jason decided, because by the time he was done with her, she’d be living a much more entertaining and asshole-free life.
Chapter 4
Haley took a deep breath and said, “I’m gay.”
“You’re gay?” the obnoxious guy standing behind her who’d been sniffing around her and bugging the hell out of her for the past ten minutes repeated. “Are you sure?” 
She bit back a laugh. The guy looked upset. She hated pulling out the gay card, mostly because she wasn’t gay, but sometimes she had no choice. If he’d been nice when he’d been hitting on her, she would have politely declined, but no, he had to be a complete asshole the entire time. 
He actually used the old line, “That dress looks great on you, but it will look even better crumpled up on my bedroom floor in the morning.” Yeah, it was truly sad, especially since they were in a coffee shop and it was barely half-past seven in the morning. Between dirty comments, overcrowding her, and openly staring down at her breasts, she was starting to get a little irritated. Plus, his B.O. was really turning her stomach. If she didn’t need a caffeine fix so badly, she’d leave, but she did and couldn’t or she was pretty sure she’d die.
Jason and some of the guys came over last night to watch the game. Since it went into extra innings and she was a dedicated fan, she’d stayed up until two in the morning. Of course, she had to stay up to watch the post-game wrap up after the game ended. With barely four hours of sleep, here she was practically getting mauled by the poster boy for deodorant. 
After three weeks, it was still funny how she’d gone from being completely intimidated by Jason to thinking of him as an oversized teddy bear. Jason could still be a pain in the ass, but a really nice pain in the ass. He still “borrowed” things from her classroom, but now he left her amusing notes that had her laughing until she was crying and scaring the hell out of her students. 
He was still a bit wild and a ridiculous flirt, but he was a big sweetheart as well. He treated her like his buddy. It was actually rather nice to be treated like one of the guys. That being said, sometimes first impressions were dead on, like with her current problem.
“Yes, I’m sure.”
He looked thoughtful for a moment. “Well, do you think the two of you would want to–”
“No,” she said firmly.
“But what if I–”
“No.”
“Come on, you won’t let me finish. I have this camera–”
“No.”
“It would be fun–”
“No.”
“But what if–”
“She said no,” Jason said as he cut in line and threw his arm around her shoulders in that lazy way of his. 
“Hey! I thought you said you were gay!” the man said accusingly.
Without missing a beat, Jason said, “She is. I’m just her bitch.”
The man sent a narrowed glare at Jason’s arm and then to her. He sent another glare at Jason and she could tell that he was deciding whether he wanted to push it any further. Based on his small size and Jason’s large muscular build, he wisely chose to drop it. 
“So, what are you buying me this morning?” Haley asked Jason.
He scoffed. “Me? Why am I buying?”
“Because I helped you win fifty dollars off Brian last night.”
He rolled his eyes. “I would have won it without your help.”
“Uh–huh,” Haley said absently, stepping up to the counter to place her order. She added a chocolate chip muffin knowing that Jason was going to steal hers. He seemed to have a thing for stealing her food. 
“I would have. I didn’t need your help,” Jason said more firmly.
She grabbed her order while he was waiting for his and headed for the door. “See ya.”
“I won that bet on my own!” Jason called after her, making her smile. Sometimes he was just so damn cute.
*-*-*-*
Jason bit back a smile as he watched Haley tell Headmaster Jenkins that she couldn’t chaperone the school dance tonight. A month ago, his shy little neighbor would have simply stared at her coffee and nodded. Now, she was telling the man no, firmly, yet gently. 
He took some pride in it. It was because of him, after all. It took some work, but she was coming along rather nicely. Who knew there was a little tigress beneath all that cuteness? He hadn’t, but it was nice to see her stick up for herself for once. The staff might bitch at his methods and his easygoing relationship with the kids, but at least he’d never ganged up Haley and taken advantage of her by making her do all the bullshit that no one else wanted to do.
“But, Haley, we really need you to chaperone. John has tickets to a play tonight.”
“I’m sorry, Tom, but I already have plans tonight. I really wish I could help you out, but I can’t break my plans at the last minute. You understand,” Haley said with a helpless shrug.
Her self-esteem was clearly on the rise and it made the whole package even better. Jason wasn’t the only one to notice either. Other teachers were showing her more respect and the men were definitely noticing her. Oh, he took a hundred percent of the credit for his little protégé. He was definitely the master. It was probably about time that he used his greatness for good.
He spotted the table where she’d left her coffee and muffins as well as the three men, all losers in his opinion, who were eying the seat next to hers. Without any hesitation, he sauntered past them and sat down at her table, earning killing glares from every one of them. Too fucking bad. In his opinion, if a man didn’t have the balls to make a move, then he didn’t deserve the woman that he wanted. Not that he wanted Haley. He didn’t. She was his buddy and turning out to be one of his best friends. No, what he desired was that piping hot chocolate chip muffin with extra butter he saw her buy earlier.
He sighed happily as he fished the muffin out of her bag. “When will she ever learn?” he mumbled as he prepared the stolen muffin. 
“Please, help yourself,” Haley said dryly as she sat down and added a packet of sugar to her coffee.
“Thank you. I think I will,” Jason murmured as he slathered more butter on his muffin.
“What are these amazing plans you have for tonight?” he asked between bites.
“Date,” she said absently.
“I guess that means our love affair is over,” he said with a pout.
“I guess so.”
“I’m hurt.”
“You’ll survive…with therapy, of course,” she said with a wink and a grin. 
“Is this another loser?”
She looked away and mumbled something. 
“I’m sorry, but I don’t speak mumble,” he said while eying the piping hot apple muffin with streusel topping that she just took out of the bag. Hell, how had he missed that delicious little morsel?
His hand seemed to have a life of its own as it crept towards that tasty little treat. With a gasp, Haley’s hands came down to protect her muffin. 
“Control yourself!” she hissed as she broke off a small chunk and ate it. His eyes went back to the muffin. He knew that he was pouting when Haley rolled her eyes and continued eating. Damn it, where was the love? He was a hungry man. With a sigh, Jason opened his bag and pulled out one of the three coffee rolls he’d ordered and began eating them all while keeping his eye on that muffin.
“You’re pathetic,” Haley muttered with a roll of her eyes as she pushed the last half of her muffin over to him. With a huge grin, he popped the muffin in his mouth and savored it. 
“So, what is it that you don’t want me to know, my little grasshopper?” Jason asked, stirring his coffee. The last date she had was a loser in his opinion and really, wasn’t that all that mattered? He hadn’t been worthy of all his work. They’d work on that until she dated guys that he approved of. Someone with a cabin in New Hampshire for fishing trips or a house down in Florida would make him very happy. He really could go for some deep-sea fishing in the winter. 
“Stop calling me that!” Haley hissed softly. “For the hundredth time, I am not the Daniel-san to your Mr. Miyagi.”
He simply shrugged. “If that’s what you want to believe…”
“It is, and I do.”
“If I could get everyone’s attention before you head off to homeroom?” Jenkins said, holding up his clipboard to get everyone’s attention. “We need one more volunteer for tonight’s dance,” he said, throwing a hopeful look Haley’s way.
“Wax on…wax off…” Jason whispered, earning a rather indelicate snort from Haley.
“Did you say something, Miss Blaine?” Jenkins asked, drawing everyone’s attention to Haley. 
Jason leaned back in his seat and watched Haley as the blush crept up her adorable face while she nervously pushed her glasses back up her nose. Ah, it seems his protégé still hated drawing attention to herself. Well, she’d have to get used to that if they were going to be friends since he had the unfortunate habit of drawing attention to himself pretty much everywhere he went.
“Yes, Miss Blaine, did you have something to say?” Jason asked in an amused tone.
She shot him a narrowed glare before turning to look at Jenkins. In seconds, the glare was gone only to be replaced by a rather sweet smile. He was so focused on that smile that he almost missed what she said.
“No, Mr. Jenkins, that wasn’t me. Mr. Bradford was volunteering to chaperone tonight’s dance,” she said, nodding solemnly.
“What?” Jason said, too late.
Jenkins grinned hugely. “Well, that’s excellent! Very good. Make sure you’re here by seven o’clock. It ends at eleven. Thank you, Mr. Bradford,” Jenkins said in a rush. It didn’t escape Jason’s notice that the man hadn’t bothered double-checking with him and that he’d practically ran out of the room before Jason could refuse. 
His attention immediately turned to the little traitor. “You betraying bitch,” he gasped.
Her smile went from innocent to wicked in less than a second. “Have fun at the dance,” Haley said in a mocking tone as she stood up and placed her hands together in front of her and bowed.
Smartass. 
She’d betrayed him. Damn that hurt, Jason thought, unable to help but grin. She really was coming along rather nicely.
*-*-*-*
“Oh, god, I love him!” the girl, Cindy or something, wailed loudly, making Jason shift nervously. He’d never dealt well with emotions, especially female emotions. He looked around nervously and damn near sighed with relief when he spotted a small group of girls descend on her.
“He’s such a jerk!” one of them said.
“Don’t say that! I love him!” Cindy cried.
“Oh, I know you do, but he’s not good enough for you,” a slightly chubby girl said as she put her arm around the girl.
Good. Everything was fine. He could go back to chaperoning a bunch of hormone–crazed teenagers to god-awful music. Yup, he was truly going to kill Haley, Jason thought as he stepped away.
“Mr. Bradford, why would he do this to me?” the girl demanded.
He froze mid-step and looked around nervously, hoping that another Mr. Bradford was standing close by and willing to handle this. No such luck. 
Jason cleared his throat before he asked, “Do what exactly?”
She scoffed at him with a look of utter disbelief that told him that she thought he should be aware of everything going on in her life. Considering he’d never paid much attention to any woman’s life, she was in for a hell of a rude awakening. Thankfully, one of her friends took pity on him.
“Marc Griswold. They ate at the same table two times in the last two weeks! He talked to her during study hall and asked to borrow her chemistry notes. Now he’s here with her,” she said, pursing her face up in disgust, making him curious so that he couldn’t help but follow her glare.
He spotted Marc dancing with a very pretty brunette. Her name he remembered, Janie. She was a smart girl and funny as hell. If memory served him correctly, Marc had been in love with the girl for the last two years. The poor guy, who was normally so sure of himself and easy-going, turned into a stuttering fool when the girl was around. He’d been wondering when the kid was going to work up the courage to finally ask her out.
“Hmmm, good for him,” Jason mumbled, earning a collective gasp of outrage.
“How could you, Mr. Bradford?” the girl wailed even louder, making him cringe. 
Oh, he was going to kill Haley for this shit.
*-*-*-*
“I had a really nice time,” Jonathan said, probably for the tenth time.
Haley forced herself to smile and, of course, lie. “I did, too,” she said, hoping he wouldn’t ask her to elaborate because she would be hard-pressed to find something nice to say about this evening, except that it was finally ending. 
This was definitely the last time that she went on a date with anyone that Mary, one of her oldest and dearest friends, suggested. One would think after Mary set her up with the taxidermist, who liked to carry his projects with him, that she would have learned her lesson. Haley apparently hadn’t because somehow, she’d agreed to go out with this loser.
It hadn’t started off badly. In fact, he’d been on time and she’d thought he was cute in a nerdish way. He was tall, a bit thin, but still, he looked nice. His clothes were clean and he smelled good. The first clue that something just wasn’t right occurred when they arrived at the restaurant. 
That’s when his mother called for the first time. During their four-hour date, it lasted that long because he took so long to eat, she’d called a total of twenty-three times. Yes, Haley was sure that it was his mother because he’d sat at the table when he took the calls and she’d been able to hear every soul-crushing word. 
The reasons for the calls ranged from, she missed him, wanted to know if he’d rather come home and eat what she cooked, reminded him to clean his room tomorrow, and her personal favorite, she wanted to know if he was still with “her.” Judging by her tone and the amount of calls, his mommy was not a happy camper about her little boy was on a date. 
Granted, her little boy was thirty-five years old, and according to him, had never lived on his own. Why would he when he lived with his best friend? Meaning, mommy dearest. Of course, he did spend a good amount of time complaining about how unfair his mother could be. Who knew that a thirty-five-year-old man could still be grounded for not picking up his dirty socks? She certainly hadn’t.
Haley couldn’t wait to get inside her house and change into a pair of jeans and a T-shirt and have a good laugh about this with Jason. Then again, Jason might not have forgiven her for earlier, hence the large piece of chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting in the doggy container she was currently holding. Jason was a big baby, but a big baby that could be bought with food. 
“Well, here we are,” Haley said brightly as they pulled into her driveway only to add, “It’s been fun. Thank you again,” as she practically ran from the car.
“This is a really nice house,” Jonathan said from somewhere close by, too close. Haley looked back and bit back the curse that threatened to leave her lips. He was following her to the door. She wanted to cry, really, she did. When would this nightmare end?
She walked up to her door and plastered another fake smile on her face. “Well, thanks again.”
“You’re welcome,” he said as he gave her a shy smile before he leaned in to kiss her. Thankfully, she saw that one coming and turned her head in time to receive a wet kiss on her cheek. 
Ew…
She barely stopped herself from wiping her face. She’d scrub it off in a scalding hot shower as soon as she got inside, she promised herself. 
“Oops. Sorry,” Jonathan mumbled as he leaned in to give her another kiss. 
Faster than even she thought was possible, Haley had the front door unlocked and stumbled back, saving herself from more slobber.
“Well, it’s been nice, but–”
“Can I come in for a cup of coffee?” Jonathan asked eagerly before he added, “I can stay out as late as I want tonight.” Oh, she knew that he was lying. Someone was going to be in so much trouble when he got home, Haley thought, mentally tsking him.
She opened her mouth to politely refuse when the yelling began.
“Help me!” 
What the hell? It sounded like Jason was in her house. 
“Help me, please! Somebody, please help me! Why won’t somebody help me?”
“What’s that?” Jonathan asked, shifting nervously.
Haley didn’t stop to answer. She was already running toward the sounds of Jason screaming, wondering why it sounded like it was coming from her room. Seconds later, she threw her bedroom door open and stumbled as she came to a halt five feet into the room, which put her directly in front of her bed.
“What the hell…” Jonathan muttered as he came to a stop behind her.
“Oh, thank god you’re here, Haley!” Jason said, sounding happy for someone who was tied to her bed and only wearing a pair of boxer shorts. “I know you said it turns you on knowing that I’m tied to your bed waiting for you, but I really need to use the bathroom and stretch my legs before we…” he said, his voice trailing off when he caught sight of Jonathan.
Sighing dramatically, Jason said, “I thought we agreed that you would tell me ahead of time before you added someone to our bed. It’s fine this time. Lucky for you I think we still have plenty of lube.” With another sigh, he glanced at Jonathan, who was still staring at Jason dumbly, and added, “I hope you’re not a screamer. The last guy screamed his head off every time I–”
“You’re sick!” Jonathan cried, cutting Jason off. “Stay away from me and don’t try to call me either! I’m telling my mother about you!” 
Haley didn’t spare Jonathan a glance as she glared at the man with the huge shit-eating grin tied to her bed. She was vaguely aware of her front door slamming shut and the sound of tires peeling out of her driveway.
“Is that for me?” Jason asked, looking pointedly at the styrofoam container in her hands. 
“Mmmhmm,” Haley mumbled as she walked around the bed and placed the container on his chest and opened it. She didn’t miss the way that his eyes widened in pleasure.
“Is that–”
“Peanut butter frosting, yup,” she finished for him.
He licked his lips as he stared at the huge dessert. “You are the best, ever. Untie me so I can dig in,” Jason said absently as he continued to stare at the cake, probably trying to decide which end he was going to attack first.
“You can’t get free?”
“Nope.”
“You did this yourself?”
“Yes. Now cake, woman.”
“Uh-huh…” Haley mumbled absently as she stepped away from the bed and headed for the bathroom.
“Wait, where are you going?”
“I’m just getting something to untie you with.”
“Hurry.”
“Sure thing,” Haley said, glad that he couldn’t see her shit-eating grin. 
Chapter 5
“I said, shut up!” Jason snapped as he stole the basketball from Brad and tossed it into the hoop. Brad wiped the tears off his cheeks as he struggled to stop laughing. 
“Shut up!”
“I can’t…I can’t…believe that she shaved your legs!” Brad said between gasps of laughter. The bastard. Thankfully, Jason was wearing a shirt to cover up his now hairless chest and armpits. 
Oh, Haley was going to pay for this.
“She ate my cake, too!” Jason said, which in his mind was the more serious betrayal. She didn’t even let him lick the spoon clean and he’d asked several times. Damn tease. That cake had smelled so good. His stomach rumbled just from thinking about it.
“Man, for someone so obsessed with food, you’re lucky you’re not fat,” Brad said as he continued laughing his ass off. Thankfully, he was now able to stand so that Jason could kick his ass in this game.
“It’s not luck. I have a high metabolism and I work out,” Jason said, taking another shot. 
“How long did she keep you tied up?” 
“I don’t know why you find this so funny. You’re supposed to be my best friend. This should outrage you that someone would take advantage of me like that. Where’s your loyalty?” Jason demanded with a glare.
Brad abruptly stopped laughing and arched a brow in disbelief. “You hired two strippers at my bachelor party to give me a Brazilian bikini wax when I passed out.”
Jason chuckled. Oh, that had been a very good night indeed. In fact, he was pretty sure that he had the pictures around here somewhere. During the entire ceremony, Brad had fidgeted at the altar while he’d tried to discreetly scratch himself. From what Jason heard, his wife loved it so much that she’d been after Brad to have it done again. To say that Brad was reluctant to allow hot wax near his package again was an understatement.
“Nothing you can bitch about will be any worse than what you’ve done to everyone else over the years. In fact, I believe Haley is now my hero.”
“She’s dead to me,” Jason said with a sniff.
“Uh-huh,” Brad said, stealing the ball and making a shitty shot.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Jason demanded, taking the ball back.
Brad shrugged. “It just seems that you like her.”
“I do like her,” he said easily before adding, “When she’s not betraying me, she’s my buddy.”
“She’s a very hot buddy in a very cute way I would say,” Brad added.
“There is that, too,” Jason said, dribbling the ball. “It’s nice to have eye candy around for my enjoyment.” He looked Brad over. “It wouldn’t kill you to pretty yourself up if you’re going to be in my presence.”
“Yeah, I’ll get right on that,” Brad said wryly.
“See that you do.”
After a few minutes of playing, Brad asked, “So, is there anything going on between you and Haley?”
Jason just barely held back a laugh. “Come on! She’s my buddy. I don’t see her that way!”
“Uh-huh.”
“I don’t.”
“Sure.”
Jason shoved the ball at Brad. “What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Brad shrugged as he took another shot. “Nothing. Just noticed how you watch her sometimes.”
“Oh? Enlighten me. How do I watch her?”
Brad looked down at the ball as he bounced it once, twice, and then looked up. “Like you want to devour her from top to bottom and you’d kill anyone who got in your way.”
Jason snorted. Then for good measure, he snorted again. “No, I don’t.”
“Yes, you do.”
“It’s all in your head.”
“Whatever you say,” Brad said easily, pissing Jason off more.
He didn’t want Haley. He didn’t look at her in any special way. She was his friend, his buddy, his amigo, and he saw her as a friend and not some tasty morsel that he wanted to devour. Okay, so yeah, she was hot and those glasses made her look utterly adorable and he’d noticed that she had really nice legs and big breasts that he was sure would cradle his head very nicely, but who wouldn’t notice that? She was also small, which made him protective of her. He also liked putting his arm around her because she felt good against his side and fit perfectly under his arm. So what? It didn’t mean anything.
“Oh, here comes the object of your desire now,” Brad said, chuckling.
“Shut up!” Jason snapped before he turned his attention to Haley, who was in a new green silk blouse and a dark skirt. It looked like she was going to work, not hanging out on a Sunday, he thought, noting the foil-covered plate in her hands.
“You look nice. Where are you off to?” Brad asked.
Haley sighed unhappily, “Barbeque.”
Both men gaped as they looked her over. “You’re going to a barbeque dressed like that?” Brad asked. 
Jason kept his thoughts to himself since he still wasn’t speaking to her. Who went to a barbeque like that? What happened to jeans and a T-shirt or a tank top? Clearly, they still had much to work on. 
“Family barbeque, don’t ask,” she said before turning her attention to Jason. “Are you still mad at me?”
He grunted before walking off. 
“Oh, come on! I eventually let you go!” 
He flipped her off without looking back. 
“That cake wasn’t half as yummy as it looked. It left me uncomfortably full!” she yelled, earning a laugh from Brad and a second one-finger salute from Jason.
“What do you have there?” Brad asked, looking down at the plate in her arms.
Haley sighed as she pulled back the foil, revealing large chocolate chunk cookies. “I made these for the big baby so that he would stop his tantrum.”
“Wow, those look really good! Can I have one?”
She shrugged. “Sure, since the baby doesn’t want them.”
Brad picked up a cookie. It was inches away from his mouth when a large tan hand suddenly grabbed it. Jason snatched the plate from her before sending Brad a killing glare. 
“How dare you touch my cookies, you bastard!” Jason said in utter disgust before popping the cookie in his mouth and heading back to his house.
“Damn those looked good, too,” Brad grumbled.
Haley sighed. “Don’t worry, I have another plate on my kitchen counter.” The words were barely out of her mouth when Jason abruptly changed course and headed toward her house. 
“Well, I did,” Haley said, sighing as she watched Jason walk into her house like he owned it. A minute later, he was walking out of her house, carrying both plates of cookies and the gallon of milk she’d had in her fridge. He headed back to his house, but not before he glared at Brad. “You cookie thieving bastard,” they heard him mutter before he headed inside.
Brad rolled his eyes, chuckling. “And people wonder how I lost weight rooming with him in college.”
Haley just laughed as she locked her house and headed for her car. For a moment there, she forgot about the hell that was waiting for her. 
*-*-*-*
Haley ignored the glare of the parking attendant as she pulled around her parents’ mansion and parked her car. She tried not to roll her eyes, but she just couldn’t stop herself. Leave it to her parents to go overboard for a family barbeque. 
Why they bothered, Haley would never know. It wasn’t like the rest of their family didn’t know that they were rich. It was kind of pathetic if you asked her, no one did, of course. She was just expected to show up at family functions, act perfect, and bite her tongue. Yup, this was going to be so much fun.
For the next four hours, and that was how long her mother told her that she absolutely had to stay or she’d throw a fit to end all fits, Haley was going to have to endure looks of pity over her marital status, childless state, job, and looks. Yup, this was going to be great, just great. 
Why couldn’t her car have stalled on the way over here or, better yet, run out of gas, leaving her stranded at the mercy of the wildlife that would maul her and save her from this hell? Was that really too much to ask? 
She ran a hand over her blouse to smooth it down as she approached the front door. Before she could knock, the door opened. Jameson, her parents’ butler of ten years, looked distastefully down his nose at her. 
“Your mother expected you a half an hour ago, Miss Blaine,” he said with a haughty sniff. It hadn’t escaped her notice that he called her sisters by their first names and even smiled when he did it. It was just another reminder that she didn’t fit in.
“Where is she?” Haley asked, hoping to get this over with.
Another sniff. “Madam is in the backyard. She’s very exhausted. She’s been working day and night on this barbeque. She was up at the crack of dawn and hasn’t rested since!”
“Uh-huh,” Haley absently said as she walked past people that she didn’t know. Funny how family barbeques in her family really meant inviting everyone they wanted to impress. It seemed that she was the only one that hadn’t brought an entourage. She had friends that she really cared about and could have brought, but well, it was because she cared about them that she wouldn’t inflict this upon them.
“Haley, so nice to see you!” her cousin Jacob said. “You should come to the Vineyard this summer and stay at my new cottage. It’s fabulous, you’ll love it!” he said loud enough to draw attention to himself. She had no doubt that it was for the benefit of the crowd surrounding him since he hated her. It might have something to do with her putting Nair in his shampoo bottle when they were kids.
Ah, whatever. 
Haley simply gave that fake smile that her mother had drilled into her head growing up. She made her way to the backyard where she found her mother working hard at sipping a Martini and gossiping with Haley’s sisters, a few aunts, and her grandmother snoozing in a wheelchair a few feet away under her own umbrella. 
Her father, brothers-in-law, several uncles, cousins, and men she didn’t recognize sat on the opposite end of the large brick patio that spanned the entire length of the mansion. On the lawn, professional caterers were barbequing on huge gas grills while others placed food on tables and set up chairs around the tables that now covered a small portion of her parents’ ten-acre backyard. 
It didn’t surprise her that there were no kids at the family barbeque. To even suggest bringing a child here would have sent her mother into a snit. A social queen her mother definitely was, a mother and grandmother? Not even a little bit. She’d hardly been there for their childhood. Why do it when she could pay someone else, was her mother’s motto. Nannies and maids had raised her and her siblings until the ripe old age of ten when they’d each in turn went away to a private year-round boarding school. From then on, it became obvious that they were only guests here. 
Some might think it was a pathetic upbringing and, to a point, she would agree. Since her parents only saw children as an accessory, they’d really had no business having them. It would have been a horrible childhood if her grandparents hadn’t bought a house close to her school the first week and brought Haley to live with them. Thanks to her grandparents, she’d had a wonderful childhood. She loved the life her grandparents had given her, which was one of the reasons why at eighteen, she’d taken over her life and decided to pursue her own dreams instead of following in her family’s footsteps. 
“Oh, Haley! There you are, dear!” her mother said cheerfully. Was she trying to smile? No, it was just Botox. Her whole face looked completely frozen in a pained grimace.
“Hello, mother,” Haley said, giving her mother a barely-there kiss on the cheek as her mother gave her the same. 
“Have a seat, dear!” Her mother gestured to the seat next to her. Haley’s sisters, Martha and Rose, sent her identical smirks as they picked up their glasses and fluffed back their hair in an attempt to show off whatever new trinket their husbands, more likely husbands’ secretaries, had bought for them.
“It’s so nice to see you, Haley,” Rose said with a cool smile as she displayed her diamond bracelet.
“It’s nice to see you too, Rose. How are your children?” Haley asked. 
Rose gave her a rather bland look. “How would I know?”
Haley opened her mouth to point out that they were, in fact, her children but decided against it.
Martha leaned in, trying to look discreet. The fact that she raised her voice kind of wrecked the effect. “You poor thing! I see the diet didn’t work.” She pouted. “Did you get dumped again?” She shook her head as if it was of no consequence and pulled out a business card that she’d probably had waiting for this moment. “Here’s the name of a great plastic surgeon doctor who does wonders with liposuction.”
Still smiling, Haley accepted the card. Since she’d lost a few pounds in the last couple of weeks and didn’t consider herself fat, especially since her stomach was flat, she knew that her sister was just trying to point out that Haley wasn’t stick thin like the rest of them. Flat breasts and looking skeletal was apparently in. Since she would never look like them, or wanted to, she simply left the business card on the table.
Haley had no problem with the way she looked. She was comfortable with her curves. In fact, she had the same curves that her grandmother had when she was younger. The same grandmother out cold in her wheelchair and the one that everyone here, but her, feared to piss off. She could be a little hellion to deal with. They all looked down on her for her middle-class ways, forgetting that it was her hard work and sacrifices that made the family what it was today.
“You know they can reduce those things these days,” Rose said distastefully, pulling Haley away from her thoughts.
“What things?” Haley asked, distracted by one of her cousins eying their grandmother like a vulture. She had no doubt that he was counting her breaths. Hell, the little prick was mouthing the words. These people were pathetic.
“Your breasts, dear. They’re…well, they’re so lower class. They make you look like a waitress or something,” her aunt said sympathetically. 
“I think you would look great with less…curves,” Rose added.
Smile. “I’ll keep it in mind, thank you. Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
“Oh, wait, dear!” her mother said, holding up her hand. “I wanted to ask you how your little hobby was going.”
Her little hobby, meaning her job. Smile. “It’s going great. Thank you for asking. We’ll be breaking for the summer in two months. I’m thinking about traveling or renting a cabin in New Hampshire for a few weeks.”
“Honestly, dear, I don’t know why you do it. If you’re so determined to work, then you should go back to school and get a real degree in law or medicine like your father. Is it because you’re trying to meet a man?” her mother asked, sounding hopeful.
Smile. “No, I’m not looking for a man. I enjoy what I do.”
Her mother’s answer was a frown. Well, it looked like she was trying to frown. Actually, everyone at the table was frowning now. They couldn’t understand why she wanted to work since none of them had ever worked a day in their lives. Personally, she thought they were rather spoiled and she was wondering why she came here in the first place. Then she remembered. She came here for Grandma. She couldn’t leave Grandma to these vultures and it didn’t hurt that Grandma threatened to take her over her knee and spank her if she didn’t come.
“Sweetheart!” her father said, smiling hugely as he leaned over and kissed her on both cheeks. Smile. “Happy birthday, sweetheart. I’m sorry it’s a couple of weeks late,” he said sheepishly.
“Thank you, Dad,” she said, taking the birthday card. Smile. Her birthday had been five months ago. Yes, her entire family had forgotten, well, except Grandma, of course. She’d called at five in the morning, waking Haley up on her birthday, demanding that Haley knock some sense into her parents. Haley calmed her down and thanked her for the gift she’d sent the day before. The next day, she’d visited Grandma and took her out for lunch. Her old nannies sent her birthday cards and gifts as well. Her friends had made her a birthday dinner and they’d gone out to celebrate. 
“I can’t believe my little baby is twenty-five already!” he said.
“I know.” She couldn’t believe it either since she was twenty-seven, but hey, if he wanted to make her younger, who was she to argue?
“She’s twenty-seven, you fool!” Grandma said. “She turned twenty-seven in December. How I raised fools is beyond me,” Grandma grumbled.
Smile. “Thanks, Dad. It’s fine.”
His smile wavered, and for the first time in her life, he truly looked ashamed. 
“I’m going to call you later this week,” he said firmly.
“Dad, it’s okay,” she said, letting him off the hook.
“No, it’s not,” he said before he forced the fake smile to return and turned around to respond to someone calling his name.
“Honestly, Haley. There’s no need to create such drama over nonsense,” her mother said, shaking her head in disgust. Everyone sent her mother pitying looks and eye rolls at Haley as if it was her fault for simply existing.
Smile. “Sorry, if you’ll excuse me,” Haley said, taking her card with her and shoved it in her purse. She walked over and sat down next to her grandmother.
 “I don’t know why you put up with them,” Grandma said on a huff.
“It’s fine.”
“The hell it is!”
For the first time since she’d arrived, Haley felt her lips pull up into a real smile. 
“Deborah, what are we having today?” Grandma demanded of Haley’s mother, her least favorite daughter-in-law.
Her mother smiled. Well, tried to smile. “We’re having salmon with broiled spinach leaves, a nonfat mock potato salad, and some nonfat sugarless flourless soy French delicacies that are simply to die for.”
Grandma’s eyes narrowed dangerously as her hand went for the cane, forcing Haley to discreetly wrestle it away from her. 
“Hey, that’s mine!” Grandma snapped as Haley put the cane next to her chair and out of Grandma’s reach. Grumbling, she rubbed the back of her hand. Damn, Grandma had a firm grip.
“Behave,” Haley hissed, making Grandma smile. Out of all the children and grandchildren, Haley was the only one who treated Grandma like the devious pain in the butt that she could be and not an unwanted responsibility they got stuck with. 
Grandma turned her attention back to Deborah. “I want a burger, a hot dog, and some real potato salad.”
“Mother dearest, we simply don’t have that here!” Haley’s mother said as if the very idea of having such basic food items in her house was unheard of.
Grandma glared at her for a moment longer before returning her attention to Haley. “You?”
“Me, what?”
“You have those things in your house, don’t you?”
Haley nodded. In fact, her freezer and pantry were filled to the brim with staples for barbeques since she loved barbeque food. It probably had something to do with Grandma raising her. 
“Good,” Grandma said firmly as she gestured to Chris, her helper. He’d just turned fifty, but he still worked hard to take care of Grandma. “Let’s go, Chris.”
Chris nodded as he obediently walked over and began pushing Grandma toward the pathway that would take them to the driveway. Without looking back, Grandma said, “Let’s go, Haley!”
Haley stood. “Go where?”
“To your house. Where else? Now come along before they try to crash our party.”
Haley hid her smile as she obediently followed her grandmother out the door. No wonder she absolutely adored this woman. 
Chapter 6
“I’m hungry,” Jason grumbled as he stared down at the empty plates on his small coffee table.
Brad groaned, “You practically ate both plates of cookies. How in the hell are you still hungry?”
Jason shrugged as he leaned back in his chair to watch the game. “I just am. Leave me the hell alone! I’m a growing boy, damn it!”
“Yeah, a growing twenty-eight-year-old boy,” Brad mumbled.
“I’m still growing damn it, so shut the hell up and feed me!” 
“Order something and stop bitching!” Brad snapped.
“You order something. I’m too weak to move.”
Brad rolled his eyes. “I don’t know how Haley puts up with you. I would have killed you by now.”
“Haley worships me,” Jason said with a snort.
“Yeah, okay,” Brad said, laughing. “That’s why she dates other men and screws you over just to laugh at you.”
“Exactly.”
Brad looked over at him. “You are a seriously fucked up man, aren’t you?”
“Probably,” Jason said unconcerned.
“I thought so.”
A soft knock at the door drew their attention, making Brad cringe. “This isn’t another one of your girlfriends coming for revenge, is it?”
Jason rolled his eyes as he reluctantly stood up. “I think calling any of them my girlfriend is a bit of an exaggeration. I rather you stick with referring to them as ‘the women who agreed to having a good time with no strings attached who got really pissed at me when I got bored and left them for someone hotter.’”
“Wow, that’s a mouthful,” Brad murmured. “And surprisingly, none of them has killed you yet.”
“It is, isn’t it,” Jason agreed.
He opened the door, already knowing that there wouldn’t be any pissed off women waiting to scream at him. It had been a while since he’d taken a woman to bed and to the best of his knowledge, all the previous mistakes had already told him off. So, at least for now, he was good. 
Jason damn near groaned when he found Haley standing outside his door, wearing a cute pair of cut-off jean shorts and a tank top. Her hair was pulled back into a messy, loose bun and some of the strands had escaped, teasing her nape. It didn’t hurt that those glasses of hers made her look like a sexy little bookworm.
Haley smiled sweetly when she saw him. “I am so glad you’re here!” 
He couldn’t bite back the smile from that declaration. Maybe it was time to forgive her. It had been pretty funny after all and those cookies had been so damn good, not to mention that smile she was giving him made him happy.
“Brad, do you think you could give me a hand? I could really use a man’s help for a few minutes,” Haley announced, making his jaw drop.
“I’m right here if you need a man!” Jason snapped when he heard Brad struggle to bite back a snort of laughter, the bastard!
Haley blinked and then, blinked again. “Oh, sorry, I didn’t think of you. I need a guy with muscle and you...” she said, letting her voice trail off while she looked him over and then shrugged. “Well, you know,” she said innocently.
“Know what?” Jason demanded.
She ignored him and focused back on Brad. “Do you think you could give me a hand? I’m having company over and I can’t get the grill out by myself. It’s kind of heavy.”
Brad chuckled as he came to the door. “Sure. I was on my way home, but I can give you a hand since there’s no one around here strong enough to help you,” he said, sounding amused.
“The hell you will!” Jason snapped as he grabbed Haley’s arm and practically dragged her back to her house. Haley threw Brad a wink over her shoulder, making him chuckle as he strolled to his car while Jason gave her a lecture on his manliness and something about her being a bad grasshopper, whatever the hell that meant. 
He looked back over his shoulder in time to catch Jason giving Haley’s ass an appreciative look without breaking from his lecture. His buddy might not know it yet, but he’d met his match in that little lady. If any woman could bring Jason to his knees, it was Haley.
*-*-*-*
“That’s not enough,” Jason said, sighing heavily as Haley tried to put the hamburger patties and hot dogs back in the freezer.
“There are only three of us. How much food do you think we’ll need?” Haley asked as she tried to sidestep him to put the food away, but Jason swiped the packages from her.
“What the hell?” 
He shrugged. “I’m hungry.”
“You’re not invited.”
“Since when do I need an invitation?” he asked as he doubled the amount of hot dogs on the plate.
“Three weeks and we already have a set history? For five years, I contemplated manslaughter.”
He shrugged.
She growled. 
He smiled, making her knees tremble. Damn him.
“Tell me who’s coming? It can’t be any of your friends because you wouldn’t care if I was here since they all think I’m a prick and you get a kick out of watching them bitch me out.”
 She sighed dreamily. “It entertains me so.”
“As it should. I’m a very entertaining guy,” Jason said with a smile as he stole a forkful of the potato salad she’d made yesterday. She’d considered bringing it with her today, but she knew how well it would have been received and decided to leave it at home.
“Damn, that’s good, woman,” Jason practically growled.
“I’m glad you like it,” Haley said casually, but in truth, it was really nice to have someone to cook for. Her friends were constantly on diets and glared at her whenever she offered them baked goods. It seemed that Jason hadn’t found a food that he didn’t like. She really was surprised that he wasn’t fat. 
“So?”
“So what?”
“So, tell me why you stayed less than an hour at a barbeque only to come home to have one of your own? Food suck or something?” he asked while sneaking another bite of potato salad before she returned it to the fridge. “Or was there a family smackdown?”
“It’s complicated,” she finally said.
“What’s so complicated about a family barbeque?”
“Just drop it. My grandmother is coming here with her helper. Actually, she should be here by now, but knowing her, she probably stopped at the grocery store to buy all her favorites.”
His brows arched at that. “Your grandmother’s coming here? I didn’t think any of your family ever came to visit you.”
She gave him a sly smile. “Been spying on me, have you?”
“I’ve picked up on a few things over the years,” Jason said, shooting her a wink.
“Well, my grandmother comes here several times a year. I usually invite her when I know that you’ll be out of town.”
“Afraid I’ll embarrass you?” he asked teasingly.
“Nope. Afraid she might kill you.”
“Puhlease, she’ll love me. Every woman loves and wants me,” Jason said, nodding sincerely.
“I’m glad to see that you’re so humble,” Haley said, chuckling.
“That, I am,” Jason said as Haley began to load his arms with plates of food to take out to the grill. “So, you mentioned inviting her over. I’m guessing the two of you are close.”
“I am. She raised me off and on until I was ten and then took over full time,” Haley said, opening the screen door for him. “Anyway, I decided to cut my visit to my parents’ house short today.” 
“Why?”
“Because I told her to. That’s why,” a woman’s crisp voice answered.
Jason looked up to see an elderly woman in a wheelchair being pushed towards them by a wiry man with thinning gray hair. By the looks of the man, he was Haley’s grandmother’s helper.
“Are you my Haley’s boyfriend?”
*-*-*-*
Haley felt her face burn as she waited for the earth to open up beneath her and drag her under. Prayed for it was more like it. 
“No, Grandma, he’s not my boyfriend. He’s my friend from next door,” Haley quickly explained, hoping that would be the end of it.
Grandma’s eyes narrowed on Jason. Haley was about to tell her grandmother to cut it out. That look had sent many friends and boyfriends running, but to her complete surprise, Jason didn’t cower.
He reached over and shook her hand. “My name is Jason Bradford. I’m the neighbor from hell.”
Grandma’s lips twitched. She looked over at her companion. “Chris, be a dear and go get the items we picked up.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Chris said, leaving Grandma alone with them. He sent Haley a warm smile before he hurried off. No doubt, he was expecting Grandma to tear into Jason. Hell, that’s exactly what she was waiting for.
“You also work with my granddaughter, Mr. Bradford. Isn’t that correct?”
Without asking, Jason pushed Grandma to the small patio table and locked the wheels for her. “Yes, I make her life a living hell there as well.”
“You sound proud,” Grandma noted.
Jason walked over to the grill and started placing the meat on it. “I am,” he said, smiling.
Grandma did something she’d only heard when it was just the two of them. She laughed. It was soft and musical and immediately brought back memories of a happy childhood to mind, making Haley smile. Jason caught her eye and winked.
“I like you,” Grandma announced.
“Thank you, Mrs.–”
“You may call me Grandma,” she said in a tone that let him know that she would not tolerate being called anything else.
Haley sat there, stunned. She was the only one allowed to call her Grandma. The rest of her grandchildren called her Grandmother once they’d started to take after their parents. 
“Okay, Grandma, it is,” Jason said with an easy smile. Wow, the man really did have a way with women, Haley thought. 
The sliding patio doors opened, drawing their attention just as Chris stepped outside from the kitchen where he’d probably just put away an insane amount of groceries that had nothing to do with a barbeque. It was one of Grandma’s sneakier ways of helping her out since Haley refused to accept financial help from her family. Grandma was always looking for ways to help her whether she wanted the help or not.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, ma’am, but it seems that some of the guests from the last barbeque followed us here,” Chris said softly.
“Who is it?” Haley asked, unable to help but frown as she tried to figure out how many burgers she should add to the grill. Not that they’d eat anything she made, she thought, biting back a sigh. 
“Your cousins, a few aunts, and I believe both of your sisters came as well, Miss Haley,” Chris said.
Grandma waved a dismissive hand toward the front of the house. “Well, they can leave because there isn’t enough food,” she said even though she hadn’t looked at the grill.
“I can grab more food on if you want,” Jason offered.
“That won’t be necessary,” Grandma said, shaking her head.
Chris cleared his throat. “They’re rather insistent about joining, ma’am.”
“Tell them to go away or I’ll write them out of my will in the morning,” Grandma said firmly.
Chris hid his smile as he turned around to do just that.
Jason gave them all a curious look before shrugging it off. Apparently, he really didn’t care enough to be bothered, which was a good thing for her. She’d earned her way in life and didn’t want anyone thinking any differently. All of her friends knew that she came from money and none of them cared. She was just Haley to them and she planned to keep it that way.
“What did you think of your father’s birthday gift, Haley?” Grandma asked.
Jason frowned. “I missed your birthday?”
“It was months ago,” Haley said with a shrug.
“And he just remembered today?” Jason asked, frowning.
“It’s no big deal,” Haley said, giving him a tight smile.
Jason scoffed. “If you say so.”
“I do.”
“Fine.”
“Fine.”
“Ah, children? If I may interrupt? Haley, have you looked at your gift?” Grandma asked.
“Not yet.” There was no rush since she already knew what she would find inside the card, twenty-five one-hundred-dollar bills for the twenty-fifth birthday.
“Well, go get it,” Grandma said, gesturing for her to move her butt.
With a sigh, Haley went inside, rolling her eyes at the overfilled bags of groceries that covered her kitchen counters and table, and retrieved the envelope from her purse. She carried it outside and sat down.
“Well, open it!” Grandma said with a pointed look at the card.
“Why are you so eager for me to see this gift?” Haley asked, narrowing her eyes on her grandmother.
“Because I’m the one that suggested your gift,” Grandma said with a dismissive wave of her hand.
Haley bit her lip so that she wouldn’t cry. Not only had her father forgotten her birthday, but Grandma had to be the one to finally remind him and was most likely responsible for whatever was inside.
She opened the card and wasn’t all that surprised to see the card wasn’t signed, which wasn’t exactly a surprise since he never bothered signing her cards. Her eyes shifted to her gift and froze there. It was a full minute before she began breathing again. In another ten seconds, Haley was up and around the table, hugging her grandmother and kissing her.
“You are the best, ever!” Haley said between kisses.
Grandma laughed. “I’m glad you like it. I wanted to give those to you but you’re so damn stubborn, so I used your father’s stupidity. Now you have to accept them,” Grandma said with a firm nod, making Haley smile.
*-*-*-*
Jason stood up and flipped the burgers before he added the hot dogs. He turned back in time to see Haley jumping up and down and giggling like a schoolgirl.
“Well, don’t leave me in suspense,” he said, earning a loud squeal from Haley.
Apparently, she was beyond words, so she pushed the card in his hands. He looked down, blinked and blinked again before stumbling back into a chair. Did he just wet himself? Ah, who cared? He was holding four tickets to the Yankees vs. Red Sox game at Yankee Stadium for this Friday and they were without a doubt the best seats in the stadium.
His eyes shifted from Haley to the tickets and back again before he made a split-second decision and made a run for it. He didn’t make it five feet before his little grasshopper tackled him to the ground and ripped the card from his hands as he was forced to spit grass out of his mouth. 
“Fine. You can come with me, I guess,” he said, making sure to sound put out only to grunt when the vicious woman kneed him in the ribs.
Chapter 7
“I love you, Derek!” 
Jason tried to drag Haley back to her seat, but she fought him every inch of the way. “I love you, Derek!”
“He knows, woman! He’s known since the first inning. Let the man focus,” Jason said, finally managing to drag her back a foot when that bastard Derek Jeter went and waved to Haley. That did it. She tried to break free and make a run for the field.
Trying not to drop her as he burst out laughing, Jason readjusted his grip and pulled Haley back with him until she was sitting on his lap. He kept one arm around her waist as he retrieved his beer.
Brad threw him another triumphant grin. For three days, Jason had taunted the man with the two extra tickets. He already knew that he was going. There’d been an unspoken understanding between him and Haley. If she’d tried to leave without him, he would have burned her house down, plain and simple. This was a Yankees/Red Sox game after all and there was no way in hell that he wasn’t going.
On the third day of taunting, the betraying bastard had his wife call Haley. Fucking tattletale. Since Haley’s friends hated anything to do with sports, she’d invited Brad and another friend of his, Mitch. Mitch was a good buddy and had an obvious crush on Haley, one that she didn’t seem to return. That was fine with Jason because Mitch wasn’t good enough for his sweet little grasshopper.
“Come on! He was safe! Get your head out of your ass and pay attention!” Haley screamed as she bounced on his lap, desperate for freedom, no doubt to rip the umpire’s head off.
Okay, Jason thought, chuckling, maybe sweet was a bit much. His little grasshopper was a little demon.
“Calm down before you get us kicked out of the stadium,” he said, laughing.
With a huff, Haley crossed her arms over her chest as she leaned back against him. “Cheating bastards,” she muttered.
“Because they’re winning?” he asked, already knowing the answer.
“Yes!” 
“Relax and I’ll buy you a foam finger,” Jason said, absently caressing her flat belly with his thumb while she thought it over. Today, she wore a tight pink tank top under an open Yankees jersey and a pair of shorts that gave him, and every guy here, a look at those golden beauties that she called legs. 
“I already have a foam finger at home,” Haley pointed out with an adorable pout.
“Then what would my little grasshopper like?” he asked, fighting back the urge to press a kiss against the back of her neck.
She glared over her shoulder at him. “I’m not going to call you Mr. Miyagi, you know.”
“Yes, you will, but that’s not important at the moment. What do you want?” Jason asked as his eyes dropped to her pouty little lips. What the hell? He pulled his gaze away in time to catch Mitch’s dirty look and Brad’s smirk. 
Haley stole his beer and took a sip. She returned it to him with a grimace. “That’s warm.”
“Well, it did take me over twenty minutes to drag you back here to prevent you from jumping the wall,” Jason pointed out.
“Whatever, you’re just messing with fate,” Haley said as she moved to stand up. He reluctantly let her go, but he was ready to pounce and drag her back if needed. Judging by the looks the security guards around them were sending them, they were ready as well. Damn, his little grasshopper was making him proud. 
“Where are you going?” Jason asked, wanting her to sit back down. 
He’d been comfortable damn it!
Haley rolled her eyes. “I’m not going to start a riot. I have to use the bathroom and I need a cold drink.”
“Oh,” Jason said, sighing heavily as he moved to stand up the same time Mitch did. Jason shot Mitch a glare, but the man ignored him and jumped to his feet. 
“Want some company?” Mitch asked, giving Haley his best smile.
Haley laughed softly. “No, I’ll be fine.”
Mitch reluctantly sat down. The two of them watched her walk away as Brad sat there smugly. They sat there in silence for a few minutes before Jason spoke.
“Don’t even think about it,” he said firmly.
Mitch snorted. “Just because you think you own Haley doesn’t mean that you speak for her.”
Jason took a sip of his drink, nodding slowly before he placed his cup on his knee. “How about this then? I know you and there is no way in hell that I’m letting an asshole like you near her.”
“So, let me get this straight. I’m good enough to be your friend, but not good enough to go out with Haley?”
“Exactly. Glad we’re on the same page.”
“Why is that exactly? You don’t like the idea of some other guy swooping in and getting her first?”
“Because you sleep around, don’t care about any of the women you fuck, and you treat them all like shit. I’m not letting you do that to Haley. She deserves a nice guy,” Jason informed him with a look that told him that he wasn’t kidding.
“Oh, like you?” Mitch snorted. “You treat women worse than I do.”
Jason barely held back his temper. “No, not me. I’m not interested in her like that. She’s a friend, nothing more.”
“Yeah, okay. Keep telling yourself that, buddy. Anyone with two working eyes can tell that you’re getting ready to pounce.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it. If I wanted her, I would have had her by now,” Jason said through clenched teeth. 
“Yeah, whatever,” Mitch mumbled. “She’s a grown woman. If she wants to go out with me, she can. You have no say in the matter.”
“We’ll see,” he said, knowing if Mitch tried anything that he’d beat the shit out of him.
“See what?” Haley asked as she squeezed into the small aisle, juggling her beer and a tray full of food in her arms.
“If the Yankees can get this game back under control,” Jason said smoothly.
“They will,” Haley said firmly. Jason had a funny feeling that if they didn’t, she would go beat the shit out of someone. 
When she sat down next to him, he placed his piss-warm beer on the floor and grabbed hers while she settled the tray on her lap. He took a sip of her cold beer while she took a bite of her hot dog topped with sauerkraut. She closed her eyes as she savored the treat.
“That is really good,” she nearly groaned in delight.
“Give me a bite,” Jason murmured, watching her lips as she savored the treat. 
Haley nodded absently while she watched the game. She held out the hot dog for him. He took a big bite. While he chewed, he sat back and couldn’t stop smiling when Mitch frowned at him. For the next ten minutes, he held the beer for her to sip while she held food for him. 
Jason wasn’t even sure if she realized what they were doing. Her focus seemed to be on the game. When their cup was empty, he put it down and turned to find another beer vendor.
“Oh, shit!” Brad yelled as he jumped to his feet the same time Mitch did.
Jason turned in time to see Haley jump to her feet and then jump onto her seat, holding her hands out as she mumbled, “Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!” He jumped to his feet the same moment as something white slammed into Haley’s hands. She held onto the thing for dear life as she lost her footing from the impact of the ball as several men tried to grab it from her. 
Before he could push the bastards away from her, Haley was jumping up and down on her seat while hugging the ball against her chest. Her smile was intoxicating when she looked down at him and proudly showed him the ball.
“Look!”
He placed his hands together in front of him and bowed. “Very good, grasshopper,” he said, straightening in time to catch her in his arms. He whirled her around as she hugged him.
“I can’t believe I caught it!” 
“You did great!” Jason said, kissing her cheek. The action was so sudden that it startled him. He carefully placed a very happy Haley on the ground. Still grinning hugely, she sat down with a satisfied sigh while he sat down next to her, trying not to think about just how badly he wanted to pull her back into his arms.
After a few minutes, Haley said his name tightly.
“Yeah?” Jason said, glancing over to find Haley staring straight ahead, worrying her lip between her teeth and-
“I think I broke my hand.” 
*-*-*-*
“Are you sure that you don’t want to go with us?” Mitch asked, giving her a puppy dog expression. 
Haley forced herself to smile. She liked Mitch, but she didn’t see it going any further than friendship. Unfortunately, Mitch had become rather persistent over the past week and it was getting kind of annoying.
She held up her icepack encased hand. “Thank you, but I think I’m going to go relax. You guys go have fun. Hit the clubs or bars or whatever you guys do. No doubt Jason’s going to want to hit the all-male review.”
While the other men laughed, Jason stuck his tongue out at her as Haley glanced at the front desk. “Ah, guys, did you remember to check in earlier?”
“We have the room reserved on a credit card. It will be there by the time we get back,” Jason said, shrugging if off.
Haley didn’t think it would be since hotels had a tendency to give rooms away when you didn’t show up on time and since it was now nine o’clock at night, she doubted that the room the guys reserved was still available. She opened her mouth to tell them that, but decided against it since they really didn’t seem to care.
“Have fun, guys,” Haley said before making her way to the elevator and damn near groaned when Mitch moved to join her.
“Haley, wait up!” 
“What’s up?” she asked, forcing a warm smile for the man that had spent the day doing his best trying to charm her into going out with him. 
“I was going to ask if you wanted company,” Mitch said with a charming smile that probably worked on most everything female.
Her eyes shot past him in time to see Brad grab Jason by the arm and hold him back. What the hell was that about? Haley wondered as she gave herself a mental shake and focused on Mitch as she stepped onto the elevator.
“That’s really sweet, but I’ll be fine. I’m just going to watch a movie and go to bed. I’ll see you tomorrow,” Haley said, relieved when the elevator doors slid closed before he could push her for more. She might not have the best track record when it came to dating, but she could spot the guys that were just looking to get laid and Mitch definitely wasn’t looking for anything more than sex. 
A few minutes later, Haley was closing her hotel room door behind her and hoping that she remembered to pack her Advil. God, her hand was killing her, she thought as she searched through her bags. When she didn’t find any Advil, she called room service for something to help with the pain and decided to order a large ice cream sundae while she was at it.
Twenty minutes later, Haley was sitting in a bubble bath while eating a decadent hot fudge sundae and thinking about Jason and just how good it felt to have his arms around her. When she realized where her mind was going, she reminded herself that they were just friends and forced herself to stop thinking about him. 
Nothing was ever going to happen. 
Jason was a really good friend and she wouldn’t ruin that for anything in the world. Friendship was one of the things that she valued most in the world and she wouldn’t risk losing him over something that probably wouldn’t last. It wasn’t worth it. 
Besides, he was probably with a woman right now, Haley told herself only to end up deciding that she didn’t want any more ice cream when the thought of him with another woman turned her stomach. She placed her half-eaten sundae on the floor and groaned. Sometimes friendship sucked, Haley thought as she lowered herself in the water with pathetic whimper.
Chapter 8
“Come on, let’s go back. Those women were hot!” Mitch said for the hundredth time since they’d left the club.
“No,” Brad and Jason said in unison as they headed for the hotel.
“I know why Brad doesn’t want to, he’s married, but what’s your problem?” Mitch asked, sighing heavily as they headed inside. 
“I’m just not interested,” Jason said, shrugging it off. 
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Mitch demanded.
“Nothing,” Jason bit out. 
He wasn’t in the mood for this conversation or for Mitch. All night, he’d somehow resisted the urge to punch the asshole in the face. When Jason wasn’t thinking about punching Mitch, he was kicking himself for leaving Haley. He should have stayed and taken care of her. She’d brought them to a great game and they’d ditched her when she’d needed them. Plus, if he was going to be honest, he probably would have had a better time with her just sitting around a hotel room, watching a movie than going to a club and having a bunch of women rub all over him trying to get his attention.
God, there was something serious fucking wrong with him…
“There’s a problem,” Brad said as he joined them.
“What is it?” Jason asked, not really in the mood to deal with any more bullshit tonight. 
“They gave our room away since we didn’t check in on time and there are no more rooms available.”
“Shit,” Jason bit out, running his hands roughly down his face.
“Yup,” Brad said with a nod and a heavy sigh as Jason dropped his hands away.
“I guess that’s it then,” Mitch said, shrugging it off as he turned around and headed back the way they came. 
“Where the hell are you going?” Jason asked, watching as Mitch shoved the door open.
Mitch stopped and gave him a “duh” look. “We don’t have a room. I’m going back to that club to find a warm body and a bed for the night,” he announced with another shrug, further pissing Jason off.
That son of a bitch. 
He’d been trying to get between Haley’s legs for the past week and now he was trying to get laid just for a bed. There was no doubt in his mind that come morning, Mitch would be back sniffing around Haley.
“Are you coming or what?” Mitch asked, waiting for them.
 “No, you go have fun. I’m going to bed,” Jason said, shaking his head in disgust.
“Whatever,” Mitch muttered as he headed out.
“Let’s go beg for mercy,” Jason said, sighing heavily.
Looking really fucking relieved, Brad gestured for him to lead the way. When they reached Haley’s hotel room door, they knocked only to have to knock again a few minutes later when there was no answer. Finally, the door opened, revealing an exhausted-looking Haley.
“What is it?” she asked around a yawn.
“They gave away our room,” Jason said with a pout.
She rolled her eyes. “Well duh, you didn’t check in this afternoon.”
“You don’t have to rub it in,” he muttered, sending her his best pout, hoping that she’d take pity on them.
“That’s not me rubbing it in, trust me. If I was rubbing it in your face, I would give you an evil little laugh before slamming the door shut in your face.”
“Good point,” Jason said, wincing while hoping that she didn’t do just that. He was exhausted and really didn’t feel like fighting with Brad over the backseat of his car.
“So, what do you want?” she asked, blinking up at him.
“Mercy?”
She rolled her eyes. “You want to sleep here? There isn’t enough room for all four of us.”
Obviously, she hadn’t noticed Mitch’s absence. 
“Mitch went somewhere else for the night. It’s just me and Brad.”
Something in her expression shifted, making him frown. Was she upset that Mitch wasn’t here? The idea pissed him off more than he wanted to admit.
“Alright, guys. Come on in,” she mumbled as she made her way back to the first bed. Jason took the time to note the cute little tank top and matching cotton shorts that hugged her round backside rather nicely.
She climbed onto the first bed and flopped down beneath the covers. Obviously, she was all set to go back to sleep and wasn’t giving them a second thought.
“Ah, Haley?” Brad said hesitantly.
“What? Please tell me that you two don’t need me to brush your teeth and tuck you in,” she mumbled into the pillow.
“Ah, no,” Brad said, smiling. “Is it alright if I sleep in my boxers? I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
She regally waved a hand in his direction. “Knock yourself out.”
“Okay, goodnight,” Brad said, heading for the bathroom. 
Jason looked around the room, noting that there were only two beds and a small chair by the window and shrugged. He yanked off his shirt, pants, and shoes and began to climb in bed with Haley.
Her hand came up in a stopping motion. “Hold up there, buddy,” she said, turning over to face him. She pointed to the other bed. “Have a good night.”
Jason frowned at the suggestion. “You can’t expect us to sleep together.”
“Yup.”
“Nope,” he said, climbing the rest of the way onto the bed quickly and flopping onto his stomach. She pushed him, well, tried to anyway. He did outweigh her, after all.
“Out.”
“No.”
“You’re not sleeping in the same bed as me.”
“Yes, I am. Unless you’re planning on sleeping with Brad and I don’t think you want to do that. His wife will kick your ass.”
She groaned. 
He smiled.
“Look, I’ll stay on my side and you stay on your side. We’ll both sleep. Problem solved.”
“No way.”
“Afraid that you won’t be able to keep your hands off of me?” he teased.
Haley rolled her eyes and dropped back onto the pillow. “Fine, but just so you know, anything that comes over this way will be chopped off.”
“Duly noted,” he said, snuggling under the covers.
“Oh, and if you snore, I’ll kill you in your sleep,” she mumbled.
“Ditto.”
*-*-*-*
“Ah, guys?” Brad said.
Haley buried her face deeper into the warmth while she tried to block out Brad and the sunlight streaming into the room.
“Go. Away,” she muttered.
“I’m hungry. Let’s go grab some breakfast,” Brad said a little louder this time, earning a groan from her cushion of warmth.
“Fuck off. We’re sleeping,” Jason mumbled as he pulled Haley closer. Surprisingly she went willingly. Her head rested on his chest just under his chin, her arm laid across his stomach, and one leg was thrown over one of his.
She felt so good in his arms. He’d never held a woman like this, never cuddled with one never mind spent the entire night in her bed. Normally, when a woman tried to cuddle, he felt cornered. With Haley, he felt comfortable, relaxed, and even happy. She felt like she belonged with him. He wasn’t about to look too far into that at the moment.
“If you weren’t the best mattress ever, I would totally kick your ass for moving onto my side,” Haley mumbled against his chest.
“Actually, you’re both in the middle,” Brad pointed out.
“Why is he still here? Sleepy,” Haley grumbled adorably.
Closing his eyes, he waved his hand towards the door. “Go eat with Mitch or something. We’ll be up in a little while.”
Brad sighed unhappily. “Fine.”
A moment later, the door was closed and they both drifted back into a beautiful deep sleep.
*-*-*-*
“Stupid pillow,” Haley muttered, trying to punch her once comfy pillow into submission.
Last night had been the worst night of sleep that she’d ever had. She’d spent the entire night tossing and turning, trying to get comfortable only to finally fall into a restless sleep around five this morning. Now it looked like she was in for a repeat performance. 
She looked over at the alarm clock and groaned. It was nearly two in the morning. She buried her face into her pillow and screamed. This sucked! She was so tired. All day, she’d kept herself busy with grading tests and homework and even cleaned her house, thinking that by the time she went to bed that she’d be exhausted enough to fall asleep.
It looked like that plan was failing miserably. 
“So tired…” she mumbled pathetically.
Damn Jason. Somehow, he’d wrecked sleep for her. She’d never slept in the same bed with a guy before. Sure, she’d cuddled with a few boyfriends in front of the television after a heavy make-out session, but it always felt awkward. With Jason, it felt so good. He was a thousand times more comfortable than her bed and down comforter. 
How was she supposed to get comfortable on a pillow-top mattress after sleeping in his arms? She couldn’t. There was no way she was going to be able to manage work tomorrow on less than two hours of sleep in forty-eight hours, but she couldn’t call in because they were preparing for finals.
“Move over,” Jason said, startling her.
She jumped up, clutching her chest and trying to catch her breath as she watched Jason push her window screen open and climb into her room. He closed the screen behind him and lay down on her bed.
Still gasping, she sucked in a breath and asked, “What the hell is wrong with you? You just scared the hell out of me!”
“Look, woman, I don’t know what you did, but I haven’t been able to sleep since we got back from New York. I’m tired and bitchy and all I want is some sleep so cuddle your ass up with me or so help me, I will kill you!” Jason snapped. 
“Wow, you are bitchy,” she mumbled.
“It’s your fault.”
“Whatever.”
“Let’s go,” he said, holding out his arms expectantly. When she hesitated, he wiggled his fingers. “You know you want to.”
“Just for tonight,” she clarified.
He nodded quickly. “Just for tonight. Come on, I’m cranky.”
“I hadn’t noticed,” she said dryly, but she did as she was asked. She was too exhausted to do anything else at the moment.
It didn’t take long for the beating of Jason’s heart to lull her into a deep and peaceful sleep. 
The alarm went off, waking Haley from a deep sleep. Instead of feeling jumpy and attacking the alarm clock after only getting five hours of sleep, she felt oddly well-rested. 
Jason yawned as he sat up and shut off the alarm. He rubbed his eyes and turned around to push the screen up.
“I’ll see you at work,” he mumbled around another yawn.
“This was a onetime deal,” Haley said, more to remind herself than him. She could quickly become addicted to his body and that wasn’t a good idea with a guy like Jason.
He gave her one of his lopsided smiles. “Of course, it was just a onetime deal.” 
Chapter 9
Monday Night
10:35 P.M.
Haley rolled onto her side, facing the wall and wondering if she should just suck up her pride and go ask Jason to sleep with her. Did that make her a sleep slut? At this point, she was willing to beg for it. Just as she feared, she was addicted to Jason’s body. Thank God they’d never had sex. She’d hate to think how bad the addiction would be then.
She felt the bed dip behind her seconds before a strong arm curled around her waist, pulling her back against a strong warm body. Jason’s inviting scent enveloped her as strongly as his body did. Her bottom pressed back against him. He was hard again, but he didn’t make any move on her. It was just his body’s reaction to being pressed against a female. Just like her body was reacting to being held by a strong man. Neither cared enough to comment or act on it. In a matter of minutes, they were both fast asleep.
Tuesday Night
11:30 P.M.
“That was a really great dinner. Thank you,” Jill, Brad’s wife, said.
Brad stole another brownie off the plate and groaned while he nodded his head in agreement. He reached for another brownie only to find the plate gone and Jason glaring at him.
“Brownie thieving bastard,” he muttered as he stalked off to Haley’s kitchen.
The three of them watched as Jason placed the brownies in a large Ziploc bag that he no doubt planned on taking with him to work in the morning. Halfway through transferring the brownies to the bag, he looked over his shoulder to glare at Brad and mouthed the words, “Thieving bastard,” before returning to the task at hand.
“Anyway,” Haley said, drawing Brad and Jill’s attention away from Jason’s rather disturbing affection for her baked goods. “It was nice to have you guys over.”
“Thank you for having us. You’re coming over next week, right?” Jill asked as she frowned at her husband, who held up the last bite of brownie but didn’t eat it. His eyes were locked on Jason.
Both women watched as Jason turned around. Brad made a huge show of putting the brownie in his mouth. He closed his eyes as if it was the best thing he’d ever eaten and moaned. 
“That was a damn good brownie,” Brad finally said.
“You betraying bastard!” Jason gasped.
“I’ll bring you an entire pan of brownies next week, Brad,” Haley said, knowing it would take the glare away from Brad.
“Traitor,” Jason mumbled as he lovingly stroked the bag of brownies.
“It’s so not right that he isn’t fat,” Jill said, and Haley had to nod in agreement. 
Jason had put away three helpings of lasagna tonight, a salad, and a ton of garlic bread, not to mention about a dozen brownies and cookies. With her one helping of lasagna and two brownies, she was probably going to gain five pounds. Sometimes life really wasn’t fair. 
They said their goodnights and walked Brad and Jill out the door. She shut the kitchen light off, knowing that Jason would shut off the living room light for her. Still, neither spoke of the sleeping arrangements and she didn’t know how to bring it up. So instead, she quietly said goodnight, rolled her eyes when Jason mumbled, “I love you,” to his brownies and headed to her bathroom. 
After a quick shower, she pulled on a small tee-shirt and panties. Yawning, she walked into her room and wasn’t surprised to find Jason on his stomach, wearing nothing but his boxers, in the middle of her bed. She flicked off the lights and crawled in bed. She laid her face on his shoulder while her hand rested on his other shoulder and her leg entwined with his. In a matter of seconds, she felt Jason relax and drift off to sleep. 
Wednesday Night
10:45 P.M.
Jason was exhausted as he pulled into his driveway. He waited until Haley pulled into her driveway before getting out. It had been a very long day and judging by the adorable little whimper Haley made as she climbed out of her car, she was feeling it as well.
“I am so tired,” she mumbled pathetically.
 “That was a parent-teacher meeting for the records,” he muttered around a yawn.
“Too damn much drama. Who knew that parents of spoiled rich kids who were failing could act like that? I had one woman sobbing hysterically because her son got a B instead of an A.”
He chuckled. “I was offered a blowjob to turn a D into an A.”
Haley’s face squished up adorably. “You had a woman offer you a blowjob during parent-teacher night?”
Chuckling, Jason shook his head. “Nope. Seems the guy is desperate to get his son into Harvard.”
She laughed softly as she headed towards her house with a rueful shake of her head and a mumbled, “I’m off to bed. Goodnight.”
“Me, too. Goodnight,” he returned as they walked along the small patch of grass between their properties. Just before she veered off to the right, he put his arm around her shoulders and steered her towards his house. 
For the last three nights, they’d slept at her house. It wasn’t that he missed his bed. He just wanted to see if the bed made the difference or if it was Haley. Plus, he’d been imagining her in his bed all day. Whenever his thoughts turned sexual, he forced his mind out of the gutter. It was becoming more and more difficult as time went by.
He’d made himself a promise today. He would get her into his bed and if he didn’t sleep as well as he had in her bed, then he would go out and buy a bed matching hers and the problem would be solved. If he still slept like a baby with her then…
Well, he didn’t really want to think about that just yet. He was pretty sure part of the problem was sex. 
Maybe he should get laid and then see if he slept as well with Haley in his arms. Part of him was scared that it wouldn’t make a damn bit of difference what he did. Haley was quickly becoming his world and for some strange reason, that was fine with him, hence the reason he was scared shitless.
They didn’t say anything as they walked into his house. He could tell she was nervous. Hell, he was nervous. He’d never had a woman in his bed before. It didn’t matter that there wouldn’t be any sex involved. This was a big step for him. He didn’t even know if he could tolerate having Haley in his bed. Every time the panic started to surface, he shoved it back down. He already knew that if he couldn’t handle it that he could make up some excuse and they’d go back to her bed. With that in mind, he led her into his room.
Still, neither spoke as he handed her one of his favorite tee-shirts. She gave him a shy smile and disappeared into his bathroom. He pulled his shoes off and waited for her to come out. He heard his shower turn on and he gritted his teeth as a wave of lust poured over him. 
He frowned down at the rather uncomfortable tent in his pants. “Stop causing problems.” It didn’t listen, of course. It never did where Haley was concerned. He kept telling himself that eventually his body would come to accept that Haley was just a friend.
“All yours,” Haley said softly as she stepped out of the bathroom ten minutes later wearing his tee-shirt. The hem of the shirt ended just above the knee, giving the illusion that she wasn’t wearing anything underneath. He swallowed. 
Hard.
He nodded woodenly as he walked past her to the bathroom, where he proceeded to take an ice-cold shower. As he was drying off, he spotted her glasses folded on his sink counter. He picked them up and smiled as he put them back. They looked like they belonged there.
The bedroom light was already out by the time he’d stepped out of the bathroom. Light streaming in from the street illuminated Haley. She laid on her back on the right side of the bed. He walked over to her side of the bed and raised the covers. Without a word, he climbed onto the bed and slowly laid down on top of her so that his lower stomach rested between her legs, keeping his errant erection away from her as best he could. She opened her legs wider to cradle him.
Jason laid his head between her breasts and closed his eyes, releasing a sigh of pleasure. She felt so good, so right. After a slight hesitation, he felt her move. He wasn’t sure if she was about to shove him off or hit him. He was taking liberties in their sleeping arrangement, but he couldn’t help it. He needed her so badly.
Instead of shoving him away, she wrapped one arm around his shoulders while she gently ran her fingers through his hair. That’s how he fell asleep, in the cradle of the woman he trusted and cared about most in the world. It was absolutely perfect.
Chapter 10
“No! I’m not going and you can’t make me!” Haley said as she tightened her grip around the edge of the kitchen sink. 
“Haley–”
“I’m not going!”
Jason tried not to smile as he placed his hand on Haley’s round bottom but failed miserably. 
She went completely still.
“What the hell are you doing?” she demanded as she tried to shift away from his hand.
“If you don’t let go of the sink and get your ass in the car in thirty seconds you’ll leave me with no choice but to spank you,” Jason said, probably enjoying having his hand on her ass more than he should, but clearly, she’d left him with no choice in the matter.
Sure, he could have easily picked her up and thrown her over his shoulder, but where was the fun in that? 
“You wouldn’t,” she said through clenched teeth, glaring over her shoulder at him.
He squeezed her ass.
She gasped, jumping away from him and ran towards the front door. “Bastard!” she yelled over her shoulder before throwing the door open and leaving.
Jason followed her at a leisurely pace, whistling happily, half hoping that she’d refuse to go a half dozen more times before he got her in the car. He stepped out of her house, locking the door behind him, and nearly groaned in disappointment when he spotted her waiting for him in his car. 
 Damn.
 There went his plans for her ass.
He climbed into the driver’s side and sent her a huge grin, knowing that it would piss her off. Her eyes narrowed on him before she looked away, mumbling all sorts of unpleasant things about his manhood that he simply chose to ignore.
“You’ll pay for this,” she promised.
“Haley–”
“Rot in hell, you betraying bastard!” she hissed.
He couldn’t help but chuckle. “It’s just a family dinner. I really don’t understand why that has my little grasshopper all riled up.”
“I. Hate. You,” Haley bit out.
“You love me,” he said, turning on the radio.
“Hate. I hate you.”
“Uh-huh,” he said absently, searching for her favorite radio station, hoping it would calm the little demon down.
Haley had been on edge since this morning when her grandmother called to ask him to join her family for dinner tonight. He wasn’t sure if she was pissed because her grandmother called him before her or what. All he knew was that when she’d overheard her grandmother asking him to join them at dinner tonight, she’d gone a little insane.
It hadn’t mattered that they’d been standing in line at the bakery. Haley tried to snatch the phone out of his hand. He’d been too surprised, and admittedly laughing his ass off when she tried to take him to the ground, to give it much thought. Of course, it did surprise him that her grandmother wasn’t shocked to hear her granddaughter scream all sorts of threats of violence to him. 
Jason really didn’t know what the hell was going on, but he liked Haley’s grandmother and didn’t want to disappoint her by saying no. So, he’d accepted the invitation and tried not to wince when Haley kicked his shin.
From that moment on, she’d been royally pissed at him. She’d ordered the last four apple fritters, knowing that he looked forward to his apple fritters every Friday and didn’t offer him one. Even worse, she gave away his delicious treats during the morning meeting. He’d spent the entire meeting glaring at the bastards eating his fritters.
It only got worse after that. 
During their lunch break, not only had she refused to eat with him, but she’d somehow managed to steal his lunch, toss it in the trash and made sure there were no delectable treats in the staff refrigerator for him to steal. When he went to buy lunch in the student cafeteria, he’d discovered another lovely surprise. 
She’d somehow lifted his wallet.
By the end of the day, he’d been so pissed and hungry that he decided she was damn well going tonight, whether she wanted to or not. When he got home, he hadn’t been all that surprised to discover that Haley had barricaded herself in her room. That was more than fine with him, because it gave him plenty of time to recoup his strength. After devouring everything in her fridge, he broke into her room.
She’d put up a good fight, but he’d eventually managed to drag her into the living room where she pretended to hurt her ankle. When he’d released her to make sure that she was okay, she’d shoved him, knocking him flat on his ass, and took off for the backdoor. She made it as far as the kitchen sink before he was on top of her. 
“Are you still mad at me?” Jason asked as he turned into the parking lot of Harrington’s, the five-star restaurant that her family was dining at tonight. He was glad he’d finally found his wallet during their little wrestling match since this meal was most likely going to give his credit card a workout.
Haley sighed heavily, shifting to look at him. “No, I just don’t want to do this.”
“Really? I couldn’t tell,” he said dryly.
“I’m really sorry,” she said as he pulled up behind a line of luxury cars. 
He shrugged, thinking that she was apologizing for starving him. That reminded him that they were going to have to stop by the grocery store after this to refill her fridge otherwise, she might be pissed to discover that he’d left her with only three eggs, a jar of olives and some expired girly yogurt that he wouldn’t touch with a ten-foot spoon.
“I’m sorry if I hurt you,” she said, sounding serious.
He had to bite back a smile at the thought of his little grasshopper kicking his ass. “I’ll, ah,” he just barely stopped himself from laughing, “I’ll survive.”
She nodded regally. “I know. I held back.”
“And I really appreciate that.”
*-*-*-*
“You know you’re going to starve here, right? Even I have to hit the drive-thru at Burger King after coming here,” Haley pointed out desperately as Jason dragged her from the safety of the car.
Jason simply sighed, wondering if she really knew him at all. As if the prospect of eating two dinners would upset him. 
Puhlease.
“Fine,” Haley said, giving him a sly, little smile as she stood up, straightening her lavender blouse and dark skirt. “If you take me home right now,” she said in a sultry tone, reaching up to run her fingertips down his tie, “I promise that I will fulfill every single sexual fantasy that you’ve ever had and some you didn’t even know were possible.”
With a bored sigh, Jason simply grabbed her arm and gently tugged her towards the front entrance, ignoring the valets as they choked on their tongues. If he thought for one second that she was serious, he would have hauled her ass back into the car and raced to the nearest pharmacy all while he had his hand shoved up her skirt.
 Not that he really wanted to do that. 
 Much.
“B-but I’m offering you sex! Lots and lots of sex!” Haley hissed urgently as they stepped into the large foyer.
“You would have had more luck offering me meatloaf, my little grasshopper,” he informed her, catching her arm as she tried to make another escape.
Haley exhaled heavily as she pushed her glasses back up her nose. “I was going to offer that, too.” She gave him a hopeful smile. “What if we go home and I cook–”
“Too little, too late, my little grasshopper. Besides, there’s nothing in your fridge.”
She frowned up at him. “But I just went shopping the other day.”
“I got hungry,” he simply said, ignoring her adorable glare.
“You better not have touched the last piece of pumpkin pie,” she warned.
He had to laugh at that. “It was the first thing to go,” he informed her as they stepped up to the Maître D’s podium. She sent him a glare that promised all kinds of retribution. Where Jason could eat just about anything, and often did, his little grasshopper was a pumpkin pie junkie. 
“Welcome to Harrington’s. My name is Elizabeth, how can I help you?” the woman asked them both as she sent Jason an inviting look that let him know he’d be getting offered more than just the specials tonight.
He looked down at Haley, wondering if she’d caught the inviting look and wondered what she thought, not that he wanted her to be jealous or anything. He had to smile when he caught her gazing longingly at the exit sign.
“It won’t be that bad,” Jason promised her, taking her hand in his, mostly to keep her from bolting again.
“Yes, it will,” Haley mumbled pathetically.
Jason turned his attention back to the woman who was now frowning unhappily at their entwined hands.
“We’re joining the Blaine party,” he said, tightening his grip on Haley’s hand when he felt her trying to pull away.
“Right this way,” the woman said with a tight smile.
As they followed her through a richly furnished sitting room, Jason couldn’t help but wonder why Haley settled for losers when she was clearly used to so much better. He’d seen some of the losers she’d dated over the years and doubted they’d pulled out their wallet for much more than Denny’s and even then, probably only if they had a coupon.
She should be dating someone who was willing to bust his ass to show her how much she meant to him. He’d have to work on that with her, but that was for later. Right now, he had to focus on dragging her alongside him. 
*-*-*-*
“What are you doing?” Jason asked, smirking as he glanced down at her.
“Nothing,” she said quickly as she tried to discreetly shift so that Jason was blocking her from the left side.
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” Jason noted, quickening his pace, probably to annoy the hell out of her.
“It is nothing,” she bit out between clenched teeth even as she hurried to keep up with Jason again, angling a little to the right so that her entire body was blocked by Jason.
She dared a peek behind Jason’s back and nearly cried in frustration when a pair of smoky gray eyes that she was all too familiar with met hers. She sent him a polite smile and did her best to ignore the determined glare he sent her way.
“Who’s that?” Jason asked as they continued to follow the hostess through the spacious aisles and around larger tables that surrounded the small dance floor. 
“No one,” she lied. 
Tonight was going to be difficult enough. She didn’t want to get into the drama of ex-boyfriends, who still took her refusal to sleep with them as a challenge, one that Robert seemed hellbent on winning no matter how many years passed.
The man was a self-professed playboy and truly believed that he could have any woman he wanted. He hadn’t always been like that. When they’d started dating at fifteen, he’d been shy, sweet, and down to earth. It wasn’t until their senior year when his skin had cleared up and he’d inherited thirty million dollars from his grandmother that he started to change. 
He went from the sweet guy that she could watch Indiana Jones movies with to the guy screwing around on her with every bimbo he could find. When she’d confronted him about it, he’d denied it until finally he broke down and placed all the blame at her feet. They’d parted as friends, well sort of, and since then, every time he saw her, he did his best to get her in bed. Last time they ran into each other, he’d ended up ditching his fiancée two days before the wedding to pursue her.
His desperation to get her in his bed had nothing to do with love. It had to do with the fact that she was, according to him, the only woman who had ever said no to him. He’d do just about anything to get her into his bed. She really did not need this tonight. She had enough to deal with.
She was not looking forward to being embarrassed and belittled in front of Jason. Although it wouldn’t be on her top ten favorite things to do on a Friday night, Haley would have gladly come alone tonight to keep her grandmother company. She just couldn’t stomach the idea of Jason witnessing how little she really meant to her family.
“Mr. Blaine, the rest of your party has arrived,” Elizabeth said, smiling politely as she stopped in front of the large round table where Haley’s parents, sisters and their husbands sat. Haley frowned when she didn’t see her grandmother.
“Thank you,” Jason said, ignoring the inviting look the woman was sending him, surprising Haley. His disinterest in all the women who practically threw themselves at him when they were out always surprised her. He wasn’t much of a playboy after all, she absently thought as she forced a smile for her family.
“Haley, sweetheart,” her father said as he stood up. His eyes shifted to Jason before he pulled her into a hug and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. “It’s been too long. I’ve missed you.”
She just barely stopped herself from suggesting that he could pick up the telephone if he missed her so much, but she bit it back. She would not let him know that he’d hurt her when he hadn’t called like he’d promised. It was her fault for believing him since she knew better.
“This is my friend, Jason Bradford,” she said, gesturing to Jason who extended his hand to her father.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir,” Jason said, politely. 
Her father shook his hand, giving her a curious look. “It’s a pleasure to meet one of Haley’s friends.”
Haley just barely stopped herself from wincing when she realized that Jason was the first friend that she’d willingly invited to meet her family. The fact that Jason was a man was going to be a problem, especially if they thought they were dating.
“Dad?” Haley said, drawing his attention before he sat down.
“Yes, dear?” he asked, throwing Jason another curious look.
“Where’s Grandma?”
He frowned at her. “Didn’t she call you?”
“No, why?” she asked, already having a bad feeling where this was going.
“She called earlier to say that you and your friend,” he said, giving Jason another one of those curious looks that Haley knew all too well, “were going to join us tonight, but that she remembered that she already had plans for this evening.”
Haley just bet she did.
Chapter 11
“Jason, this is my sister Rose,” Haley said, gesturing to the woman with her hair pulled back into a severely tight bun that looked like it hurt. She daintily offered her hand to him. 
He took it gently, not because he was honored or overwhelmed to make her acquaintance, no, he was simply afraid of breaking her long thin hand. As discreetly as he could, he quickly looked over the other two women in the group and quickly noted that all three of them were tall, way too fucking skinny, and flatter than a ten-year-old boy. Although they were attractive women in their own right, they didn’t have a thing on his little grasshopper.
A few minutes later, when he met Haley’s other sister Martha as well as both women’s husbands, John and Edward, he was introduced to Haley’s mother, who looked upset. It took him a minute to realize that she was trying to smile. 
Botox.
He should have known, Jason thought as he reached over and shook the woman’s hand just as gently as he had her daughters’ hands. He’d come across this expression countless times during parent-teacher conferences in the past. 
As he sat down next to Haley, who was fuming adorably, he couldn’t help but notice that John’s eyes landed on the ass of a waitress and stayed there as the woman moved around the table next to them. Rose seemed oblivious as she frowned in Haley’s direction. Jason’s eyes shifted to the other two women to find them doing the same thing. Her father was glaring in his direction, which was understandable, and Edward was sipping his wine while he stared at Haley’s breasts. Haley seemed to be oblivious to her brother-in-law’s perusal of her breasts as she toyed with a dinner roll.
“Sweetie,” her sister, Rose, whispered, drawing everyone’s attention, “do you really think you should be eating that?” She looked pointedly at the roll Haley was fidgeting with.
At Jason’s confused frown, Haley mouthed, “Carbs.”
Haley muttered something softly as she placed her roll on his plate. She thought Haley needed to go on a diet? Jason couldn’t help but run his eyes over Haley’s small curvy figure, lingering on all his favorite places. Not that he really needed to since he knew for a fact that Haley’s stomach was flat. But damn it if carbs were responsible for all those curves, then he’d make sure to keep her cabinets stocked with–
“Mr. Bradford,” Mr. Blaine said crisply, drawing his attention.
Shit.
Judging by her father’s expression, he wasn’t too happy about Jason’s leisurely perusal of his daughter. Not that he could blame him. If he had a daughter, which wasn’t happening any time soon, that looked like Haley he’d lock her up and guard her with a shotgun. 
“What do you do for work, Mr. Bradford?” Mr. Blaine asked, taking a sip of his wine.
“I teach history at Latin Scribe High School,” he answered, noting all the expressions of distaste from the rest of Haley’s family at that announcement. Not that he cared, but did they really need to act like he’d just announced that he picked up horse shit with his hands for a living?
Mr. Blaine gave him an approving nod. “That’s a very good school. Several of my clients’ children attend that school.” He turned his attention to Haley. “Perhaps you should think about applying for a position there, Haley.”
Before Jason could open his mouth and ask the man what the hell he was talking about, Haley smiled tightly and said, “That’s a great idea, Dad. I’ll send my resume in next week.”
“I think that’s a smart move,” her father said, oblivious to the deep blush spreading over Haley’s face as she once again shifted her gaze back to her napkin. 
“Doesn’t she have to have a special degree to teach high school kids?” Martha demanded in a bored tone that pretty much said she really didn’t care. “She teaches preschool, doesn’t she? I really don’t think they’re going to hire her to teach teenagers.”
“I’ll look into that tomorrow,” Haley said, not bothering to look up from her napkin. 
What in the hell was going on here?
This had to be a fucking joke, Jason thought as he leaned back in his seat and discreetly looked around the expensively decorated room for hidden cameras. There was just no way that his sweet little grasshopper came from such a cold family.
“If you’re thinking of going back to college, perhaps you should look into a real career,” Mrs. Blaine said, sending him an apologetic smile that really said she didn’t give a fuck that she’d just insulted him, “I’m sure your father would be more than happy to pay for law school or medical school.”
“Of course,” her father said absently as he checked his cellphone. “Just make sure you send my secretary the tuition bill like you did the last time.”
Haley’s hand stilled halfway to her water glass and Jason had to frown. He knew from her all of her grandmother’s bragging that Haley had worked three jobs to put herself through college and that she’d absolutely refused any help from her family. He’d never understood why until now.
“Perhaps she should apply to wherever Mr. Bradford attended if she wishes to teach high school. What college did you attend, Mr. Bradford?” Mrs. Blaine asked as she sent a small wave to someone at another table.
“Harvard,” he said, looking around at the table and noting the bored expressions. This family dinner was like nothing he’d ever experienced before. He was used to large meals with warm, welcoming expressions and fights over seconds. This dinner was cold and clinical and he couldn’t help but think that Haley didn’t belong. She was warm, sweet, and full of life. 
Mr. Blaine grinned. “A fellow alumnus,” he said, holding his drink up in salute. “Your father wouldn’t happen to be Richard Bradford, would he? He and I attended law school together. Brilliant man.”
Jason took a sip of his water and shook his head. “No, my father’s name is Jared. He owns a construction company in Meddletown. 
Mr. Blaine frowned slightly. “Well, I suppose your father’s company does quite well if he could afford to send you to Harvard.”
“Yes, he does well, but I actually attended on a scholarship,” Jason said, not surprised when Mr. Blaine’s expression turned back to disapproving. 
As a scholarship student, he’d been treated little better than the hired help. He’d received gratitude, gifts and slaps on the back when he played football and when he wasn’t scoring touchdowns, he was expected to work his ass off and do what he was told without complaint. 
They hadn’t expected much from him. He doubted they even expected him to attend class, but he had. He’d worked his ass off to graduate a year and a half early, pissing the alumni off. They’d been hellbent on getting four years of football out of him on an academic scholarship, but he hadn’t cared. He’d made damn sure he got his education as quickly as possible since he knew that if he got fucked up on the football field and couldn’t play any longer that they wouldn’t hesitate in throwing his ass out the door. 
“I think she should think about settling down,” Rose, at least he thought the one next to him was Rose, said, making him sweat. Christ, judging from the looks they’d been sending him since he’d sat down, it was obvious that they all thought he was her boyfriend. Did they really think that she’d brought him because they were serious? Him, married with children? 
Hell no.
Maybe he should just–
“I’m sure Edward can think of several men who would be interested in our Haley,” Rose suggested.
“I think that’s an excellent idea,” Mr. Blaine agreed wholeheartedly.
Wait, what?
“John probably knows some men that would be interested as well. Don’t you, John?” Martha asked.
John looked away from another waitress’s ass and nodded. “I’m sure I can think of several men who would like to meet her.” As soon as he’d answered, his eyes were back on another woman’s ass.
Was he the only one who realized that he’d just been insulted? This was bullshit. He was a fucking great catch. Plenty of women, much to his horror, wanted to marry him. He was just about to tell them that when something caught his attention.
A little snort of laughter. 
He turned his glare on Haley as she shook with silent laughter. They were disrespecting his manliness and she was laughing at him? 
What the hell? 
“Haley dear, are you alright?” Mrs. Blaine asked.
Haley, it seemed, could only nod.
“Oh, I just had a wonderful idea!” Martha, Rose or whatever the hell her name was, said excitedly. “Robert’s here. Why don’t we invite him to join us? You know how fond he is of Haley.”
Who the hell was Robert? Jason wondered as he followed Mr. Blaine’s gaze to the table they’d passed earlier and landed on the blond bastard who’d smiled at Haley. He had perfect blonde hair, an average face and wore an expensively tailored suit that probably cost more than all Jason’s clothes put together. When the man sent a warm smile in Haley’s direction, Jason decided that he hated the bastard.
“Let me get a server to ask him to join us,” Mr. Blaine said, already gesturing for a waiter.
Judging by Robert’s suddenly smug smile, he knew exactly what was happening. 
“No, Dad, that’s okay,” Haley said, all humor gone as terror took over. “He looks busy.”
“Nonsense,” Mrs. Blaine said. “You know Robert always makes time for you. He’s such a sweet man. For the life of me, I don’t understand why you ended things with him.”
“If you’d listened to me years ago, you’d be married and already settled and not wasting your time on foolish pursuits,” Mrs. Blaine added, making Jason’s jaw clench.
“She’ll never do better than Robert, that’s for certain,” Martha said, sending him a bored glance before turning her attention back to Robert.
“I’m not interested in Robert,” Haley said quickly, watching as the waiter walked towards her father. “Dad, I–”
Mr. Blaine waved off her concerns. “I think this is the best thing for you, Haley,” he said before giving the waiter a message for Robert. 
Jason realized that Haley really didn’t want Robert to join them. That knowledge appeased him. Somewhat. These people were the biggest snobs he’d ever met in his life and not just because they’d looked down their noses at him, but because they looked down their noses at Haley. She didn’t deserve any of this.
“Dad, I wish you hadn’t done that,” Haley said as the waiter walked away. “I’m not interested in Robert. I’ve told you that before.”
 “It wouldn’t hurt you to give him another chance, sweetheart,” Mrs. Blaine said dismissively.
Seriously, did any of them even consider that he was Haley’s date? Not that he was, but still, it was fucking insulting. If Haley wasn’t one of his best friends, he’d consider telling her family off, but she was and he couldn’t, or she’d stop cooking for him and he wasn’t risking that. What his little grasshopper could do with a chocolate chip cookie...
He pushed back in his chair. Telling her family off might not be a choice, but that didn’t mean that he couldn’t rescue his little grasshopper. He took her hand in his as he stood up, not missing the dirty looks her family sent their entwined hands, and gently pulled Haley to her feet.
“Dance with me?” he asked softly, nodding towards the small dance floor filled with a half-dozen couples.
Her eyes darted back to her family and widened when she spotted Robert heading her way.
“I’d love to,” she said, practically dragging him away from the table. 
*-*-*-*
When Jason pulled her into his arms, she felt herself relax for the first time since her grandmother called this morning.
“You want to tell me about him?” Jason asked, expertly maneuvering them around the other couples on the small dance floor.
Chewing her bottom lip nervously, she watched Robert take Jason’s vacated seat. He said something to her father as both men watched them.
“He was my high school boyfriend. We broke up senior year.”
“And he wants to pick up where you left off?” Jason guessed.
“No,” Haley said, absently drumming her fingers against his shoulder, “he wants to perfect his record.”
At Jason’s frown, she shrugged. “I refused to sleep with him.”
She felt the muscles in Jason’s shoulder go tight as he narrowed his eyes on her before shifting his glare on Robert.
“How can you be sure that’s all he wants?”
“He told me,” Haley simply said with a shrug. “He’s not interested in anything more than adding another notch to his belt.”
“What an asshole,” Jason muttered, earning a few gasps from the women around him. She could tell that he was just barely holding back an eye roll. 
As much as she hated being here tonight, and God, did she hate being here, she had to admit that it was nice not having to do this alone for once. Having Jason with her made the night almost tolerable. He’d even managed to make her laugh, not on purpose, of course, but she’d been unable to stop herself from laughing at his shocked expression when her family had dismissed him so easily. Her family’s treatment of him had pissed her off. 
She should just leave. It was obvious that they weren’t really wanted here. She also wasn’t about to have Robert forced on her so that she could spend the next two hours discreetly removing his hand from her leg or trying to ignore the sexual innuendos he’d whisper in her ear.
Plus, she really didn’t want to sit around while they treated Jason horribly for another minute. He was a good friend and deserved better treatment than that, especially since he’d been nothing but kind to them no matter how rude they’d been to him. They both looked over in time to see Robert stand up and head in their direction.
Great.
This night was about to get worse.
Jason grinned that sexy grin of his as he leaned down and whispered, “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
He really was the best friend ever, Haley decided as they made their escape.
Chapter 12
“I’m sorry, Mr. Bradford,” Eric, normally one of his best students, mumbled quickly as he averted his eyes away from Jason’s murderous glare.
For the past three weeks, he’d been biting everyone’s head off. His normally easygoing façade was completely gone now. It didn’t make any sense. He’d been getting the best sleep of his life and Haley had quickly become the most important person in his life. He couldn’t imagine living without her. He didn’t want to. 
No matter what they did during the day, at night, they came together at night. Not in the way he would like, but he was still able to find peace at the end of the day. Two weeks ago, they both gave up on rushing out of each other’s bed to get ready for work in the morning. Now, he had toiletries in her bathroom, some space in her closet and bureau, and she had the same in his house. 
It was weird, but probably not as weird as two best friends who slept together but didn’t so much as kiss. It was like they were living together but alternating from one house to the other. They spent a lot of time together, but they also spent a lot of time on their own or with friends. When he was away from her, he wondered what she was doing and thinking. A few times, he had to stop himself from calling her to find out. The only thing that was saving his sanity was the knowledge that she wasn’t dating another man. He didn’t know how he’d feel about that. Judging by the urge to put his fist through a wall every time he thought about her with another guy, it wasn’t good.
Another loud cheer went up next door. He clenched his jaw tightly as he focused on the fifteen students in his honors U.S. history class. This was their two-hour study block to go over the material for the final exam, which was tomorrow. They were only ten minutes into their review and he already wanted to throttle every last one of his students.
He threw his review packet onto his desk in disgust, making his students shift around nervously in their designer school uniforms.
“I don’t understand this. We’ve gone over this material all year and none of you have any idea what the hell I’m talking about!” his voice rose, making the girls look close to crying.
Another roar of applause came from next-door, drawing his attention back to the woman who was always on his mind. He ran his fingers through his hair as he paced the floor. He was wound so damn tight right now and so goddamn close to snapping.
A soft knock came from the door connecting his classroom to Haley’s. Without waiting for a reply, she popped her head in with a smile. That smile was like a balm to his soul, instantly calming him.
“Yes?” he asked her in a much softer tone than the one he’d been using with his students.
Haley nibbled her lip nervously. “Mr. Bradford, I was wondering if I could ask you and your students a huge favor. I need some help preparing my kids for their test tomorrow and since both classes are studying the same material, I was hoping that you wouldn’t mind coming in here and giving me a hand?”
“Yes, of course,” he found himself answering immediately. Who in the hell could say no to someone so adorable? She pushed her glasses back up on her nose and smiled again, damn near making his knees buckle.
“Excellent!” she said brightly, pushing the door open all the way. “Why don’t you kids come in here?” She turned to face her class. “Alright, you bunch of miscreants, make some room!”
Jason grabbed the review packet he’d made over the weekend and followed his students into her classroom. As he walked past Haley, he couldn’t stop himself from grabbing her hand and giving it a squeeze. If any of the kids saw, they smartly kept their mouths shut.
He watched as his students filled the empty seats in her classroom. They kept shooting him nervous glances. No doubt they were waiting for him to start yelling again. Little did they know that his little grasshopper kept him grounded.
Haley hopped up onto her desk and crossed one beautiful leg over the other, drawing every guy’s attention. He had to stop himself from killing the little bastards then and there. 
His little grasshopper seemed oblivious to the attention she drew as she reached back to grab a large brown paper bag. She winced a little as she picked it up and placed it on her lap. She wrapped her arm around the bag as she grabbed a thick study packet off the desk with the other hand. He didn’t wait for an invite. He sat down on the desk next to her.
“Alright, guys, for those of you who are just joining us, we’re having a review. We’ll each take a turn asking you a question. If you know the answer, you’ll get a prize,” she said. He saw his students visibly relax. He didn’t think it was over the prize but over the reprieve from his temper.
Curious about the prize, he leaned over and gasped. How dare she hide these from him! He sent her a glare, earning an adorable roll of her eyes. He reached into the bag only to have his hand slapped away. 
How dare she?
“You can have one after five of your students answer a question correctly,” she informed him.
He sent a scathing look to his students, letting them know that they damn well better answer correctly and quickly if they wanted to live. The woman probably had twenty pounds of Hershey’s Kisses and mini Reese’s Peanut Butter cups and he’d be damned if he wasn’t getting at least fifteen pounds of that. 
The hell with the kids. Did they really need an education more than he needed chocolate? They all had trust funds. They could get by with a tenth-grade education. He needed that damn chocolate. Once his five students answered their questions correctly, he was attacking that bag, consequences be damned.
“Alright, guys, first question,” Haley announced as she looked at her packet. “Who was the first President of the United States?”
Every hand in the room went up.
Jason snorted. “Are you trying to give away my chocolate? Make them work for it.”
Haley randomly picked a student, one of his, and tossed a Kiss. As she asked the questions, they got tougher. Nine questions later, he was patiently waiting for one of his students, John, to answer Haley’s question.
“It was eighteen-sixty…” the kid trailed off as he thought it over. Jason was going to fail the kid if he couldn’t answer the question. Not because it reflected poorly on his teaching skills, but because this was the fifth question for his class and he wanted chocolate!
While Haley waited for the answer, Jason discreetly raised four fingers.
“Eighteen sixty-four,” John answered quickly, trying not to look at Jason.
“Very good,” Haley said, tossing John a peanut butter cup.
“Hey, that’s not fair!” Cindy, or whatever the hell her name was from the dance, cried. He should have known the little witch would be looking for revenge. “Mr. Bradford told him the answer!”
“Don’t be petty. John answered the question correctly,” he said, holding out his hand for the chocolate that was due him.
Haley eyed him carefully while he gave her his most innocent expression. “Did you just cheat so that you could get chocolate?”
He did his best to look insulted. “Would I do that?” he demanded.
She rolled her eyes and handed him a huge handful of chocolate. “This should keep your cheating ways at bay for a while.”
“You would think so, wouldn’t you,” he murmured, unwrapping his treats while Cindy scowled at him. He ignored her as he ate his chocolate between asking questions of his own. He only paused to reach back and snag Haley’s water bottle to wash down the chocolate.
While they sat there, hip to hip, asking questions, he reached back and casually rubbed a circle on Haley’s lower back. He almost groaned when he felt her tremble. Outwardly, she was cool and relaxed. She laughed with the kids and never had any problems carrying on with her questions. He only stopped rubbing her back when she handed him more chocolate, which only happened when she caught him cheating. 
When the lunch bell rang, Haley held up a hand. “You’ve studied hard all year. I want you to go home, review and then I want you to relax. This is just a test, guys. Just remember that and you’ll do fine. Also, just a reminder, everyone that earns a passing grade of at least eighty will be joining me next week on the last day of school for a make your own sundae party.”
Jason glared at Haley. First chocolate and now ice cream? What else was she hiding from him? He held up his hand to stop everyone from leaving.
 “The same deal goes for my class,” he said.
“Copycat,” Haley mumbled.
“Damn straight,” Jason said as he gestured for the students to get the hell out.
They got up and left while he reached over and grabbed the bag from Haley. He settled it on his lap and started snacking away only to have Haley grab the bag from him and drop it in her desk drawer, locking it.
He rolled his eyes. “Yeah, cause that will stop me.”
“Behave. If there’s any left by the end of the day you can have more,” Haley said as she put her things away. She paused by the door and tried her best to look stern as she said, “That chocolate better be there after lunch, mister.”
“Of course,” he readily agreed. 
She threw him one last look of warning before she headed off towards the cafeteria for lunch duty. He’d be right behind her since they had the same schedule. Only he had one thing that he had to do before that.
After making sure that she was gone, Jason knelt down and picked the lock with two paper clips he’d found on her desk. Seconds later, the lock clicked. With a satisfied sigh, he stole the bag and headed for his room. When would she ever learn?
*-*-*-*
“I still don’t understand your problem,” Mary said.
Haley scowled across the booth at her friend. “What’s not to understand? Somehow, someway I managed to find myself in a serious relationship without the relationship.”
“That sounds…different,” Mary said with a frown. After a short pause, Mary asked, “What the hell do you mean? I thought you and Jason were just friends.”
“We are! It’s just that…” She sighed heavily as she fiddled with the label on her beer. “He doesn’t date anymore. He doesn’t even show any interest in other women. When we’re out, he sends women away, telling them that he’s not interested.”
“Well, that’s sweet.”
“When guys approach me, he throws his arm around me and glares at them until they run away. Last night when we were out with Mitch at the movies, some guy in line stood too close to me and Jason got into a shouting match with him.”
“He’s just being protective.”
“He treats me like his girlfriend. He’s always touching me and cuddling with me. We sleep in the same bed every night. We try sleeping positions like they’re sexual positions!” she hissed quietly, hoping the loud music coming from the jukebox blocked out everything that she was saying.
“And you don’t like any of this?” Mary guessed.
“Like it? I love it! Except I want more. God, I can’t stop thinking about him and having him so close, but not close enough is killing me. I am so pathetic,” Haley grumbled.
“Does he know?”
“No. If he did, he’d probably step back. He doesn’t want a girlfriend. He wants a friend or a little sister.”
“Doesn’t sound that way to me,” Mary said with a sympathetic smile.
“Trust me. There’s no chance in hell that Jason Bradford is going to change his ways for me.”
“Well, not if you don’t give him a chance.” Mary reached over and took her hand. “You’re in love with him, aren’t you?’
Haley wiped at her eyes. “Let’s talk about something else.”
“Fine,” Mary sighed as she stirred the tiny red straw in her ginger ale and looked around the bar. “There are a lot of really cute guys here tonight.”
Haley followed her friend’s gaze and nodded absently. There were a lot of cute guys here tonight. That brought up another interesting question. If she decided to date and took the guy home, would Jason get pissed? If she started dating someone, then she couldn’t sleep in the same bed with Jason anymore. It wouldn’t be fair and it would make everything weirder. The fact that she didn’t want any other man but Jason holding her at night also didn’t help.
She inwardly groaned. Tonight was supposed to be about relaxing after a long day of review. She wasn’t here to moon over Jason Bradford. Tonight, she was here to have a few drinks, play a game of pool, and relax.
 “Ah, Haley, maybe we should go somewhere else. How about we rent a movie, get some pizza, and head to my place?” Mary suggested, sounding nervous.
Haley frowned at her. “We’ve been waiting an hour for the pool table and we’re up next. Besides, I’m not done with my beer,” she said only to frown when she saw the look on her friend’s face. “What’s wrong?”
Mary looked down at her drink and worried her lip for a moment. She looked close to tears.
“Mary?” Haley said softly.
Mary shook her head and sobbed lightly but didn’t look up.
Loud laughter drew Haley’s attention to the door and her eyes narrowed dangerously. 
“That son of a bitch,” she snapped.
“Haley, please don’t make a big deal out of this. Let’s just go.”
Haley was already on her feet and heading towards the small group near the bar. She pushed her way through the group until she came face-to-face with Mary’s ex-fiancé and the voluptuous blonde snuggling up to him. She snorted. It wasn’t even the same one he’d left Mary for. He was pathetic. She really wished she had spoken up years ago about how much of a loser he was.
“What the hell do you want?” Ted practically sneered.
Haley shrugged. “Nothing much. Just wondering if you’re going to grow some balls and help Mary. You remember Mary, don’t you? The woman you dated for four years, cheated on constantly, asked to marry, and then knocked up, all before you dumped her for a stripper? Well, I was just wondering if you were planning on manning up anytime soon and helping Mary with the medical bills for this pregnancy. Just thinking it might be nice if she could afford to keep your kid in diapers and formula. I’m kind of funny like that.”
The woman under his arm looked startled as she pushed away from him with open disgust. 
“You got a woman pregnant and left her? What an asshole!” she said before stalking off and giving him the finger. His buddies laughed at him while Ted glared down at her.
Ted groaned. “You stupid bitch! I am so sick of you fucking up my life! Mary’s accepted our breakup, so when the hell are you going to? I don’t want anything to do with that flat-chested ugly bitch or her brat, so fuck off and leave me alone! And if you’re so concerned about the baby’s shitty diapers, then you buy them for her, bitch!”
“Listen you–”
“Haley, please!” Mary, suddenly by her side, pleaded as she tried to pull Haley away. “Let’s just go!”
“There you are! You need to tell her to mind her own fucking business!” Ted said, pushing Mary’s shoulder hard to make his point.
“Oh, no you didn’t, you son of a bitch!” Haley said just before she released her fists of fury on the bastard.
Chapter 13
“Would you two cut the shit? We’re here to have a guy’s night out, not a pissing contest,” Brad said to the two men glaring at each other. He looked heavenward and sighed, “This is fucking ridiculous.”
“He’s the one being an asshole,” Mitch said, shoving Jason.
Jason shoved him back, harder, sending his friend into a parked pickup truck. He pointed a finger at Mitch. “Stay the fuck away from her.”
“Oh, fuck off, you sanctimonious asshole. You don’t want her, but you don’t want anyone else to have her? She’s not your property!”
Jason felt his jaw clench tighter. 
“What are you going to do when she starts dating some other guy? Huh, tough guy?” Mitch pushed him. “Someday soon this little friendship of yours won’t be enough for her and she’ll go to another guy and you won’t have her anymore. Have you thought of that?” Mitch snorted. “She’s a beautiful, funny, and sweet woman. A lot of guys would give their right nut for a girl like her!”
Jason felt all the blood drain out of his face. He stood there as the reality of Mitch’s words slammed into him. One day it would be another man Haley would talk to, watch games with, or just sit in absolute silence with her, and worst of all, it would be another man holding Haley in his arms at night.
“Fuck…” he gasped. 
“Oh great, you broke him! Are you happy now?” Brad demanded. “Come on, buddy, we’ll get you fixed up with a cold beer and a plate of hot wings. How does that sound? Does that sound good?”
Numbly, Jason nodded. 
Brad scowled at Mitch, who looked shocked by Jason’s reaction. No doubt, the man probably expected a good shoving match and a few outbursts. Jason suddenly going quiet was absolutely frightening.
“I hope you’re happy!” Brad yelled at Mitch. “You broke him!”
“I was just pissed…I didn’t know…I…” He shrugged helplessly as he helped Brad steer a very numb Jason into the bar. “Look, I’m sorry. I just thought you didn’t think that I was good enough for her. Shit. I didn’t realize that–”
His words were cut off when Brad shook his head. Mitch looked at Jason and nodded. He clearly wasn’t ready to hear any of this. Jason wasn’t aware his friends were talking. He couldn’t focus past the idea of another man touching Haley. 
His Haley.
“Please stop!” a woman screamed as they pushed a still frighteningly quiet Jason inside.
They spotted a familiar-looking tall woman being held back by two women who were trying to calm her down while they looked nervously at a small group of men. Suddenly the group parted.
All three men stood in shock as Haley hit, well sort of slapped with her fists in a windmill type fashion, a large man who looked more pissed with her assault than actually hurt. 
“You don’t ever touch her again!” Haley yelled as she continued her weird-ass assault.
“Shut up, bitch!” the man said, shoving Haley away. She stumbled back and hit the floor, hard.
Jason saw red as everything around him blurred into a daze. He focused on the man that just put his hands on Haley. Without a word, he stalked over to the son of a bitch and punched him in the face, sending him slamming back into the bar.
The man bent over in agony, cupping his nose. “You broke my nose, asshole!”
“If you ever lay another finger on her again, I will fucking kill you. Do you understand me?” he promised with barely restrained fury.
The man tried to glare only to wince. Finally, he nodded.
“Good,” Jason said slowly as he turned and grunted when his little grasshopper ran into him as she attempted to renew her cute attack.
“Haley!” Jason said, trying to snap her out of it. She ignored him, trying to swing at the guy or whatever the hell she was doing. With an exasperated sigh, he threw her over his shoulder and headed for the door.
“You’re lucky, Ted! Next time I will kick. Your. Ass!” she yelled.
Jason gave her bottom a patronizing pat. “I’m sure you have him quaking in his drawers, my little grasshopper. No need to scare him.”
She grabbed the waist of his jeans to help push herself up so that she could glare at the bastard. “Ass whooping! Next time, I’m not holding back!”
“Tell him to watch his back!” Mitch suggested, laughing.
Jason nearly rolled his eyes when Haley did just that. He released a weary breath. “Let’s get you home before you have the man wetting himself.”
“You’re lucky, punk!” she yelled, making him grin. 
She was just so damn cute.
*-*-*-*
Haley grunted and kicked the covers off them.
“Are you going to whoop the sheet’s ass as well? Should I run to safety?” Jason asked, biting back a huge smile that was threatening to take over.
“It’s hot!” Haley said in a cute little whiny voice. “And stop making fun of me. I totally kicked ass tonight,” she said with a sniff. “They might even have to ban me from the bar after tonight.”
He blinked. “For what?”
She rolled over onto her back away from him. “What do you mean for what? I started a brawl!”
“Really? When?”
“What do you mean when? You were there. You saw me kicking some ass!”
“That weird thing you were doing with your hands?” She nodded. “I thought you were having a seizure of some kind.”
She gasped and gave him a playful shove. “Jerk! I totally kicked his ass tonight and I could kick your ass.”
He looked at her for a moment before he burst out laughing. The entire bed shook as he laughed, probably harder than he’d ever laughed in his entire life. Tears streamed down his face as he gripped his side as a cramp started. 
“Hey! Stop laughing at me! I’m a major threat, damn it!” her serious tone had him laughing harder. Damn, she was really killing him here. “Keep it up and I’m going to kick your ass with my fists of fury!”
Somehow, he managed to laugh harder. He really didn’t think it was possible, but he did.
“That’s it!” Haley snapped as she sat up, quickly straddled his hips and grabbed his arms. She tried to pin his arms down by his head. His laughter became more controlled as he quickly turned the tables on her and rolled over, pinning her beneath him. He didn’t bother pinning down her hands. Really, what was the point? He’d seen her in action after all.
“Alright, my little grasshopper, kick my ass. I’m ready,” he said, grinning. He made sure to keep his hips raised. No point in torturing himself, especially since she was only wearing a tiny camisole and pink cotton panties. 
She began pushing at his chest, trying to shove him off. When that didn’t work, she tried to kick him, and he thought she may have tried to twist his arm.
It was just sad.
“Come on, my little grasshopper, I’m ready any time you are. Show me some of that fury.”
Haley shoved and pulled harder, but still, he didn’t move.
“Seriously, I’m ready whenever you are,” he said, smiling down at her.
She groaned loudly as she increased her attempts. Still, she couldn’t budge him. 
He couldn’t stop himself from taunting her. She was just so damn cute. “Aw, is my little grasshopper getting tired? Where’s all that fury gone? Come on, let’s see those moves–”
She cut his words off with a kiss, surprising the hell out of him. It was a quick gentle brush of her lips over his, but it knocked him on his ass. Haley dropped her head back on the pillow, staring up at him while she worried her bottom lip nervously.  
Jason hovered over her, panting for breath that had nothing to do with laughter. That kiss… That innocent, sweet kiss hit him harder than every make-out session he’d ever had in his life. 
“Jason?” Haley’s broken whisper brought his attention back to her lips.
This was over. He was going to climb out of bed, apologize to her, walk her back to her house, and put some distance between them. He wasn’t good enough for her. He treated women like shit and had no clue how to treat someone as special as Haley. She deserved a man who would make her his entire world. A man who would take care of her, hold her, and love her. And he was not that man.
“Haley, I–”
His words broke off on a groan as Haley’s mouth covered his again. She brushed her lips against his enticingly. His entire body went rigid as he forced himself not to respond. He couldn’t do this to her. As much as it would hurt both of them, he couldn’t give in to her. His body shook with the need to kiss her back and lower his body onto hers, but somehow, he found the strength to fight it.
*-*-*-*
He wasn’t kissing her back.
There, she had her answer. She just had to go and kiss him to find out how he felt about her. She couldn’t just ask him like a normal person. Not only had she just wrecked everything between them, but she was also horribly embarrassed. Peachy. Just freakin’ peachy.
She felt the tears sting her eyes as she looked up at his handsome face. He was not going to see her cry. She absolutely refused to let him see how badly this hurt. 
“Excuse me,” she mumbled softly, breaking away and pushing at his chest. He didn’t fight her this time. He moved off her. She was so close to breaking down and begging him to forget what just happened. She jumped off the bed and headed for the bedroom door. She didn’t care about her clothes or anything else at the moment. She just needed to get out of there.
“Haley!” Jason called after her. “Let’s talk about this!”
The last thing she wanted to do was talk about this. She ran out his front door and across the yard and raced to her front door. Barely able to see through the tears that were now flowing freely down her face, she searched for the key she’d hidden beneath the front step and stumbled into her house. 
She locked the front door and ran to her room. She locked her window and pulled her curtains shut, knowing that Jason would just come through the window and try to joke his way out of this. She didn’t want to joke about this. This hurt! Her heart was broken and she’d just lost the best friend she’d ever had because of her own stupidity.
A sob broke free and then another until she was sobbing uncontrollably. She dropped onto the edge of her bed and buried her face in her hands as she let it out. She was too tired to fight it anymore.
Warm breath tickled her hands as strong fingers gently pulled her hands away. She averted her face so that she wouldn’t have to face him as he knelt in front of her. She just couldn’t.
“Will you look at me?” Jason asked softly.
She bit her bottom lip and shook her head. 
“I’m not…Haley, I’m just not good enough for you. Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Haley shrugged, wanting him to get to the point quickly and leave. At the moment, she didn’t trust herself to open her mouth, afraid that she’d just embarrass herself more.
“You’re too good for me, my little grasshopper,” he said softly as he laid his forehead in the crook of her neck. “You could do so much better than me without even trying, Haley. So much better.”
His voice dropped as he continued, and he sounded like he was in pain, but still, she said nothing. “You’re kind, smart, funny, you have the biggest heart of anyone I’ve ever met, and you’re sweet. God, are you sweet.” His hands slid up her sides and gently rubbed up and down.
His breath came quicker against her skin and Haley wanted nothing more than to wrap her arms around him and hold him one more time, but she couldn’t do it. She couldn’t handle it if he pushed her away again.  
“Do you know how sweet you are, my little grasshopper?” his voice was hoarse as his hands moved lower to her hips and slid back up until his thumbs brushed beneath her breasts and then down again. He pressed a kiss against her neck almost as if he couldn’t help himself. A pained groan escaped him when he did it.
“I should walk out of here and never come back and let you go meet some nice guy who will give you everything in life that you deserve.” He pressed another kiss to her neck and she barely bit back a moan. His hands slid down her sides and this time when they moved back up, they slid beneath her shirt. 
Large warm hands moved up her sides only to stop right beneath her breasts. They hesitated there for a second before continuing their journey back down. He continued to kiss her neck almost desperately. The next time his hands moved up, he ran his thumbs along the underside of her breasts and groaned.
Haley’s head dropped back while her hands fisted in the comforter. She still hadn’t spoken, but for other reasons now. She was afraid if she spoke that she would break through to him and he would realize what he was doing and leave her. Heaven help her, but he had her too desperate to chance it.
“I need to leave.” He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to her neck and gently sucked while his hands moved further up only to teasingly brush over her hard nipples. They moaned in unison. “It’s the right thing to do…the um…the um…” His hands made another swipe this time gently squeezing before moving back down. 
“I um, I shouldn’t want you…I shouldn’t…I care for you so much, my little grasshopper. That’s why I should…I should,” he groaned loud and long, “you’re so sweet.”
Haley decided enough was enough. He obviously wanted her as much as she wanted him. Well, she hoped he did, at least. Taking a deep fortifying breath, she leaned back, dislodging his mouth from her neck. He looked dazed as he tried to figure out what just happened. 
Haley held his gaze as she reached down and grabbed the hem of her shirt. Hoping that she wasn’t wrong about him, she pulled it off and tossed it on the floor. 
Jason froze. His hands stilled on her hips as his jaw clenched tightly. He locked eyes with her and she had to bite back a smile as he struggled not to look down. He lost that battle several times.
He sucked in a reverent breath as he allowed his eyes to linger on her breasts. He mumbled something about not being a saint before looking back up. He studied her face for a long moment.
“You do know that you could do better than me, right?”
She rolled her eyes and gave him a watery smile. “Well, duh.”
“As long as we’re on the same page,” he mumbled before his mouth came crashing down on hers.
Chapter 14
None of the fantasies that he’d had about his little grasshopper came close to the real thing. Her lips were full and warm against his as he moved over them in a hungry kiss. 
He gave her a chance. Hell, he’d let her run out of his house in nothing more than her panties and a skimpy shirt. He’d have to talk to her about her flashing ways, but later…much later. Right now, he was busy running his hands over the most perfect breasts in creation. They were big, but not too big. They were just perfect for his hands. 
She moaned and he attacked, sliding his tongue into that warm heaven she called a mouth. Her tongue came out to play and slid against his, making him growl into her mouth. 
Her hands slid up his chest, sending ripples of pleasure throughout his body. He’d dreamed of her touching him. He loved the way she ran her fingers through his hair at night when they held each other. He’d fantasized about her running her fingers over the rest of his body. 
With one last deep kiss, he moved his mouth down along her jaw and ran his tongue down her neck and between her breasts. His hands never stopped moving. He gripped one breast and held it for his mouth as an offering. He ran his tongue around one large hard nipple, earning the most erotic moan he’d ever heard from a woman before he sucked it between his lips. He released the nipple with a loud pop and turned his attention to the other one. 
After a moment, his hands slid back down her stomach where he gripped her panties. She didn’t hesitate in lifting her hips. His little grasshopper was a good girl. He pulled the panties off while he kissed his way down. When they were gone, he gently pushed her back onto the bed and moved his mouth to one thigh and then, to the next. 
“I wonder if you’re as sweet as I imagined, Haley,” he said, kissing her thigh before pushing her legs further apart. Even in the dimly lit room, he could see her sex clearly. The pink lips were puffy with arousal and her short, neatly trimmed curls were soaked, making him lick his lips in anticipation.
 He pressed a teasing kiss close to her slit. “Are you sweet, Haley? Hmmm?”
Her answer was a whimper. 
“I bet you’re sweeter than honey,” Jason murmured as he leaned in and ran his tongue between the swollen pink lips in one long lick. His eyes closed as he moaned deeply. Sweeter, so much sweeter than he’d imagined. Haley’s hips shot off the edge of the bed, but he was ready for that. He grabbed her feet and placed them on his shoulders.
Using his thumbs, he spread her open and nearly came from the sight. Using his thumb, he spread the warm, clear liquid letting him know just how much she wanted him, over the tiny nub.
Haley moaned.
“You like that?” he asked in a husky voice. “Then you’ll love this.”
He ran the tip of his tongue around the little nub, careful not to touch it. Haley squirmed beneath his hands, trying to find relief. He slid two fingers inside her but switched to one when he realized how tight she was. He was glad that he wasn’t the only one who hadn’t had sex in a while. He wanted her desperate for him.
Finally, he ran his tongue over her sensitive little nub, earning a moan so he did it again and again while slowly sliding his finger in and out of her. He had to close his eyes. He was so close to coming and she hadn’t even touched him yet. He prayed that he wouldn’t embarrass himself tonight since he planned on being inside of her for most of the night. 
Her sheath tightened around his finger like a vice. He sucked her clit between his lips while flicking his tongue over teasingly over the little bundle of nerves.
“Jason...Jason...” she moaned his name softly for several minutes as he licked her out. “Jason!” she finally screamed his name as her body throbbed hard around his finger.
He waited until she lay boneless on the bed, panting before pulling away and slowly licking his lips and fingers clean. He leaned over and kissed her.
“Condom,” he said through clenched teeth. He was on the edge of coming. He’d never been more turned on in his life. He wanted to fuck her in every position imaginable and then in some that he was pretty sure were physically impossible, but he was willing to give them all a try.
He felt Haley still beneath him. It was so quick that he almost missed it. Before he could ask her what was wrong, she pushed him off. Shit. She was still pissed about earlier. 
“Haley, I–fuck!” he groaned loudly, well yelled really, as Haley in one swift move yanked his boxers down and took him in her hot, wet mouth. He braced his hands on her shoulders while she worked him. She took the tip of his cock into her mouth with a well-practiced move that nearly had his eyes crossing. 
She cupped his sack with one hand, rolling it in her palm, making him groan and buck. He forced himself to be still so that he wouldn’t hurt her. She met his gaze when she slowly took him in and went past the point any other woman had ever managed. 
He whimpered.
His head dropped back as Haley deepthroated him. Never had it felt like this, so good, so complete. His little grasshopper had a secret side to her. A side he very much planned on exploring. He wondered what else she could do and who had taught her. Anger surged through him just thinking about her doing this with another man before he quickly pushed those thoughts away with Haley’s help.
For several minutes, panting and suckling sounds echoed throughout the small bedroom, making it harder for Jason to hold back. He was so damn close. Hell, he could have easily come a hundred times over by now, but he was desperate to keep this going. It felt so good...so fucking good.
Finally, he couldn’t hold back any longer. He tapped her lightly on the shoulder, the universal sign of warning, and started to pull back when Haley gripped his hip with her free hand and held him in place as she doubled her efforts.
“Haley baby, I’m gonna come!” he moaned the last word loudly. His entire body spasmed as his cock hardened to the point of pain and erupted in her sweet little mouth. Haley didn’t miss a beat as she sucked him dry. She was truly wonderful.
Gasping for air, he pulled back, hissing when his cock slid out of her incredibly talented mouth and over her tongue. Lazily, he shoved his underwear down the rest of the way and climbed on the bed and moved over Haley. 
She licked her lips, making him groan. He leaned in and kissed her. As they kissed, they slowly moved up the bed. Once Haley’s head hit the pillow, Jason laid on his side and gathered her close. 
As good as it felt to simply hold her in his arms over these past weeks, it felt better to have her in his arms naked. Surprisingly it had nothing to do with sex. He loved feeling her warm skin against his and feeling her heartbeat as it lulled him into a deep sleep.
*-*-*-*
“Shit!” Haley heard Jason yell as something crashed in the other room. From the sounds of it, he’d just knocked over her stack of books on the hallway table, again. 
She leaned against the kitchen counter, nibbling on a piece toast as she watched Jason stumble in. His hair was still wet and he was still fumbling with his clothes. His shoes were untied, his pants undone, his shirt was only halfway buttoned, and he was having a hell of a time with his tie.
He glared accusingly at her while he made short work of his clothes. “You didn’t wake me up.”
She rolled her eyes as she speared a piece of sausage with her fork. “I did wake you up. Three times, in fact. Each time, you threw something at me and went back to sleep.”
Jason gaped at her. “And you gave up? You know our routine, woman. You have to keep at it until I’m forced to get off the bed to find something to throw at you.” His eyes narrowed dangerously on the large breakfast in front of her.
“And you’ve eaten without me?” he asked in shocked outrage. Eating to Jason was sacred, probably because he liked stealing food from her plate when it was still hot. 
Any other morning and she would have made sure that he got up. She enjoyed their quiet mornings together before they were forced to face their hormonal charges. This morning she hadn’t wanted to give him a chance to finish what they’d started last night. 
As much as she wanted to, needed to, take that next step with him, she was frightened. He was a man with experience and expectations, and she was...well, for the lack of a better word, a chicken. 
She was fortunate to be the youngest child in the family not only because her grandparents had taken her in, but because she’d been able to see from a very young age how her sisters and older cousins were treated by so-called friends and men. Men came and went out of their lives, turning them into idiots. She’d known more than one woman over the years that thought sex equaled love to men, only to have their heart broken in the end. 
It might seem old fashioned, but she only planned on sleeping with one man in her life, the man she would spend the rest of her life with. She’d dated over the years and had handled her “needs” in other ways, but she’d never even considered taking the chance on any man that she’d dated. Since she’d never fallen in love with any of them, it had been easy, but with Jason, it was going to be difficult.
She knew without a doubt that she was in love with him and that he at least cared for her deeply, as deeply as a man like him was capable of. Haley had no delusions about what kind of man Jason had been in the past. He’d never had a serious relationship and had never cared for any woman he’d been with. Although he had changed a great deal and even matured over the past couple of months, she wasn’t one of those delusional women who thought that she could change a man.
Jason could very well be the person to get her to break her rule because she knew without a doubt, that he would never marry her. He might be able to handle an exclusive relationship with her, but for how long? She knew that sooner or later he’d get bored and move on to the next girl. It would hurt like hell, but she knew that it was coming.
So, that left her with a very important decision to make. Did she take a chance and give herself to him, hoping her heart wouldn’t completely shatter when he moved on, or keep it at the physical level that she was comfortable with?
The only thing stopping her was the regret that she knew she would feel a year from now when another woman came screaming his name in the middle of the night.
She watched as Jason finished dressing. He spent the entire time torn between scowling at her and looking longingly towards the stack of waffles, toast, eggs, bacon and sausage on her plate. Of course, she’d cooked this for him, and he knew it on some level, but this was Jason and he took his food seriously. Too seriously, but that was a job for Dr. Phil to help him work through, not her.
When he finished dressing, he threw his bag over his shoulder, grabbed the bottle of syrup and soaked the waffles. Then he grabbed a fork and the plate and headed for the door, leaving her to roll her eyes as she followed him. 
While she drove, they ate. For every two bites he took, he gave her one, which worked for her since it didn’t take much to make her full. Secretly, she loved it when they did things like this, especially when he took care of her. It was so sweet. He made sure that she was given the best piece of bacon or bite of sausage and always made sure to double-dip her bite of waffle into the syrup, knowing how much she liked it.
By the time they pulled into the staff parking lot, they’d finished eating and the plate was on the backseat, sitting on the large beach towel she put back there for times like this.
They sat there for a moment and watched as buses and cars drove up and parked in front of the school. It occurred to her that she was suddenly nervous. After last night, she’d thought it would be awkward first thing this morning, another reason she got up early. Instead, they’d jumped right into their normal morning routine. Now that the food was gone and they were sitting here, she was really nervous. 
Did he regret what they did? Was she about to get the speech that he didn’t want anything serious? Would he get pissed when he found out that she wouldn’t sleep with him like several men before him had? Damn it! What earth-shattering thing would he say?
“You’ve got syrup on your lip.”
Okay, not exactly life-altering.
She licked her lip. “Is it gone?”
“No.”
She wiped her mouth with her fingers. “How about now?”
He sighed. “I see I’m going to have to handle this.” He leaned in quickly and brushed his lips against hers. She sucked in a breath as he ran his tongue over her bottom lip.
“So sweet, my little grasshopper,” he whispered against her lips. He brushed his lips against hers again. “I know why you left the bed early this morning and why you made sure that I had very little time to do anything else but get ready for work.”
He pressed another kiss to her lips as he took her hand into his. “I’m sorry for being a jerk last night and almost making the biggest mistake of my life. I was afraid of hurting you. I know what I am, and I also know that you deserve a guy that can spoil you rotten and take you to all the nice places that you deserve. I–” 
“Jason, I don’t care about those things,” she said softly.
He shook his head stubbornly. “It doesn’t mean that you don’t deserve them, but if you give me a chance to make up for my past stupidity, and I’m not just talking about with you, I promise that I will do my best to make you happy.”
“Jason–”
“I want to try this. You and me, I mean. I know I’ll most likely fuck up along the way and that you’ll want to wring my neck, but I want to try. I’ll do my best not to hurt you.”
Haley smiled, knowing that was the best she could hope for from him. She appreciated his honesty and knew that if they were going to try to make this work, then she would have to be honest with him, at least about the extent of their relationship. He might not like being with a woman when sex wasn’t an option.
She gave his hand a small squeeze. “Jason, if we’re going to try this, then I’d like to take things slow.” He frowned. “What I mean is nothing beyond the level we were at last night.” She worried her bottom lip between her teeth. “What I mean is no actual sex.”
He narrowed his eyes on her. “But you’ll still sleep with me naked and let me do a hundred other naughty things to you?” he asked in a serious tone.
“Yes.”
He brushed his lips against hers again and moved back a few inches to look into her eyes. “And you’ll still cook for me and call me Master?”
Her lips twitched. “Yes, to the cooking and not a chance in hell for the other.”
He sighed wearily. “Fine, how about Lord and Master?”
“Uh...no.”
“God?”
“Nope.” 
“My liege?”
“Wait...no.”
He gave her one of his lopsided smiles. “I’ll wear you down, eventually.”
She wasn’t so sure he would stick around long enough to make good on that promise, but for the chance to be with him even for a short time, she was willing to risk it. 
Chapter 15
“I hate this. Why did we have to come here?” she said in a bitchy tone as she looked around the large carnival with disgust. “If I had known we were coming here, I would have stayed home. God, have you ever heard of a restaurant? That’s where I should be eating, not something on a stick like some slob.” She flipped her long hair over her shoulder, her glare locked on them.
Jason glanced at Mitch, whose jaw was clenched tightly. The man did not look happy and Jason didn’t blame him one bit. If Jason had known that she was going to act this way to going to a carnival, he never would have suggested it, or at the very least, he wouldn’t have brought her.
Personally, he loved carnivals and theme parks. He couldn’t pass by one without stopping in for a fried treat and a few rides. Mitch was the same way, which was why they were here. They came to have a good time. Instead, they were stuck listening to this woman bitch and whine. She’d started as soon as she’d heard their plans for the evening. 
As soon as she found out, she’d put her foot down and demanded that they take her to a nice restaurant. She’d been outvoted and offered a ride home. She’d refused. Jason knew that she’d decided to come along just to make their lives a living hell for not jumping to meet her demands. 
“We can go on the bumper cars or the Ferris Wheel,” Mitch started to suggest.
She folded her arms over her chest and glared, just glared at the man. Mitch cursed under his breath. She turned her cold glare on Jason and he didn’t bother hiding his eye roll. This was ridiculous. There was no way was he letting her wreck his good time.
“Jason!” 
He turned around and his frown was instantly gone, replaced by a pleased smile. He watched as his little grasshopper quickly walked towards him, grinning from ear-to-ear. She had a stuffed animal, a snake from the looks of it, around her neck, a large soda in one hand, and her other arm wrapped around a fake sword, a teddy bear, and the largest piece of fried dough that he’d ever seen. As she got closer, he could see that it was generously covered in powdered sugar, making him lick his lips as he thought about licking the powdered sugar off her delectable little body.
“Look what I won!” Haley said, practically beaming with excitement. It was hard to believe that someone loved these places more than him and Mitch, but apparently, Haley was that person. 
When he’d told her where they were going today, she’d squealed excitedly and threw herself in his arms. He’d laughed so hard that he’d almost dropped her. This was their first date since they’d come together a week ago and thankfully, he’d chosen well. He would have liked to have been able to take her out sooner, but they’d both been swamped with giving final exams and going over final grades. School was over now and they had a whole summer together. 
“This is so much fun!” Haley said, seemingly oblivious to Mitch’s date’s attitude or she simply didn’t give a damn. He suspected the latter. His little grasshopper didn’t let things bother her.
“Where did you get all of this?” Jason asked as he leaned in for a kiss and a bite of that fried dough. 
“Oh, um,” Haley gestured with her drink towards the direction she came from, “after I hit the bumper cars, I couldn’t resist the basketball game or the darts and then I smelled the fried dough, and,” she shrugged. “I guess I got distracted.”
“I thought you were just going to find the bathroom. We’ve been standing here waiting for you for over a half-hour!” Mitch’s date, Sue or Jude or whatever the hell her name was, pointed out.
Judging by Haley’s expression, she’d forgotten all about the bathroom and just remembered that she had to go. That was confirmed a few seconds later when she shoved her drink, food, and winnings in his and Mitch’s arms and took off running.
Jason took a huge bite out of the fried dough and sighed happily. No doubt, he was going to have to hunt his little grasshopper down in a few minutes near some game or ride and carry her to the bathroom. 
Mitch looked down at his arms, frowned and then looked at all the stuff Jason was holding. “How come you got the sword? I want the sword.” He reached out to snag the sword only to have Jason bitch slap his hand away with the fried dough.
 “My sword!”
“Jerk,” Mitch mumbled as he eyed the sword.
Jason looked thoughtfully down at his sword as well and took another bite. “We could always go win another one and have a sword fight.”
“Sweet!” Mitch said. Yeah, they were big kids when it came to carnivals, but who fucking cared?
“I’m not going anywhere,” Mitch’s date said, intent on wrecking their good time.
Mitch shrugged. “Well, then have a good night.” 
*-*-*-*
Haley added a sniffle to her pout.
Jason chuckled. “I don’t care. You’re not getting it back.”
“That’s not fair! You’re just mad because I kicked ass!”
Mitch rubbed his shoulder while he glared down at Haley. She bit her lip and took a step back, ducking beneath Jason’s arm. He pulled her closer and kissed the top of her head. 
“Fine, keep the sword. I don’t care,” she said in a sulky voice. Mitch muttered something and sighed heavily.
“You want to go on the bumper cars again?” Mitch asked with an easy smile. He’d never seen his friend forgive anyone so fast before, but of course, Haley had that effect on everyone. It was hard to stay mad at her. She was too damn cute for her own good.
“I suppose we could do that,” Haley said, already tugging Jason towards the bumper cars. “If you insist, that is.”
Jason looked back in time to catch Mitch leering at Haley’s ass. 
*-*-*-*
“That was so much fun,” Haley said dreamily as she pulled her shoes off.
“It was okay,” Jason mumbled.
For the past four hours, Jason had been uncharacteristically quiet. He didn’t seem to do much more than glare at Mitch. A few times there, she’d thought he was going to kill his friend. She wasn’t sure what she’d missed or if she should even get involved.
A few minutes later, they were naked and crawling beneath Jason’s sheets. That’s when he really frightened her. He didn’t kiss her or touch her. In fact, he didn’t even glance at her breasts and Jason always looked. Always. They were like magnets for his eyes. 
Now he was lying on his back with his arms behind his head. He made no moves to get closer to her or to pull her against him. He was truly starting to scare her now. She rolled over onto her stomach and watched him for a moment.
“Are you okay?” Haley finally asked.
He shrugged. “Why wouldn’t I be okay?”
“You’re quiet.”
“I just don’t feel like talking.”
“Do you want me to go home?”
He hesitated before answering, “No.”
“Then what do you want?”
“Nothing. I just want to lay here.”
“So, you just want to lay there and nothing is wrong,” she said, summing it up.
“Yeah.”
She rolled her eyes. It seemed she didn’t have much choice about getting involved now. It was either that or get up and leave because she wasn’t about to stay here for another moment of this.
Before he could stop her, she was up and straddling his hips where she made another shocking discovery. Jason wasn’t hard. Jason was always hard when they were in bed, the shower, or making out on the couch, and all those times in between. She was pretty sure that he would never have to worry about needing Viagra.
He made no attempts to push her off, but he didn’t look at her either. 
“I’m not going anywhere until you tell me what’s wrong,” Haley said softly.
“Nothing’s wrong.”
“Don’t make me use my fists of fury to get an answer out of you,” she threatened.
 His lips twitched, but still, Jason said nothing.
“Okay, you just lay there and sulk then. I’m going home,” she said, moving to climb off him.
Jason’s hands shot out, gripping her hips to stop her.
She raised an expectant brow.
He sighed heavily. “You pissed me off.”
Well, that was totally unexpected...sort of.
“Hey, I said I was sorry about hitting Mitch with that sword. How was I supposed to know it would leave a welt?” Haley demanded defensively.
“That’s not what I’m talking about. That didn’t bother me.”
“Is it because I kicked your ass at skeeball?”
“No! And that game is rigged anyway, so it doesn’t count.”
“Riigghhht,” Haley said, drawing out the word. She thought over the rest of the night and couldn’t figure out what she’d done. “Okay, you’re gonna have to help me out here because I’m drawing a blank.”
“I’m pissed because all those men hit on you and not once did you tell any of them to fuck off because you had a boyfriend!” he snapped.
Her face went blank. She blinked once and then again. Then she burst into uncontrollable laughter.
*-*-*-*
“It’s not funny,” Jason snapped, but that only seemed to make her laugh harder.
All day at the carnival, he’d been forced to watch men notice Haley. Every time she smiled or laughed, they smiled as if they just couldn’t help themselves. Every time she jumped up and down excitedly, their eyes zeroed in on her bouncing assets. He’d caught them checking her out and sending her appreciative looks all night. Mitch, the rat bastard as he was now known, completely ditched his date and focused entirely on Haley.
It only got worse when they went to Joe’s Tavern. The place was large, homey and clean and today, Joe put out a huge buffet. So, with an all-you-can-eat barbeque and several flat-screen televisions and five pool tables, the place had been packed.
When Haley went up to get food, they crowded her, offered to carry her plate, get her a drink, sit with her, and scoop her food. When she played pool, and she really sucked at pool but clearly loved it, they offered to “show” her how to play. Two guys had the balls to send drinks over to their table while she was with him. Several actually had the balls to come over and flirt with her in front of him! 
Mitch was no help. When he wasn’t trying to pick up some bar tramp, he was watching Haley and hitting on her like there was no tomorrow. The bastard didn’t even try to hide his leers from Jason. What the hell kind of friend was that?
Okay, granted in the past, before Haley, he’d been a complete jerk. He’d openly checked out and hit on his buddies’ girlfriends. If he was out and he liked what he saw, he never let a boyfriend worry him. But that was no excuse for what Mitch was doing. This was Haley! His Haley!
“Sweetie, I think you had too much sun today,” Haley said once she managed to stop laughing. 
“You should have said something!”
She rolled her eyes. “First off, I have absolutely no idea what the hell you’re talking about. I don’t think anyone was looking at me differently or flirting. They were just really friendly.” 
 He snorted. 
“Secondly, even if they were, and they weren’t, I don’t know why you’re complaining. I didn’t exactly hear you tell every woman that was drooling over you today that you had a girlfriend.” 
Another snort.
“I don’t give a damn about those women. I’ve got what I want,” Jason said, gently massaging her hips.
Haley leaned over and pressed a quick kiss to his lips before sitting back up. “Exactly. I didn’t notice any other man but you,” she said softly as she ran her hands over his chest and stomach.
He rolled his eyes. “Of course, you didn’t. I’m awesome.”
“I’m glad to see that you’re humble.”
“Hey, I could have said I was the epitome of manliness, but I didn’t.” He pursed his lips up thoughtfully. “Even though we both know that it’s true.”
“We do?” She arched a brow.
“Yes, I believe we both do.”
“Fine, whatever, as long as you stop paying attention to the voices in your head, then I don’t care.”
He watched her for a moment. The expression on her face was shy and sweet as she traced shapes on his stomach. She truly didn’t know how desirable she was. He would bet money that she didn’t think men noticed her and she’d probably broken a hundred hearts unintentionally up to this point. She was just so damn sweet and innocent, well except for in bed, of course. There she was eager, insatiable, and exciting. He never thought foreplay could be so pleasurable before. He had no doubt sex with her would be life-altering.
“You are so beautiful, Haley,” he said softly. He’d said that to other women before, but he’d never meant it more. She was beautiful inside and out.
Even in the dim light, he could see her blush and shyly averting her eyes. “Thank you,” she mumbled, sounding unsure. 
She truly didn’t realize how beautiful she was. That made her even more beautiful to him. He skimmed his hands up her belly until he was palming her breasts. He brushed his thumbs over her nipples, loving the way she licked her lips as she arched her back into his hold.
Haley began squirming on him, letting him know that she could feel his body harden. He loved the way she looked, the way she reacted, and he loved everything about her. She was the most precious thing in the world to him. So beautiful, so sweet, so giving and too damn good for him, but he was a selfish bastard and wouldn’t let her go.
Ever.
He slowly massaged her breasts while playing with her nipples, just enjoying the way she licked her lips, moaned and whimpered. His erection was pressed firmly against her. Her bottom nestled it very nicely and he loved the way it caressed him as she squirmed on him. He could feel her getting wet against his stomach.
“You want to try something different?” he asked in a husky voice.
She licked her lips slowly, nodding as she looked down at him with an expression of pure trust. It humbled him.
“Hold on,” Jason said as he pulled her down to him, kissing her slowly as he rolled them over until he was on top of her. He deepened the kiss as he pulled her knees over his shoulders, angling her where he needed her, giving him better access to her hot wet core.
 “Jason...” Haley said nervously.
“Shhh, don’t worry. No penetration,” he said against her mouth. “I just want you to feel how much I want you.” He settled himself more firmly between her legs, making sure his hard shaft was nestled between her warm wet folds.
He deepened the kiss as he pulled back and then slid forward, rubbing the underside of his cock against her hot wet core and clit. They moaned into each other’s mouths as he continued to grind against her. 
Haley’s moans echoed off the walls as Jason fought for control. His body screamed for him to arch back and slam into her, but Haley wanted to go slow. He would do anything for her, even torture himself with being so close to heaven and not going for it.
She fisted her hands in his hair as she licked and sucked his neck. He groaned loudly as he pressed himself more firmly against her and thrust harder. Haley’s grip in his hair tightened seconds before she started screaming his name. It triggered his own violent release.
“Haley...oh, Haley...I…oh, god, Haley!” he yelled while his mind shouted, “I love you” over and over again until he released her legs and lay bonelessly on top of her.
As he was gasping for air, he realized something. He was in deep shit. Haley was his life now. His woman. His heart.
He was so screwed.
Chapter 16
“Oh my God, stop eating that!” Haley said, trying not to laugh and failing miserably.
Jason popped the fudge brownie that he’d managed to steal in his mouth with a wink. With an exasperated sigh, she reached into the backseat to fix the plastic wrap on the plates of brownies, cookies, and cupcakes that he’d somehow managed to get his hands on.
“If you keep stealing food there won’t be any left for your family’s cookout,” she said, knowing that wasn’t a good enough reason to stop him from eating everything. She was willing to bet there wasn’t much that could come between him and food.
“But I love your cooking,” he mumbled sadly.
She rolled her eyes at his lame attempt. “Uh-huh.”
Well, at least I’m not touching the potato salad. You really should appreciate the little things in life, my little grasshopper.”
Haley scoffed in disbelief. “The only reason you’re not scarfing that down is because it’s in a cooler safely locked away in the trunk with the macaroni salad.”
His brows shot up. “There’s macaroni salad? Why was I not informed of this?”
“Probably because I wanted it to make it to your parents’ house before you devoured it.”
He shook his head, sighing, “So little trust.”
“You ate an entire bowl of cookie dough yesterday when I made the mistake of running out to the store without hiding it first. Seriously, I thought it would be safe.”
“You were wrong.”
“Your obsession with food is starting to scare me,” she said wryly.
“It’s not an obsession. I’m a growing boy, damn it.”
She raised one brow in disbelief. 
“Thank God we’re here. I’m starving,” Jason grumbled as he parked in the only empty spot on the street, which just happened to be in front of a large white Victorian house with black trim where a party was clearly being held.
They loaded their arms up with the food Haley made and headed for the front door. Once they made it to the front door, Jason moved to knock only to rethink his plan since his hands were full and lightly kicked the door. A few seconds later, the door was opened by an older woman with black hair. She took one look at Jason and smiled. 
“It’s my baby boy!” she announced loudly to the crowd in the house as she cupped his face and pulled him down to give him a sound kiss on the cheek. She stepped back only to notice Haley standing there. Her expression went from excited to stunned in a matter of seconds. 
Jason smiled sheepishly. “Mom, this is my girlfriend, Haley Blaine,” he said, gesturing towards her with the plate of brownies in his hand. “Haley, this is my mother, Megan Bradford.”
“It’s very nice to meet you, Mrs. Bradford,” Haley said, feeling a little awkward with his mother standing there gaping at her. Not that his mother seemed to be capable of responding or anything at the moment. Actually, Haley was starting to become a little concerned.
Was she breathing?
“Girlfriend?” Megan finally choked out.
“Yeah, why do you sound so–” Jason started to say only to be cut off by his mother when she yelled, “Jared!”
Haley shot a nervous look at Jason, who was muttering something about putting his mother in a nursing home that only served green Jell-O. She looked back at the door in time to see an older man, who was clearly Jason’s father judging by the almost identical features, step into the doorway. He smiled when he saw Jason.
“What’s going on?” his father asked.
“Mom’s freaking out,” Jason said. “Any chance we can get in there before my girlfriend’s arms fall off?”
The man noticeably started as he looked at Haley and then did a double-take.
“Girlfriend?” he asked in clear disbelief.
“Yes, Girlfriend!” Jason snapped, but his parents didn’t seem to notice since they were staring at her like they couldn’t quite believe what they were seeing. On top of that, her arms were starting to feel like they were really about to fall off.
“Ah, about to drop the cupcakes,” Haley mumbled as she tried to readjust the three plates in her arms.
“Oh, sorry,” Jared said with a sheepish smile as he reached over and relieved her of the cupcakes while his wife grabbed the plate of peanut butter chocolate chunk cookies from her.
Jared looked from her to the plate in his hands. “Where did you buy these? They look good,” he said as his hand expertly snuck beneath the plastic wrap and stole one. Ah, like father like son, Haley thought. She looked him over quickly. The man was clearly in great shape, a good sign for Jason since he couldn’t seem to stop eating.
“I made them,” Haley said, feeling a little embarrassed by all of the attention.
“You made these?” Jared asked with a cupcake in his hand.
She nodded.
“She’s a great cook,” Jason announced proudly.
Jared took a big bite, closed his eyes and made a yummy moaning sound. In seconds, he had the entire cupcake devoured. He reached out and snagged the second plate of cupcakes from Haley and headed back inside the house without a word.
“My cupcakes!” they heard him snap at someone. Haley just barely stopped herself from rolling her eyes. Definitely like father, like son. 
“Hey, old man, she made those for me!” Jason yelled, charging past his mother to go after the cupcakes, leaving Haley with Megan, who she’d like to point out, was still staring at her.
“Um, I have two more plates of cupcakes in the car. I didn’t think those two would survive the trip over here,” she said, feeling foolish. Perhaps she should go hang out in the car until after the party was over? Seven hours in a car with nothing to do sounded better than being gawked at, at the moment.
Megan’s eyes narrowed on her. “You’re really his girlfriend?”
“Yes.”
“This isn’t just some sick game he’s playing?”
“Uh, no...is there something wrong?” Haley couldn’t help but wonder.
“Nothing other than you are the first woman that he’s ever brought home and you’ll have to forgive me if I seem a little surprised. For a moment there, I’d thought hell had frozen over,” Megan said with a rueful shake of her head and a sigh as she put her arm around Haley’s shoulders and gave her a squeeze. “Now, let’s go in there and give everyone the shock of a lifetime.”
*-*-*-*
“Mom,” Jason growled in warning.
She ignored him. 
Again. 
He leaned forward and tried to grab the photo album off Haley’s lap only to have his hand slapped away by two women. 
“Damn it, mom! This is supposed to be a barbeque. Shouldn’t you be mingling and being a good hostess or something, instead of sitting here embarrassing me?”
“The hell with the barbeque! I’ve waited almost thirty years for my only child to bring home a woman and I’ll not be denied!” she snapped as several people around her smartly moved back while he just glared.
“Ah, you look so cute–”
“Naturally,” Jason said with a sniff.
“–playing dress up in your mother’s clothes,” Haley said with an evil little smile. He turned his glare on her. She simply smiled sweetly and returned her attention to the pictures that he planned on destroying later.
“Haley?”
She ignored him pointedly and laughed along with his mother.
“Haley, do you want to go get something to eat?”
“Huh? Oh, yeah, I could go for a burger and potato salad, thank you,” she said dismissively before laughing at something his mother was showing her.
“Oh, that sounds good. I’ll take the same. Thank you, sweetie. Oh, and get us each another soda since we seem to have run out,” Megan said, gesturing to their empty cups.
Where the hell was the adoration and love? His mother normally babied him. Hell, at this point, she was usually getting him his third plate of food and another drink. Let’s not forget Haley, who should be loading up a plate for herself with food for him to steal. What the hell was wrong with his women?
With a grumble, Jason walked into the kitchen, absently noting that food covered every surface and grabbed two plates off the counter. As he made up their plates, his father, who was licking frosting off his fingers, walked into the room with two of Jason’s uncles and three of his cousins. The bastard hid the cupcakes and wouldn’t share. When Haley made the mistake of mentioning the two plates of cupcakes still in her trunk, he ran for them with his father close behind. The man actually tackled him to the ground, stole his keys, and his beloved cupcakes. 
“Those were without a doubt the best cupcakes I’ve ever had,” his father announced happily.
“We wouldn’t know since you wouldn’t share any of them, you greedy bastard,” Uncle Chuck, his mother’s youngest brother said.
“I don’t share,” Jared said simply.
The men rolled their eyes.
“So,” his cousin Trevor said as he leaned back against the wall with his arms crossed over his massive chest, “how much did you pay her?”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Jason asked, placing the mustard back on the counter.
His other cousin Nate answered, “What he means is, why is she here? Did you pay her? Did she owe you a favor? We’re just wondering how you managed to get her here.”
Pissed, Jason snatched the ketchup bottle with more force than necessary and squeezed an insane amount on both burgers.
“She’s my girlfriend, plain and simple,” he bit out.
“Uh-huh,” his father muttered, clearly not believing him.
Jason slammed the bun on top of the burger, forcing ketchup out the sides. “What the hell is that supposed to mean? Why is it so hard for you bastards to believe that she’s my girlfriend?”
They took that as their cue to tell him exactly why they didn’t think Haley was his girlfriend.
“She’s too nice.”
“Too sweet.”
“Nothing at all like the skanks you normally date.”
“She doesn’t come off as a brainless bitch like the girls you took to the clubs.”
“She doesn’t annoy the shit out of us.”
“Plus, there is that whole thing where you’ve never claimed to have a girlfriend before, never told us about her, and gave your mother and me the surprise of a lifetime when you announced her earlier. So, you can see why we’re curious,” his father finished with a shrug.
“Plus, she’s clearly too good for you,” Uncle Mark added for good measure. “That’s my main reason for not believing this bullshit story.”
Well, that...hurt. Not that he could argue that she was too good for him. She was. There was no question about that. What really hurt was that they didn’t believe him. He was known for being an asshole, not a liar. There was a big difference as far as he was concerned.
His mother chose that moment to walk in the kitchen, smiling. Thank God. She’d put an end to all this nonsense.
“Do you need help with those burgers, sweetie?” she asked, frowning down at the hamburger he’d squished into a pancake. She lightly tsked him as she threw away the burgers and started over.
“I’m glad you’re here, Mom,” Jason said as she shot him a warm smile.
While looking pointedly at the men of his family, he asked her, “What do you think of Haley?”
Her smile grew. “Oh, she’s such a sweet girl. I’m so glad you brought her. I just wish that you would date a girl like her instead of the girls you find at bars, sweetie. A woman like that is just what you need. I’m sure if you straighten out your act a bit that you could get a woman like Haley one–”
The men laughed.
Bastards!
Jason held up a hand. “Whoa, whoa, whoa, woman, back up there a second. I bring a woman home and introduce her as my girlfriend and you’re giving me a lecture on how to get her to go out with me? Are you serious?”
She blinked up at him. “Well, yes. I’ve heard about some of those girls you date, sweetie, and while I appreciate the fact that you’ve never brought any of them home to meet me, I would really like to see you with someone. It would be nice if you considered dating Haley. She’s such a nice woman.”
He thrust his hands into his hair. This was insane! Was this what normally took place when a man brought a woman home to meet his family? He was pretty sure that it wasn’t. God, this was worse than when he’d met Haley’s family.
“Shouldn’t you be getting all excited and trying to push for marriage and grandbabies at this point?” he asked, not really wanting to encourage his mother to do that, but that’s what happened when Brad brought Jill home to meet his family six years ago. 
Megan looked thoughtful for a moment. “You know, I probably would if I thought you were serious about dating Haley. She’s a very nice woman and I think she would do you a world of good.” She smiled excitedly. “Are you thinking of asking her out?”
“Why the hell would I have to ask my girlfriend out? She’s already going out with me. What is wrong with you people?”
She rolled her eyes as she playfully slapped his shoulder. “Oh, honey, you don’t have to keep pretending. I’m glad you have a friend like Haley. Everyone thinks she’s great.” She tapped a finger to her chin, looking thoughtful. “Of course, your Aunt Ruth has been pushing her towards Jeff for the past ten minutes and Chris and David have been trying to ask her out for the past hour. I mean, clearly, she’s a catch. What I don’t understand is–”
Jason cut her off. “Men from my own family are hitting on my girlfriend?”
“They’ve been hitting on your friend,” his mother clarified, sounding annoyed as though he was the one messing with her head. Seriously, what was wrong with his family? Why was it so hard for them to believe that Haley was his girlfriend?
“Actually,” Trevor said a bit sheepishly, “I was going to ask her if she wanted to catch a movie and dinner after the party.”
Jason’s jaw dropped so fast that he was surprised the damn thing hadn’t unhinged. He quickly recovered so that he could threaten his cousin. “You stay the hell away from my girlfriend!” he said, pointing before he turned his finger on the rest of his family. “Just know that at this moment, I hate you all.” They rolled their eyes. His finger stopped in front of his father. He narrowed his eyes on his old man. “And I’m never sharing any more of Haley’s baked goods with you!”
Jared gasped. “But...but...but...”
With that, Jason stormed out of the kitchen. He just thanked God his friends were there for him because clearly, his family wasn’t. Was it really so hard to believe that he could land a woman like Haley?
Chapter 17
“Let me get this straight,” Brad said, putting his beer on the ground between his feet. “You took Haley to meet your family without any type of warning and you were surprised when they didn’t believe that she was your girlfriend?”
“Yes!”
“Well, I can see why they didn’t believe you,” Mitch said as he snagged another beer out of the ice bucket.
“Oh, and why is that?” Jason demanded as he stole the beer out of Mitch’s hands.
Mitch grumbled something, but smartly let it go. He grabbed another beer and popped the top. 
“Well, wasn’t your mother getting on your case about settling down?” Brad asked.
“Yes, and you would think she’d be happy that I brought Haley home.”
Brad nodded. “And for the past year, hasn’t she been threatening to find someone for you?”
“Yes, but–”
“And every time you went over there for dinner, party, or a cookout, hasn’t your mother had several women on hand to meet you?” Brad continued.
“Yes, but–”
“Did she have any women at the BBQ for you to meet?” Mitch asked.
“Five or six, I guess,” Jason said, shrugging it off. He hadn’t really paid attention to any of them other than to duck out of the way when they came looking for him. Just like every other time, his mother tried to play matchmaker, she’d chosen needy, well more like clingy, desperate women who had no other interest other than themselves and finding a boyfriend to nag to death.
Both of his friends sucked in a breath. “Shit!”
“That must have pissed Haley off,” Brad said with a sympathetic wince.
“I don’t think she had time to notice. Not with half the men in my family hitting on her,” Jason bit out angrily.
“That’s fucked up,” Mitch said, nodding in agreement. 
It was pretty fucked up. No one listened to him. It was one of the most annoying parties he’d ever been to. When he wasn’t trying to get away from the women that his mother had invited with the sole purpose of marrying him off, he’d been busy getting into arguments with whatever bastard in his family was asking for Haley’s phone number.
Like every single other time, Haley was completely oblivious to it. Every time he pulled her aside to talk to her about it, she just laughed until tears were rolling down her face and she could barely catch her breath while he stood there, glaring down at her. When they returned to the room, it was obvious that she’d cried and every man would glare at him. They’d acted like Haley needed protection from him.
It should have been painfully obvious to everyone at the party how he felt about Haley. He made no secret that she was his world, not that anyone believed him. Why was it so hard to believe that he’d straightened out for Haley? He didn’t think it was difficult to believe. Even if he wasn’t constantly hugging her, putting his arm around her, holding her hand, or trying to kiss her, he told them, but had that stopped any of those bastards from trying to make a move on her? 
“Your family probably thought you’d brought Haley there as a decoy to get your mother to stop harassing you about settling down and used her as an excuse to avoid the women desperate to get your attention,” Mitch pointed out.
Jason crushed his empty beer can and tossed it into the bucket he’d placed the corner of his deck. It should be more than obvious to everyone that he’d changed. Hell, a year ago, he would have had Mitch toss that beer can up in the air so he could shoot it with his paintball gun. Didn’t it strike any of his friends as odd that not only had he tossed it into a bucket, but that his deck and patio furniture were also cleaned and repaired, his lawn freshly mowed, and that his house was clean? Those were big goddamn changes in his book.
“That’s what I was thinking,” Brad said, tossing his can at the bucket and missed. It landed on Jason’s freshly cut lawn. With a murderous glare, Jason gestured angrily for him to pick it up. With a roll of his eyes and a heavy sigh, Brad did just that.
“Whatever. This is really boring sitting around here talking about relationships like we’re a bunch of middled-aged women. Let’s get the hell out of here,” Mitch said, sighing heavily as he stood up.
Brad and Jason shared a look, shrugged, and got to their feet. What the hell, it wasn’t like they had anything better to do since Jill was off with a client and Haley was off hitting yard sales.
“Great, let’s go hit the strip clubs,” Mitch said, sighing dreamily.
“Whoa there, Skippy,” Jason said, coming to a sudden halt. “That shit isn’t happening.”
“What the hell do you mean?” Mitch asked, sounding like a petulant child. “I want to go stare at hot chicks getting naked.”
“I’m out as well,” Brad announced, not that it was really necessary. The man hadn’t been to a strip club since he’d met Jill. 
“Come on, it’s Tuesday. It’s all you can eat hot wings at the Hot Bunny Club. We can go there, fill up, and get a few lap dances. We could probably hook up with Candy and Mandy afterward. What’s more fun than stripper sex?” 
Jason could only stare at his friend for a moment. Mitch was serious, really serious.
“Have you forgotten about something?” Jason asked slowly.
Frowning, Mitch said, “What?”
“I have a girlfriend!” Jason snapped, quickly losing his patience. “Why in the hell would I want to pay some woman to show me something I’m not interested in when I’m dating Haley? And why in the hell would you think I wanted to cheat on my girlfriend?”
If humanly possible, Mitch looked even more confused. “How is it cheating if you’re not married?” 
Brad and Jason just stared at Mitch. What the hell was he supposed to say to that? Actually, it worried him that not even a year ago he would have been on Mitch’s side of this argument. That was truly frightening.
Hell, he would have been the one starting that argument before Haley. 
Wow...just wow... 
It wasn’t exactly the best feeling in the world to discover how much of an asshole he’d once been. He’d really changed since Haley came into his life, and shockingly, for the better.  Surprisingly, he didn’t feel pissed off or scared that she’d been able to bring out these changes in him. 
“Come on, man! Come with me. It’ll be fun,” Mitch pleaded.
Jason grabbed a fresh beer and dropped back into his chair. 
“What the hell, Jason?” Mitch whined.
Shrugging, Jason took a sip of his beer.
Mitch folded his arms stubbornly over his chest while he scowled at Jason. “I never thought this day would come,” Mitch said with a snort of disgust.
“Oh, and what day is that exactly?” Jason asked as he leaned his head back to catch some sun. Anything was better than watching a grown man pout.
“The day Jason Bradford became pussy-whipped,” Mitch announced, earning a chuckle from Brad.
Jason threw Brad a killing glare, but the man ignored him. So, he focused his attention on the little bastard who was obviously drunk or possibly high, probably both.
He snorted. “I’m not pussy-whipped,” he said, since he’d done everything but slide into that little piece of heaven, he didn’t think the term applied to him. The things they’d done together made him stifle back a groan. He loved what they did and at the same time, he absolutely hated it. 
Having Haley, but not having her was difficult as hell. For any other woman, he would have simply shrugged at the “no actual sex” rule and walked away. But for Haley, there wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do. She was the love of his life, his future, and the woman he planned on spending the rest of his life with. 
So, for now, he’d grit his teeth and fight against the urge to jump her every time he saw her. His little grasshopper wanted to stick with foreplay, so that’s exactly what they were going to do. As long as she kept doing that unbelievably erotic thing with her tongue and teeth along the ridge of his–
“I’m surprised he’s not panting after her right now,” Mitch said, yanking Jason away from his thoughts of Haley, naked, bending over and…
He shifted uncomfortably in his seat as discreetly as possible.
“We don’t spend every minute of the day together,” Jason shot back.
Mitch shrugged. “Pretty much.”
“Well, I’m not with her right now, am I?” Jason snapped back.
“Probably because she didn’t want you with her,” Mitch said, snagging another beer. “She’s probably getting sick of you.”
Jason snorted. Then for good measure, he snorted again. His little grasshopper wasn’t getting sick of him. He was damn sure of that. She absolutely adored and loved him. He knew it, even if the stubborn woman hadn’t said it yet, but she would. Then he’d tell her how much he loved her, but only after she told him because he really didn’t want to feel like an idiot for saying it first. He’d never told a woman that he loved her before and had absolutely no idea how to go about doing it now. So, the safe plan was to wait until Haley said it first.
No, the reason he was hanging out with the guys today wasn’t because she was getting sick of him. It was quite simple. He was banned from going yard sale hopping with her for one year. Not that he cared, he didn’t. It did seem a little unfair to him, that’s all. It’s not like he intentionally went out of his way to embarrass Haley. Those things just seemed to happen to everyone around him. Most accepted that little fact of life, but that hadn’t stopped Haley from banning him.
He may have told one, or six, people that the stuff they were trying to hawk on their front lawns was crap and all of a sudden, he’s banned. Well, that and the box of antique dishes that he broke might have had something to do with it. He didn’t know why the guy was pissed. He gave him the fifty bucks for the broken dishes. He should be the one that was mad after all, he was the one who was out fifty bucks for a set of broken girly dishes. 
“I bet Haley’s off with another guy right now–Ow! What the hell?” Mitch whined as he rubbed the nasty looking red spot on his forehead that would no doubt be a noticeable bump by morning.
Brad sighed as he picked up Jason’s half-empty can of beer when it rolled to a stop by his feet. He poured the rest of the beer onto the lawn as he shook his head in disbelief. “You knew better,” he told a sulking Mitch.
“I was just kidding!”
Brad shrugged.
“That’s fucked up!” Mitch snapped.
“Don’t talk about my little grasshopper,” Jason simply said. The man should be happy that all he did was throw his beer at him. 
Mitch grabbed a handful of ice from the bucket and pressed it against his forehead. “She’s not even that beautiful,” he muttered quietly to himself.
Jason was out of his chair and lunging for the little bastard before the last syllable left his mouth. Brad being Brad, dropped his beer and jumped between the two of them seconds before Jason would have slammed into him. All three men fell off the deck and hit the ground with Brad doing his best to stop Jason from killing Mitch.
“Get him off me!” Mitch screamed like a girl as he tried frantically to crawl away. With Brad on his back trying his best to hold him back, Jason lunged and managed to grab Mitch’s leg and proceeded to drag the man closer so that he could beat the shit out of him.
“For fuck’s sake, take it back!” Brad yelled as he struggled to restrain Jason.
“Aaah!” Mitch screamed as he was dragged inch by inch towards a future in a body cast. He tried to dig his nails into the lawn to no avail.
“I didn’t mean it like that! She’s hot! Insanely beautiful! I just meant that you’ve dated really beautiful women before and you’ve never acted like this before! Oh my God, don’t kill me!” The words rushed out of Mitch’s mouth, ending on a squeal as Jason dragged him beneath him, flipped him over, and raised his fist, ready to beat the crap out of one of his best friends.
Mitch held his hands up, palms out, trying to get Jason to stop. “I swear to God, I didn’t mean it! I love her!” At Jason’s growl, Mitch rushed to continue. “Not like that! I love her like a friend! I think she’s great! I swear I didn’t mean it!”
“I told you not to tease him about her,” Brad groaned as he tried to pull Jason off, but Jason outweighed him by a good thirty pounds of muscle, so he barely managed to jostle him.
Jason watched his friend through narrowed slits as he fought back the urge to beat the shit out of him. This was one of his oldest friends and part of him knew that Mitch was only giving him shit, but he would never allow anyone to treat his little grasshopper with anything but respect.
With barely suppressed rage, Jason took a deep breath before he spoke. “Let’s clear this up once and for all.” At Mitch’s enthusiastic nod, probably because if Jason was talking it meant he wasn’t beating the crap out of him, he continued. “Haley is my world,” he said, ignoring Mitch’s eyes going wide at that announcement. “Because we’ve been friends since we were five, I’m going to overlook this little act of stupidity.” Mitch noticeably relaxed at that announcement. “As long as you stop ogling my girlfriend’s ass.”
Mitch pursed his lips, thinking over the ultimatum. After a minute, he dropped his arms by his sides and sighed, “I’d rather get my ass kicked.”
Chapter 18
“Baby, stop!” Haley said, giggling.
Jason’s arms tightened around her waist, keeping her from walking away. “Stay home with me. I missed you,” he said, giving her his best pout.
She gently ran her fingers through his hair the way he liked it. “I’m sorry, sweetie, but I can’t back out again. I promised Amy and the girls that I was coming tonight.”
There was no way that she could stay home tonight. Over the past week, she’d come so close to wrecking the surprise that she’d been planning for the past month by telling him everything. She knew that if she stayed home tonight that the excitement would get to her and she’d blurt it out and ruin everything.
Of course, none of this would have been possible without her grandmother’s help. A few times, Haley had considered giving up when money became an issue, but then Grandma offered to help her. She’d somehow managed to find the perfect place at less than half the cost of every place Haley had looked at.
It was the first time Haley had ever accepted her grandmother’s help. It had always been important for her to make it on her own without her family. For Jason, she’d sucked up her pride and asked Grandma to help her find the perfect cottage to rent and now, everything was going to be perfect.
“Does it even matter that I’m on my knees begging you? You’re really going to be able to leave someone this pathetic?” he demanded in a sulky tone.
Haley rolled her eyes as she gently pried his arms from around her waist. “It’s just for a couple of hours. You won’t even know I’m gone,” she promised him.
He sat back on his haunches, doing his best to look pathetic. 
She did her best not to roll her eyes again. It was just so damn cute and sweet that he didn’t want to spend even one night without her. This was something she’d never expected from Jason Bradford, one of many things actually. He was so sweet and attentive.
“What if I promise to make you a batch of brownies tomorrow?” she asked, deciding to use his love of baked goods against him.
He snorted in disbelief as he got to his feet. “I’m not some whore you can buy with a pan of yummy baked goods, woman. How dare you insult me?” Jason said on a sniff as he folded his arms over his chest and did his best to look upset.
“Fine,” Haley said with a sigh. “What if I promise to make a big bowl of frosting tomorrow and let you lick it off me?”
She had to bite back a smile as Jason shifted anxiously while he licked his lips and ran his eyes hungrily down her body. “Buttercream?” he croaked.
“Mmmmhmm,” she said, walking over to him. She cupped the back of his head and gently tugged him down for a quick kiss. “And if you’re good, I might lick some off you,” she said, loving the idea.
“Get your own bowl of frosting. I don’t share,” he simply said, giving her one last kiss before walking out the door, whistling happily, no doubt thinking about the large bowl of frosting that he was going to devour tomorrow.
With a smile, she grabbed her small black purse and headed out the door. She wasn’t too surprised to find Jason playing basketball with Mitch and Brad. Not that she would ever really expect it, but it was nice to know that he’d pick her over his friends. She wasn’t the type of woman that expected a guy’s attention twenty-four-seven, but it was nice to know that it was hers if she wanted it.
She blew a kiss in his direction and couldn’t help but laugh when Mitch jumped in front of Jason to snag it.
“That was my kiss, you bastard!” Jason yelled, placing Mitch in a chokehold and taking him down to the ground while Brad stood by sighing.
He really was a sweetheart. Maybe she’d make him a big batch of fudge brownies to go along with that bowl of frosting. 
“And stop looking at her ass!” Jason snapped.
*-*-*-*
“Oh my God, I can’t believe you came,” Amy said, leaning back in her chair as she watched Haley approach the table.
“He’s probably following right behind her,” Sarah pointed out with a laugh.
“Ha, ha, very funny,” Haley said, taking the only empty seat at the table as her four friends and a woman she had never met before gave her knowing looks.
 Amy gestured to the new woman. “This is my friend, Kate. Kate, this is Haley, the woman I told you about.”
Frowning, Haley reached over to shake the woman’s well-manicured hand. She couldn’t help but wonder what Amy had said about her. Thankfully, she didn’t have to wonder for long.
“So, this is the woman that brought Jason Bradford to his knees?” Kate asked, cocking her head to the side as she ran an assessing eye over Haley. Haley didn’t miss the woman’s lips twitching when she came to her glasses. Obviously, the woman thought she came up short.
Haley didn’t care what this woman thought. It wasn’t the first time someone had a hard time believing that she was with Jason and probably wouldn’t be the last. There was no denying that she wasn’t Jason’s usual type. She hadn’t lived next door to the man for five years without learning a thing or two. Granted, she never saw the women until after he’d dumped them and they were drunk screaming messes, but it was pretty easy to guess his type. 
The old Jason, as she liked to think of the not so sweet Jason, used to drive her insane and liked women who were a walking breathing advertisement for sex. Kind of like Kate, Haley thought with an inward groan. With her perfect silky long raven hair, makeup that made her look sultry, clothes that were a little too tight and showed off way too much, Kate was definitely the old Jason’s type.
Judging by the smug smirk on the woman’s face, she knew exactly what Haley was thinking.
“How long have the two of you been together?” Kate asked casually, but Haley hadn’t missed the calculating gleam in her eyes.
Before she could tell her that it was none of her business, Amy answered for her, “About two months.”
The surprised look on Kate’s face was rewarding. She knew she’d lasted longer with Jason than any other woman, surprisingly, since she’d never put out. Well, she did do a thousand and one naughty things with him and kept his interest with baked goods, but that was neither here nor there. She was pretty sure that he really cared about her, maybe even loved her. 
Okay, love might be pushing it for a man like Jason, but she was pretty damn sure that he cared about her. He was always sweet to her and seemed genuinely happy to see her. Not to mention that he went out of his way to spend time with her. She wasn’t entirely sure, but she didn’t think he’d done that with anyone before her.
“That’s pretty impressive,” Kate mumbled distractedly.
Amy waved off her comment, leaning closer towards Haley with an unholy gleam in her eye. “Well?” she said expectantly.
Haley could only frown as she looked past her friend for the waitress. Suddenly she had the feeling that the only way that she was going to survive this girl’s night out was with a lot of alcohol.
She looked back and was startled to find Beth, Alice, and Jen leaning towards her with knowing looks. 
“Well, what?” Haley asked, wondering if she needed to start drug testing her friends. They were seriously freaking her out.
As one, they rolled their eyes. It was seriously creepy. Haley barely fought back the urge to flee.
“Have you slept with him yet?” Amy hissed excitedly.
 “Oh...that,” Haley said, squirming in her chair and feeling a little self-conscious. “We sleep together every night,” she said, hoping against hope that they’d drop the subject, especially with the way Kate was glaring at her.
Beth snorted. “We know that you sleep together. What we’re wondering is if you’ve finally had sex with the man!”
Her cheeks began to burn. 
Kate looked confused. “She just said she’s sleeping with him.”
Amy leaned back in her chair, taking a sip of her martini. “Haley here doesn’t have sex with a man unless she’s in love with him, right?” she said, giving Haley a pointed look.
Why oh, why had she shared that little tidbit of information all those years ago in college? Oh, that’s right, because she’d been drunk. 
She squirmed uncomfortably in her seat. “I just want to be sure,” Haley mumbled pathetically.
Kate sat up straighter, holding her hand up to stop Haley’s friends as they opened their mouths to no doubt give her another lecture on sex in the twenty-first century. None of them understood why she wanted to wait.
“You’ve kept Jason Bradford interested for two months and you haven’t even had sex with him?” Kate asked, clearly as surprised as her friends were.
“Yes,” Haley said somewhat defensively. “Our relationship isn’t about sex.”
Kate sat back, back to giving her a condescending look. “Clearly.”
Haley opened her mouth to give the woman a piece of her mind when Beth cut her off. 
“Oh, look at that,” Beth said, gesturing with her frilly pink drink towards the entrance of the bar. Everyone looked and chuckled, and for once, Haley was glad that they lived in a small town.
Jason spotted her and waved and then, of course, slapped Mitch upside his head when the man blew her a kiss. Rolling her eyes, Haley stood up and grabbed her purse.
“I’ll be right back,” Haley said, not really sure if she would. She really didn’t feel like spending the night getting hounded over her virginity again. 
“Uh-huh,” Beth said.
“Sure,” Amy said. 
Haley didn’t bother arguing with them. She wasn’t in the mood. All she wanted to do was cuddle with Jason while he fed her hot wings. Was that too much to ask for?
She walked over to their table. Jason paused mid-order when he saw her. Frowning, he asked the waitress to come back in a few minutes.
“What’s wrong, my little grasshopper?” Jason asked, pulling her against his side.
“Girl’s night sucks,” Haley mumbled pathetically against his shoulder. 
He chuckled, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. 
“Do you want to join guy’s night?” he asked, sounding amused.
After a short pause, she asked, “Do I have to have a penis?”
“I think we can ignore that requirement tonight,” Jason said, chuckling.
“Will you buy me hot wings?” Haley mumbled, tracing circles on his knee.
He sighed heavily. “If I must.”
“You must,” she said, nodding solemnly.
“Anything else?”
She shook her head. “No, that will do,” she announced, leaning over to press a kiss to his cheek.
“I’ll order you hot wings if you kiss me,” Mitch offered. “In fact, if you kiss my-Ow! Damn it!” he snapped, glaring at Brad.
Brad gestured towards Jason with his beer. “It saves time this way.”
Laughing and feeling better already, she gave Jason one last kiss before heading to the bathroom, where she would no doubt spend half the night just waiting in line.
Chapter 19
“Did you just growl?” Mitch asked, laughing.
Jason tore his eyes off his little grasshopper’s retreating ass and sent a scowl towards the man. “No.” But he had. Oh goddamn, he had. He’d imagined licking frosting off Haley in a hundred different ways since she’d offered.
Licking frosting off a woman was a simple fantasy, one he’d dreamed of doing for years, but hadn’t found the right woman to share it with. There was no doubt that he could have asked any one of the countless women he’d slept with in the past to live out this fantasy with him before, but he’d never felt comfortable enough with any of them to ask.
With Haley...
There wasn’t anything that he couldn’t talk about with her. In fact, he’d mentioned this fantasy to her only last week. After she’d playfully teased him for a good hour about it, she swore she’d let him lick anything he wanted off her body. Anytime. Thirty seconds later, he’d been struggling to get his damn legs in his pants and mentally making a shopping list when she walked back into his bedroom wearing a smile and a whip cream bikini. 
He may have tackled her to the ground and licked every damn creamy morsel off her before he threw his giggling grasshopper over his shoulder and carried her to the refrigerator where he proceeded to put all the sundae toppings he had to good use.
God, he loved that woman.
“Excuse me? Do you remember me?” a beautiful woman with silky black hair asked, tearing him from his thoughts.
Jason looked at her and frowned. He didn’t have a clue who the hell she was, and judging by the appreciative look Mitch was sending her way, his friend wouldn’t mind getting to know her better.
“No, I’m sorry,” Jason said, taking a sip of his beer.
Her coy smile faltered for a second, and then it was back in full force. Without asking, she pulled out the chair to his left and sat down, making sure to lean forward enough to give him a view of her generous cleavage. She reached forward to run her fingers down his arm only to find his arm pulled back.
“Can I help you?” Jason asked, feeling all his good humor fade away. There was no doubt this woman had seen Haley with him only a few minutes ago. It’s funny how once upon a time, he would have found this woman’s assertive behavior flattering and probably would have ditched his date for her, but now he was with Haley. It pissed him off to no end that women took one look at his little grasshopper and dismissed her as though she was nothing. 
“Well,” she said, drawing out the word as she shifted in her chair, giving him a better glimpse of her breasts, “I was over there with my friends and funny enough, you were the topic of conversation. Then suddenly, you were here, and I couldn’t help but feel that fate was telling me that you and I should be spending a long sleepless night in my bed tonight,” she said in a husky voice.
“Holy shit,” Mitch muttered, taking a much-needed sip of beer.
“Weren’t you sitting with Haley’s friends?” Brad pointed out, sounding as pissed as Jason felt.
She shrugged Brad’s comment off. “I’m sitting with my friend,” she stressed. “I would never be friends with someone as cold as Haley.”
With that announcement, all three men broke out laughing. Haley was many things, but cold? Hell, no.
She may still be a bit of a pushover, but only because she truly cared about not hurting other people’s feelings. That was something they needed to work on, but he was willing to overlook it for now.
The woman glared at him as she crossed her arms over her ample chest, giving him what was probably her best bitch look. 
“I wonder how you would feel if you found out that you were being played,” she snapped.
“Oh, and who’s playing me?” Jason asked, still chuckling.
“Haley,” she said.
“You can go now,” Jason said, gesturing with his beer for her to leave. Damn, women truly could be cold-hearted bitches. Putting down his little grasshopper for a chance at him was low. It was understandable but low.
She cocked her head to the side, studying him. “Oh, really? Don’t think she’s playing with you?”
“Would never happen,” Jason said, gesturing again for her to leave. Even Mitch looked like he wanted her to leave and that was saying something. The man usually wasn’t so selective about his bed partners and for him to want an easy woman to leave said a great deal about how he felt about Haley. Jason knew the man was starting to see Haley as a sister otherwise, he’d have to bitch slap him.
“Then why hasn’t she slept with you yet?” she asked, grinning smugly.
Everything in him froze with that question. His eyes darted over to his two friends to see that both men were staring at him, clearly shocked.
“You have absolutely no idea what the hell you’re talking about,” Jason snapped, trying to ignore the dread that was settling in his stomach.
They’d been together for two months and never once had he pushed or questioned her about her refusal to sleep with him. Even during those times when he’d thought he’d die if he didn’t slide inside her, he’d held back. He’d assumed she just wanted to take it slow, make sure that he wasn’t going to be an asshole and drop her ass when he got bored with her. Suddenly he wished he’d asked her why she wouldn’t sleep with him the first and only time she’d brought it up instead of just being happy that she was giving him a chance.
“Oh? I happen to know that she hasn’t slept with you and has no plans to. She’s playing you right now. According to her, you just don’t measure up to her standards.”
Mitch laughed it off. “Sweetheart, go try and play someone else. You have no fucking idea what you’re talking about.”
She cocked a perfectly trimmed eyebrow at him as she stood up. “Don’t I? I know she won’t sleep with him because she’s not in love with him,” she announced triumphantly, causing the air in his lungs to leave him in a rush.
“When you get tired of being played with, give me a call,” she said, pushing a folded napkin towards him.
He was barely aware of what Mitch and Brad said to her or Mitch grabbing the napkin and tearing it up. 
Haley didn’t love him.
“Jason, you don’t look so good, man,” Mitch said, getting up and taking the seat the cold-hearted bitch had just vacated. He grabbed the pitcher of beer and filled Jason’s glass. “Take a drink,” he said, shoving the glass at him until he had little choice but to do exactly that.
“Look, I don’t know what bullshit she was spewing, but I do know that Haley absolutely adores you,” Mitch said in a reassuring voice, scaring the hell out of him. Mitch wouldn’t try comforting him unless it was bad.
“He’s right,” Brad easily agreed. “She’s obviously trying to start some shit for Haley. Just ignore her bullshit. She doesn’t know what she’s talking about.”
Jason forced a smile. “Maybe you’re right.”
Mitch snorted. “Of course, we’re right. Anyone who’s been around the two of you the last two months knows that the two of you can’t keep your hands off each other.”
But they hadn’t made love, Jason thought bitterly. She’d done everything with him but that, and now Jason had a sneaking suspicion the reason behind it was no longer so simple.
“Did you order hot wings?” Haley asked, wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing a sweet kiss to his cheek.
Brad sent him an “I told you so,” look over his beer.
“No, not yet,” Jason said, putting his beer down so that he could take her hand into his. His eyes shot past Haley to the table of women who were looking this way and laughing. His jaw clenched almost painfully at the idea of Haley playing him.
Haley, of course, was oblivious to everything including the change in his mood. “Well, I’m going to go place an order at the bar then. I’ll be right back.”
“Okay,” Jason said, unable to take his eyes off the women laughing at him. 
Mitch and Brad followed his gaze. 
“Don’t tell Haley this, but most of her friends are bitches,” Mitch said, pouring the last of the beer into his cup.
Normally he’d agree with that, but right now, he had a sinking feeling that he was the brunt of a joke. He really couldn’t help but feel that Haley might have been playing him this whole time.
There was only one way to find out, and tonight he was afraid he’d get his answers one way or another.
“Don’t fuck this up,” Brad said, no doubt reading the determined expression on his face correctly. “I don’t know what’s going on between you and Haley, but those women are clearly out to fuck her over. Please don’t screw yourself over in the process.”
Jason didn’t answer right away. He slowly drained the rest of his glass. Finally, he put the glass back on the table and sat back, allowing his eyes to search out his little grasshopper. She was at the bar laughing at something the bartender said. 
He didn’t know what the hell he would do if he found out that his little grasshopper was playing him, but tonight he was going to find out.
Chapter 20
“Baby, are you okay?”
Jason looked down at her and smiled. “I’m fine,” he said, putting his arm around her and pulling her tightly against him as he led her towards her house. 
Without a word, he unlocked her door. Haley tossed her purse on the coffee table and headed for her bedroom, more than ready to get out of her high heels and skirt. 
“Haley?” Jason said, stopping her.
She leaned against the wall as she took her shoes off. “Yes?”
He ran a hand through his hair. “I was wondering if you wanted to go for a swim,” he said, but Haley couldn’t help but feel like that wasn’t what he’d wanted to say. 
Ever since she came back from the bathroom, she couldn’t help but notice that Jason was acting differently. He seemed genuinely upset but denied it anytime she’d asked. Mitch and Brad were surprisingly tightlipped about it. Every now and then, she’d find both men sending killing glares towards her friends. 
More than once, she’d caught her friends watching them and laughing. She knew it was ridiculous, but she couldn’t help feeling a little paranoid. It was probably nothing. 
“A swim sounds like fun,” Haley said, deciding that she’d rather forget about everything else but Jason. “I’ll meet you at the pool in ten minutes.”
“Okay,” Jason said, sounding a little sad, at least she thought he had. 
She was being ridiculous, she decided.
Fifteen minutes later, she shut the sliding glass door behind her just as Jason broke the water’s surface. Even in the dim moonlight, Jason was breathtaking. She watched the muscles in his arms flex as he ran his fingers through his short hair. 
“The water’s great,” Jason said, gesturing for her to join him.
She took her glasses off and wished she’d turned on the outside lights as her vision dimmed and became fuzzy. Trying not to stumble, Haley carefully walked the five feet to the patio table and placed her glasses down. 
Unfortunately for her, the time it took to put her glasses down hadn’t helped her eyes adjust to the dim light. She didn’t want to wreck a romantic midnight swim by throwing on the floodlights, but she also didn’t think falling flat on her face was exactly romantic either.
Why couldn’t she have been a candidate for laser eye surgery? 
Haley sighed heavily as she turned around, fully prepared to throw on the floodlights and wreck another romantic evening thanks to her poor eyesight when strong wet arms scooped her up.
“Don’t worry, my little grasshopper, I’ve got you,” Jason whispered, pressing a kiss to her forehead.
“Maybe we should turn on the lights,” she grumbled unhappily. “I can’t see a thing,” she admitted quietly, feeling her cheeks burn with embarrassment. It was just another reminder that she wasn’t sexy or desirable. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to you,” Jason promised as he carried her to the pool and helped her into the lukewarm water. 
While Jason lowered himself into the pool, she dove beneath the water to wet her hair. When she came back up ten feet away, she smoothed her hair back and squinted.
“Jason?” Haley said, trying to separate him from the rest of the dim shadows. She really couldn’t see anything out here. Maybe she should-
A small startled scream escaped her as his arms wrapped around her and pulled her back. Jason chuckled softly in her ear. “Did I scare you?”
“No,” she lied.
“I’m sorry,” Jason said, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. “Do you forgive me?” 
She huffed out a breath. “No.”
“What if I promise not to do it again?” he asked, sounding amused.
“I’d break out the fists of fury because we both know you’d be lying.”
“We wouldn’t want that.” He chuckled. 
“No,” Haley sniffed, “we wouldn’t.”
“Then perhaps you’ll let me make it up to you with a kiss?” he said, already pressing wet kisses to her neck. Closing her eyes, she leaned her head back to give him better access.
“I suppose that would be acceptable,” Haley said, biting back a small moan of pleasure as Jason ran his hands down her hips and over her thighs before bringing them back up again. 
“That’s very kind of you,” Jason whispered hoarsely, tracing his tongue up her neck. He took her earlobe between his lips and gently nipped it.
His hands skimmed up her sides teasingly, ending just below her breasts before they glided back down to her hips. Haley reached up with one hand and gripped his wet hair, yanking him down for the kiss he’d promised her.
He devoured her mouth on contact. His tongue pushed its way inside her mouth and she welcomed it, suckled it, loving the way he groaned with every little teasing lick and suckle.
Feeling a little daring, she reached up with her free hand and released the front knot that held her bikini top closed. Releasing his hair, she shrugged the top off, letting it fall between their bodies. 
Her nipples hardened instantly from the combination of water, the cool air teasing her skin, and desire for this man. It felt so good, but she needed more. Placing her hands over his where they still rested on her hips, she gently tugged them up, gliding them over her wet body until they were where she wanted them, needed them.
Jason’s long, pained moan sent shivers throughout her body. She arched into his hands, loving the way they weighed her breasts, squeezed, and caressed them. When he ran his palms over her hard nipples, she sucked on his tongue, making him groan loudly as his hands closed around her breasts and squeezed.
“Jason,” she mumbled desperately against his mouth. She needed more. Needed him. 
He broke the kiss and turned her in his arms. His mouth slammed down on hers as he yanked her against him. She loved the way his hard chest felt against her breasts, but she loved the feeling of his hard erection straining against her even more.
She reached between them and cupped him, running her fingers teasingly up his long length until she found the large velvety head poking out the top of his swim trunks. She cupped the tip in her hand, running her thumb over it, spreading the few drops of excitement that leaked out. 
Jason broke away from her mouth with a groan and worked his way down to her breasts, licking, kissing, and sucking every inch of skin until his tongue was tracing circles around her nipple, making it harden almost painfully.
His hands came up to play, grabbing each breast and massaging them in a way that had her legs trembling and her breaths quickening. The fact that she couldn’t see what he was doing only intensified every sensation that he was causing. Just when she thought she’d die if he didn’t take her nipple into his mouth, he moved onto the other breast and began the torture all over again.
“Jason!” she cried out when he finally put her out of her misery and took her nipple in his mouth. He pinched and gently twisted her other nipple with his fingers. Haley was barely aware that he was backing her up through the water until her back touched the pool wall. 
He kept her nipple in his mouth, gently suckling it as he worked her bikini bottom off. Haley was helpless to do anything but hold on tightly to his shoulders as he drove her crazy.
His mouth left her nipple. “I need to taste you, my little grasshopper,” Jason said hoarsely as he picked her up and sat her on the edge of the pool. “Lie back.”
Carefully, she lay back on the cool cement. Jason gripped the backs of her knees and pulled her legs apart. 
“So beautiful,” he said quietly. 
She felt his warm breath tickle her thigh before he pressed a kiss right below her knee. A cool breeze ran between her legs, teasing her soaked lips. She couldn’t remember ever being this turned on before. 
She wanted him. Tonight. Now.
“Jason, please!” she pleaded, trying not to squirm against the unforgiving cement surface.
“Shhh, it’s okay,” Jason murmured against her leg. He pressed another kiss against her knee before running his hot, wet tongue over her thigh. He avoided where she needed him the most to run his tongue just below her belly button and down to her other leg.
“Please!” Haley cried as another cool breeze teased her sensitive skin, making her squirm desperately. 
“That’s not what I want to hear, my little grasshopper,” Jason murmured against her thigh as he ran his tongue in a circle over her inner thigh before softly suckling the area. A moment later, he pressed a soft kiss against the thatch of soft curls between her legs, earning a loud moan. 
“So wet,” he said, running the tip of his tongue between her folds. “So sweet.”
He traced her slit with his tongue as he placed her knees over his shoulders. When she felt his thumbs separate her folds, she ran her fingers through his hair, gently encouraging him. He ran the tip of his tongue around her clit and around her core in what felt like a figure eight, making sure not to touch the spots that ached for his attention the most. She spread her legs wider in silent invitation, making Jason chuckle.
“You want more?” Jason asked, pressing a kiss against her clit.
“Mmhmm,” Haley somehow managed to answer. 
He flicked his tongue over her sensitive little nub as a reward. She dropped her head back, moaning loudly. Her fingers knotted in his hair, urging him on. Seconds later, her breath caught in her throat when his tongue ran down to her core and slid inside her. His thumb gently circled her clit slowly, using her juices to heighten every touch.
In and out, his tongue moved in a rhythm that had her panting, moaning, and half-screaming his name. Her orgasm caught her off guard. One minute, she was moaning and the next, she was rolling her hips against his mouth and screaming his name until her voice was raw.
Jason pressed a kiss to her stomach. “Come here,” he said tightly.
Still trying to catch her breath, Haley sat up. Jason stepped between her legs, keeping them separated as he leaned down and took her mouth in a hungry kiss that stole whatever sanity she had left. She ran her hands through his hair and down his back, only stopping to work his shorts off.
As soon as his erection was free, she gave up on the shorts and took him in hand. Jason moaned long and loud in her mouth as he worked to remove his shorts, careful not to dislodge her hand.
Without a word, he picked her up. Haley wrapped her legs around him, loving the way he felt. She shifted in his arms until his hard erection was pressed firmly against her wet core.
Jason gripped her bottom, teasing her slit with the tips of his fingers as he moved them through the water. Haley was so caught up in what they were doing that she didn’t realize that they were out of the water until he placed her down on a lounge chair. 
He released his hold on her to half-kneel on the lounge near her face. “Open up, sweetheart,” he said, casually stroking himself, rubbing the head of his cock across her lips.
Haley leaned over and took him into her mouth without hesitation. She reached up and gently gripped his firm balls as he leaned over and slid two fingers inside of her. 
“That’s it, my little grasshopper,” he encouraged hoarsely.
She loved doing this for him, loved the way he felt, tasted, and moaned. She pulled her mouth away so she could run her tongue up his cock and tease the tiny slit. He hissed in a breath when she took him back in her mouth, sucking him harder. She was going to come soon and she was determined to take him with her. She added her other hand, knowing how much he loved that as she absently rode his fingers. This was so good...
“Not tonight,” Jason said suddenly, pulling away.
“What?” Haley asked in a daze as he moved to lie down on top of her. Her confusion quickly turned to pleasure as he rubbed himself between her legs. 
Smiling, she pulled him down for a kiss. He slowly kissed her as he shifted on top of her. When she felt the hard tip tease her core, she gasped into his mouth.
“Do you like that?” Jason asked as he teased her folds.
“Yes,” she hissed when he teased her clit.
“Do you want me?” he whispered against her mouth, placing the tip of his erection against her core once again. This time he gently thrust his hips, teasing her.
 Did she?
 Yes.
She loved him and all this waiting was killing her. It no longer mattered what the future held. She wanted him now.
“Yes.” The word was barely out of her mouth when Jason thrust forward. 
Hard.
A small cry escaped her as he rammed all the way home. She was barely aware of the kisses he was pressing against her face or how he wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly. The only thing that registered in her mind was the pain from being split in two. 
It hurt so much. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping it would get better. It didn’t. Jason continued to thrust inside her, taking her cries and the way she dug her nails into his back as encouragement. Just when she’d thought she couldn’t take anymore he stilled on top of her and groaned.
Well, she thought as he pressed a tender kiss to her forehead, she knew the first time was going to hurt. Granted, it probably wouldn’t have hurt if she’d told that she was a virgin, but they’d been caught up in the moment. It was better this way, she realized unable to help but smile. She liked the idea of her first time a result of being out of control. 
She pressed a kiss to his damp forehead.
Jason chuckled, leaning back in to press a kiss to the tip of her nose.
“I knew it,” Jason said, trying to catch his breath.
“Knew what?” Haley asked, frowning in confusion.
He brushed his lips against hers. 
“I knew they were full of shit when they said you wouldn’t sleep with me.”
Chapter 21
Jason couldn’t help smiling as he looked down at his little grasshopper. Not only had he proved that Haley loved him, but that had been the best sex of his life. She’d been so unbelievably hot and wet and so fucking tight he’d almost exploded when he’d entered her.
The last two months had definitely been worth the wait. Sex had never felt so good before. Just thinking about how good it was had his cock hardening for more. 
“Please get off me,” Haley mumbled sadly, pushing against his shoulder.
“What’s wrong, sweetheart?” he asked, shifting his weight off her so that he could-
“You had sex with me to prove someone wrong?” she asked, looking hurt as she sat up.
“No, it wasn’t like that,” he said, realizing how bad that sounded.
“You just said that someone told you that I wouldn’t have sex with you,” she mumbled hollowly as she stood up. 
He ran a hand through his hair, wondering how this had gone bad so fast. “Look,” he sighed, “maybe we should go inside and talk about this.”
“Now? Now you want to talk about this?” she asked, trying to walk past him and almost falling into the pool in the process. He quickly caught her. As soon as she was steady, she pushed his hands away and cautiously walked around the pool. 
“I can’t believe you did this, Jason.”
That caught him off-guard. “What the hell are you talking about? How exactly was this a surprise? I’m your fucking boyfriend, Haley. This was bound to happen sooner or later with the way we were going at each other.”
“Just because we’re dating doesn’t mean I was going to sleep with you,” she said, looking a little lost.
Holy shit...
They’d been right. 
“You were never planning on sleeping with me, were you?” he demanded, not bothering to hide how pissed he was.
“Up until tonight, I hadn’t made up my mind.”
He rounded the pool just as Haley found her glasses and put them on. 
“You were fucking playing me?” he demanded, making her frown.
When she didn’t answer, he continued. “Your friends were right. This was a fucking game to you?” he yelled at her for the first time since he’d met her not caring that he’d made her flinch. 
“Did you brag that you brought me to my knees and kept me panting? Was this payback for all the bullshit that I put you through over the years? Did you even care about me?”
“You think this was a game?” Haley asked, wiping away tears that Jason wouldn’t let affect him. She was upset? Too fucking bad, because he was pissed. She’d played him so fucking well.
“You’re actually yelling at me when you just took my virginity to prove something?” she demanded, shaking her head in disbelief.
He froze.
A virgin?
She’d been tight, but...
“Oh god…”
“I didn’t want to make the same mistakes that my sisters and cousins made. I didn’t want sex to be meaningless. I just wanted it mean something,” she said, clearly trying to fight back tears.
Just like that, all the anger inside him drained away. He moved to pull her into his arms only to have his hands weakly slapped away.
“You were so damn eager to prove something that you didn’t even stop to think about what you were doing,” Haley said with a sad shake of her head. 
“Baby,” he said, keeping his tone gentle, “if I had known you were a virgin, I would have done this differently, but I can’t regret it.” He took a steadying breath. “I’m in love with you, Haley.”
“Ow!” he said when his little grasshopper kicked him in the shin. “What the hell was that for? I told you I love you and you kicked me?”
“That’s for being a jerk! You wait until you screwed up to pull out the big guns? How about telling me that and making love to me because you love me and not because you felt you had something to prove?” Haley demanded, shaking her head in disgust.
He nodded solemnly as he reached out for her again. “That sounds reasonable. Let’s go inside and I’ll do this right.”
“Are you crazy? You think I’m going to let you touch me after what just happened?” she asked, blinking up at him.
“I’m really sorry about this,” Jason said, reaching for her again as the first tear rolled down her face.
“No. You actually thought that I would ever hurt you like that? When have I ever done anything to make you believe that I could do something like that? It should have been more than obvious that I loved you, Jason,” she mumbled, wiping frantically at the tears streaming down her beautiful face.
Jason felt his heart break as he watched her. “Haley, I’m so sorry.”
Haley ignored his apology and he couldn’t say that he really blamed her. “You were so busy trying to prove something that you didn’t think.”
“What are you-”
“Jason, I’m not on birth control and you didn’t wear a condom,” she said, cutting him off.
“Oh, shit,” Jason mumbled as her words hit. He’d fucked up in so many ways tonight, he wasn’t sure where to start, but he knew which fuck up was the most important.
“Oh, shit is right,” Haley snapped, opening the sliding glass door and stepped inside.
He’d never forgotten to wear a condom before. Not once. He licked his suddenly dry lips. “Haley, we have to talk,” he said, even though he had no idea where to start or what the hell he was supposed to say to make this right.
“You should have thought about that before,” she said, turning her back on him.
“Haley, please don’t do this.”
“Just leave me alone, Jason,” Haley said, her words broken by a sob as she closed the door and locked it.
She was just mad, Jason told himself as he waited for her to come back and give him another piece of her mind. He’d fucked up big time, but they both knew from the beginning that he was probably going to do that. Telling himself that she just needed a few minutes to cool off, he stood there, waiting, and when a few minutes turned into thirty minutes, he forced himself to move. 
He needed to apologize to her and tell her how much he loved her He hopped over the small picket fence separating their properties and made his way to her window. He was more than ready to beg if that’s what it took to get her to listen to him when the sound of her quiet sobs caught his attention.
“Haley?”
No answer.
He stood there, wondering what the hell he should do. Suddenly crawling into her room and begging her to forgive him didn’t sound like such a good idea anymore. She needed time to think, probably more time then he’d given her. 
“I’ll be in my room when you’re ready to talk. So, just yell or call when you’re ready,” he said loudly, feeling like a useless idiot and having absolutely no idea what he was supposed to do to fix this. He left, hoping she came to him when she was ready.
*-*-*-*
Haley spent half the night crying and waiting for Jason to crawl through the window and hold her. When she realized that wasn’t going to happen, she grabbed a pillow and a throw blanket and headed for the living room couch, unable to sleep in her own bed without Jason.
She couldn’t believe how much this hurt, she thought, wondering why she ever thought that she could prepare herself for something like this. She knew from the beginning that this probably wasn’t going anywhere and told herself that it didn’t matter, but she’d been wrong. 
In one night, she’d lost everything, her best friend, boyfriend, her virginity, and her heart. On top of that, it appeared that she’d lost a few of her friends, which she really could care less about if she was going to be honest. There was a reason why she’d kept putting off girl’s night and it had nothing to do with Jason. 
They were a part of the old Haley’s life, the pushover version of herself, the Haley that never spoke up for herself and let other people push her around. A few months ago, when they’d let her know that they couldn’t believe that Jason settled for someone like her, she should have cut them out of her life, but she’d hesitated. She didn’t like hurting anyone’s feelings and apparently, Jason didn’t know that about her.
How could he have ever thought that she would do that to him? She could only imagine what they said to him. What she couldn’t understand was why he hadn’t talked to her first. He should have told her what they said, asked her why she didn’t want to have sex, but instead, he’d allowed himself to be manipulated into doing something that he should have known was going to hurt her.
He should have…
Done so many things differently, but when it came down to it, this was her fault. She knew better than to fall in love with Jason, and now, there was nothing that she could but hope that having her heart break didn’t destroy her.
*-*-*-*
“You’re out of eggs!”
“I don’t care,” Jason said, never taking his eyes away from Haley’s front door. 
Around three this morning, he’d realized that he’d fucked up this situation even more by not going to her. He’d spent the next two hours going over every single minute from the night before, trying to figure out exactly when he’d fucked up, and made a list. After he made sure that he hadn’t missed anything, he folded the three-page list, front and back, and stuffed it in his back pocket and came outside to wait for Haley so that he could start apologizing. 
He’d contemplated waking her up, but then he’d have one more thing to apologize for, so he settled for waiting on his front step. A half-hour ago, Mitch decided to join him after he’d spotted him waiting outside when he drove by. It hadn’t taken long for the other man to figure out that he’d fucked up.
“Are you going to sit out here all day?” Mitch asked, stepping outside. “I’m starving. Let’s go get something for breakfast. By the time we get back, Haley should be up and you can go grovel.”
Jason stubbornly shook his head. “I’m not leaving until I talk to her. Besides, I’m not hungry.”
“Jesus Christ,” Mitch mumbled, crossing himself. 
He ignored Mitch and focused on Haley’s front door. A few minutes later, it opened and Haley stumbled out. Jason was on his feet within seconds and heading towards her. He really wasn’t sure how much longer he would have been able to wait before breaking into her house and begging for her forgiveness.
 “Haley, I...” His words trailed off when he spotted the large duffle bag that she was dragging behind her. “What’s going on?”
For the first time in months, Haley’s face didn’t light up when she saw him. She pushed her glasses back up her nose and went back to pulling the bag.
“I’m going away,” she said, sounding sad.
“For how long?” Jason asked, feeling as though his entire world was crashing down around him. 
“A week,” Haley said, walking past him as she dragged that damn bag.
A week? No, they couldn’t be apart for a week. That was too much time. A week of thinking about just how badly he’d fucked up and how much better off she was without him was not what they needed. They needed to work this out here and now so he could get on with the groveling. 
“I don’t think that’s such a good idea, Haley,” he said, automatically lifting the bag and placing it in her trunk for her when she struggled to pick it up. “Why don’t we go inside and talk this over?”
She shook her head stubbornly. “I can’t. If I don’t go, I’ll be out a thousand dollars.”
He waved that aside. “I’ll reimburse you. Just stay here and let me explain what happened last night.”
“There’s nothing to talk about, Jason. I think it’s for the best if we end things now,” she said, not quite able to meet his gaze as she broke his heart.
“You’re just mad, Haley. Maybe...maybe you’re right. Maybe you just need a week to think things over,” he said quickly, desperate to do or say anything that would make her take it back. “Take a week, think it over. We both knew that I was going to fuck up at some point, my little grasshopper. After you think about it, you’ll realize that’s all it was. Then you’ll come back, I’ll grovel, and we’ll move past this.”
She couldn’t even look at him as she said, “I’m really sorry, Jason.”
Jason couldn’t move, could hardly breathe as Haley stood up on her toes and pressed a kiss to his cheek. “I’m sorry, Jason. We’ll always be friends,” she said, delivering the killing blow.
Chapter 22
Haley just barely stopped herself from looking for Jason when she stepped back outside and realized that he wasn’t waiting for her. It was for the best, she told herself as she threw her small backpack in the trunk. She closed it and slowly walked to the driver’s side door, hoping to catch one last glimpse of him.
Even though she’d told herself that they didn’t have a future, she couldn’t help feeling disappointed. He’d given her up so easily. Maybe it was a good thing that this was over, she told herself. If he was able to give her up so easily, then he really didn’t care about her and it was for the best that she found out now.
At least that’s what she tried to tell herself over the next three hours while she drove even as she kept checking to make sure her phone still worked only to end up stopping herself from calling him. She just wanted to hear his voice and…
Why did it have to hurt this much?
All she wanted to do was pull the car over and curl up in a ball and cry, but she wouldn’t allow herself to do that, not yet. When she arrived at the cottage, then she’d allow herself to finally break down where she wouldn’t have to worry about having to pretend that everything was okay and that this was for the best. Then…
Then she had absolutely no idea what she was going to do.
She’d promised him that they would always be friends, but she really didn’t think that she would be able to see him after this. She wouldn’t be able to sleep to fall asleep in her bed, knowing just how good it felt to have his arms around her and that he was only a few feet away. She wouldn’t be able to handle seeing him every day, knowing that she couldn’t be with him, and she definitely wouldn’t be able to handle seeing him with someone else.
She’d figure out what to do about work and her house later. Not that she had many options. It would take some time before she was able to sell her house, which meant that she was either going to have to hope that she was able to find someone to rent her house until then because staying in that house wasn’t an option. Work was a different story. She wasn’t sure that she’d be able to find another position that paid this well at another private school. Until she figured it out, she would have to ask to have her room moved and hope for the best. 
Thankfully, her stomach chose that moment to remind her that she hadn’t eaten anything since last night and gave her the distraction that she needed. She took the next exit off the highway and considered her fast food options. Ten minutes later, she was back on the highway and frowning down at her purchase, an extra-large orange juice, three coffee rolls, two muffins, and three apple pastries.
“Great, he’s got me trained,” Haley mumbled with a sad shake of her head. 
She was going to have to break herself of this habit of ordering for a small army or she was going to get really fat, Haley realized with a sigh. She picked up one of the coffee rolls and took a small bite before putting it down and taking a sip of juice. When a song that reminded her of Jason came on, she groaned, muttered pathetically and spent the next minute looking for a song that wasn’t going to make her cry. When she finally found one, she picked up her coffee roll and frowned at the half-eaten baked item.
 Apparently, she’d eaten more than she’d thought. Sighing, she took another bite and placed it back on the passenger seat so that she could grab her orange juice and…
“What the hell?” Haley murmured, frowning down at the half-empty bottle.
Worrying her bottom lip, she glanced down at the passenger seat and couldn’t help but wonder what happened to all the food she’d bought. She was starting to wonder if she was going crazy when a large tan hand suddenly appeared, scaring the hell out of her. She squealed, jerking the wheel to the right and almost crashed into a tow truck. It took her a few seconds before her brain started functioning again and when it did, she narrowed her eyes on the hand that was blindly searching for the orange juice.
Glaring, she reached down and pinched the back of the hand, hard.
“Ow!” 
Haley stole a quick glance back at the backseat and cursed. Somehow, Jason had managed to fold his large frame onto the floor of her midsize car and covered himself with the large towel that she kept back there without her noticing.
“What the hell are you doing?” 
Jason sighed heavily as he tossed the towel away and struggled to climb off the floor. Once he was comfortably seated, he reached over and helped himself to her orange juice. “Having breakfast.” He took a sip. “What does it look like?”
“Why are you in my car?” Haley demanded.
“How else do you expect us to finish our fight?” Jason asked, leaning forward to snag the last apple pastry. He took a big bite before holding it to her lips for her to do the same. 
She shoved his hand away. “What the hell do you mean to finish our fight? We broke up,” she said, trying to remain calm.
“No, we didn’t.”
“Yes, we did.”
“I don’t think so,” he said calmly, finishing off the rest of the pastry as if he didn’t have a care in the world.
“Jason, I dumped you!” Haley snapped, feeling the last thread of her patience snap.
She looked up in the rearview mirror when he didn’t say anything only to find him frowning. Finally, he shook his head. “No, I think I would have remembered that.”
Her mouth dropped open.
“Anyway,” Jason continued as if he hadn’t just left her speechless with that announcement, “after our talk, I realized that you planned a week away for us and I really couldn’t agree more. A week away is exactly what we need to work through our problems.”
“Oh my god, you’re insane,” she mumbled weakly.
Another careless shrug.
“So, where are we going anyway?” Jason asked, getting comfortable.
“We aren’t going anywhere. I’m leaving you at the next rest stop. You can hitchhike your way back home.”
“That’s really not going to work for me,” Jason said, giving her an incredibly sexy smile when she glared at him through the rearview mirror.
Her grip tightened on the steering wheel as she prayed for patience that she was pretty damn sure that she didn’t have. “Jason, it’s over. I’m sorry, but you have to accept it.”
“No, I don’t,” he said calmly, irritating her even more.
“Jason,” she said tightly.
“Haley,” he mocked in the same tone, making her lips twitch damn him!
She sighed heavily. “Jason, you don’t trust me. I don’t think you-”
“I know that I really fucked up, Haley, but if you remember, I did tell you when we started that I was most likely going to mess this up,” he said, cutting her off.
“Yeah, you did, Jason, and last night you proved beyond a doubt that you aren’t capable of being in a relationship.”
“No, last night I proved that I’m a fucking idiot,” Jason said matter-of-factly. 
She wasn’t going to argue with that since she’d come to the same conclusion after hearing what happened, but that didn’t change the fact that he didn’t trust her. As much as she loved him and god, did she love him, she couldn’t be with someone that didn’t trust her. When she was little, she remembered her mother meeting her father at the door with a smile that slowly turned bitter after the first lie until one day, she’d stopped bothering to act like she even cared. Her smiles turned forced, their interactions became painfully polite, and she’d figured out how much they’d hated each other. 
She didn’t want that.
“Jason, we’re over,” she said more softly.
He snorted. “No, we’re not.”
“Yes, we are! Stop saying that!”
“No, we’re just fighting. You love me and you damn well know it.”
She opened her mouth to deny it, but she couldn’t. She did love him. More than anything on this earth, but he’d broke her heart last night and she wasn’t sure that she could trust him not to do it again.
When she didn’t say anything, he settled back in his seat and said, “I’m coming with you so you might as well accept it. The sooner we get this fight over with, the sooner we can move onto the next phase.”
“What phase?” she asked cautiously.
“Makeup sex,” he said, grinning hugely as he threw her a wink that had her biting back a groan, wondering why he had to make everything so damn difficult.
*-*-*-*
“What are we doing here?” Jason asked as he climbed out of the car, but not before Haley did. He wasn’t an idiot after all. She was still pissed at him and was probably still looking for a way to ditch his ass. In retrospect, he probably shouldn’t have mentioned makeup sex until after the fight.
 The hour they’d spent at the rest stop had proved that. She’d tried everything she could to get him out of her car, but he’d refused to budge. Finally, when she was out of breath and exhausted from trying to drag him out of the car, it was a sad attempt, she gave up, slammed the door shut, drove off, and ignored him for the next two hours.
“I need groceries,” Haley mumbled with a sigh, throwing another glare in his direction. When her eyes shot between the Super Wal-Mart center and her car, he snatched the keys out of her hand.
“Hey!” 
“Sorry, my little grasshopper, you’re not ditching me at Wally World,” Jason said, pocketing her keys and headed for the store, leaving her to follow him or stand there, fuming as she contemplated his murder. 
Although Wal-Mart wouldn’t be his first choice, this solved one problem. He didn’t have any clothes since he’d been in a bit of a rush to hide in Haley’s car before she came back out. But this would work out rather nicely for him and since he could smell salt in the air, he knew exactly what to buy.
“I hate you,” Haley mumbled, storming past him to grab a carriage.
“You love and adore me,” Jason informed her as he deftly snagged her carriage away from her and headed towards the men’s department.
Along the way, he stopped at the women’s department when a little black bikini caught his eye, deciding that it would look great on Haley. He threw it in the carriage as well as the red one behind it. He wasn’t too worried when Haley didn’t follow him. He figured that she was somewhere in the store trying to calm down or looking a baseball bat to beat his ass into submission. 
Either was fine with him. 
They had a whole week to work out their problems whether she wanted to or not. She was his, plain and simple and the sooner she realized that they were going to be together forever, the sooner he could correct the mistake he’d made last night and show her how good it could be between them.
After he grabbed swim trunks, enough clothes for the week, and a few toiletries, he headed for the grocery section. When he spotted Haley’s carriage, he couldn’t help but snort in disgust. Did she really think buying single servings was going to last them for a week? Clearly, their fight had addled her brain.
He paused near her carriage, ignoring her cute little glare and dumped all his things in her carriage.
“What the hell are you doing?” Haley demanded, trying to stop him.
“I need more room in my carriage for food,” Jason simply said as he headed towards the dairy section, hoping she wouldn’t just ditch his shit to get back at him. Then again, she should know that if she did, he would just take that as an invitation to walk around naked.
“Why do you need bubble bath?” she asked as she joined him in front of the dairy coolers. 
He placed two gallons of milk in the carriage. “It’s for you,” Jason said in a tone that let her know that it should have been more than obvious who it was for.
His little grasshopper loved taking long hot bubble baths to relax and he really needed her to relax if he was going to convince her to forgive him and forget about this breakup nonsense.
“O-kay,” Haley said slowly, picking up a familiar black cardboard box. “And what about these? A twenty pack and magnum size no less, someone thinks highly of himself.”
Sighing, Jason reached over and snatched the box of condoms out of her hands. “Only one box? I thought I’d grabbed three,” he murmured, making a show of looking in her carriage for the other boxes. Finally, with a resigned sigh, he threw the box back. “Remind me to grab a few more boxes on the way out.”
With that, he headed to the cookie section, knowing that she was definitely going to follow this time.
“Why the hell would I remind you? We’re not going need condoms,” she bit out softly with a glare.
Jason really couldn’t help but smile at that announcement. “Okay,” he said, grabbing the box of condoms and sticking it on the top shelf between next to a stack of jelly cookies. “I was hoping you’d say that.”
The damage had already been done last night. Granted, if it had been any other woman, he would have already dragged her ass to the emergency room for the morning after pill, but with Haley, he felt oddly calm about the whole thing. Actually, he felt a little excited at the idea of Haley having his child.
Up until a few hours ago, he hadn’t given much thought to the consequences of last night. He’d been scared out of his fucking mind that he’d lost Haley for good to really think about it, but once he found himself squeezed into his hiding place with nothing to do but think about everything.
When he’d allowed himself to consider the possibility that she was pregnant, he may have freaked out just a little. Thankfully, Haley had been blasting the radio, so she probably hadn’t heard him hyperventilating. After he finally managed to calm down, he’d realized just how badly he wanted a child. Soon he’d been picturing little girls with mischievous green eyes and pigtails asking him to play tea. Of course, they’d use real food. There would be none of that pretend food bullshit for his little girls. 
By the time Haley stopped for breakfast, he’d been able to breathe a little easier. He’d already decided to ignore that breakup nonsense, knowing that Haley would realize that he was an idiot so that they could get started on making their all-girl baseball team.
“You were?” Haley asked, looking adorably confused.
“Damn straight. Nothing should come between us when we’re making love,” he explained, loving the way her face went bright red as he tossed a box of cookies in the carriage.
“We’re not doing that again!” she hissed quietly.
Not making love again? Puhlease. If there was one thing that he knew about his little grasshopper, it was that she was just as insatiable in the bedroom as he was. He’d have her in his bed by the end of the day, guaranteed.
Chapter 23
“Can I have my keys back?” Haley asked, holding out her hand expectantly just as Jason placed the last bag in the backseat.
“No,” he said, stepping past her and climbing into the driver’s seat. 
Sighing, Haley climbed into the passenger side, knowing there was no point in arguing with him. Not right now when all she wanted too tired to do anything more than glare. All she wanted to do was find the cottage, take a bath, and sleep for the next week.
She pulled her hand away when Jason tried to hold it. Instead of arguing, he acted like nothing happened and focused on the printed driving directions. After a few minutes, he took her hand in his again. 
After a two-minute tug of war, Haley gave up and let him have his sad victory, mentally promising herself all kinds of revenge when he smiled smugly. She was too tired to argue, so she sat back against the cool leather seat and tried not to fall asleep.
Her eyes darted to the rearview mirror and narrowed on the large pile of grocery bags he’d purchased. She turned her glare on Jason. “I hope you don’t think I’m cooking for you,” she said, narrowing her eyes on him as she decided that if he so much as pouted over that announcement that she was going to break out the fists of fury on his ass.
He shook his head. “You’re not allowed to cook this week,” Jason said, surprising her. 
“What’s this now?”
“You’re on vacation. I don’t want you lifting a finger,” he said, raising their hands so that he could press a sweet kiss against the back of her hand. When she felt herself starting to melt, she reminded herself that he didn’t trust her. 
After one last useless attempt to tug her hand back, Haley sighed and sat back in her seat, watching as they passed small houses, apartment complexes, and small businesses. Ten minutes later, they passed through a quaint downtown shopping area and onto a scenic road that took them past several large hotels along the beach. 
Haley was just about to drift off when Jason said, “I think this is it.”
She forced her eyes open and watched as they drove past several small cottages. A minute later, they were pulling into the long driveway of a small one level cottage.
“Do you have a key?” Jason asked, throwing the car in park and shutting it off.
Biting back a yawn, Haley nodded. Without a word, she climbed out of the car and trudged up the short, crushed-seashell walkway and let herself into the house, deciding she’d handle Jason later. Right now, she was too tired to do anything more than take a bath and a nap. She looked around the cottage and noted that it was cuter than the pictures her grandmother’s realtor sent her. 
The wicker furniture in the living room was small but looked surprisingly comfortable, Haley noted as she walked through the open doorway into the small eat-in kitchen and looked out the double-glass doors and couldn’t help but frown as she watched the waves crash against the smooth sandy beach and- 
“Damn it,” Haley groaned when she realized that her grandmother had tricked her, again. When Haley asked Grandma to see if her realtor could look into rental properties for her, she should have known Grandma wouldn’t be able to stop herself from swooping in and taking care of it. She knew that her grandmother meant well, but she really wished her grandmother would stop doing things like this. 
“Are you sure this place only costs a thousand?” Jason asked, placing a half dozen grocery bags on the table.
Haley looked over her shoulder and sighed. That was one more problem to deal with. She pushed her glasses back up her nose and pulled her cell phone out of her front pocket. “Look, why don’t you call one of the guys to pick you up?” she suggested because she was too damn tired to drive him back home right now.
“Why would I do that?” Jason asked as he started putting the food away.
“Because you’re not staying here?” Haley said, blinking wondering why he was having such a difficult time understanding this.
He snorted.
“I’m serious, Jason,” she said, moving to step in front of him so that they could talk about this, but he simply walked around her.
“I’m not going anywhere, Haley.”
“Look,” Haley said, slowly taking in a deep calming breath, “why don’t I give you a ride to one of the hotels that we passed on the way here?”
“I’m staying right here until we work this out, Haley,” Jason said firmly.
“You’re not staying here, Jason. First of all, I paid for-”
“Here,” Jason said, cutting her off as he slapped a check on the white oak kitchen table. “I’m paying for the cottage so there shouldn’t be any problems.”
Jason was the only person besides her grandmother that she knew who still carried checks in his wallet. She picked up the check and frowned when she saw that he’d intended to pay the entire amount.
She held the check out to him. “I’m not taking this.”
“Yes, you are,” he simply said as he headed back into the living room. “If you tear that up, I’ll just write you another one when we get home.”
Haley folded the check and stuck it in her back pocket. One more argument to have later, she thought, biting back a pathetic groan. Right now, she was too tired to care. She walked into the living room and headed for the small hallway to the right, deciding she’d get her bags after her nap that would hopefully give her the energy that she was going to need to deal with Jason. She headed for the only door in the hallway only to step out of the way as Jason stepped out of the room with a sheepish smile. 
“Sorry,” he said, stepping to the side so she could walk into the room. “I was just bringing in the bags.”
“Thank you,” Haley mumbled absently, wondering if she’d ever been this tired before. She hadn’t slept at all last night and the night before, they’d stayed up late watching old horror movies.
“You look tired, baby,” Jason said, reaching over to touch her only to drop his hand away at the last second with a heavy sigh. “Look,” he said, rubbing the back of his neck, “why don’t you go relax. We can talk everything over later.”
It was on the tip of her tongue to tell him that there was nothing to talk about, but that would only start another argument, so she simply nodded as she closed the bedroom door behind her. She looked over the small Cape Cod-style bedroom and nearly groaned. This would have been perfect for a romantic getaway, Haley thought with a sad smile before she forced herself to think of something else before she did something stupid like cry.
She threw one last look of longing towards the bed before heading for the bathroom. Even though all she wanted to do was to curl up on that bed and pass out, she knew that she wouldn’t be able to sleep until after she took a hot bath to help her relax. She still couldn’t believe that this happened. She knew that falling in love with Jason was a risk, but she’d never thought that he felt the same way. It made her wonder if he’d ever trusted her. Despite Jason’s flawed dating past, she’d trusted him, more than anyone. 
He’d been kind, sweet, and considerate and never tried to manipulate her into doing something that she didn’t want to do. When they were intimate, he’d never once pushed for more than she was willing to give him. That alone had made her love him even more. Too many times in her past, men had gone out their way to coerce her into taking a step that she wasn’t ready to take. 
When she’d refused, they’d tried to sweet-talk her, manipulate her, guilt her, until they’d finally got pissed and ended things with her when she wouldn’t sleep with him. She’d been called a bitch and a tease more times than she cared to remember. The fact that she’d been upfront about her sexual comfort level hadn’t mattered.
There had been several men that ended things as soon as she’d told them she wouldn’t have sex with them, but others thought that she was lying to them, teasing them, or setting up a challenge that they’d happily taken. When they’d eventually realized that she hadn’t lied, things would end quickly, and they’d turn cold and mean. Some had hung around a little longer hoping to change her mind, but she never did.
Until Jason.
His reaction had taken her by surprise. Instead of arguing with her, he’d readily accepted what she told him with a smile and a little teasing. Every time they became intimate, she’d expected Jason to push her into having sex, but he never had. Not once. Even those times when she knew that he was dying to take her, he hadn’t tried to push her. He’d grit his teeth and accept whatever she offered him, which was why she’d made love to him last night. 
Taking the next step with Jason had felt so natural. It wasn’t until after he’d told her why he’d made love to her that she’d realized that he didn’t trust her. He’d done it because he thought that she was playing him only to end up hurting them both. Last night he’d made love to her in order to prove something.
She’d waited for nothing. 
He said he loved her last night, but he really didn’t. There was no question that he cared for her a little, but love? No. Last night proved beyond a doubt that Jason wasn’t capable of loving her. If he’d loved her, he would have trusted her and he clearly didn’t. 
The simple truth was, Jason was stubborn. It was the reason why he’d slept with her, to prove something and the same reason he’d hid in her car and was being bullheaded about this breakup. She doubted he’d ever been dumped before and he probably wasn’t handling it well. Jason liked to call the shots when it came to women and having his shy little neighbor dump him probably grated on his ego.
There was absolutely no doubt in her mind that if she took him back that he would never be able to trust her again. It was better for everyone that they ended things now. This way, she was only disappointed in Jason and didn’t hate him, although maybe that would be for the best if she did. It would definitely make this easier if she could just hate him.
She paused by the bathroom doorway and sighed heavily as she took in the bubble bath Jason had drawn for her in the deep claw-footed bathtub. He’d even set out a towel and her favorite tee-shirt to change into.
“Stupid jerk,” Haley mumbled, once again stopping herself from melting. She just had to remember that this was all a game to him and she’d be fine.
Chapter 24
“You fucking moron.”
Jason couldn’t argue with that. He’d seriously screwed everything up and desperately needed to find a way to fix it, which is why he’d called in the big guns.
His father.
“Tell me this is some sick joke,” his father said, sighing heavily.
“I wish I could, Dad,” Jason said, glancing over his shoulder at the small cottage as he walked along the edge of the water. 
For the past three hours, he’d been out here pacing, trying to figure out what he should do. Finally, he came to the conclusion that he was in way over his head here and needed someone with a history of charming his way out of fuckups with women and only one person came to mind. 
His father had fucked up more times with his mother than should be humanly possible. Not that his father ever screwed around on his mother. She’d simply kill the man if he even thought of it. No, his father was an arrogant, hardheaded bastard who had driven his mother to the brink of insanity countless times over the years. 
“Let me get this straight, you let some dumb bar bimbo convince you that my poor sweet little Haley-” his father said, making him shake his head ruefully. 
Haley had managed to wrap his father around her little finger with those cupcakes and had bought his undying love with fried chicken, potato salad, and M & M cookies. The man’s obsession with food was really pathetic.
 Thank God he didn’t have that problem.
“-could ever do something so heartless? Then you go ahead and screw it up instead of talking to her? What in the hell is wrong with you?” his father practically yelled, making Jason hold Haley’s cell phone away from his ear.
“I know that I messed up, Dad,” Jason said once his father stopped yelling. “Look, I just need help figuring out how to fix this.”
“You don’t deserve my Haley,” his father simply said. 
Jason barely stopped himself from rolling his eyes. His father was such a food slut.
“Has it occurred to you that if I don’t fix things with Haley that she’ll never make you that Boston cream pie that she promised you?” Jason asked, knowing the only way to get his father to focus was to threaten his food.
His comment was met with a short pause.
“Okay, this is what you need to do,” his father said, all business now. “You need to back off and stop apologizing.”
Jason frowned. “Stop apologizing?” 
That didn’t sound right.
“Mmmhmm, no need to keep reminding her how much of a fucking idiot you are. She already knows, trust me. Right now, you need to work on being there for her. Don’t pressure her. In fact, I would suggest that you work on reminding her just how much you care about her and how good you are for her.”
He nodded slowly. “I could do that.”
His father snorted in disbelief.
“I can,” Jason stressed, promising himself that after Haley took him back that he’d get her to make him a Boston cream pie just so he could rub it in the old man’s face.
“Just try not to fuck this up because if you cost me Haley, I will disown you,” his father said before he hung up.
Jason placed the phone in his pocket and headed back to the cottage, deciding there was no time like the present to get started. He’d remind her how good they were together and why she adored him. It shouldn’t be too hard. In fact, he already knew that one problem in particular was going to guarantee that she couldn’t live without him.
He stepped into the kitchen just as Haley stormed angrily into the room wearing nothing but her “Geek” tee-shirt. She threw him a glare and muttered something about his balls that he decided to ignore as she headed for the refrigerator. She grabbed an ice-cold soda and sipped it as she continued glaring at him. 
She looked exhausted, Jason noted as he leaned back against the counter and had to stop himself from grinning. This was going to be so easy. 
“Couldn’t sleep?” he asked casually, already knowing the answer. She needed him and she damn well knew it. This was going to be the way he stayed close to her while he did his best to convince her to forgive him for being a fucking moron.
Haley pushed her glasses up her nose, took a sip of Coke, and simply flipped him off as she walked out of the room.
Great. He was already fucking this up, Jason thought, walking after her only to have the bedroom door slammed shut in his face. After counting to ten, twice, he knocked on the door.
“Go. Away.”
Sighing heavily, he opened the door just in time to see the bathroom door slammed shut. He walked over to the bed and sat down.
“Haley, I-”
“Look, Jason, I really can’t do this with you right now,” Haley said, not bothering to open the door to face him, making Jason wonder if her pushover tendencies were once again showing up. That wouldn’t be good for either one of them. He needed her to deal with this, not avoid him. “Let me finish getting dressed, then I’ll give you a ride to a hotel.”
“No,” he said firmly because there was no way in hell that he was leaving. They were going to work this out whether she liked it or not.
“Fine,” Haley said, sighing heavily. “Then I’m leaving.”
Oh, hell no. 
If she left now, there’d be no stopping her from leaving his ass for good. There was no doubt in his mind that she didn’t intend on giving him a ride home now, which meant that he probably wouldn’t get home until sometime tomorrow afternoon. By then, she could be anywhere, doing her best to convince herself that she could do better, she could, but that wasn’t the point. He couldn’t let her walk away from him, not now, not ever.
Jason threw a quick glance at the bathroom door before rushing over to the backpack that she liked to call a purse. He tore through it until he found what he needed. No doubt, this was only going to piss her off more, but desperate times called for desperate measures. He pocketed her wallet and quickly checked her discarded pants, stealing the money that she had in the front pocket before grabbing her car keys and rushing out of the room.
It only took him a minute to find the perfect hiding spot, one of the dozen decorative baskets lining the ceiling. There was no way in hell that Haley was going to reach it, never mind find it. After a minute, Jason decided to add her cell phone as well. He shut it off and added it to the pile before he covered his tracks. 
Knowing that there was no way that Haley could leave him until they’d worked things out, Jason relaxed for the first time since this whole thing started. He walked into the kitchen, feeling confident that his plan was going to work.
He grabbed a cold soda from the fridge, wishing that it was a beer, and headed for the beach. As long as his little grasshopper wasn’t allowed to drink, then he wouldn’t drink. Not that he really expected her to be pregnant on the first shot, but he wasn’t taking any chances. 
Until he knew for sure that she wasn’t pregnant, she wasn’t so much as looking at a drop of alcohol, which was probably going to make it more difficult for her to deal with him. Granted, it might help his case if he got her drunk, but he wasn’t willing to take the risk. Besides, he didn’t want her to throw it in his face later that she hadn’t known what she was doing when she forgave him. He wanted her stone-cold sober for this, especially since she would most likely end up being the one to figure out how to fix this mess because he was pretty sure that he’d only manage to fuck this up more.
“You bastard!” he heard Haley yell from somewhere behind him. 
He looked back at her and smiled, watching as she stormed over to him with her little fists of fury swinging by her side. She shoved her glasses back up her nose as she glared up at him, looking fucking adorable as she contemplated killing him with her bare hands.
“What did you do with it, you bastard?” Haley demanded.
 “What?” Jason asked innocently, taking a sip of soda.
“You know what!” 
“Hmm, I really don’t,” he mused, trying not to smile when she growled.
“My wallet,” Haley bit out through clenched teeth. “I need it back so that I can leave.”
“Then you’re not getting it,” Jason said with a sad shake of his head and a pitying sigh. 
She really thought that he was going to help her leave him? Damn, his little grasshopper still had so much to learn, he thought, biting back a sigh.
“Fine,” Haley bit out. “Then give me back my cell phone so that I can call someone,” she demanded, holding out her hand expectantly.
“Sorry, I can’t do that either,” Jason said, sighing heavily because really, did she not know him at all?
“What about my car keys?” she asked, narrowing her eyes on him.
He pursed his lips up in thought. It would be best for both of them if she was limited to the cottage and the center of town for now. 
“No, sorry that’s not going to work for me either.”
“This is kidnapping!” she sputtered in disbelief.
“No, it’s not.”
“Yes, it is!”
“Nope.”
“What the hell would you call it?” Haley demanded, snatching his soda from him and finished it off while she continued glaring at him.
“A romantic getaway?”
She snorted.
“If you really don’t want to be here, then go inside and use the house phone to call someone,” he suggested innocently.
“You know damn well that I don’t have any phone numbers memorized,” she snapped.
Yes, he really did know that. Haley, thankfully, was heavily dependent on technology. Once a number went into her contact list, she never looked at it again. That little tidbit of information used to earn an eye roll from him, but now it pleased him immensely.
“Then I guess you’re stuck here,” Jason said, biting back a smile.
Her eyes narrowed dangerously on him. 
“So, do you want to go for a swim or go fishing?” Jason asked as he gestured to the long rock wall that went out about three hundred yards into the ocean, “Are you hungry? I can whip some burgers up in no time.”
With one last look that promised pain, Haley stormed off back to the cottage. 
Jason walked back to the cottage, not even bothering to check the sliding glass doors since Haley’s smug smile had told him everything he needed to know. She’d locked him out. He’d allow her this victory, he decided as he grabbed his shirt off the lounge chair and pulled it on as he headed for town. There was probably no need to tell her that he’d snatched the cottage keys earlier since she’d figure it later.
Besides, she’d have to come to him sooner or later for her fix.
Chapter 25
Three o’clock in the morning and Haley was close to crying. She was exhausted. Her head was pounding and she felt sick to her stomach. She hadn’t slept in five days.
Not one single wink. 
Sadly, it had nothing to do with the cottage. The bed was firm, just the way she liked it. The air conditioner ran perfectly, keeping the little cottage at a cool 68 degrees. The only noise to be heard was the sound of the waves crashing against the beach. She really wished there was something to complain about because that would mean that going to one of the hotels down the road would provide her with the sleep that her body desperately needed.
No, the reason that she couldn’t sleep was quite simple. The bastard, who refused to leave no matter how many times she’d begged, pleaded, or threatened to kick his ass, was one hundred percent responsible for this problem. Being this dependent on another person for sleep wasn’t normal, but no matter how many times she’d tried to get that message across to her exhausted body, it wouldn’t listen.
She tried everything over the past three days. At first, she’d thought relaxation would do the trick, so she’d taken about a dozen hot baths, read a few books, and even went for a relaxing moonlit stroll along the beach. When that didn’t work, she’d moved onto vigorous activity. She tried swimming, went for a bike ride, and cleaned the cottage from top to bottom.
Absolutely nothing worked. 
There was no way that she could handle another day without sleep, especially since Jason was determined to keep her here for four more days. She sat up in bed and kicked the sheet away. Damn it. If she was going to be stuck with him, then she might as well get something out of it, she decided as she threw open her door and stormed down the short hallway. 
Jason looked over at her and sighed. She wasn’t really surprised to find him awake. It seemed this sleep addiction went both ways, thankfully, because if she was going to suffer then so was he. Granted, his inability to sleep might have more to do with the small wicker chairs that he was forced to sit in all night since she’d refused to let him sleep with her.
“I don’t know what you did, but you’ve wrecked sleep for me and since you won’t give me back my stuff, I’ve decided that you will allow me the use of your body for sleep,” she clarified, afraid he might get the wrong idea, “until we go home and I can get a prescription for sleeping pills from my doctor.” 
Jason simply looked at her through bloodshot eyes. “Okay, move your ass,” she said, gesturing for him to head back to the bedroom.
“No,” he said softly.
She narrowed her eyes on him. “Don’t make me hurt you, Jason. I am way too tired for any bullshit tonight, so move your ass.”
He stubbornly shook his head. “Not until you promise to spend the last four days with me.”
“No.”
They broke up and she really needed him to accept that, especially since they had to go back to work in two weeks. She didn’t want to have to deal with this at work. He needed to accept this so they could both move on. It was already hard enough being around him and not being able to touch him without losing it.
She loved him so much and this was killing her. The best thing he could do for both of them was to let her go now before it destroyed her. She already knew that she’d have to put her house on the market and look for a new job as soon as she got back because there was no way that she was going to be able to see him after this without feeling like her heart was breaking all over again. She needed to put as much space between them as she could if she hoped to survive this.
“We have four days left, Haley. If you want to sleep, then you’ll give me what I want.”
“You need sleep just as much as I do,” she pointed out.
Jason nodded even as he said, “And I’m willing to go without if that’s what it takes.”
“We’re not getting back together,” she said, feeling more exhausted than she had five minutes ago. 
“I’m not asking for that, Haley. I’m asking for some real time with you.”
“You expect me to believe that?”
“Yes,” Jason said, sounding as exhausted as she felt. “I just want some time with you.”
She considered him for a moment. At this point, she was willing to fork over her kidneys if it meant getting some sleep. “Fine,” she said slowly before adding, “But just sleep. Nothing else.”
He sighed as he got to his feet. “That’s fine,” he said, walking past her to the bedroom. 
“Underwear stays on,” she announced as she walked into the room.
Jason yanked his underwear back up, probably too tired to argue, and flopped down on the bed. After a slight hesitation, Haley lay down and curled up against him. In a matter of minutes, she felt her body relax and started to drift off.
*-*-*-*
“Oh my God, no! It’s going to bite me!” Haley squealed, jumping back as the small crab moved towards her.
Jason chuckled as he watched his little grasshopper run on her tippy toes, trying to get away from the small crab that did seem to have it out for her. Every time Haley changed direction, so did the crab.
Now, Jason could very easily fix this problem for his little grasshopper by picking her up, but he was following her rules. He only had four days left to convince her that she couldn’t live without him and if that meant that he had to follow her rules to spend time with her, then he was damn well going to follow them. He wasn’t about to give her a reason to break their agreement.
That’s why an hour ago, when he woke up to find Haley curled up in his arms, he’d quickly jumped out of bed and put some space between them. She’d looked a little confused and hurt, and he’d almost ignored her rules and pulled her into his arms, but he’d forced himself to keep his head in the game. He’d said good morning and left her alone to take a shower and not joining her had almost killed him.
After lunch, it had taken a little prompting and about a dozen reminders that she’d promised to spend time with him. With a resigned sigh, she’d followed him to the beach. For the first time since he’d wrecked her flowers, things became awkward. He had no idea what he was supposed to say to her. Every time he opened his mouth, he’d force himself to snap it shut before he made this worse.
Several times, he found himself biting back another apology, remembering what his father said, and walked next to her as he tried to figure out what the hell he should say to her. Unfortunately, Haley seemed to be just as uncomfortable as he was. She’d been on the verge of suggesting that they go home again when they came across the little crab hell-bent on attacking her.
“Jason!” Haley gasped, laughing as the crab made a grab for her toes.
Sighing, Jason bent over and plucked the small crab up and took in its tiny little buggy eyes. “It’s kind of cute.”
Haley squished up her face adorably. “If you say so.”
He noticed that she didn’t make any moves to take a closer look. In fact, it looked as though she was trying to discreetly step away. Jason bit back a smile as he held it out to her. She squealed, jumping back, and almost fell on her adorable ass.
“Get it away from me!”
“Aw, come on, Haley. He just wants a little kiss,” Jason said, shoving the crab towards her once again. “Just a little kiss.”
Haley giggled even as she ducked out of the way. 
“Come on, he likes you!” Jason said, chuckling as he chased after her. 
“Go away!” Haley said, laughing so hard that she stumbled several times, but somehow managed to take off when the crab came within five feet of her.
“I swear to God, I’m going to kick your ass for this!” 
*-*-*-*
Haley dropped her book as she latched onto Jason’s arm and tried to drag him away.
“That’s false advertisement!” Jason shouted, heading back for the door that they’d been unceremoniously kicked out of ten minutes ago. “The sign says, ‘All you can eat!’”
Thankfully, the last several months in Jason’s company had pretty much cured her problem of embarrassing easily. Otherwise, she’d probably be turning bright red right about now and wishing for a hole in the ground to open up and swallow her whole as people stopped to gawk at them. 
“They were closing,” Haley pointed out.
“That’s no excuse,” Jason bit out, glaring at the waitstaff that watched them nervously from behind closed curtains.
“I think they ran out of food,” Haley said, doing her best not to laugh when he pouted.
“Bastards,” Jason muttered.
“Come on, I’ll let you treat me to a late movie,” she said, tugging on his arm. 
He reluctantly allowed her to pull him away, only throwing the occasional look of longing towards the restaurant as they headed across the street. Haley did her best not to roll her eyes. The man was way too obsessed with food, she thought as they stepped into the long line outside the movie theatre as another thought occurred to her, one that actually terrified her a little.
“You never brought me to an all-you-can-eat buffet at home,” she pointed out because now that she thought about it, she was really surprised about that. 
It seemed like the perfect place for Jason and his father. They both adored food, which was probably why his parents stopped with just one child. Just the thought of a bunch of little Jason’s running around, eating everything in sight terrified her.
Jason mumbled something.
“What?” Haley asked, tearing her gaze away from the list of movies playing.
“I said, I’ve been banned,” he grumbled unhappily only to add, “It’s all political,” with a sad shake of his head.
“Uh-huh...and your father?” she asked, having a bad feeling that she already knew what his answer was going to be.
 “He’s been banned since 1995,” Jason said with a shrug. 
“I see,” Haley said, her lips twitching.
“In two years, the ban in Las Vegas will be lifted. We’re planning a big trip,” he said, looking at her hopefully.
Haley opened her mouth to remind him that they weren’t going to be doing anything in two years when she realized what he’d said. 
“You’ve been banned from Las Vegas?”
“Not from Las Vegas, just from all the buffets,” Jason said with a shrug as if it was no big deal.
“All the buffets?” she asked slowly, unable to hide her shock. There had to be hundreds of buffets in Las Vegas.
“I guess they had a meeting or something. As I said before, it’s all political,” Jason said, gesturing for her to move up in line.
She was too stunned to say anything for a few minutes. She knew they loved food, but wow...
“What movie do you want to see?” Jason asked, pulling her from her frightening thoughts that were probably going to keep her up at night for the rest of her life.
Haley quickly scanned the list, about to tell Jason to go ahead and pick a movie when she spotted a movie she’d been waiting to see for a while. How about “To hell and back?” she suggested.
Jason frowned. “The one with Edward and Dana Pierce?”
She nodded. 
“Fine,” he said with an exaggerated eye roll, earning a smile from her. “A chick flick it is.” He bought their tickets and headed for the concession stand with a muttered, “I just need something to eat before I pass out.”
He reached out to take her hand, only to drop his hand away right before he touched her. His smile became polite as he gestured for her to go ahead of him. Haley forced a smile as she stepped in line ahead of him, reminding herself that this was exactly what she wanted. She wanted to go back to being friends, even if it was only for a little while. So, Jason readily accepting that they were only friends was a good thing, she told herself.
After they bought their snacks, well Jason’s snacks, since she was still full, they found two seats towards the front. Thankfully, the previews were already playing so Haley took the opportunity to remind herself that they were just friends and that she needed to stop herself from wanting Jason to touch her.
They’d broken up. Jason had obviously accepted it and so should she. It was for the best, no matter how much it made her want to cry.
Chapter 26
“You didn’t have to buy dinner. I could have cooked,” Haley pointed out as they followed a waitress to the back booth in the fifties style diner.
“You’re not lifting a finger while you’re on vacation,” Jason pointed out, again. It was just another thing they were going to have to discuss, but later. Right now, he was too busy showing Haley how much he cared about her. They’d made progress over the past two days. 
At least, he hoped they had.
Now all he had to do was try not to screw this up again, not that Jason really thought was possible. He’d been on his best behavior, following her rules, and keeping his hands to himself over the past couple days. At night, he allowed her to decide their sleeping positions and, in the morning, he bolted from the bed before he did something to fuck this up and took a very cold shower or went for a swim in the ocean. Then he spent the rest of the day showing her how much he cared about her as he reminded himself to be patient.
It was more difficult than he’d ever imagined, but somehow, he’d managed to show her that he was capable of learning from his mistakes. There was no doubt in his mind that she was ready to go back to the way things used to be. Thank fucking God, because he didn’t think he could last another day with this friendship bullshit. 
She was his little grasshopper, plain and simple. Not being able to touch her and hold her felt wrong. 
“Can I get you a drink to start off?” the waitress asked, throwing him an appreciative look. 
“We’ll take two Cokes, please,” Jason said, directing his attention to the menu in front of him. He wasn’t about to do anything to encourage the woman. Right now, he needed to be able to focus all his energy on his little grasshopper and not on trying to get rid of some waitress in a tight pink shirt two sizes too small that hoped to warm his bed tonight.
“I’ll go get those right now,” she said in a seductive tone. Jason snuck a look at Haley, wondering if the waitress’s obvious interest bothered her. If it did, it didn’t show. Apparently, Haley was too oblivious to care, which was probably for the best because he couldn’t stand jealous women.
“I need to use the bathroom. Could you order for me if she comes back?”
“Sure,” Haley said, not bothering to look up from her menu. “What do you want?”
“Two cheeseburger dinners,” he said, not bothering to tell her how he wanted them or to ask for two extra sides since she already knew what he liked. 
Five minutes later, he was walking out of the bathroom just as their waitress finished writing down their order. The waitress looked up from her writing pad and smiled at him. She said something else to Haley before walking over to him, smiling coyly the entire time.
“Your friend,” she said, gesturing behind him to Haley, who was watching them with bored interest, “said you might like the band playing over at TJ’s. It’s a Nickelback cover band. She said that you could pick me up in two hours after I get off work, but if you give me fifteen minutes, I could probably get the night off.”
“Wait,” Jason said, confused as hell. “She told you that I was interested?”
“Mmmhmm,” the waitress said, oblivious to the fact that he was fucking pissed. 
“Excuse me,” he said tightly, stepping around her. 
“I’ll go ask about getting off early,” the waitress announced, sounding giddy.
“Don’t bother,” Jason threw over his shoulder. 
He walked over to Haley, placed his hands on the table, and leaned over until he was practically nose-to-nose with her. 
“Tell me that you didn’t just try to set me up on a date with the waitress,” he bit out, trying to stop himself from wringing her fucking neck.
“I didn’t set you up per se, but I did tell her that you might like the band and that you were single,” she simply said, pushing her glasses up her nose.
“I’m single?” Jason repeated, his voice sounded hollow.
“Yes,” Haley said hollowly as she looked away.
He slowly pulled away from her and stood up. Swallowing hard, he asked, “Is that what you really want?”
“Yes,” she said without the slightest hesitation, making everything suddenly crystal clear.
He pulled out two twenties and tossed them on the table. “Come on,” he said, heading for the door.
“Where are we going?” Haley asked when she caught up to him.
“Home.”
*-*-*-*
“Jason? Jason, talk to me. You’re really scaring me.”
For the past six hours, he hadn’t said one word. 
When he’d announced that they were going home, she’d thought that he meant back to the cottage. She knew that she shouldn’t have encouraged that waitress. She didn’t want to and had been on the verge of informing the woman that Jason was spoken for when she realized that seeing Jason with another woman might be the one thing that she needed to help her get over him sooner. She had no idea that he’d be this pissed otherwise, she wouldn’t have said anything, but she needed to get over him before she finally gave in to the pain threatening to bring her to her knees.
She loved him so much. 
Instead of answering her, he threw the driver’s side door open and popped the trunk. She quickly climbed out of the car just as outside lights on her house turned on.
“Please talk to me,” Haley said as she watched him grab the three shopping bags of clothes he’d bought and headed towards his front door.
“Jason, don’t do this!” she said, unable to stand the thought of ending things like this.
“You want to talk?” Jason asked, slowly turning around to face her.
“Yes,” Haley said, relieved that he was at least talking to her now.
He threw the bags to the side and walked over to her. “Fine. Let’s talk, Haley,” he said, getting in her face. “I fucked up. I shouldn’t have let some bitch sell me a line of bullshit and I should have talked to you, but you know what? You screwed up, too.”
“You never even bothered to tell me why you didn’t want to have sex,” when she opened her mouth to argue, he spoke over her, “I know that I could have asked you a thousand different times, but I was too damn happy to care. I wanted to be with you. I loved you, Haley, and I thought you loved me, too. So, when that woman told me that you wouldn’t sleep with me because you didn’t love me, I panicked big time and did something that I will probably regret for the rest of my life.”
“You regret sleeping with me?” Haley asked, feeling her heart drop.
“Yes, because I hurt you that night and it gave you the excuse that you obviously wanted to break things off,” Jason said, stepping away from her as he rammed his fingers through his hair.
“I wasn’t looking for an excuse to break things off,” she sputtered, taking a step towards him.
“Bullshit!”
“I wasn’t!” she yelled right back. “You’re the one who decided you couldn’t trust me! You’re the one who just had to prove-”
“Oh, give me a fucking break!” Jason shouted, causing her to jump back. “I fucked up, Haley. I admit that. Hell, I admitted it right when it happened and I even told you when we started out that I would most likely fuck up,” he continued, not giving her a chance to speak, “You were happy that I fucked up since it gave you the excuse that you needed to get rid of me.”
“No, it didn’t! You don’t trust me, Jason! You should have-”
“I should have done a hundred different things, but you know what, Haley? I didn’t. I fucked up, but you’re acting like I fucked around on you!”
“Because you’re going to!” she shouted back, wiping angrily at the tears that spilled down her cheeks. “We both knew this wasn’t going to last, Jason! What you did proved it!”
“Wasn’t going to last? I fucking loved you!” he shouted, getting closer. “I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you! But the entire time I was picturing a house, marriage, and kids, you were just using me!”
“I wasn’t using you!” she cried, shoving him back.
“Then what the hell do you call it?” Jason demanded, letting her shove him again. “I was good enough to hang around, date, fuck, oh wait, no I wasn’t, was I? The only thing you thought I was good for was a good time!”
“I can’t believe you’re complaining since that’s exactly what you did! You’re just pissed because someone did it to you!”
“I have never led anyone on. They all knew that I had nothing to offer them, but you,” he shook his head in disgust, “you made me think that you actually cared for me when all you were was a bitch looking for a good time.”
She stumbled back.
“You’re a fucking snob just like your family,” he said coldly.
“I hate you,” she mumbled hollowly.
She hadn’t used him. She’d been the only one of them who’d went into this relationship with a level head. He might think that he loved her today, but she knew that would change one day and she wasn’t going to feel bad because she got out before that day came.
Nodding to himself, he said, “You came to me for a good time, so I’m going to make sure you get just that.”
“Wha-” 
He cut her off with a firm kiss. She tried to pull back, but he wasn’t having that. He cupped the back of her head, holding her to him as he brushed his lips over hers, teasing her into kissing him back. When he ran the tip of his tongue between her lips, demanding entrance, she was helpless to refuse.
Haley moaned when his warm tongue slid into her mouth, gliding over hers, and then tangled together. Her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer, unable to stand the thought of being apart for another second. No matter what he thought, she hadn’t been using him. She loved him so much and even though she knew that she would wind up getting hurt, she hadn’t been able to pass up a chance to be with him. 
When he picked her up in his arms, she didn’t fight him. No, she fisted his hair, tilted her head, and deepened the kiss. Several minutes later, they were in her living room and he was kicking the front door shut. He placed her on her feet only to grab her thighs and lift her back up. She wrapped her legs around his waist, loving the way he grabbed her ass and ground her against his hard erection.
She released one hand from his hair to reach between them and yank his tee-shirt up. Jason turned around in the small hallway and pushed her up against the wall as he reached back and yanked his shirt free, only breaking the kiss long enough to pull the shirt off. He kept her pressed against the wall as he worked her shirt off. 
Once he had her shirt off, he raised her above him so that he could lick his way down to her breasts.  She hugged his head against her chest as he traced the outline of her bra with his tongue and moaned when he suckled her hard nipple through the thin lace. 
“Mmmm,” Haley moaned softly as he licked and kneaded her breasts. Her hips gently rolled against his stomach, searching for relief. She arched her back when she felt his hands leave her breasts and move to her back. In seconds, he had her bra undone and was running his tongue over her breasts, flicking her hard nipples.
Haley licked her lips as she worked her bra off the rest of the way. She wrapped her arms back around his head, holding him against her as she leaned over and pressed a kiss to the top of his head. 
Jason groaned as he wrapped his arms around her, keeping her breasts where he wanted them. He pulled her away from the wall and walked down the pitch-black hallway to the bedroom. Somehow, he managed to make it to the bed without stumbling. 
He laid her on the bed. Bending over her, he ran his tongue from one hard nipple to the other as he undid her shorts. He slid his hand beneath the waist of her shorts and inside her panties. He cupped her in his hand, making her squirm against him.
With one last flick of his tongue against her nipple, he sat up and helped her out of her shorts and panties while Haley toed off her canvas sneakers. She opened her arms to him, expecting him to come back down for a kiss. In the dim moonlight, she saw him shake his head. 
“Roll over onto your stomach,” he said, already helping her turn over. “On your hands and knees,” Jason said softly.
“That’s it,” he crooned when she did what he asked.
Haley gasped, gripping the comforter tightly in her hands when she felt Jason press a kiss to one cheek and then the other. Without a word, she spread her legs further and arched her back. He continued pressing kisses against her back and bottom as he slid one finger inside her.
Haley moaned, licking her lips. The few times they’d fooled around in this position had been so good. He’d always taken her hard with his fingers or his mouth like this, making her scream. One time, he ran his cock between her legs. When she’d realized that he was pleasuring himself against her, she’d come harder than she could ever remember.
Just the thought of him teasing her folds with his cock had her riding his finger. 
“You like that?” Jason asked, adding another finger.
“Yes,” Haley moaned as she pulled forward until only the tip of one finger remained inside her, then slowly slid back, loving the way he filled her. She loved the way he felt, the way he touched her, the way he made her so crazy with need that she could only think about having him. She just loved him. 
Over the past week, she’d been stupid and so damn scared that Jason would hurt her one day that she’d almost made the biggest mistake of her life. She wasn’t letting him go. They belonged together. On some level, she’d always known that, but she’d been so damn scared that she hadn’t seen it.
For the first time, Haley allowed herself to imagine the future she always thought was out of their reach. She imagined falling asleep in Jason’s arms every night for the rest of their lives, imagined little boys smiling when she made cookies and little girls wrapping Jason around their little fingers, and she knew that she would never be happy without him.
“Then you’re going to love this,” he murmured softly.
She licked her lips in anticipation when she heard the sound of his zipper being pulled down. A second later, she felt his jean-clad thighs press against the back of her legs and his warm stomach against her back. 
He licked a line from her neck to her ear, taking the earlobe between his teeth and gently suckling it as the tip of his erection pressed against her core.
“You remember the day we were in your flower garden?” he whispered in her ear. 
“Yes,” she somehow managed to say.
“You have no idea how badly I wanted to take you that day, just like this,” he said, slowly pushing inside her.
“Oh, god!” Haley cried out at the sensation of being filled. 
Thankfully, it didn’t hurt like the last time. It felt so good being filled by him like this, so right.
“I’ve imagined fucking you like this at least a dozen times a day since then, my little grasshopper. I think it’s only fitting that we end this the way we started it, don’t you?”
“Jason, what are you-”
He cut her words off with one long, deep thrust. It was followed by another, and then another. His hands covered hers, fingers entwining as he took her slowly. His low groans in her ear and the way he rubbed against her clit every time he slid back inside her had her screaming her release within minutes. Jason groaned in her ear minutes later as she felt his hot release inside her. It felt so good that it set off another orgasm. Jason gently thrust inside her until her arms gave out and she collapsed on the bed, gasping for air.
Somehow, she managed to roll over to make room for Jason, but he wasn’t there. She looked up to find him pulling his zipper back up. 
“Jason?” she said as she slowly sat up. The hurt expression on his face twisted her stomach. She reached out to take his hand only to find him stepping back.
“Goodbye, Haley,” he said softly.
“Jason? Jason!” she cried as her bedroom door shut with an ominous click behind him. 
Chapter 27
One Week Later…
“Jason?” Haley said, gasping for breath.
“Haley?” said the last person on earth that she’d expected to call.
“Dad?” Haley said, sitting down on the arm of her sofa and doing her best to calm her racing heart. She’d been outside weeding her garden and trying to make it through another day without crying when she heard the phone ring. Hoping that it was Jason calling, she ran into the house, desperate to hear his voice.
One whole week without a word and that wasn’t from a lack of trying either. She’d called his phone about a dozen times a day, sent him text messages, and harassed the hell out of his friends and family. So far, no luck. Nobody had any idea where he was. Up until yesterday, she’d convinced herself that he just needed some time and that he’d be back, but that was before the realtor, the same realtor that failed to sell her house, pounded a “For Sale” sign in his front yard. 
Now Haley was desperate to find him. She needed to explain some things to him and probably grovel. Jason wasn’t the only one that screwed up. She needed him back here so that she could fix this before it was too late.
“Do you have a moment?” her father asked.
Frowning, because she couldn’t actually believe that he’d called her, Haley nodded woodenly, then remembered that he couldn’t see her. “Yes. What’s going on?” she asked, wondering why he hadn’t asked his secretary to call to relay whatever message that he needed to give her.
“Your grandmother told me that you took a vacation last week. How was it?” he asked casually, but Haley couldn’t help but feel that there was more to it. This wasn’t like her father to actually take an interest in her life.
“It was fine,” she said, wanting to kick her own butt all over again. It could have been great if she hadn’t overreacted in the first place. Yeah, Jason had screwed up, but it hadn’t deserved the level of drama that she’d created. If only she’d accepted his apology for making love to her for the wrong reasons, they could have had a great time.
She was an idiot. 
“I heard that Jason went with you,” he said, followed by an expectant pause.
“Yes, Jason went with me, Dad. I told you that we were dating,” Haley said, walking over to the bay window and looked out. Her eyes narrowed as she watched Barbara, her ex-realtor, gesture for a middle-aged couple to follow her inside Jason’s house.
“It’s nothing serious, I hope,” he said, drawing Haley’s attention back to the conversation that she’d never expected to have.
“What?”
“You and Jason. Your grandmother said that you were serious, but I didn’t think you’d be foolish to waste your life on someone like that,” her father said, stunning her into silence. Although by now, there really wasn’t much that her family could say or do that would shock her.
Except be willing call her, that is.
“What do you mean by a man like that?” Haley asked, insulted on Jason’s behalf.
He let out a tired sigh. “Haley, do we really need to get into this? We both know that you could do so much better.”
“No, I really couldn’t, Dad. I love Jason.”
“Sweetheart, I know that you think you love him right now, but in time you’ll realize that...well, he’s not good enough for you.”
“And why is that, Dad?” Haley asked tightly, for the first time in her life she didn’t bother pretending that she didn’t care. “Because he works for a living?”
“You know that I don’t have a problem with someone that works, Haley. I work for a living,” he pointed out.
“Then I don’t understand the problem,” she lied because she knew exactly what her family’s problem was the first moment they’d laid eyes on Jason.
“He’s not one of us, Haley. He’ll never fit in. Surely you must realize that, sweetheart. When you stop pretending to be someone that you’re not, you’ll come to realize that Jason just doesn’t stand up to our expectations for you,” he said soothingly.
She laughed without humor. “Oh, now you have expectations for me? Isn’t that convenient. The one time you show concern for me just happens to be when you’re worried that I’ll sully up the bloodlines and marry someone who might embarrass you.”
“Haley, that’s ridiculous and you know it. I love you and care very deeply for you,” he swore. “I’m just watching out for your best interests, sweetheart. In a few years, you’ll see that. Maybe you should give Robert another chance so that the two of-”
“What do I do for a living?” Haley bit out between clenched teeth, cutting him off.
“Excuse me?”
“I asked if you knew what I do for a living,” she repeated.
“You run a daycare,” he said with such conviction that even she almost believed it.
“I teach history at Latin Scribe High School,” she informed him, trying not to cry. She had absolutely no doubt that if she’d asked what committees Rose or Martha were on that he would know the answer, mostly because they were a reflection of him.
“Oh,” he said, sounding surprised. “Congratulations, sweetheart. Why didn’t you tell me that you got the job? We would have held a dinner to celebrate.”
She opened her mouth to remind him that they celebrated her job at her grandmother’s insistence five years ago, but what was the point? He was never going to change and he was never going to care about her until she started living the life that he wanted. 
He’d start giving her attention and some of his precious time if she decided to ask for her trust fund back and dated men like Robert. It wouldn’t matter that Robert was a cheating bastard and would drop her as soon as she slept with him. Her parents only cared about their image. It was kind of funny that her father started out in life by sharing a room with his two brothers in a small two-bedroom cabin, or that his parents worked their asses off so that he could go to college and never have to worry about money. He’d been spoiled and she knew that was Grandma’s biggest regret in life.
“I got the job two weeks ago when I turned thirty,” Haley lied, wondering if her father was going to remember this time. 
Of course, he didn’t.
“Oh, um, did you get my birthday card?” he asked before he covered the phone with his hand from the sounds of it. She heard him mumble to someone, probably his secretary, to send her birthday card out right away.
It looked like she’d be getting three grand in a few days, Haley thought, biting back a sigh. She’d keep the money this time since she already knew what she could use it for.
“Look, sweetheart, the reason that I’m calling is that your mother is having a dinner party next week and we’d like you to come,” he said, not surprising Haley that her mother hadn’t bothered to call her. It just wasn’t worth getting upset about.
“I’ll think about it,” Haley said, not really sure that she wanted to put Jason through that again. 
“We’d really like you there. Robert is very excited to see you again. You know he’s been trying to call you, don’t you? I really think that you should give him another chance, Haley.”
Since Haley doubted that her father knew that his precious Robert had been calling and leaving messages offering to take Haley away for a weekend and “have some fun and prove that his theory that she was wild between the sheets was correct,” she didn’t bother arguing. Then again, her father would probably just laugh it off if she did, because it was someone he approved of. 
“I’m not interested in him, Dad,” Haley said firmly, hoping he’d just let it go. “If I can make it, I’ll be bringing Jason.”
“He’s not good enough, sweetheart,” he said, sounding tired.
“Then neither am I,” she said, hanging up. 
She took one last look at the couple going inside Jason’s house before she walked over to her stereo system and turned it on. She found a heavy metal station, cranked it up all the way until she could actually feel the bass vibrate throughout the house. She pulled off her shirt, threw on a very revealing bikini top, grabbed a bottle of beer and dumped half of it out before heading for her front door.
After mentally promising herself aspirin for the headache that was already forming, she slapped a huge smile on her face and yanked open the door in time to see the realtor and the couple stumbling out of Jason’s house with their ears covered.
When they glared in her direction, she held up her beer and asked, “Who’s thirsty?”
*-*-*-*
“If anyone has a problem with the new computer system, please let my office know immediately,” Headmaster Jenkins said, reaching for his briefcase. “Have a good first day, everyone.”
Jason grabbed the pile of handouts Jenkins piled in front of him and headed for the door. He wasn’t surprised when Haley jumped in front of him. She was a persistent little thing. 
For the past two weeks, she’d been harassing everyone that he knew, looking for him. Nobody would tell her where he was, not because they were on his side, oh hell no. They were all on Team Haley and they made damn sure he knew that when they’d managed to get him on the phone. A week ago, he’d finally had enough and threw his phone out his car somewhere along a back road in New Jersey.
When he’d left Haley, he’d been on the verge of a nervous breakdown. He knew that if he’d stayed, he would have gone back to Haley on his hands and knees, begging her to give him another chance, and he almost had. The only thing that stopped him was the knowledge that Haley would never want him the way that he wanted her.
“You put your house up for sale,” Haley said accusingly, pushing her glasses back up her nose as she glared up at him.
He simply stepped around her and walked out of the teachers’ lounge. Of course, that didn’t stop Haley. In seconds, she was walking right beside him.
“Jason, we need to talk.”
“I think we said everything we had to say two weeks ago, Haley.”
“No, we didn’t, Jason. You left before I could talk to you. Look, would you slow down?” she asked, doubling her efforts to keep up with him.
“No.”
He didn’t want to talk. Hell, he didn’t even want to look at her, but he had no choice in the matter. Until his house sold, he was stuck working here and seeing her every day. 
“Jason, we really need to talk.”
“No.”
She somehow managed to catch up with him and jump in front of him just as he reached his classroom.
He pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed. “Move.”
“No,” she said stubbornly. 
He didn’t have the patience for this shit. “Move out of the way, Haley.”
She shook her head.
“Fine,” Jason said, stepping away from her and heading for her classroom, intending on cutting through her room.
“Fifteen people have looked at your house and not one offer. That’s kind of funny, isn’t it?” Haley asked in an offhand tone, stopping him dead in his tracks. It was the gist of what his realtor had told him last night over the phone when he got in.
“What the hell are you talking about?” he demanded, turning around to glare at her.
Haley made a show of examining her fingernails. “Just that it’s kind of funny that no one has made an offer on your house, especially after all the work you’ve put into it over the past few months.” She looked up from her nails, giving him a smug little smile.
“And how exactly do you know that no one has made me an offer?” Jason asked, narrowing his eyes on her as he took several steps towards her.
Her brows arched up adorably. “A little birdie told me?”
“Uh-huh,” he said, tilting his head to the side to study her. “And what else did this little birdie tell you?’
“That you won’t get one offer on your house until you give me what I want,” she said firmly. There was no doubt in his mind what she wanted.
Friendship.
As much as he would love to be able to stay in Haley’s life and make sure that whatever lucky bastard that ended up with her took care of her, he couldn’t. Not when he knew that he should be the lucky bastard who was allowed to hold her, have a family with her, and grow old with her. 
She was his little grasshopper.
“I can’t give that to you, Haley,” he said hoarsely. “I wish I could, but...but I just can’t. I’m sorry.”
“Then you’re never going to sell your house,” she simply said, shrugging.
“I’m sorry, Haley,” he said, walking away. 
*-*-*-*
“Last chance, Jason!” Haley yelled through the front door. 
Great, he thought, sitting back on the kitchen chair. This was just what he needed. It was bad enough that he was forced to cut Haley out of his life, something that was going to take him a long time to get over, but he didn’t need her going psycho on him. 
Haley was smart and levelheaded. He’d never really expected her to land on his doorstep at eleven o’clock at night, demanding to talk to him like so many women before her. At least, she didn’t sound drunk and wasn’t screaming a bunch of bullshit for his neighbors to hear.
“About time,” he mumbled, rubbing his hands down his face when he didn’t hear anything after a while. Although he was glad that Haley had given up, he couldn’t help but feel a little insulted. Women he’d only fucked once or twice were a lot more persistent and demanding than a woman who claimed she loved him.
Then again, she only loved him as a friend, one that she’d apparently wanted to screw around with for a little while, but a friend, nonetheless. He’d known the entire time they were together that he wasn’t good enough for her, he just never expected Haley to agree. 
It figures, Jason thought acidly, tossing his red pen down on the stack of essays he was grading, that the one woman he wanted only wanted him as a fuck buddy. A year ago, he probably would have been flattered that his shy little neighbor saw him as a stud. Now he just wanted to put his fist through a wall. 
He fought back a yawn as he picked his pen back up and started going through the essays that he’d assigned, wondering what had possessed him to assign an essay on the first day of school. The answer was easy. Haley, and of course the new biology teacher, Mark Armstrong, who hadn’t left her alone all day was responsible for this simple act of stupidity. 
Jason had been forced to watch as Mark flirted with his little grasshopper. When Haley dropped her notebook in the hallway before first period and bent over to pick it up it had taken every last ounce of control to stop himself from ripping apart the bastard as he hungrily licked his lips while he’d watched Haley’s pert little bottom wiggle. Since Jason still needed this job, he’d refrained from killing the bastard and took it out on his students, who now hated him, instead. 
He didn’t give a shit. 
The only thing he cared about was getting the hell out of here with his sanity still intact. He doubted that was going to happen if he was forced to see Haley every day and watch as other men drooled over her. He’d have to find out from his realtor tomorrow what Haley was doing to scare people away.
Right now, he was too damn tired to think of the possibilities. He hadn’t been able to sleep much over the past couple of weeks, another thing that he was going to have to fix. He felt himself starting to doze off as his head dropped forward. This time he didn’t fight it. 
*-*-*-*
“Wake up, Jason,” Haley’s sweet voice had him groaning as his eyes slowly opened.
“Good boy,” she said, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
“Haley?” Jason asked groggily as his eyes slowly focused on her adorable face.
“Mmmhmm,” Haley answered absently as she slowly walked around him, letting her fingers glide over his shoulders.
He went to cover a yawn with his hand only to frown when he realized that his hands were pulled back behind him and...yup, handcuffed. He tried to move his feet and sighed when he realized that his legs were bound to the chair. Great. She really had gone off the deep end.
“Untie me,” he said, sighing.
“Nope,” was Haley’s reply.
“Haley,” he warned through clenched teeth. “Let me go right now.”
“Sorry, I just can’t do that,” she said, stopping in front of him and leaned back against the table, smiling sweetly at him.
Jason tried to yank his arms and legs free, but the handcuffs wouldn’t give. 
“Un-fucking-cuff me! Now!” he roared.
“Sorry. I can’t do that,” Haley simply said, pushing her glasses back up her nose.
“Haley, I swear to god if you don’t let me go-”
“Why don’t we get started?” she asked brightly, cutting him off.
He closed his eyes, praying for patience he sure as hell didn’t have. “Haley, it’s over. You need to accept it and let me go. Please,” he all but begged. She was killing him. Losing her was the hardest thing he’d ever gone through. He needed her to let go so that he could find some way to cope with the loss without losing his sanity or what was left of his heart. 
“No, it’s not.” 
“Yes, it is,” Jason said, opening his eyes to find Haley studying him with her head tilted to the side.
 “You know,” she said, pushing away from the table, “you don’t look very comfortable.”
“That’s because I’m not. Untie me, Haley,” he snapped, yanking on his handcuffs again.
With a sigh, she knelt down in front of him, ignoring the glare he was sending her and laid her hands on his knees. Jason watched as she licked her lips and smiled sweetly up at him.
“Did you miss me?” Haley asked as she gently caressed his knees.
“No,” he lied. 
He’d missed her so goddamn much. Those two weeks away from her had been a living hell and one that he knew he’d be reliving again very soon.
“Well, I missed you,” Haley mumbled softly, running her hands over his thighs slowly.
Jason shook his head in regret. “Haley, we can’t be friends.”
She shrugged it off. “I know,” she said as she ran her hands down the inside of his thighs, letting her nails lightly scratch him. He sucked in a breath as she ran her nails all the way back to his knees and then, back up his thighs.
“I don’t want to be friends,” Haley said, running her hands over his stomach and chest. He had to force himself to focus on their conversation and not on how good her hands felt on him.
“I’m not going to be your fuck buddy,” Jason bit out angrily. Even though he knew that he should happily accept anything she was willing to give him, he couldn’t. He wanted all of her and wasn’t willing to settle for anything less.
“That’s not going to work for me either,” she said, slowly loosening his tie and pulling it away from him. She met his eyes as her nimble little fingers unbuttoned his shirt. 
“Then what the hell do you want?” he asked, trying not to lick his lips in pleasure as she ran her nails teasingly down his chest and stomach. When she reached his navel, she flattened her hands against him and slid them up until she was pushing his shirt away, exposing his chest to her greedy eyes.
She ignored his question and traced her fingers softly over his muscles and chest, instead. When she ran her thumbs over his flat nipples, he had to bite back a hiss. Haley gave him a knowing smile as she leaned forward. 
“Have I ever told you how much I love your body?” she asked softly against his stomach as she pressed a kiss against his skin. He watched as she licked a trail from his navel to his left peck. He hissed as she ran her warm wet tongue over his nipple. 
His head dropped back with a loud groan as she licked her way to the right side and teased his other nipple. When she flicked her wicked little tongue over the flat nipple, his dick went from half-mast to steel in seconds.
He licked his lips as he shifted to make some room in his suddenly tight pants. Haley’s hands slid back to his thighs as she kissed and licked her way to his neck. When she pulled his earlobe between her teeth, he couldn’t help but moan.
“Did you miss me?” Haley asked as she teased his ear. “Even a little?” 
Christ, he couldn’t think, never mind answer her. 
“Hmm, why don’t we see what else we can do to make you more comfortable, shall we?” Haley asked, smiling against his neck.
He raised his head when he felt her move away from him. Panting, he watched her sit back on her haunches as she ran her hands over his thighs. Every time she ran her hands closer to where he needed her, he groaned in frustration. 
“Fuck!” he gasped when Haley leaned forward and pressed a kiss against the bulge in his pants. 
“Tell me that you missed me,” Haley said quietly as she leaned back slightly and ran her hand over the bulge between his legs, lightly gripping it before reaching for his belt.
He stubbornly shook his head. As much as his body screamed for her touch, he couldn’t do this. Haley deserved to be with someone she loved, someone who made her happy and as much as it pained him to admit it, it wasn’t him.
 “Stop.”
Chapter 28
“Stop!” Jason begged.
Haley finished pulling his belt loose, unbuttoned his pants, and had his zipper down before he could say it again. She sat back, leaving his pants open and revealing the large bulge now hidden only by his gray boxer briefs.
“Okay,” Haley said soothingly as Jason sucked in a deep breath and visibly relaxed.
She knew that she was pushing him, but she had no choice. Jason was being so damn stubborn and wouldn’t listen to her. She mentally tsked him as she stood up. If only he’d stuck around two weeks ago, he’d know exactly how much she wanted him and how sorry she was that she’d hurt him.
There was no doubt in her mind that she’d hurt him, and she hated herself for it. Months ago, when she’d welcomed Jason into her life, she’d been so foolish to think that she was done with placing people into groups to protect herself. All she’d managed to do was hurt both of them and push Jason away.
When she’d told herself that there could never be anything more with Jason, she’d been foolish. She’d been so frightened to let herself truly love him and hope for a future that she’d convinced herself that is was impossible. She’d been so damn selfish and because of that, she’d hurt the man she loved. 
Now he was hurting and trying his best to take care of her by protecting her. As much as it warmed her heart that he’d do anything to make her happy, she was actually pretty pissed. His stubbornness was only delaying the inevitable. She’d break out the fists of fury to knock some sense into him, but she didn’t want to hurt him.
So, that left only one thing...
Biting back a smile, she stood up and leaned back against the kitchen table. She’d never done anything like this before, but this was for Jason. It didn’t hurt that he was handcuffed and couldn’t stop her.
“Are you sure you want me to stop?” she asked coyly.
“Yes,” he hissed, still panting.
“Hmmm, then perhaps we should just talk?” Haley suggested as she stepped out of her high heels. 
Jason’s eyes narrowed on the action as he absently nodded. 
“I think we should forget about being friends, Haley, and go our separate ways,” he said, looking up, but not quite meeting her eyes. “Once my house sells, I’m moving away for good.”
“That’s really not going to work for me,” Haley said, reaching up and slowly unbuttoning her silk blouse. 
“That’s too damn bad, Haley! I’m moving. You need to move on,” he snapped, clearly trying not to watch as she revealed a black lacy bra.
“Have you moved on?” she casually asked, gently shrugging out of her shirt. 
“Yes,” he said without any hesitation. 
 “I see,” Haley said, biting back a smile as his eyes practically devoured her.
She reached back and released the fastenings on her skirt and watched as Jason followed the skirt as it hit the floor, hesitating at the matching black panties. Haley stepped out of the skirt and kicked it aside before leaning back against the table.
“So,” she said, tracing the top of her bra with the tip of her finger, “you’re over me?”
“Yes.”
“I guess this means that you want me to get dressed and leave,” she said, having absolutely no intention of leaving until he was hers.
He hesitated, making her smile. “Yes.”
“That’s a damn shame,” Haley said, reaching up between her breasts and undoing the front clasp. She held the cups together as she studied him. He couldn’t seem to stop shifting in his chair or take his eyes off her. 
“What is?” Jason asked distractedly.
“Well, what if I don’t want it to be over?” Haley asked, slowly peeling away each cup, revealing her breasts.
Jason cursed softly as she let the bra drop to the floor. “You don’t care,” she started to ask as she spread her legs to give him a better view of what waited for him, “if another man touches me?” 
She watched a large muscle in his clenched jaw twitch while she absently ran the tips of her fingers of one hand over her breast and down her stomach.
“No, I don’t,” he bit out coldly.
“Really?” she asked, turning so that she could lean over the table and grab the Tupperware bowl she’d brought with her. She looked over her shoulder and bit back a smile when she caught Jason licking his lips hungrily as he ran his eyes over her bottom.
“I guess then I should tell you that Mark, the new biology teacher, asked me out tomorrow night. Dinner at his house,” she said offhandedly, popping the top of the container as she watched his reaction.
His eyes snapped up to hers and she couldn’t help but notice all the muscles in his neck and chest going taut.
“It’s none of my business,” he ground out.
She picked up the bowl, turned, and knelt down in front of him. 
“What the hell are you doing?” he asked, shifting nervously.
Haley pulled her bottom lip between her teeth as she placed the bowl on the floor. She reached over and pulled his boxer briefs down, releasing his rather angry looking erection. She resisted the urge to run her fingers down it.
“There, that looks more comfortable,” Haley murmured as she picked up the bowl again.
“Oh, god...is that buttercream frosting?” Jason asked in a strangled voice
“Mmmhmm,” Haley said, dipping her finger in the frosting and making a show of licking it off. “Mmmm.” She dipped her finger in the delicious frosting again. “I believe I owe you,” she said, reaching up and smearing the frosting over one of his nipples.
He hissed in a breath when she leaned over and licked it off. “The deal was that I licked an entire bowl off of you,” Jason said between clenched teeth.
“But this is so much more fun,” Haley said, scooping up more frosting. She gave him a sly smile as she reached over and smeared the frosting over the underside of his hard cock. “A lot more fun.”
*-*-*-*
Jason groaned long and loud at the first swipe of her tongue. Christ, it was a lot more fun than he’d imagined. Granted, it would be a lot more fun to lick it off her breasts and off her round little bottom. He watched as Haley traced her tongue over his cock, slowly licking off the buttercream frosting. 
He should stop this. It wasn’t right to lead her to believe that he’d stick around, but when she took the tip into her mouth and sucked hard, he couldn’t do anything more than moan and pant.
She took her time licking him clean, clearly enjoying herself. Finally, when she’d licked off all the frosting, she released his cock with a loud pop. With a soft grip, she ran her hand down his length. 
“You’d be fine with me doing this for another man?” she asked.
His breaths came quicker as he imagined his little grasshopper doing this for anyone else. He couldn’t deal with it. He knew that he’d fucking kill any man that so much as touched her never mind did this. 
Fuck it.
She was his.
He didn’t care if she didn’t love him the way that he loved her. It didn’t matter. He’d more than make up for it. He’d spoil the hell out of her and keep her in orgasmic bliss so that she wouldn’t realize that she was settling.
“No one else touches you, Haley. No. One.”
“What about you?” she asked shyly, rising to her feet. 
“Only me,” Jason promised as she shimmied out of her panties. She grabbed something off the kitchen table and walked around him. He heard the click of the handcuffs as she released each hand and foot.
When she was done, she tossed the key on the table and walked out of the room towards his bedroom. Jason wasted no time in pulling his pants and underwear off the rest of the way. He walked into his room and nearly sighed with relief when he spotted his little grasshopper waiting for him on his bed.
He walked over and climbed onto the bed. Without a word, he picked up her left leg and pressed a kiss against her calf before setting it back down to the side. He did the same for the other leg, exposing heaven on earth. He leaned over and pressed a kiss against her swollen wet lips, earning an enticing moan.
“Just so we’re clear,” Jason said, running the tip of his tongue between her slit, “you’re marrying me.”
“Just so we’re clear, I decided that two weeks ago,” Haley said, earning a pained chuckle from him. “I’m in love with you, Jason,” she said softly, running her fingers through his hair. 
He raised his eyes to watch her. “You’re not in love with me,” he somehow managed to say. He knew that she didn’t love him the way that he loved her, but it felt like a physical blow to have to say it out loud.
 “Ow!” Jason hissed. “What the hell was that for?” he demanded.
Haley sighed heavily as she gently rubbed the spot that she’d just pinched.
“How can you say that I don’t love you?”
“Easily!” he snapped, moving away from her and sitting back on his haunches. 
Haley quickly got to her knees and glared up at him. Well, as best as she could since she’d taken her glasses off. She poked him in the chest, hard.
“Listen to me, buddy! I am head over heels in love with you and if you think that you’re going to pull another snit and get out of marrying me, then you’re crazy!”
He shifted closer. “I’m pulling another snit?” he practically roared. “I’m not the one who started all of this bullshit!” He grabbed her by the back of her neck and held her as he leaned down closer. “But I can damn well promise that I’m going to be the one to fix it.”
“What the hell does that mean?” she asked, mimicking his hold on her as she drew him closer.
“It means, my little grasshopper,” he said, releasing her neck abruptly so that he could reach down and grab her by the back of her thighs. With a quick flick of his wrists, he sent her falling back onto the bed. 
Before she could scramble away, he was kneeling between her legs with his painfully hard cock in hand and running it between her pouty wet lips the way he knew drove her crazy. She squirmed against him almost desperately.
“It means that I’m not taking a chance that you’ll change your mind. You’re marrying me this weekend and that’s final!” Jason snarled, licking his lips as Haley rubbed her wet pussy over the underside of his cock.
Her answering smile stole his breath away. She looked so damn beautiful. He knew he’d fucked up his proposal, but that didn’t really faze him since he had a tendency to fuck this kind of thing up. Besides, he wasn’t going to ask her to marry him. That would have been fucking stupid since it would have given her a chance to say no. She was marrying him. It really was the only way to keep her safe, Jason decided as she rolled her hips and took the tip of his cock inside her.
“Are you going to make love to me, or do I have to break out the fists of fury?” she asked, moaning.
He leaned over and covered her body with his. “Definitely going to make love to you,” Jason said against her neck as he rolled his hips, feeding her his cock. He took her mouth in a hungry kiss, tangling his tongue with hers as he gently thrust inside her, inch by inch. She was still so damn tight and felt so fucking good wrapped around him.
 “I-oh, god!” Haley moaned loudly.
“What do you want, baby?” Jason asked, pulling his cock all the way before sliding back in, slowly. He groaned at the sensation of a thousand hot wet little tongues licking his cock.
“I love you!” Haley cried out as he ground himself against her. He pressed a kiss to her shoulder as he continued to grind himself against her. “I love you, too,” he said, turning his head to look down at her. “More than anything.”
She fisted his hair and yanked his mouth down to hers. He reached between them and slid his thumb between her slit and over her swollen clit. Haley cried out into his mouth as he quickened his pace and rubbed the nub harder and faster. 
“Oh fuck,” he ground out as she clamped down tightly around him and squeezed him unmercifully, leaving him gasping for breath and pounding into her without any finesse. He was barely aware of her nails digging into his ass or her little blunt teeth biting into his shoulder as she screamed his name. His release came on him so damn hard and fast that he couldn’t hold back his roar of ecstasy as Haley squeezed him dry.
He collapsed against her, careful to keep most of his weight off her. He pressed a kiss to her damp shoulder. 
“Just so you know,” she said, panting just as hard as he was, “the next time you try to leave me. I’m going to kick your ass.”
Jason had to bury his face against her shoulder to stop himself from laughing out loud. She was just so damn cute.
“Stop laughing at me! I’m a threat, damn it!”
Jason pressed a gentle kiss to her lips.
“No, you’re my sweet little grasshopper.”
Epilogue
Ten years later...
“But, Dad, we’re going to starve!” Cole complained, again, as he dropped to the ground, doing his best to look like he was dying. Of course, eight-year-old Elizabeth and five-year-old Joshua copied their older brother, dropping to the ground right beside Jason’s feet and doing their best to out pout the other.
Jason chuckled as he added more burgers and chicken to the large stainless-steel grill he’d bought yesterday. 
“Don’t you love us, daddy?” Elizabeth asked, adding just the right amount of lip trembling while Joshua overdid it. Jason sighed, throwing more hot dogs onto the grill. It seemed that he was going to have to work on appearing pathetic with his youngest son again. An amateur pout like that could mean the difference between Haley feeling sorry for all of them and baking some delicious treats to shut them the hell up or her rolling her eyes and ignoring them.
“I so hungie, daddy,” Joshua said, using the baby voice that he knew his parents were suckers for. 
Jason looked down at his children and did his best not to laugh at their over-exaggerated pouts. They were so damn cute, but that was to be expected since they were his kids. All three of them took after him in height, dark hair, and appetite, but they all had their mother’s beautiful emerald eyes, cute little nose and the ability to brighten up a room with their smiles.
Pursing his lips in indecision, Jason looked around their large backyard for his little grasshopper. When he didn’t find her among their guests, he stepped back and craned his neck to look through the kitchen’s double-glass sliding doors. He spotted his parents, a few cousins and uncles, but no little grasshopper. 
When he looked back at his kids, he wasn’t too shocked to find them already back on their feet, looking ready to pounce. They knew the drill, after all.
“Take this plate,” he said, grabbing a plate off the large picnic table he’d set up as his workstation, “and go hide. Make sure you share, because if I hear any whining, I’m not doing this again.” He threw another cautious look over his shoulder before loading up the plate with three large barbeque chicken legs. 
“After you’re done, make sure that you get rid of the evidence and, Cole,” he said, looking over his shoulder at his oldest son, who was licking his lips hungrily, “make sure that your brother and sister remember to wash up this time.”
The last time they’d snuck food at a party, Cole innocently denied eating the double chocolate birthday cake. Haley would have probably bought their story if Elizabeth and Joshua hadn’t been covered from head to toe in chocolate frosting. Then again, he wouldn’t have been caught if the kids hadn’t ratted his ass out.
He handed the large plate to Cole. “Pick a better spot this time,” Jason warned his son. 
Cole nodded. “Can we have some-”
“Jason Bradford!” his mother said, drawing their attention towards the house. They all swallowed noticeably when they spotted Haley standing next to his mother with her arms crossed over her chest and her cute little brows arched.
“Please tell me that you’re not already sneaking food,” his little grasshopper said on a tired sigh.
“No, of course not-run kids! Run!” Jason yelled even as Cole took off towards the woods with his brother and sister hot on his heels.
His mother let out a long-suffering sigh as she walked over to the table and picked up the small box of baby wipes and three juice boxes from one of the large coolers and headed after them.
Jason gave Haley the grin that still got him out of parking tickets and earned him unlimited free samples at the grocery store. Haley simply stared at him, pushing her glasses back up her nose with one finger.
“I love you?” Jason said, trying not to laugh as Haley tried to look stern and failed miserably.
“They’re my cupcakes, you greedy bastards!” they heard his father yell from the kitchen.
Haley’s lips twitched as she said, “Between you, the kids, and your father, I don’t think there will be enough food for everyone.”
“But they were starving, my little grasshopper. The poor things were barely able to move from hunger,” Jason said, trying to look innocent as he shifted closer to the grill so that she wouldn’t see the plate of chicken bones that he forgot to hide.
“Those poor things conned Mitch out of the two plates of peanut butter cup bars that Mary brought, twenty minutes ago,” Haley informed him, chuckling.
“They what?” he snapped, causing everyone around them to jump. He ignored them as he turned a glare in the direction his children headed. The sense of betrayal hit hard. Not only had they conned the softhearted Mitch out of delicious baked goods that were meant for him, but they’d failed to give him his customary cut of the action, fifty percent.
“Yup,” Haley said, walking past him to grab a cold soda from the cooler. She rolled her eyes when she spotted the chicken bones and perched her cute little ass on the end of the picnic table. “As soon as he walked in and put the baby down, they hit him with ‘I love you, Uncle Mitch’ and hugs and he was a goner.”
Jason’s glare shifted to his best friend, who was lounging in a chair with his wife, Mary, Haley’s best friend, on his lap. Their baby played in the sandbox close by as their two oldest children ran around with the other kids playing tag.
Ten years ago, Mitch would have simply taunted and teased the kids with the baked goods until someone hit him upside the head and made him share, but that had all changed when Haley asked the bastard to do her a favor. Back then, Mary had been a struggling single parent of a newborn and was barely getting by on less than an hour of sleep a night. 
As a favor to Haley, and after much manipulation on Haley’s part, Mitch reluctantly volunteered to run some food, formula, and diapers over to Mary’s small apartment. Mary opened the door with messy hair, dried spit-up on her clothes, looking exhausted, holding a screaming baby girl and Mitch had fallen hard.
Almost overnight, the old Mitch had disappeared, and the new softhearted family-oriented man had taken his place. He’d started spending all his free time helping Mary, making sure that she got enough rest, and taking care of little Tabitha much to everyone’s shock. Everyone knew that Mary had fallen equally hard for him, but she’d held back, too afraid to end up hurt again. It took some time, but Mitch eventually wore her down and within a year they were married and expecting their second child.
“Did no one try and stop him?” Jason demanded, turning his attention back on his little grasshopper, who was helping Brad’s son, Aaron, make up a plate of food.
Haley chuckled softly as she sent the little boy on his way. “Everyone was too busy laughing.”
“Those were my peanut butter cup bars, woman!”
“But,” Haley said with an innocent little pout, “the poor things were starving.”
“You’re mocking me, aren’t you?” Jason asked, his lips twitching as Haley walked into his arms. He put an arm around her shoulders and pressed a kiss to the top of her head. 
“Yes, yes, I am,” Haley said, sounding proud as she snuggled closer.
He held her for a few minutes, simply enjoying having his little grasshopper in his arms before he asked the question he hated asking, “Did they show up?”
“No,” she mumbled against his chest.
Jason leaned back and cupped her face in his hands. “I’m really sorry, my little grasshopper,” he said softly, pressing a kiss to her forehead. He hadn’t really expected them to show up to celebrate their tenth anniversary, but he had hoped that they would for Haley’s sake.
No matter how many years passed, he still couldn’t rid himself of the guilt he felt every time her family disappointed her. After they’d announced their elopement, her family had gone a bit hysterical. They’d screamed, ranted, and begged Haley not to throw her life away on a loser like him. They hadn’t cared that he’d been in the room at the time. 
Finally, Grandma had put an end to the bullshit and started swinging that cane of hers. Ten minutes later, while Mr. Blaine was rubbing a sore knee, he wrote a check in Jason’s name for a hundred thousand dollars and all he had to do was walk away from Haley. Turning down that money had been the easiest decision he’d ever made. He just wished Haley and the kids weren’t the ones suffering because of him.
They’d completely cut Haley off and refused to have anything to do with the kids. He knew that it hurt Haley, but she never let it show. Thankfully, he had enough family to more than make up for the loss. 
“It’s okay,” Haley said, forcing a smile.
“The hell it is!” 
They both looked down and smiled as Grandma glared up at them from her new electric wheelchair. With a flick of her hand, she gestured for Jason to load her up. With a smile, he did just that. 
Having Haley’s grandmother move in with them five years ago when Chris retired, and they’d finished building this house, had probably made up for her family’s neglect. Haley and the kids loved having her with them and Grandma loved having her own in-law apartment and the freedom to harass them any time she felt the need arise.
“I don’t know why you keep inviting them, Haley,” Grandma said, gesturing for Jason to add another hot dog. “They don’t deserve you.”
Haley shrugged. “It wouldn’t feel right if I didn’t.”
Grandma gave Haley a sad smile. “I know, kiddo.” 
“Here you go, Grandma,” Jason said, placing the plate on one of the tables the guys had set up that morning. She reached out and gave Haley’s hand a squeeze before she rode over to the cooler and grabbed an ice-cold beer. With a long-suffering sigh, Jason grabbed the beer away from her, ignored her glare, and handed her an ice-cold root beer instead.
Haley couldn’t help but smile as the two got into a bickering match over Grandma’s right to have a beer at a barbeque. Jason reminded her that her doctor said no alcohol and Grandma reminded Jason that she’d take him over her knee if he didn’t give her the damn beer.
In the end, Grandma grumbled as she ate her meal with an ice-cold Coke. She threw Jason a fond smile when he wasn’t looking. Five minutes later, the kids were happily skipping out of the woods with an exhausted Megan pulling up the rear.
“Grandma!” they said excitedly as if they didn’t see their great grandmother every day. Grandma didn’t bother hiding her pleased smile as all three children sat down with her and shared their latest adventures with her. Megan grabbed a beer and headed for the pool, muttering something about needing a vacation. 
Haley leaned against Jason as he flipped burgers. “You okay, my little grasshopper?”
She wrapped her arms around his waist and snuggled into his side. “More than okay.”
“I love you, Haley,” he said, leaning down to brush his lips against hers.
“I know,” she said, smiling against his lips.
He pulled back to grin down at her. “You know?”
“Mmhmm,” Haley said absently as she ran her fingers through his hair, smoothing it back.
“Mmmhmm?” he repeated back, sounding amused. “You love me and you damn well know it.”
“Maybe,” she said with a shrug.
“Maybe you should just admit that you’re crazy about me,” he said, leaning in to kiss her again.
“And why would you want me to do that?” she asked, still smiling.
“Because I’m playing for keeps, my little grasshopper.”

Sneak Peeks at…
Perfection: A Neighbor from Hell Novel
&
Devastated: An Anger Management Novel

Perfection: A Neighbor from Hell Novel
Chapter 1
“You stupid bitch! You ruined my life!”
“Mrs. Sands, wait!” Zoe cried, holding her hands in front of her face as she desperately tried to back up in her small cubicle only to bang into the cheap, off-white colored plastic wall, leaving her with nowhere to go and a seriously pissed off woman holding the extra-large iced coffee that Zoe had bought ten minutes earlier, coming her way. “Please don’t-” 
Her words were cut off by a stunned gasp as twenty-four freezing ounces of her much-needed caffeine fix hit her in the face, neck, and chest, instantly drenching her.
“You’ll pay for what you did!” Mrs. Sands screamed, pulling her hand back to slap Zoe. Thankfully someone, probably Mr. Sands, had already called security and the two large burly guys that she passed every morning in the downstairs lobby grabbed Mrs. Sands and yanked her back before she could make good on the murderous glare she was sending Zoe’s way.
“Bitch!” Mrs. Sands screamed, trying to lunge for Zoe as the guards dragged her away. The woman continued to kick and screech promises of revenge as she was carried off the tenth floor.
With a shaky hand, Zoe reached out and grabbed her wobbly office chair. She carefully sat down, making sure to keep most of her weight off the front left wheel. When the chair didn’t collapse and drop her ass on the floor, again, she counted herself lucky. 
“I told you to keep your mouth shut,” John, the office asshole, said in a bored tone as he walked past Zoe’s cubicle.
Yeah, he really had and she was kicking herself for not listening to him when she’d had the chance. With a groan, she dropped her face into her hands and wondered if anyone would notice if she left work a little early today. Of course, they would, she thought miserably. The penny-pinching managers watched their employees like hawks, never missing a thing, ready to swoop in and attack at the slightest blunder.
She’d lost count of how many times she’d been written up for “excessive office supply waste” for not reusing paper clips, leaving her computer running for two minutes while she used the bathroom, throwing away paper instead of finding a new use for it, and her absolute favorite, using more than one staple on a packet. If she tried to leave even one minute early, they’d know and for the next week, they’d double her workload to get back the time they believed she owed them.
After three long years, she was too tired to argue or care. At this point, she was resigned to come in at eight-thirty on the dot, put in eight and half hours, work through her unpaid lunch break as was required and then go home to the new hell that she was beginning to hate. 
Two months ago, when her landlord unceremoniously evicted her so that his eighteen-year-old daughter and her thirty-two-year-old boyfriend could have her apartment, she’d been desperate to find a decent apartment that she could afford on her meager salary. 
When she found a beautiful two-level townhouse located in a decent neighborhood for two hundred dollars less than her old apartment, she’d been ecstatic and snatched it up quickly, hoping that it was a sign that maybe things were going to start looking up for her. She really should have known better since nothing in life ever seemed to go her way.
Her first clue should have been the fact that the tenant renting the other unit in the townhouse was her new landlord’s nephew. Over the years she’d dealt with that situation enough times that she should have realized from the start that it was going to be a problem. Landlord’s relatives were ruder, louder, and had a huge sense of entitlement that made them believe that it was okay to make the rest of the tenants’ lives a living hell. She’d learned early on not to complain to the landlord when his kid had all-night parties, shouting matches until three in the morning, or when their grandkids detonated water balloons in her mailbox. The result just wasn’t worth it.
So, when her new neighbor did things like park his pickup truck halfway in her parking spot, leaving her with no choice but to park on the street and risk a parking ticket, she shut her mouth and sucked it up. She knew enough to know that complaining wouldn’t help. Whenever he did something to piss her off like steal her paper, blast his television all night, or track mud into their small hallway and all over her cute puppy themed welcome mat, she bit her lip and kept quiet, reminding herself that even with the jerk next door the townhouse was still the best place she’d ever lived in. 
“What are you still doing here?” a harsh voice demanded.
Zoe looked up, half-afraid that she’d find Mrs. Sands standing there ready for round two. Instead, she found the woman’s husband, Mr. Sands, standing in her cubicle opening, glaring at her with disgust. That was a little unexpected, considering that she was the one who’d realized that five million dollars had been embezzled over the past six years and found the proof that linked Mrs. Sands to the theft. Then again, she could certainly understand why he was in such a pissy mood since his wife had just screwed him over.
“I asked why you’re still here, Miss O’Shea. Your employment was terminated an hour ago. I expected you to leave immediately,” he said coldly.
“W-what?” Zoe asked, jumping to her feet quickly, too quickly. Her chair fell back with a loud groan while two of the wheels popped off and rolled somewhere beneath her desk. “Why am I fired?”
It didn’t make any sense. Most bosses would appreciate finding out that someone had stolen from them, right? She hadn’t expected them to be happy, but grateful wouldn’t exactly hurt, especially right now.
With a drawn-out sigh, Mr. Sands gestured for one of the security guards who’d dragged Mrs. Sands away to step forward. Zoe automatically took a nervous step back.
“Please remove her before she destroys any more company property,” Mr. Sands ordered, sounding bored as he stepped away.
Destroy company property? With a frown, she looked down at the chair that had given her nothing but problems over the last three years and by this point, consisted mostly of duct tape. Before she could tell him that the chair had been given to her already broken, the large security guard had her by the arm and her worn black purse in the other hand and was dragging her towards the elevator.
“Hey!” she said, desperately trying to dig her feet into the cheap, paper-thin carpet in a vain attempt to stop him. “Why am I being fired?” she asked, reaching out to grab the wall of one of the cubicles only to have the security guard yank her away. Desperate, she grabbed another wall. Damn cheap plastic walls, she thought as her hand slipped off the cubicle wall. 
“I don’t understand why you’re firing me. I’m not the one who stole!” she cried as she was dragged into the elevator. She reached out and slapped her hands against the edge of the elevator door to stop the doors from closing so that she could get her answer.
Mr. Sands shrugged. “Because you should have found it sooner,” he said, leaving her absolutely stunned. 
Her hands dropped away, allowing the elevator doors to close and her world to crumble. 
What the hell was she going to do now?
“I would have kept my mouth shut,” the security guard mumbled.
Zoe sighed unhappily. “I really am an idiot.”
“Yup.”
*-*-*-*
“Please, please, don’t be in my spot,” Zoe chanted softly as she slowly turned the corner, wishing that she knew how to change, or at least temporarily fix, her windshield wipers while she did her best to squint through the heavy downpour. 
A moment later, she slowly came to a stop in front of her house....at least she hoped it was her house. With a small groan, she rolled down the driver’s side window and tried not to cringe when the action was accompanied by a grinding noise. Once it was down, Zoe leaned out and tried to make out the color of the townhouse. It was the wrong color, but at least now she knew that she only had two more houses to go.
A car raced past her, sending a wave of muddy water slamming against her car as it crashed through a large puddle, thoroughly soaking her. This day could not get any worse, she thought with a forlorn sigh as she wiped mud out of her eyes only to be proven wrong seconds later when somebody behind her blasted the horn. With a resigned sigh, she started driving again, but apparently not fast enough for the people behind her, who voiced their displeasure with her twenty-yard drive by blasting their horns.
After the day she’d had, she wasn’t exactly surprised when she spotted Trevor’s pickup truck parked in the middle of the short doublewide driveway that they were supposed to share. Groaning, she did her best to ignore the cars driving past her slow enough so that they could flip her off with a special blast of their horns just in case she hadn’t quite gotten the message the first time while she carefully parked her car between two large pickup trucks across the street.
When she tried to close her window, she received a rather pleasant surprise when the window closed quietly. Well, that was a relief, she thought, grabbing her purse and climbing out of the car. At least she wouldn’t have to worry about paying three hundred dollars to have her windows fixed, again. She closed the door and turned to walk across the street when an odd swooshing sound caught her attention. Praying that is was just a product of her overactive imagination, Zoe turned around and frowned. 
Why did the window look so weird? 
She pushed her wet hair out of her face and leaned forward to get a better look. It didn’t take long before she realized why her window looked so weird. Her window had come off its tracks for probably the hundredth time this year. Dropping her purse, she wiped her wet hands clean on her soaked skirt and grabbed the edge of the window. She tried to pull the window back up only to have it slip through her hands and slide down several inches before it apparently became stuck again.
“Oh no you don’t!” she muttered, determined to stop the window from sliding back down into the door where it would have to stay until she could scrounge up the money to have it fixed. With no job or prospects, there was also a very good chance that she’d be living out of her car soon and she wanted to keep it dry and mold-free.
It took several minutes, but she finally managed to pull the window back up several inches. One last pull should do it, she hoped, gripping the window tightly and pulled as hard as she could. When the window slid up easily, she couldn’t help but chuckle. Finally, things were-
Her hands slipped and before she could grab the window, it dropped into the door and if the noise that followed was any indication, cracked. She stared numbly at the empty window for a long moment before she picked up her purse, not surprised when the strap broke off or when the heel on her left shoe snapped off a minute later. 
Clutching her ruined purse to her chest, she wobbled towards the front door, only getting stuck in the mud twice and losing one shoe, the right one, before she found herself on the front porch, searching her drenched purse for her keys. By the time she found them, she was shivering violently from the cold and close to crying for the first time in five years. 
She opened the door and spotted her now mud-caked puppy welcome mat and sighed. Deciding that there were worse things in life than a ruined doormat, she let herself into her apartment, praying that her next-door neighbor took it easy on her tonight since she wasn’t sure that she could handle much more. 
Doing her best not to ruin her landlord’s carpeting, she made her way over to the phone, deciding that she needed the ultimate pick me up after the day she had. She knew she shouldn’t, especially since she would have to live off what little savings she had left, but she just couldn’t help herself. She called up Black Jack’s Pizzeria and ordered the special, a two-liter bottle of Coke, a large order of chicken fingers with extra honey mustard sauce, and an extra-large, extra-thick Chicago style pizza called The Monster.
For once, the customary one hour wait for delivery didn’t bother her. She pulled off her mud-soaked shoe and stockings and made her way upstairs to her bedroom. She grabbed a change of clothes on her way to the bathroom, praying that her surprisingly quiet neighbor remained that way.
She quickly pulled off her soaked, coffee-stained, and mud-splattered suit and looked it over. As long as she pretreated the stains and washed it tonight, it should be fine, at least she hoped it would. She didn’t exactly have the funds needed to go out and buy a new suit for job interviews. This one, with the aid of many interchangeable blouses, had lasted for three years and she’d been counting on it to last another two.
After a five-minute search, she found her bottle of generic stain pretreatment behind the box of condoms she’d bought, what was it now? Three years ago? Or was it five? The realization that she hadn’t had sex in over five years was rather depressing, she thought, tossing the condoms back under the bathroom sink so that she wouldn’t have to look at the reminder that her love life, social life, and professional life just plain sucked.
She liberally sprayed her suit, only wondering if the chemicals in the pretreatment would harm her suit after she sprayed it. Knowing her luck, the chemicals would probably chew through the imitation silk shirt and stain the suit jacket with large weird-shaped polka dots.
With a resigned sigh, she left the suit on the sink counter, climbed into her bathtub, and turned on the shower. For the first time all day, she felt herself relax. She stood beneath the hot spray for several minutes just enjoying the hot water before she applied shampoo to her hair. 
A loud squeal escaped her as the water pressure suddenly dropped and the temperature went from comfortably hot to excruciatingly hot in seconds. Startled, she jumped back, slipped, landed on her butt, and cringed as shampoo seeped into her eyes. 
“Ow, ow, owie!” she mumbled frantically as her eyes began to sting and her butt throbbed. She wasn’t entirely sure which one bothered her more at the moment, but she knew which one she could fix.
Taking a deep breath, she shoved her head beneath the hot water, silently cursing the low water pressure that was actually pushing more soap into her closed eyes. At least the water began to cool, she thought on a sigh before she squealed again seconds later when the water went ice cold and she was forced to stand up, hoping that would help the still low water pressure rinse her hair out faster.
It didn’t.
Gasping, she ran her fingers through her long thick hair and tried to hurry the process. Minutes later she was jumping out of the shower and cursing the bastard next door for not only flushing the toilet but for taking a shower at the same time as her. The least the jerk could have done when he’d realized that she was also taking a shower was to wait for her to finish. 
Still grumbling five minutes later and thankfully dressed in warm clothes, Zoe grabbed her basket of dirty laundry, a roll of quarters, her damn near-empty bottle of laundry detergent and headed downstairs. Unfortunately, she didn’t have a private entrance to the basement, so she was forced to balance her basket of laundry while she did her best not to step in one of the dozen or so mud splotches that decorated the hallway floor. 
She walked to the door at the end of the small hallway and flicked the light switch on for the stairs, all while hoping that the jerk hadn’t tracked mud down the stairs because she really didn’t need to fall on her ass again tonight. Zoe sighed in relief when she spotted the clean pine stairs and headed down to the small laundry room. 
It wasn’t until she’d placed her basket on the washing machine that she’d realized that she’d forgotten her suit. She half-debated leaving it for another day, but she didn’t want to take the chance of landing an interview tomorrow and having nothing to wear but jeans.
With a tired sigh, she left her basket and headed upstairs. At least she had Black Jack’s pizza to comfort her later, she reminded herself.
Chapter 2
How in the hell had he run out of food? Trevor wondered as he looked in the freezer again, hoping there was something to eat hiding behind the ice cube trays. 
There wasn’t. 
Well, there was a box of baking soda that his Aunt Megan had thrown in there a few months ago when he’d bought the place, but he wasn’t willing to risk having his stomach pumped, again. With a frustrated groan, he closed the freezer door and looked out the kitchen window.
He didn’t feel like going out in this shit, but he was starving and he didn’t have any choice. Of course, he could order food, except for the fact that he was still on the banned list for most of the delivery places.
Bastards.
As tired as he was, he knew that he had to move his ass if he was going to make it to the grocery store before it closed. He headed upstairs, stripping off his sweat-soaked tee-shirt, work boots, and jeans as he went, noting that it looked like every piece of clothing he owned was scattered around his apartment.
Time to do the laundry, he mused as he walked into the bathroom. After he relieved himself and flushed the toilet, he could have sworn he heard a squeal. Shrugging it off, he turned the shower on and cursed up a storm at the low water pressure. He’d have to fix that, but right now, he was just glad that the water was nice and hot, helping to relieve the aches in his sore muscles. 
Another loud squeak had his eyebrows arching. It wasn’t like his normally quiet tenant to blast the television, but as long it didn’t interrupt his sleep, he’d let it go. After a quick shower, he pulled on a semi clean pair of jeans and grabbed his mesh laundry bag and started collecting clothes off doors, counters, the back of the toilet as he headed downstairs. 
“What the fuck?” he mumbled when he saw the mud all over his newly tiled hallway floor. Had he done that? His eyes darted to the ugly ass welcome mat his tenant had placed near the front door and felt his lips pull up into a shit-eating grin. A few more weeks and he’d have the damn thing completely covered. 
He made his way towards the basement door, wondering why the hell she’d bought the damn thing. The inbred looking dogs with buggy eyes gave him the fucking creeps. A few weeks ago, he’d thrown the damn thing in the trash and replaced it with a Yankees’ floor mat only to have his aunt toss his floor mat away and return that hideous fucking thing. It didn’t matter that he owned the house. His aunt thought the mat was “cute,” and it was staying or she would never cook for him again.
He was really sick of women trying to control with food. Not that he was going to bitch and risk losing out on his aunt’s chicken pot pie, he wasn’t a fucking moron after all, but it would be nice if women would stop using his weakness against him. The Bradford appetite was a disability, damn it, and should be treated as such.
It seemed that every girlfriend he’d ever had, from Jenny in the fifth grade, to whatever the hell her name was last year, had all tried to control him with food once they discovered that it was his weakness. Although, he could forgive Jenny for bribing him with candy bars to beat the shit out of her brothers, they were assholes after all, the rest of them truly pissed him off. 
Not that he could fault them for wanting to marry him, he couldn’t. He was a Bradford after all, but he didn’t appreciate their fucking games. How many times had a woman hinted at marriage while she held a casserole under his nose, or woke him up with breakfast in bed, musing how nice it would be to do that for him every day? Then, when he didn’t drop down on one knee and propose, they’d withhold all those tasty treats they’d promised him. When a woman started the marriage bullshit, he sat them down and explained that they didn’t quite live up to his standards, which for some reason, always earned him a slap and a denial for more delicious tasty treats.
When he got married, and he would one day, it would be to his perfect woman, the woman who met each and every one of his requirements. So far, no woman had ever come close. 
His perfect woman would be the best cook. She’d be able to whip him up a cake at a moment’s notice. She would never deny him any of her delicious treats no matter how badly he’d pissed her off, and he probably would, every day. She’d also be tall, hot, and have a body that left him panting for more. 
She’d also have to be financially well off. Not that he minded supporting his wife, he didn’t. He just didn’t want a woman too dependent on him or needy. He wasn’t interested in being anyone’s sugar daddy. He wanted a wife that could function completely without him. She wouldn’t give a damn when he made last-minute plans to go to New Hampshire for some fishing or decided to stay out late with the guys and didn’t call her. She’d also have to come from a big family so that she wouldn’t have to rely on him for too much and so that she’d have someone to bitch to at the end of the day and leave him the hell alone. 
His stomach rumbled loudly, reminding him that he needed to move his ass. He made his way to the laundry room, dropped his bag by the machine and ran his fingers through his damp hair, trying to push it out of his eyes. That reminded him that he needed a haircut. If he didn’t get held over tomorrow night, which wasn’t looking very likely since they were busting their asses to complete the Madison project, he’d swing by Henry’s and get his customary cut.
After dropping his quarters in the machine, he removed the basket left on top of the washer and dropped it on the cement floor, not really giving it much thought. He went to pick up his bag of clothes only to realize that he was out of laundry soap. He’d have to pick some up tonight. He really didn’t feel like staying up half the night doing laundry, especially since he had to get up at six and have his ass at work by seven.
With a shrug, he grabbed the laundry soap out of the basket by his feet, figuring that she’d never miss it, and poured the soap in the washing machine.
“Oops,” he sighed when he realized that he’d used the last of the soap. Not really caring, he tossed the now empty container back on the basket as he made a mental note to pick up another bottle for his little neighbor when he went to the grocery store later.
He quickly dumped his clothes in the washing machine, not bothering to let the water suds up since he was so damn hungry and didn’t want to wait. He made his way back upstairs just as his neighbor was stepping out of her apartment with an armful of clothes. 
“How’s it going?” he asked in a bored tone as he headed for his door, not really in the mood to speak with her. Not that he was a snob, he wasn’t. He just didn’t like to deal with his tenants. That’s why he had his aunt deal with all their bullshit. He owned four apartment houses and his aunt managed every one of them for him. He only made an appearance when something needed to be fixed or he found out that one of his tenants was giving his aunt shit. 
When he’d bought this place, he’d planned on leaving the second unit empty until he found some time to renovate the place. He’d changed his plans after his aunt strongly recommended that one of his pain in the ass cousins should move in. To keep that from happening, he’d decided to rent the other apartment out before his aunt could do it for him. He’d given his aunt a list of strict rules and this woman was the only one who’d been willing to agree to them without comment.
From what he heard, a lot of the people that looked at the apartment had bitched and whined over his list, but he didn’t give a fuck. This was his house and he wasn’t about to put up with any bullshit. If they wanted to have their friends over at all hours of the night, have parties, or blast their music then they could keep fucking walking because he wasn’t having it. After working a twelve-hour day, all he wanted to do was come home to a nice, quiet house and relax.
Thankfully, this woman followed his rules, so he never had to talk with her or kick her out on her ass. He had to admit that the extra income was nice. Granted, it only covered about half his grocery bill, but hey, every little penny counted. 
“Hi,” she mumbled quickly as she walked past him. He paused to look over his shoulder and frowned. She was short, chubby, pale, and plain, but she was without a doubt the best tenant he’d ever had. Maybe he should make chubby and plain the requirement for all his tenants, he thought with a chuckle.
He was just about to open his apartment door when a knock at the front door caught his attention. Grumbling, he walked over to the door, hoping his tenant wasn’t going to make a habit of having people over after eight and opened the door. He nearly swallowed his tongue when he spotted the familiar pizza logo on the guy’s shirt.
“Is this 23 Bedford Street?” the kid asked.
Trevor nodded dumbly as his eyes took in the oversized pizza box Black Jack’s was famous for and the small cardboard box on top of it. He sniffed, allowing his Bradford senses to kick in and do its thing. In seconds, he knew that he had a “Monster” and a large order chicken tenders within snatching distance.
His fingers twitched with the need to snatch the food out of the guy’s hands and make a run for it. 
“That’ll be $26.50. I’m sorry it took so...wait a minute,” the guy said, frowning. “You’re not a Bradford, are you?” he asked, quickly taking in Trevor’s dark hair, good looks, and large muscular build. 
“No, no, of course, I’m not,” Trevor said quickly, fully prepared to tackle the bastard if the kid tried to leave with his food. 
Granted, that may have been one of the reasons why he was placed on the banned list at Black Jacks in the first place, but they really should have known better than to show up at his door at eleven o’clock at night with someone else’s order. Besides, he’d only scared the hell out of the guy. He hadn’t really harmed the kid. At least, that’s what the Judge decided when he’d dismissed the case against him.
He wasn’t exactly sure what the rest of the men in his family did to earn a place on the banned list, but he could guess. The kid took a cautious step back as Trevor prepared to lunge at him. The deliveryman gestured with his chin towards the mailbox even as he prepared to flee. “It says Bradford on the mailbox.”
“That’s my neighbor,” he said, forcing himself to remain calm as he pulled his wallet out of his back pants pocket. He pulled out two twenties and handed them to the guy who was still looking unsure about the whole thing. “Keep the change.”
That seemed to help clear things up. He handed Trevor the food and a two-liter bottle of Coke and smiled. “Thank you, sir. You have a nice night.”
“I will now,” Trevor mumbled as his mouth watered. He closed the door and turned around only to find his little tenant standing in front of him, glaring at the food in his hands.
“Is that my order?” she demanded as she pushed a strand of her wet mahogany hair behind her ear, narrowing her baby blue eyes on his face.
“Um, no?” he cleared his throat, realizing that sounded more like a question than an answer. “This is my order.”
“Oh.” She frowned. “Sorry,” she mumbled, heading back to her apartment. He wasn’t too surprised that she hadn’t bitched about him stealing the washer from her. She never bitched, making her his favorite kind of tenant.
He walked into his apartment and shut the door behind him, eager to dig into his food. He set the boxes down on the coffee table and turned on the game, which was thankfully, still in the second inning. He headed to the kitchen to grab a glass and a handful of napkins. 
Just as he was about to sit down and help himself to the first slice, someone knocked on his door. Having a pretty good idea who it was, he ignored it. The knocking continued for another minute before it thankfully stopped. He picked up a thick slice of that beautiful pizza and almost wept. It had been too damn long since he’d had a slice of the most perfect pizza ever made.
He was just about to take a bite when the slice of pizza was ripped out of his hands. It took him a minute to realize what the hell had just happened. By the time he figured it out, his eyes were narrowing dangerously on his frumpy little neighbor as she tossed the slice of pizza back in the box and closed it. He watched as she placed the box of chicken tenders on top, picked them both up and headed for the door only to pause and return for the bottle of soda.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” he demanded, getting to his feet.
“Getting my order. I called. Not only did you not order this, but apparently, you’re on some sort of banned list,” she said, heading for the door once again.
Trevor was up and over the couch in seconds, blocking her way. “That’s my food!” he snapped.
“No, it’s not!”
“Yes, it is!”
“I ordered it!”
“So what? I paid for it. Put it back and get the hell out of my apartment!”
Her eyes narrowed on him as she squared her shoulders. “Look, I’ve put up with a lot of crap from you over the last two months, but stealing my Black Jack’s pizza after I’ve had the worst day of my life is the last straw. So, I really don’t give a damn if you go crying to your aunt about this and get me evicted. I’m taking my pizza home and I’m going to enjoy it.”
A lot of what she said and how she said it pissed him off, but he forced himself to focus as he reached out and snatched the box of pizza from her hands, earning a surprised gasp and a rather cute little growl as he stepped away from her. Glaring, she stalked after him. He couldn’t blame her. It was Black Jack’s pizza, after all.
“What the hell have I put you through? I’ve been a fucking perfect neighbor,” he pointed out, sidestepping her as she tried to steal his chicken tenders.
She snorted at that. “Puhlease.”
“I have!”
“Really?” she demanded, folding her arms over her faded blue tee-shirt and rather large chest. 
“Yes, really!” he snapped back, forcing his eyes away from her chest. Shit. If he was checking out a woman like her, then it really had been too long since the last time he got laid.
For some reason, she took that as her cue to share. 
“You park in my spot so that I’m forced to park on the street. I’ve gotten four parking tickets thanks to you,” she snapped, making him frown. “You steal my paper every morning. You run the hot water when I’m taking a shower, leaving me to freeze my ass off and with no water pressure! You blast your television all night. You’re loud and so are your friends. Every time I go to use the washing machine, you steal it or worse, you take my clothes out of the dryer before they’re done drying and throw them on top of my dirty clothes and on the floor.”
When he opened his mouth to argue, she continued, cutting him off. “And every night you watch porn!” she said accusingly, and he swore he felt his cheeks burn. Fuck. This was embarrassing. Well, at least she didn’t say-
“And you’re loud. Really loud,” she stressed, further pissing him off.
“Look, no one stopped you from telling me all this shit before. You wouldn’t have gotten any of those tickets if you had just opened your fucking mouth and asked me to move my truck. Same deal goes for the water. How the hell was I supposed to know that you were having a problem with your water if you didn’t tell me?” he demanded, not mentioning any of those other things since they just made him look bad.
“Why in the hell would I tell you about the water?” she demanded, trying to steal his pizza.
“Because I’m the fucking landlord!” he snapped, yanking the pizza away from her sneaky little hands.
“No, you’re not,” she snorted, trying to steal his pizza, again.
“Call my aunt if you think I’m lying. I own this house,” Trevor said, stepping away, but not fast enough. 
The damn woman managed to steal his chicken fingers!
She considered him for a long moment while he tried to figure out how to steal back his precious chicken tenders. “Why would you have your aunt pretend she’s the landlord?” she finally asked.
“Because I hate dealing with tenants,” he said, switching the pizza to one hand and swiping out with the other to grab the small box away from her. She simply moved it out of his reach.
“Well,” she said, sighing, “then I guess you’re the one I should talk to since I’m probably going to have to move out in a month.”
“Fine,” he bit out, glaring at the box in her hands. If she tried to leave with his chicken tenders so help him, he would-
“Okay, so give me back my pizza,” she said, holding her hands out expectantly.
“No. You give me back my chicken tenders.”
“No.”
Something in him snapped. He wasn’t sure if it was from hunger, the embarrassment from knowing that she could hear him at night, or just the bullshit in general, but he said something that he regretted before the last syllable left his mouth.
“It’s not like you need it.” 
Available Now

Devastated: An Anger Management Novel
Available Now
“Oh, my God, please make it stop,” Kylie muttered with a tragic sigh as her cell phone continued to chime.
She wanted to cry.
She really did but crying would require energy that she didn’t have right now. Besides, she was going to need all her energy to drag herself out of bed and see what the horrible man wanted. 
Why did she have to sign those papers?
Damn Big Daddy and his love of…
Well, she wasn’t exactly sure what he’d been on when he’d burned the apartment building down, but whatever it was she cursed it for putting her in this situation. Even as she struggled to keep her eyes open long enough to sit up on the bare mattress that she’d passed out on a few hours ago, she knew that the fault was hers and hers alone. She’d made a deal with the devil, literally, and now she was paying for it. 
Another chime, this one somehow more persistent than the last, had her whimpering pathetically as she reached for her phone. For a moment, she simply held the phone in her hand, praying that this nightmare would end, but the next chime destroyed her dreams and had her sitting up with a groan.
Office in twenty minutes.
Worrying her bottom lip, Kylie glanced from the text, demanding her presence back down to the bare mattress that she never wanted to leave. After a few seconds of indecision, she took a deep breath as she forced herself to climb off the bed and not look back as she made her way to the bathroom, terrified that if she caught even a glimpse of the pillow-top mattress that she would lose this battle.
But God, did she want to lose, Kylie thought with something close to a whimper as she managed to drag herself the rest of the way to the bathroom. Once she was inside the large room that was twice the size of her last apartment, she made quick work of using the bathroom, doubling up on tasks whenever possible so that by the time that she stepped inside the large shower stall her teeth had been brushed, her hair combed, her vitamins taken, her nails had been quickly filed down to a smooth, efficient length, her clothes were laid out for her alongside a fresh planner, pen, and notebook to help her stay organized. All that was left was for her do was to step beneath the ice-cold spray of water and choke back a scream or two as the brisk water gave her the shot of adrenaline that she so desperately needed. 
Once she was wide awake and feeling energized, she finished her shower, fixed her hair, got dressed, placed her planner and aforementioned items in her messenger bag and headed for the door, ready to face the day with five minutes to spare. As Kylie hurried down the stairs, she contemplated making a quick trip to the kitchen and grabbing a yogurt and a breakfast bar to get her through this meeting, but something told her that he wouldn’t appreciate the delay.
Hoping that he wouldn’t make a habit of holding meetings before the sun came up, she paused by the double doors leading into the large office that she’d spent three hours cleaning yesterday, closed her eyes and took a deep breath before pasting a smile on her face, opening her eyes and-
“You’re late,” Mr. O’Mallery announced as he walked past her.
Kylie considered pointing out that she still had two minutes left, but then she remembered what happened the last time that she’d corrected one of her bosses and decided to let this one slide. As she followed him into the large room, she resigned herself to the fact that she was most likely going to have to get used to biting her tongue a lot.
At least, for the next year, Kylie thought as she sat down on the only available option to her, a metal folding chair that was placed directly in front of the only real piece of furniture in the room, a large desk. Hunter walked around the desk, glaring at her the entire way and sat down in a large leather chair that looked a great deal more comfortable than the one she was currently perched on.
When she realized that he wasn’t going to do anything more than sit there and glare at her, she gave him what she hoped was a pleasant smile, clicked open her pen, and looked at him expectantly as she waited for his orders. He continued to keep her waiting until, with a sigh that could only be described as bored, he leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms over his chest, and gestured with a nod towards the planner on her lap as he asked, “What the hell is that?”
Although Kylie didn’t think it was a good idea to take her eyes off him, mostly because of that whole anger management thing that he had going for him, she forced herself to follow his glare. 
“My planner?” Kylie asked, hoping that it was her beloved planner and not her presence responsible for that expression on his face, because she really wasn’t sure that she could beat him to the door. The reminder that she was working for a large, muscular man with an anger problem had her second-guessing her decision to stay.
Anger. Management, Kylie reminded herself, trying for a bland, yet polite, expression as she waited to see how this was going to play out. When he didn’t jump over the desk and go for her throat, she took that as a win and waited for him to continue. When he just sat there, glaring at her, she tried for a small smile only to quickly bite it back when his eyes narrowed even further.
For several long minutes, Hunter didn’t say anything. He just sat there, watching her, and making her wonder if they’d accept a personal check for that ten thousand dollars or if she should plan on making a quick run to the bank and get that in cash when he finally spoke.
“I have thousands of employees, clients, vendors, and contacts that you will be responsible for. That means that you need to have their phone numbers, addresses, email addresses as well as access to their files. So, tell me something, Miss Jenkins, how exactly do you plan on doing all that with a ten-dollar planner from Wal-Mart?”
“Carefully?” Kylie said before she could stop herself and she really wished that she’d been able to stop herself.
*-*-*-*
So, she was a smart ass, Hunter thought as he waited for her to stop staring down at the cheap planner on her lap. As he watched her, he couldn’t help but wonder if that planner was her pride and joy. When she lovingly caressed the imitation leather with her fingertips, he realized that this was the saddest fucking thing that he’d ever seen in his life.
“Do you need a moment or can we get back to work?” Hunter asked when it looked like she was going to break out a sniffle and reminisce about better days.
She cleared her throat and looked up. “What would you suggest, Mr. O’Mallery?” Kylie asked, slipping back into her minion role.
“That you join the twenty-first century,” Hunter suggested as he held his hand out.
When she only sat there, frowning at his hand, he wiggled his fingers in demand. “Your phone.”
“It’s upstairs,” she answered with that same robotic smile that he was starting to find deeply disturbing.
“What is it doing upstairs?” Hunter demanded even as he pushed away from his desk and headed towards the stairs.
“I don’t use my phone while I’m working.”
“That’s real fucking helpful,” Hunter said evenly as he took the stairs two at a time.
“Mr. O’Mallery?” Kylie called hesitantly when he reached the landing.
Since he never made a habit of explaining himself, he ignored her and headed towards her room. In three long strides, he was in her room and heading for the nightstand where he found-
“What the hell is this?” he asked in confusion as he picked up what he prayed was a joke and looked it over.
“My phone,” Kylie said, sounding embarrassed as she should be.
“It’s a flip phone,” Hunter said, turning the ancient relic over in his hands as he tried to make sense out of what he was seeing.
Could this thing even send texts? he wondered as he flipped the cellphone open to find a tiny screen. This thing had to be fifteen years old, he thought absently, as he started hitting buttons, curious to see what it could do. In a few seconds, he discovered that it wasn’t much. It could make calls, text, receive emails, and surf the web…sort of.
“Could I have my phone back, please?”
“No,” Hunter said, fascinated that anyone in this day and age could get by with a phone like this.
As he searched through her phone, making note that there were only three contacts, a small collection of emails and even fewer texts, he couldn’t help but wonder how much memory something like this had. His calculator probably had more memory than this thing, which would explain why she didn’t have much on it. Then again, he amended a few seconds later, maybe there was a reason for that.
“Is this your personal phone?” Hunter asked, because he liked to have his suspicions confirmed.
“It’s my only phone,” Kylie said calmly, but he detected a slight hesitation in her voice, one that was very telling.
Hunter glanced up from her phone to take in the cheap skirt suit that she wore, noting that while it was obviously clean, it didn’t fit her. He quickly took in the rest of her belongings, two small bags that she’d probably picked up at a thrift store, neatly placed by the door. He didn’t have to look in the bathroom to know that she probably only had the basics, hairbrush, nail clippers, toothpaste, etc. 
In a few minutes, he knew everything that he needed to know about the small woman who was sharing his sentence with him. She was a neat, no-nonsense kind of woman, and most importantly, she was desperate. She wasn’t going to cause him any problems, but just to make sure…
Hunter looked down at her phone again, noting that the only contacts were the D.A.’s office that hired her on his behalf, a number for a pizza place, and her old landlord. There were no emergency contacts or anyone listed as “Mom.” That made him curious.
“Are you an orphan?” he asked, moving onto her emails.
“No,” Kylie answered after a slight hesitation. 
This was even more depressing than her contact list. Having seen more than enough, he closed the phone and tossed it on the bed. When he looked back down at the cute little thing doing her best not to look embarrassed, he realized something very important. 
She needed him a hell of a lot more than he needed her.

Other titles by R.L. Mathewson:
The Anger Management Series:
Devastated
The Pyte/Sentinel Series:
Tall, Dark & Lonely
Without Regret
Tall, Dark & Heartless
Tall, Silent & Lethal
Fated
Tall, Dark & Furious
The Hollywood Hearts Series:
A Humble Heart
A Reclusive Heart
The Neighbor from Hell Series:
Playing for Keeps
Perfection
Checkmate
Truce: The Historic Neighbor from Hell
The Game Plan
Double Dare
Christmas from Hell
Fire & Brimstone
Delectable
The Promise
Irresistible
The EMS Series:
Sudden Response
The Cursed Hearts Series:
Black Heart


Thank you for purchasing this book and for being there for us every step of the way.
For the latest news, giveaways, and information, please sign up for my newsletter or follow me online:
R.L. Mathewson Amazon Author Profile
Facebook
Bookbub
Twitter
Instagram
Goodreads.com
Pinterest
Newsletter
R.L. Mathewson Website

About the Author
New York Times Bestselling author, R.L. Mathewson was born in Massachusetts. She’s known for her humor, quick wit and ability to write relatable characters. She currently has several paranormal and contemporary romance series published including the Neighbor from Hell series. 

Growing up, R.L. Mathewson was a painfully shy bookworm. After high school she attended college, worked as a bellhop, fast food cook, and a museum worker until she decided to take an EMT course. Working as an EMT helped her get over her shyness as well as left her with some fond memories and some rather disturbing ones that from time to time show up in one of her books. 
Today, R.L. Mathewson is the single mother of two children that keep her on her toes. She has a bit of a romance novel addiction as well as a major hot chocolate addiction and on a perfect day, she combines the two. 
If you’d like more information about this series or any other series by R.L. Mathewson, please visit www.Rlmathewson.com

Thank you,
R.L. Mathewson

