


Pregnant by the Dragon Shifter
A Paranormal Romance


By Jasmine Wylder






Copyright © 2016 Jasmine Wylder
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2016 by Jasmine Wylder – All rights reserved.

In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate, or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in printed format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved. 

Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.
THANK YOU so much for downloading this book!

As a way of showing gratitude I wanted to extend a very special offer to you. I’m giving selected readers access to my VIP Mailing List. As part of this group you will receive notifications about promotions and new releases!

Click the “Get Access Now” link below to join today and receive a free copy of “The Vampire Prince´s Secret Baby”!

GET ACCESS NOW
Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter One
The sun was shining full on his face but the wind was cold coming off the water. David relished the chill. 
“You’ll catch your death out here without a coat.”
David turned to find a stout ferryman staring at him.
“How much to take me over to Fraser Island?” David squinted at the other man. 
“Fraser Island isn’t open to the public. It’s a private island, very private.” The ferryman blew out a plume of smoke. His jacket was bright orange and his face wind burned. 
“I have business there.”
The ferryman looked David over, “I’ll take you no charge. Never been there myself, always wanted to go.” 
The ferry felt strangely large and empty with David as its only passenger. 
“What’s your business with the Fraser’s? I’ve only seen the older one a few times. They mostly keep themselves to themselves.” The man’s orange jacket made a funny rustling noise when he moved his arms.
“I keep myself to myself, too.” David’s eyes flicked to the other man. The ruddy face only looked put off for a moment. 
“Cousin of mine says the daughter is something else. Big girl and sour as a tart cherry, but a fine piece of work.” The man showed with his hands the invisible large ass of a woman then laughed the hacking laugh of a lifetime smoker.
David rolled his eyes. He should have just stayed in town for another night. 
He’d arrived in the waterfront town a day early and couldn’t bear the thought of spending another twenty-four hours among tourists. He was on edge among people who seemed so unaware of themselves. The whole town teemed with them in the summer and early autumn. He had to constantly quell the urge to shout at them to get out of his way, to stop walking four abreast down the street, or to notice when someone was forced to stop abruptly behind you because you were too busy looking at your damn cell phone. 
“You can see it now,” The man pointed a sausage like finger and David saw the island.  “Four miles across, two miles wide.”  
“And that?” 
“Didn’t you know?” The man’s throaty laugh burbled again. “That’s the Fraser castle. Moved here stone by stone from Scotland by the man himself.” 
David watched as the stone façade of the castle became clearer. 
As he watched his attention was caught by a figure darting over the horizon.  David moved so he had a better view. The hair on his arms prickled and the reason for his visit pushed itself to the forefront of his mind. 
The figure moved fast, it stopped, then went back in the direction it came from. David studied the figure for a long moment then leaned back against a railing. 
“Anything else I can do for you?” The ferryman was looking around from the dock. David took out some cash and handed it to the man.
When he turned a large dark haired man advanced. David took his bag and walked down the dock toward the approaching figure. 
“You’re here early,” The man had thick brows, a full jaw, and tufts of thick hair sprouting from his head. 
“David Kilgore,” David put down his bag and extended his hand to the man. 
“I know who you are, just as you know who I am,” Coll Fraser looked David over without touching the proffered hand.  One eye seemed to move a bit slower than the other David noticed. 
“You’re not as big as I thought you would be. How tall are you?” 
“Six foot even sir, is that a problem?” 
“I just thought you’d be larger,” Coll turned and began up the hill that led back to the castle. David picked up his bag and followed. 
The lands were wild, beautiful. There were gardens but they’d grown into their own unkempt sort of mini islands. Plants of all colors grew in abundance around the castle walls.  
“This was my family home, over four hundred years in the Fraser blood lines, I couldn’t leave her behind.” Coll looked up at the stone walls as if they were the strong arms of a woman. 
“Why did you leave Scotland?” David couldn’t imagine a reason good enough for a man willing to transplant a castle.  
“A question for another time.” Though he may have left Scotland, Coll certainly didn’t sound like he had. His thick brogue was difficult for David to understand. Coll walked along a garden path and extended a hand out to the East. 
“My daughter Iona,” Coll turned to David. “She’s the reason you’re here.”
David looked in the direction of Coll’s hand. A heavy head of thick curly dark hair met his gaze. She was large, her body strong, and big. David immediately understood the ferryman’s hand gesture. She was poised with a bow in her hand facing away from David. Her arrow was pointed straight at a human like figure. A target. It was the figure David had seen moving from the ferry. 
Iona paused with the bow and arrow taut for a long moment before she released. Her aim was perfect. She turned before she’d even seen the arrow hit its mark.
“Iona is a world class archer,” Coll smiled and David could hear the affection in his voice. 
Her face was pale set off by high cheekbones, perfectly round lips, and the same dark brows her father had. She was beautiful in the same wild way as the island itself.
“Who is this?” Iona’s eyes looked over David and he felt suddenly on the defensive.  She held herself to her full height. Her raven eyes looking into him. 
“This is David Kilgore, he’s to be your bodyguard for Toronto.” 
“I told you that I don’t need a bodyguard.” Iona pulled an arrow from her holster, set it, then let it fly. The arrow hit the target, making a perfect match to the other. 
“I’m not having this discussion again,” Coll’s voice dropped.
“Nice to meet you,” David said as Iona turned away from him again.
Coll led David into the thick fortress walls of the castle. 
“My dearest jewel,” Coll said with an affectionate look on his face and David wondered if some of Iona’s bad temper weren’t caused by Coll’s determined devotion to his daughter.
Coll stopped abruptly by a large staircase. “You will be in the second room on the right. Jinx will take you up. Dinner is at six thirty sharp.”
Coll walked away into the house leaving David in the dim light of the foyer. Jinx it turned out was short for Jackson. A man of about fifty-five who tended to the needs of Coll and Iona while his wife, Lettie did the cooking and cleaning. They had their own boat and went back and forth from the mainland daily.
David was happy to find a modern room awaiting him. He’d immediately begun to imagine another dully-lit room surrounded by hundred-year-old furniture, but the room was clean and simple. A television was in the cabinet, a tidy bathroom with a large shower. 
He’d begun sweating through his clothes during his voyage over and now he took a quick shower to rid himself of the day. 
When he’d finished David walked out of his room and made a brief survey of the other upstairs rooms. Some were modern like his own and a few as he had imagined before, old tapestries, four-poster beds, and brown polished wood. The castle was made to be a gathering place for fancy parties and a myriad of guests but it only took one look around to see that there were no such parties happening in its recent history.
He supposed the family rooms to be on the third floor. The downstairs was void of modern conveniences, not a television to be found. Only old armor, large paintings of stern looking men and women, and feet growing from every piece of well-polished furniture met his gaze. 
“Glad to see you dressed for dinner,” Coll said with a discriminating glance at David’s old faded tee-shirt and jeans. 
“This is what I always wear.” 
“I’ll have to order you something more suitable for Toronto.”  
David took the seat that Coll indicated and the two men sat waiting for Iona. The sound of Lettie humming to herself in the kitchen reached the quiet dining room and David looked at the clock. 
It was ten past the allotted time when Iona walked in, though Coll seemed not to notice her time infringement. David assumed the same laxity would not be granted for himself.
Jinx brought the dishes out to the table as might have been done in 1800, his face alone lacking the severity of the other two dinner guests. 
“Are you always so formal?” David was beginning to wish he had stayed on the mainland for another day after all, he could be eating a cheese burger right now.
Coll ignored the question and Iona only raised her eyebrows. 
“So David, where did you bodyguard before this?” Iona’s voice held a certain disdain for the word bodyguard and David could feel the heat of his body against the chair. 
“Don’t be impertinent,” Coll said to his daughter without any real sincerity.
“Is it impertinent to ask about the man hired for me?” There was something about the way she said, hired for me, that rubbed David the wrong way. His fist clenched but he forced himself to release it.
“I worked for one of your father’s friends, I believe.” 
“You believe? You don’t know if you worked for him or not?” Iona put her glass down as Jinx set out a thick halibut chowder in front of her. 
“I am certain who I worked for but didn’t mean to presume friendship on your father’s behalf,” David’s voice held an edge he was having a hard time controlling.
“David comes highly recommended,” Coll said with finality.
Iona began to eat her soup but her mind seemed to be elsewhere. David looked at the two spoons on his side and chose the largest one, hoping for the best. 
“And how did you become a bodyguard?” Iona’s dark eyes leapt with a challenge to David. 
“I was sort of… born into it.” David felt sweat roll down his back. He took his water glass and drained it trying to turn down the heat he could feel swelling in his body. 
“What about you?” David said trying to divert any more questions away from him. “When did you start with archery?” 
“I watched the Olympics when I was a six, I knew then that I wanted to be an Olympic archer.”  
“And, have you won many tournaments then?” 
She turned her attention back to her food ignoring David’s question. 
“Iona hasn’t participated in any tournaments yet. She hasn’t left the island since I brought her here as a small child,” Coll said from across the table. 
David took a large spoonful of chowder as he contemplated this. The thick creamy soup was fresh. Perfect. If he couldn’t scarf down a burger at his own convenience at least he would have something to make up for it.
“So Toronto will be…” 
“Will be my first,” Iona cut him off. “I’ve had some of the best archers in the world as my teachers. We bring someone new out to the Island every year.” 
Because they refuse to come back again, David thought to himself before asking aloud, “…And what about school?”  
“I had tutors,” Iona put down her spoon and sat back in her chair. “Toronto will be my first qualifying tournament, there will be two more in the next few years to qualify me for the Olympics.”  
David nodded, “Very impressive.”  
Iona looked at David carefully before turning to her father. 
“I’m not feeling very hungry,” she pushed her chair back from the table and stood. “I’ll be in my room.”
“Very well dear,” Coll watched his daughter’s retreating figure then stared at the table for a long moment. 
David was certain he was meant to feel something close to guilt at Iona’s leaving, but he felt only a satisfied relief. With the sweat on his back dry he finished every last bit of his soup before putting his own spoon down.
Chapter Two
Iona had spent a sleepless and hungry night. She knew that Lettie had made her favorite, steak pie, and the thought of David eating it all made her mad with jealousy. 
A great fog had fallen overnight and Iona looked out her window into the morning. She’d woken early to the sound of seagulls and now felt groggy and irritable. 
She went first to the kitchen but there was no sign of any leftover steak pie from the night before. Saturdays were a late breakfast day on Fraser Island and the thought of waiting another three hours for food made Iona feel like clawing at the walls. She looked ruefully at an overripe banana before stepping out of the kitchen and into the morning air. 
A walk. She needed fresh air and to clear her mind. A good distraction from her hunger pains was necessary for everyone’s survival. She took the long path around the castle walls then disappeared into the brush. 
Iona had spent her entire life on this Island, there wasn’t one part of it that she didn’t know. Sometimes she imagined what her life in Scotland must have been like, what her mother must have smelled like, but it was only her imagination. 
On occasion she even let herself imagine what life would be like if she were just a normal American girl, going to school, having boyfriends, trips to the movie theater. But she only let these imaginings go so far. She knew that her father would never allow her a normal life and it was only painful to dream about something she couldn’t have.
She pushed her way along the rocky coast, wrapped inside the fog. A noise came from her right and Iona turned off her route. The ground was soggy and she was glad she’d worn galoshes. 
The noise changed and Iona turned just in time to see David running out of the fog and directly into her. 
“Whoa,” David tried to correct himself before impact but it was useless. The two hit the ground, Iona’s backside taking the majority of the impact. 
“Ouch,” Iona groaned as a sharp pain sprang up her tailbone and spine. 
“Are you ok?” David’s hands were around her as if even now he could save her from falling. 
“Get off me,” Iona turned her body away from him and began to stand up. She could still feel David’s hands on her arms and back trying to help. “I said, get off.” 
She pulled herself out of his reach and stumbled her way to a standing position. 
“What in the hell were you doing?” She brushed herself even though she knew the mud that now marked her was going nowhere without washing. 
“I’m sorry, I didn’t see you with the fog, I really didn’t think there would be anyone out this way.”
“I thought you were supposed to be some sort of bodyguard, you didn’t hear me walking?” There was some satisfaction to be had from the fact that he didn’t hear her and she had, in fact, heard him. 
David lifted an ear bud dangling from its cord, “I was running.” 
“From what?” Iona was ready to claw, she was hungry because of this man, she was now muddy and probably bruised because of him too. She stepped around him and began walking back to the house before her bad temper exploded all over him. 
“Let me walk you,” David ran to catch up. 
“I can walk just fine on my own.” Iona picked up her gait. “Don’t let me keep you from your run.” 
She could feel his presence next to her though she was trying to keep herself from looking. 
“I didn’t take you for an early riser,” She spit the words in his direction but still refused a glance. 
“Yeah well…” He was wearing running clothes she could tell from a glance at his feet. She’d hardly looked at him, she’d been so intent on getting away. 
Iona turned a quick eye toward David and just as she did she slipped on a patch of wet leaves and nearly fell all over again. 
David’s reflexes were faster this time and he held onto her torso. Iona looked up at his face. He was sweating heavily, his hair soaked with sweat. His shirt clung to his body and she could see the outlines of muscles underneath. 
“I’m fine,” She pushed herself away from him. 
“Your welcome,” David smiled. 
Iona adjusted herself and stared at the man in front of her. She wasn’t sure why but he made her nervous, put her on her guard. She’d met very few young men her own age and certainly none that looked like this one. 
“What sort of things does one need to be able to do as a bodyguard? Running through the fog I suppose?” 
“Well,” David lifted his eyebrows and took a breath. “Observation I guess,” He looked at her to see if she was in earnest but she kept her face placid and he continued. “Being able to assess situations and threats. Knowing exits, that sort of thing.”
“…And if someone was a threat, what would you do? What sort of skills do you actually possess to defend me?”
Iona crossed her arms and watched as a sly smile crossed his face. She cocked her head, annoyed and not at all charmed by the smile. 
“Have you saved anyone’s life then?” 
David seemed to consider her question then raised his shirt. Iona opened her eyes wide not understanding his gesture. 
“Two lives, and two messy scars…” 
When she let herself look she saw a deep scar that ran along the side of his ribcage and another at the top of his chest. 
“Someone did that to you?” Iona had a strange impulse to touch the scars but moved her hands to her own sides. 
“Yes, someone did.” He pulled his shirt back down and turned back toward the castle. This time Iona had to catch up. 
“The man you saved… was the man you talked about, the one that recommended you to my father?”  
David didn’t respond but looked Iona over from the corner of his eye. “I suppose with a bow and arrow in your hand you could be pretty dangerous yourself.” 
“I suppose I could be,” Iona was only slightly gratified by the quasi compliment. “Do you know how to shoot?” 
“A gun?” 
“A bow.” 
David laughed, “No. Not in the least. Would you like to show me?” 
“I’d be curious to see what your aim is like,” Iona smiled back. There weren’t many things but this she was sure of. 
The two walked back, Iona with mud all over her black trousers, and David with his tee-shirt suctioned to him with sweat. Iona’s stomach growled loudly when they’d reached her archery park and she was happy to think of David getting partially frozen from the cold air hitting his sweaty clothes. 
“So you just set the arrow,” She picked up her bow and placed the arrow. “Pull and aim,” She pulled the bow back until she could feel it on the skin of her cheek. “Release,” The arrow went straight to her target.
“That easy?” David took the bow from her and she handed him an arrow when he’d gotten adjusted. He mirrored her movements impressively well and she felt a pang of excitement as she always did when she got to shoot with someone else. 
David released the arrow. It went wide, far too wide. 
“You missed Hank,” Iona began walking forward to find the lost arrow. 
“Hank?” 
Iona pointed at her target dummy, “Hank.”
David nodded. They found his stray arrow at the base of a tree a good way of course. 
“A little practice maybe,” She handed it to him. “You can keep it as a souvenir if you like.” 
David exhaled, “To remind me of my humiliations?” 
“Not such a bad thing to remember, is it?” She smiled, delighted at the way his shooting had gone. 
“Let’s do it again,” He looked at the piece of weaponry in his hand. 
“Ok,” Iona looked at Hank then walked away from her dummy. “We’ll use the regular targets this time. Maybe you can get on the board.” 
They walked back and this time there was no tutorial. Iona lifted her bow and arrow then quickly released, the bow finding its mark directly in the center. 
David took the bow from her and his hand grazed hers. 
“Your skin,” She reached and felt his hand again. “You’re boiling.”
David raised his shoulder and placed his arrow. 
“Are you feeling well?”
He pulled back, aimed slightly to the right this time, then released. The arrow found at mark on the board. 
“Very well, indeed.” David smiled. 
“Not bad,” Iona looked at the arrow for a long moment. Her elation at his previous failure quickly sizzled out. “You should probably get some rest.” 
“I’ve had plenty of rest.” David turned to Iona. He handed her bow back to her then turned into the castle. 
Iona stood for a long time looking at the target. She thought briefly about setting herself up another time but put her tools down instead. She brushed her fingers absently against the skin of her hand.
Chapter Three
David was in better spirits after his morning trials. He hadn’t dared shoot again in front of Iona least his arrow take off for another tree. 
He showered, changed, and went back downstairs with smells of a solid Saturday breakfast wafting up to him. 
“Did you sleep well?” Coll asked David over his newspaper. Jinx must have brought it with him from the main land, no way a newspaper was ever delivered out here. 
“Quite, thank you.” David was ready to pounce on the dining room but opted to take his cue from Coll. 
“You’ll want to eat up today, the Lawrence’s don’t come on Sundays so Iona usually scrambles up breakfast. Lettie is a much better cook,” Coll stood as he folded his newspaper into neat crisp lines then placed it on the side table next to his chair. 
“With a smell like that I’m not sure I could help myself.” 
“What do you think of our little Island?” Coll stood in place and David had to rein himself in from thoughts of the dining room. 
“It’s beautiful.” 
“And my daughter?” 
David shifted as his mind sifted through answers, “Quite a family resemblance.” 
“Good, I would like you to think of me when you see her,” Coll smiled and began walking toward the smells.
“You mentioned that your leaving Scotland was a story for another time,” David followed behind Coll, thrilled to see a buffet set out on a side table. It would be a much better way to gorge himself without asking Jinx for repeated helpings. 
Coll picked up a plate, “I did. It’s simple really. Our family shared some bad blood with another clan.” 
“So you left?” David didn’t picture Coll as the running sort. 
“For Iona, yes.” Coll placed two pieces of toast, eggs, and ham on his plate. “I had two brothers, they were both killed then… her mother,” Coll stopped his movement and David noticed a slight tremble from Coll’s hand. “Her mother’s murder was too much.”
Coll turned and took his plate to the table. David used the absence of the other man to add a few extra heaps of ham, sausage, eggs, and toast to his plate. Someone who didn’t know better, would assume David a man half starved. 
“Iona is all I have left. The most precious person in the world to me now. I would do anything for her.” 
David turned and found Coll looking at him with hard eyes. 
“Like move to an Island off the coast of Maine and never let her leave?” 
Coll’s jaw flexed, “Including that.”
David set his own plate down before filling his mug from the carafe of coffee. 
“It’s not so terrible, you know? The Island is beautiful and Iona has a very nice life.” Coll leaned forward onto the table. 
“I didn’t say it was terrible.” 
“What’s terrible?” Iona walked into the dining room, her hair trailing wildly behind her. 
“The Maine weather,” Coll smiled brilliantly at his daughter. She didn’t seem to buy his transition but didn’t call her father out on it either. 
David’s skin grew hot at the sight of her. He wondered what had made him show her his scars that morning. Was he showing off? It wasn’t like him, he never did things to get a reaction from people, and he had never shown anyone those scars before. 
He stabbed at his food and took a large bite of egg, ham, and toast. 
“You must be famished Iona, off to bed with no dinner.” The upset Coll had shown only moments ago was replaced with affection for his daughter. 
Iona walked around the table with her plate and placed it down across from David.  
“I had even thought of it,” Iona said sitting in front of her plate. 
David looked up, her plate was towering with just as much breakfast as his own. He smiled at the sight of it then took another forkful of food before Iona could notice.
Chapter Four
There was a rocky shaking of the plane and Iona grasped the armrest and closed her eyes. It would be too much to die in a plane on her first trip anywhere. 
“It’s normal,” David’s voice came from across the aisle. “Just a bit of turbulence. We should be landing soon.” 
Iona looked at David and tried her best to smile. Tried her best to believe him. Her father sat next to her snoring softly, completely undisturbed by flying through such a rocky voyage. 
“Flight attendants, prepare for landing,” The pilot’s voice came over calm and unperturbed. Iona watched the seatbelt light flick on, she double-checked her own. 
She’d been in a state of constant knots and nerves since leaving the Island. It was amazing to her that David and her father both seemed so easy going through security at the airport. She had frantically taken off her shoes and pushed her carryon luggage through the screening station. Movies didn’t usually show that particular part of flying and it had left her unprepared. 
The plane glided into the Toronto airport. 
“Oh,” Iona gasped as the plane hit down with a dramatic thud. First class seats did not, after all, mean a smooth flight. 
“What’s that?” Coll woke up with a start then looked out his window. “Oh, we’ve landed.” 
Iona laughed at her father and with relief at landing on an actual runway and not in a field after the engines had given way. 
Walking through the airport Iona could barely keep her eyes in front of her long enough to walk a straight line. There were so many people to see, so many places and different things to eat. The various smells of cleaning supplies, teriyaki bowls, and strong perfumes overwhelmed her senses. 
“We’ll follow the signs for baggage claim,” David pointed to a sign above them. Iona moved closer to the two men who flanked her on either side. As much as she’d protested David’s presence she was glad for it now. 
The baggage carousels seemed complete chaos to her. People everywhere looking for their life in a bag. 
“Wait here, David and I will get the bags,” Coll said to his daughter. Iona nodded and moved off away from the fray. She leaned back against a wall and watched her father and David move away from her and into the masses. 
Every sort of person was in the airport. She’d seen them all on TV or in movies but never in real life. A fashionable Japanese family with designer bags hanging at each woman’s arm, an Indian man with a turban, two young men with floppy hair and ragged looking clothes. She hadn’t heard one other person with her father’s Scottish brogue and the flight attendant had asked Coll to repeat himself more than once. It was all a bit much to take in at one go.
Iona looked around until she found two eyes looking back at her. She immediately dropped her gaze and looked in the other direction. But when she looked back, the man was still staring at her. Iona tried to look occupied with the screens showing which carousel had luggage from which flight. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed another man joining the first. Instead of the man being interested in his companion the two now looked at Iona together. 
She felt her face turn red and hot, she’d never been stared at by a perfect stranger. She brushed a hand over her hair to make sure nothing was awry. The man was tall, at least as tall as her father, the first had reddish blonde hair and the other was almost bald but showed signs of once having had a very normal head of thin brown hair.
The first man motioned with his arms and Iona looked surreptitiously for the person the man was motioning to. Her gaze fell upon a third man. She watched as the third man, with the same reddish blonde hair, looked around. 
The man’s eyes fell on her. Iona picked up her carryon and moved away from the men into the crowds of people. Why had Coll and David left her? Wasn’t David supposed to be her bodyguard? What was the actual point of a bodyguard after all if not to guard her body?
Iona walked the long way around one of the carousels in the direction Coll and David had gone. She pushed through people and looked back to see if the men were still watching her. 
The men had moved. She turned a full circle looking for them but saw no one with reddish blonde hair. Iona turned back. 
“What are you doing? I went to look for you and you’d gone.” David was in front of her. 
She was surprised to notice how upset she’d become by this small group of men. 
“There were strange men looking at me,” She realized how ridiculous the words sounded the moment they were out of her mouth. “I… I was going to look for you. Why did you leave me there?” 
“Who?” David looked around just as Iona had done. 
“I don’t see them anymore.” She felt silly, like a child who had been having a bad dream. 
David looked at her then moved to the side and put a hand at her lower back. 
“We have the bags, we’ll meet your father outside.” He nudged her gently forward and Iona pulled away from his hand.
Iona did not look for the men when she’d made it outside. Instead, she lifted her archery bag, specially made her most prized possessions, and got in the waiting car. 
The sun streamed through the windows of the large SUV as they made their way through traffic. 
“Are you feeling ok?” Coll turned in his seat to look at Iona. 
“I’ll be fine as soon as we stop driving,” Iona had felt waves of nausea on the plane. Now, in another moving vehicle, her stomach was surging once more. 
“We’ll be there soon. I thought we’d do dinner somewhere special, to celebrate.” 
“I haven’t won anything yet,” Iona smiled at her father’s optimism. 
“Yet,” Coll smiled back. 
“Actually,” Iona swallowed down another wave of nausea. “I think I’d like to stay in tonight if you don’t mind. To rest for tomorrow.” Iona didn’t want to admit that the constant influx of new experiences was leaving her zapped of energy. 
“Of course, we’ll order in.” Coll patted Iona’s knee then turned and began looking through his phone. Everyone had a phone, except Iona… and what would she do with one if she did? 
Coll had rented a house for their stay. She knew for a fact that he normally stayed in the best hotels when he travelled, so this decision had been solely for her. Only a day before she would have complained that she wanted to experience a fancy hotel, wanted to go out to a restaurant, and to see the city, but now she just wanted a quiet place where she could breathe again. 
There was a large garden in the back that had clinched the decision for Coll, saying it would make Iona, “Feel more at home.” Which she appreciated more then she wanted to say. 
The quiet street was dotted with similar houses, each with an overflowing garden, and large trees. It was the sort of house she assumed she’d have grown up in if she had been a normal American girl. 
“What are you doing?” Iona asked David as he looked in the drawers and cabinets of the kitchen. 
“Just having a look around,” He smiled tightly at her and she could tell that he was doing the observing, knowing of exits, and whatnot he’d been talking about two mornings ago. What he thought he mind find was beyond her.
“I’ve found the perfect room for you,” Coll said as he walked into the kitchen. He glanced briefly at David’s opening and closing then walked back out. Iona followed then heard David’s footsteps behind her. 
All three went up the small staircase, they continued on past the second floor and up to the third. 
“What do you think?” Coll extended his hand into a sunny attic room. It was filled with flowers. There was a vase of pink and red roses on her dressing table and another on the bedside table. Flowers also gilded the room in other ways. The wallpaper was covered in plumes of lilac, oil paintings of tuberose and chrysanthemum hung above the bed, and even a floral terrycloth robe was placed on the bathroom door. 
“It’s lovely,” Iona walked in and looked around. Her bags had already been placed by the bed by her father. 
She opened the side window to let in fresh air as David once again opened and closed drawers. “You’d think I was the president with my secret service detail,” She said as she watched. 
“All done,” David said as he snapped a drawer closed. He tilted his head at Iona and exited the room and she could hear his heavy footfalls on the landing. 
“Thank you, daddy.” 
“Let me know if you need anything,” Coll leaned forward and kissed Iona gently on the forehead. 
He closed the door behind him and Iona took a long breath of incoming air. She mimicked David a bit by looking in all the drawers and closets, but more from curiosity then some strange defense against ill will. 
She filled the bath and put on the flowery robe. Her stomach was settling down and the vast overwhelm she’d been feeling all day was starting to trickle away. 
After her bath she lay in her robe on the soft down comforter and closed her eyes.
Chapter Five
Iona woke with a start. It was dark outside. She’d slept straight through the evening and no one had thought to get her up. Her neck ached from sleeping on a new, overly stuffed pillow and Iona felt irritable. 
A chill wind blew in through her open window and she stood up in the dark of her room to close it. A clanking noise came from outside and Iona wondered if it had been such a noise that had woken her in the first place.
Moving to the side of the sill, Iona peered out into the night. The moon was large and bright so the back and side of the house were easily seen. 
Iona stood staring out at the flowerbeds. She was just about to the close the window when she saw a shadowy movement. Iona pushed herself back against the wall. The shadow moved again and she saw the flicker of reddish blond hair in the moonlight. 
With a thrust of her hand she slammed the window closed and backed away. Iona turned and ran from her room into the darkness of the house. Her eyes had adjusted and she didn’t dare turn on any lights least the man or men outside were watching. 
Iona ran down the steps. She didn’t actually know where her father and David were sleeping. 
She went past the first two open doors then knocked lightly on the next before letting herself in. She walked in quietly. The bed was unmade but no one was in it. Her father’s things were laid out on the dresser, but his watch and wallet were missing. 
Walking back out she went over to the next closed door and knocked. 
“Iona?” David’s face filled the gap in the open door. “What’s the matter?” He opened the door the rest of the way to show his shirtless chest in the moonlight. 
Iona walked in past David. His bed was still made and the window open. 
“Don’t you sleep under the covers?” Iona turned to him. 
“I get too hot, plus I don’t sleep well,” He walked over to the window where Iona was looking around the sill out into the yard. 
“I saw a man out there, someone is here, I think it was one of the men from the airport,” She whispered. “Where’s my father, he’s not in his room?”
“He went out for some business in the evening, not back yet I suppose,” David looked at Iona’s face then out into the yard. “Stay here, I’ll go look around.” 
“David,” She whispered loudly as he began to leave. “Be careful.” 
David smiled, “I’ll be fine. Just stay here.”
He left the room and Iona stood at the window, not sure what to do with herself. She listened for sounds of David but there were none. No sound of footsteps, no sound of opening doors. Just quiet nothingness. 
Her stomach tightened as she waited. She began imagining David running into the group of men, what if they had a gun? What if they had found a way into the house? Who were these men and why were they at the airport, why would they come here?
Iona looked out into the moonlit yard and saw a movement. She pushed herself back against the wall, out of sight. David moved into the moonlight and waved up at the window. She let out a breath. He moved away again. 
Iona looked around. His room was slightly less floral then hers but still a bit too feminine for such a man. 
The bedroom door opened again and David walked in. 
“It’s all clear. If they were here then they’ve left.” 
“If?” Iona asked, wondering if she sounded like a crazy person making up stories. 
“I meant if it was the men you saw at the airport, you said you weren’t sure.” David walked over to where she stood. He lifted a hand and moved a stray bit of wild hair from her face. His fingers were hot. Iona looked into his eyes and saw a flash of gold in them. 
“Your eyes,” Iona lifted her hand and moved her thumb under his right eye. His eyes burned back into their normal liquid brown color. “Your eyes, I thought I saw…” 
David looked at her questioningly and Iona couldn’t help but see what he was feeling. 
“Why do I need a bodyguard? Why was there someone outside?” 
“I don’t really know,” David took a long breath. “But you’re safe here.” 
“With you?” Her voice was still low, not fully believing they couldn’t be overheard.
David nodded, “With me.” 
Iona moved forward and took David’s mouth with her own. Her hands reached for his chest and an overwhelming desire rushed over her body. 
“Wait…” David pulled back. He looked about to say more but didn’t. 
Iona walked to the door. She thought of leaving, of going back to her own room. She closed the door and turned back to David. 
When Iona reached for him again David responded with a deep-rooted hunger. His body was hard and strong beneath her hands. She moved her fingers, trying to feel every bit of him. 
David lifted her as if she were no more than a stray branch. His muscles flexed as he walked her to his bed. Her body was craving him, on her, in her. She hadn’t even realized the craving until that moment but as soon as she did she knew that she’d been craving it from the moment she’d seen him. She wrapped her legs around him as his fingers moved to the belt of her robe. 
She was naked underneath, her breasts rising and falling with her captured breath. Her fingers moved quickly for the tie of his pants, and she looked over his newly revealed skin in the moonlight. Her mouth opened with anticipation.
Her hands moved to touch him, and his fingers slid along her until they touched slippery supple skin. She sucked in sharply at the feel of him on her. 
“I want you inside of me,” She whispered hoarse and breathless. David spread her legs wider and moved his head toward the opening of her legs. His mouth teased, his lips traveled along her inner thighs until she felt his tongue. She bit down on her lower lip to keep herself from crying out. 
David lifted himself and looked right into her eyes as he put himself inside of her. His eyes flashed gold again and Iona lifted a hand to touch them. She gasped at the pain that turned to pleasure. Their bodies moved together both pressing closer, moving him deeper.
Iona tightened her legs around his back and pulled him in harder. 
Her body clenched around him. His heat reached her easily and turned her own flesh hot and flushed. Her back arched and she tilted her head back, opening her mouth. 
A soft moan lifted from her and David placed his finger in her mouth, her teeth held the proffered finger, keeping her from making noise. He made no indication of pain but smiled as he watched her face contort with pleasure. 
The intensity of her feelings was beyond her control. David moved in ways she hadn’t known she wanted. Her body was building so that she could barely hold back the intense shudder and final release of control, giving herself fully to David. 
He watched her face through the whole thing like she was some wild, beautiful creature, he’d never seen before. His body tensed and Iona watched the same jerky contractions of exquisite finality she had made. 
David stayed inside of her for a long time looking into her face. There was nothing left to hold back. There was nothing she wanted to keep from him, everything already given willingly. 
Iona breathed a slow, long breath, trying to steady herself. David dipped and kissed her gently on the lips then slid to her side. He pulled the extra blanket up and wrapped it around the front of her body then wrapped himself around both.
Chapter Six
David barely slept. He’d been too absorbed watching the outline of Iona’s face captured in soft steady breath. He listened for Coll and listened for the men who’d been spotted earlier, but there was nothing to be heard. 
When the sun rose he gently nudged Iona. Despite her nap she’d slept soundly, deeply. She turned slowly still full of sleep toward him, then she smiled. 
“You have a competition today,” David said to her. Her face seemed to register the idea. 
“I thought maybe I’d dreamed last night,” Her face was beautiful when she smiled. “Your eyes turned gold.” 
“Well that must have been a dream,” He tried to smile. 
“What’s wrong?” Iona turned fully to him, sensing something of what he’d been feeling as the sun crept over the sill. 
“Nothing,” David rolled off the bed. “There’s a lot to do today.” 
Iona sat up watching him, “Something’s wrong. Are you having second thoughts about… last night?” 
“No, last night was wonderful. It’s just… I’m not sure it should happen again. Your father hired me to protect you and…”
“You’re going to make this about my father?” Iona pulled the blanket tight to her chest as if just noticing her nakedness. 
“Why don’t we just take showers, have some breakfast, and we can talk about this after the competition.” 
“You mean when you’re about to leave?” Iona made a disgusted look. She pulled her flowery robe over her shoulders and wrapped it around herself while still under cover of the blanket. 
“I just feel like this could be the wrong time,” David tried to sound reasonable. He was being reasonable after all. “Today is about the competition.” 
Iona walked around the bed and past him, “Are you afraid of my father?” She turned again before leaving the room. 
“No. I’m not afraid of him… but I do feel like he entrusted me with your safety and that maybe… I…” He couldn’t find the right words to finish. Iona sneered and exhaled loudly before turning and slamming the door behind her. 
“That went well,” He said aloud to no one in particular. 
He took a quick shower then dressed in the clothes Coll had purchased for him so he would look suitable at the tournament. He buttoned the well-cut shirt and tucked the ends into perfectly made trousers. He looked at himself fin the mirror, hardly recognizing the man that looked back. He ran a hand over his damp thick hair then walked out onto the landing. 
David heard the shower running upstairs. He moved to Coll’s room and gave a knock on the door. There was always the possibility that Coll had come home in the middle of the night and David had slept through it. Not likely, but a possibility. 
There was no answer from inside. David edged open the door and looked inside. No Coll. 
He walked down to the kitchen and ate two bananas while standing at the counter. There was oatmeal, granola, cheese, bread, and fresh fruit as well but David had a few things to do first. He pulled out his phone. No calls, no texts from Coll. He dialed Coll’s number and waited through endless ringing until the call went through to voicemail. 
David sighed. Coll had told him he was going out but he hadn’t mentioned where or what time he was coming back, if he was coming back at all. Perhaps he’d gone out with friends or business associates, gotten too drunk, and slept on someone’s couch? That sounded more like a college-age boy then the dapper man David had met. 
Staring at his phone he listened to the noises of Iona getting ready for her big day. David dialed out to Coll’s Toronto driver. No he had not driven Mr. Fraser into town and no he had not been called to pick him up, but he was coming to get the party in an hour to take them over to the tournament. 
After a quick walk around the house and yard in the daylight, David wiped a hand across his face and set himself to the task of making breakfast. 
Iona looked stricken when she heard that her father had not come home and that they would be leaving for the tournament without him. 
“He would never miss it,” Iona said in a near panic. 
“Then he’ll be there, he will probably meet us there, I’m sure of it,” David tried his best to console but Iona didn’t want David’s consolations. 
“You’re unbelievable,” Iona scoffed at David. 
David reached for Iona’s archery bag. 
“Don’t,” She grabbed the bag from his hands. “I can get along quite well without you.” 
She moved into the SUV and closed the door firmly behind her signaling that David should sit in the front with the driver—which he did. 
The tournament was to be held in an outdoor arena and people swarmed everywhere. There was security at all entrances and David kept a close distance to Iona. Normally haughty and confident, Iona looked pale and fragile now. 
“Have you heard anything from my father yet?” Iona leaned close enough for David to hear but didn’t look in his eyes. 
“I will tell you the minute I hear from him,” David looked at the pallor of her face. Her eyes snapped to the crowds around her. 
“Are you doing ok, with so many people?” 
Iona pointed toward a sign ignoring his question, “I need to sign-in.”
They moved through the crowds and David wondered how many stray arrows had become a real danger to the spectators at such events. David’s eyes browsed for reddish blonde men, and anyone else who looked like any sort of threat. He moved around Iona, creating room for her to move forward easily, though she didn’t seem to notice. 
“How are you feeling?” David leaned down as they got into line. 
“Who’s asking, my bodyguard or the man that slept with me last night?” Iona’s nostrils flared and she turned to look straight ahead of her.
He didn’t like the way the day was going. She was cold and distant and how could he blame her? He’d handled everything very badly. He sighed aloud thinking about it and Iona made a withering look at the sound. 
Once she’d signed in she walked silently away from the tables. 
“Where to?” David looked around to look for signs. He guessed that everything looked just as foreign to Iona since she hadn’t been to any tournaments before either.
“The ladies,” She pointed to the women’s bathroom. “Let me borrow your phone, I want to try to call my father.” 
David handed her the phone, “I’ll wait right here.” 
Iona nodded as she walked toward the line. He would be standing here for good bit of time, if the line was any indication. He watched a few more women step into line and David shifted his weight. 
He watched as people went by. Bursts of excitement surged from certain competitors or enthusiastic spectators. A few serious competitors walked by with grim resolute looks. David wondered again about Coll. It was strange. Iona was right that her father would never miss her in competition. Maybe Coll’s phone had run out of power, maybe he was stuck in traffic.
David looked at the line and watched as a few women came out. He recognized one of them as a girl that had gone in after Iona. David walked closer to the door. He couldn’t go in. He looked at one of the digital clocks posted along the wall. She had been in there for over twenty-five minutes. Sweat broke out over David’s back, this was why he never wore button up shirts. 
Another five minutes and David knew something wasn’t right. He went to a lady on her way out. 
“Excuse me, my friend went in there a long time ago and she’s not out yet. Would you mind going in and calling for her? Her name is Iona, lots of dark curly hair.” The woman looked at David with scrutiny, “She’s diabetic.” David lied to give more purpose to his question. 
“Of course,” The woman smiled sympathetically then went back into the restrooms. The woman came out three minutes later. “Nope, your friend must be somewhere else.” 
Chapter Seven
Iona had waited until David’s gaze was turned to the crowds and for a large surge of people that she could easily hide away behind, before leaving the bathroom. She hadn’t really planned on shirking him but she didn’t want to be standing next to him anymore either. Her skin prickled with irritation. She’d trusted him, she’d liked him, then he’d so easily changed his mind in the light of day.
Iona walked along the halls of the arena looking for the athletes holding area. She’d left a message for her father but it hadn’t made her feel any better. 
She had twenty minutes before her first sets and needed to have her equipment looked over.
The crowds went quiet as a group of men placed their marks. Iona watched them all with a critical eye. She could see the mistakes they were making before they realized it themselves. Everyone seemed to have their own unique way of shooting. A few with awkward or sloppy form still placed very good results. 
Iona skimmed the crowds for David, then for her father, but she didn’t see either. 
David’s phone rang from an unknown number. It could be her father, it could also be David on a stranger’s phone. 
She didn’t want to risk it, “Hello.” She whispered into the phone. 
“Where are you?” David’s voice was full of irritation. Iona hung up then slipped the phone into her bag. 
An older woman with bobbed gray hair motioned for Iona and several other women she would be competing with. Iona stood. She was a nervous, butterflies kicking around in her stomach. 
Though they had been motioned to stand they all waited another ten minutes for the men to retrieve their arrows. 
Iona knew how this was to go, she’d studied it and practiced it, but she still felt like she might be doing something wrong. She waited for the indication then stepped up. 
There was another signal and she raised her bow, aimed her arrow. Iona let it fly. 
Straight to the center. There was a murmur from the crowd. Iona smiled lightly and felt the butterflies drift away. She continued on through the set and the next, strong. She moved everything else from her mind. Her father, David, the trip, the men. Everything drifted away as she raised her bow and arrow again and again. 
As she moved into position on her last round she saw a flash of red blonde hair. 
Iona’s attention was taken, her mind moved. She was off her mark. Iona exhaled a shaky breath. She would still place well, toward the top. She looked again for the hair. 
It took a few moments of looking until she saw it again. The man moved along a line of spectators, she walked to her right trying keep her eye trained on the man. Then, David’s face filled the space. 
Iona sucked in breath. 
She was released from her group. She looked again and again, saw many men with nearly bald heads and a few with reddish hair but none of them the same. 
“What were you thinking?” David was in front of her. 
“I think I saw the man with the reddish blonde hair,” She looked beyond David but he put both hands on her shoulders and looked into her eyes. 
“Why did you try to lose me?” David’s grip was tight around her shoulders. 
“Didn’t you hear me, I think that man is here…” 
There was a pressure on Iona’s back and she noticed David seeing behind her before she turned herself. 
A small woman in slacks and a polo shirt was looking at her nervously. She was part of the staff. Immediately Iona thought there had been something wrong with her scoring, she was going to be disqualified. 
“Ms. Fraser?” The woman’s voice was soft and unsure. 
“Yes?” 
“It’s your father, he’s been taken to Toronto General Hospital,” The woman handed Iona a note of paper with a phone number on it. 
Iona took the paper, staring at it, as if the paper might tell her something more if only she looked at it hard enough. 
“Why, what’s wrong?” Iona could feel herself on the edge of wildness. 
“I don’t know, you should call,” The woman gave a sympathetic little smile then walked back into the shuffle of people. 
“Let’s go,” David guided her before she even realized that she was moving again. His hand reached in her bag and before she could protest or even register the action he pulled out his cell phone. 
David called for the driver then led Iona out. Once they were in the car they called the hospital. 
“I’m calling about a patient, Coll Fraser, we just received a message… Right, we’ll be there in a few minutes.” David hung up the phone. “He’s in surgery right now. The doctor will tell us what’s going on when we get there.” 
“Then why leave a message for us at all?” Iona’s voice was high pitched and frantic for her father. “Did she say what kind of surgery? Anything?” 
David shook his head. She wondered if he’d had a heart attack, the doctor’s always gave him glowing reviews, she couldn’t even remember him ever getting a cold. 
At the hospital David did all the talking. Iona tried to focus her mind the way she had during the tournament but she couldn’t, her brain felt fractured into tiny pieces all floating around her. 
“Where are we going?” Iona asked David as he hit the elevator door. 
He looked at her carefully, “Up to surgery, we’ll get more information then.” 
Iona nodded, wondering if she’d already heard this information. David guided her around like he been there before, only turning the wrong way for a moment or two before correcting course. 
“Your father is out of surgery now, but still coming out of anesthesia, you won’t be able to see him yet but I’ll tell the doctor you’re here.” The woman behind the desk was speaking in foggy tones and Iona nodded at her. 
“Sit here,” David placed Iona in a chair. There were other people in the waiting room as well, none that looked as worried as she felt. Iona realized that David was gone and stood up fast. 
“It’ ok, I just got you some water, sit.” David’s voice was calm and soothing. He put the cup directly into her hand, wrapping her fingers around it, and waited for her to sit back down before sitting next to her. 
They waited for a good 45-minutes before the woman behind reception called to them. The doctor stood next to her and motioned for her and David to follow him out into the hall. 
“Your father is doing well, the puncture was lucky, any further over and it would have killed him for sure.” The doctor looked old, perhaps too old to still be wielding a scalpel, and he bobbed his head as he talked. 
“What puncture? What happened to him?” Iona looked at David to see if he already knew but he looked just as lost as Iona. 
“Stab wound, he was brought in early this morning, found by some Good Samaritan—and lucky he was too. No identification on him, he gained consciousness for a few minutes just before surgery and told the nurse he had to go see you compete.” The doctor spoke slowly looking for signs of comprehension. “I’m sorry, I thought you’d already been told.”
“No,” David’s voice was solid behind her. 
“He was very badly beaten, a broken rib, his face is very swollen, and stabbed twice. The police will want to talk to him when he’s awake of course, we don’t really know anything about what happened yet… the first stab wound was only flesh, an easy stitch up that happened early this morning, but the other punctured his liver. The loss of blood was tremendous…”
“But he’ll live?” David asked from behind her. 
The doctor nodded, “It appears that way.” 
“When can I see him?” Iona felt a drop on her hand and she realized that she was crying. 
“When he wakes up. You’ll need to be calm, gentle… but he’ll be happy to see you.” The doctor patted Iona’s shoulder with a heavy hand. 
“By the way” The doctor paused before heading back into the doors with no handles on them. "Did you win your competition?” 
Iona breathed in, she’d forgotten all about the competition, it felt like a year ago. 
“Didn’t win, but close to the top I think,” She tried and failed to smile. 
“Your father will be happy to hear it.” The older man swiped his hospital identification against a gray panel and the doors opened for him then closed leaving Iona and David alone. 
Chapter Eight
Iona and David spent the next two weeks in and out of the hospital. Coll had not recovered as easily as the doctor had made it sound, there had been an infection, another emergency surgery, and blood transfusion. Coll was constantly rolling between pain medications that put him immediately to sleep. 
When the police had come by, Coll told them through his swollen face that he’d been attacked by strangers. They’d asked for his money then beaten him up even after they got it. Coll could not remember any distinguishing traits about them besides a general guess at their height and race. 
David looked at Iona as her father gave this information, but she didn’t seem to find it odd, not that she was the best judge these days. Iona had been falling apart at the seams. Her father’s condition had left her unraveled and in a fog of near unconsciousness. She was barely able to converse as she always lost track of what had been said and would often break off mid-sentence into silence, or to change the subject completely. 
Both David and Iona had been camping out in her father’s hospital room. David had taken all their clothes to a local Laundromat twice. They watched the small TV, show after show, for hours on end. Coll would awaken, moaning and in pain, then the nurse would come and dose him up again. They’d had to change his pain medication twice already. First, when his body had adapted to its effects and he’d reached his maximum dosage, and the second when the medication made him vomit. 
Iona blamed herself for her father’s condition. He had caught her murmuring, “It’s my fault he’s here. We wouldn’t have come here if it weren’t for me.” 
When he responded to her words she turned and looked at him with such wild eyes that he knew she hadn’t known she’d been speaking aloud. 
David went to the cafeteria at least once a day to stock up on food for both of them but Iona barely ate. She would sometimes pick around her father’s uneaten food but hardly anything else. 
“I ran out for a treat today,” David lifted a Deb’s Bakery bag. He’d purchased an assortment, croissant, cream horn, a scone, and a mini quiche in case she wasn’t in the mood for something sweet. David pulled out each one and placed it on a leftover plate from the day before. 
“Oh,” Iona looked at the pastries. “Maybe he’ll eat one,” She said as if David had been trying to tempt her father and not herself. 
“Yes,” he sat back in the chair that also acted as his bed every night. 
“David?” Iona sat up. “You’ve been here long enough. You should go home now,” She said the words as if she’d been deliberating over them. As if it were the first time she’d said them. 
“I already told you, no. I’m making sure you get home safely.” David closed his eyes against the TV. 
The morning nurse came in. Rosa Lee still looked like a teenager, she had her hair slicked back into a tight ponytail and cat eye glasses straight out of the fifties. She was the most optimistic nurse, always answering questions when she could, and dealing with Iona’s fears by listening to her and responding when Iona thought her father needed something new. 
“Today’s the day, how are we feeling?” Rosa Lee was an incredible morning person. 
“The doctor’s still think it is ok for him to go so soon?” Iona didn’t agree that her father was ready to go home but the doctor’s wanted to get him out of the hospital. With his weakened immune system they didn’t want to risk another infection by keeping him. 
“The doctor will be in before we sign the paperwork and then you can ask him yourself,” Rosa Lee smiled. The doctor had come in every day sometimes only for a few minutes. Always with the same words, the same bobbing head. 
“How are we doing this morning?” Rosa Lee woke Coll though he was still loopy from his most recent dose of pain medication. “I’m going to take your vitals.” 
Coll closed and opened his heavy lids a few times, then nodded. 
“How did you sleep?” Rosa Lee asked Coll. 
“Terribly,” Coll’s voice was raspy and ill humored. He looked to his daughter, who smiled just to hear him speak, then to David, then back to the nurse. “I’m leaving today?” 
“Your daughter arranged the helicopter and as long as the Doc gives you the green light then you will be waking up in your own bed tomorrow.” She strapped the blood pressure cuff to his upper arm and popped the thermometer into his mouth. The little machine next to Coll’s bed started reading off numbers and Rosa Lee wrote them on his charts. 
“I’ll be back soon,” Rosa Lee said before leaving. “Let me know if you need anything.” 
Iona moved to her father’s bedside. 
“I don’t think we should move you yet, what if you need something here?” Iona placed her hand around her father’s large one. David could see the love and pain in Iona’s eyes. She looked even more beautiful in her worry. Her cheeks had become more prominent as the days of eating less and less went by. Her eyes glowed with love for her father. 
David couldn’t take his eyes off her. 
“I want to be in my own bed, it will be good for me.” Coll lifted his hand and patted Iona’s forearm. “Everything is already arranged?” Coll looked to David. 
“Yes sir, the helicopter will take you to the island, Jinx and Lettie know you are on the way and will settle you in with the help of a nurse once there. Your family doctor will see you and you will do follow up with the hospital in town.”
“And you will see Iona safely back?” Coll looked at David with clarity. 
“Absolutely,” David nodded. There was no room for Iona and David in the helicopter, which was a big reason for Iona’s misgivings about leaving the hospital. At first she flatly refused. But it was no good, no room meant no room. They’d only been able to commission a smaller model and the hospital would not airlift a patient to go home. They’d hired two nurses for the trip who would settle Coll in at home as well. 
David and Iona would catch a flight later in the day and they’d be on the Island not long after Coll arrived there himself. 
“The people,” Coll continued—losing his way among words and stalling out tiredly. 
“What people, daddy?” 
“The ones who did this to me, they were men from the Mac Alastair clan.” Coll looked at his daughter but David knew that he meant for David to hear it too. 
“But why did you tell the police you didn’t know who they were?” She looked at her father’s face and realized she was asking the wrong question. “Why would they do this to you? You haven’t been in Scotland in two decades, what could they want with you now, so far from their home?” 
Coll sighed, “Hundreds of years worth of hate. There was a lot of blood shed on both sides.” 
“My mother?” Iona had heard fragments of the story but when she’d spoken of it to David she’d made is sound as much as gang violence was in America. 
“Yes, we… it goes back too far and now we are the last of our line.” Coll’s eyes were red rimmed from so much drug-induced sleep. 
“The men I saw,” She turned to David. “The two with reddish blonde hair and the one with the bald head.” 
“Yes,” Coll nodded, “They won’t stop until we are destroyed. It is retribution at its best.”
“But what of our retribution, what of my mother, wasn’t that enough?” Iona had begun to cry though David hardly thought she realized it. She’d tried to maintain a cool front every time she spoke to her father since he’d come to the hospital. 
Coll shook his head, “It doesn’t appear that way. You will promise me not to leave David’s side until you are safely on the Island. There we are safe—I have made sure of that.”
There was a silence in the air as Iona thought of the words her father was saying, 
“Promise me,” He said sharply this time. 
“Yes,” Iona nodded, “I promise.” 
“Good.” Coll breathed a long easy breath and closed his eyes, then within minutes he was sleeping again. 
The papers were signed and Coll was released from the hospital’s care. He was taken to the heliport and the two hired nurses took him from there. David talked to the pilot, to the nurses, making sure everything was understood. They would not stop until they were on the Island. 
David moved close to Iona as the helicopter lifted into the air and left the hospital. His body eclipsed hers. He loved the strength of her body, her breadth, the plump curves that made her such a robust figure of a woman. But, those things didn’t seem to protect her now and he felt the vulnerability of the woman in front of him. 
“We should go,” She wiped the last tears from her eyes braced herself against a sharp wind. Her mind seemed clear for the first time in weeks. 
“Yes,” David followed her as they made their way down the hospital elevator and out onto the streets. 
“We have time before our flight, would you like to get something to eat?” His mission to have her fed hadn’t dissipated. 
“No, but I don’t like the thought of waiting in the airport…” She looked into the street, thinking. “I’d like to pop into that store, maybe get some water,” She pointed at a drugstore across the street and David nodded. 
When they walked in the over circulated air hit David in the face. 
“You get some snacks and drinks, I’ll get something for the motion sickness,” She pointed to the drug and medication section. David paused. “Don’t worry,” She said, “You can see me from here.” 
He nodded and watched as she walked into the aisle picking up Dramamine for the flight and car rides. She had promised her father that she wouldn’t leave his side and he believed her promise. David picked out two waters and tried to imagine what food might tempt Iona since nothing else really had. 
When he looked back for Iona she was gone. He walked briskly in the direction he’d watched her go, worry flooding his blood stream. 
“Need something else?” Her voice came from behind him and she patted her purse, “I already paid, I’ve changed my mind about the snacks.” 
David looked at her carefully then replaced the food he’d picked up. He’d been eating plenty and wasn’t remotely hungry. “Won’t you need water to wash those down?” He asked. 
“I’ll get one at the airport,” She smiled faintly. 
The two went back out. 
“Should I call the driver?” 
“No,” She looked up at the sky, letting the sun saturate her face. “Let’s walk, if you think it’s safe enough.” 
David couldn’t detect any sarcasm in her words, and nodded, thinking the exercise and sunshine might do her good. 
They walked until they came to a small park, out of the fray. There was a homeless man lying on a bench across the green but other than that they were the only ones. Iona sat on a bench and tilted her head back. 
“Do you feel safe with me?” David asked after a moment of watching her. She looked absorbed by the feel of the sun, oblivious to the dangers her father had just told her about. 
“Yes,” She opened her eyes now and looked at him. 
“Even with what happened before the tournament?” David had been meaning to talk about it but there never seemed to be a good moment. 
“Especially with what happened,” She looked at him thoughtfully. 
“What do you mean?” 
“I realized something that I didn’t understand then,” Iona breathed in. She looked at her hands, then back at David. “You were scared.” 
“Scared?” David was skeptical of such a word, too much like a woman’s rationalization. “Scared of what?” 
Iona looked at him for a long time then said slowly and deliberately, “Scared because you love me.” 
David felt the breath being pushed from him. He waited to see if she’d laugh, if she was joking, but she didn’t and she wasn’t.
“Your eyes,” Iona placed her thumb just under his eyes as she looked into them.  
David felt himself go hot. 
“I’m going to use the restroom,” Iona pointed to a small stone building only a few feet from where they sat. “I’ll let you think for a moment.” She walked off into the small structure. 
David sat staring after her for a long time. Scared because you love me, she’d said. David stood up. She’d been in there for too long. He went to the door of the small building and knocked. He didn’t wait but walked right in. 
It was a small space and he found himself only inches from Iona who was washing her hands. 
“Thought I’d run off again?” Iona turned the water off and shook stray droplets from her hands. 
David didn’t know what to say. He turned back to the door, but instead of opening it he moved the heavy large trashcan in front of it. He turned back to Iona and straight into her arms. 
They were hungrier, faster, as if the last two weeks had been foreplay. Her mouth pulled him in, her teeth pulling at his lip.
David pulled Iona’s pants down, hoping he didn’t rip them with his force. She slipped one foot out and wrapped it around his waist as she steadied her ass on the cold sink. 
She was wet. Slippery. Her body called to his, asking, inviting. She moved her hands and released his fly, pulling him out, hard and full, her hands moving over him before he slid inside of her. 
Their noises seemed magnified in the stone building but David didn’t care. He needed this woman, needed to watch her face as she came, needed to see the greedy desire in her expression. 
Iona’s body was fleshy and soft in his hands. He cupped her ass with both hands so he could lift her, move her, and steady her as he moved inside of her. 
Her mouth dropped open, hot breath moved across his face, his neck. He felt his body ready to finish, ready to reach the top and come rolling back down the hill. His desire was more acute then he’d ever felt it in his life. 
Iona cried out, a groan of abandon, she tried to reel it in but couldn’t. The sound turned him on even more. David watched as her body tensed, her breath short and contracted. He watched as she came. He felt her body pulsing around him. The look of her face, the loss of control, left him without hope. David let himself come with her. Let his body release with hers. 
His movements softened as Iona draped herself over him. 
He felt like the tin man, his body rusty and creaking after holding one position for so long. His blood slowly moved in his veins again and he pulled away from Iona. 
David put both hands through his hair. He smelled of her, smelled of her juices. The smell…her smell, sweet and perfect, filled the space, he loved it. 
“I’ll just clean up,” Her feet were back on the ground and Iona was adjusting her clothes back into place. “I’ll meet you out…” Iona’s voice trailed off as she noticed David. 
David was staring at a small stick balancing on top of the toilet paper roll. It was a pregnancy test. 
Chapter Nine
Iona had expected more of a reaction from David, yelling maybe, or in another world—the kind in movies—a cry of delight as he lifted Iona off her feet. But there was none of that. He’d seen the pregnancy test then turned to Iona. His eyes, golden, were the only part of him that spoke. 
David had walked out of the stone building and Iona had no clue, no indication of his thoughts. She hardly knew her own. 
Iona took a breath walked out into the sunny day. David had called the driver, it was time for them to go to the airport. 
The flight had been better, Iona had forgotten all about her unopened Dramamine tablets, but she hadn’t felt nauseous or sick on the plane. Her mind was too full to notice the rocky movement of the plane. 
David kept his body close to Iona through the whole trip. Lifting her bags, taking care of everything, leaving Iona with nothing to do. 
The local airport in Maine was much smaller then Toronto. They waited for their bags and only a few other people waited with them. 
“Jinx says your father reached the island safely, he is settled in and sleeping,” David read the message from his phone. They were taking a cab to the marina where they would pay someone to ferry them across. It was the first thing he’d said to her directly since they’d left Toronto. 
“Good,” Iona had an urge to burrow into David, to take refuge in his strength, his body, but she couldn’t do anything until she knew how he felt about it all. It was possible that even now he was planning his escape. He could drop her off on the island then ferry back to his previous life, a life without her. 
Iona’s whole being quivered at the thought of never seeing David again. She looked at him for a long time in the cab, memorizing his face, his neck. Whatever happened now she would have this memory of him locked within herself. 
It was a cool, soggy Maine day when they walked down the marina to the ferries and local fishing boats. 
“We can rent a boat there,” Iona pointed a finger to a painted sign. She wanted to know if David would object, say there was no one to bring it back, but instead he went to the sign. 
Did he know that Lettie and Jinx were both excellent with a vessel? That one could bring it back and the other take their own boat? She didn’t think so. Perhaps he thought he would be able to bring it back himself. 
David rented a small scrappy boat, “I assume you know how to use one of these things?” 
“Jinx taught me a long time ago, they sometimes let me take theirs around and around the island, but never far.” Iona watched as David put her luggage, then his own at the back. It was a small two seat motorboat, easy enough to use and would only take a moment of watching for David to drive it himself. 
“Maybe we should get some food, something special before leaving?” Iona turned back to see what was nearby, what might tempt her father. She knew she was really delaying the trip, vying for more time with David.
“With Lettie, you don’t need anything to tempt your father,” David’s voice came from behind her but Iona was frozen in place. A hundred feet away stood the group of men. It was them. They’d followed them all the way from Toronto, all the way from Scotland. Her father had not been paranoid, or exaggerating. 
She knew that she should feel fear. That she should run the other direction and never look back but she found a rage explode inside of her. A volcano of uncontrollable anger was erupting through her veins. 
Iona walked toward them and they stopped, obviously taken aback by her stampeding presence. 
“You,” She pointed a finger directly at them. “Isn’t it enough that you killed my mother? Isn’t it enough?” She was shaking with anger. They were in a public place, there were people around, what could they do to her here?
“Fuck your mother. She deserved worse then what she got,” The tallest one spoke, his lips white. His brogue was thick, even thicker than her father’s.
“I will kill you,” Iona’s voice was husky, almost inaudible. 
“Hear that? The lass is going to kill us,” The baldhead said with a shake of laughter. 
“Only two people are going to die today lassie, and I’m not one of them.” The tallest spoke again. 
“Iona,” Her body was pulled back and David stepped in front of her. “Go back to the boat.” He commanded her while looking at the men. 
Iona could not make herself move, she stood shaking and trembling behind David’s body. 
“Now,” He turned his face only partially, still refusing to break visual contact with the men. “You,” He spoke to the men and Iona began backing away as David’s muscles flexed, “Will not touch her or her father. If you come near us again you will be very sorry.” 
More sneers came and a puff of laughter from the bald man. Iona imagined herself punching the man squarely in the nose. 
“We’re going,” David turned his back to the men, a vulnerable position Iona thought, and walked to her. “Now,” His voice had never been more serious. 
Iona scrambled into the boat. Her body was shivering and shaking anger mixed with fear too. Did those men have guns? Could they get to her father before her and David? 
“You know the way to the island?” David asked and Iona nodded. She’d studied maps of where she lived all her life. She turned the key in the ignition and pulled out of the marina. She could not go fast here though she wanted to, they would be stopped if she put other people’s lives in danger by being reckless. She idled out then opened up as they made it to clearer waters. 
There was a sound behind them and Iona turned to see a larger boat approaching them. The men were following. 
“Keep driving,” David said. 
“They might have a gun,” Iona felt the cold spray on her face, her hair flowing large and unruly around her in the wind. 
If they had a gun then how would they protect themselves? How would they protect her father?
“Drive,” David kept his eyes on the other men. Iona made a wide arch with the boat, trying to keep the men from getting too close. Their boat was bigger, faster. Iona couldn’t out pace them.
She tried again to lose them with another arching line that nearly made her lose her own balance. 
It was useless, the boat was upon them. She turned to look and saw one of the men pull a gun. Iona’s stomach felt like it dropped through the bottom of the boat. What could they possibly do against a gun? 
“Look,” Iona yelled to David and turned. But David was changed. His body was lifting, moving, he was growing, his body becoming a series of large dense scales. A tail swung out and Iona was too terrified to scream. 
Two large wings flapped out, horns at the top of his head, the golden eyes Iona had loved glistened. A dragon took to the sky. Iona looked to the men, she saw a shadow of fear cross their faces, but also recognition. They’d seen this before, a man becoming a dragon. 
David was in the sky lifting up then plunging back down, straight toward them. She watched the one point his gun. 
“No,” Iona cried out as the shot rang out. The shot must have hit but David didn’t seem to notice. David’s thick tail lurched out, striking her boat and pushing her forward toward the island, he wanted her to keep going. She turned back to the wheel and began speeding forward, looking back over and over again. The men were driving forward too. One stood on the end of the boat with a large knife raised. Panic for David welled inside of her. She glanced toward her destination, the island was in front of her, maybe five minutes away, she could make it. 
Iona turned and watched the man with the knife crouch, waiting to jump, then grasping onto David’s tail. David flicked it hard but the man held on. One of the other men shot again at David. How many shots until they killed him? 
Iona’s body tightened, what would she do once she reached the island? How would she protect him? 
Iona pulled back on the engine. She ran to her luggage and grabbed her bow, pulled an arrow and aimed. The boat was coming straight toward her. She aimed for the man driving the boat. She waited until she was sure of her distance, then released. 
It was the first time one of her arrows had hit a human being. Her mark was perfect. The man looked at the arrow sticking out of his chest before falling. He was dead. 
The man with the gun shot again, and again. 
David inhaled them released a stream of fire onto the man. The boat went up in flames, she could see the man incinerate in front of her eyes. Her heart was beating in her mouth and she placed another arrow. She couldn’t aim at David, she couldn’t, what if she missed? 
The man was crawling up David, up his scales, toward his heart, his head. Iona aimed but stopped, she couldn’t risk it. But what if she didn’t?
David took the decision from her, he shot up into the sky, one straight beautiful dark line, then swooped down again, faster then she’d ever seen anything move. Just before he hit the water he swung violently to the side. The man went flying. Iona watched the man’s body, lifting into the air. Iona aimed again. He would hit water soon. Just as Iona released the arrow, David let out another stream of fire. 
The man and Iona’s arrow were gone. She froze as she watched the place where only moments before he had existed, alive, whole. Her bow fell out of her hands and clattered onto the boards of the boat. Iona leaned back, ready to vomit, to collapse. 
A few stray pieces of burning boat still sparkled on top of the water.
David made another sweep of the scene, easily, deftly, he landed onto the Island. She turned and watched his body transform, change. The thought of the gun, of the man who shot at David, made her move. He could be hurt. He could be bleeding. She’d heard at least four shots. 
She drove the boat forward, her hands and body trembling. She barely noticed when she’d pull in, too fast, and clambered onto the small dock. She ran to where she’d seen David touch down. The light was going and he appeared more as a shadow then as a person. A glint of red tee shirt sparked on the green ground. 
Iona ran to him, throwing her body down close to his own. He was lying still. 
“David?” His skin was fiery hot, but she did not see blood, did not see bullet wounds. “David,” She yelled his name and his eyelids flickered open. 
He smiled. 
“Iona,” He breathed out. 
“Are you ok? What do you need?” She placed his head in her lap. 
“I’m just fine,” David looked up at her with a peaceful smile. “We’re all just fine.” She looked down to see his hand over her belly. 
“Yes,” Iona smiled. “We’re all just fine.” 
He rolled over and lifted his torso up and Iona watched, ready to help should he need it. 
“It takes energy from me, that’s all, I’ll be fine with some food, sleep.” 
She reached forward and helped him to his feet. The two limped slowly forward toward the castle. 
“I didn’t know you could do that,” Iona said, looking over David’s body, wondering what other things it might be capable of.
“It’s why your father hired me,” David laughed. 
“You mean my father knew?” 
“I believe he went looking specifically—“ David leaned on Iona and she felt herself grow stronger under him. “Now you know how right he was to hire me.” 
“My father is a very smart man—and a good judge of character.” She looked up at his profile, perfect in the setting sun. 
“I probably shouldn’t let you out of my sight…maybe…ever.” He turned his gaze and looked into her eyes. Iona smiled. 
She nodded, “I think that would be wise.”
The doors to the castle opened and Lettie came out, her apron covered in cooking remnants.
“What took you two so long? I’ve had dinner ready for over an hour.” She smiled at them both and wiped her dirty hands on her dirty apron. “Will Mr. Kilgore be staying for dinner then?” She winked at Iona and Iona tried not to blush. 
“Mr. Kilgore,” David responded in the third person, “will be staying for a very long time indeed.” 
“I’ll have to start buying more food, the way you two eat…” Lettie made a knowing sound and walked them through the doors. 
“What’s for dinner?” Iona smelled a heavenly aroma roll over her. 
“I thought you might be spoiled with all sorts of cosmopolitan food out there,” She pointed vaguely back into the world. “So, I’ve been learning some Japanese food. I made sushi,” Lettie looked at Iona’s face for a reaction. Iona nodded carefully, she’d never had sushi before. Lettie walked with a smile back to the kitchen as she said, “We’re having dragon rolls.”
Iona and David stopped walking. They both looked at the other. Then they burst into a peel of laughter. 
They heard Lettie grumble from the doorway, “…Don’t know what’s so funny about that.”

*****

THE END
Hopefully you enjoyed reading this book as much as I did writing.

I would appreciate if you´d be willing to share a review that allows me to continuously improve my books and motivates me to keep writing.

Of course, I understand that you are under zero obligation to leave a review, and if you do review it, you can leave a good, or a bad review. I am simply looking for the opportunity to have you consider it.

Thanks and All the Best,
Jasmine
Are you ready to read more romance stories full of Adventures, Passion and Emotions every week?

Click the “Get Access Now” link below to join today and receive a free copy of “The Vampire Prince´s Secret Baby”!

GET ACCESS NOW

