

PREY

By

Kassanna

*****

Smashwords Edition

*****

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental. This is an explicit and erotic novel intended for the enjoyment of adult readers only.

All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means, including photocopying, recording or by any information retrieval and storage system without permission of the author.

Ebooks are not transferrable, either in whole or in part. As the purchaser or otherwise lawful recipient of this ebook, you have the right to enjoy the novel on your own computer or other device. Further distribution, copying, sharing, gifting or uploading is illegal and violates United States Copyright laws.

Pirating of ebooks is illegal. Criminal Copyright Infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, may be investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and is punishable by up to five years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

PREY Copyright2013 by Kassanna

Publishing History
First Digital Edition 2013

*****

Chapter One

Nae eased around the trunk of the tree. In the distance, the gleam of the dying sun’s rays reflected off the handle bars of various motorcycles parked in front of a bar. ‘Trots’ was painted white across the plate glass window with everything else blacked out. Nothing could be seen through the dark barrier. She pressed her back against the old oak. Hair from her ponytail caught in the rough bark, and the muzzle of her gun pushing against the small of her back reassured her she could take down the felon she’d been sent to capture. She’d tracked the bail jumper across eight states and ended up in the middle of bum-fuck Oregon. The idiot had stolen a bike from some buy-here-pay-here lot in Utah. Nae dug papers from her pocket. The worn sheets curled at the edges as she opened up the folded pieces and compared the pictures. One photo was from her boss, Amos, at A-One Bail Bonds, while the other was from the surveillance camera at the car lot.
Until this assignment, she’d only hunted small time crooks with no creativity. And, she usually caught them within hours of their missed court appointment. But this guy, Eldridge, strolled into a local jeweler’s store, bagged millions of dollars’ worth of gems before sauntering out to where he parked his car a block away. Then he called the police to turn himself in citing a change of heart. The man could have gotten away. Police were crawling all over the place like chickens with their heads cut off, as if they were unsure where to start. The case was one large cluster fuck and she had no clue why Amos even bothered to bond the thief for bail.
There was also the question of why he would give her the jacket on the jumper. As her newly chosen profession she’d only been at the job for a little over six months. Not that she would look a gift horse in the mouth. The bounty on the guy was sweet at twenty-five thousand. It would give her a hand up in getting the office and equipment she needed. But, she couldn’t help but wonder why her boss had chosen her when he had other, seasoned, bounty hunters at his disposal.
Her hunt started in Reno, Nevada, and for a minute she’d thought she’d lost his trail, until she came across the local news in Salt Lake City. While sitting in a shitty motel room which cost more than it was worth, she watched the local news. They were showing a clip of the asshole on the tiny television screen, busting the lock on a gate to a small car dealership. It was the lead she needed. With a description of the bike he stolen, she had her cousin, who was her partner and personal computer specialist, track the cycle through sightings on highways and closed circuit cameras mounted at the toll road stops.
She glanced at the name on the report. Eldridge Khune. Funny, he didn’t use an alias, almost like he wasn’t trying to hide. She sighed. This was too easy. The sun dipped below the tree tops, and inky darkness replaced the fading rays. An owl hooted somewhere in the woods behind her. She’d watched the one room shack for hours; no one went in, but no one came out in all that time either. Hell, she’d read horror stories with similar beginnings. Nae blew out a breath and bent at the waist to pull her baton from under her jeans leg. Making sure it was secure in her boot, she pushed off the tree trunk, rolled her shoulders, and hiked toward the structure. She ignored the niggling feeling that slithered down her spine; something wasn’t right. She crumpled the papers in her fist and continued to approach the building.
She stopped at the bike on the farthest end of the long line and rubbed the two reports across the seat to straighten them out. Then, she angled the second page under a flood light attached to the corner of the building. A quick read of the cycle’s description had her circling the bike to confirm it was her target’s machine.
Secure in the knowledge that the vehicle matched the description, but she still needed visual confirmation that he was indeed the rider. Nae stuffed the sheets in her side pocket and dropped her head back to stare at the rising moon. Clouds drifted across the sky and blocked the twinkling stars, breaking up the darkness and partially concealing the giant white orb. She blew out a breath, shook out her arms, marched to the front door, and yanked it open.
She stepped over the threshold and into a smoke filled, dimly lit room. Silence greeted her as she glanced around the area. The clack of balls bumping into one another filled the quiet. She looked over to see several men in similar leather vests bent low over a pool table at the back of the space. Slowly, people resumed talking amongst themselves while the others watched her as she ambled over to the bar. She nodded at those few individuals who sneered as she passed.
A polished wood bar curved in a half circle from the corner. Most of the stools were taken. She squeezed through two burly men who wouldn’t budge. One guy spun around and eyed her up and down before he turned his back. The other fella leaned in and took a long sniff at her neck.
Nae stood her ground while angling her torso away from the invasive act. The butt of her gun pushed into the small of her back as she was shoved up against the hard wood. She raised her hand, prepared to shove him away. “Is there something I can help you with?”
A slow smile lifted the corners of his mouth, but his lips never parted. The man tilted his head and stared at her with cold bleak eyes before he spoke. “You smell nice, a word of advice little human. You might want to sashay your ass out of here before some of the others catch your scent. This is no place for your kind.” He twisted on his seat and offered his back again.
She read the words on his leather jacket, Pride Riders. Human? What the hell does that mean? She tapped him on the shoulder and yelled over the crowd. “Excuse me I’m looking for Eldridge. Can you tell me where I might find him?”
The two men swiveled around to face her. Curiosity lit up the eyes of the man who’d spoken to her. He glanced over at the guy beside her and nodded. His eyebrows climbed his forehead as he eased off his seat. Unable to watch them both, she grudgingly turned her head to watch where the man who had been beside her slinked off too.
“What do you want with El?” The first fella picked up his tumbler from the bar and tossed the amber liquid back.
“I ran into him in Nevada and he … ah … invited me here.” Nae peeped at the glass he slammed on the rutted surface of the counter.
“Funny he didn’t mention you. Come to think of it he hasn’t left town in for a few months.”
“Maybe he didn’t want you to know he skipped off to another city for a bit.” She kept her face devoid of emotion and continued in a dry tone. “ I can see why he might want some time away.”
The big man snorted. “Now that would be interesting.”
A commotion from the back of the room drew her attention and a visceral scream filled the air. Suddenly, a woman with white streaks in her blonde hair jumped on a table, knocking bottles down. They tinkled as they bumped against each other before tumbling to the floor. The chick on the table top held her arms away from her body with curled hands, and long nails protruded from her fingertips.
The biker next to her shook his head. “Well, shit just got stupid. Here I thought you might actually get out of here unscathed.” He rose from his seat. “Oh, by the way, El isn’t here but Zima there used to be his lover. Sometimes, I think she believes she still is. Good luck with that.” He rose and pushed through the growing crowd forming around them.
Nae glanced at the departing man’s back before turning her sights on the woman with a definite height advantage. Ah hell. She held her hands up, palms forward. “Listen, it’s not what you think. I’m looking for El to complete a business transaction. You can keep him all for yourself.”
Zima flipped off the surface and landed a few feet from Nae who narrowed her eyes, keeping track of the woman’s movements. She eased around one of the two columns in the center of the room, staying out of Nae’s direct line of vision, while easing in close. Nae dropped her hands and exhaled. Every time she turned to face the woman, the chick moved. She chewed the inside of her cheek, debating on the baton or gun. Perhaps if she could get the crazy lady to chat, she might be able to talk her way out of the situation.
Nae tried again. “Listen…” She caught sight of the woman charging her in her peripheral vision.
Nails grazed her cheek, and she raised her arm to deflect the blow. Pain seared up her bicep as the woman’s claws sliced through her skin. Nae dropped to her knee and extended her leg, swinging it through her attacker’s limbs, to send the woman stumbling back. She grabbed the club from her boot and rose to her feet. The baton protracted with a flick of her wrist. Nae spun in a circle trying to keep her eyes on the agile attacker.
The second blow came from the opposite direction. The sound of scraping metal filled the room as Zima’s nails slid along the iron rod. Nae dropped her arm and turned her body to the side, swinging her weapon at the woman’s belly. Zima grunted, bent at the waist and stumbled forward. She stopped short of tumbling into the crowd. Nae danced out of the way as Zima spun and lunged for her, she met the woman’s gaze. Hate filled the bright gold eyes. With a flick of her wrist she brought the baton down on her opponent’s fingers. A wail ripped through the silence. When the woman opened her mouth Nae swore she saw fangs. Quickly circling her foe, Nae thrust her arm down, slamming the steel bar against Zima’s calves. Her opponent dropped to her knees. Nae twisted around and kicked up, aiming for the woman’s nose. Lightning fast, Zima grabbed her around the ankle and shoved her away. Nae slammed into the linoleum floor, flat on her back. She scrambled to get to her feet, watching as Zima rose and crossed her line of vision.
A roar rent the air and everyone stilled. An apprehensive quiet filled the space and Zima started to sprint toward her.

***

El padded out of the woods and stretched. The spicy, sweet scent of candied ginger made his nostrils twitch. That aroma followed him from the SUV, he’d found on an old logging road about a mile from the bar. He loped over to the cycles. Within a few steps bones broke and realigned; fur receded, leaving a sprinkling of hair on his skin. Gunter lit a thin cigar as he rested on the seat of his custom bike and blew circles of smoke in his direction. El strode to the saddle bag on his motorcycle and yanked out a pair of jeans. He slid in one leg, and then the other before pulling up his pants and meeting his second in command’s gaze.
Reaching for his vest, he slipped it on and dropped his boots on the ground. “You look like you have something to say Gunter?”
“Nope, I sent Reese to find you earlier, but now I’m just waiting.”
El glanced at the building which housed the motorcycle club then back at the older man. “For what?” Cool air enveloped him as he waited for an answer. Without the fur, he felt the chill to his bones. The weather in Oregon was nothing like the dry heat which seemed to rise off the plains of the Serengeti. But, it was a place no one would expect a pride of lions to reside. For him that once thing outweighed the importance of the other. He would keep his pride hidden at all costs.
“Curious evening, some woman came looking for you, a pretty little thing with bronze skin and sinful chocolate eyes.” Gunter inhaled deeply from his cigar, and a thin red rim of smoldering fire glowed in the night.
“A woman?”
“Yeah a human.”
“Huh, that’s the last species I would expect to seek me out. What did she want?”
The bar door was shoved open. Screeching metal was coupled with the whoops and hollers of his brethren. El tilted his head to see what the excitement was about. He caught sight of Zima falling down and another woman rising. One of his pride members hovered in the doorway, blocking El’s view.
He turned when El growled, hopping from one leg to another as he tilted his head toward the crowd indoors. “That woman … the human one … she actually brought Zima to her knees.” Excitement was clear in his tone. He dragged his gaze away from El’s and cleared his throat, hurrying out the way. The door closed with a soft click leaving an even stronger scent of candied ginger wafting through the air.
El stuffed his feet into his boots while he stared at Gunter. “I take it the woman is still in there?”
Gunter chuckled. “That’s where I left her.”
“You left a human woman in a room with animals? I am so tired of cleaning up your messes.”
“How is it my shit, when she came hunting you?” Gunter rose from his seat.
“Did she have an odor?” El pursed his lips and stared at the door.
“Oh yeah, a very nice one almost like candy.”
“What the hell were you thinking Gunter? You know what that means. She has mating potential.”
Gunter shrugged. “Zima was having a moment, and you know how I feel about her. I offered her the respect of a lioness and your one time lover. I walked away so I wouldn’t have to explain myself after I killed her. If and that’s a big if that woman could be, or is, a pride mate then she needs to be able to take care of herself. You don’t want some piss poor human female who can’t take care of herself or her cubs setting up camp with us.”
El met Gunter’s gaze. “You’re an asshole.”
A smile bloomed on his friend’s face. “You say the sweetest things. Umm … you might want to get in there before your psycho ex-girlfriend murders the cutie, and then we’ll be stuck searching for a burial spot all night.”
El stalked toward the structure mumbling. “Goddess, why do I keep you around?
Gunter followed in his footsteps. “Because I practically raised you, and I’m a tactical genius.”
El yanked the heavy barrier open and watched with growing interest as the lady Gunter had referred to held her own with Zima. She blocked blows while throwing her own punches. Her hair was pulled back tight into a ponytail. She’d worn jeans which that appeared to have been poured on, but she moved with ease. Her skin had a reddish undertone, and she was taller than he expected. She disappeared from view, and he searched the crowd for some sign of her.
He gazed over his shoulder at Gunter who raised his hands in question.
El turned his head, opened his mouth, and roared.
Everything stopped, except the two combatants. Zima was making a run for the human. The crowd split for him as he leapt on a table and used it as a springboard to land between the two women. He clamped a hand around Zima’s wrist and swung her around to face him. “Enough!” He growled. Then, he turned his gaze on the pretty female rising from a crouch. He released his ex and rumbled low in his throat. Zima inched away with her head bowed. The other woman loosely held a thin metal club in her palm.
She lifted her chin. “Who the fuck are you?”
He fought the urge to smile. “The man that saved your life.”
She sucked her teeth. “Please, I was about to knock that bitch out.”
“I think you might have underestimated Zima.”
“Or you have an overinflated estimation of her abilities. She has a tell, broadcasting which way she will move, and her left arm is weak. I would have won this fight.”
“Interesting, so want to tell me why you’re here?”
Her eyes narrowed. “I’m interested in finding Eldridge Khune.”
“My friends call me El. So what do you want?” He winked.
She reached behind her and pulled a semi-automatic forty five. “It’s a pleasure to finally meet you. Your bail has been revoked and you are under arrest.”
One by one the club members started to laugh until it filled the space. El shook his head and sauntered up to the spitfire with pretty brown eyes. He stopped when the muzzle of the weapon prevented him from moving farther and took a deep whiff of her scent. Her breasts heaved, and her eyes darted back and forth. He caught an undercurrent of fear. Just as quickly, she shut the emotion down and tightened her grip on the gun. His cock hardened by the minute. He’d never had any interest in human women before, but this one … he wanted to bury himself in her lushness.
El wrapped his fingers around hers and forced her to ram the muzzle deeper into the center of his chest. He met her defiant gaze and gently squeezed her hand. “Go ahead suiker, pull the trigger.”





Chapter Two

The heat from El’s palm bled into the back of her hand. Her heart beat sped up. She inhaled through her nose, and then pushed her breath out through her mouth, in an effort to slow down the organ. Nae angled her wrist up, and the muzzle of the gun edged down the center of his bare torso. She swallowed, as she looked him up and down.
Unlaced, tan leather work boots with the tongues hanging out, covered his big feet. Faded jeans, worn white at the knees and unbuttoned at the waist, hung low on his lean hips. Shirtless, his muscles flexed with every breath. The vest, with several colorful patches, hung off his broad shoulders, and the word pride was tattooed across his chest. Dirty blond hair with white streaks grazed the black leather.
Nae met his gaze and pressed her lips together in a firm line. Amber eyes with dark green flecks stared back at her with defiance. Taunting her by gently squeezing his fingers, she held her hand still against his urging.
He covered her thumb with his and eased the safety off. “I will not be confined. There are only two ways I would let you take me, and I would have to be dead for one of them.” He had the faintest of accents
“I can claim my bounty either way.” A bead of sweat rolled down her temple.
El leaned in. “Shoot me I dare you, suiker.”
“Do you have a fucking death wish?”
“Tsk, tsk, foul language from such luscious lips. Keep it up suiker, and I may be forced to punish you.”
“Discipline me, really? You might want to rethink that babe. It would take an act of God for you to get a hand on me.”
El cocked a brow. “Challenge accepted.” The crowd closed in on them.
“Damn, you’re obnoxious. Tell your friends to back the fuck off, and then turn around and walk toward the door.”
“I think you’re confused by my confidence.” He slid his hand down hers, stopping at her wrist.
She raised the baton in her other hand. “I will take you in, one way or another.”
“Keep talking woman. Your promises are giving me a hard on.”
Nae watched as he slid his palm over the growing bulge of his crotch. In the background, someone commented dryly, “For the love of goddess somebody shoot me.” She couldn’t stop her lips from twitching. In one fluid move, he twisted her wrist and forced her to release her weapon. El caught the pistol as it fell from her hand. With deft skill, he slid the safety into place. She yanked free of his grasp and spun out of his reach. Nae lashed the baton across his midsection. The blow glanced of his tricep as he bent at the waist and caught her across the middle.
The force from his shoulder knocked the air from her lungs and left her breathless. He heaved her up, and she cracked the metal rod across his back. El shuddered. A heavy hand fell across her butt cheek, stinging the place where his palm landed. Waves of electricity flowed through her from the spot. Cream flowed from her pussy.
His lips skimmed her side, and he inhaled. “Goddess, I wonder do you taste as sweet as you smell.”
“Put me down, this is kidnapping!”
“Suiker, you walked into my world, and under our terms you’re prey. And, frankly your scent brings out the beast in me.”
Nae bounced on his shoulder, and his clavicle dug into her belly. She raised her torso to get an idea of where he was taking her. Holding onto the only weapon she had left, she lifted her arm again.
“I have no problem smacking this ass. Tell me, suiker since we we’re never properly introduced. What’s your name?” He squeezed the butt cheek he’d already slapped, and the soles of her tennis shoes hit a hard wooden barrier.
She tried to press her thighs together, and her clit throbbed. What the hell was wrong with her? Nae coughed. “Put me down dammit!” The temperature must have dropped while she was inside. Cold air wrapped around her, raising goose-bumps on her bare arms. “What is a suitkeer?”
“You are.”
The door swung back and closed with a quiet click. Something rustled through the leaves at the tree line. They passed the row of bikes until they came to the last one, where he eased her down onto her feet. She glanced around and realized they were alone. El stuck her gun in the side of the saddlebag and crossed his arms.
Nae rubbed her stomach. “You’re not going to come quietly are you?”
He stared down at her and cocked a brow. “Depends on where we’re going.”
“You’re a wanted man.”
He caged her with his arms, resting his palms on the seat behind her. “That’s nothing new or surprising. How bad do you want me? I can smell it you know.”
“Smell what?” She discreetly turned her head toward the leather bag attached to his motorcycle. If she ducked under his arm, she might be able to grab the gun just under the flap.
El shook his head as if guessing her intention. “Why deny our baser needs … you find me attractive. I find myself craving you. We can make this happen, and then discuss whatever else it is you want from me - later.” He skimmed his nose over the hollow below her ear. “You make my mouth water.”
She levered back. “What are you? Who are they?” Nae tilted her chin toward the door.
“I can be whatever you want.” He glanced over his shoulder. “And they will do what the hell I tell them.” El dipped his head and placed his mouth on hers.
Her eyes fluttered shut. Instantly, she was in a vortex of longing and she had no clue where they came from. He nipped her full bottom lip and flicked his tongue over the sting to soothe it. Large hands weighed heavily on her hips, burrowing under the waistband of her jeans. Blunt fingertips dug into the soft skin of her ass. She needed to stop him. But, her body wasn’t listening to her mind. She hiked up her leg, wrapping it around his thigh. Juices flowed through her pussy, dampening her panties.
He traced his tongue along her throat, gently sucking her skin between his teeth in intervals. The button on her jeans popped, and the lowering of her zipper was loud to her ears. She pushed her hands between them, skating over the planes of the solid wall of his chest. His heart beat a rhythmic tattoo against her palm. El’s head dipped lower, the rasp of his tongue along the sensitive skin of her cleavage sent electricity jumping along her nerves. She swallowed caught up in the intensity of his touch.
She pushed at his chest, and he lifted his head to stare at her with vibrant moss green eyes. His voice rumbled and vibrated through his chest. “Will you deny us this pleasure?”
Nae licked her lips. “I came to haul you back to Reno, not fuck you in public.”
“I don’t care where I take you.” He ran an index finger along her chin. “But, I will have you.”
El hauled her up against him. The length of his cock protruded through the material of his pants, and all she wanted to do was dry hump his thigh. He spun them around and levered a leg over the motorcycle. Sliding an arm around her waist, he heaved her up and planted her in his lap, facing him.
“Hold on.” He leaned forward, and the cold steel beneath her ass rumbled to a start. She locked her legs behind him. He jerked her forward against his erection and sucked her earlobe between his lips. He bit down, and her nipples hardened to points, pressing into the cotton cups of her bra. A series of escalating moans harmonized with the roar of the bike as he gunned the engine.
She folded her arms around his neck, past the point of caring that he was her bounty; the man she’d hunted across eight states. Nae flexed her pelvis, sliding her cleft against his erection. Hell, she could handcuff him to the bed when they were through.
He leaned back, and she followed his movements. His motorcycle hurled them into the night like a rocket. Wind buffeted her back and blew strands of her hair around their faces. He gathered the tresses in a fist and took a tight turn throwing her forward. His laugh reverberated through her bust. From her vantage point, it appeared as if the moon was following them, until the white lines disappeared in to the darkness. She tangled her fingers into the liquid silk of his hair and gripped handfuls of locks at the roots. He growled, and she tugged again. His thighs flexed, and they moved faster through the night.
She would pay for her indiscretion, she was sure of it. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. At the moment, she really didn’t give a damn.

***

El throttled the bike and shifted gears, hugging the curves of the deserted road as they climbed to a higher elevation. He hadn’t been sure where he would take her, and then inspiration struck. Table rock was the perfect place to slake his thirst for the hot female. Then, maybe they could get to whatever issues brought her into his territory.
He was known through the shifter nations, and his disregard for human life was fairly well documented. Someone had sent this unsuspecting woman into his lion’s den. She tugged at his head, and he couldn’t call back the growl erupting through his lips. She seemed to take pleasure in his warning and yanked again. His incisors lengthened and sharp teeth filled his mouth digging into his gums. He found her lack of fear exhilarating. Hell, he’d made hard men cry as they pissed on themselves in fear.
But, he was no longer in South Africa standing with his brothers, protecting vulnerable villagers and their homes from ruthless men determined to take their land. The long lasting symbiotic relationship his pride had with the tribes slowly disappeared. Younger tribal members sold their parents parcels of land from under the older generations and started hunting his brethren for profit. After the genocide, he had no reason to trust humans. They had lost respect for his people and he saw no reason to continue to protect them. Seeing his clansmen die and the cubs lose their mothers made him seek out a better place for his tribe. He led his pride to a new country where they could live without worry. Maintaining a low key lifestyle was the goal.
He stared at the long column of his soon-to-be-lover’s throat and tapped down the hunger to claim her right then. The motorcycle wobbled from his distraction. Her arms tightened around his neck. Where the hell did that idea come from? She was there to satisfy an itch, nothing more.
Something was off, he was meticulous about who he did business with after the slaughter of his clansmen. He called in all debts owed and carefully evacuated the remaining members of his pride to Oregon. The only ones left behind were those who chose to stay, a handful at most, including his brother Ellory. His sibling had a misplaced sense of justice. Ellory wanted to seek revenge and wipe out the people who’d brought death to their race. But, not El; he’d seen the writing on the wall. With the humans outnumbering them five to one, it would’ve been a futile endeavor. He heeded Gunter’s warning and sought a way to pull his people out of harm’s way.
As chief, it was paramount to save as many pride members as he could. They’d left years ago, and he still hadn’t heard from his brother since they’d parted. Bad blood ran thick between them.
More than once, Gunter talked him out of going back and retrieving the few who’d elected to stay behind. He knew his brother wasn’t dead; he would have felt it if he’d died. But, given his responsibility to those who’d chosen to come with him, he stayed in the states.
It took them a while to adjust, but they created a community in the rain ridden state. As part of the agreement for asylum with his new country, he and his team acquired contracts for clandestine work through what was now a faction of Homeland Security. It was a win-win situation. Since he was the one who arranged the contracts, he tended to take the deadlier operations and gave the younger members of his team the easier jobs. No one knew the difference. It satisfied his taste for blood, and the money would keep his people going for years, eventually putting the cubs through school so they could easily move into legitimate businesses.
Soft lips brushed his chin. He released her hair and traced his knuckles down her spine. She arched into him. Yeah, this whole situation felt like a set-up, but what the hell did it matter when he had a hot woman in his arms who he was ready to bend over and bury his dick in. He stopped and dropped his feet. The bike shuddered when he cut it off. She glanced behind her, and then twisted her torso. He knew what she was seeing. The wide expanse of trees below them looked like a dark sea. Moon beams swept across the tops, coating them in a silvery sheen. When the wind blew, the branches rustled like cresting waves.
She swung around to face him. “That’s a beautiful view, but I was thinking more along the lines of a bed surrounded by four walls and a roof.”
“You stomp into my home without a care as to how you’re going to get me out of it. Is your sense of adventure only attached to your need to try man’s laws?”
She let go of his neck and put her arms behind her to grip his knees. “You talk funny.”
“You mean I speak properly.” He shrugged.
“No I mean you talk funny. I know what I said. Who are you?”
“Right now, I’m a man who wants a taste of your nectar.”
She cocked her head. “I want you to know nothing has changed I will haul your ass to Reno.”
“I look forward to you trying.” He cupped her face in his palms. “Until then, I want every bit of what you’ll willingly offer. I want to touch your soul and hear you scream my name.”
“That’s quite an undertaking. Are you sure you’re up to it?” She smirked.
“Baby, I will ruin you for other men.” He pulled her face forward.
Slipping his tongue past her lips, sugar and spice combined to produce a sweet heat, and it exploded across his taste buds. His digits skated down her neck and along her arms. He wrapped his fingers around her wrists; she broke the kiss and leaned back to stare at him. With a sigh, she angled her head and recaptured his mouth.
The heat of her pussy flowed through her jeans, and his shaft surged against his zipper. El took her hands and drew them down on his erection. His cock jerked. She played with the tab of his zipper and pulled it down, freeing his dick. It bobbed in the night air, and slid her palm around the base of his shaft. Pulling her head away, she looked down at the length of his member between them. He enclosed his fingers around hers and forced her to move her hand up and down. Tendrils of pleasure soared through his body, and his heart pounded in his chest. She scooted back and dipped her head.
He snatched her hair and yanked her up. “I’m in no mood for foreplay.”
She swung a leg over the mammoth cycle and stood. A quick shimmy had her rolling the unbuttoned pants and panties down her legs. He narrowed his eyes and took in the thin strip of hair covering her mons. She stepped out of the clothing and gripped the hem of her T-shirt.
“Taking too long, leave it.’ He growled, reached out to snake an arm around her waist, and drew her to him. Slipping a hand between her thighs, he grabbed her around the knee and hefted her up. El maneuvered her over his cock, setting the head at her channel opening.
Her nails cut into his back as she slowly lowered herself onto his rod. Inch by excruciatingly slow inch, her heat enveloped him. The walls of her honeypot rippled along his dick. His night vision kicked in, and everywhere he glanced took on an eerie yellow-tinged glow. The artery in her neck beat double time. He could smell her arousal and released her hips when he recognized his claws were erupting from the pads of his fingers. She’d closed her eyes and dropped her head back, exposing the soft skin of her throat. Fully seated on his cock, she didn’t move for a moment. Touched by the moons beams, her skin glowed under his gaze. She ground her pelvis down, and his eyes rolled back in his head as he sucked in great draughts of air. Metal screeched and he realized his talons had punctured the casing his seat was bolted to.
She rose up, and cold air whipped around his shaft. Just as quickly, she dropped, taking him into her body in one swoop. She formed a rhythm, and a ball of desire coalesced at the base of his spine. His nuts drew up. She bounced harder, and it was getting tough to tether his beast. His hair lengthened, falling down his back.
He hauled her off his lap, and she opened her eyes. El swung his leg over the bike and jumped up. With his pants around his hips his movements were limited. He positioned her in front of him, gripped the back of her neck, and propelled her down so she lay over the seat. Using his other hand, he shoved his jeans down his legs and stepped behind her.
Her slick heat called to him, and his sack was drawn up and rigid. Holding her in place, he rammed his cock up her channel until his balls touched the wings of her labia. She grunted. Her sugary scent wafted up and calmed his animal. His lion no longer fought him for control; instead, it paced back and forth in his mind. El reared back and thrust again. She went up on her toes as he drove as deep as could.
“Yes, yes, yes.” She whipped her head back and forth and she cried out.
She trembled as her climax gripped her. Her torso bowed, backing against his hand restraining her. Her cream flowed over his cock. He surged forward to touch her womb and roared from his own release.
Carefully, he pulled free and she slumped across the leather. “You never told me your name?”
“Nae McCain,” her answer was muffled as she spoke at the ground.
“Where are you staying Nae?” He pulled his jeans up.
She eased up and twisted around before sitting back down. “Honestly, I figured I would cuff you and we get the hell out of here. No motel necessary.”
He stared down at her. “Nae, you are infinitely entertaining.” He helped her up. “You will stay with me.”
“Uh … not happening.”
“Why not?” The idea of her refusal irked him.
“You’re a wanted criminal?”
“I guess there is that.” He snorted. “Imagine how much easier it will be to claim me if we’re under the same roof.”
“Yeah, it’s tempting.” She crossed her arms under her breasts. “Of course I could just call the police too. Explain everything to them and bam they do the work and I get the bounty.”
“You should have done your homework, suiker. This is my town, my word here is law and you have no other options.”





Chapter Three

The door to the clubhouse swung open silently. One of the ceiling fans squeaked with every rotation, stirring up the air. During the day, the place was a far cry from the rowdy bar it morphed into at night. Most of his brothers were either working or sleeping. El knew he wasn’t the first one in since he didn’t have to unlock the door.
He sauntered along the bar to the half-swing door and pushed through to get behind the counter. “Who’s here?” El called out.
“You mean the beloved son is actually here for a meeting.” Gunter’s voice drifted out from the back.
“I’m always here, work permitting.” He bent and grabbed a bottle of water from the mini-fridge. When he rose, Gunter was leaning on a wall next to the bar.
“Was she worth it?” Gunter cocked his head.
“Yeah, I can’t get away from her scent. Of course I still can’t figure out how she—her name is Nae by the way—thinks I’m an escaped felon from Reno.” El twisted the top off and took a healthy swig of the cool liquid.
“I figured, when I got a whiff of you. You know what that means? Why didn’t you ask her all the pertinent questions last night?”
“Yes, I know what it means.” El grumbled. “I was otherwise occupied…several times.” He continued, as he ambled from behind the bar and into the hall, which led to the windowless room he called his office.
Gunter followed. “You do realize something is off about the whole situation? I mean, somebody literally sent your mate, practically wrapped with a bow.”
“Yes, I do. But, half the fun will be finding out exactly what’s wrong.”
“She’s a human.”
“You’re a hyena, but I don’t hold that against you.” El stomped to his desk and dropped into the seat behind it.
“Boy I will… You don’t like humans” Gunter started, and then snapped his mouth shut.
“Well, the Goddess didn’t give me much of a fucking choice now did she?”
“Cut her loose, El; she has no clue of our world. You’re asking for trouble.” Gunter’s face was solemn, with the corners of his mouth turned down and deep furrows in his forehead.
El leaned forward. “No, how can you ask a beast to cut off the other half of his soul? My lion demands she be taken. For whatever reason, she’s here, and I have no intention of letting her go.”
“Son, you’re gonna put her in danger. We don’t have easy lives out here.”
“Easier than it was in Africa. She stays. If you don’t like it, challenge my position.” El growled.
“El, don’t make me hurt you.”
The front door in the main room banged. The boisterous voices of his sentries floated to the back area.
El cocked a brow. “Don’t stop now old man, we haven’t had a good fight in years.”
“I kicked your ass then too youngster.” Gunter turned to the side to allow some of his men through the doorway.
“Did someone say something about a fight?” Aristotle, the clan’s resident hacker, strolled past Gunter and plopped down on the short couch along the far wall.
“Someone needs to beat some sense into our Pride Chief’s hard head.” Gunter grumbled.
Ursala breezed by. “That’s a fight I would pay to see since I missed the last one.” She flipped a lone chair around, straddled it then wrinkled her nose. “El, did you pick up the wrong shower gel again? You smell sorta sweet.”
Trace was the last to enter, skulking past Gunter as he pulled the door shut. He raised a brow in El’s direction.
El ignored the comment, glaring at each member of his team, before nodding. “Last night a human walked into our territory and claimed I’m wanted in Reno. I need to find out what the hell is going on.”
“I heard about that. Shame I wasn’t here. I always miss the good shit. Someone told me Zima was spitting mad.” Ursala giggled. “I want to shake that female’s hand.”
Aristotle sighed. “I’ll get on it. What’s her full name?”
El leaned over his desk. “Nae McCain. Trace when I’m not with her. I want you to be her shadow. She was sent on a wild goose chase for a reason, and I want to know why.”
Trace gave a sharp nod and slid back into the cushions of the sofa he shared with Aristotle.
“What do you need from me, El?” Ursala tipped the chair forward. “Wait, hold up one minute. Why is this human suddenly so important to you?
El scowled her way. “She’s a possible Pride mate. Mine actually, so I expect Nae to be given the same respect you show me.” He waited for his statement to sink in before continuing. “I got nothing at the moment, La, all our operations are going smoothly, and I haven’t gotten any new contracts. It looks like you’ll get some much deserved down time.”
“Pfffssttt. I’d rather slit someone’s throat. Come on El, throw me a bone, something!” The legs of her chair hit the floor with a thud. “Oh shit! You found your mate!”
El placed his palms flat on the wood surface. “I did. Enjoy the freedom while you can La. You never know when shit is going to hit the fan, and we’ll need your aerial expertise.”
“Yeah, don’t you need to molt or something, birdy?” Aristotle teased, before adding, “That’s great El, but – umm - you hate humans.”
“Keep joking Ari. Don’t be surprised when you find shit in your hair.” Ursala interrupted.
“Correction Ari. Now I only despise some of the species.” El wiped a palm down his face.
Gunter sighed. “Goddess only knows what I was thinking when I took you beasts in.”
Trace abruptly rose and stalked to the door. With his hand on the knob, he turned back to glance at El. El leaned back in his chair and flicked his fingers. Trace opened the door and exited the room.
Ursala shuddered. “Ugh, that communication thing you two got going on is creepy.”
“La, I swear you bumped your head when you fell out of the nest. I understood Trace as clear as day. He was asking to leave.” El stared at the door Trace exited.
“He doesn’t speak! For as long as I’ve known him, which is forever, he has never said a word.” She looked toward Gunter.
Gunter shrugged. “What do you want me to say? I understood Trace completely.”
“Oh-my-freaking-Goddess!” Ursala stood and placed her fists on her hips. 
“El, please give La something to do, kill, or maim. I’m not sure our pride can handle her neurotic ass.” Aristotle clapped his palms together.
El rubbed his temple. “Sit down La. I swear you two are like five year olds. I’m like Gunter now, wondering why the hell I put up with your antics.”
Aristotle grinned wide. “That’s easy. Gunter…”
His words were cut off by a distinctly high pitched, nasal sound. “Oh good, I found you.” Zima shoved the door wider and glided into the office.
Aristotle eyes widened at the intrusion. “Shit just hit the fan!” He burst out laughing.
Gunter straightened, strode toward Aristotle, and yanked the man up. He gazed over at Ursala and cocked a brow. She swung her head between Zima and El.
Ursala pleaded. “But … but … please let me stay! I never get to witness the good stuff!”
Gunter pushed Aristotle forward. “March La. Goddess, I should’ve never prayed for patience, ‘cause every time I did I got saddled with one of you.” He shoved Aristotle and Ursala past a beaming Zima. She did a little finger wave as they left, and Gunter yanked the door shut behind him.
El watched as Zima flitted across the room, touching the framed pictures on the wall. She skimmed her hand over his club vest lying over the arm of the sofa. Zima sauntered over to El, planted a thin hip on the edge of his desk, and bent forward so her cleavage filled the deep v of her blouse. Ignoring her, he steepled his fingers and waited for her to speak. After a few minutes, she turned away with a huff, flounced across the room, and plopped down on the couch. El pressed his lips together and stared.
Zima pouted. “Well say something, baby.”
“Who the fuck are you to interrupt my meeting?” She jerked at his guttural demand.
“Sweetheart, I had to see you. After last night, I wanted to make sure everything was okay.” Her voice wobbled with uncertainty.
The growl started low in his throat. El leaned forward in his seat. “At what point in our hook-ups did I ever give you the impression I was your baby? Nor am I your mate. I’m not sure what world you live in, but you got it twisted. Not once did I indicate we were a couple. And, we never will be.”
Zima’s eyes shimmered with unshed tears as she stared over at him. “We were so good together. Why would you want to throw that away?”
“You were a temporary distraction. You are not my woman. Your council is unwarranted and unwanted. Stick to what you know. You’re the pride’s accountant. I allow you to handle our finances, and to date you have done an excellent job, don’t fuck up now.”
“This about that human.” Disgust dripped from her words. “I can smell her on you.”
El was out of seat and across the room in seconds. He gripped Zima by the throat and heaved her off the sofa. His teeth grew, making it hard to speak. “Actually, it’s about you overstepping your bounds. What I do in my personal life is none of your damn business. You’d best remember that. Furthermore, you will respect Nae, because if I get an inkling you’re not, I will skin your ass alive. Tell me now if that’s not something you can handle. If not, I’ll have you escorted to the town’s boundaries and wish you a safe trip.”
Zima clawed at his hand, her nails digging into his skin as she fought to breathe. Her lips took on a slight blue tint.
He released her and stepped back to lean on his desk. “You’re actually lucky you caught me in a good mood.
She crumpled into the cushions and rubbed her throat. “You’ll regret dismissing me.”
El’s claws erupted from the pads of his fingertips and dug into the surface of his desk. His voice dropped to a harsh rumble. “Is that a threat Zima? Because I could end your life. Right. Fucking. Now. Take my advice, close you damn mouth before you say something we will both regret, and walk out the door before you lose what little respect I have left for you.”
Zima rose and smoothed out the invisible wrinkles in her mini skirt. With a flip of her hair, she strolled to the door.
“One thing, Zima. Why did you attack Nae anyway? You didn’t know what her intentions were.”
She pulled the door open and crossed the threshold before turning to face El. “You’re the damn genius, lover. Figure it out.” Zima slammed the door behind her. The walls surrounding the barrier shuddered, and a few pictures slid down the walls, crashing to the floor.
El pulled the cell from his pocket and stabbed the screen. The line picked up on the third ring. “Gunter, tell me again, who did you send to find me last night?” he waited or an answer and grunted in response. “Send La to my office. I think I have a job for her after all.”

***

Nae cuddled up with a pillow. The soothing smell of lavender had her pressing her face into the downy softness. She lifted her head and glanced around. The bed clothes didn’t smell like her covers, and the sparse room lacked color. It was a far cry from the vibrant and cluttered bedroom in her home. Her current surroundings consisted of black, white, or gray; white walls, black furniture, and grey sheets. Her night spent with the bail jumper crashed through her mind in vivid detail. The things he could do with his tongue were probably illegal in several states.
Images of what they did rolled through her mind like a movie, and she flipped over on her back. Starting at her breasts, she skimmed a palm down her body beneath the bed linen. Slowly, she opened her legs and eased a hand between her thighs. Using her other hand, she caught a taut nipple between her thumb and index finger and pinched. Her clit pulsed, and she dipped her digits between the moist lips of her labia. She thrust a finger into her passage. Bliss rushed through her as she closed her eyes. She flexed her pelvis and angled her wrist to press down on her clitoris with the heel of her hand.
Low wails bounced off the walls, and she snapped her eyes open, checking to see if someone had snuck into the room with her. Nae giggled when she realized the cries were coming from her. Her lids drifted shut. She moved another digit in her passage and bent her legs, keeping her feet flat on the bed. Driving her hips up with every lunge of her hand, she tugged on her turgid tips of her heavy orbs. She pressed down on the small bundle of nerves, and starbursts of gold and silver flashed before her eyes. Her orgasm ebbed through her in waves, leaving her limbs uncoordinated. A Hallelujah chorus rang in her ears.
She pulled her elbows beneath her and waited. The choir started singing again, and she searched for her clothes. It wasn’t a figment of her imagination, only her cousin, Shay, calling since she hadn’t checked in. She spotted her jeans thrown over a chair.
Nae swung her legs over the mattress and stood, her limbs trembled as delicious soreness made her thigh muscles ache. She padded over to the furniture and picked up her pants to dig through the pockets. Contents fell to the carpet when she grabbed the wrong end of the jeans first. She bent over to swipe the cell up, leaving the folded papers and sat down on the edge of a chair. After sliding her finger over the phone’s screen she tapped Shay’s number. Engrossed in her surroundings, she never heard the line connect.
“Where the hell are you?” Shay’s voice held a twinge of anxiety.
Nae took in more of the space. The room resembled one of those pictures of a spa she saw in a magazine. “A hotel room.”
“You’re a bad liar.”
“You called all the motels in the area didn’t you?”
“I did. Now where the fuck are you, or do I need to catch a flight up there?”
Nae sighed. “Now, no need to get your panties in a twist. I’ve found El, and it’s just a matter of time before I have the opportunity to take him down.”
“Who the hell is El? For the love of heaven what have you gotten yourself into? You should be heading back by now!” Shay’s voice escalated with every word.
“You know what Shay, you stress way too much. I got this.” Nae hopped on one foot as she pulled her jeans on. “Let me get situated, and I’ll call you back.”
“What the fuck does that mean?” Shay screeched.
Nae ended the call and took a deep breath. She needed to find the bathroom, finish getting dressed, and track down her warrant. Just what the hell had she been thinking? Granted, El was sexy in a bad ass kinda way. She scrubbed her hands up and down her face. This hunt just went from bad to worse. She snatched the rest of her clothing and marched to the only door in the room, forgetting about the items she’d left scattered across the floor.





Chapter Four

Ellory crouched low dropping his head between his paws and watched the bar his brother used as the pride’s headquarters. As the oldest, he should have been in the position of Chieftain. Instead, his brother had stolen the clan from him, and for that, he would pay. The plan he’d kicked off in Reno was coming to fruition. He yawned. Finding a bike that almost matched El’s had been the biggest pain in the ass, and he’d been forced to travel through a few states to find one which was even close. But, he’d done it. What he hadn’t expected was for his little brother to go and sleep with the bounty hunter. And, he wasn’t sure if that would count in his favor. If the hottie in the gun holster chose to believe Eldridge and helped him, she could unravel everything he’d so carefully put into place.
Once he got El away from the pride, killing him would be a piece of cake. He’d have to make sure to leave the body some place conspicuous so it would be found quickly. Miraculously, he would show up after the funeral, prepared to take the place of his brother as head of the pride. Ellory rose and padded across the soft moss forest floor to climb up an outcropping of boulders. He still had to be careful not to be seen, and that bitch of a bird might be gliding in the skies above him.
His brother had loyal supporters, that much was evident by the way the pride chose to follow El to another country, instead of staying in Africa with him. They could have hidden, stayed in their lion forms, anything. No, the majority of his people decided to abandon him, leaving behind the few loyalists who’d stuck with him. El broke the tribe in two, forcing them to choose one brother over another, and that alone was unforgivable. Part of the faction was still in Africa, with the exception of a few shifters who’d come with him to infiltrate El’s pride. The rest were waiting for word to come over. Ellory eased back on a warm flat rock, resting in the shadows of a large overhang. He flicked his tale, sending the gnats scattering, while keeping a distant view of the biker club. A quick death was too kind for El. No, he needed to come up with a way to make him suffer first.
He stared at the building but saw his past. The dry heat of the day had given way to the cold temperature of night. Gunter, the man who’d taken him and Eldridge in after the death of their mother and the ousting of their father, had called a meeting on his younger brother’s behalf. The time had come to choose a chief since the old renegade lion had finally died. As the oldest, he knew it was a given he would be chosen. When he wasn’t, he’d have sworn his heart had stopped beating for the briefest of moments. Then, it thumped so hard in his chest he was sure everyone surrounding him could hear it.
It shouldn’t have come as a surprise that Gunter and the others would side with El. After all, he was the old man’s favored son. They lacked vision and didn’t understand where he wanted to take the clan. Of course, the pride feared what they didn’t understand. It was also piss poor planning on his part. He would never make that mistake again. Ellory searched the skies. That Eagle wasn’t something he’d expected when he started scouting El’s Pride. She was a new addition he would have to counter act. The bird gazed at his brother as if El was the second coming. No doubt he probably found her and took her in. His brother had a knack for finding orphans.
Ellory grunted and sent a squirrel below him scurrying for cover. He could bring in someone from Africa to keep her occupied. Gunter would have to die once he had control of the pride. It was that damn hyena’s fault he and his brother were at odds in the first place. Soon, he would have everything that should have been his birthright. He just needed to bide his time. He chuffed and rose, inching farther under the large stones as a drizzle started. This was a Goddess awful place to live. On second thought, perhaps once all his plans were cemented, he’d pack the whole pride up and take them back to Africa. He missed the lands, the people.
The paw of a big cat appeared in front of him. Ellory waited for his inside man to make the climb.
Reese moved effortlessly over the stones, sat down, and shifted. “Ellory.”
Ellory changed to his human form. “It took you long enough to get here.”
“I wanted to make sure I wasn’t followed. El had an unexpected visitor, and the team dispersed early. I stayed hidden until I was sure everyone left.”
“Report.”
“Ol loverboy thinks that bounty hunter is his mate, and his ex is none too happy about that. El threatened to kill her…”
Ellory interrupted Reese. “He threatened to murder a lioness? There are so few left, and my idiot brother would hurt one of his own … for a human?” He shook his head.
“Like I was saying. She left in a fit of anger. He also sent his team to find out what the hell is going on regarding why he’s wanted in Reno.”
“Of course he would. That’s the first thing I would do. Is there any chance of you getting into his inner circle?” Ellory pushed the strands of hair off his face.
“I was talking to Gunter last night. El won’t even look at new member of the pride without getting Gunter’s input. I thought I had that old man convinced, and then the sweet assed hunter showed up.”
“If they won’t pick you as a sentry, see about getting a job in the bar. I also want you to ask if you can bring your cousin over from Africa. That bird has me worried. She wasn’t part the original group, so she’s my unknown factor. I’m bringing my son over, maybe he can keep her distracted.”
“That bounty chick is who you should worry about if you ask me. I whispered a little something into Zima’s ear last night to cause a little havoc, and the human held her own against a shifter. The sooner you cut her and El away from the pride, the easier it will be to take control.” Reese stood up and started to pace. “We have to move faster Ellory. Those beasts make me nervous.”
“Sit down, already. Now is not the time to lose your nerve. You’re a lion for Goddess’ sake, act like one. I have everything under control. You just keep your ears open, and be prepared to fuck shit up if necessary.” Ellory returned to his lion form and bounded off the rocks. Damn, it felt like all the good warriors went with El.

***

Nae placed her hands on her hips and stared out at the yard. There were no other homes near that she could see. She turned and studied the house she’d exited. From the outside, it appeared to be built into the side of the mountain. She knew that wasn’t the case since she’d stepped out the backdoor. There was a thin strip of grass between the large boulders and the exit. She’d followed that narrow piece of land around to the front of the building. It wasn’t what she expected a biker to live in. The structure was all clean lines with an almost art deco feel. Wild flowers, the shades of bright yellow and orange, filled the two small beds which flanked the walkway. Where the hell was the rustic cabin in the woods she thought she’d find?
She rubbed her temple. The migraine, which started above her eye, now spread through her head faster than a forest fire during dry season. El was a contradiction. He looked and acted all bad ass biker, but there was a high end SUV in his driveway. What the hell? If he could afford that, there was no reason to rob a bank. She pushed wisps of hair from her forehead. Maybe that was the problem. El was living so large he could no longer afford it. She needed to get back to her own vehicle; then, of course, she had to find and take down her bounty.
Shay was probably scrolling through flights now, and the last thing she needed was her cousin showing up, guns blazing, and screwing everything up. She strolled up to the truck, circled it, and tried the lever. The door didn’t give. He lived out in the middle of nowhere, yet he locked his vehicle. Nae debated about going back into the house and finding something to break the window. She rubbed her bottom lip with her index finger. All she had to do was hotwire his SUV. Too bad she hadn’t learned how to do that. Of course she could probably find a how to video on the net if she did a search. Urgh - she covered her face with her hands; some kind of bounty hunter she turned out to be. Amos trusted her with her first big bounty, and she was fucking up left and right.
Tears hovered in her lashes.
Out in the middle of nowhere, with no real clue where she was, she’d slept with her bounty, and he had her weapon. Hell, he was probably halfway to Mexico by now. She swung around and leaned on the fender and was surprised to find a man and woman staring at her. The man’s black hair had streaks of dark orange. Sunglasses hid his eyes, but his lips were pressed tightly together, and a muscle ticked in his jaw. He wore a similar vest to El’s, minus a few patches, over a T-shirt. Jeans and boots finished the attire. Nae figured it was some sort of biker uniform and glanced over at the woman. She was petite with sharp features, high cheekbones, and a pointed chin. Sable hair, with a large patch of white at one temple, flowed down her back, and her skin was the color of cinnamon. Since she too wore sunglasses, Nae couldn’t see her eyes, but when the woman smiled it was open and friendly.
She thrust out a hand. “Hi, El sent us. My scowling brother here is Trace. El thought you might need a lift to the bar. I’m Ursala, but my friends call me La.”
Nae took her hand, surprised by how fragile her fingers felt. “I would rather go to my truck if you don’t mind. I need a few things.”
Trace gave a quick shake of his head.
“Sorry, we were given explicit instructions to bring you back to the bar.” La shrugged.
“And if I won’t go?” Nae eased toward the grill of the truck.
La sighed before adding. “I think that’s why he sent Trace. My silent brother is the muscle. El said you might be a little stubborn.”
“Really?” Nae put a little more space between them. “How about you call your boss and tell him to go fu…”
“Ewww. Way too much info, there,” La interrupted. “Look, why don’t you make it easy, and come with us. Then, you can tell him how you feel personally.”
“To hell with that.” Nae took off running toward the back of the house. That criminal had to have some sort of weapon in his home.
All she heard was her two ‘would be caretakers’ arguing as she bounded around the corner. 
“Well, don’t look at me. I didn’t expect her to run.” La’s irritated tone floated around to Nae as she ran up the steps to the sliding glass doors.
Silence.
“You catch her. If she has a scrape anywhere on that body, El will gut us, and personally, I like having my intestines.” La continued speaking.
Nae’s fingers slipped on the white coated indentation in the handle, and her nails scraped the metal. She should’ve taken the bastard in last night, instead of letting her hormones override her common sense. The glass slid on its track, and she slipped through the slim opening. She slammed the patio door and pressed her finger against the switch, which locked it. She spun on her heel and hurried to the kitchen.
A knock on the glass had her glancing up into the annoyed face of La. She yelled to make herself heard. “Seriously. We won’t hurt you. We can’t, our boss would like literally kill us, and frankly, you just ain’t worth dying for.”
“Uh-huh like I’m going to take the word of a bunch of bikers, who I’m sure are running some sort of criminal enterprise.” Nae shouted back.
La wiped a hand down the side of her face. “How long have you been a bounty hunter again?”
“How about this; tell El, if he wants me to come out of this house, then he needs to be the one to come in and get me!”
“Now you’re just trying to get us all in trouble. El will be pissed, and someone will have to pay for his anger. Can’t you act like a nice little human, and just come along quietly?”
“We can sit here all day, La. If El wants me, he’ll have to come and get me.” Nae sat down on a stool at the breakfast counter.
La placed her fists on her hips. “Urggg. Fine, but you can’t say I didn’t warn you. El will not be happy!”
Nae circled her index finger in front of her. “Whoopty-fucking-do. Tell your boss to get his ass over here.” She resisted the urge to smile. Getting her hands on her bounty might just work out after all.





Chapter Five

El pulled into his driveway and took in the scene before him. Trace’s jeep was parked behind his truck in the car port. La sat on the front deck stairs with her face in her hands, and there was no sign of Trace. El tapped down his annoyance, he’d been on a conference call with his government contacts when La’s distress call came in. He climbed of the bike and stalked toward the front of the house. His boot crushed the leaves underfoot as he moved , and La glanced up to meet his gaze.
“Before you say anything. I tried, but she’s not budging, and I could break in, but I didn’t want you to kill me for scaring her.” La made the statement in one breathe.
He stomped up the stairs and rubbed his palm over her hair as he passed her. “Forget about it La. I need you to go find Reese now. I’ll take care of Nae. Where is Trace?”
La lifted her face to look at El. “Hell if I know. He doesn’t tell me a damn thing.”
“Maybe he would, if you listened. When you find Reese, follow him for a bit before you bring him to me. I want to know what he’s doing when he thinks no one is watching.”
“Okay. What about Trace? The jeep?”
“Leave ‘em. Trace will turn up.”
“Yes sir.” La stood and gave a mock salute. She ambled toward the tree line, stripping off clothes as she strode. Minutes later, a large Bald Eagle burst through the branches and into the skyline extending its eight foot wing span to glide on the currents.
When Aristotle found La, she was a baby bird hiding in the hollow at the base of a tree. They had just emigrated from Africa, and Ari was just a cub himself. As Gunter discussed business plans with him, the only building standing was the bar, and it was in ruins from years of neglect. All around them, pride members were working. They were living in tents and trying to rebuild a forgotten and abandoned town in the middle of nowhere. He’d only been clan chief for about a year, and he was still a young lion himself. Ari came running up to him, begging to keep his new pet. Since he’d made it a point to keep all the orphan cubs together, keeping a baby bird seemed like a great distraction for them, and later on, it made a great way to teach them hunting skills. Then, she shifted.
El snorted.
That was unexpected. But he wouldn’t change a thing. He watched those kids grow up into fantastic beings, and even though he threatened them with dire consequences on an almost daily basis, they were his family. And, if necessary, he would kill to protect them. 
He pushed the key in the lock and turned it. The door easily swung open. El eased into the great room and glanced around. He lifted his face and sniffed the air. Tendrils of her candied ginger smell wrapped around him. His cock hardened as he took deep breaths. After adjusting his shaft, he moved through the room and into the dining area. Nae sat with her back to him. The knife block, which usually sat next to the stove, was now on the counter, close to her. He moved around to her side and caught a glint of steel when she tightened her grip on the handle. 
Without turning her head, she spoke. “Why is there a full grown tiger at your back door?”
El looked up and followed her line of sight. Trace, in his tiger form, lay against the patio door, his face smashed on the glass with his tongue lolling out the side of his mouth. El stepped farther into the room. Trace rose, yawned, and trotted away.
Nae continued to study the exit. “One more step big man and I will cut you.”
“Woman, haven’t you figured out your threats don’t scare me?” El moved around the island.
“They should. So what, are you ready to come back to Reno?”
“I believe we had this discussion, and I’m sure I made myself clear. Nevada is not going to happen, but I will certainly enjoy your efforts to persuade me.”
“Sorry babe but that was a one off.” She swiveled around on the stool. “You didn’t answer my question. I’m waiting for you to explain the tiger.”
“Suiker, if anyone else talked to me the way you do I would have ripped out their heart.”
“Forgive me if I’m not shaking in my shoes.” She stood, marched up to El, and pressed the point of the chef’s knife into his belly.
“I thought we established yesterday I have no fear of death. You will learn not to test me mate.” He moved forward. The sting of the knife was momentary as it sliced through his skin. Warmth spread through his torso as blood blossomed in the spot where she’d pierced his skin.
She looked down and jumped back, pulling the knife from his body. “Have you lost your fucking mind?” Then, she mumbled almost to herself, “Of course not. How should I expect a man with a pet tiger to behave?” Her head snapped up. “Uhh–what the hell did you mean by mate? Oh my freaking God. You run a cult don’t you? That’s what this is. Some sort of freaky religious group!” Nae shook her head. “How could I have been so stupid? Look buddy, the sex was good. I mean really, really good but … um … not that great.”
He cocked a brow.
“What I mean to say, is it was awesome, but not so much…” She flailed her hands and the knife carved the air. “This is coming out wrong. Listen, why don’t you just come back to Reno. We’ll straighten out this mess you’ve gotten yourself into, and then you can return to your followers.” Her head bobbed as she spoke. “And—umm—just so you know, I’m a free agent. I belong to no one.”
El pressed his lips together to keep from chuckling. “That’s where you’re wrong suiker. You belong to me.” He closed the gap between them.
She slid out of his reach and held the knife up. “I already cut you once. I really don’t want to hurt you.”
“Seems we are at an impasse.” Tired of talking, he faked forward, and then twisted around, going in the other direction. 
An eep escaped through her lips before she took off, running in the other direction.
His beast snapped at its chains. The urge to chase down his prey overwhelmed his human side, and his hair grew longer, becoming the mane of his beast. Razor sharp teeth filled his mouth, and his paws formed where his fingers had been. His jeans split at the seam, the buttons on his fly flew off one at time pinging around the room, and his claws burst through the toes of his shoes. He tore off his vest, but struggled to get the shirt over his head, and the collar rolled into a thin band and started to choke him. The lion in him was winning. He dropped to his knees, fighting an internal battle to stay in his human form. His vision switched from full color to the muted version of his beast. He thrashed his head, opened his mouth, and roared.
The glass insets of the cabinets shuddered in their moldings. His bones broke and realigned, and then broke again as he gained control. He banged the floor with his hands as fingers appeared, only to turn back into the nubby digits of his paws. Short gold fur erupted along his arms. He rose up on his haunches and clawed at the tightening cotton around his neck.
Suddenly, soft palms skimmed over his skin, and the touch of cold steel stilled him. The sweet smell of sugar with a touch of spice calmed his beast, and he tightened its tethers, wrenching the animal back into the recess of his soul. It became easier to take a breath, and the tattered fabric tumbled down his chest. Rubbing his neck, he stood and turned to face Nae. 
She held the knife in a loose grip, her eyes were wide, and her thin brows were drawn together. “What the hell are you?” Her voice was filled with awe.
He swallowed several times to sooth the rawness of his throat. He kept his tone a gentle rasp. “Don’t ever run from me again. The lion in me thinks you want to play, and I will chase you down.”
“Um—you’re a guy.” Nae’s voice rose. “Sweet heavens, what have I gotten myself into?” She dropped the knife and started to back away.
El prowled forward. “I would never hurt you–well–only if you want to play–but that’s different. I mean, you’re the woman destined for me, I wouldn’t … couldn’t … do anything that would put you in harm’s way.”
“I’m no creature.” Her voice continued to escalate.
He sighed. “You don’t have to be. Believe me, I am more than enough beast for the both of us. You’re my mate. You calm down my animal. You excite me. No other woman has ever done that for me, not even my own kind.
She scrubbed her face with her palms. “This is too much. I was only supposed to haul your ass back to Reno. I did not sign up for this.” She circled her hands. “Whatever this is…”
“I think you’re in shock, you’re not behaving normally.” He held out his hand. “Take a ride with me, and I’ll explain everything.”
“Exactly how is one supposed to respond when they find out the man…”
“Mate…”
“Whatever–person they slept with is a lion. That was what you were turning into right? I mean, is there even a term for your condition?” She covered her mouth with her hand. “Damn, is this a new form of bestiality? I am not a freak. Is it communicable? Now that we’ve had sex will I turn into an animal?”
“Calm down.”
“Said no one ever; when they found out their lover was a beast.”
“Woman.”
“I have a na…”
El snaked an arm around her waist and jerked her up against him. “Believe me, I know. I just spent most of the afternoon gleaning any and all information from anyone who would share anything pertaining to you. Personally, I don’t think that little stunt you pulled in high school should have gotten you expelled.”
She narrowed her eyes. “How do you know about that?”
He nuzzled her neck and traced the shell of her ear with is tongue. “Want to know why you don’t fear me?”
Nae reared back confusion swirled in her sinful eyes when she met his gaze. “I have never been scared of you, not even when you did that spooky shit in the kitchen.”
He smiled. “Because deep down you know as well as I do that you’re the other half of my soul.”
“Dude, you are cracked in the head.”
“Babe, whatever I am, all that I am, is yours.” He gripped her hair and pulled her head back.

***

Nae swallowed, she could still see the lion in his eyes. The animal watched her with carnal curiosity. She knew what he said was true. Had she really wanted to leave? She would have found a way and been gone long before his people showed up. She couldn’t even run when he did the changing thing in front of her. When she saw him struggling, her first instinct was to help.
She slid her palms up the planes of his chest. What did Shay like to quote? In for a penny, in for a pound. She sighed. Shay was going to kill her. Cupping his jaw, she slid a hand around his head and threaded her fingers through his hair.
She pulled his head down to hers and reached up to press her lips to his. He traced his fingers over her shoulders and skimmed his knuckles down her side. El cupped her butt cheeks hefting her up. She wrapped her legs around his thighs and brushed her mouth against the scruff on his chin. She hit the back wall with a thump, and he pinned her with his body. He pushed his hands under her shirt and burrowed under her bra to grope her breasts. Her nipples tautened under his caress. El fitted his dick at the zenith of her thighs.
The idea that she was probably building off her first colossal mistake flitted through her mind. However, when she was in El’s presence, she simply couldn’t find a reason to care. She focused on him and the things he was doing to her body.
Nae trailed her digits down his back and shoved them into his waistband. His tattered jeans fell away and she dug her nails into his bare ass. He growled low in his throat. The sound reverberated through her as she pressed her tongue in his mouth. 
“Goddess, but I got enough of seeing your bare ass when you were a cub. I see you’re all right.” It was the voice from the older man she’d met last night.
El angled his head and broke the kiss. He looked over his shoulder. His tone was gruff. “Gunter, I don’t know what you’re doing here, but you need to leave.”
“I have intel, and we need to talk.”
She raised her head and stared over El’s shoulder, watching the older man turn and stroll down the hall.
El groaned. He pulled his hands from under her shirt and moved back.
She slid her legs down to stand. “Be honest with me El, what exactly is happening here?
He trailed his fingers down her cheek. “I am Chieftain of the Toevlucht Pride. We emigrated from Africa over eighteen years ago. I’ve claimed you as my mate, which now makes you the highest ranking female in the pride. Everything else is a formality that I’ll explain later. Right now, I have duties I must attend too.” His smirk was wicked. “But since my woman stripped me first, I have to get dressed. Later I’ll take you to get your SUV.”
“But—”
He pressed a finger to her lips. “We’ll figure it out. You have my word.”
Nae pushed his hand away, “I’m being punked! That’s it right.”
He shook his head, and his hair brushed his shoulders. “Goddess, but I hope our cubs have your sense of humor.” El bent and pulled his pants up before reaching out and placed his finger under her chin to close her mouth.





Chapter Six

Ellory pushed the door completely open and climbed out of the old car. He was accustomed to finer establishments, but his clan was broke, so even he had to make sacrifices. It was a means to an end, much like staying in the decrepit room which wasn’t fit for the family of cockroaches that resided there. He stuffed the fifth of whiskey in his back pocket and stalked to his motel room. He glanced around at the discolored paint and cracked glass in his window. The air conditioner kicked on, and the pane rattled above it. He dug out the key attached to the large triangle of plastic with the number nine on it and stuck it in the keyhole.
That was something else he held against El. His brother was sitting on money, and lots of it, if he wasn’t mistaken. While the other half of his people were barely getting by, so many injustices. Eldridge had the pride fooled. He sat on his ass and made all the members work and pay into the tribe coffers. Hell, he wasn’t even an effective warrior. His only claim to work and leadership was arranging lucrative contracts every couple of months. He should know. He’d had people watching and reporting Eldridge’s movements for about a year. The man would leave for a few weeks and then reappear as if he’d never been gone.
Ellory stepped into the room and glanced around looking for anything amiss.
The lamp attached to the wall, between the full size beds, gave off a dull amber glow. Outdated bedspreads in washed out colors covered the mattresses. Bold striped wall paper, which was slowly peeling down from the ceiling, gave the place a circa seventies feel. Nothing appeared out of place. Ever since his arrival a few weeks ago, he’d only allowed the maid in when he was there. He stomped over to the desk and slid the half empty bottle into a drawer along with his car keys. He tapped on the button which would make the TV come on as he passed it on the way to the bathroom; the evening news filled the room.
He’d scouted the area and knew there was only one payphone in the three mile radius. It was located next to a dilapidated old corner store which had seen better days. The place was boarded up, but surprisingly, the phone still worked. Ellory washed his hands and grabbed a hand towel off the hook. He threw the terry cloth on the vanity and grabbed his room key. There was a diner on the route to the phone. He could stop there and get a nice rare steak. Something he could tear into. All he’d had for the last couple of days was the occasional rabbit. Those damn things didn’t have any real meat on them. He didn’t dare take down anything larger. El’s patrols would have spotted larger kills, and more than once he was sure he spotted the eagle gliding in the sky.
Not much longer, having his son come over as backup would be icing on the cake. Kaseo would be his enforcer in case one of El’s orphans decided to try and take his place. He could also romance the bird and keep her off her guard until all the plans were in effect. Kaseo could slip right into the Pride and be his eyes and ears; he was no longer sure he could trust Reese. Ellory skulked down the busted and weed ridden sidewalk.
Perhaps it would be better if he brought all his people over at once and completely infiltrated the Toevlucht Pride. His original idea was to bring his clan over in small groups until no one remained in Africa. The few shifters he’d brought with him had already established themselves in different facets of El’s pride. They funneled important information which had helped him form educated decisions. El wasn’t the only one who could formulate and execute a plan. At the moment, Reese was his only loose end. He probably should have put down the bastard weeks ago.
El’s pride consisted of youngsters playing full grown lions and lionesses. While his part of the Pride were older, more battle worn. With everyone in position, they could easily overtake the tribe after he killed El. Ellory sighed. Too bad his brother needed to die sooner rather than later. It would have been fun to make him suffer. No, tempting as it was to punish El, he would stick to the original strategy and switch it around as necessity dictated.
“Give me your money.” The voice came from the shadows between the buildings.
Ellory stopped. He’d been so caught up in his strategies . He never picked up on his surroundings. Ellory raised his head and sniffed the air; human. He wrinkled his nose when the odor of sickness reached him. “No,” he started to stroll away.
The man moved from the darkness and aimed a small revolver at him. “I said, I want all your money.” He cocked the gun. “Doesn’t matter how I get it, as long as I do.”
Ellory noticed the slight shake in his hand and the way his eye twitched. “I don’t think so. Run away sickly human. There are much bigger things than you that go bump in the night.”
The fella’s hand jerked, and he stretched his arm. “Have it your way.”
Before he could pull the trigger, Ellory partially shifted and leapt at the guy. Using his body to push the assailants arm away he attacked, burying his claws in the fella’s chest as he took him down. They crashed on the cement walkway, and a loud pop rent the air. Ellory raised his paw and swiped at the man’s throat aiming for his artery. Blood sprayed across the walls and his chest. A final grunt and the-would-be thief went still. Ellory pushed up off the dead man, stood, and waited a moment before toeing him with his boot. When the guy didn’t move, he shrugged and turned to hike back to the motel. The phone call could wait, but the kill had given him a serious taste for steak, a nice bloody one. He needed a shower and a change of clothes, and then he would go to that diner. This time he would drive.

***

El leaned back on the couch and studied the pictures Gunter was showing him. They were of the hidden remains of several rabbits surrounded by large paw prints. He’d run those forests for miles, he knew the animals and humans who hunted there. The deep indentations in the dirt didn’t match any paws he’d seen in the past.
“So, we have a nomad lion stalking our pride.” He glanced at Gunter for confirmation. Beyond them, he could hear Nae in the other room arguing with someone.
He’d never thought to ask if she was single. Her scent hit him, and he hadn’t really cared. But, if she had a man in her life, he should probably warn her that if the bastard came around, he would make the fucker disappear. El turned his head toward the room.
“Get you head around tribe business.” Gunter growled.
“It is. I’ll take care of it tomorrow and hunt the asshole myself.” El answered absently.
“You shouldn’t go alone. Take Trace with you.”
El snapped his head forward. “At what point did you decide I’m a weak leader, hyena?”
“Son, this mating shit is screwing with your head. You go and battle a young lion intent on taking the pride from you, and if you’re not focused, it could end badly.”
“Pride law demands that any lion who defeats me inherits everything as my replacement, including my woman. No way in hell that’s going to happen.” El leaned forward, placed his elbows on his knees, and dangled his hands between them.
“I do believe you expressed those same words when your brother issued the challenge after you’d been chosen as chief.” Gunter leaned back and pulled out a cherry root, thin cigar. “When we left, Ellory was still alive.”
“Barely. And, I don’t consider that losing. He was my brother; you raised us together. I couldn’t kill him in cold blood.”
“That was your first mistake, cause if he had the chance … you wouldn’t be sitting here wondering how you were going to get rid of me, so you could get your dick wet.” Gunter chuckled.
“That’s not something we have to worry about, is it, since he’s in Africa? Before the challenge, I asked him to come with us. Hell, I’ll admit I begged him to keep our pride together.”
“Mistake number two.” Gunter held his fingers up. “No Alpha begs. Ellory had no respect for you, but he was also bat-shit crazy. I backed you because you are level-headed and damn near a genius. I knew you would lead us into a prosperous future, but you don’t have killer instincts. You brought this tribe far within a few years, and you have the respect of your people. But, allow me to ask you this. What if this unknown lion is Ellory, come back from his near death experience? Then, what?” Gunter cocked a thick brow. “If it comes down to you or him, he will kill you.”
“You have so little faith in me?” He pursed his lips before exhaling. “No matter who it is trespassing in our territory, before they die, they will know I am the devil and this is hell.” El stood up and moved to the window. He knew Trace was out there, and the tiger would keep Nae safe. He could go hunting tonight. He turned around and faced Gunter. “Has La found Reese yet?”
“No, but Sitka, the lioness he rents his room from, said he sometimes goes missing for a few days. Says she thinks he goes hunting.”
El tilted his head. “Is it possible those are his paws?”
“Maybe, but he’s not around to ask, so I’d rather err on the side of caution.” Gunter stuck the cigar in his mouth.
“You’ve taught me well Gunter. I won’t make the mistakes of my youth.” El smirked. “Trust me.”
“Don’t smile like you have a secret and nobody else knows it. It’s not like home where you had to fight just to make it through the day. Out here, we’re isolated. There are no other clans to test your wits against.”
“That’s where you’re wrong, my intelligence is tested on a regular basis. I leave you here to run the pride in my absence, but you don’t know where I go.”
Gunter snorted. “Sure I do. You arrange the dealings with our connections; make sure we get paid for our work, assign the sentries to skill specific deals, a suit job. Like I said, when the Goddess was giving out gifts, she neglected to give Ellory empathy or common sense, while you were wired with intellect and the skill to talk anyone into just about anything.
El nodded. “Yeah. You think that’s all she gave me? Listen, is there any way we can continue this tomorrow? As you so eloquently put it, I’d really like to make love to my woman. Have Ari bring her truck here too if you don’t mind.” He spun and crossed his arms.
Gunter rose. “Well, considering I’ve known you most of your life, I would have noticed anything different, and do I look like your damn secretary?” He ambled toward the door.
Nae strolled out with her phone in her hand and stopped. The faint smile on her face was tentative. “Oh, you’re leaving.”
“Not by choice. Seems your man has plans that don’t include me.” Gunter nodded.
“I hope they include food. I’m starving.” She twisted her torso between the men.
El cleared his throat. “I’m sure we can come up with something.”
“That’s my cue. Tomorrow, El. We need to handle our issues before your meeting with our contacts. I don’t want any surprises popping up while you’re gone.” Gunter wrapped his palm around the knob.
“There will be no loose ends when I leave. I’ll bring Nae with me. She needs to understand pride business and how we handle it.”
“She does!” Gunter bellowed.
“I do!” Nae squeaked at the same time. “Listen this is turning into some huge affair I didn’t sign up for.” She started to back up. “It dawned on me I’m in way over my head. I’m gonna go back home and tell Amos I couldn’t locate you. Shay is booking my flights now for the morning. I can stay at a hotel if need be.”
“Who the hell are Amos and Shay?” El growled.
“I really hate matings.” Gunter yanked the door open and slipped out into the evening.
Nae’s stared at the spot Gunter left.
El prowled her way. “We have quite a bit to talk about, Nae.” He watched her gaze dart between him and the various exits in the room.
“This has been fun and all, but I must have gotten conked on the head in the bar. This is all just a bad dream. There no such thing as were-people. I mean, I’m willing to play along if it means I’ll wake up, but nothing seems to be working, so I’m just going to go hide in the bedroom and wait until the doctor can revive me.”
He bounded over the couch which stood between them and grabbed her wrist as she turned to run. Pulling her with him, he fell backwards and tugged Nae along. The cushions whooshed as he dropped into them, and she toppled over onto his body with a thump. He locked an arm around her waist and opened his legs for her to fall between them.
El arched his pelvis to rub his erection against the inside of her thigh. “Does this feel like a nightmare to you?” He pushed the hair from her ponytail up and over her shoulder.
She shut her eyes tight. “There is no other reasonable explanation.”
He tapped her temple with his index finger, “Then, stop thinking with this,” and skated the digit down her face, along her neck, to the valley between her breasts. “Choose to follow this. I am the man you need, and you are the woman I want.” He lifted his head to replace his finger with is lips.
Her chin grazed his temple. “I’ve known you all of two days.”
“We have a lifetime. And that’s practically an eternity for shifters.” His voice was muffled. Anxious for skin to skin contact, he yanked her shirt, rolling the thin material up her body. She levered up, and he yanked the shirt over her head, jerking the fabric off her arms. “I hope this isn’t you favorite bra.” A flick of his wrist, and his claws cut the thin back strap into pieces. The satin fell away from her breasts.
Taking one heavy orb in his hand, he inched his head over, and wrapped his lips around the darker flesh of her erect nipple. Deep moans passed through her lips as he rolled the tight numb across his tongue. Her knees squeezed his waist when he sucked her aureole into his mouth. The slide of gentle lips brushed his temple. She slipped her hands beneath his under shirt, dragging her nails up his rib cage. His dick jumped when she flicked her nail over his nipple. The lion in him raised its head in interest. El took her scent deep into his lungs, soothing the beast.
He slid his hands down her torso, to the jeans molded to her ass, and slipped his fingers into her waist band. She sucked in her stomach muscles, and he brought his hands around to un-snap her pants. El released her tit and sat up. Locks of her hair had escaped her ponytail, and dark tresses framed her face. Her cheeks were flush a deep red, and want shined bright in her eyes. She sat back on his thighs and watched him. He met her gaze.
Coils of excitement flowed through him. She was his. He leaned forward and kissed the place above her heart. Her arms came around his shoulders, holding him in place. Easing one foot on the floor, he hefted her up and swung her around to place his other leg over the edge of the couch.
El slid his hands up her thighs to grip her hips. He rose, and her legs dangled before he bent and slid his arm under her knees. Hauling her against him, he tilted his head and nipped her earlobe. “There’s no running away after tonight.” He nuzzled the spot below her ear. “Who am I kidding? After getting a taste of you last night, there was no way in hell I was ever letting you go.”
She placed her cheek on his chest and warned. “Keeping me won’t be easy.”
“Nothing worth having ever is.” He marched down the dark hallway. “But, I promise you the adventure of a lifetime.”
Nae raised a hand and pushed the door open while still in his grasp. “I’m still dreaming right?”
He eased her on the bed. Straightening, he studied her form, her bronze skin a contrast against the white covers. The single lamp on the nightstand bathed her in an ethereal glow, and his heart stuttered in his chest. He reached for his fly and slowly undid each button, taking his time to push his jeans over his hips and down his legs. Stepping out of them when they were around his ankles, he kicked them out the way.
His cock jutted long and hard in front of him. “Do I look like a figment of your imagination?” He reached out and took her hand, placing it on his cock. “I am as real as a man can get.”
El involuntarily flexed his pelvis when she squeezed his shaft.
With a firm grip around his member, she urged him toward her. Rising up on an elbow, she leaned forward and opened her mouth, taking the in mushroom head of his rod. He dropped his head back as pleasure rolled through him. The mattress squeaked as she moved around on the bed. His lion rose and stretched before pacing back and forth in his mind. His cock touched the back of her throat, and she mewled. The vibration coursed through him, building on the earlier sensations.
She cupped his balls, gently massaging them as she slid her lips up and down his shaft. He stopped staring at the ceiling and looked down to watch her head bob back and forth. His nuts drew up, and a tingling began in the pit of his stomach. He threaded his fingers through her hair and tugged her head back.
When she glanced up, he shook his head. “I want this time to be about your pleasure.” He crouched between her legs and wrapped his hands around her waist. Tugging the cold steel tab of her zipper he pulled it down. Next to their breathing, the sound of metal un-knitting was the only other sound in the room. “Lift your hips.” He hooked his fingers in the waist band and yanked them down her legs, pulling them off.
Panties the color of her bra was the only clothing she wore. He lifted his chin and stared into her eyes. “I hope you’re not too attached to these either.” He slipped a digit under the thin elastic and sliced through one side, and then the other. The miniscule material fell away.
“I need underwear.” She voiced in a husky whisper.
“I’ll buy you as many sets as you want.” The scent of her arousal engulfed him, and his animal started to yank at its leash.
He forced her knees open wider and pressed little kisses along the inside of her thigh. El traced the moist folds of his pussy, circling her clit with his index finger. She fell back against the bed, and her body slightly bounced. He placed a palm on her belly to keep her still, dipped his head, and covered her clit with his mouth, flicking the small bundle of nerves with his tongue. She dug her hands into him hard, scratching his scalp with her nails.
Her sighs became whimpers. He slipped his fingers into her opening and drove them into her passage, sliding them in and out of her channel in rapid succession. Her smooth, slick muscles rippled around his digits. He slid them free and thrust again. She bucked against his hand. Her legs trembled as she slammed them on his shoulders, and her torso bowed off the mattress. He tilted his head, sucking her clitoris deep before lightly biting down. Then, he crooked his fingers and plunged them deep.
Nae screamed unintelligible words. Her juices flowed down his digits and over his palm. He replaced his fingers with his tongue and lapped her cream. Wiping the corners of his mouth as she eased back, he glanced up to see her staring down her figure at him. His own cock, rigid from need, bobbed against the side of the bed.
Her voice wobbled when she spoke. “That all you got?”
He crawled up her body to lie on top of her. “Hold on baby. I’m just getting started.”
She spread her legs, and he slipped his member into her snug sheath. He waited, enjoying the feel of her vaginal muscles undulating around his rod. Nae rubbed her heels into the back of his thighs. El rose up to rest on his forearms. He rolled his hips, and her hands slapped the mattress. El started off slowly, concerned he would break her with his strength. His lion growled in frustration at the lack of movement.
Increasing his speed, he drove deeper with each lunge. Longer, sharper teeth filled his mouth as his focused narrowed on the creamy, bronze column of her throat. The bedframe lurched to the side, and the headboard hit the nightstand. A crash and the room fell into darkness. His vision flipped, and his lion snapped free. He rammed his cock into her with wild abandon, shoving them both across the bed. His hair lengthened. Her moans urged him on, and she gripped his triceps. The prickling returned in the pit of his belly and sent currents of awareness along his nerve endings. Nae pulled herself up, crushing her breasts against his chest.
El pressed his nose to her hair and kissed her temple. Another thrust sent the mattress sliding over the side of the bed. Nae briefly dropped beneath him. He opened his mouth wide and lowered his head to the crook of her shoulder. His teeth cut through skin and muscle of her neck as his seed erupted from his cock head. The lion in him roared in satisfaction. The metallic taste of blood flowed over his tongue. He raised his head and gazed down at her.
She owlishly blinked up. He dipped his head and licked the puncture wounds. Nae combed her fingers through his hair. He took a deep breath. His scent comingled with the smell of candied ginger. She was well and thoroughly claimed. He rolled around and got to his feet, holding out a hand to help her up.
“Want to cut on the light so we can clean up?” Her breath blew past his bicep.
“Leave it. There are three other bedrooms we can sleep in … or christen?” He tangled his finger with hers.
“Why did you bite me?” Her voice held a thread of anxiety.
“I completed the claiming.” He lifted her hand to his lips.
Her silence was deafening.
“Talk to me Nae.”
“I won’t stay, you have lost your damn mind, and at the moment there are a number of vulgar words going through my head about you.”
“That’s my woman.” He swooped her up to carry her through the room. “I’m sure you’ll think of numerous more after you sleep on it. You need to rest. We have pride business in the morning.”
“Were you not listening to me?”
“I heard you loud and clear. Now ask me if I think you actually believe that.” 
“That you’re an ass.” She punched his shoulder.
“No. That you won’t stay.” He grunted to make her think her blow actually hurt and stalked out of the room with her in tow.





Chapter Seven

El eased from beneath Nae’s arm and slid out the bed. When he stood, he glanced down at her and pursed his lips, debating on leaving. The bed was so much more inviting with her in it. But, he needed to address the threat to his pride. All he had to do was handle the issue, and he could go back to pretending to be the pencil pushing shifter everyone thought he was. He snorted as he backed out the room and tore his gaze away from the lithe form on the king size mattress.
He didn’t bother to put on clothes. He slid the sliding patio door open, and slipped through the slim gap. Cool night air whipped through the trees at the back of his property and across the deck, chilling him. Trace appeared at the base of the stairs, waiting for him on the landing.
Trace knew his secret and had accompanied him on a few assignments. The tiger was as ruthless as he was. El helped Gunter raise the cub when they found him in India, buried under the weight of his dead mother. From the time they discovered him he never uttered a word, but if you wanted another shifter at your back, Trace was definitely the beast for the job.
El gripped his shoulder. “Nae is sleeping.”
Trace’s eyes widened.
“Don’t look so surprised, we had to rest eventually.”
A half smirk lifted the side of Trace’s face.
“I think she tried to break me. I’m not the young lion I use to be.”
Trace rolled his eyes.
“I bet I can still kick your ass.” El chuckled. His smile faltered. “I don’t know what the hell is going on, but I intend to find out. I need you to watch her until I find out who the fuck is stalking our pride. I’m going on a hunt. In the morning take Nae to Trots; I’ll meet you there.”
Trace nodded. He shifted within a few steps and trotted off into the darkness.
El embraced his animal and accepted the reformation of his body, allowing his lion to take control. Fur sprouted from his skin as he dropped to his knees. He raised his head and snarled. Smaller mammals scurried to find shelter among the trees. He leapt off the porch. It was time to find some answers. El bounded into the forest, running at top speed.

***

Nae flipped over. Bright light poured over her face, and she blinked several times before fully opening her eyes. She rose up on her elbows and swiveled her head, searching the room for her missing bedmate. The sun’s beams bled through the sheer curtains which billowed in the soft breeze, blowing through the screen. She fell back against the pillow and wiped a hand down her face. All the debauchery of the previous evening hit her like a punch to the gut. She was in deep trouble, and she only had one person who would actually believe her. Shay would know how to extricate her from the situation she’d gotten herself mired into.
When she swung her legs off the bed and planted her feet on the floor, she groaned as she stretched the sore muscles of her calves and thighs. Her hand grazed the bite mark at the hollow of her throat, and she flinched. Somehow, she’d dropped down the rabbit hole and landed in a world which was as far from wonderland as it could get. Hell, the animals she found herself surrounded by probably ate the damn rabbit. Dragging the sheet off the bed, she wrapped it around her and left the room in search of her clothes. Voices bantering back and forth reached her as she maneuvered around an overturned hall table. She listened for El’s voice, when she didn’t hear it, she crouched down to pick up the heavy lamp laying at her feet. Cautiously, she eased up to the edge of the wall.
“We can hear you stumbling around back there. Come on out. No one’s going to hurt you.” It was Gunter’s voice.
Nae dropped her arm but held on to the base of the fixture as she stepped into the great room. The heads of three people turned and stared up at her expectantly. She knew two of them, and the one guy she didn’t know winked. Her lips inched up at the corners.
“Ya know if El catches you flirting with his woman, he will hurt you.” La eyes widened, and she exaggerated her blinking as she took on a look of innocence.
“Shut up La it was a ‘hey, how are you, welcome to the family, get comfortable’ wink.” The unknown man answered before adding, “I’m Aristotle by the way. My buds call me Ari.”
Nae lifted the lamp. “Nice to meet you.” She angled her body in Gunter’s direction. “Where is El?
“Don’t know. We thought he’d be here.” Gunter’s gaze drifted to her neck before he lifted his eyes to meet her stare. “Being newly mated and all.”
Nae clutched the sheet tighter in her fist. The flush of heat started at her neck. “Woke up alone. Sorry, I can’t help you.”
Gunter rubbed his chin. “We can’t find Trace either.”
“Who is Trace?” Nae lifted her shoulders.
La leaned back in the cushions. “You met him, my brother from another mother and daddy, too. Come to think of it. Ya know tall, silent, and brooding.”
“Ohhh. Yeah, no I got nothing.” Nae pressed her lips together. “Regardless since you’re here I need a lift to the airport.”
“Why?” Ari cocked his head.
“To take a flight.” Nae dipped to put the lamp down. “I need to go home.” She waved her hands. “All of this is beyond my realm of… Hell, I want to go home.”
Ari’s eyebrows came together. “I wasn’t asking why you needed a ride. Your SUV is parked in the driveway.” 
“Oh. Well then, it was great meeting you all.” Nae backed up.
Gunter cleared his throat. “As entertaining as it might be to watch El finally lose it, this isn’t the time to push his buttons.” He leaned forward on his knees. “Get dressed. I bet El and Trace are probably at the bar. You can work out your issues with El, and then maybe the rest of us can get down to business.”
“I think I like my original plan.” Nae lifted her chin.
“It wasn’t a request.” Gunter rose and took a few steps in her direction before stopping and smiling. “We’ll wait right here for you. El would murder me if I let something happen to you.”
Nae pursed her lips. “Sure, let me get my clothes.” She shuffled deeper into the mouth of the hallway before turning her back and seeking out the bedroom she’d shared with El.
She pressed the door shut with a soft click, flipped the tiny switch in the middle of the knob, and then turned around to survey the room. Sunlight poured in from the single window, brightening the area. The night stand was on its side, and the contents littered across the floor. Linear black marks marred the walls where the metal headboard had gouged the surface. The mattress was lying cockeyed, off the box spring and half on the floor. Long multiple slits split the tufted material at awkward angles. The fabric had curled away from the cuts to expose the cotton padding and springs. Bedclothes were in a tangled heap and partially hung over the footboard. A touch of blue in the corner caught her eye. She dropped the sheet and rushed over to pick up her jeans. Her phone tumbled out of her pocket, and she swiped her finger over the blank screen.
It didn’t flash on. She rubbed harder and realized it was completely dead. Tossing it to the floor, she lifted her jeans up and stuffed one leg, and then the other into the denim pants. She spun in a circle looking for her blouse. Fuck it. She ran to the closet and snatched it open. A few suits hung in the back along with a couple of club vests, T-shirts and polo’s filled the front in a myriad of colors. She yanked a shirt off the hanger and hurried to put it on. One way or another, she was getting the hell up out of there without the goon squad on her heels.
Tiptoeing to the door, she placed her ear on the wood and listened. Boisterous laughter confirmed her jailers were still in the house. Careful to skirt the various items on the floor, she made her way across the room to the window and said a prayer it would open. She fit her fingers beneath the ledge and heaved. No movement. Nae reared back and studied it. She struck the heel of her hand on her forehead, and then reached out and flicked the latch on top of the pane. The glass went up smoothly. A few taps at the corners of the screen, and the panel popped out, dropping into the shrubbery below before she could catch it. The faint metallic bang made her glanced over her shoulder at the bedroom door. When nothing happened, she sat on the window sill, pulled her legs in tight against her, and worked her way around to face the outside.
She jumped.
The iron frame of the screen crumpled under her feet and thorny branches scratched her arms as she pushed through the foliage behind the flower beds. She leaned forward to check the house’s entrance and sighed in relief when no alarms were raised. A hasty look around and she found her truck a couple of feet away from her, parked in-front of El’s vehicle.
She took off running.
Her steps thundered in her ears as she moved from grass to the cement pad adjacent to the house. She rounded the back of her SUV and skidded to a stop. Gunter leaned on the door smoking his cigar.
He pulled the brown wrapped tobacco away from his lips and blew a ring of smoke above his head. His eyes crinkled at the corners. “Took you long enough.” He chuckled, and then yelled out. “Let’s get going, I got El’s mate out here.”
“How?” Nae shook her head.
“I’m a Hyena. I got a good nose and great ears. I have been around a long time. El’s father was my best friend.” He pushed off the truck and gripped her by the elbow. “I hate chasing folks, so can we make this easy on all parties involved and just go to Trots?”
“Wait you’re not a lion?”
“Hell no. They can be obnoxious.”
Nae dug her heels in as he started to drag her along. “Hold on!” She wrenched her arm from his grasp. “Exactly how many species of you are there?”
La swept by them, stopped, and turned. “There are quite a few of us. Wolves, bears, big cats even snakes. I hear there are some gators and boars down South, but I haven’t met any.” She shrugged. “Oh, and there are rumors that dragons reside up North somewhere, but I don’t know how true that is. I have hung out with a couple of witches though. Those chicks were awesome!” She spun around and continued to the Jeep.
Ari passed on Nae’s other side. He held two thumbs up. “It’s shifter’s nation baby.” He strolled around the grill of the vehicle.
Gunter took a deep draw off his cigar before tossing it to the ground and stepping on it. “Will everybody get into the fucking jeep?” He enfolded his fingers around Nae’s wrist. “El should have explained all this to you. Listen, don’t pay La and Ari any attention. They’re still young.”
“Hey, I’m almost twenty.” La called from the backseat.
Gunter opened the door for Nae. “Like I said, young.”
Nae met Gunter’s stare and tilted her head. “So, tell me exactly how many of you are there?”
“That’s subjective. Are you referring to our pride, or in general?” He showed a hint of fang when he smiled. “Here’s how I see it. Human evolution went one way. Animal advancement took another bend in the road. Imagine every predator you can. Now, visualize half of those species being able to hold a human form.”
Her mouth dropped.
“Yeah, it’s a daunting picture, which is why very few of you are even aware of our existence. With regards to our tribe, as El’s mate, you are second only to him in our hierarchy. A word of advice, keep a weapon on you at all times, and I ain’t talking about some dinky metal rod either.” He angled his hand at the front passenger seat.

***

The acrid scent of gas and oil made his nose twitch; by products of a vehicle exhaust. He searched for an automobile. Tracking the smell, he caught sight of a structure. Not far from an old logging lane El found an old wooden shack. It sat deep among a copse of towering Evergreens. As he circled the structure, he spotted the carcass of a deer at the base of a close tree. Deep grooves in the trunk showed where claws had penetrated the wood. They were markings, a warning from one beast to another that the surrounding land was already claimed. He’d been scouring their territory for most of the night and all of the morning. He padded over to the doe and pawed at it, flipping it over. Large, familiar bite marks at the throat told him it was a lion that’d done the damage. He studied the body. The heart and liver were missing. Choice pieces to a hungry carnivore.
He took a deep breath, sifting through the smell of blood and death. The wind ruffled his mane, and he peered at the sky, thinking. Grey clouds rolled over each other, blotting out the clear blue. Rain might erase the already faint trail Reese had left. El turned his face into wind, seeking out the slim thread of scent which would lead him to the errant lion. The paw prints he’d found had to belong to Reese, but they didn’t match the pictures Gunter had shown him. Reese wasn’t the nomad, but El caught the brief smell of trepidation which would show up every now and then in the shifter’s odor. He wasn’t the trespasser, but El would bet his pride that the older lion knew who was.
El doubled back to the road. He would settle this bullshit today. No one would take Nae away from him. Perhaps it was time to show his people why he was actually the king of beasts.





Chapter Eight

The jeep bounced along on the gravel road. Gunter spun the wheel and took a turn onto a smooth motorway. The tree tops curved in the growing wind. It whistled through the crevices of the vinyl top. Dark clouds filled the horizon, and brief flashes of lightening were followed by loud booms of thunder. The wind pushed the old vehicle across the two lane highway, and Gunter quickly righted the SUV. Fat drops of rain splattered the windshield, battering the body of the vehicle. At top speed, the wipers did very little to keep the glass clear. Nae hung onto the roll bar above her head as the jeep fishtailed on the slick asphalt.
“Where the hell did this storm come from?” Nae voiced out loud.
“That happens sometimes. Thunderstorms appear out of nowhere. It will blow over just as fast.” Ari answered her from the back seat.
Nae opened her mouth just as a four by four truck slammed into the jeep. The SUV broke the steel guard and rolled over the side of the hill. The vehicle that hit them followed them over the edge bumper first, racing with them as they tumbled into the valley below. Branches snapped as the trucks barreled down the landscape. The top was ripped from the jeep, and rain fell on Nae with each rotation of the heavy metal frame. The truck stopped suddenly, and a deafening screech of metal tore through the air. The jeep inched forward before stopping again.
Upright, her belt confined her to the seat. Large drops of water fell hard, plastering her hair to her head and her clothes to her body. She sucked in deep breaths of wet air and tugged at her bindings. Gently, she turned her head to see Gunter. His seat belt flapped in the wind, he was out and stripping his clothes from his body.
“No matter what, stay with Nae!” He yelled as he turned into what appeared to be a hybrid dog. He yipped and ran off. 
The rain fell in sheets so hard it blurred her vision. She rubbed her eyes to clear her sight. Nae cried out as she fought to get loose.
La appeared at her side. “It okay, you’re not alone. I’m here.” She held up her hand and talons popped out from the pads of her fingers. La slid her digits through the woven material.
Nae leaned forward and grabbed her head as a sharp pain pierced her brain above her left eye.
“Gunter and Ari have gone after the guy in the service truck. Can you move your legs?” La screamed to be heard over the thunder.
Nae nodded.
“Good. I grabbed this.” La placed a thick tire iron in Nae’s lap.
Nae lifted her head to look at La, squinting to see between the drops of rain. “What’s this for?”
“It’s not as good as a gun, but it’s the best weapon you’re gonna get at the moment. Just in case. Do you need help getting out?
“No.” Nae swallowed the bile bubbling up her throat and turned in her seat.
La stepped back to give her room. From her peripheral vision, Nae saw a flash of gold. She turned her head and felt an ache slither down her neck. The lion caught La on the shoulders, shoving her down beneath its body. La let out an ear piercing shriek, scrambling beneath the weight of the beast to get free. Battling back the pain and nausea, Nae jumped from the vehicle. Blinded by the water pouring down her face, she raised the heavy iron bar and swung.
She hit the back of the animal, and her hands slid down the smooth steel rod to brush its fur. The lion reared up to take a swipe at her. She leapt back and slipped on the wet moss under her feet, falling on her butt. The tire iron slipped from her grasp, and she patted the ground around her for anything she could use to defend herself. Slowly, the big lion stalked toward. Nae peered beyond the animal to see La’s motionless form. The heavy downpour slowed to a constant drizzle.
Nae’s hand landed on a rock. The perfect size for her palm, she judged its weight as she hefted it up. Holding the lions amber gaze, she spoke. “Come and get me, mother fucker.” She watched as the muscles on the beast seemed to tense. He opened his mouth to expose three inch incisors.
The lion leapt in her direction. His paws splayed to show dense curved claws erupting from dense dark pads.
Another lion jumped over her, knocking back the other beast. This one opened his mouth and snarled. Nae studied the animal. This beast was huge, standing a shoulder above her attacker. The wide muscular chest tapered into strong corded limbs. Thick claws penetrated the soft ground. Muscles flexed and bunched as it paced one way, and then the other. Wheat colored bushy mane surrounded its head, which then trailed down to the middle of its back. The long tail whipped back and forth with a tuft of hair on its end, brushing the animal’s sides.
The other lion backtracked and dropped it heads between it paws.
Nae stared at the lion’s profile in front of her and whispered. “El?”
The new lion growled. Nae watched as the first beast launched itself at El.
El went up on his hind legs, battling with his front paws. His claws tore into the smaller beast’s chest. The lion flipped back and crouched down, keeping its gaze on El as he prowled in a circle. Yips rent the air, and Nae scanned the area for the source. Gunter still in his hyena form sat on the hood of the jeep. Rumbles and snarls answered Gunter’s call. Nae looked over and clambered to the side. The tiger she’d seen the day before sat next to her, and a large spotted cat was beside La’s prone figure.
The attacking lion leapt, and El dropped down on all fours, rolled on his back, and sunk his paws, claws extended, into the belly of the beast. The animal dropped on the other side of El, and then rose up, attacking as El flipped over. The smaller lion latched onto the back of El’s neck and thrashed its head.
Nae swallowed several times to tame the bile rising in her throat. Blood poured from El’s wounds. She breathed through her nose and exhaled quickly as she realized this was her new reality. Her heart lurched as she watched her mate battle with claw and fang for her. She closed her eyes against the image and thought about the night before about the claiming. Acceptance filled her. She opened her eyes, her decision made. Nae screamed. “Kick that son of a bitch’s ass Eldridge Kuhne!
El rose up on his hind legs and fell back, dropping all his weight on the animal beneath him. It pushed out from under El. El twisted over and spun around, tearing into the beast’s throat. Blood sprayed out in an arc, mixing with the drizzling rain. El whipped his head and a crunch could be heard as he crushed the other lion’s windpipe. The other beasts stopped moving.
El released the limp body of her attacker. He placed a paw on the neck of the animal, raised his face to the sky, and roared.

***

Ellory lifted his hand and waitress sauntered over. He dipped his finger into the juices of the rare steak he had just consumed. Sucking the flavor from his finger, he smiled up at the pretty brunette. “Another T-bone, rare.”
“All right, sugar.” She sashayed away, passing one of his pride members as she sauntered down the narrow aisle.
He leaned against the cracked pleather of the booth as Zima sat down. “Report.”
“Reese is dead, and El claimed the human woman as his mate. With the impressive kill of a challenging lion, rumor is, he has cemented his place as Chieftain.” She commented dryly as she moved into the seat across from Ellory.
“I think we need to change directions. I assume the human won’t be taking him back to Reno?”
“He won’t let the bitch out of his sight. I’m surprised she can go to the bathroom alone.”
“Don’t be petulant, Zima. I told you before you joined El’s pride he was peculiar. I want you to siphon some more money into my back account. I’m bringing Kaseo over. He’ll be your new contact.”
“Why?” She arched a brow.
“Don’t question my motives just do as I say.” Ellory leaned forward and reached out to caress her cheek. “Please tell me that Reese at least killed the damn eagle.”
“She has a broken arm. So, she won’t be flying for a while.” Zima pulled away from his palm and lifted a menu from end of the table.
“That idiot couldn’t even get a kill right.” Ellory sucked in through his teeth. “What are you doing?”
“I was going to order something to eat. I drove out here without grabbing anything on the way.” Zima continued to study the menu.
“You don’t have that kind of time. I want you back in pride territory within a few hours. I want the monies in my bank by the end of the day.”
“But—”
“No buts; fifteen thousand dollars needs to be in my account, immediately. My funds are running low. You knew what you were getting into when you signed on to spy for me. Sadly, my expectations must have been too high since you couldn’t even keep El occupied. We’ll have to rely on your other specialties, like creative accounting.”
Zima sigh was filled with annoyance. “Ellory, that’s a lot of money to move and cover up in a day.”
“Make it happen, Zima. You’re dismissed.” Ellory lifted his fork in one hand and his knife in the other as another plate, with a two inch thick steak, was placed before him. 
“Will that be all?” The waitress inquired pleasantly.
“For the moment.” He flashed a smile.
When the server left, his lips curved down. He turned his gaze on Zima. “You’re still here?”
“I was just leaving.” She pressed her lips together in a firm line and tossed the menu aside. The seat crackled as Zima slid out.
“Good. One more thing, with Reese dead, he can’t pave the way for my son. Makeup some story and ask that Kaseo be granted membership to the pride. Also, I want you to drive a wedge between El and his mate. Start with the woman, insinuate certain things about your relationship. Humans are so easily manipulated that there shouldn’t be a problem, even for you.” He waved his fingers in a shooing motion.
Ellory watched Zima stomp down the aisle. Her sweet little ass twisted to and fro in the tight skirt she wore, and her heels tapped a light staccato on the linoleum floor. He felt his cock harden. Ellory lifted his hand and crooked his finger. His waitress sauntered over.
She held a slip of paper in her hand. “Need something else, honey?”
He turned his head and glanced at her name tag. Deloris. Ellory smiled wide and met her gaze. “I do actually. I have this sudden urge to fuck.” He lifted his pelvis and dug into his pocket pulling out a hundred dollar bill. He tossed it on the table and pushed his plate toward her. “That should cover the cost of my dinner. Wrap it up and meet me behind the diner. Keep the rest as your tip. I’ll see you in ten minutes.” He scooted out of the booth and grazed his erection against Deloris’ ass as he passed her. The scent of her arousal had him adjusting his dick, human women were so predictable. He whispered. “Alley. Eight minutes. Tick tock.” Ellory ambled out the door.

***

“I don’t understand, it’s only been a week since we met. Why do we have to clean up the room today?” El complained as Nae re-entered the bedroom with a large garbage bag.
“You want me to stay? Then, we need to clean this mess up. My cousin is arriving today.” She opened the mouth of the bag for him to put trash in.
He stared. She was beautiful with her tied back under one of his bandannas. His sweat shirt practically swallowed her, hanging down to her knees with the sleeves rolled up to her elbows. “I’m a lion, I should be resting.”
“Yeah, I looked up your species traits. Y’all are a lazy bunch.”
“Pardon?”
“No need to make excuses. Now that I have an idea of what I’m working with, we’ll make this happen.” She waved her hand around the room.
“Woman, I have no clue what you said.”
“That’s fine. You just keep picking shit up.”
El cocked a brow.
The side of Nae’s mouth curved up in a mischievous smirk. “I’m helping.” She rattled the bag.
El bent to pick up a few loose papers. He smoothed the crumpled sheets out and stared at the picture with ‘Reno’ typed out next to a series of numbers. The picture was an almost exact likeness of him, but the eyes were off. The man was smiling, but pure hatred was reflected in his gaze. El checked the other page. Anger welled up in his belly. The motorcycle in the grainy image was similar to his custom bike.
He folded the documents and slipped them into his jeans pocket.
“Hey, you’re supposed to be working. My cousin will be here.” Nae paced to the nightstand and lifted her phone from surface. “Aw hell, her fight already landed.”
“That’s a bad thing?”
“Yes. I wasn’t there to meet her.” Nae’s shoulders slumped. “Crap, I thought we had more time.”
“I’m sure she’ll understand.”
“You don’t know Shay.”
El’s cell rang. He leaned in and pressed his mouth to hers before breaking the kiss and answering his phone “What?”
 “We have a minor situation” Gunter’s annoyance came through clear over the line.
“I’m willing to bet my information trumps yours.”
“Try me.”
“You first, old man.” El made a motion to Nae and exited the room when she nodded.
“There’s a knockout of a woman here, long red hair, smooth skin the color of pecans. She smells something like mint to me but Ari swears its catnip and all Trace can do is stare. He growls every time one of us gets close to her. I believe she’s related to your mate, and you need to come get her before Trace kills someone. He looks feral.”
“Well damn. That is interesting. Hold on.” El held the phone down and called out to Nae. “Gunter is on the phone, he says your cousin arrived at the bar and wants us to come get her now.”
She appeared in the doorway. “Great! Gimme a minute and I’ll be ready.”
“All right, I’ll meet you at the truck.” El raised the phone to his ear once he was out of the door. “Gunter?”
“What is it?”
“Ellory is here.” El’s grip tightened on the phone, and the slim plastic cracked. He relaxed his hand. 
“How do you know?” Concern etched Gunter’s voice.
“I have his picture from Reno.”
“Hell!” A crash drowned out the rest of Gunter’s words. His voice was muffled, “Dammit Ari, I said stay away from her, or I can’t be responsible for what that tiger will do to you. Trace—shit—Trace no fucking shifting.” Gunter’s voice became clear as he yelled. “El come get the woman. Now! We can discuss everything else when you get here.” The line went dead.

The End

