



PRINCE JADE

Celesta Thiessen



Published by Celesta Thiessen at Smashwords



Copyright 2013 Celesta Thiessen



Smashwords Edition







Dedicated to the one who loves me and 
called me out of darkness. Thank you!



Prologue

Long ago, when things were not as they are now, there was a great kingdom, the kingdom of Kedrin. Daryn, King of Kedrin, was good and kind, and he was no ordinary king. He was of the royal line of Asitelle, with powers far beyond those of most mortals. Because Asitellians were not exactly human, they could only marry their own kind or those of fairy blood. After the Great War, there remained, besides the king, only four Asitellians - three men who lived far away by the sea, one of whom had a young son. And so it happened that King Daryn needed to choose a wife from among the fairies.
When the time came for the king to take a wife, he sent a messenger to the Queen of the Fairies. She saw the king’s motives and heart were pure so she sent back to him one of her own daughters to become his wife - Ariana, an fairy with white-blonde hair, tall and fine-featured. She was not only beautiful but also kind, and the entire kingdom fell in love with her.
King Daryn and the fairy princess were wed. Ariana loved Daryn dearly and soon they had a child together - a son whom they named Tristan. His birth was celebrated throughout the land with merriment, feasting and dancing.
The Queen of the Fairies was pleased that her daughter and this Asitellian had produced a lovely child, but she feared for her half-elfin grandson. Although she knew his parents were kind and good, she was afraid that so much power, at such a young age, might make him truly wicked. So the Queen of the Fairies clouded Tristan’s mind so that he would be as a human, until the day he married.
Soon after Tristan’s birth, Ariana grew sick and died, quite suddenly. The king was utterly stricken. His son only reminded him of the love he had lost. Ariana’s death grieved the Queen of the Fairies greatly, as well. Rumor spread that she blamed King Daryn for her daughter’s premature death. The Queen of the Fairies decreed that never again would her people marry anyone from the line of Asitelle. Not long after that, a fairy baby girl was found wrapped in a blanket just outside the palace. Many believed it was the Queen of the Fairies who left the little fairyling there. Perhaps the queen pitied her grandson and did not wish to condemn him to a life of solitude. When the little fairy was found, she was named Sky, for her bright blue eyes and she was immediately betrothed to Tristan.
Time passed. Tristan grew with the mind of a mortal and was loved by all the people in the land. He was the image of his father, with blond hair to his shoulders. His blue eyes were his mother’s; they shone like crystals sparkling in the sunlight. 
During the days, he took great delight in playing hide-and-seek and other games with Sky. In the evenings, Tristan would watch the palace servants at work. He showed interest in them and admired their skills. At first they were surprised when he asked to help, but they humored the young prince, seeing no harm in it.	
The king, however, sank deeper and deeper into loneliness. He longed to marry again. A great search was made throughout the land for a new wife for the king, but none was found.
None, that is, until Jezebel presented herself to the king and captured his heart. She was a willful nymph, dark of color and of soul, and she wanted to be Queen of Kedrin. She disobeyed the Fairy Queen’s edict. Although the king saw that she was not full of light, as his first wife had been, she was beautiful…and he was lonely. So he married her anyway.
The kingdom suffered under Queen Jezebel’s rule. Taxes were increased greatly so the queen could have jewels and ornaments and fine clothing from distant lands. She distracted the king from his duty. Orphans and widows were forgotten and villains went unpunished. 	
When Tristan was seven, Jezebel gave birth to his half-brother, Jade. Without the enchantment of the Fairy Queen, Jade had great and terrible powers. When he cried, the kingdom trembled; when he was sick, a plague swept across the land. When Jade was two, he put his nurse into a coma for seven days because she wouldn’t do as he demanded. The servants feared and disliked him, but his mother catered to his every whim. Tristan wanted to spend time with Jade, to do things with his brother, but Jade would not. He eluded Prince Tristan and spent his time alone. Jade was sullen and dark, with straight, black hair. Queen Jezebel had named him for his eyes; they were like two hard, green, dead stones.




Chapter 1

Prince Jade sat on a small hill, looking down at the palace stables. He was only four but everyone knew what he could do. Jade could feel their fear and he liked it. They all did whatever he told them to. Jade liked that. One day he would be king. Then all the people everywhere would do as he commanded.
In his mind’s eye, Jade saw a fire. He let it grow and grow. Then he released it inside the barn below. He couldn’t see the fire yet but he knew it was there. Soon he heard the animals panicking. A stable boy saw the fire and started yelling for water. Jade grinned. It was funny. He watched as the fire consumed the structure. It looked like they got all the animals out but that didn’t matter. They knew he had done it. Jade had seen them glancing nervously up the hill as they worked to douse the fire. They feared him. 
Years passed as Jade schemed how he would take the throne.

***

“My Lord, Prince Jade.” A palace servant, Tupsid, flung himself at Jade’s feet. He was a short, fat man, greasy and balding.
“Yes? What is it?” Jade stepped back, away from the groveling menial who had almost touched his black, polished boots. Jade rearranged his long black hair and smoothed his black satin robe.
“Your father…he’s dead.” The weak man cringed on the ground.
“That comes as no surprise. The old man has been sick for years.”
“Tristan has been named King.”
“As expected,” said Jade.
“And Queen Jezebel, my Lord, she has died as well.” The quivering man would not meet Jade’s gaze.
“My mother is dead? What caused her death?”
“They say it was a broken heart, my Prince.”
“That seems exceedingly unlikely,” Jade sneered. She was hated by many... Probably poisoned. But the circumstance of her death didn’t matter. They were gone and that was that. 
“Yes, my Lord.” The groveling man murmured from the ground at his feet.
“Be ready, Tupsid. Tomorrow I take the throne.”
“Yes, my Lord.”
The prince dismissed the man. Jade had only one ally in the kingdom, but one was all he needed. Tupsid was a palace servant. He had no love in his heart, but he dreamed of riches. His greed was so great, it blocked out all else. 
Jade pondered his next action. He would conquer the kingdom…and steal Sky for his own. Jade was only fourteen but no one had the power to stop him. He was confident the throne would soon be his! Only Tristan stood in the way of the fulfillment of all his desires.

***

The night before Jade’s planned take-over, he strode into Sky’s room. “Sky.”
She threw pastel blue coverlets off and jumped up to stand beside her bed. “What do you want, Jade?” she asked loudly, backing farther away. She looked so beautiful with her red hair flowing down onto her shimmering white night dress. 
“I want this kingdom and tomorrow I shall have it. You know I always get what I want. Tristan will have to die. But you have a choice. Join me, Sky. Stand by my side as I take this kingdom for myself.”
Her clear blue eyes shifted to him, away, and back to meet his eyes again. Perhaps, in time, she would love him…but it didn’t matter. She will be mine!
 “I will not help you take my love’s kingdom or his life, but it seems I am powerless to stop you.” 
“Good.” He laughed inwardly. Jade was intoxicated with the taste of victory. “Then, after I dispose of Tristan, you are mine!” 
Sky hung her head, and her shoulders drooped. He had thought she would have tried to fight him. But this was even better. This was going to be so easy! Jade smiled in triumph, turned, and strode from the room, his black, velvet cape swooshing quietly behind him.
Jade slept soundly that night and did not dream. The next morning, he awoke unusually early. This day would be glorious! Jade walked to his window and looked out from his high tower. The sun was only just cresting the horizon. His eyes watered as he stared at the rising golden orb. It was perfect in its beauty. Just as his life would be. When he had the throne, then he would be satisfied. The whole kingdom would bow to him as he held hands with Sky. Then, finally, he would be happy.


Chapter 2

Soon Jade’s servant, Tupsid, arrived at the door to his chambers.
“Tupsid, today will be my crowning achievement. No one can stop me!” 
“Yes, Lord,” answered Tupsid, fidgeting as he often did.
“Eliminate all the servants and guards who would try to rebel against me,” Jade said. “I will put the whole palace to sleep. Disposing of sleeping guards is something even you’ll be able to manage.”
“With pleasure, my Lord.” The servant bowed.
“Good. I will take care of Tristan myself.
 Jade closed his eyes and tried to put everyone in the palace to sleep. His effort failed…he felt a shift of power had taken place. Jade went into a trance-like state as he looked into Sky’s mind for an answer. He found a memory. Something had happened during the night while he had been sleeping. 

***

Once Jade was gone, Sky hurried to the new king’s chamber.
“Tristan?” she whispered into the darkness.
“Sky?” Tristan fumbled to light the candle by his bed. “What are you doing here?” he asked, smiling sleepily.
Her orange hair fell loosely around her face.
“Marry me, Tristan,” she said, shifting her bare feet on the cold, hard stone floor. 
“I will,” he said, still grinning at her. 
Sky sat beside him on the bed. She knew she couldn’t make him understand the danger they were in because of the fog that lingered in his mind. “As soon as we are married, we will never have to be apart again,” she whispered, close to him.
“I know.”
Sky ran her fingers along his arm and rested her head on his shoulder.
“I never want to be apart from you, Tristan. And I’ve waited so long to marry you…why haven’t you asked me yet?” Tristan held her hand in his. She looked up at him and he gazed into her eyes.
“I don’t know…I never want to be apart from you either.” Tristan paused. 
“I’m going to marry you…very soon.”
Sky knew he had to marry her that night if they were to have any hope of defeating Jade. 
“Tristan, do you love me?”
“Yes. I love you with all my heart.”
Sky breathed on him as Tristan inhaled. Fairy breath can make a man weak to a sprite’s suggestions. She knew it was their only hope.
“We could get married tonight,” Sky said, clutching his hand more tightly.
“But...we should have a big feast...and invite important people,” said Tristan. “Oh, fine. I’ll just go back to bed then. Maybe you’re not sure you want to marry me. I’m getting tired of waiting,” she said, flipping her hair and turning, pretending to leave.
“Wait. Don’t go, Sky. Don’t be mad.”
“Do you want to marry me or not?” She stood with her hands on her hips, looking down into his beautiful blue eyes.
“Of course!”
Sky sat down beside him on the bed again and took his hand. Tristan smiled in relief. She leaned closer and breathed on him again, whispering, “Let’s get married.”
Her heart was full of conflict but she didn’t let it show. Fear drove her on. She would not be Jade’s. Never. Sky leaned away from Tristan to look into his eyes. She forced a smile to her face. Once they were wed, she would tell Tristan the truth. He would understand why she had to manipulate him. But still, sorrow tugged at her.
“I will marry you right now,” he said firmly, in a kingly voice. Then, in a younger voice, he asked, “Do you want to marry me right now, Sky?”
“Yes,” she said, nuzzling his chest.
“Come on,” he said, grabbing her hand. “Let’s find the royal priest.”

***

Jade’s eyes shot open after experiencing Sky’s memory. He felt fear for the first time in his life.
“Jade,” boomed Tristan
Jade looked up and there stood his brother, in power, with Sky by his side. Jade’s heart sank. They had married. Jade summoned all his power and threw it at Tristan and Sky. He screamed in primal rage as he saw his power failing against them. Jade drew his long knife from the sheath at his right hip. But Tristan drew his sword and with one mighty blow knocked the knife from Jade’s hand. The power of Tristan and Sky together forced Jade to his knees and held him there. He railed against him with a vile tirade until they placed a temporary bubble of silence over him. Jade screamed at them but heard nothing.
Then Tristan and Sky placed Jade in a heavy metal box, which had been prepared for him during the night. His prison was just big enough for him to sit in but not tall enough for him to stand or long enough for him to stretch out lying down. The box was made of powdered dragon’s teeth and strands of Sky’s hair, melted together with lead, so that it was almost impossible for Jade’s power to penetrate it. 
“By dragon’s teeth and fairy hair,” Sky whispered, “we seal this box with haste and care.”
When Jade’s prison was sealed, Sky sprinkled the box with fairy dust, placed a seal over the seam where it opened, and scribed a message on the seal.
Jade stopped trying to yell. It was over. He heard a conversation between Sky and Tristan from within his prison.
“I still think you ought to put him to death, Tristan. He is just too dangerous!”
“Sky…I still love him. He’s my brother! Perhaps he will yet choose good. Perhaps, one day, he could be saved from the evil inside him. He’s so young! It saddens me to have to imprison him and send him away but he must be taken to a place where he cannot harm anyone. But Sky…I have to believe there is yet hope for my brother. One day, he will stand by my side as my brother, as it should have been from the beginning.”
“May what you say come to be, Husband.”
But Jade knew that, if he could find a way to break free, he would return, to finish what he had started. Tristan would die.
Then, in an explosion of power, Jade, in his prison, and Tupsid, beside it, were instantly transported far away to a dense forest at the foot of the mountains in a distant corner of the kingdom.
Chapter 3

As the blue, crackling power faded away, Jade could see little in the darkness. Is it night already? No, it had only been early morning. Jade moved to the small rectangular opening in the box. He looked out the slot. A forest. Trees growing so closely together that little sunlight reached the ground. Dampness, the scent of vegetation, and the babbling of a brook nearby. Then Jade saw Tupsid.
“Worthless servant!” Jade screamed. “Why didn’t you tell me what was happening?! Why didn’t you tell me that Sky and Tristan had married?!”
The man was wide-eyed, looking around wildly. “How did we get here?”
“It was the fairy powers, idiot. Are you really so stupid?” Apparently so. “I hear water. Go fetch me a drink.”
But Tupsid only stood there. He put his hands on his head and pulled at his hair for a moment. Then he sank to his knees. “No, no, no…oh, no. Not stuck here alone with…no…Oh, please take me back!” he shouted into the air. “Please! I’ll do anything! Please! He made me do it! I didn’t want to…No…no…no. This can’t be!”
“I said, water!” shrieked Jade. “Fetch! Now!”
The man still moaned on the ground. Jade moved with his mind to compel him to comply. He could force just enough of his power through the small opening in the box to reach his servant, who was only a few feet away.
Tupsid stiffened and then cried out loudly in pain. “What was that?!” His eyes darted about again.
“That was me!” growled Jade. “Get me water. NOW!”
The man staggered to his feet and stumbled toward the sound of the water. Once he was out of sight, Jade spotted a cooking pot, a frying pan, and a pail. Clearly an idiot. A few moments later, Tupsid returned with wet hands and water all down the front of his shirt. 
“I have nothing to carry it in,” he said fearfully.
Jade pointed a long, thin finger out of the slot towards the pail that sat on the ground beside the nearest tree.
“Oh, right. Didn’t see that.” He picked up the bucket and trundled off, back towards the brook. 
At least, his hysteria had worn off. Jade sat against the hard, cool metal of the box and rested for a moment, closing his eyes. How could he possibly escape? He considered the idea for several, quiet moments. But he thought of nothing. Was escape impossible? What had Sky written on the seal?
“I have water, Lord Jade,” came the timid and appropriately reverent voice of his servant. 
Jade opened his eyes and moved to his tiny window. Tupsid lifted up the bucket to show him and stared at the slit in the metal box. “It won’t fit.”
Jade sighed loudly. “Pour some water in the frying pan.”
“Oh, yeah.” Tupsid sloshed some of the water out into the pan and passed it though the slot to the prince. “Here.”
Jade took the pan and drank deeply. Then he flung the frying pan back through the slot into the shins of his servant. 
“Ouch!” Tupsid cried. 
Jade smirked at his idiot-servant but then realized, with displeasure, that his sneering visage was having no effect on Tupsid because his servant couldn’t see his expression through the small opening. 
“What words are written on the seal?” Jade snapped.
Tupsid stopped rubbing his legs and stepped towards the box. “There is a large red seal here.”
“Yes, I know.” Jade spoke slowly, with growing impatience. “What does it say?”
“It…It doesn’t say anything.”
“Yes. I know it doesn’t say anything. What is written there?” Really, how could the man be so dumb?
“There are no words written here, my Lord Jade.”
“You see no words or symbols written on the seal?”
“No, Lord Jade.”
Jade sat back against the cool metal wall of his prison and considered that. The words must be imbued with fairy power so that not everyone can read them. Hmmm… Perhaps there was some way to get out. If only he knew what Sky had written.
“What do I do now?” asked Tupsid.
Jade sighed and ran a hand through his smooth black hair. “Go find us something to eat.”

***

As the weeks turned to months, Jade’s rage grew. He was a prince, of royal blood. It was his destiny to be served in a fine castle, not be trapped in a cold metal box with nothing to look at but trees and an idiot. 
“I couldn’t catch any fish today. And I’m cold.” Tupsid was soaked and shivering. 
“I don’t care. Go find food for me.”
The little man wrapped his arms around himself. He was much leaner than when they’d first arrived. “Can’t I make a fire and warm up first?”
“No. Go now.” The leaves on the ground and the chill in the air told Jade winter must be on its way. From the steadily dropping temperature, he deduced that this region must get snow. It would be nice to see something different, something that sparkled. Tupsid would be cold but Jade could use his powers to stay warm. 
“Look, Jade…I’m no good to you dead. I need fire. I’ll freeze if I don’t get warm.” He turned away and started arranging wood for a fire.
“Jade? That’s Prince Jade to you! I said, find me food!”
“Prince Jade? Really? I bet you don’t look like a prince anymore. You stink. Did you know that? Just reek. And you keep yelling at me like a child having a temper tantrum. I’m making a fire.”
No one had ever spoken to him like that. The rage exploded into flame in his mind. “You want fire?” The man glanced in his direction, still with a placid expression on his face. Jade released the fire and, in an instant, Tupsid was burnt up. The forest was set ablaze. Flames licked up the dry leaves, igniting the tall trees. Jade pushed the fire out from within him until his rage subsided. By then, smoke had filled the little box and the metal walls were too hot to touch. Jade coughed. He shifted his thoughts and tried to extinguish the flames. But the fire had taken on a life of its own. Jade coughed and coughed, unable to control it. The heat in the metal box felt unbearable. But he was half elfin and half Asitellian. They were only a little less than immortal. They lived hundreds and hundreds of years though all kinds of circumstances. No, he wouldn’t die. A human man would die. Not Jade. No matter what happened to him here, Jade wouldn’t receive that comfort.
Hours later, when all was ash and silence, Jade was face down, curled up in a ball in his prison, exhausted. To combat the fierce heat that had surrounded him, he had expended most of his power. He was so terribly thirsty. But now, he was alone. 


Chapter 4

Fifteen-year-old Marigold carefully picked her way through the underbrush. Much of the growth had returned after last fall’s horrible fire. Now, in the spring, things were coming up green again. Many of the trees hadn’t been burned entirely - only scorched on the outside. Now, they were putting forth new buds. In her hand, she carried a woven basket that her mother had made. She was gathering early strawberries. They grew low to the ground. It was hard to see the little red berries that hung underneath the three-leafed plants. So Marigold walked slowly, eyes cast downwards. Her mother would make fresh jam and pie too, if she found enough. After she had finished her chores on the farm, she’d been given the day to go out picking. Her long brown hair was tied back in a braid and her brown eyes smiled, as did her lips. It wasn’t only getting to pick berries that pleased her. It was just being alone. The solace of the woods called to her like nothing else did. If she worked too long in her father’s fields, her pale skin burned. But here, in her woods, it was like she was home.
Marigold inhaled deeply. A beautiful, fresh spring morning. She knew these woods. Even if she went miles from the farm, she would know her way back. The woods were a friend to her. She had played amongst these trees since she was a child. It was almost as if there was something magical in the forest, at least for her. Marigold noticed that the fire damage was worse as she went along. Perhaps she was getting close to where it had started. Her parents had wondered at the cause. There had not been a storm that day so a lightening strike could not have started the fire. Her father thought that, perhaps, hunters had made a fire and then let it get out of control. The conditions were dry. But, somehow, last fall, as they had battled the blaze to keep it from the farmhouse and the barn, she had felt there was something…malicious in the flames. She had seen forest fires before. But never one like that. Then, there had been trouble in the village afterwards. A group of locals had claimed the wood sprites wanted vengeance for the fire. Some time after that, a man had been found murdered in the village. Marigold shook her head to try to clear away the disturbing memories.
Suddenly, she heard a sound, not unlike that of a man’s voice. She stood absolutely still. It was important hunters not find her out here all alone. Here, as everywhere, some people were good and some people were bad. And it wouldn’t do to take the risk. But Marigold was skilled at going unnoticed. She listened and stepped slightly to the side, to put herself beside a wide-trunked tree. Her feet made no sound in the grass. Marigold scanned as far as she could see in every direction. She saw nothing amiss. Trees and bush the color of ash. She heard the babble of the brook she knew so well - the one that meandered through the woods and then past her farmhouse. She walked silently in the direction she thought she thought the sound was coming from, looking everywhere as she went. 
Then she saw it. She could hardly believe her eyes. A strange metal box! It was too small to be a storage shed - too small for a man to stand in. Well…it couldn’t be a chicken coop. What a strange thing! It looked heavy. Could it be a trunk of some sort? Perhaps to hold valuables? She had never seen such a thing but she had heard that they existed. Even from this distance, she could see golden letters on the red seal that covered part of the top and side of the box where it looked like the box could be opened. She wanted to see what the golden letters said. It seemed…well it seemed as if the words glowed or sparkled. But surely it must just be the way the sunbeams are reflecting off the metal box. She wanted to inspect this strange…whatever it was. Marigold took one step towards it but, then, she remembered the sound. She saw a small, narrow window in the box. Her heart fluttered inside her. Surely not. Surely not. There could not be a person inside there. What kind of person would be placed in a box such as this? She knew the answer. Only someone very evil and very dangerous. What horrible thing could a person have done to deserve that kind of punishment? But…was he all right? Was he dying? Would he harm her? Could he? Marigold thought not. If someone were trapped in there, she reasoned, they would be well-trapped. There would be no way that someone inside there could harm her. Was there anyone else about? She strained her ears to listen. She thought that, perhaps, she heard breathing coming from the box. Marigold heard nothing else. She called out from where she stood, ready to run, should any danger present itself.
“Hello?” she called.
“Hello…” came a rough, strained voice from the box.
Marigold gasped at the sound. Perhaps it was not a man after all but a monster! She thought about leaving to tell her parents what she found. But this poor creature, whatever it was, might need help.
“Water,” croaked a raspy voice. “Water…”
Marigold’s brown eyes opened wide in fear. She struggled to calm her racing heart. So, it was trapped. It needed water. If it could get out, it would have gotten water itself, she reasoned. She looked around. She couldn’t carry water in a wicker basket. And there, partially covered by fallen leaves, was a metal cooking pot. Relieved, she scooped it up and dashed to the brook.
Jade felt her fear and then he felt her leave. His heart sank. After all this time…but, of course she would leave. And now he was alone again. Jade felt like crying but there was no moisture left in his body for such an act. He lowered himself to the floor and curled up. Sky was right. They should have executed him. It would have been kinder.
As Marigold returned to the small clearing, she hesitated. She carried the pot full of water with both hands. Clearly, the pot would not fit though the opening in the box. She could cup her hands and reach them into the box. But, no. She couldn’t help him that way. That would be too dangerous. What might the beast do to her then? She heard a quiet moan from within. Compassion welled up inside her. 
Jade opened his eyes and startled. Two delicate pink hands, dripping water, were being thrust through the opening into his prison. He sat up, cupped his hands underneath them, and drank the water from her hands. 
“More,” he croaked. Her hands returned with more water. Jade drank, again steadying her hands with his, enjoying the physical contact more than he cared to admit. 
Marigold felt a hairy face on her palms and grimy hands touching the backs of her hands. And she smelled a most horrible smell. Yes. Certainly, it was a monster. But, so far, it had not hurt her. She must help the poor thing.


Chapter 5

Several mouthfuls later, Jade remembered the frying pan. That would be a lot easier. But, then, he decided not to tell the girl. He liked drinking this way better. Even when his thirst had been quenched, he was reluctant to tell her he was finished with drinking because it had been so long since he had touched another person. “That’s enough,” he said, finally, when his shrunken stomach could hold no more. 
The girl withdrew her hands. Jade pressed his face to the opening. There she was. A pale girl with brown eyes and brown hair. A farm girl by the looks of her. Her clothing was simple but clean. Yes. She would make a fine servant. Much better than Tupsid ever was.
“I’m hungry,” he said. 
“Oh, I…” He saw the girl look down into a wicker basket that she carried. “Oh, here, I’ve been picking strawberries. You can have them.” She looked at the basket and then at the opening. After a slight hesitation, she scooped some berries into her hands and held them out to him. Jade wasn’t actually that hungry since his stomach was filled almost to bursting with water. But he had wanted to see what was in the basket. He’d hoped it was pastries. Those had always been his favorite when he lived at the castle. He pushed the thoughts of longing out of his mind. When he saw the small fresh ripe berries that she held, he did feel an echo of the gnawing hunger he’d felt constantly through the cold, dark winter. Carefully, he took the berries from her hands, one at a time, and ate them. He couldn’t see her when her hands were through the opening. And that really was too bad because she wasn’t unpleasant to look at. 
When he had finished the handful, he said, “That’s enough.”
“Alright,” said the girl. She sat back on her heels and peered into the small opening.
“Who are you?” he demanded.
“I’m Marigold. I live on a farm. It’s that way.” She pointed behind her. “It’s about seven miles away from here. I was out in the woods today, picking berries.”
“Well. That’s fortunate.”
“It is?”
“Yes, fortunate for me. Because now I have a new servant.”
Her eyes opened wide in surprise. Marigold stood and backed away from the window. He had said ‘servant’. No. She had to go back to her parents. Perhaps he was not truly wicked, only mad. She could see little in the darkness beyond the opening but she thought, perhaps, she did see two, gleaming green eyes. It was time to go.
“I’m glad I was able to give you food and water,” she said, taking another step away, “and I will return. I won’t let you die of thirst. And, tomorrow, I’ll bring you something even better to eat. I’ll bring you some of my mother’s bread,” she said kindly.
“Wait,” said Jade sternly. “Sit down.”
But the girl only smiled shyly. “I’m really sorry, but my parents are expecting me home soon.” She was backing away.
He tried to reach out with his power and compel her to come back. But it had been so long since he had used his power. He felt himself connect with her mind but only briefly. The girl cried out in surprise, turned, and ran. He couldn’t catch her again. She was like water slipping though his fingers. Jade shouted in anger and slammed his fist against the metal wall of his prison. The pain of the impact heightened his surge of emotions. She was gone. The girl would be a fool to return. He cursed his own stupidity. I should have said something else. Something that would have made her want to stay. But he had no idea what he could have said. 
Marigold ran through the woods as fast as her feet would carry her, the wicker basket now abandoned. She ran headlong, dodging tree branches and leaping over roots and stones. Her breath came in sharp gasps by the time the farmhouse was in sight. What had that beast done to her? What had it been trying to do? There was more than just a madman in that metal box! She threw open the door to her home. Her mother was cooking in the kitchen and her father was washing up for lunch. 
“You’re back so soon,” said her mother. Her auburn hair sparkled in the light of the sun that poured in the open doorway. Then, after turning and seeing her daughter’s face, she asked, “Is everything alright, Marigold?” Her mother’s crystal blue eyes were filled with concern.
“No,” Marigold gasped, barely able to get her words out through the panting. “Father, there was something in the woods!”
“What was it?” asked her father, concern in his brown eyes. “Wolves? A cougar? You know not to run from such things…what did you see, my child?”
But still Marigold could not speak. Her breath was too labored and…she didn’t know what to say. A magic box? He would not believe it! What was out there? “It was a box.”
“A box?” asked her mother.
“Yes…a metal box. And there was something inside it.”
“What?” asked her father. “What was inside it that has frightened you so?”
“I think…a man.”
Her mother broke into a gale of laughter. “Marigold,” she chided, “you are too old for such stories.”
“Mother, it’s true. I saw a box and inside was…I don’t know…a man or a monster or a madman or a devil. I don’t know.” She was crying now and Father came and took her hand.
“Marigold, my darling. You know we already talked to you about this, very seriously, two years ago. You scare yourself with such stories. You make up and imagine stories and then you think they’re real. Remember when I walked out with you those seven times into the woods? To see those fantastical things that you said you found?”
“Father, two years ago I was little more than a child.” She pulled her hand away from him and wiped her eyes. 
“You are still little more than a child,” said her father.
“I’m fifteen. Almost of marrying age. I know that I saw something.”
“Daughter, it is planting season and the weather is fine. You know I cannot go out into the woods with you tomorrow to look for whatever you say you found there…Marigold, I need you to stop telling such stories. You’re right; it’s true that you are almost of marrying age. If you talk crazy like this, no one will want you, child.”
“Yes,” said her mother sternly, all the laughter gone now from her blue eyes. “Everyone in the village heard what you said last time. The strange looks were so hurtful… And now that group in town claim there are wood sprites in this forest. We don’t want trouble. Daughter, it’s important you secure a good husband. You’re our only child. You need to find a man who will take over the farm and provide well for you and give you children. You want that, don’t you? More than these crazy stories of yours?”
“Yes, Mother but…”
“No more of this,” said her father. “Marigold, you know I love you. You know I have encouraged your creativity. And we have given you a lot of freedom. But not this time. Not more stories. I don’t want to hear of this again.”
“Yes,” agreed her mother. “No more of this, Marigold.” Tears welled in her crystal blue eyes.
“I don’t want you going to the woods tomorrow,” said her father sternly. “I want you to stay home for the rest of this week.”
Her mother nodded in solemn agreement.
Marigold felt the tears coming to her eyes again. “But…”
“No,” said her father, “and that’s my final word on the subject.”
Marigold went to her room, shut the door, sat down on her bed and cried. They would not believe her. And now she could not go back there for a week. The thing would die of thirst. Perhaps it was meant to be. It had been so frightening. Perhaps the thing was so evil that it should not live. Marigold felt heartsick but she would obey.


Chapter 6

Jade awoke, as though in a dream, to the sensation of her in his mind again. She was running towards him. Sunlight filtered down through his small window, lighting the dust motes, disguising them as sparkles. He struggled to sit and look out. Confusion washed over him. 
“Are you still there?” she asked.
“You came back!” The words were clear, not like words from someone who was almost dead, even though she had waited the rest of the week before returning. Marigold smiled in relief. 
It was day and there she was, her hair flowing loose down her shoulders and back. The simple farm girl looked like a princess, the way her hair shone. And her smile…it warmed his insides. 
 “I’ve brought something for you.” She held the basket out and passed rolls to Jade through the opening. “And here, I’ve brought a pan with water in it.” She passed the pan through to him. “It’s my mother’s pan. She’ll need it back so I’ll have to take it with me when I go.”
Jade drank water from the pan and ate one of the buns. The burning in his throat subsided and the aching in his gut abated. Marigold was crouching quite near to his prison. On closer inspection, her eyes didn’t seem brown…exactly…more amber in color. He sighed. She did have a pretty smile. How can she be here, when I frightened her so? Surely it was a dream. He willed the realization not to pull him from it. He had so many dreams of…peace. It was only the dreams that helped him keep his sanity. 
“Can I have the pan back now?” she asked cautiously. There was concern in her eyes. “I must get back to my parents. They told me not to be long. I must obey them closely now or they will forbid me from coming to the forest at all.”
Jade drank the rest of the water quickly and passed the pan back to the girl. He didn’t want this dream to end badly. He wanted to see her keep smiling at him. She dropped four more small buns into his prison. 
“I’ll come back tomorrow,” she promised. “I’m a fast runner. I don’t think my parents will miss me.”
He didn’t say anything. Only watched her go. As she ran, her flowing hair caught the shafts of sunlight that filtered through the branches above. Then Jade closed his eyes and let the nothingness return.
Later Jade awoke to the buzzing of a fly. He swatted at it and his hand knocked something on the floor of his prison. What is that? He opened his eyes and tried to focus in the dimness. A bun. Jade came fully awake and sat up quickly. There were four buns on the metal floor. She had really been there. It hadn’t been a dream after all. Jade scrambled to his narrow window and looked out. The shadows were longer now. It was evening. He picked up one of the buns and ripped off a piece with his teeth. But she had been here. Marigold had come back. Relief washed over him. She would come again. He wouldn’t be alone. Jade tried to harden himself. He couldn’t let her control his emotions. But the positive feelings wouldn’t stay away. What did it matter if he were glad that the girl would come to visit him? He would hide it. She wouldn’t even know. Jade swallowed and smiled. He wouldn’t try to force her to stay with him or do things for him. He’d be smarter this time. Jade made himself consider how he had lost Tupsid. He would have to be more careful.
Marigold lay in bed and considered all that had happened. He wasn’t dead. And when she’d returned, it had been fine. He didn’t tell her she had to be his servant or try…whatever it was he had done last time. What kind of creature is he? Is he simply a man or is he a beast after all? Time would tell. For now, she would be glad that he was alive and that things had gone better. Perhaps…well…perhaps, they might be friends.


Chapter 7

The next day, Marigold returned, as promised. Jade grinned like an idiot; he was glad she couldn’t see his expression.
“Do you know how to make pastries?” he asked, after receiving the brown buns from her hand.
“Pastries? Yes, my mother and I sometimes make pastries when we have time. It is more often in the winter when there are fewer chores to do around the farm.”
“I would like it if you would bring me pastries. That’s what I ate when I lived in the castle.” 
“Castle?” asked Marigold. “Who are you?”
“Prince Jade,” he said miserably. “The second prince of Kedrin.”
Marigold gasped. “No.” She stumbled to her feet and backed away. “We heard that he was a monster, evil since birth, and that he had tried to murder our new king, King Tristan, and that now he was banished from the kingdom forever.”
Jade didn’t say anything. What was there to say? That his only regret was not acting sooner? It should be his descendants on the throne, not Tristan’s. He saw the fear and indecision in her brown eyes and felt it echoed in her heart. Would she run?
“Look, I’ll be careful, okay?”
“It was you…the fire from last fall. You did that, didn’t you?”
“I did.”
“Why?”
“I was angry.”
“I have to go now,” she said timidly.
“You forgot your mother’s pan.” Jade quickly drank the remaining water and held it out to her. Hesitantly, she came closer and snatched it from his hand. “What is written on the seal?” he asked.
“Written on the seal?” Marigold looked confused for a moment as she stared at the seal on the box. “Oh!”
Golden lettering shifted into sight, shimmering on the red seal. How had she forgotten about the words which she had seen when she first discovered the strange metal box? 
Do not open unless the one within loves you. Do not read these words aloud. By order of the king.
“Oh!” she said again. This was Prince Jade then. How would he ever find someone to love out here?
“Oh, what?” asked Jade.
“I can’t say.”
“Why not?” he asked, with growing impatience.
“I’m not supposed to read it out loud.”
“Paraphrase it.”
“I think the idea is that you’re not supposed to know what it says.”
“Does it explain how the seal can be broken? How the box can be opened?”
Marigold bit her lower lip and looked to the ground. So. She wouldn’t tell him. He could probably force her to say it. Maybe. Or, maybe, he’d just end up killing her. He looked away to calm his rising fury. 
“You may go,” he said sharply.
Marigold ran as fast as she could through the trees towards her family’s farmhouse. Her head was full with what she’d just learned. He was Prince Jade! And the seal said he could get out if he loved someone. How could she help him? Should she help him? If she could, she should. Marigold resolved to continue to bring him food and water, in any case. She knew the royal family was of the elfin kind. Marigold didn’t know any elves or fairies. Did the king expect that fairies would find him in this wood? She used to think that she saw fairies sometimes…but that was the foolishness her parents wanted her to put out of her mind. Marigold always did have a very active imagination. If not fairies, then who could he love? Ah! The message didn’t say ‘in love’ or specify that it had to be romantic love. Perhaps, if she were kind to him, Prince Jade would come to love her as a friend. She slowed as she neared home. Marigold smoothed her dress and tried to calm her breathing. Should she tell her parents what she had learned? No. They had made it clear they wanted to hear no more of it. She felt badly because she always told her parents everything. Marigold sighed and sent up a little prayer for wisdom. Please help me to do right.
 And so it was that Marigold continued to visit Jade every day throughout the spring and summer, bringing him food and water each time she came. They talked together during her visits. She would tell him things about life on the farm or about what had happened in the nearby village. Jade would tell her about growing up in the castle. He found that she laughed easily. The light, airy sound and the sparkle in her eyes made something squeeze inside his chest. He began to try to say things that he knew would make her laugh. It was mostly ‘imagine this situation’ or ‘what if someone said that’. Because Prince Jade’s real life had not been very funny. When Marigold laughed so hard that tears formed into her eyes and spilled out onto her cheeks, Jade couldn’t help but laugh too. It was a good feeling. 


Chapter 8

Then, one day, Marigold didn’t come. For three days, Jade was alone. He tried to reach out to her with his mind but the farmhouse was too far away. Had something happened? Or had she simply changed her mind about helping him? The old, familiar anger rose up inside him like a dragon. But there was nothing he could do. He would not burn the forest again. The experience had been too painful. Jade slammed his fist against the metal wall but, still, Marigold did not arrive.
When she came into the woods on the fourth day, he felt her a long time before he saw her. She approached slowly and there was pain in her mind.
Jade’s simmering anger dissipated. “Marigold! What has happened?” he called, peering though his small window. Then, finally, she limped into sight, carrying the familiar wicker basket. Tears glistened in her eyes and on her cheeks. Marigold collapsed in front of his prison. Grief rolled off her in waves. 
“I’m sorry I’ve been away these three days. My mother died.”
What could he say? Jade had felt nothing when his own parents died. He felt more now. This kind girl who was like the sun to him… “This should not have happened.” She didn’t deserve this. What had she ever done wrong? Anger flashed up from his core and he struggled to see through it. Wasn’t there anything he could do for her? He wished to tear his metal prison to shreds so he could hold her in his arms…if she would even like such a thing…from him.
“It was an accident. We were going to town and then there was a thunderstorm. The thunder spooked one of the horses and the carriage tipped over. My ankle was hurt so I could hardly stand on it. Then I saw that the carriage had landed on Mother. I couldn’t get it off. Finally Father came to see what was taking us so long. She lived for two days more but we knew something terrible was wrong with her because she wouldn’t wake up. The doctor said he couldn’t do anything for her. Then she died.”
“It’s not right that you should be robbed of your mother forever,” said Jade vehemently. “It’s just not right.”
 Marigold wiped her face. “It’s not forever. I know I’ll see her again. In heaven.”
“Heaven,” Jade scoffed. “When I was a child, I thought I was god. But now I know better. God doesn’t exist. And if he does, he’s just some power-hungry, sneering, cruel monster!” he shouted.
Marigold looked angry now. “That’s not what God is like.” She passed a pan filled with water through the slot towards him.
Jade took the pan and opened his mouth to shout at her again. No. He closed his eyes and his mouth and tried to force the anger away. If she believed in heaven and that gave her comfort, why try to take that from her? Jade took a drink of the cool water. Then he looked at her. Marigold’s arms were crossed in front of her and her mouth formed a hard line. She was still angry.
“I’m sorry,” he said. As the words came out, they surprised him. He had never said that before. Jade wasn’t sorry for what he thought about God. But he was sorry that he had upset Marigold when she was already hurting.
“I forgive you,” said Marigold. “But it’s not true…what you said about God. I know that God is love. I hope that, one day, you see the truth.”
Now it was Jade’s turn to clench his jaw. What did it matter to him if she believed such foolishness? She deserved to be happy. He would not try to take that from her. Jade took a bite of the brown bread she’d given him and chewed, contemplating. Was there anything he could do for her? Then Jade had an idea. “May I try something?” he asked. 
“Umm…okay. What?” asked Marigold.
“Hmm…Here, let me see.” Jade squeezed his eyes shut tight. He’d never attempted such a thing before but he had heard it was possible with the elfin kind. He opened his eyes in defeat. Nothing had happened. “Maybe I need to make physical contact with you,” he said. Marigold looked startled. “Lift your injured foot up to the window here.” Jade reached his arm through the small, rectangular opening in his prison. 
Marigold gasped. His hand and arm were filthy. The black sleeve was tattered and little more than rags. His fingernails were long and jagged. He was a monster! His view of God…that wasn’t God at all. That was him! He was the one he had been describing. But Marigold was glad she was able to refrain from saying so. 
“Come over here Mari. Let me touch your foot.” 
She shuddered inwardly at the thought. But he had touched her hands before. What difference would it make if he touched her foot? So she shifted and lifted her foot up to his reaching fingertips. 
Jade felt her warm skin and tried to concentrate. He made a shift in his mind and felt the power flow through him. 
Marigold gasped again. Jade pulled his hand back in so he could look out the window. “Did you feel something?” he asked.
The girl was wide-eyed and scrambling away. “What did you do?” she asked. “If this is some sort of witchcraft, I want no part in it.”
“It’s not witchcraft.” Jade laughed. “Your ankle - it feels better now, doesn’t it?”
“Yes,” said Marigold, cautiously.
“Ha! I did that. It’s not witchcraft,” he repeated. “It’s because I’m of the elfin kind.”
Marigold sat back down. She smiled a little. “Thank you, Jade. Thank you for helping me.”
Jade grinned. “That’s the first time I ever did anything good with my power. The first time!”
“And, how did you like it?” asked Marigold.
“Well, actually, I liked it a lot. It was a lot more fun than I thought it would be.” Jade laughed nervously. 
Marigold laughed a little too and blushed. “I can’t stay away too much longer,” said Marigold. “I don’t want to worry Father. And I already took a long time walking here because I had to come so slowly.”
“Wait, Marigold. Don’t go yet. I…”
“Yes?” she prompted. “What is it, Jade?”
“Never mind.” There was defeat or resignation in his voice. “Do you think you’ll be able to come back tomorrow?”
“Yes, I’ll come back tomorrow.” She smiled, got up, took her basket and walked away through the colorful, fallen leaves.
Was he going to say that he loved her or was it something else he had wanted to say? Should she say it first, in hopes of prompting him? But did she love him at all? Marigold wasn’t sure. She liked talking with him now but… love? When it came right down to it, she didn’t trust him. Marigold sighed. She felt sorry for Jade. He had done something good. Too bad that wasn’t enough to let him out.


Chapter 9

For a while after her mother’s death, Marigold was quieter and more withdrawn. She didn’t laugh as easily. Often, when she first arrived, it looked like she had been crying.
“My mother said that, when I turned sixteen, we would have a serious talk. She said she’d tell me some special, important things that I needed to know. Today’s my birthday. We would have had our special talk today. Just the week before she died, she told me that she had something magical to tell me and she had a special twinkle in her eye. Now I’ll never know the things she would have said.”
“What do you think the talk was going to be about?” asked Jade.
Marigold swiped the tears from her face, smiled, blushed, and waved away the question with her hand. “Oh, probably just things about what it’s like to be married and a wife. Father says that Auntie will talk with me about those things on Sunday after church, since I am of marrying age. But it won’t be the same. It won’t be anything…” Marigold sighed. “My mother…she was so wonderful. When I was younger, she would come with me into the woods. And we would laugh and play together here. I miss her.”
“Happy Birthday, Mari. I’m sorry, I neglected to get you anything.”
Marigold smiled and made a small, half-hearted laugh.
“But look, you’ve brought me something on your birthday instead. Bread and a smile.” Jade studied her face as she smiled shyly and looked down. Oh, to be out of this prison.

***

“What’s wrong, Mari?” There was anger in her countenance. 
“Auntie has convinced Father that it would be better for me to get married soon. Father and I will go visit the family Auntie suggested next Sunday. They have a son who is just a little older than I.”
“This angers you?”
“Yes! Who is she to me that she should tell Father what should happen to me?”
Jade was glad Marigold was angry but he had hoped it was for a different reason, though he knew his thoughts were utter foolishness. She was no fairy princess and he was no peasant farmer.
“I don’t want to get married yet. And, in all honesty… I don’t want to farm. I know that father would be disappointed but I just don’t want to live in that house all my life, the house where I lost Mother. I want to travel, to see different places, and meet different people. She can’t make me marry him.”
“No, she can’t,” murmured Jade. He liked to see the fire in her eyes. 
She smiled then. “Thank you, Jade, for being my friend and listening to me. Before I met you I didn’t have anyone to talk with, really.”
He wanted to tell her how much he enjoyed her company. But caring for someone else… that made you weak. He couldn’t help grinning but he was glad she couldn’t see it. He had to be in control. At least of his feelings, if nothing else.

***

“He’s not so bad as I supposed,” said Marigold, flopping down beside his prison. 
“Who?” asked Jade.
“Jacob. That man my father made me meet today. He seems nice, relaxed. He’s quiet and he’s kind to his younger brothers and sisters. I liked him more than I thought I would.”
Jade didn’t speak. It had been a while since he had felt his anger flaming out of control. But he felt it now. He closed his eyes. What did it matter if she liked the peasant farmer? She was only a well-treated servant to him, nothing more. But his heart knew it wasn’t true.
“Why aren’t you saying anything?” she asked.
“Why do you insist on telling me about your pathetic little issues and feelings?” he sneered. “Just give me the food and water and be gone.”
Marigold shifted onto her knees and passed the food and water in through the slot to Jade. “I don’t understand why you’re so angry.”
“That’s because you’re an idiot,” he snapped.
Marigold blinked back tears. “Jade…I thought we were friends.”
“You thought wrong.”
The tears spilled out onto her cheeks. “If I’ve done something to upset you, I wish you’d just tell me what I did wrong.”
Jade drank the water from the pan in huge gulps that hurt his chest going down. Then he flung the empty metal tray at her. It hit her in the shoulder. Marigold yelped and scrambled away in surprise. “Go,” he commanded.
She retrieved the pan from where it had fallen and wiped the tears from her face. “Jade…I don’t understand.”
“Go home now,” he insisted.
She saw the hard, cold, green eyes gleaming out of the darkness within the box. Marigold backed away. Somehow she had hurt him. But she didn’t know how to fix it. Evil swirled about the woods. The scent of it drove her from him. Marigold ran. All that night, as she lay awake in bed, she couldn’t shake the feeling that something was very wrong.
The next afternoon, when she was just about to leave to take food and water to Jade, Jacob arrived with a bouquet of orange and yellow flowers for her. 
“Oh! What a surprise!” she said, a little thrown off and unsure what to do next. Father grinned at her from behind the young man. Marigold took the flowers.
“They’re marigolds. Just like you.” Jacob grinned at her.
Marigold giggled.
“Why don’t you take Jacob along on your walk though the woods?” said Father.
“No,” said Marigold. “But I could show you the farm,” she suggested.
His face lit up. “I’d like that a lot. I love farming. Our family used to have a farm before Pa died and we had to move in with my uncle’s family in town.”
“I think you’ll like our farm. Father has done a very good job with it.” 
“Yes, I could see that as I drove in. The place looks very well taken care of…Marigold, I’m really glad you and your father came to visit my family yesterday. I’ve seen you at church…I’ve always wanted to talk to you but I didn’t know what to say.”
Marigold smiled. Jacob liked her. Marigold went into the kitchen to put the flowers in water and then she took Jacob for a walk around the farm.


Chapter 10

There was a chill in the air. Jade knew winter would soon return. Marigold was usually here by this time. What is keeping her? He reached out with his mind, stretching to the limits of his power. His mental power had grown in strength as his physical body matured. Now he was just able to reach her. She was still at the farm. He saw through her eyes. A man. A peasant farmer. They were walking through fields of long stalks of grain. Jade bellowed in rage, slamming his fist against the metal wall of his prison. The impact did not sever his connection to Marigold’s mind. He saw the peasant smiling at his Marigold. Rage clouded his vision, burning hotter than it ever had before. Jade reached out with his mind to kill. Fire burst forth from the metal box, flaming the forest and then the farm. Burning hotter and hotter. Jade poured his power into the flames. No peasant would have his Marigold. With the last of his power spent, he put his head down into his hands. What have I done? The rage turned to cold fear and then bitter regret. Tears came to his eyes. Marigold! And now what could he do? The flames were beyond his control. And she was probably already dead. Jade wept into his hands in remorse. He could not take back what he had done. He lay down and curled up into a ball as the thick smoke choked him. Searing heat burned his skin as Jade waited for the relief of unconsciousness to take him away from his guilt.

***

Marigold opened her eyes. Pain. She was on her back looking up at the ceiling. The town hospital. She was swathed in white bandages from head to toe. Suddenly, the she remembered what had happened. The fire. It had been Jade! He tried to kill her! Why? Tears flowed from her eyes and moistened the white gauze on her face. Jacob! She looked from side to side but she didn’t see him. Did he live? And what of Jade? She was called to forgive him. And she would. Somehow she would. 
When she woke again, the doctor was there.
“Jacob? Is he alright?”
The doctor shook his head gravely. He is too badly burned. I’ve done what I can for the lad but he will not live.” Tears filled her brown eyes. “To be frank, I thought we’d lose you too. Your situation is still serious. But you are improving.”
“And Father?” asked Marigold.
“He was near the creek and was able to get into the water. Your father is fine.” Relief washed over her. “I’ve never seen a fire like that,” remarked the doctor. The boys worked on it for five days until they got it out. And now there are those in town claiming the wood sprites are angry and that they’re requiring retribution for what has been done to their land, again. The fire burned clear to the foothills of the mountain. The damage is much more severe than last year.”
“What kind of retribution?”
“A man’s life. The police never did find out who committed that murder last year.”
“That’s crazy talk. Elves never call for human blood!”
The doctor shook his head. “I know, I know, but some folk have been working themselves up into a lather over it, that’s for sure. But you rest now. They won’t be coming here.”
“How long have I been here?” asked Marigold.
“Six days,” replied the doctor. “Jacob is fading fast. It won’t be long now.”
Marigold left the hospital that afternoon, against the doctor’s advice. She just had to see Jade. Her father scowled at her as she winced in pain each time the carriage bumped. When they got home, she pretended to go to bed. Her father and men from the village had built a new home on the foundation of the old one. The home she had grown up in had burned to the ground. Their new house was still little more than an empty shell. The only furniture and household goods they had now were items that had been donated by neighbors unaffected by the fire and people in the village. In her room was a small pallet on the floor. She lowered herself to the mat and closed her eyes. 
Her father watched from the doorway for a few moments. “Are you sure you’re going to be alright? I need to go work in the yard. Are you going to be okay, Marigold?”
“I will be fine, Father.”
Once Marigold heard the front door close, she quietly got up and looked out the window. Father was working in the new barn. Their farming friends, who lived across the river, had been kind, and each had donated an animal or two. He wouldn’t see her leave. Marigold hurried into the ash-grey woods.
“Jade!” she called, “Jade!” as she hobbled through an ankle-deep layer of soot. 
Dreaming of her again. Jade thought he heard her calling his name. In most of his dreams, she was smiling. But now she sounded angry. And why wouldn’t she be, after what he’d done? Because she was dead; that’s why she wouldn’t be angry. She wouldn’t be anything anymore. Ever again. He shifted position on the hard metal floor. But still he heard her voice calling his name. 
“Don’t you pretend to be sleeping! Why did you do that, Jade?”
His eyes shot open. There she was, peering in his tiny window. But there were white bandages all over her face.
“Marigold!”
“Why did you do it, Jade?!”
“You’re not dead!”
“No. I’m going to live. But Jacob’s going to die. Why did you do it?”
Joy curdled to guilt in his gut. “I’m sorry, Mari. I’m so sorry. If I could take it back, I would. I just...it was like I couldn’t control myself.”
“That explains nothing. Why did you send that fire after me? What did I ever do to you?”
“Maybe I could heal you…”
“No. I want nothing from you. You’re not touching me.”
Jade was silent for a moment. “Can you bring Jacob here? Perhaps I could help.”
She paused for a moment. “I think he’s too badly injured to be moved from the hospital. He’d just die on the way. The doctor said Jacob’s fading fast. He couldn’t even wake up when I said goodbye to him.” Her voice held less fire now. “But Jade, you must answer. Why?”
“Surely you must know my thoughts,” he said quietly, not looking at her.
“And just how would I know your thoughts,” she snapped, “since you never told me?” Marigold put her hands on her hips.
“It’s because I didn’t want you to marry someone else. Because…because I love you.”
“That’s not love, Jade. You hurt me! Almost killed me!”
“I know what I did was wrong. But I do love you, Marigold.”
The words on the seal shimmered and seemed to glow more brightly. “What did you just say?”
“No one ever taught me how to love. I don’t think anyone ever really loved me. But I do love you. However imperfectly, I do. I love you, Marigold.”
The words increased in brightness so that it hurt her eyes to look at them. The one within loved her. Now she could let him out. That was good because she did not wish to visit him again, to bring him food and water. She ripped the seal away and threw back the heavy metal lid. Marigold had to step back to escape the stench that wafted from the open crate. The black hair on his head and face were long and matted. His skin was caked in filth. And, clearly, his insides were like his outsides. Utterly vile.
“It was a wicked thing you have done. You’re a monster,” she said vehemently. Marigold turned and walked away. She knew she should tell him that she forgives him. But the other words had come out instead.
The sudden brightness of the light frightened Jade. He was free! He looked up to see the ash gray trees and he felt a cold breeze on his face. Free!


Chapter 11

“Mari, wait!” He tried to get up. Jade couldn’t stand fully upright because of the stiffness in his back. He put one leg over the side of the box and then the other. He teetered uncertainly as he watched her retreating figure. At least she isn’t running. He hobbled after her, still hunched over. “Mari, wait! Please!” It was true. I am a monster. Why did she let me out? Jade tripped over a root buried in the loose soot and sprawled on the ground. “Marigold! Please! Please come back,” he called. She looked back and saw that he had fallen. Marigold stopped. Slowly she made her way back to him.
“Why did you let me out?” he asked.
“That was the message on the seal. Do not open unless the one within loves you.”
What irony. The terrible irony. Jade was sure Sky had something else in mind when she wrote that. Something far different than the current situation. “If you take me to Jacob I will try to help him.”
Her narrowed eyes widened. “You would do that?”
“Yes.”
Marigold crouched down and stared into Jade’s green eyes. They were less frightening by day’s light. Can I trust him? Jade looked down. His eyes held sorrow. He would try to help Jacob.
“Okay.” She stood and reached down to pull him to his feet. Marigold cringed as his filthy hand touched hers. 
Her skin felt so soft to the touch. But she hated him. As soon as he had gained his feet, she pulled her hand away. He followed her slowly, in the direction of the farmhouse. Everywhere he looked was charred evidence of his destruction. After healing the peasant farmer, Jade would go away. But he didn’t know where he would go. He had despaired of being released for so long…his former plans of revenge somehow seemed like foolishness now.
Jade rested against a tree where the forest ended. His leg muscles burned. Marigold continued across the farmyard to the house. What would her father say? What would he do? And what about the people in the village? They would be angry about the fire. And what would they do when they found out who he was? Jade’s powers were still weak after his years in captivity. He leaned his forehead against the rough, scorched bark of the tree. Jade’s legs gave out and he slumped to the ground. He stretched out flat on his back. I just need a moment to rest…
“You’re sleeping? Aren’t you coming?” Marigold had come back and was standing with her hands on her hips, looking down at him. 
Jade sat up and rubbed at his eyes. He felt a wave of guilt every time he saw her. Almost all of her skin was covered in white gauze. She would be so horribly scarred. 
“Let’s go. I told my father you need a ride to town. He’s agreed to drive us. But I didn’t tell him who you are or what you’ve done.”
With effort, Jade pushed himself to his feet. He staggered across the yard to the waiting carriage.
“You found him in the woods?” asked her father, with concern on his face. “We could help him here, you know. He looks like he needs food and he sure could use a good bath.” Her father made a face as Jade climbed up the steps into the open carriage. 
“He needs to get to town,” Marigold replied.
Jade cherished the feeling of the cool, fresh wind blowing through his hair. The trees whipped by as the horses pounded down the path towards the village. 
“Please stop here, Father,” said Marigold, once they had reached the main street in the village. “We’re going to the hospital.”
Father stopped the carriage. “The doc’s not going to appreciate having a vagabond in there. And the boy’s not injured.” He looked Jade up and down.
“He’s going to help Jacob,” said Marigold.
“And just how’s he going to do that?” Her father looked at Jade with suspicion. 
“He’s of the elfin kind.”
“He is of the elfin kind? Child, I don’t think so.”
Jade brought a ball of red crackling light to his hands, then he threw his arms up, letting the power dissipate into the air. The skepticism fled the man’s face and was replaced by fear.
“Who is he?” her father whispered.
Someone behind them yelled for her father to stop blocking the road. Marigold jumped down from the carriage. Jade followed her. Her father called his question after them, before having to move the carriage off the roadway. 
They went into the hospital. Marigold quickly led the way to the room where Jacob was resting.
“Jacob, Jacob…” But her gentle voice could not rouse the sleeping man. He was wrapped in white gauze from head to foot. Only his closed eyes weren’t covered with the bandaging.
“Let me try,” said Jade. He put a dirty hand to the man’s chest. It shocked him to see his own hand, to see what he’d become. No wonder Marigold had called him a monster. He closed his eyes and concentrated. The man was very badly injured. But still, Jade felt he could heal him, though it would take many days. He poured a slow stream of energy into the injured peasant. The overwhelming pain dissipated and the blackness left the man’s mind. Jade pulled his hand away as Jacob opened his eyes.
“Is he better?” asked Marigold.
“Far from it. But I need to rest my powers for a moment.”
“Jacob! You’re awake!”
He smiled weakly. “I’m glad to see you’re up and about,” he said. “I didn’t think we were going to make it. I felt sure I was going home.”
“Jacob, this is Jade. He is of the elfin kind. Jade has the healing touch and he’s going to help you.”
“Jade?” The man’s eyes went wide. “The banished prince?”
“He was imprisoned,” Marigold explained, “but he’s just been released.”
“Thank you, Prince Jade, for your kindness.” 
Jade looked down. “I started the fire. I tried to kill you because…because I wanted Marigold all to myself.” Jade heard a commotion out in the hall and looked in that direction.
A mob of young men burst through the door to the room. “There he is!” cried one of them, raising a long knife. Jade instinctively backed away from the mob, looking for another exit. But he didn’t see one. Marigold was beside him. 
“Stay behind me, Mari,” he whispered.
“Hold on, you! What are you boys doing in here?” demanded the doctor, moving in front of them to block their path.
“That’s the one that started the fire!” The ringleader pointed at Jade. Now the wood sprites want blood!”
“Nonsense,” said the doctor. “Now, get out of my hospital!”
“Outta our way, old man!” The ringleader pushed the white-haired doctor violently and stormed towards Jade. He slashed at Jade with his knife. Jade was too slow in erecting a shield of power. The knife sliced deeply into his thigh. Jade gasped in pain and pushed crackling red energy out from himself in all directions. The young men were pushed away but Jade knew he couldn’t hold them off for long. The crackling light fluctuated. Jade furrowed his brow in concentration. Marigold was safe beside him, so long as he could hold the shield. 
“What’s happening?” asked Jacob, weakly, trying to sit up in bed. 
The mob moved towards Jacob. “Firestarter, stop with that red power - whatever you’re doing, or he will pay the price for you!” the ringleader said pointing at Jacob. “The wood sprites call for retribution!”
Jade couldn’t drop his shield or then they would kill him! Jade stood and limped in Jacob’s direction to try to save him, though his power was fading.
“I accept,” said Jacob. Then he looked at Jade. “I forgive you. Everything’s okay. I know where I’m going. There will be no darkness there. I’m at peace.”
Jade dropped his shield but it was too late. The ringleader plunged his knife down into Jacob’s chest. Then he yanked the blade out. “The wood sprites are satisfied!” He turned and ran, and the other youths followed him.
“No!” cried Marigold. “Jacob!” She hurried to his bedside, but he was already gone. 
Jade had felt his soul depart. There was nothing he could do for the peasant farmer now. Jade felt that he had killed the man. Yet, now, I am free. Tears came to his eyes and spilled out onto his cheeks. It just didn’t make any sense. 


Chapter 12

Marigold felt stunned, as they travelled back down the dirt road in the open carriage. Her father was driving and Jade sat beside her. It just happened so fast. Jacob... She saw that the gash in Jade’s thigh was already healing. He was staring off into the woods that lined the road, not looking at her.
“Poor boy,” said her father, meaning Jacob. “But at least his family was prepared for his passing.”
“But Jade could have healed him!”
“His mother doesn’t know that.”
Jade swallowed and blinked back tears. He looked farther away from her. “It was my fault. I started the fire.”
Marigold’s father turned to look back at him. “Who are you?”
“Prince Jade.”
“No.” Marigold’s father stared at him. “It should have been you,” he spat. “I should put you out of this cart right this moment.”
“Yes.”
“Are you a danger to us? To my daughter?”
“I don’t know,” he whispered, not meeting her father’s eyes.
“Father, please let Jade wash and give him food before he leaves.”
Jade looked down and didn’t say anything.
Her father pursed his lips. “Very well.”
When they arrived home, Jade stood in her kitchen, looking awkward while she heated water for his bath. Once she had poured the water into the bathing tub, she turned to go, to give the prince his privacy.
“Thank you, Mari,” he said quietly. 
She looked back into his face and saw his intense green eyes looking right at her. She didn’t look away. “You’re welcome.”
“No matter how many times I say I’m sorry…it doesn’t make it right. It doesn’t fix it.”
“No. But Jacob forgave you. So wherever he is, he’s not holding anything against you.”
“I don’t understand that,” Jade whispered. Then he blinked away moisture from his eyes again. “I don’t understand any of this. Meeting you has…well…I feel myself changing. I see something different in you. Something I want.”
Marigold felt a stern look coming over her features. 
Jade’s mouth turned up in a smirk. “I didn’t mean…I meant your goodness, your kindness…” Regaining his composure, he said, “For what it’s worth, I am sorry, Marigold.”
“I forgive you,” she murmured. Then she turned and left Jade to his bath.
Jade washed and scrubbed at his hands in the washing basin. Then he took a kitchen knife and trimmed his nails. They had grown into horrible, yellowed claws. He looked in the mirror. His green eyes looked back at him. His black beard came almost to his chest. Formidable. Fierce. Not the look he was going for. With the knife, he hacked off huge tufts of beard hair. Then he lathered soap and applied the white froth to his long stubble. Using the straight edge that Marigold’s father had given him, he carefully shaved. It had been so long the motions felt awkward. 
She had said that she forgave him. Was that just a thing to say? Or would she truly not hold this against him? If she didn’t hate him, if she wouldn’t remain angry at him, maybe he could stay – at least for a while. Jade stepped into the steaming water with his mind whirling. The warm wetness felt good against his skin, soaking away the grime. He scrubbed himself with the cloth that Mari had left for him. Then, still sitting in the tub, he went after his hair with the comb and the oils that sat on the wooden ledge. His hair was so matted. But it was too long now anyway. He reached for the knife on the table and cut his hair off just a little shorter than shoulder length. Then Jade was able to get through it with the comb. He stepped out of the tub, frowning at the murky water. He would like to have servants that he could call to draw him another bath. But the towel would just have to do to take off the rest. Jade dried quickly. 
He would like to stay with Marigold, even though nothing could ever come of it. Perhaps they would let him stay until spring, seeing that winter was near. He slipped on her father’s shirt and trousers, cinching the belt tight. He was surprised the pants weren’t too long. Marigold’s father was a tall man. Jade realized that he must have grown significantly during his two years of confinement. He looked at himself in the mirror. The clothing certainly left something to be desired. But the rest was familiar, close to how he remembered himself. He breathed in and then let the air out shakily. Now to face her.
But, in the hall, he met her father waiting for him instead. “You cleaned up well.”
“I’m sorry,” said Jade. “I’m sorry about Marigold, the farm…everything.”
“Yeah, so Marigold said. What are your plans now?”
Jade looked down and then up into the man’s eyes. “I would like to stay until spring.”
“And, if I said no?” 
“I would go. I’m not going to cause any more problems.”
“Mmmm…” he said. “I’ll put the question to Marigold and see what she says. The girl’s been through a lot. You wait here.”
Jade nodded. The older man walked down the short hall to Marigold’s room. He returned a few minutes later. “She says you can stay. Marigold will talk with you now if you want.”
Jade went to pass her father but the older man put his arm up across the hall, blocking Jade’s way. He leaned towards Jade and spoke quietly. “She’s my flesh and blood. Don’t you hurt her again.”
“I won’t.”
“I’m giving you this second chance because…I was lost once too.”
Jade nodded, not really understanding, and continued on down the hall to Marigold’s room. When he went in, he saw her sitting on a pallet on her floor. Bandages still covered most of her skin but what flesh was exposed was red and puckered. Again he felt a wave of guilt. She didn’t look up.
“I’m sorry…” he began.
“I’ve already forgiven you. I don’t want to dwell on that anymore. I’m not going to hold it against you.”
“Thank you, Mari.”
“And about what you said before…” she continued to look down, picking at a thread on the mattress. “I do love you, Jade. I’ve enjoyed our talks so very much. I love you as a friend.”
Jade nodded but then realized she wasn’t looking at him. He swallowed and answered quietly, “I know. Thank you.”
She looked up then and their eyes met. No longer was he the wounded, filthy monster. There, in her doorway, stood Prince Jade, wearing her father’s clothing. Her mouth dropped open in surprise.
“What?” he asked, smoothing the rough farm clothing against his body and looking down at himself.
“Nothing,” she stammered, flushing, immediately aware of the white gauze she wore all over. It was a funny way to meet a prince.
“What? Don’t I look okay?” he asked.
“You look…fine…nice, I mean.” She looked away, flustered. It had been easier when he had looked like a monster.


Chapter 13

That evening, sitting around the simple, rough wooden table, Jade felt peace. The room was dim, lit only by the light of the fire and a few candles. They ate potatoes, chicken, and gravy. Marigold smiled at him from time to time, though they spoke little. He ate until his stomach pained.
“It will be good to have another hand on the farm,” said her father. “Ever since Marigold’s mother died...there is too much work for two. And now that Marigold’s been injured, she won’t be able to help as much, not for a while, anyway. The doc said she needs to be careful not to get any dirt in the burns.”
“Marigold, I know you declined initially, but I could help you if you like. I want to do it. I hurt you. Please let me heal you.”
Marigold looked at her father.
“How could you do it?” he asked.
“With my elfin powers.”
“You were going to let him try to heal Jacob, Marigold. So why not you?”
Marigold sighed. “I was angry when I told you no. Please do try. I don’t want to be a burden around here. I want to be better so I can help.”
Jade smiled as relief washed over him. He closed his eyes, a smile still on his lips. Purple light swirled from him, gently washing over Marigold. 
She looked at the purple light in wide-eyed wonder. It wasn’t frightening like the red light she had seen from him before. The purple glow felt warm and then cool against her skin. She breathed a sigh of relief. All the pain was gone. She began to peel the bandages from her arms. He skin was pink and healthy, just as if she had never been burned.
“Thank you, Jade.” She smiled at him and he smiled back. 
“Well, that was quite the entertainment for the evening.” Her father looked closely at the skin on his daughter’s arm. Then he pulled the white gauze from her face. All the burns were gone. “My beautiful Marigold. There you are.” Her father hugged her. “Jade, you’ll be sleeping in the kitchen. Chores start at sunup ‘round here so you’d better get to bed. Marigold, give him some blankets to sleep on until we can make him a straw-filled mattress.”
“Yes, Father,” said Marigold. 
“You can get the blankets now while Jade and I do the dishes.”
Marigold nodded, got up from the table, and left the room. Her father took the washbasin for the dishes and filled it with hot water from the kettle and cold water from the pail that sat near the door. 
“Pile the dishes here, Jade and I’ll show you how to wash them. I don’t suppose that’s a skill you have?”
“No, can’t say I’ve ever washed dishes before.” Jade grinned. It was nice in the cozy farmhouse. It felt like a family.
Marigold’s father washed the dishes and Jade watched. “Here.” He handed Jade a tea towel. “You dry the dishes when I pass them to you and then put them into the cupboard there.”
“Okay.” Jade took the towel.
“I’ve seen the way you look at my daughter. But I know you’re of elfin blood. What does it mean?”
“It’s more than being of elfin blood. I’m an Asitellian. We can only marry one of our own kind or one of elfin blood. I don’t think the elves are restricted in such a way. They can marry whomever they want, as long as the fairy queen allows it, I guess.”
 “That is the tradition of your people?” asked her father.
“It’s not just tradition,” Jade said quietly, looking at the floor.
“What then? Is it something physical? You wouldn’t be able to have children or something?”
“No. I would die. That is the way for the Asitellians. We must marry one of fairy blood or one of our own kind. If an Asitellian marries a mere mortal, they will both die.”
“What do they die of? Is it some kind of magic?” asked her father.
“I don’t know. I have never seen it, though I have read about it in our history books. In every case, the Asitellian and the one they married died on their wedding day.”
“So, that settles things,” said her father. “I’m glad I don’t have anything to worry about.”
Marigold walked into the room. It was clear from her face that she had not overheard any of their discussion. “Here are the blankets.” She placed them on a bench.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome.”
Marigold helped Jade put away the last of the dishes and closed the rough wooden cupboard.
“Goodnight, Jade,” said Marigold.
“Goodnight.”
Her father led her out of the room and Jade was left alone. He moved the pile of blankets to the corner near the fireplace. But he didn’t think he could sleep. The way that Mari looked at him… Did that mean that she felt something more, too? But such thoughts were foolishness. He tried to put them out of his mind. He would be her friend. 
Jade opened the door and went outside, closing it quietly behind him. The night air was cold but there was no wind. Jade looked up into the sky, at the expanse of deep blackness pricked with blue stars. It had been years since he had seen the night sky. Jade felt small and insignificant compared to that vastness and, suddenly, he felt afraid. If there were some greater being who had made all that existed, would he be angry? And, suddenly, Jade felt certain. There was an intelligence - a presence underlying all this beauty. Fear almost drove him back into the cozy, warm kitchen. But, instead, he breathed out an apology to the creator.
“I am sorry.”
Immediately, Jade experienced something that felt like love calling to him. His eyes filled with tears. He didn’t know what to think. Why would love call to him? But love continued to call so Jade embraced it and wept. Huge, near-silent sobs shook his body. He was loved and forgiven by the creator. Marigold was right all along. When the storm of tears had passed, Jade stared up into the stars. He felt love inside him now. Love and peace. 
“Thank you,” he whispered.


Chapter 14

Just before sun-up the next morning, Marigold came into the kitchen. The morning air was chilly. Even from inside the house, Marigold could smell that it would soon snow. She glanced into the corner and saw Jade still asleep under the pile of blankets. There was a peaceful look on his face. Marigold watched him for a moment and then she turned her attention to starting a fire in the hearth. Once a small blaze was going, she put oatmeal and water in a pot and hung it over the fire. She stood, dusted off her dress from kneeling on the floor and looked at Jade again. This time, she saw his green eyes watching her.
Marigold smiled. “Good morning.”
Jade returned her smile. “Hello.” They stared at each other awkwardly for a moment. 
Then Marigold’s father walked into the kitchen. He kissed her on the head. “Today, we harvest.”
“Is there anything left after the fire to harvest?” asked Jade.
“Thankfully, I planted over half my fields with potatoes this year. And it was a good year for potatoes so they grew well.”
“That is fortunate.”
Her father took cups and bowls from the cupboard and placed them on the table. Then he put on his boots and took a metal pail from the floor against the wall. “Jade, come out to the barn with me and I’ll show you how to milk a cow.”
Jade grinned, in spite of himself, as he shoved his feet into boots. “Never, in my wildest imaginings, did I ever think that I would learn to milk a cow.” The sun was just at the horizon, sending orange and golden beams of light across the scorched farmland. Mari stayed inside to finish making breakfast. 
The two men went into the small barn. It was warm and dark. Marigold’s father took down the lantern that was hanging from a nail on a wooden beam. He lit the lantern and a pool of light sprang up around them. Then he led the lone cow from its stall to a spot beside a stool in a more open part of the barn. He tied the cow to a post and sat on the stool. 
“Jade, watch how I do it, and then I’ll let you try.”
The second prince of Kedrin watched as the weather-worn farmer’s hands worked rhythmically to produce streams of milk that shot into the bucket. “So that’s how it’s done,” he murmured.
“Now, you try,” said the man, standing and motioning Jade towards the stool.
Jade sat and grabbed the teats the way the farmer had done. He squeezed lightly but nothing happened. 
“No, like this.” The man squatted down and grabbed one of the teats. “Grip at the base first and then squeeze downwards.”
Jade tried for five minutes more, with extremely limited success. Then the experienced farmer took over to finish the job. When they returned to the kitchen with the milk, Marigold was just ladling the oatmeal into the bowls. They sat around the table and had oatmeal and warm milk, fresh from the cow. Simple food had never tasted so good. 
“I’ve lost over a week of harvest time. Now that you are well, Marigold, you can help me in the fields today, too. ”
“Yes, Father.” She smiled at Jade.
After breakfast, the farmer hitched the donkey to a cart for hauling the potatoes. Then he handed each of them a shovel. “It’s time to dig up the harvest.” He led the donkey into the field and they followed. 
The days on the farm passed quickly. There was always much to do. Soon the harvest was done and fall became winter. 

***

One day, Jade and Marigold were walking though the deep snow from the house to the barn. Her father had been feeling tired lately so she and Jade had taken over caring for the animals. The snow on the ground twinkled like tiny diamonds in the sunlight. Though the day was bright and clear, it was very, very cold. A deep chill had settled over the land. They had to keep a fire going constantly in the home, just to keep the water in the washbowls from freezing. Jade had become adept at chopping wood. He sometimes used his powers to slice and stack the wood but, when Mari was watching, he liked to do it by hand. 
They reached the barn and Marigold pushed on the door. It was stuck. Jade pushed too. The door didn’t move so he gave it a little nudge with his powers. The wooden door creaked inwards. It was cold and dark inside.
Marigold took the lantern from the nail and lit it. “It’s too cold in here. I think it’s even colder than outside. It’s like an ice box.” She lifted the lantern and peered around. “The chickens aren’t going to make it if it doesn’t warm up in here.”
Jade shoved the door closed, shutting out the sharp winter wind. He looked at the chickens, huddling together with their feathers fluffed out. The cow and the goats looked cold too. Jade closed his eyes and felt the power well up inside him. Golden light flowed from him in waves, radiating warmth. Light beams and particles sparkled and glowed as the barn filled with golden light. 
Marigold gasped and looked around in wonder. “It’s so beautiful,” she whispered.
Jade opened his eyes and looked around too. It was beautiful. He’d never made yellow light before. And he could no longer see his breath. The barn was warm. Very warm. Jade started undoing his heavy winter jacket. The golden illumination faded but the heat remained. 
“Thank you, Jade.” 
He looked at her, smiling at him in the lantern’s glow, and reminded himself that they were only friends. Then he smiled back. “You’re welcome. It was a very simple thing…I’m glad to help.” 
She looked at him, smiling at her, and something tightened in her chest. Marigold looked away. Just being silly, she chided herself. He was her good and kind friend, nothing more. 
They finished their chores in the barn and brought a basket of eggs and a pail of milk back to the house. They went in quickly and closed the door to keep out the cold. Marigold put the eggs down and brushed the snow from her clothing. Then she saw Jade was just standing there, still holding the metal pail, staring into the kitchen.
“What?” she asked, following his gaze. There, on the floor, was her father.


Chapter 15

“Father!” Marigold ran into the kitchen and knelt on the wooden floor beside him. “Father!” She took his hand but it was cold. “No…” She buried her face in his chest and wept. 
Jade just stood and watched her. She was so beautiful, her auburn hair covering her father’s face. Her shoulders shook with sobs. Jade had no idea what he was supposed to do. The man was dead. His spirit was gone. Jade’s thoughts raced. Now Marigold was alone in the world, with no one to take care of her. She wouldn’t be able to manage the farm alone. But, more and more, his heart was leading him back to the capital of Kedrin, back to his brother. Jade was no farmer. It didn’t make sense that he would continue on at the farm to help her. He knew that wasn’t his destiny. Yet what of Marigold? Jade wouldn’t leave her alone. He cared for her deeply. But what could he do? Could he find her some other man to help her tend to the farm? Perhaps someone to marry, as her aunt had suggested? The thought was extremely repulsive to him. He could not, would not, do it. So what then? Jade couldn’t leave her alone. He would have to take her with him.
Marigold looked up at Jade, tears streaming down her face. “What will I do now?”
Jade had to blink to clear his vision. He reached down to the girl and gently lifted her to her feet. “You can come with me.”
They held each other for a moment and she cried into his heavy winter jacket. Her grief weighed heavily on his heart. But he couldn’t fix it. 
Marigold pulled away. “We have to go to the vicar,” she whispered. She took charge like it was every day that somebody died. She washed up and changed her clothes quickly and then started hitching the horses to the sleigh. Jade helped her prepare the sleigh, as they had many times before, but his mind was far from the tasks at hand. Beautiful, young Marigold. What future would she have now? By the midmorning’s light, they set off through the gently falling snow. When they got there, Marigold drove the sleigh around behind the church, to the small vicarage there. She stepped from the sleigh and walked to the entranceway. Marigold hesitated a moment, seeming almost frozen in place, staring at the door. Then, as if waking up, she pulled off a thick leather mitten and knocked. 
Jade found himself still sitting in the sleigh. What would the vicar say to them? He heard Mari crying as she spoke to the elderly vicar. But he couldn’t make out what they said. The vicar let Marigold inside and signaled from the door that Jade should follow. Reluctantly, he did. He’d never been in the vicarage before, only the church. When he’d first come to live with Marigold and her father, he didn’t know if he should attend church with them or not but, in the end, he did. The vicar and his wife were kind-hearted. Jade had not felt as out of place as he thought he would. But Marigold’s father had cautioned him against revealing that he was the second prince of Kedrin.
The white-haired man was still waiting for him at the door. Jade hustled to get inside. The vicar’s wife was there, preparing a cup of hot cocoa for Marigold and one for him too.
“We’ll take care of everything,” said the vicar’s wife. “You have nothing to worry about Marigold. We’re going to take care of you.”
She nodded and accepted the warm mug of steaming cocoa. Jade sat down on the rough wooden bench beside her. He thanked the old woman as she handed him a cup.
“Perhaps you should stay in town, Marigold, at least for the winter,” said the old woman, eyeing Jade. “It’s probably not a good idea to be out on a farm all alone in the cold of winter.”
“I’m not alone,” said Marigold. “I have Ja…my friend.” She stopped herself from saying his name and gestured towards him instead.
“Some folk might think it’s not proper…a young lady and a young man living in a house, just the two of them.”
Jade hadn’t considered that notion. He didn’t want to give Marigold a bad reputation. But what would it matter, since they would be leaving in the spring? Then he reconsidered the idea. Maybe they should leave directly after the funeral. Mari could sell the few animals at the farm. Except for the horses - they would need the horses. Yes, maybe it would be better for her to be away from the place all together.
Marigold sighed. “I don’t know what to do yet.”
“Oh, you take your time, dear.” The old woman patted her hand. “Everything’s going to be alright. We’re going to help you however you need.”
Arrangements were made for some men to come out and collect the body for burial. They would light a great fire to thaw the ground in the graveyard beside the church. Marigold decided she would stay at the vicarage until the men were able to get her father. Jade offered to go back to take care of the animals. 
“I will come back for you this evening, Mari.”
“Come back at dinner time,” said the vicar’s wife, “and we’ll make sure to feed you.” The old woman had kind eyes.
Jade nodded, stood, and strode to the door. He looked back at Marigold to see her looking at him, her brown eyes shimmering with tears. It seemed so unfair that this had happened to such an innocent and kind girl…but at least it wasn’t his fault this time. 
Ice crystals, borne on the wind, stung his face as the horses trotted back down the road towards the farm. Never before did Jade have so much responsibility – unwanted responsibility. And yet…deep down, he had to admit that he would enjoy having her company for longer, maybe even forever. She could come to the palace with him and they would always be friends. His heart pained at the thought. Always to have her so near but then what? Would he find her some nobleman to wed? Certainly it would be wrong to keep her close to him and never be able to offer her his hand in marriage. He sighed. These were thoughts that would keep. First, the funeral and then they would decide their future.
When he arrived back at the farm, he unhitched the horses and led them to the barn. Jade got straight to work on the neglected farm chores. It wasn’t long until he heard horses coming down the long drive. He emerged from the barn to see a sleigh and four men from town.
“We’re here for the body.”
“This way.” Jade led them to the farmhouse and opened the door. He saw the old man’s body in the kitchen but he didn’t go in. Instead, he went straight back to work in the barn. He didn’t want to see them carry the body out. Once all was in perfect order in the barn, Jade went back to the house. The men from the village had left, and it was almost evening. Soon it would be time for him to return to the church. After he washed up, he stood in the lonely kitchen and looked around. His eyes came to rest on the floor. There was no sign that a man had died there but still… he put a kettle of water on to boil and pulled the bucket and scrub brush from the corner. When the water was ready, Jade scrubbed the wooden floor. There was nothing there, but…it was like he wanted to scrub away the turmoil in his soul.
Evening came. Jade went though the routine of hitching the horses to the sleigh. I’m going to be late for dinner. As he approached the church, one part of him wanted to ride on past, just leave and not look back. The pain in his heart was too great and he wanted to run from it. 
“Whoa,” Jade called to the horses and pulled on the reins. He could never do that to Mari. He would help her – whatever that might look like.


Chapter 16

Jade was late. But he would still come, wouldn’t he? Of course he’s still coming, Marigold chided herself. He wouldn’t leave her, not when he was all she had left in the whole world. She was glad she would be going with him. Marigold couldn’t stand the thought of living in the farmhouse alone. Just then, there was a knock on the door. The vicar opened it, admitting Jade, along with a gust of snow. As the second prince of Kedrin stood in the entranceway and shook the snow from his hair, Marigold realized with shock that she loved him, and not just as a friend or a brother. His face was somber. Their gaze met and a sparkle ignited in his green eyes. They looked at each other for longer than usual and a slow smile spread across his face. He must feel the same!
She was staring at him, smiling. It was odd but it felt fantastic. Her father is dead. Why is she smiling? But Jade couldn’t help smiling back. She has the most amazing amber eyes.
“Come sit down,” said the vicar’s wife. “I’ve kept a plate of food warm for you.”
“Thank you. Sorry I’m late.” Jade sank onto the bench next to Marigold. The elderly woman placed a plate of steaming chicken and potatoes in front of him. “This looks wonderful,” he murmured. Jade ate in silence.
Then the vicar spoke. “We will hold the funeral tomorrow.” No one said anything else for the next few minutes; the only sound was the flames crackling in the fireplace. Jade felt Marigold’s presence beside him. But he just kept eating. He didn’t look at her because he didn’t know what to say.
“Have you thought about what you will do after the funeral?” asked the vicar’s wife, looking at Marigold. “You are welcome to stay with us as long as you like.” Marigold didn’t answer right away so the older woman continued, “You’ll stay with us tonight, of course? We have a guest room with a bed. You’ll be comfortable here. And I have a dress that would fit you, one that used to belong to my daughter. It would be suitable to wear to the funeral.”
Jade felt Marigold shift on the bench beside him. He put down his fork and turned to look at her. She was staring at him, her eyes full of questions.
“I don’t know what to do. My heart is…too full. What do you think, Jade?”
His heart winced at the swirling turmoil in her countenance. “Perhaps you should stay here tonight and I’ll see you tomorrow at the funeral.”
“Okay, I’ll stay here,” said Marigold. 
Jade didn’t enjoy sleeping alone in the farmhouse that night. The wind and snow beat against the house and every creak from the wooden boards woke him from a fitful sleep. He dreamed that his brother, Tristan, was there in the farmhouse, condemning him for all he had done and all he had failed to do. 
The apparition looked at him with scorn. “How will you take care of Marigold?”
Jade awoke with a gasp, to the gray light of predawn. Hurriedly, he threw on some clothing before stumbling out to the barn, only half-awake. He had to milk the cow before getting ready for the funeral. When he was through in the barn, the sun was just rising in the east. The sky was clear of clouds and Jade felt optimistic for the first time since Marigold’s father had died. Maybe everything’s going to be okay, after all. Before going in to change, Jade hitched the horses to the sleigh. Then he hurried inside the house, washed up, and put on his church clothes. 
Jade arrived at the church just before the service was about to start. The church was almost full, with many people from the town and nearby farms in attendance. Marigold’s father had been well-liked. Jade saw Marigold sitting near the front, beside the vicar’s wife. The vicar was already standing in the pulpit, looking out at the crowd. Jade noticed an empty seat at the end of one of the back rows. He slipped into the pew. Marigold turned just then and saw him. She motioned for him to join her at the front. Jade hesitated. He wasn’t really family. If he went to the front, everyone would look at him and wonder who he was. When he didn’t go to her right away, Marigold stood. She was going to come fetch him or sit with him in the back. That would make the people wonder all the more. Jade stood quickly and went to her. He took the seat beside her and she collapsed next to him.
“Jade…” She sniffed quietly. “I’m so glad you’re here. I just couldn’t go through this alone.”
He noticed the closed coffin on a table at the front. That someone could be alive and seem completely healthy and then just die like that…it was just too horrible to think about. Soon the vicar started speaking. But Jade didn’t hear much of what he said. All he heard was Marigold’s quiet sobbing. He longed to comfort her somehow but he didn’t know how to do it. His dreams haunted him. He had never taken care of anyone before. How will I be able to take care of her?
Four men walked up the aisle to the front of the church. They took hold of the coffin but paused before carrying it out to the churchyard. The crowd was stirring, putting on their jackets. Jade put his coat on and then helped Mari with hers. 
The vicar’s wife stood. “We will follow behind the coffin first,” she said to Marigold. 
Mari took Jade’s hand. They walked down the aisle behind the coffin, hand-in-hand. There wasn’t much wind that morning and, as they walked out into the graveyard, the snow covering the ground looked like tiny, sparkling gemstones.





	
Chapter 17

They walked through the undisturbed snow. The wind and falling snow, earlier that morning, had erased the footprints of the townsmen who had dug the grave. Marigold gripped Jade’s hand tightly. She couldn’t believe she had to say goodbye to the last of her family. First her mother, and now her father. She was alone in the world, but for Jade. She squeezed his hand again for comfort. The four men from town set the coffin down beside the grave. The vicar walked to the front of the group to pray. Everyone from the church had followed them out. They all stood in a circle, around the coffin and the hole where they would put her father’s body. Tears flowed down her face so that she could hardly see. She wiped her nose with the sleeve of her coat and used the woolen mitten on her free hand to mop up the tears. 
Then the vicar spoke. “From dust we come and to dust we return. But only the body. His soul is in heaven with the Lord.”
Marigold swiped a mittened hand at more tears that ran down her face and neck and onto her collar. The deadness of nature seemed to mourn with her. 
Then the pastor prayed for comfort for Marigold and she thought she felt a difference; some echo of peace settled into her heart. The tears abated for a moment. Then the men used ropes to lower the coffin down into the earth. She almost couldn’t bear it - seeing her father lowered into the cold earth. But it wasn’t really him, she reminded herself. When she had seen his body earlier that morning…it was like he was already gone. It isn’t him. It isn’t him. My father…he’s in heaven. He’s happy. There will be no darkness there. She couldn’t open her eyes. Her body heaved with sobs. She should be happy for him, she knew. But…she didn’t think she’d be without him so soon, when she was so young. How would she know how to make the right choices? She glanced over at Jade, standing beside her. She found his green eyes staring straight at her. She let go and pulled her hand away from him. Then she threw her arms about his neck and buried her face in his coat and sobbed. Oh Daddy…I’m going to miss you so much. And now, you’ll never get to walk me down the aisle. I love you, Daddy! And I know that where you are…you’re happy there. And I’m going to try to let you go because I know you’re okay. But still Marigold couldn’t control the sobs that racked her body. Then she felt Jade’s arms wrap around her and hold her tightly. His embrace brought a measure of comfort. She wouldn’t be alone. When finally she was able to stop crying, she looked around to see that most of the people had left. But the vicar was still there. The men from town would bury the coffin later. 
Marigold wouldn’t watch. She couldn’t bear to see it. But he’s not in the cold earth, she reminded herself. He’s gone to the place where there is no darkness. She released Jade, took his hand again, and tugged him away from the graveside. They trudged through the deep snow towards the back of the church, and Marigold noticed the vicar’s wife following them. It was too much sorrow. Marigold didn’t want to think about it anymore. She wanted to think about…what she would do now. What would her life be like? The vicar’s wife stepped around, in front of them and opened the door to the vicarage. She pulled the mitten from Marigold’s free hand and gripped her fingers. Marigold kicked off her wet boots without releasing Jade’s hand.
“That must have been so hard for you dear…I can’t even imagine. What can I get for you? Do you want something to eat? It’s almost lunch. How about some bread with butter on it?”
Marigold sniffed and blinked tears from her eyes. “I’m not hungry.”
“Maybe you need a rest, dear; I see you’re overwrought. Come. Do you want to lie down in the spare bedroom? It’s nice and warm. You need to warm up after standing outside for so long.” The vicar’s wife took her hand and led her towards the spare bedroom while Jade still held her other hand and trailed along behind them, down the narrow hallway. 
“I don’t know,” Marigold murmured. She looked at the bed. The vicar’s wife still held her bare hand while Jade still held her mittened one. She looked at Jade. 
“Maybe you should have a rest. I’ll stay here. I won’t go anywhere. And when you get up, we’ll talk.”
“Okay,” Marigold said. She released both the vicar’s wife and Jade and climbed up into the big bed. She wiggled beneath the covers, not even bothering to take off her jacket. She curled into a ball, pulled the covers over her head, and closed her eyes. She had to breathe out of her mouth because her nose was all stuffed up. Her thoughts were swirling and she had a headache from crying so much. She pushed everything away and focused on the warmth that now surrounded her. Marigold tried to still her mind, and her eyelids became heavy. Her whole body seemed to sink down into the bed. Yes. She needed to sleep. They would decide what would happen next when she woke up. Marigold recalled Jade’s bright eyes, filled with concern, and her heart warmed a little. He had said he would stay. He wouldn’t leave. I won’t be alone.





	
Chapter 18

Marigold awoke to the scent of venison stew. She strained to open her eyes and, when she did, she saw natural light pouring in through the windowpane. It was day. Why am I sleeping in the day? She tried to make sense of her surroundings. This isn’t my bed. Where am I? Then the events of the day and of the day before came flooding back into her mind. I’m an orphan. Not a real orphan. She chided herself. I’m of marrying age. I’m not a child. But inside she felt…afraid.
She was hot, too hot. Marigold threw off the covers and sat up, struggling to unfasten her coat. She threw it off and tried to rearrange the borrowed dress that was damp with perspiration. She stumbled out of the bed and down the narrow hallway to the kitchen. Jade sat at the table, while the vicar’s wife busied herself preparing the meal. 
Jade smiled when he saw Marigold. “You look better,” he said.
Marigold smiled back at him. Who was this man to her? But it was time to decide. Would she stay on her family’s farm? Would she stay with the vicar and his kindly wife? Or would she go with the second prince of Kedrin? She didn’t even have to think on it. She knew what she would do. Marigold sat down beside Jade at the table.
“Oh, you’re up, child,” came the old woman’s kindly voice. “Dinner’s almost ready.”
“Jade…” said Marigold quietly, so the woman wouldn’t hear her speaking, “I’m coming with you. It doesn’t matter what they say or what anyone says. I’m staying with you. You’re all I have left now.”
Jade nodded and looked sorrowfully into her eyes. It looked like he might say something but, just then, the vicar came into the room and sat down with them at the table.
The stew was thick with potatoes and spicy with salt, pepper, onions, and garlic - a fine meal with fresh bread, too. Marigold ate in silence as the vicar and his wife chatted. But Marigold’s heart was not content. She wanted to leave. Marigold didn’t want to wait until spring. It wouldn’t do to stay in that house any longer. She wouldn’t live on the land where she had lost both her parents. Though the vicar and his wife were kind, they were no kin to her. She wasn’t truly an orphan. It wasn’t parents she needed. She needed…Jade. 
“Jade,” she spoke abruptly, interrupting the conversation. “I want to go now.”
“Oh, no, dear. We still have pie for desert!” said the vicar’s wife.
Marigold looked at Jade intensely. “I don’t want to wait until spring,” she said in a rush. “I can’t stay here another night. I want to leave. I don’t even want to go back to that farm. There’s nothing I need from there. You’re going to take care of me, right?”
Jade’s face contorted in grief. “Yes,” he whispered, “I promise, Marigold. I promise I will take care of you.”
She didn’t understand his sorrowful countenance. 
“What are you saying, child?” said the vicar. He reached out and put his hand atop hers. “How do know this man? Will you marry him? We don’t even know his name! Where would you go? Why would you not stay at your farm? You are of marrying age…I could perform the ceremony if you desire. But why leave?”
“Marigold…” said the vicar’s wife, “you can’t run from your sorrow.”
“I’m not running,” said Marigold. “I know I can’t run from death. I want to be with Jade. He’s going to take care of me now. And he has somewhere else he needs to be. Not farming at the edge of the kingdom.”
“Why? Where does he need to be?” asked the vicar. “Farming is honest work.”
“I can’t explain,” said Jade to the vicar. Then he turned to look at Marigold. He took both her hands. “We will leave tonight if you wish it. You will be safe with me. I will provide for you.”
She smiled. 
“Oh, dear girl!” The vicar’s wife burst into tears. “Won’t you have pie first?”
Marigold smiled, pulled her hand from Jade, and patted the old woman’s arm. “Of course we’ll have pie first! I’m going to be okay. I think…I think this is what God wants.”
It was still daylight when Jade hitched up the horses. Marigold said goodbye to the vicar and his wife.
“Please look after the animals at my farm, this evening, and then give them back to those who donated them to us after the fire,” said Marigold.
“I will,” said the Vicar. “May God bless your journey.”
Jade sighed. It made more sense for them to travel by horseback than to ride in a sleigh but he supposed they could sell the sleigh and buy saddles in the next town. Marigold didn’t want to go back and he would honor her wishes. The farm was in the wrong direction anyway. Now they were headed towards the capital of Kedrin. There he would be confronted by his brother, Tristan. Would Tristan forgive him? Would he be welcomed back to the palace as the second prince of Kedrin or would he be driven away as an enemy? He pushed the thoughts aside as Marigold walked towards him through the almost knee-deep, sparkling white powder. Her soft brown hair hung in two braids on either side of her face. She was smiling at him. It was a relief to see joy on her face again. All the sorrow had to stop now. Jade vowed that he would make her happy. Somehow, he would make her happy.





	
Chapter 19

They were off. The horses’ harnesses made a jingling sound as they trotted down the road, away from the village. It almost sounded like bells. The sun was slowly setting, tinting the soft clouds pink. Marigold shifted to sit closer to Jade and rested her head on his shoulder. He would take care of her now. She felt his rhythmic breathing and it comforted her. As night fell, a deeper chill settled down around them. Then, out from Jade sprang a green light. She gasped and then laughed, she was so startled. She pulled away and looked up at him, smiling. 
“It’s beautiful.”
“It’s to keep you warm,” he explained. “We don’t have to be cold.”
“Thank you,” she whispered as she rested her head against him again. “I love being here with you, Jade.”
“Me too,” he said. He put his arm around her, holding the reins with his free hand.
They stopped in a clearing that first night. After they had collected dead wood, Jade set it alight with his powers. Once the fire was blazing, Marigold lay down to sleep near the fire, in an area they had cleared of snow. Jade unhitched the horses from the sleigh and tied them to some nearby trees, where they could chew at the bark. He would have to find them real food tomorrow. And Marigold, too, he realized. They had brought nothing with them. Jade hoped they would find an inn soon. He wasn’t familiar with the region so they would just continue to follow the road. Surely they would soon come to some place where they could buy food.
With the fire to keep them warm, Jade would have been able to sleep too. But he stayed up half the night, just watching her. His conscience nagged at him a little but still he felt a warm feeling in his heart. A…contentment. He liked being with her. Then, finally thoroughly tired, he lay down beside Marigold. He looked up through the trees but he couldn’t see the stars. It was a cloudy night. His eyes closed and he drifted away to a peaceful dream of sunlight, green plants, and Marigold’s smile.
Jade startled awake in the grey light of pre-dawn. He sat up. Marigold wasn’t beside him. He looked around the small clearing. He saw the horses near the trees but he didn’t see Marigold.
“Mari?” he called. “Mari!”
“I’m right here,” Marigold said, as she came walking from just beyond the clearing. 
“Oh, Marigold! You worried me!” He stood up and went to her, clutching her hands.
“There’s no need to worry, Jade; everything’s going to be alright now.”
Her confident smile caused the niggling feeling of doubt and guilt to return. 
“We’d better get going,” he said. She followed him to the sleigh and they worked together to hitch up the horses again.
“When we come to the next village, I think we should try to buy saddles and sell the sleigh.”
“Good idea,” said Marigold, “and we’ll get some food. I’m starving.”
He looked at her, concerned about the lack of food, but she was still smiling. Staring at him and smiling. Seeing her smile at him like that…caused a squeezing feeling in his stomach. Just hunger, he assured himself. “I’m sure we’ll find something soon.”
Once the horses were ready, they started back down the road. The large horses pulled the sleigh easily through the snow. Marigold was alert, looking around. Jade spent more time watching her than the road ahead of them. 
Soon the path widened and they came upon a town. It wasn’t even quite lunchtime but Jade decided they would stay for the night at the inn there. He didn’t know how far it would be until they reached the next one. He saw a store and slowed the sleigh. Jade tied the horses outside and helped Marigold down from the carriage. 
“Oh! Look at that!” said Marigold, pointing though the display window. “I’ve never seen such a fine dress!”
Impractical, especially for travelling. But anything to see her smile. “I’ll get it for you.”
“Really! Oh, thank you!” Marigold turned to look at him, her amber eyes alight with pleasure. She flung her arms around him. 
It was then Jade realized with dismay that he had no money. And nothing of value that he could trade for goods. Marigold pulled away from him and rushed through the door and into the shop. Jade had no choice but to follow her in, his mind spinning through ideas of how he could come up with some money but none of them seemed…good. In fact, most of his thoughts centered around how he could use his powers to take whatever they wanted without paying for it. But he didn’t think Marigold would be particularly pleased with the idea, nor would God be for that matter. And Jade didn’t want to anger Him. And the peace of heart he felt - Jade didn’t want to lose that. But what could he do? Marigold needed to eat and he so wanted to make her happy.
He prayed silently. I hope it’s not too much to ask for but…please provide for us. Give me the money so I can buy food. And the dress for Marigold – she’d really like that. And I’ll need enough money for food for the horses and for some nights at inns along the way, too. Okay, so I need a lot of money. If you could see fit to help us with this, I’d be so grateful. 
The door swung closed behind him. At first glance, the store appeared empty but then he saw a heavyset woman near the till. A large man was standing behind her, holding a knife at her throat.
“No!” screamed Marigold. Mari swung the door open again and shouted out into the street. “Help! Help! There’s a man with a knife!”
The man pressed the knife harder, and a ribbon of scarlet appeared on the woman’s neck. Footfalls pounded their way towards the store and several men entered just behind Jade. He stepped to the side to let them in. Jade recognized the uniform of one of the men. A local constable.
“Dendrick!” boomed the officer. “I’m surprised to see you back. There’s a warrant out for your arrest. For the murders of the Nelson twins.”
The villain made a guttural cry, cut the woman, and threw her to the ground, bleeding. Then the man lunged with his long blade towards the constable.
Faster than thought, green light came out from within Jade. It danced around the villain for a moment. The man cried out. In a bright white flash, he was gone. 
“Where’d he go?” asked the constable, looking at Jade.
“He’s dead,” said Jade, soberly. He had killed, again. And, as the other times, it had happened on an instinctive level, like he couldn’t control it. But, this time, my instincts guided me right. The man had to be stopped.
“Thank you. We’ll have to talk about how you did that later.” The constable put his hand briefly on Jade’s shoulder before joining Marigold and the other man who were crouching beside the fallen woman.
“It’s too bad,” murmured the other man. She’s almost gone. There’s nothing I can do at this point.”
“That’s a shame, Doc. You sure?”
“Oh no!” cried Marigold, covering her face with her hands.
Jade stepped towards the group. “Let me through.”
The constable moved aside and Jade knelt beside the woman. He gently rolled her onto her back so he could see her neck. It was bad. But the woman’s spirit was still in her body. Jade held his hand above the wound on her neck and the green light poured from him again. 
“What witchcraft is this?!” exclaimed the doctor.
“It’s not witchcraft,” Jade assured him. “I’m of the elfin kind.”
“That explains it then,” said the constable. 
The wound sealed. The woman’s eyes opened and her hand flew to her neck. “You saved me!” she gasped.
“He’s of the elfin kind,” the constable explained.
The woman sat up quickly. “Thank you!” she said to Jade.
“Just take it easy,” said the doctor. “That was a very serious injury.”
“I feel fine,” said the woman, pushing the doctor away and standing. “Thank you, Sir,” she said to Jade again.
“You’re welcome. You should be okay now. I’m glad I could help.”
“If you’ll all excuse me,” said the woman. “I need to close shop while I clean up.”
“Of course,” said the constable. “Sir,” he said to Jade, “follow me; I need to speak with you.” 
Jade and Marigold followed the constable from the store and along the snow-packed sidewalk to the constable’s office next door. 
“Have a seat.” He indicated two chairs across from his desk. A wicker basket filled with biscuits sent a delicious aroma into the air. Marigold’s stomach rumbled loudly as she sat down beside Jade.
“You hungry?” asked the constable. “Help yourself.” He slid the basket across the desk towards them.
Marigold took one and bit into it while Jade just stared at the constable. Am I in trouble? He needed to get home to his brother but he didn’t want to fight the law. He wouldn’t, he decided. He would not fight this man, not even if he were imprisoned, or worse, for what he had done. But what would happen to Marigold? God, I know you can hear me. Please help us get out of this!





	
Chapter 20

“There was a bounty on that man’s head. And I’m gonna pay it out to you.”
“What?” asked Jade, incredulously. 
“The bounty was fifteen golden coins. You stopped that lawbreaker.” He reached down into his desk and pulled a small sack from a drawer. “So the money’s yours. Here.” He tossed the bag to Jade. “Now, I can see you’re a man on a mission, so I’m not going to ask you any questions. Just - thank you for what you did.”
“You’re welcome.” Jade stood and tucked the money into his coat. He grabbed a biscuit from the basket and took Marigold’s hand. As they walked from the shop, Jade bit into the soft, fresh biscuit. They had been provided for, after all!
“I wonder if the shop’s open yet?” said Marigold.
They walked to the next building and Jade pulled on the door. “Still locked.”
“Let’s get a room at the inn,” suggested Marigold. “Then we can put the horses in the barn and get them some feed.”
“Good idea,” said Jade, helping Marigold up into the sleigh. 
At the end of the street was an inn. Jade left the horses at the front while they went in to see if there was a room available. There was, so he gave Marigold the key while he took the horses round back, to the barn. The horses ate the grain eagerly. Once Jade was satisfied that everything was in order, he returned to the inn to find Marigold. The inn was a simple but clean establishment. He climbed the stairs to find their room. Jade hesitated before knocking on the door. Was it appropriate, them sharing a room? He had not considered it. But if they were in separate rooms, he might not be able to keep her safe. They would have to share, he decided. Jade rapped on the door. Marigold opened it, smiling. 
“This was the last room they had available,” said Marigold, “but there’s only one bed.”
Jade looked at the large bed in the middle of the room. There was no sofa or other sleeping area. Jade sighed. “I’ll sleep on the floor.”
After a hardy lunch in the dining room Marigold and Jade walked back to the store. Snow was falling lightly but there was no wind.
“It’s beautiful out,” said Marigold. Then she looked at him seriously. “I just wanted to tell you…you did the right thing. You did right, Jade.” She took his hand.
“Thank you,” he said. “It feels good, using my power now. Ever since the light became golden and then changed to the greenish hue…it doesn’t hurt anymore.”
“It used to hurt to use your powers?”
“Yes. Every time. But now it feels…right.”
They reached the store and Jade pulled on the handle. The door opened. He held it for Marigold. She went into the store ahead of him.
“Oh!” The cry startled him as his eyes adjusted to the darker interior. “There you are!” cried the shopkeeper. “You came back! I’m so glad!” The large woman came out from behind the counter and enveloped Jade in a perfumed embrace. “I wanted to thank you properly,” she said, releasing him. “Here.” She held out her palm containing seven golden coins. “It’s what I had in the till and that thief surely would have taken it, along with my life. So I want you to have it.”
Jade hesitated. It would be a long way to the capital but he didn’t save her to get money. “It’s okay,” said Jade. “You keep it.”
“Nonsense. I insist.” She thrust the fistful of coins towards him and continued to hold it there until, reluctantly, he opened his hand and accepted the money. 
“There. Now I feel better.” The woman smiled. 
“I’m glad you’re okay,” said Marigold. 
“Thank you, dear.” The woman hugged Marigold enthusiastically.
“We’re going to be buying some things,” said Marigold, as the woman released her.
“Just let me know if you need help with anything.”
“Thank you,” said Jade. 
The woman left them and busied herself with organizing some shelves in the shop. When Jade and Marigold had collected the things they needed, they piled the items on the counter by the till. Jade looked over at the dress.
“Do you want to try it on?” he asked.
Marigold blushed. “I guess it would be frivolous. It’s not something we actually need.”
“You could just try it on,” he suggested.
She smiled timidly and walked to the dress. She touched the silky, blue, shimmering fabric. “Do you think it would be alright?” she asked.
“Of course.” He called to the shopkeeper. “She would like to try this one on.”
“Excellent choice,” said the woman, hustling to assist them. “I think this color would look lovely on you, dear.” Marigold blushed again as shopkeeper handed her the gown. “Right this way; I’ll show you where you can try it on.”
Marigold followed the woman through a door behind the cash register. A few minutes later, she emerged, wearing the light blue silken dress. Jade gasped at the sight of her. He tried to suppress his reaction but he just couldn’t stop staring. No longer was she a pretty farm girl but a beautiful woman, as beautiful as any fairy princess, even with her hair still tied in the two braids that framed her face. Jade’s gut twisted and his stomach soured. Marigold was no fairy princess. She was not for him. Jade tore his gaze away. 
“What’s wrong?” asked Marigold.
“Nothing. It’s pretty…beautiful.”
There was a prolonged silence but Jade couldn’t look at her again. Finally, he turned away and moved towards the back of store, pretending to look some items. He heard Marigold and the shopkeeper leaving but he just couldn’t bear to see her like that. He had to tell her. What was he doing? It just wasn’t right. 
A few minutes later, he felt her beside him again. “I’m not getting it,” she said.
Jade looked up to see her back in her simple dress. “Why not?”
“Because you don’t like it.”
Jade met her gaze and looked deeply into her gentle brown eyes. She had been crying. “I like it very much,” he said softly.
“Then why did you look like that? You looked like you were in pain.”
“Because I…” but Jade couldn’t finished the sentence. His throat clenched tight with tears.
Just then, the woman called from the front of the shop. “I’ve packaged all your goods!”
Jade moved away from Marigold, pulling the money pouch from his coat. On the counter were several bags and a large box. It must be the dress. “How much?” he asked, holding out the moneybag.
“Oh, nothing, dear. It’s a gift.”
“I already accepted your money. I don’t think I should take all this too.” He indicated the goods on the counter, his hand coming to rest on the dress. 
“It looks so good on her. I want her to have it,” said the woman.
Jade sighed and looked into the woman’s eyes. “Are you sure it’s okay?”
“Of course! It would please me very much if you would honor me by accepting these as a gift.” She slid the packaged goods across the table towards him.”
“Thank you very much.” Jade placed the bags on the box and lifted the pile. He smiled at the woman and turned to leave. 
Marigold was at his side. “Do you want me to carry something?”
“I’ve got it.”

Jade had been so abrupt in the store and, now that they were back in the hotel, he was quiet. When Marigold tried to start a conversation, he just answered in one or two words. What is wrong with him? Marigold couldn’t even guess. He seemed okay with how he had used his powers to stop the villain in the shop. So where is this all coming from? She thought back. It had started when he had seen her in that dress. How she wished she had never tried the thing on. But why had he responded like that? What did it mean? She must have done something wrong, she decided. 
As she lay in the large bed that evening, Marigold felt sad. Jade had not even wished her goodnight. Alone in the darkness, she tried to hold back the tears but they came anyway. He was taking care of her but…she didn’t feel loved anymore.
That night, Marigold dreamed of Jade. They were in a beautiful ballroom in a castle. Jade knelt on one knee and pulled a ring from his pocket. Marigold gasped with delight and opened her eyes to the darkened room of the inn. She tried to make sense of the dream. Did it mean something? Jade had said that he loved her. Would he really propose to her? Perhaps that was the cause of his behavior. Maybe he was struggling with the decision of when to propose to her. What if he had even bought a ring at the store? Maybe that’s why he didn’t want her to carry the parcels! But part of him probably knows that it is right that he should reconcile with his brother first. Marigold determined that she would do all she could through her behavior to let Jade know that it was okay to wait until things were settled before proposing. But, oh, how she longed for that day! Now that she felt she understood what Jade was going through, Marigold fell back to sleep with a new peace in her heart.



Chapter 21

The next day, they exchanged their sleigh for saddles and set off for the capital of Kedrin. They journeyed for a little over two months. Jade had to use his power almost constantly to keep Marigold warm while on horseback. Their progress was slow because of the ever-deepening snow. It was a bitterly cold winter and they stopped at inns, whenever they could, to get shelter, food for themselves and grain for their horses.
Finally, the capital city was in sight. Jade had a flash. He saw his brother, Tristan, with Sky, inside the castle. 
“Sky,” said Tristan, “do you sense anything unusual?”
She stood still, like a deer sniffing for a scent on the wind. “I’m not sure,” she said. “Why?”
“I can feel Jade. In the years since we imprisoned him, I have never felt him before.”
“What does it mean?”
“He’s coming. And he’s close.”
“We must go meet him,” said Sky.
Jade blinked as the vision faded from his mind. “Tristan knows I’m coming.”
“How do you know?” asked Marigold.
“I see things sometimes. I saw my brother talking to his wife. He feels me approaching.” Jade looked into Marigold’s weary face and knew he had done wrong by her. He still had not told her the truth. I can never marry you. But he could not bring himself to say the words aloud. She would know soon enough now, anyway.
“Did your brother look angry?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think so.” Jade couldn’t meet her gaze. He stopped his horse. Marigold needed to hear the truth.
She reigned in her horse and stopped beside him. “We’re waiting for your brother here?”
“I think it would be better to meet him here than in the crowded city - just in case it comes to a fire fight of powers.”
“You will battle him?” asked Marigold.
“I hope not. Peace is what we need now. I will ask his forgiveness…Marigold, I need to tell you something.”
“What is it, Jade?”
“I can never marry you.”
“What?” her expression changed from shock to anger.
“I belong to the royal line of Asitelle. I can only marry an Asitellian or one of fairy blood. I have to marry one of my own kind.”
“Is that your law or your culture?” Her voice quavered, and Jade could see the frustration on her face. 
“Neither. If I marry a mortal, both she and I will die. So it is recorded in the history books of the Asitellians.”
“You said you loved me!” Marigold burst into tears. “You tricked me! I came all this way…for nothing!”
“I do love you…Marigold, I’m so sorry.” Jade just didn’t know what else he could say. 
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” she demanded. “I feel like a fool!”
“I…I just couldn’t stand the thought of not being with you.” Tears blurred his vision. I can’t fall apart now. Tristan will be here shortly. But his heart felt like it was being torn in two.
“I feel like turning my horse around and going home!” Marigold shouted.
“No. Please, Marigold. I need you standing by my side when I face my brother. I need you. Please…”
“For these two months, I believed I was going to marry you. I want to get married and have children, Jade. What do you expect of me? That I should be with you always but never married?”
“No…I’ll find you a suitable husband, if that’s what you want. I have that blue dress you tried on.” He put his hand on a saddlebag. “At the palace, I’m sure you will have all sorts of suitors. You will find a good man who will be able to provide for you and give you healthy children.” He would say anything to keep her from being angry with him. Oh, how can I ever give Marigold to someone else?

Marigold considered his unbelievable suggestion. She didn’t feel that she could ever love another. But the truth was, she couldn’t even get home by herself…and there was nothing for her there anyway. Reluctantly, Marigold nodded.

The army of Kedrin thundered down the road towards them, with Tristan leading the charge. His brother’s golden hair and armor flashed as he approached. Sky rode beside Tristan, also dressed for battle, her orange hair reflecting the sunlight. A perfectly matched pair, resplendent in glory.
Jade took a deep breath. “I wish I had thought to send a gift ahead and a letter explaining that I have come to ask his forgiveness. But I have nothing to offer…only myself.”
Jade heard them in his mind as they approached.
“We must be careful, Tristan,” said Sky. “Can you sense his intentions?”
“No. I can’t be sure.”
“Is that the King?” asked Marigold.
“Yes.” Jade’s eyes were fixed upon the brilliance of his brother.
As the army of Kedrin approached, weapons at the ready, Marigold dismounted and knelt on the frozen road beside her horse. She looked as though she were praying. Jade followed her lead, kneeling beside her.
“Jade.” The king dismounted and stood before them.
“I’m sorry, Tristan. I was wrong.” Jade looked down.
“I forgive you.” Tristan kissed the top of Jade’s head, hoisted him to his feet, and then pulled him into an embrace. “You will come home to the palace and live with us?” Tristan held him at arms length to look at him.
Jade nodded.
“And who is this?” Sky reached for Marigold’s hand. “Sister sprite,” she said with a warm smile. But as she touched Marigold, her expression turned to one of dismay. “You have no powers? You’re not of the fairy kind...” With grave concern, she looked to Tristan and then to Jade. “You love her?” asked Sky. Jade nodded. “But she is not for you. How terribly unhappy! You poor thing! Did you read the fairy script on the seal?”
“I did,” said Marigold.
“Oh! How odd and how unfortunate!” said Sky. “Perhaps it was through wood sprite mischief that you were able to read the text.”
“Come,” said Tristan. “Let us return to the palace. We have much to discuss.” 
They remounted and rode through the city to the palace. 
“Sky and I would speak with you in my study,” said Tristan.
“Let Marigold come too. She has no family and I am honor-bound to care for her.”
“Very well,” said Tristan looking at Marigold, still wearing her simple peasant dress. 
Sky led them to a large study, lavishly decorated with a thick carpet of deep red. Tristan took a seat behind an ornate wooden desk. Sky sat on a smaller chair beside him. Jade and Marigold sat down opposite them, on the other side of the desk.
“Jade, we’re so glad you have returned.” Tristan said. He and Sky looked at each other and Sky’s eyes filled with tears.
“We can’t have children,” Sky blurted.





	
Chapter 22

Jade saw the sorrow on their faces as he realized the significance of their predicament and what it might mean for him. 
“Brother,” said the king, “you will need to marry and produce an heir.”
Jade’s gaze flicked to Marigold. Her eyes were filled with tears.
“There will be unrest in the kingdom if they see there is no heir forthcoming,” said Sky. “We need you to do this.”
“But I’m not ready to be married. In any case, how could I?” objected Jade. “The fairies won’t marry us anymore and there are no other Asitellians!”
“We have discovered a woman of fairy blood who is for sale,” said Tristan quietly. “Half-fairy.” 
“For sale?” sputtered Jade. “You intend to buy me a wife? What kind of fairy is for sale? And only half-fairy, will that work?”
“Yes. It has been documented twice, in our history books, that an Asitellian married a half-fairy. The one who is for sale is half-human but she is of fairy kind blood. Presently, she is a prisoner, in the possession of the King of Dural,” said Tristan gravely. 
“It is our only choice,” said Sky. “Otherwise…what will become of the kingdom of Kedrin?”
“No heir would mean war,” said Tristan. 
Jade looked to Marigold. The tears were gone and she was nodding solemnly. 
“Okay,” said Jade. “I’ll do it.”
“Excellent,” said his brother. “We will send for her immediately.”
“Come,” said Sky to Marigold. “I’ll show you where you can stay.” The women left the room.
“You love her?” asked Tristan.
Jade nodded, blinking a stray tear from his eye. “It doesn’t matter now.”
“I’m so sorry, Jade,” said Tristan. “It was not our intention that you would fall in love with someone you could never have.”
Jade nodded again and looked up at his brother. “It’s good to be home.”
“Don’t worry; she will be provided for. We will give her the title of duchess and find someone suitable for her to wed.” 
Later that afternoon, Jade was summoned again to Tristan’s study. 
“Jade, I wanted you to be here while I write the letter to the King of Dural.” Tristan pulled a fresh piece of parchment from his desk and penned a message in flowing script. In a few moments, he spoke again, “There, it is done. I have offered to buy the fairy - at any price.”
Jade nodded. “You will send the letter immediately?” 
“As soon as I have chosen some appropriate gift to send to the King of Dural from the treasury. Come. Let us go search together.” Tristan stood and stepped out from behind the desk.
Jade rose and followed his brother. Perhaps the fairy would be grateful to him for rescuing her from slavery and making her a princess. If he were kind to her, perhaps she would grow fond of him, even love him. But I could never love her because my heart belongs to someone else. He pushed the thoughts away. He had to focus on his duties now. The land needed peace and an heir to the throne would ensure that. 
Down in the bowels of the castle, in a secret chamber was the treasury. Jade and Tristan sifted through coins, rings, gems, vases and other items of value. 
“I really have no idea what would make a good gift,” said Jade. “I’m glad you’re the king. I don’t think I’d be any good at this kind of thing.”
“I don’t have any idea either,” replied Tristan, conspiratorially. “I’ve never arranged to buy a fairy slave before.” The brothers laughed together. “It’s good to have you home, Jade. I feared…” Tristan turned from the gold on the floor to look at Jade. He blinked away tears and then grinned. “I feared I would never see you again. But now, here you are. It is just as I always wished it could be.” Tristan moved towards Jade and the brothers embraced. 
Jade smiled, despite himself. “That’s enough now,” said Jade, pushing away, still smiling. He couldn’t help it. He had never cared for Tristan before but now…It is…pleasant. He cares about me – loves me. “I am glad too, Brother.” His eye landed on a jewel encrusted scabbard which held a sword with a large gem in the hilt, “What about this?”
“Ah, that!” said Tristan. “That would make a fine gift.” He took it from Jade and held it up to the light. “Very fine. Perhaps too fine. Hmm…”
“Yes,” said Jade, “It is something I should like to have for myself.”
“It is yours.” Tristan presented the sword and scabbard to Jade. “It used to belong to our great-grandfather. Now it will be yours. I don’t think we should give it away outside of the family.”
Jade took the sword from his brother. “Thank you!” He strapped it to his belt and it felt right. It was as though it became a part of him. As though the sword was meant for him – like it had been his all along. 
“Looks good on you, Brother…Ah ha! This!”
Jade felt disorientated for a moment as a vision flashed into his mind.
“A duchess!” cried Marigold. “Me a duchess? Make a farm-girl a duchess? Whatever for?”
Sky’s clear blue eyes gazed at her with compassion. She reached out and touched Marigold’s silky brown hair. “You will make a beautiful duchess.” The women stared at each other a moment longer. Sky sighed. “You have no one we can send you home to. But you can’t stay here. It would be just too painful…for both of you.”
Marigold’s amber eyes filled with tears that then spilled out onto her cheeks. “I still have my farm. I could go home.”
“Wait a while,” said Sky, placing her hand on Marigold’s hand. “We will find someone for you to marry. Someone who will take care of you. Who knows? Perhaps you will find love again.”
Marigold only shook her head sadly.
Jade blinked and found himself still in the treasury with his brother. Tristan was holding up a large, dark-colored tapestry, a golden rod at its top and bottom.
“I said, ‘What do you think of this?’” said Tristan. 
“Oh. Yeah. I think that would be perfect.”
“I shall send it out with the letter this afternoon.”





	
Chapter 23

When the entourage arrived from Dural, King Tristan and Prince Jade were hunting in the Royal Forest. Sky was feeling ill.
“You must greet the princes of Dural, Marigold,” said Sky. “They will be expecting a royal welcome. It would be an insult for them to be met by a mere servant.”
“Will I be their royal welcome?” asked Marigold.
“You are Duchess Marigold. Yes. Go now, before we insult them by making them wait.”
Marigold hurried to the grand entranceway of the palace as quickly as her fancy frock would allow. Life certainly had been simpler on the farm.
Three men stood in the main hall, with a small bevy of servants crowded behind them. All were tall. The eldest was slender. The middle brother was broad and well muscled. The youngest looked strong, too, but not as bulky.
“Welcome to the capital of Kedrin, Princes of Dural.” She curtsied low. “I am Duchess Marigold.”
“How lovely. I am Prince Kelly, the eldest, and heir to the throne of Dural.” His fair hair was thinning but his clothing was very fine. “These are my brothers, Bernón and René.” He gestured to his brothers.
“How do you do,” said René, bowing. The youngest prince had light brown hair and a smooth tenor voice. When he looked up, there was a deep sadness in his blue eyes.
Bernón snorted and, with annoyance, asked, “Are you going to lead us to our rooms or must we suffer, standing, in the hall all afternoon?” His amber eyes, the color of his hair, flashed with anger.
Kelly looked at him disapprovingly and then said to Marigold, “You will have to forgive my brother. It has been a long trip.”
“Of course. This way,” she said, leading them to their chambers.
“We have left the slave with our servants,” said Kelly when they had reached their room. “When should we be ready for dinner?”
“At the sixth hour, in the dining hall. Ring and a servant will show you the way.”
“Thank you,” he said.
Marigold curtsied and walked out. She was about to walk away down the hallway when she overheard her name spoken. The princes’ door was still open but they couldn’t see her where she was standing in the hall.
“So, what do you think of Marigold, René?” Prince Kelly inquired.
“Marigold? She’s quite beautiful...Why?”
“The letter Father received stated that they want her to be married as soon as possible. And since I am already married and Bernón is betrothed, the pleasure falls to you.”
So, I’m to be included in this trade arrangement? Marigold fumed. She was not some item on a list to be bartered! Marigold flattened herself against the wall near the doorway so she could continue to listen in. 
“But I don’t want to marry her. I love...another,” he finished quietly. 
“Who do you love? Adrian? Well, you can never have her,” Bernón said, laughing cruelly. 
“Bernón,” silenced Kelly. “René,” he spoke more gently, “you know you cannot love Adrian. Bernón wanted her first and he was older, but Father forbid him because our father doesn’t want us mixing our blood with the fairies. Father would never let you have her either. And isn’t this a better life for her anyway? Her children will become heirs to the throne of Kedrin,” he spoke soothingly, “and we need the treasures we can obtain from this sale, René. You know Dural is a small kingdom and things are not going well for us right now. They will buy Adrian at any price! We cannot refuse.”
Poor René! thought Marigold. They were more alike than she had realized.
“Just try to enjoy Marigold’s company this evening,” said Prince Kelly. “Perhaps she will bring you comfort.”
Marigold heard swiftly approaching footsteps. She straightened and her eyes darted about. But there was nowhere she could hide in time. René stormed out of the room, almost colliding with Marigold. There was an angry expression on his countenance that transformed into one of surprise as he stopped just short of knocking into her. Marigold took a breath and was about to apologize. René silenced her with a gesture and beckoned her to follow him.
When they had gone the length of two halls, he turned to her, his features stern. “You were spying on us? My brothers would be very angry if they knew.”
“I’m sorry!” she sputtered. It was her turn to be angry now. Marigold crossed her arms. “But I heard you talking about me and then…I’m not some item or animal to be traded. I had no idea that I had been written into the agreement.”
René sighed and leaned against the stone wall. “I was surprised when I was permitted to come with my brothers to Kedrin, since everyone knows how I feel about Adrian. Now I understand.”
His blue eyes locked onto her gaze. “But what are we to do? Refuse? I would not get to marry the one I love anyway. If I antagonize my family, I may end up banished. And how would that serve me? Adrian will still wed Prince Jade, no matter what I do.” He sighed again. “And what about you? What is your story, Duchess Marigold?”
“I’m not really a duchess. I’m just a farm-girl who followed Jade here to the capital of Kedrin because…because I’m in love with him.”
René gasped and took a step towards her. “You love Jade?” He paused and looked at her intently. “Isn’t there anything that can be done, then, since I love Adrian and you love Jade? Does the prince love you back?”
Marigold nodded and her eyes filled with tears. “But you see, he’s an Asitellian and I’m not of the fairy kind. So if I were to marry Jade, he and I would both die.”
“Oh.” René slumped back against the wall. 
Marigold wiped the tears from her face, though a new torrent was forming in her eyes. “I’m sorry,” she gasped. “I feel like I’m part of the reason for your unhappiness.”
“No. Not at all, Marigold.” Prince René stepped towards her uncertainly. “Father would never let me have her. It has nothing to do with you.”
Marigold sniffed and swiped at her face again. “I’m sorry you can’t have happiness with the one you love. If there were any way I could help you, I would do it.”
“Thank you, Marigold. You are kind,” he murmured. He held out his arms to her and they embraced briefly with great awkwardness.
Marigold stepped away, wiping her face again. “I’ll see you at dinner tonight,” she said, not looking up at him.
“It shall be my pleasure.”




Chapter 24

Jade sat, in tense anticipation, beside Tristan in the large dining room. Marigold sat on the other side of Sky. It was clear that they were trying to keep her away from Jade. It made sense. He strained to see the door when he heard a sound. Jade hadn’t seen Adrian yet. Were they trying to hide something? Did this fairy even exist? The princes of Dural made their way into the dining room and the servants seated them at the table. Adrian was conspicuously absent and the place next to Jade’s elbow remained empty. 
“Welcome,” said King Tristan to the guests. “It is an honor to have you join us for the evening meal.”
“Where’s the girl?” blurted Jade.
Bernón looked at him with scorn. “It would be unseemly to bring a slave to dinner with the royals.”
Jade stood violently, his chair falling to the ground behind him. He towered over the second prince of Dural, his power crackling just beneath the surface.
King Tristan also stood, putting a hand across Jade’s chest while making eye contact with Prince Kelly. “That is not acceptable.”
“I’m sorry, King Tristan. We shall not give you the girl until we have reached an agreement.”
“I understand,” said Tristan. “We must postpone dinner then and meet in my study instead. Come; let us finalize the details. Bring your brothers and the girl.”
“Bernón and the fairy I will bring. But I’m afraid that René would just be troublesome. Perhaps Marigold could entertain him here while we retire to your study.”
“Very well,” said the king.
Kelly sent his servants to fetch Adrian, and King Tristan led the way, down the grand hall to the study. The princes of Dural sat down at the large desk opposite Tristan and Jade. Sky hovered near Tristan’s other elbow. 
A servant arrived, leading a young woman, who was dirty and emaciated. 
Sky gasped. “Her condition…”
“She’s a slave,” said Bernón, “not a princess.”
“She’s a dark-haired beauty,” said Jade quietly. But the girl didn’t look up at him.
“This is what we are willing to offer.” King Tristan slid a document across the table to Prince Kelly.
The princes of Dural read the document. “They need her. We could get more,” Bernón whispered fiercely to his brother. 
“This agreement sounds fair,” said Prince Kelly. He held the parchment up and read aloud, “These are the terms whereby the possession of Adrian, the fairy slave, goes to Jade, Prince of Kedrin. The King of Dural will receive twelve chests of silver, ten chests of gold, and three chests of precious stones from Tristan, the King of Kedrin. In addition, Duchess Marigold will be given to Prince René in marriage.” Nodding, he put the contract on the desk and signed it with a flourish. Kelly looked up and passed the paper back to Tristan. 
Bernón glared at Jade with murderous hate in his eyes.
The King also signed. “Now we shall celebrate this happy day!” said Tristan. “Sky darling, take Adrian and find her some proper attire for dinner.”
“This way, dear,” said Sky, leading the younger sprite away.
Soon the men had gathered in the dining hall.
“I wish to eat now,” muttered Bernón.
Jade scowled at him and Bernón met his gaze with defiance. “We will wait for my fiancée.” 
“You might like to know, René,” said Bernón, “that your marriage to Marigold was written into the agreement that Kelly just signed.”
René looked at Kelly, who nodded ever so slightly. The third prince of Dural’s face took on a reddish hue. He crossed his arms over his chest but said nothing.
Just then, Sky arrived, escorting Adrian into the room. The girl looked very lovely. She was dark, as Jade was, and petite. She wore a dress of emerald green that made her dark eyes shine like onyx. Sky led her to the empty chair beside Jade. 
Jade stood to pull out the chair for her, causing the princes of Dural to also rise in respect, as the custom dictated - when someone stands, any man of equal or lower status must also stand.
As Jade resumed his chair, he saw venom pouring from Bernón’s eyes. He boldly stared back at the man seated across from him. Why does the second prince of Dural hate me?
“You’re very beautiful,” Jade murmured quietly to the half-fairy, seated beside him. But she kept her eyes on her plate and said nothing, as if she had not heard him. “Is this your first time in Kedrin?” he asked a few minutes later, trying to begin a conversation. But again she did not reply. The food arrived and Adrian busied herself with the task of eating. She ate gracefully, using the cutlery with ease. This was not just some slave. Who was this girl before she was captured? Jade noticed Marigold weeping quietly at the other end of the table. She was wearing the beautiful blue dress the shopkeeper had given them on their journey here; his heart pained at the sight of her. What is wrong? Should I go to her? But no. It wouldn’t be appropriate and Prince René had his hand on her arm. Jade tuned to the sound of René’s voice.
“Poor, beautiful Duchess Marigold. My story is much like yours, though not as grand, perhaps. One day, when my father was hunting, he found a young half-fairy girl caught in one of his traps. She was in agony and begged him to release her. He made her promise that she would live as a slave for the rest of her days if he released her from the trap. She promised and he freed her. The girl could have disappeared like a rainbow, and could still, but she kept her word and returned to the palace as his slave.
As soon as I saw her, I knew I loved her. And she, in turn, loved me. Unfortunately, Bernón wanted her for himself. What he felt, though, could not be called love, and Adrian only feared him. He insisted that our father let him marry her, and he, being older, had the right, but Father wouldn’t hear of it.
Father says it’s unnatural for us to mix with the fairy folk. So Father wouldn’t let Bernón have her, no matter how hard he fought for it. He wouldn’t let me have her, either, though I implored him with tears. Now it is too late. My love is betrothed to your love, and you are betrothed to me.”
Marigold started crying afresh. “Your story is sadder than mine.”
“How so?” asked René, sipping his wine.
“You could have married Adrian.”
René leaned over and whispered something to Marigold. Jade used his powers to continue to listen in. “Bernón is unstable and violent. Who knows what he would have done if I had married Adrian. We might have died, just like you and Jade...But perhaps…perhaps that would have been better.” René leaned to look past Jade to Adrian. Jade felt her shift beside him and turned to see her leaning to look at René. So. She is in love with Prince René. And that’s why Bernón looks so angry.
“Don’t say such things,” said Marigold. Jade looked back to see her hand now on René’s arm. “It is not for us to choose death. We must try to do what is right.”
“Of course, Marigold. You speak sense. I am glad I won’t be alone.” His hand found hers and held fast.
Jade felt the jealousy begin to burn inside him again. He focused on the food and pushed the thoughts away. Marigold was not his to be jealous over. Jade shifted his forearm so that he brushed against Adrian’s arm. But she merely leaned her body away from him, still not meeting his gaze.





	
Chapter 25

The next morning Jade had breakfast with Tristan, Sky and Adrian. Adrian was dressed in red and looked even more stunning than she had the previous evening. 
“You look lovely,” Jade said to his betrothed who was seated beside him.
“If I could choose I would never marry you,” she said, without looking at him.
King Tristan, seated opposite them, gasped. 
“Why do you hate me so?” asked Jade quietly. “I know you love René but why do you find me so detestable that you cannot look at me?” He looked at the fairy girl, waiting for an answer.
“For me to marry you…It is forbidden by our queen for us to marry with the line of Asitelle. It is against our law. But I am a slave and now you are my master.” She gestured helplessly.
“Many times, we get no choice about whom we marry,” said Sky, leaning towards her husband.
Adrian shook her head. “But…But the first time I looked into René’s eyes, I knew he was for me. When I saw him, I understood why God allowed me to be captured and brought to the castle. I was to marry René.”
Tristan sighed. “No. You will marry Jade, and Marigold will marry René. The king pulled his wife into an embrace.
“…And so the tragedy is doubled,” Sky murmured.
“It cannot be helped,” said the King.
“No,” agreed his wife.
“The wedding will be in three days time,” said Tristan.
“Three days!” exclaimed Jade. “Why so soon?”
“To delay would just make things…more difficult. After the wedding, the princes of Dural will leave, and Marigold will go with them to marry prince René.”
Adrian dropped her fork, which clattered against the fine china. Silent tears streamed down her face.
After breakfast, Jade left the castle and wandered through the palace grounds. An early spring had come to the land. Most of the snow had melted and buds had appeared on the shrubs. The air was still cold, especially in the early morning. Jade pulled his black cloak more closely around himself and then adjusted his sword at his hip. He didn’t use his power to warm himself, though. The pain of the cold wind on his face distracted him from the pain in his heart. She was so unlike Marigold. And she hated him. He knew for certain that he would never be able to love her. But how will I even be able to tolerate her? Jade found himself on the edge of the royal forest. The scent of pine trees was enticing and the deep shadows of the wood suited his mood. 
Suddenly Jade felt another presence there and turned to see Bernón thrusting his unsheathed blade towards him. Jade was run though. He gasped at the sharp pain of it. Black crept into the edges of his vision as he slumped to the ground. Bernón was sneering down at him. Jade tried to push himself up and draw his sword. He reached out with his power but he felt consciousness slipping away. 

Marigold and René walked the palace halls together. After a quiet breakfast alone, they had chanced a walk in the gardens but it really had been too chilly. It was much nicer walking inside today and looking at some of the paintings and tapestries in the castle. They rounded a corner and found Adrian standing there alone. Marigold could see that she had been crying.
“Are you alright?” Marigold asked.
“No,” she sobbed. “I’m to be married in three days!” She looked at René hopelessly and tears formed in his eyes, too. “I must go!” Adrian turned to flee in the other direction.
Bernón blocked her path. He shoved her sprawling onto the stone floor. “You won’t be marrying Prince Jade!” He spat on the ground. “That unnatural creature is dead.” Bernón pulled his sword from his sheath. 
“No!” cried Marigold. 
“Brother, what are you doing?” said René, drawing his own sword to face him.
“I’m changing the agreement,” he hissed. “When this is all over, you and Kelly will also be dead. I will be heir to the throne and Adrian will be mine.”
“Never!” she cried, picking herself off the floor. “I will never be yours!” She turned and shouted down the hallway, “Help! Help! Bernón’s gone mad! Someone help!”
Metal rang against metal as swords met. René and Bernón fought, their blades clashing again and again. They seemed equally matched. Then, suddenly, Bernón lunged for Marigold and yanked her in front of him. Marigold screamed.
“Drop your sword, René,” said Bernón, “or she dies.”
Prince René’s eyes went wide. He dropped his sword.
Quick and deadly as a cobra, Bernón reached his sword arm out from behind Marigold and struck René.
“No,” screamed Adrian. 
“What’s going on here?” called Kelly, hurrying up a different hallway.
“Watch out!” called Marigold. Bernón flung her into the wall. She fell, dazed, to the ground. 
Kelly didn’t have time to draw his sword before Bernón was on him, slicing him with the sword.
“Enough.” Adrian stood as rigid as a board. “Stop now, Bernón, before I am forced to use my fairy powers on you.”
“You will be mine. You’ll love me!”
“Never!”
Bernón ran at Adrian with his sword, a mad fury in his eyes. His sword struck her and she crumpled, just as Bernón disappeared in a blaze of purple light. Marigold looked around, expecting to see King Tristan or Sky. 
“What happened?” she asked, scooting to Adrian’s side. 
“I did it,” said Adrian, clutching a wound in her side. “Help me to Kelly. I must save the heir.”
“Help!” Marigold called down the hall. “Help! King Tristan! Sky! Help!”
“Quickly,” said Adrian. “I feel him slipping away.”
Marigold helped the sprite to a kneeling position beside Prince Kelly. Adrian put her hand on his chest. Purple power flowed into the man. He gasped deeply as his wounds began to heal. His eyes locked onto Adrian’s face. 
“Thank you,” he whispered.
Adrian’s eyelids fluttered closed and she collapsed into Marigold’s arms. 
Kelly sat up in alarm. Then he saw Prince René, lying wounded on the ground. “My brother!”
Running footfalls sounded in the hall. It was Tristan and Sky.
“René!” said Prince Kelly, now kneeling over his brother. “He’s badly wounded. Can you help him?” Kelly looked up at the king.
Tristan and Sky held hands as they knelt on the other side of the fallen man. Blue power flowed from them into René. He breathed more easily and then his eyes shot open. He sat up. 
Marigold, weeping, still held the crumpled fairy. “Please help her.”
The king and queen turned their attention to the wounded sprite. Their combined power flowed into her and Marigold watched, in amazement, as the wounds healed. Adrian sat up and smiled sleepily at René.
“Jade!” Marigold cried, jumping up. “Bernón said he killed Jade!”





	
Chapter 26

King Tristan organized his servants and guards to search the castle for Prince Jade. But it was Marigold who finally found him, twenty minutes later.
“Jade!” she cried, rushing to his side. He lay on his back near a large tree at the edge of the royal woods.
She turned to the servant who had been searching with her. “Go quickly. Get King Tristan and Queen Sky!” The man ran back towards the castle.
“Oh, Jade…” His eyes were open but they stared up into the sky, seeing nothing. Tears streamed down her face. “Jade?” She touched his hand but his skin was cold. A sob tore from her throat and she buried her face in her hands.
Quick footfalls sounded in the garden. Tristan and Sky came to a halt beside her and knelt to examine Jade. Marigold looked up and saw that Adrian, René, and Kelly had also come.
Tears sprang to Sky’s eyes and spilled out onto her cheeks.
“He’s already gone,” announced Tristan. “There’s nothing we can do for him now.”
“No!” cried Marigold. She clutched his cold hand between both of hers. “Please God, please bring him back to me. We can’t bring him back. But nothing is beyond your ability. Please…oh, please…” The tears tightened in her throat until she could speak no more. As she cried, she felt a surprising movement in Jade’s fingers. “Ah!” she cried out in surprise, releasing his hand and opening her eyes.
“What is it?” asked Sky, watching her with concern.
“Look…” Everyone’s eyes followed Marigold’s gaze and rested on Jade’s chest.
“He’s breathing!” cried Tristan. “He’s not dead!” He placed his hand on Jade as did Sky. They closed their eyes as power flowed into him. The wounds closed.
“He must not have been completely gone, after all,” murmured Sky. 
Jade took a deep breath and his eyelids fluttered open. His green eyes looked straight at Marigold. He smiled. “God sent me back.”

Relieved, they all walked back to the castle together, laughing and smiling. It had been so close. So much had almost been lost.
“You should have seen Adrian; she was so brave,” said Marigold. “Risking her own life, she stopped Bernón. She was wounded but she destroyed him before he could finish off his brothers. Then she used all that was left of her strength to heal Kelly so that Dural would not be left without an heir. She had no power left to heal herself. Adrian was willing to sacrifice herself for the good of the kingdom of Dural. She put Kelly’s life before her own.”
“I would have saved René next but the light in my eyes faded…Thank you, King Tristan and Queen Sky. Thank you for saving Prince René,” said Adrian.
“And thank you, Adrian, for saving me,” said Kelly. He stopped walking and took her hand. “I could feel myself slipping away. I think the king and queen would have arrived too late to help me. I owe you my life.” The crown prince of Dural bowed to the fairy slave-girl. The whole group had stopped to watch.
“After all that has happened…” Jade trailed off. Part of him wanted to keep the fairy slave. She was very beautiful and it seemed like she was his only chance to get married and produce an heir for the Kingdom of Kedrin. He struggled for a moment, looking into her dark eyes. But he knew what he had to do. “Brother, I will not marry Adrian against her will. It is not right.”
“No,” murmured Sky. “Not even for an heir. She is a brave and noble sprite who must be a slave no longer.”
 “I release you,” said Jade. “I am your master, according to the agreement, and I release you from slavery. You are free, Adrian.”
“Thank you, Prince Jade!” She looked into his eyes and beamed. 
“Adrian should marry Prince René, of course,” said Tristan. 
“King Tristan, I do wish to say yes but our kingdom needs the treasures this agreement will provide. Without the golden coins…I fear what would happen in our lands,” said Prince Kelly.
“I will give you the treasures we agreed on, as a gift. And, when you are king, our realms will always be allies.”
“Thank you! That is very generous. But what about our father? He will never approve. René will not be able to come home while my father lives.”
“I know where they could go,” said Marigold. “A quaint farm at the edge of Kedrin. It is far from the land of Dural.”
“Yes,” Prince Kelly agreed. “Thank you for your kindness, King Tristan,” he said, bowing.
Adrian and René gazed at each other with tears in their eyes. The half-fairy threw herself into the prince’s embrace.
“Oh, René, I’m so glad and so thankful!”
René spun her around in his arms. “We will be together for the rest of our days!” He held her close and kissed her hair. “I love you!”
Marigold’s eyes filled with tears. She was happy for them but, oh, if only she could have that with Jade! 
Prince René noticed her tears. “Duchess Marigold…” He pulled away from Adrian and stared at her awkwardly. “I’m sorry…” he stammered. “I cannot marry you.”
“I’m happy for you, Prince René. So very happy. I would not wish it any other way.”
“Thank you, Marigold.” 
He grabbed Adrian and swung her around again. “My Adrian, my Adrian!” She clung to him and giggled in delight. 
“Are the preparations in place for the wedding I would have had tomorrow?” Prince Jade asked his brother.
“Yes,” answered Sky. “Almost everything is ready.”
“I suggest Prince René be married in my place. We will tell our people the story of Adrian’s bravery. It will be a beautiful celebration.”
Tristan nodded. “It is good. I will send messengers with an amendment to the invitation at once.” The king looked at Prince René and Adrian. “Tomorrow, you will be wed.”
Tears of joy flowed down Adrian’s cheeks as she held hands with her prince.





	
Chapter 27

The next day dawned fair. The castle filled with guests, dressed in satin and lace, in all the colors of the rainbow. Jade and Marigold stood, in an inconspicuous alcove, watching the guests arrive. Marigold looked like a delicate pink rose, her fine dress petal soft. Jade was dressed in all black, as was his custom. Tristan had strongly disapproved, claiming it would be an insult, like he was mourning at René’s wedding. But Jade had spoken to Prince René and Adrian and neither of them cared at all what he would be wearing. 
“They’re so beautiful,” said Marigold.
“And they look so happy,” replied Jade.
Marigold’s hand touched Jade’s. They didn’t move apart. 
“So what now?” asked Marigold.
“We shall see our new friends wed and we will feel their joy…and hope it presses other thoughts aside for the day.”
Marigold felt a twinge of frustration. But what will become of us?
A beautiful woman with long flowing white hair but wrinkleless skin approached them. Her bright blue eyes sparkled and her gem-studded dress twinkled in the same hue. She swept into their alcove and locked eyes with Jade.
“You.”
“What?” asked Jade, taken aback by the woman’s forward manner.
“Why did you release the fairy slave? Wasn’t she the kingdom’s only hope of securing an heir?”
“She loved another,” said Jade. Then he looked down at his boots. “It wasn’t right that I should force her to marry me against her will.”
“That was noble of you, Prince Jade.” 
He looked up and saw the old woman smiling at him. “Thank you.”
“I am pleased.” She took his hand as if she would shake it but instead she merely held it, gazing deeply into his eyes. “Perhaps I was wrong,” she murmured. “Perhaps I was wrong after all.” She released him, turned with a swish of her dress, and made her way back into the crowd.
“That was odd,” said Marigold. “Who is she?”
“I have no idea.”
Soon it was time for the wedding to take place in the grand hall. Marigold and Jade sat together near the front. The minister was there and the music was beginning. The bride was just entering through the door and the crowd turned to watch. The strange old woman was at Adrian’s arm, accompanying her down the aisle. Marigold glanced at Jade and found him looking at her. 
“What?” she whispered. 
“I was just wondering what you would look like dressed in white.”
Marigold’s heart squeezed in her chest. “I don’t care for that color much.”
“No. I guess not.” His eyes looked beyond her and settled on the bride once more.
When they reached the dais, they stopped and looked up at the minister. “Who gives this woman to be married?” he asked.
“I do,” replied the lady dressed in blue. “I, the Queen of the Fairies, give Adrian to be married to Prince René.”
Jade gasped. The Queen of the Fairies! Did his brother know? He looked to where his brother was seated on the other side of him and saw surprise written on Tristan’s face.
The minister beckoned for the two women to ascend the stairs. The music continued as Prince René, followed by his best man, Prince Kelly, made their way down the aisle. The Queen of the Fairies and Adrian stood facing the crowd. The younger woman’s eyes remained fixed on Prince René. He stepped up beside her and the two of them faced each other, holding hands. Prince Kelly took his place on the other side of René. 
Adrian and Prince René said their vows to each other, declaring their love to be forever true. 
“Do you, Prince René, take Adrian to be your lawfully wedded wife until death do you part?”
“I do.”
“And do you, Adrian, take Prince René to be your lawfully wedded husband until death do you part?”
“I do,” she said, tears spilling down her cheeks.
“I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride.”
Adrian flung herself into Prince René’s arms and he kissed her tenderly on the lips. Marigold sighed. When they pulled apart, they were beaming with happiness.
“And now,” Adrian’s voice rang out unexpectedly through the grand hall, “the Queen of the Fairies would like to make an announcement.” She stepped aside, tugging her new husband with her.
The lady with the flowing white hair and sparkling blue eyes stepped forward.
“It was many years ago that I forbade my people to marry with the line of Asitelle. Now I see that Prince Jade is an honorable, compassionate man. I was wrong. Today, I withdraw my edict. Any of my people may marry with any of those from the line of Asitelle.”
The crowd stood to their feet and cheered. Tristan pulled Jade into a tight squeeze and gave him a thump on the back as they parted. “There’s hope for our kingdom after all,” he whispered.
Music sounded and bride and groom walked down the aisle, followed by Prince Kelly and the Queen of the Fairies, surrounded by the wildly cheering crowd. Jade felt cold dread replacing the ache in his heart. I will have to marry someone else, after all. He looked at Mari and saw tears in her eyes again. Tears of joy or of sorrow? He could not tell. Why did everything have to be mixed, the good soured by disappointment and pain? How he longed for a happy ending.





	
Chapter 28

René and Adrian slipped away to Marigold’s farm when Prince Kelly returned home. Six weeks after the departure of the princes of Dural, a ball was held in King Tristan’s Palace. Jade immediately saw through the pretense of a random celebration. Not only would all the nobles of the land be in attendance but also many of the fairy kind. He knew why all the fairies had been invited to a party at the castle.
“How long do I have to decide?” he asked Tristan, as they stood straightening their clothing before entering the ballroom. Sky had convinced Jade to wear a purple shirt, so he felt a little gaudy and self-conscious. 
Tristan’s blue eyes regarded him seriously for a moment. “This is important, Jade.”
“I know.”
“Sooner would be better. We don’t want to give our enemies something to use against us. We need an heir.”
“I know.”
“It would be best if you could choose someone this evening. Here’s a ring. If you find someone suitable, give it to her.” He held out a golden ring crowned with a large diamond. 
“Today? Surely you jest!”
Tristan stared at him, unsmiling. “No.”
Jade sighed. He took the ring and shoved it into his pocket. “I’ll do my best. What about Marigold?”
“What about Marigold?” Tristan countered.
“What will happen to her?” 
“Maybe she’ll find someone, too. Or we’ll arrange something else. Marigold is no longer your concern. Sky and I will make sure she is taken care of. Being together would just cause you both further pain.”
Jade walked away from his brother, out into the ballroom, to meet the waiting fairies. So. The glittering beauty of the fairy kind would be his torment. He noticed that even the Queen of the Fairies was there, participating in the merriment. Jade walked through the crowd, trying to speak politely, trying to put his heart into choosing one of the fine fairy women. But he couldn’t see any of them. The vision of Mari in his mind’s eye blocked out reality. I will have to ask Sky to choose for me, he finally decided, as he turned away from someone who was speaking to him. Jade scanned the room. But he didn’t see Sky anywhere. Or Marigold. They must be keeping Mari from him. He wandered away from the flowing dresses congregating about him. It was like he was already dead. A wandering, restless soul, never to be granted peace. 
He drifted from the glittering ballroom and took to wandering the darker corridors of the castle. When he found himself at Sky’s bedchamber, he was met with the sound of sobbing. It was Marigold crying. Jade leaned his forehead against the heavy wooden door. This is no good. Tristan was right. He had to break ties with her, for her sanity and for his own.
Jade knocked on the door. The sounds inside quieted and Sky opened the door a little and looked out into the hall.
“I want to speak with Marigold.”
“I don’t think that would be wise.” Sky held the door so that Jade couldn’t see into the room.
“Marigold!” he shouted. “I need to speak to you!”
Green power flowed from him, wrenching the door off its hinges and flinging it down the hallway. Sky’s eyes went wide in fright. Jade laughed nervously. “Sorry about that. It was as much a surprise to me as to you, I assure you.” He walked past the queen into the room.
Marigold rushed to him and flung her arms about his neck. “Jade! They’ve been keeping me from you! They wouldn’t let me see you!”
He held her close, burying his face in her auburn hair. He was supposed to be saying goodbye, not holding her. Jade pulled away. “I think we need to say goodbye, Marigold. I think we need to say goodbye…forever.” He felt tears coming to his own eyes and the tightness in his throat prevented him from speaking more.

Marigold couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Just when she needed him most, he was abandoning her? “But you said you’d take care of me…What have I ever done that has made you want to say goodbye to me forever?” 
Jade looked down at the floor and stepped back from her. “Mari…this is no good.” He wouldn’t look at her now. “You need to marry someone else and forget about me. And I need to do the same.”
“No!” cried Marigold. “I will not accept it!”
Though he tried not to, Jade looked at her and smiled. He couldn’t help himself. He liked the fire he saw burning inside her. “Surely we cannot remain as friends who love each other but never marry,” he said. “Would we stand by and watch the kingdom of Kedrin be torn apart by its enemies when no heir is produced?”
Sky tried to step between them. “I insist you leave, Jade. The two of you shouldn’t be speaking.”
“I will speak with her, Sky. Do not come between us.” The sternness in his features must have frightened the fairy for she scurried away, likely going to find Tristan.
Marigold wiped the tears from her face and neck. “No, that’s not what I mean…”
“What then, shall we wed and await the death that has come to all who don’t heed the warning written in our books?” Jade took her hands and stepped closer to her. “I would if you told me to. Anything for you, Mari…I love you.”
Marigold struggled to speak through her tears. “No. You know…we cannot embrace death.” She pushed herself into his arms again and he held her until her sobs lessened enough for her to speak. Then she pushed away and looked into his face again. “I mean I will not accept him.”
“Who?”
“The wood sprite who has asked for my hand in marriage. I will not marry him. It doesn’t matter what the king and queen say or how insistent he has become. I refuse. But Sky will not listen. She says it is an honor and I will be happy in their magical lands. But I don’t want to go. Jade, you said you would take care of me. Don’t let them do this to me.”
Marigold watched his expression change from a look of sorrow to one of hardened anger. “Never fear, Marigold. They will listen to you. I will see to it. This union will not happen if you do not wish it.”
“I do not. Jade…I understand that you need to marry someone else and that I need to leave. I will depart from the castle as soon as possible and never come back, for the good of the kingdom. But I will never marry him. He is evil and not to be trusted. I could see it in his eyes.”
Jade wrapped his arms about her again and held her. He just couldn’t help himself. “I will give you money and an armed escort back to your home on the farm.” He pulled away and looked into her face. “Will you hate me if I marry someone else?”
“No. How could I ever hate you?”
“I think it would be pretty easy, actually.”
“Hating you would be impossible. I will always love you, Jade,” she whispered.
“I’m thinking of letting Sky and Tristan choose someone and of marrying her right away…in the morning...or even tonight.”
Marigold nodded. “Everything has been so stressful… Things need to be settled now.”
“I don’t think my heart can take more, Marigold…” His voice cracked and tears spilled out on to his cheeks. “If I don’t try to forget you…I fear my heart will break in two.”
Marigold was crying again, too. “I’m sorry, Jade.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for, my beautiful, charming Marigold. Whoever marries you one day will be getting a great treasure indeed. It is only because of you that I have become the person that I am.” He wiped his face and tore his eyes away from her. “You saved me, Marigold,” he said quietly.





	
Chapter 29

At Jade’s insistence, Sky and Tristan agreed to give Marigold money and have her escorted from the palace. Four of their most trusted guards were sent with her to take her back to her farm. Jade watched her go, that same evening, by the light of the setting sun. He stood at an open window, high in a castle tower. The party in the ballroom continued and Prince Jade was supposed to be there. But he just had to see her one last time. Though it was already well into spring, the air was cold and a sprinkling of snow fell from the sky. God…if there is any way…I want to wed Marigold. Surely nothing is impossible for you who has created all that is? But there was no reply. Sadly, Jade turned from the window and descended the stairs to rejoin the glittering, meaningless celebration. 
“I think I have found the perfect one for you,” whispered Sky as he entered the ballroom. “Come dance with her and see if you like her.” 
He followed Sky and greeted the woman she led him to. But he felt only sorrow. 
“So what do you think?” asked Sky, after the dance was over and the coupled had parted.
“About what?”
“About her, of course.”
“Her?”
“Princess River! She’s my sister! I’ve only just met her. But isn’t she wonderful?”
“Oh. I already told you, Sky. I leave the decision in your hands.” He started walking away from the queen.
“Wait! Listen! This is very important,” she said, following him. “You need to…”
“Prince Jade!” He looked up to see a man and a woman in traveling clothes running though the crowd towards him. Several castle guards were chasing the pair. It was René and Adrian!
“It’s okay,” Jade called to the men. The guards broke off the pursuit and returned to their posts.
Adrian reached him first and spoke breathlessly, “Where’s Marigold?”
“We’ve sent her out with a armed escort. She’s returning home.”
“No!” cried René. “How long ago did she leave?”
“Not too long ago. Why?” Fairy folk had gathered around them now and were listening in on the conversation.
“There’s a plot afoot,” explained René.
“It’s her family,” said Adrian. “They’re planning to take her back to their land, by force if necessary. Her grandfather only just found out about her. Someone from the queen’s court told him what had happened to Marigold’s mother – what she had done.”
The Queen of the Fairies was standing with them now. “Speak clearly, my child, what are you trying to say? Who is Marigold’s mother?”
But Jade had heard enough. Marigold was in danger. He had to save her. Jade ran from the ballroom to the stables. Green energy crackled about him. He leapt onto his horse, and the beast, sensing his urgency, pounded from the courtyard across the drawbridge. Please let me be in time to save her. With his power flowing about him, Jade and the horse almost flew down the road that led through the town and away from the castle. 
Then he saw one of the palace horses, travelling towards him, rider-less. That could only mean one thing. They had been attacked! At least one of his guards lay sprawled on the ground somewhere. But what of Marigold? He urged his horse faster in desperation. Marigold. He had to save her. He came upon four fallen guards, lying strewn by the side of the road. They were dazed and wounded but not dead. The snow had left a light powder on the ground and one set of horse tracks led away from the fallen guards, across a field and into the nearby woods. Jade prayed he would find Marigold at the end of this trail. He galloped across the open meadow towards the trees. 
He heard a muffled cry. She was there but so were her attackers. Jade lit the sky with his power and saw Marigold on a horse, held by one of the elfin kind – large and well muscled. He had his hand over her mouth. Jade struck him with his power but the man deflected the blow. 
“I am taking her,” called the brute. “She will be returned to her family.”
“Wrong,” shouted Jade, striking with his power again. “She will not be taken anywhere against her will.”
Jade shot his power at the man again and again, deflecting the beams the man fired back. He landed blow after blow on the brute but seemingly to no avail. Jade maneuvered his horse closer yet. He launched himself through the air and struck the brute with his sword. The big man lost his balance and fell from the horse. Marigold, now free, urged the horse away from her fallen captor. Hoof beats sounded in the distance. Jade turned and saw that the king and queen, still in their party clothes, had almost reached them. 
The large elfin brute ran off into the woods and disappeared in a cloud of sparkling dust.
Jade remounted and followed Marigold out of the wood. He pulled her onto his own horse and she rested gratefully against his chest.
“Thank you,” she murmured. “That was the elf who wanted to marry me. I guess he just couldn’t take no for an answer.”
“But I don’t understand what he was saying,” said Jade.
“Nor do I. Perhaps he was crazy?”
Sky and Tristan pulled their horses to an abrupt stop. “Are you alright, Marigold?” asked Sky.
“Yes, just frightened.”
“This is a very fortunate day,” said the King. “Let’s return to the palace immediately.”
On the way back, they healed the fallen guards so that they would be able to walk back to the castle.
Once they had left the horses in the stable, Tristan led them back to the ballroom. 
“I’m not in the mood for more dancing,” said Jade.
“You’ll be in the mood for this,” said Sky, smiling. 
A servant took Marigold’s coat, leaving her feeling conspicuous in her simple, peasant’s traveling dress as she entered the grand ballroom filled with glittering, exotic folk. Everyone was looking at her. Sky and Tristan led them towards the raised dais at one end of the ballroom. Marigold was surprised to see the minister there.
The Queen of the Fairies met them at the bottom of the stairs. “I will make sure those wood sprites never bother you again. Never fear. I will have my people take care of it.” She took Marigold’s hands and looked into her face. “And you…I should have seen it. Especially with a name like Marigold,” she murmured. “Your mother…her real name was Lilac. She was a wood sprite. Lilac came to me one day, many years ago. She wanted to escape her father and her family. They were a noxious clan. She begged me to take away her powers so she could hide among the humans. So I did. Her father never stopped looking for her. Apparently, she hid in plain sight: she married a farmer and lived right on the edge of the woods where she had grown up.”
“That must have been the special thing she was going to tell me when I turned sixteen... but she never got the chance. And I guess she never told my father her secret… So my mother was a fairy…I’m half-fairy.” Marigold began to cry as she realized what that truth would mean. She looked at Jade, who was smiling at her and trying not to cry.
“That’s right, my child. You are of the fairy kind. And here is my gift to you.” The Fairy Queen put her hand on Marigold’s dress and it became a sparkling white wedding gown. Marigold turned to Jade.
“Well, I think you look fantastic in white.” Jade wiped the tears from his face and took her hand. Kneeling before her, he asked, “Marigold, will you marry me?” He held out a golden ring, just like the one she had seen in her dream.
“Yes!” She gave him her hand and he slid the golden band onto her finger. They walked up the stairs to the minister. Jade and Marigold held hands and looked into each other’s eyes.
“I will be faithful to you for my whole life,” said Jade. “And I’ll be patient with you too. And I’m not going to be angry or controlling. I’m going to take care of you and treat you as my equal. Because you are, and even more…I love you, Mari.”
“Jade…I’m so glad I can be your wife! We get our happily-ever-after, after all! I’m going to help you and be here for you my whole life. I love you!”
“I now pronounce you man and wife,” said the minister. “You may now kiss the bride.”
Relief washed over Jade as he pulled Marigold into his arms. She would be his, just like he wanted, just like he needed. Thank you! He leaned in, closed his eyes, and kissed her soft lips. Thank you!





	
Epilogue

In all, Jade and Marigold had twelve children. Their firstborn son inherited the throne and married the daughter of René and Adrian. Jade and Marigold’s children were all talented, beautiful and good, but none of them had any power much beyond that of the average mortal. 
Centuries passed. The time of the fairies and then even the time of the great kings came to an end. But love remains.





	
 About the Author

Hi, I’m Celesta Thiessen. When I was seventeen, on a camping trip with my family, inspiration struck. This whole story came to me one lazy afternoon in the cabin. Twenty years later, I’ve finally finished writing Prince Jade! This is a project close to my heart. The characters feel real to me, after all these years. I hope you like the story as much as I do.

Please visit my website to find out about my other books: celestathiessen.com.

Join my subscribers list to get free books and other special offers.


If you enjoyed Prince Jade, please leave a great review. Thanks for reading!





	

 
