Copyright © 2016 Nikita Slater
Smashwords Edition.
This book is a work of fiction. The names, characters, places and incidents are products of the writer’s imagination or have been used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, locales or organizations is entirely coincidental.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles and reviews.
Book one of Fire & Vice
Prisoner of Fortune
by Nikita Slater
Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Other books by Nikita Slater
CHAPTER ONE
“Another card for the lady?” 
Shania glanced down at her cards uneasily. What had possessed her to attempt a table at the casino? She’d never even touched a slot machine. Of course, she had never been one to balk at risks either. That could explain how she found herself dropping fifty dollars on one game of Black Jack, sitting around a table with a stone-faced dealer and two other men, both older and likely vastly more experienced than herself. 	
She had to discover for herself what the game that had nearly gotten her husband killed was all about. Ex-husband, her mind whispered. Or soon to be ex-husband, to be more exact.
He was the reason she was here in the first place. She had promised him one last favour before walking away from her disaster of a marriage forever. She would find the owner of this casino and hand over the $2,000 her husband still owed.
Shania shivered in apprehension. Perhaps it was an unconscious attempt to put off the meeting that had lead her to try her luck at a table. 
She glanced back at her cards. A queen and a seven. Seventeen.
Shania chewed her bottom lip and thought hard about what to do. She didn’t really care about the fifty. She had fully intended to play until it was gone. But she wanted to prolong the moment before she would have to search out the casino owner – the man responsible for Aiden’s brutal injuries.
“Another card, please,” she asked quietly.
Ace.
Now she held eighteen in her hand. She thought that was high enough and decided on prudence. Lowering her cards a little, she looked up. The casino was brighter and flashier than she expected. It smelled nice too, a subtle blend of fresh citrus and spice. She looked curiously in the direction of the slot machines when she noticed a pair of dark, stern eyes on her. A man, staring intently in her direction. 
Shania shifted in her seat and glanced discreetly over her shoulder, checking to see if he could be looking at someone behind her. No one nearby. She dared another glance at the man as the players to her right placed their bets. 
He was tall. Very tall. And broad. And intimidating. Which was something, considering Shania’s Amazonian proportions. She didn’t often find men that could dwarf her. She stood just under six feet with a body that gave curvy a new name. A friend had once called her ass a ba-donk-a-donk. Whatever that meant. But it had sounded like a compliment, so Shania had taken it as such. She’d always felt comfortable in her own body.
The man was clearly interested in her, though she couldn’t tell why. His gaze was not one of casual sexual interest, but intense and frightening. As though he recognized her. Which was impossible. He might know Aidan, but not her. 
Oh god! Could he be the guy that had beaten up her husband? He certainly looked capable of such brutality.
Her breath caught in her throat as he approached the table, circling closer, like a hunter after his prey. He stopped a few feet away and continued to watch her. Shania barely noticed that she lost the hand. The man two seats over won. He beamed and scooped up the chips. 
“Leave,” said the man that had been staring at her so intently.
Shania jumped at the deep voice. She assumed he meant her for her to leave now that she’d lost. She glanced up with a small smile and made to vacate her seat when she realized he was no longer staring at her, but at the two other men she had been sitting with.
The winner got up good naturedly enough, while the other grumbled a bit first. She wondered why they would leave when some random guy told them to. Especially the guy who won. Perhaps the intimidating guy was a bouncer and was shutting the table down? He was certainly big and thick enough. She didn’t think so though, with his crisp, well-cut shirt buttoned up his broad chest nearly to his throat and immaculate tailored jacket. 
She stood, thinking he intended for her to leave as well.
She gasped as a heavy hand gripped her shoulder and held her fast, pressing her back into her chair. His long fingers felt like a brand, searing her skin through the thin fabric of her jacket. He stood next to her, so tall she had to tilt her head back to see him properly. Up close, the man was a walking nightmare and so sexy he took her breath away. 
He didn’t remove his hand immediately, but stood watching as the others left the table. She could feel the contact in every part of her body and shivered, wishing he would move away. She wanted to say something, but his imposing presence kept her silent. 
He was likely around forty – maybe ten years older than her. His hair was black and cut very short. His eyes also looked black, with no colour to relieve the intensity of his stare. His skin was a medium shade of brown, slightly lighter than her own, and smooth, except for the scar that caused the corner of his eyelid to droop slightly. He was positively terrifying and absolutely the sexiest man Shania had ever laid eyes on. 
He trailed his fingers across her back as he rounded her chair, coursing shivers down her spine. He turned the seat next to her to face hers and sat down, his long legs spread at the knees. One of his knees rested against the side of her chair, lightly touching her hip. Shania gasped at the sizzling contact and shifted away from him as subtly as she could. 
“Deal,” he said, not taking his eyes off of her. 
The dealer nodded and began shuffling cards without hesitation. 
Shania finally looked at the man next to her in earnest, trying to hold his gaze without dropping hers. God, but he was intimidating! “I lost my last round, I’m finished for the evening. I really do need to get going.” 
What had possessed her to come here in the first place? She certainly hadn’t wanted to when Aiden had begged her to make the trip on his behalf. But he’d looked so pathetic in his hospital bed. And she’d always been a sucker when someone asked for help.
The stranger didn’t say anything for a moment, just stared at her until she dropped her eyes.
“If you’ll excuse me,” she murmured, and made to stand.
“You lost the moment you walked into my casino, Shania.”
She gasped, her eyes flying up to his. 
He knew who she was! She tensed, preparing to sprint for the door and the relative safety of her car. He tensed as well, as though readying himself to leap on her if she chose to run.
“Stay,” he growled at her. “If you attempt to leave, I will stop you, and then we’ll have this conversation the hard way. You need to trust that you won’t like that, Mrs. Galveston.”
Shania shivered and gripped the edge of the table tightly, a wave of dizziness washing over her. His voice slithered down her spine, alternately chilling her and heating her from within. She was completely, bone-deep terrified of the dark man. She sensed the ruthless power that rolled off of him. 
“What do you want?” She said, struggling to keep the edge of desperation from her voice.
He chuckled. Not a mirthful sound, but one of sinister intent. 
“I want what belongs to me.”
She looked at him, pushing her long dark hair over her shoulder in a nervous gesture, and tried to channel brave. “I assume you mean the money that my…husband, lost in a poker game here last week?”
Dark brows came down in a fierce frown. “You know about that?”
She nodded slowly, moistening her lips. “He told me, after… after… he was hospitalized. I have some for you… its not everything, but it’s all we have.” 
He inclined his head toward the cards the dealer placed in front of them. “Pick them up, Shania.”
The way his voice captured her name told her just how deep she was in it with this guy. He allowed the hint of an accent to caress each syllable. Possibly middle Eastern. She flipped her cards over with a shaking hand. 
An ace and a five. 
She looked at him from under her lashes and watched as he flipped over his cards with long, brown fingers.
A king and a nine.
“Ma’am?” The dealer inquired. 
She nodded and he tossed a card down. 
Nine. 
The dark man inclined his head at the dealer, who tossed down another card. Risky, she thought. 
Two. 
“Twenty-one,” said the dealer. 
The man stood without moving his chair back, towering over Shania, his body touching hers. His fingers wrapped around her upper arm and he lifted her easily from her chair. She reached out for her purse and managed to hook one of the straps just as he began pulling her toward the back of the casino, as though she were somehow on board with whatever he had planned. She stumbled after him through a hallway toward a large door. He shoved it open and pushed her inside. 
Shania stumbled and reached out to grab the back of a chair. Before her fingers could make contact, she was seized from behind and spun around. Hard hands gripped the tops of her arms.
“Why did you come here?” he demanded, eyebrows drawn over flashing dark eyes. “You don’t belong in my casino.”
Shania was suddenly very afraid. A huge, furious man – a debt collector – was confronting her in what could only be his private office, nowhere near help if she needed it. Considering she couldn’t make out any noise from the casino, she suspected the room was soundproofed. 
“I… I don’t understand.”
“Don’t play innocent with me, woman,” he growled, shaking her a little. “I met your greedy fuck of a husband. You clearly aren’t here to gamble, because you’ve never played before tonight.”
Again, the barest hint of an accent caressed the word woman, running shivers through her body.
When she opened her mouth to defend herself, he cut her off. 
“You hold your cards like a baby, so don’t pretend you belong here,” he snarled. “The only other reason I can think for your presence in my casino is to make payment for your husband. And I thought I was pretty fucking clear while I was rearranging his internal organs. I want the money he owes plus interest, not some fucking housewife.”
Shania stood in shocked silence as his merciless eyes bore into her. He thought she was here to barter herself to pay off her husband’s debts? She could barely comprehend the possibility, let alone believe Aiden had suggested it to this brute of a man.
“Ex-husband,” she managed to choke out. With shaking hands, she pulled her purse up between their bodies like a shield, unzipped it and reached in for the cash. Pulling it out, she tried handing it to him.
His eyes flickered down, barely touching on the cash, before returning to her strained face. She appeared to be in genuine shock. She brought a hand up between them and tried to push him back, a hand against his stomach. To her surprise, he actually took a small step back. 
“I’m sorry, I think there’s been some kind of mistake,” she whispered, her voice shaking. “Please. Just take the money!”
She chewed on her lower lip and gripped the cash in a shaking fist, glancing up at him pleadingly.
He shook his head and asked in a more neutral tone, “Is it possible you have no idea, Shania, how truly despicable your husband is? What are you doing in my casino?”
“I just wanted to give you the money Aiden owes. And… and I wanted to see the casino. What kind of a game – what kind of a place – could take away a person’s life savings in just a few hours.” 
She straightened, pulling her shoulders back and owning her height, which still didn’t touch his 6’4” frame. Her golden eyes glittered with something other than fear as she tilted her chin. 
“You’re worse than Aiden ever was, with absolutely no morals whatsoever,” she said, growing suddenly bolder. “You take away people’s livelihood’s and then you crush them.”
Instant fury washed over his face, but there was an edge of suppressed amusement as well. “The last person that insulted me… well… I can’t remember the last person that insulted me. And that’s for good reason. I run a tight club. Here I am law and order, God and villain.”
She was suddenly acutely aware of her situation, like a baby lamb bleating angrily at a full grown lion. She was brave. Or trying very hard to act like it.
He raised a brow at the furious, frightened beauty challenging him. “I didn’t force Aiden to come to my club, and I didn’t force him to throw down that money. I also didn’t force him to gamble away an IOU.”
“No conscionable business owner would accept an IOU!” she snapped.
He took a step toward her, thick brows lowering over dark eyes. “Watch your tongue, woman. Just because you trespass on my good graces this evening doesn’t mean I’ll let insults pass those beautiful lips unpunished.”
Shania quickly stepped away from him, trying to keep some distance between them, and bumped the top of her thighs sharply against his desk. She tried to look brave, but was failing miserably on the inside. She wanted nothing more than to escape his presence, run to her little car, drive home, pack up all of her belongings and move away from this godforsaken city and her failed marriage. She silently vowed that was exactly what she would do the moment she was allowed to leave the club. And she feared, very much, she wouldn’t be leaving without his permission. 
Finally she found her voice and asked the question that had been burning in her mind since she found out about her husbands reckless behaviour and the subsequent beating. 
“Wh… why did you beat him so badly?” Her eyes closed briefly at the memory of Aiden’s wounds. As angry as she was at him, she would never wish such pain on anyone, let alone the man she had once loved. 
“He gave you everything we had in our accounts, close to $20,000. He only owed a few thousand more. Wouldn’t it have been smarter to wait a month or two until he could earn the extra? It just doesn’t make sense to hospitalize him. How can he possibly pay you back now? I sold everything we had left just to get this for you.” She held up the crumpled bills clutched tightly in her fist.
For a split second, he just stared at her in surprise and then threw his head back and laughed. “You think he only owed ‘a few more’?”
She nodded, starting to feel queasy. 
He sobered quickly, boring into her again with an intense gaze. “He owes closer to $200,000. That $20,000 was a down payment to get him in on the games.”
Shania gasped and swayed. The money fell to the floor in a pathetic heap as she gripped the side of the desk. 
“No! That can’t be right… he said…” But she knew without saying it that Aiden had lied to her. “But he doesn’t have that kind of money!”
“I know. He tried to barter with me. Offer something besides money.”
Shania desperately wanted to put her hands over her ears and sink to the carpet of his office. She knew what he was getting at. There’s only one other thing Aiden would consider of any value in his life. 
Her.
“That’s how you knew what I looked like?” she asked, pain and humiliation choking her already weak voice, rendering it almost inaudible. “You knew about me before I even came here.”
He nodded and, reaching over the desk, picked up a photograph and showed it to her. Shania closed her eyes against the image of her laughing face, smiling up at the camera. It had been taken one year ago on her wedding day. She had worn jeans and her nicest top to the county clerk’s office. Neither she nor Aiden had wanted a big, expensive wedding. 
A thought fluttered briefly through her mind, penetrating the haze of humiliated pain. This man had been keeping her picture on top of his immaculate desk. Not tossed, but carefully, purposefully placed. Why?
It took her a moment to gather her thoughts and take hold of her shaking limbs. Finally she collected herself and straightened to face the man watching her every move with an unnerving intensity. 
“I take it the beating you gave Aiden was your rejection of his suggested debt payment?”
“Yes.”
Shania sighed in relief. It was absurd to think he might agree to Aiden’s terms, but the confirmation lifted a weight from her shoulders nonetheless.
“Of course, that was before I met you.” 
His deep tones shattered her composure. “I…I don’t understand,” she whispered, terribly afraid that she actually did understand.
“You walked into my club tonight, little girl, placing yourself in my power,” he said, gliding toward her and caged her against the desk with his arms, leaning over top of her, his lips inches from her face. “I would have let you go, princess, and settled Aiden’s debt with him, if you had been a good little wife and stayed home tonight. But you came here, showed yourself to me. Now, I think, I’m willing to take Aiden up on his offer.”
“No!” she gasped, turning her face away from him, straining to escape his gaze. “I only came to give you that money. Aiden sent me here to give it to you!” As soon as the words left her mouth she realized she had been set up. Aiden had sent her into the casino with a very specific purpose. He had placed her under this man’s power.
A whimper of pain escaped her lips, along with any lasting feelings she might have felt for her husband.
Shania raised her eyes to the man who held her life in his hands, searching his face for mercy. She saw only a flicker of pity, acknowledgement of her pain and fear, before his eyes hardened once more. 
He reached out and wrapped long fingers around her neck, tilting her chin up with the edge of his hand until she was forced to look at him again. “Oh yes, sweet Shania. I do believe I will take you as my payment.” 
“But, that’s illegal!” she gasped, trying to sound braver than she felt. 
His eyes traced each word as it left her lips. “This is my town, princess. I make the laws. And if I choose to accept the terms of Aiden’s debt – his wife in exchange for a clean slate – then so be it. But I'm amused you think you have a say.”
Shania tried to shove him away, but he stood immovable, blocking her in against the desk. “But the money… You must want the money!” she tried desperately. “I can get it for you!”
His eyes searched her face. “I doubt that,” he drawled. “It was never about the money. Two hundred grand? I make that in a day without breaking a sweat. It’s about a fool gambling in my town, trying to cheat me of what’s mine. It doesn’t matter though, I’ve made my decision. I take you and Aiden Galveston walks, debt free.”
“You can’t!” she pleaded. “That’s kidnapping… and… and… slavery!”
“Slavery?” he smirked.
She nodded.
He looked down at her, considering. She might be attracted to him, which would make things easier, but it really didn’t matter. The moment he had made the decision, she belonged to him, whether she liked it or not. He wasn’t particularly interested in what she thought was right. He was far more interested in that beautiful, lush body packed into a pencil skirt, blouse and formal jacket. 
He reached past her, brushing his arm against her breast and causing her to jump. He picked up the phone and dialed.
She held her breath as he spoke swiftly into the phone. 
“Ash, you can tell Aiden Galveston his debt has been paid in full. He needs to leave town and never show his face here again. And give him a love tap to remind him of my mercy.”
He hung up and looked down into the accusing golden eyes below him. Despite the loss of $200,000 he felt pretty damn good about things. It’d been a long time, if ever, since he wanted a woman as badly as he suddenly wanted Mrs. Galveston. Damn if he didn’t just purchase the privilege of using that gorgeous, curvy body any way he wanted.
“Khalid,” he said, eyes tracing her full, red lips. “Say it,” he demanded.
She blinked and sighed before whispering, “Khalid.”
CHAPTER TWO
“This is human bondage,” Shania pleaded as Khalid escorted her from his office, down the hall and past the concierge toward an elevator bank. “It’s not going to work! You can’t just decide to keep me. I’ll fight you. I’ll start screaming and someone will call the cops!”
Khalid looked down at her, amused. His lips quirked in a chilling smile as he reached out to press the elevator button. She wanted to slap him, which surprised her. She had always considered herself a pacifist. 
“Ah, princess, there’s little you can do.” He gave her a small shove into the elevator and grabbed her arm when it looked like she would try to leap back out. “Every person in this place is loyal to me. No one will help a hysterical woman that owes me money. They’ll think that I’m being generous by not doing to you what I and my men do to others who run up a debt.”
“But I don’t owe you anything!”
“On the contrary.” Khalid reached out and wrapped one large hand around her hip, shoved her back against the wall of the moving elevator and pressed the full length of his body against hers. “I’ve transferred Aiden’s debt to you, my dear, and you will pay it.” 
He dropped his face into her neck, and breathed her in deeply, appreciatively. “No one reneges on a debt to me. You’ll pay off every cent, until I’m satisfied.”
His hot breath caressed the sensitive skin of her throat, making her shiver against the wall. He pressed against her firmly, his proximity and the smell of his aftershave causing her heart to beat erratically and her head to swim. His lips whispered along her neck between her hairline and her jacket. She whimpered in a mixture of fear and arousal. She clearly wasn’t used to aggressive men. She was so tall and solid that few men could physically dominate her as Khalid was now. 
“Fuck,” he snarled against her skin, causing her to jump. “You smell so damn good, princess.” He lifted his head and stared down into her eyes with a wolfish grin. “I can’t wait to eat you.”
“Oh god!” she gasped, moving suddenly to duck under his arm.
Khalid released her from the embrace, but took hold of her hand and forced her back to his side. The elevator arrived at the penthouse where he entered a code to open the doors. Shania tried to stifle a gasp as the doors opened to a huge, luxurious apartment that took up most of the top floor of the casino hotel.
“Your new home.” 
Khalid pulled her off the elevator and into his apartment. He let her hand go and gave her the space she clearly craved. She quickly edged away from him, like a skittish animal trying to evade a stalking wolf. He had to stop himself from doing just that, every instinct telling him to go after her and drag her back into the heat of his body. 
But the woman needed space. She wasn’t here willingly. 
Khalid wasn’t a good man. He’d built an empire on the blood of others and reaped every imaginable benefit. He lived in luxury, but never forgot how he arrived there. Though he delegated work, he was always willing to get his hands dirty if it meant better control over what was his, as Aiden had discovered. Something about the man’s willingness to sell his own wife had made Khalid’s fists itch. She was much better off without that greasy bastard. 
She had been right though, in calling Khalid an immoral bastard. But something about her made him want to be less of an evil son-of-a-bitch while she was near. Not that he was off to a good start. Coercion and essentially kidnapping her likely weren’t going to offer much of a first impression.  
He watched as she wrapped her arms around her body, as though for warmth. Her eyes darted around, looking for a way out. He made his decision. He would be patient. He’d already decided he wanted to keep her around for a while. He could afford to give her time to come to terms with her new living situation.
She turned to face him and, lifting her chin, tried to look brave. It amused him when she did that. She was probably used to looking down at a lot of people and fooling them with her false sense of bravado. To him, she looked like a hissing kitten.
“You can’t intend to keep me here with you,” she said, watching him warily as he went to the kitchen and poured a glass of water. “I have a life and a job. I have to go back to my apartment tonight. I have friends and family that’ll miss me, and… and report me missing.”
“You don’t have anyone,” he said, approaching her with the water. “Aiden was very forthcoming about you when he was trying to sell you. An only child, parents dead, too shy to make friends easily. You have acquaintances at the shelter where you work, but no real friends. No one will miss you Shania.” 
She flinched. He was right.
Her parents had died in a plane crash, which she had survived when she was sixteen. She had no other family that she knew of. Apparently her fathers white Catholic family had disowned him when he married a black woman and produced a mixed race daughter. 
“I have work,” she whispered, desperation colouring her tone, feeling suddenly vulnerable in her lack of connections. “I’ll be missed at the shelter if I’m not at work tomorrow.”
He nodded and she felt a momentary spasm of relief. If he planned on letting her go to work she would take that opportunity to run as far and as fast as she could. He quickly crushed that hope.
“I will ensure that you aren’t missed. It’ll be taken care of.”
“How?” she gasped.
“You’ll be taking an extended leave of absence from this job. Possibly a permanent one.” He put the glass in her hand and wrapped her fingers around it. “Drink, Shania. You’ve had some shocks tonight, and I won’t have you passing out on me.”
Anger suddenly flared up inside of her. Anger at him, anger at Aiden, anger at her own stupidity for ignoring her instincts and coming to the casino tonight. She gripped the glass in her hand and snapped, “Why? You want your slave healthy when you rape her?”
He stiffened, his eyes hardening. “Watch your mouth, Shania. My patience is not endless.”
“Patience?!” she snarled. “You’re forcing me into bondage over a debt that isn’t mine. I see absolutely no evidence of patience, you heartless bastard.”
Khalid clenched his fists, fighting the urge to grab her and show her just how patient he had been. “You aren’t stripped naked at my feet with my cock so far down your throat you’d choke on it. So yes, I would say I’m showing remarkable patience.”
She gasped, the colour draining from her face. 
Without thinking, she threw the water into his face and dropped the glass on the floor. He didn’t move, but his body tightened visibly. Water dripped from his face and hair onto his shirt, darkening the front against his skin. His black eyes glowed with fury.
Shania squeaked and, whirling around, sprinted for the elevator. She hit the button desperately, but nothing happened. Shaking, gasping for breath she turned around and searched for another exit. There was none and Khalid was calmly stalking toward her. She bolted to the right, trying to escape the grim determination on his face.
What had she been thinking? Throwing water in a criminal’s face and hoping he’d take it well!
Khalid took hold of her arm as she tried to get past him. He shoved her hard enough to knock the breath from her as her back hit the closed elevator doors. She brought her hands up between them, but he forced them down.
Looking down at her, Khalid was pleased to see she was finally starting to understand how dangerous he was. It was a fucking miracle he hadn’t crushed her the moment he had her alone in his office. Her well-being depended on his shaky benevolence. Any other person would likely be dead, or at the very least breathing through a machine, if they had dared to attack him. Even with water. 
He breathed in the scent of her skin and hair, letting the sweet, subtle smell wash over him. She was one of the most stunning women he had ever encountered. He brought a hand up between them and yanked down the zipper of her suit jacket, then shoved the sleeves down her arms, wrenching the garment off her body. 
She wore a violet camisole that outlined generous breasts that overflowed the black bra she wore underneath. Tiny straps pressed into the mocha skin of her shoulders. 
Ignoring her whimper of fright, Khalid brought his hand up and traced the strap from the top of her breast, over her shoulder and onto her shoulder blade. She strained back against the wall, but couldn’t escape his sensual touch. 
“Please…” she whispered as he took her jaw in his hand and tilted her face.
“We are past ‘please,’ princess. You belong to me now and you will learn to obey my wishes.” He dropped his head to hers, water dripping from his chin and brushing across her cheek and lips. “You’ll live here in my penthouse until I say otherwise. You’ll leave only when I allow it, you will not contact anyone unless I say so. You will shop with an escort when I decide. You’ll be polite and respectful. When I’m not here, you will fall into the care of one of my men. You’ll be a good little girl and not test my patience again.”
Shania shivered against him, but she had to know what he intended. “Will…will we…”
“Have sex?” He asked bluntly.
She nodded, dropping her lashes over her eyes. She knew her cheeks were flushing red against her dusky skin. 
“Oh yes,” he said, wrapping his arm around her waist and hauling her body up against his much larger, harder frame. She brought her hands up between them, but pushing against his chest was impossible. His lips pressed against her temple. “You’ll belong to me in every way. I bought a man’s wife today. I want everything you’ve given your husband.”
His arms tightened possessively around her. 
“I want more than you gave that fucked up lowlife,” he growled. He swept a large hand through her silken hair and down her back, settling it over the curve of her gorgeous ass. His fingers sunk deep into the flesh over her skirt. He kneaded and whispered, “You belong to me now.”
Shania shook, but tried to stand as still as possible under his touch. The man was both terrifying and intensely erotic. He sounded almost jealous of Aiden. She was so terribly afraid, but she didn’t know what to do. He was a criminal! A very powerful criminal. He could kill her and dispose of her body and not a single person would notice. She was completely at his mercy until she found a way to get away from him.
He dropped a chaste kiss against her lips. She felt the firm touch all the way down to her toes before he stepped away from her. 
“But not tonight,” he said. “Tonight you’ll get settled in here. I’ll have someone pick up some of your things and bring them to you. I have work to do in the casino, much as I would rather spend the time getting to know you better.”
Shania could feel the tension leaving her body at his words. She would have sunk to the ground except that he was still standing in front of her.
“Please listen carefully Shania, because I won’t repeat myself.” Khalid adjusted his shirt and wiped residual water from his face with an impatient hand as he spoke. “If you’re a good girl, our time together will be pleasant. More than pleasant, I suspect. I will let your behaviour this evening slide because you’re in an understandably distressful position. But if you’re not a good girl and you continue to arouse my temper, I promise you our time together will be enjoyable only for me. I’ll tie you down, beat you for my pleasure and fuck your luscious body in any way I can think of. And believe me, princess, I have an excellent imagination.”
Shania shivered and wrapped her arms around herself. His words effectively chilled her, chasing away any warmth she had felt at the contact of his body moments before. 
“Don’t even think about leaving. Because the consequences of leaving are far worse than your innocent little mind can conjure. Its best not to try anything and just accept the situation.”
She bit her lip and nodded. She definitely didn’t want to annoy him right now. She didn’t enjoy the thought of his second option. She had to play nice until she could find a way to get away from him. Preferably before he forced her into a sexual relationship.
He turned to the elevator, blocking the panel with his big body, and typed a code into the pad before pressing the down button. When it arrived, he stepped inside. “Stay here Shania and be a good girl.”
 CHAPTER THREE
Looking down at Aiden Galveston's battered face, Khalid was glad he had sent Ash to pick up some of Shania’s belongings and come here himself. He hadn't been able to get her image out of his head. He needed to understand her better and she only socialized with one person.
The burning need to smash in the face of the man that had put hands on, and made love to, Shania was nearly overwhelming. Khalid knew it was unreasonable to expect the woman, who was around thirty, to be a virgin. But he was disgusted by the fucker that she'd had sex with. Aiden was a waste of humanity, while the man’s wife was a fucking saint in comparison.
“Wake up,” he snarled.
Aiden opened his eyes and struggled to get out of the hospital bed when he realized who stood over him. 
“Calm down,” Khalid snapped. “I’m not here to kill you.”
Aiden stopped struggling and lay back, colour draining from his face as he stared up at the man he was sure was here to end him. “What do you want?” he asked, his voice choked by the swelling in his face.
Khalid eyed the other man like a bug he might crush. “Tell me about your wife?”
Aiden relaxed slightly, a knowing look entering his eyes. “You met her?” he asked, the corner of his mouth hinting at a cautious smile.
Khalid raised an eyebrow.
“Okay, okay. What do you want to know?”
“Tell me about her,” Khalid demanded, dragging the only chair in the room up to the bedside. He stretched long legs in front of him and rested an elbow on the armrest. The tight cords in his arms and neck betrayed his otherwise relaxed posture. “What’s she like?”
Aiden slid into a sitting position, wincing against the pain as broken bones shifted to accommodate him. He licked his lips nervously, trying to gauge the other man's intentions.
“No bullshit. Tell me what I want to know. If you try to lie to me, I’ll know and I will not like it.”
Aiden shuddered, the fresh memory of the last time he made Khalid unhappy written plainly on his face.
“Yeah, okay,” he agreed. “She’s just about what she looks like. Keeps to herself, doesn’t talk a lot, like other bitches. She works at some kind of shelter for homeless people. She’s a do-gooder, likes to help other people. She never does anything illegal. She hardly swears, even when she’s alone, and she barely touches alcohol. Never gets mad or nags. She’s about as good as you can ask for in a woman.”
Khalid nodded, filing the information away. He had suspected her spark of temper was unique and perhaps a little surprising, even to herself. “How did you get involved with someone like her?”
“I saw her at the shelter while I was working construction on the building next door. I decided it wouldn’t hurt to talk to her. Figured she talked to those poor dirty fucks anyway, why wouldn’t she talk to a guy like me? I guess she was lonely or something and agreed to go out with me. She was pretty useful around the house when I took her home, so I decided to marry her. She didn’t want to at first, but after I took her to bed she decided she loved me, and that was that.”
 “What about the sex?” Khalid asked.
Aiden smirked knowingly, his busted lips twisting grotesquely. “She’s a decent fuck. Pretty unused when I got to her. She doesn’t know much, but she’ll be easy to teach. I never bothered. I had other bitches for that kinky shit, if you know what I mean.”
Khalid breathed hard through his nose, straining not to smash his fist into Aiden’s face and finish the little bastard off. He knew Shania would have had sex with her husband. But the fucker had to go and dirty what they’d had together in their marital bed. Khalid was suddenly intensely glad she had walked into his casino. No way would Aiden have let her out of his greedy clutches, despite all of her insistence that the man was soon to become her ex-husband. Eventually, Aiden’s gambling addiction would have landed her in the path of some low-life bookie.
Khalid chose not to examine his role in her life too deeply. He landed on the wrong side of the law more often than not, but his world had a twisted sense of honour. He would not hurt the woman. That couldn’t be said of other such men that lived in his city.
Khalid stood and towered over the broken man on the bed. He reached down and took hold of Aiden's good hand – the one he hadn’t stomped on during their last meeting. “You listen to me well, Galveston.” He crushed the fingers in an iron grip and twisted until he felt fingers pop. He spoke calmly, ignoring the shout of pain, “You stay the fuck away from Shania and the casino. Your debt is paid in full. Get the fuck out of town as soon as they discharge your sorry ass from this hospital. I’ll hear about it if you don’t and I’ll grant your wish to die.”
 He let go of the hand, stepped away from the bed and exited the room. Determined to see to the health of his woman, Khalid called his personal physician and requested a check up for her. If she tested positive for anything, he would come back and finish what he started with Aiden Galveston. In the most painful way possible.
 CHAPTER FOUR
Shania jerked awake when she heard the swoosh of the penthouse elevator doors. Somehow she had fallen asleep. Not so surprising considering the hours of heightened anxiety, combined with her frantic search of every inch of the penthouse for an escape route. She had discovered only a locked door leading to what she thought were stairs and another door that opened to an incredible outdoor patio, complete with infinity pool.
Shania rolled off the couch and stumbled to her feet, silently preparing herself for another battle with her captor. She squared her shoulders and looked toward the elevator. She frowned and gripped the edge of the sofa as two men she had never seen before entered the suite.
One was about her height and burly, especially in the chest and upper arms. He was carrying a tray of food in one hand and a suitcase in the other. He nodded in her direction and carried the food to the counter in the kitchen. Relieving himself of the tray, he turned to her.
Shania shrank back, an incredible sense of vulnerability washing over her.
He introduced himself as Ash, and placed a suitcase that she recognized as hers on the floor. “Some of your things,” he said shortly, then jerked his head toward the shorter man still standing near the elevator door. “Vincent Massey. He’ll be your doctor.”
Shania gaped from one man to the other and backed up even more. A doctor? Why on Earth would she need…?
She saw the somewhat pitying, clinical look on the doctor’s face. Understanding flooded her, along with a tidal wave of colour, turning her dusky skin a deep shade of red.
“I don’t need a… a doctor,” she stammered. 
“Bosses orders,” grunted Ash.
Shania shook her head. “No, I really don’t want to see a doctor. Please tell… tell Khalid for me. I don’t want a stranger touching me.”
The hulking man just shrugged and turned to leave. “Not smart,” he snorted. Apparently disobeying the boss’ orders was rather dumb. Not that she was surprised. Khalid’s power in the casino was unlimited. 
She lifted her chin. She didn’t care. If she had any say, she wouldn’t be here long enough to find out just how far the man’s power extended. “Take the food with you,” she said in as commanding a voice as she could manage. “I don’t want anything he has to offer.”
Ten minutes later, Khalid found himself once more riding the elevator to the penthouse. Her words, faithfully repeated to him by an amused Ash, echoed in his head. Truthfully, he was also somewhat amused. The sweet little woman ensconced in his suite persisted in pushing his buttons and ignoring all signs of his authority. He doubted she even realized she was doing it. To Khalid, it felt like foreplay.
“Shania,” he said sharply as he stepped off the elevator. 
She jumped and turned from her spot by the windows. She had been gazing out at the city lights. The casino was several miles away from the city, located on the outskirts of the county. The city lights beckoned like distant stars, just out of reach.
He glanced sharply toward the kitchen. True to Ash’s words, she hadn’t touched her food. He didn’t want to threaten her again, not when she was looking so fragile, but he didn’t know how to get her to take care of herself. And for some reason it was vitally important to him that this woman be cared for. He rubbed a hand through his short hair and approached her slowly, stopping several feet from her. She watched him warily.
“You should eat something.”
She shook her head slightly and stared hard at the floor. “I’m not hungry,” she said softly.
“Shania.” She looked up at her name. He caught her gaze and held it. “This isn’t a temporary situation, princess. You aren’t leaving any time soon, so there’s no point in rejecting the food I provide for you.”
She stood silently for a minute and then nodded slightly.
“The doctor?” she asked.
Khalid knew she had to suspect the necessity of a physician. A beautiful shade of red darkened her cheeks and she dropped her eyes from his. He had hoped she would just meekly go along with his orders. He should have known better. With a sigh, he waved his hand toward the sofa and instructed her to sit down. She obeyed, likely due to the extreme fatigue she was feeling after the night’s events.
“Your husband was cheating on you,” Khalid said, wanting to get the painful admission over with so she could start to heal. She flinched but didn’t look surprised. So she had probably suspected the bastard.
She nodded. “And you want to make sure I don’t have any diseases before sampling the merchandise,” she said bitterly. 
Shania gasped as Khalid reached out, grabbed her wrist and dragged her bodily across the length of the sofa towards him. He gripped both of her wrists in one of his hands and spread his legs, sliding her body onto his. She struggled pathetically for a moment, but she was far too tired to put up a fight against his superior strength.
He tucked a lock of her shiny black hair back behind her ear and leaned over to press his lips against her throat just under her ear. Shania tried to jerk back, but he held her tightly. She felt the burn of his lips straight through to her bones. He trailed hot kisses down the column of her throat to the shoulder of her jacket and back up to her ear.
Shania moaned, partly in distress and partly at the sensations he was arousing on her sensitive skin.
“Shania.” He said her name with soft intensity. “What will happen between us is inevitable, despite your history with Aiden Galveston. Do you understand this?”
She lay frozen against his body, feeling the brand of his erection between her belly and her breasts. She felt the inevitability of their relationship on a primitive level. She was his captive, to do whatever he wanted with.
Shania nodded, causing his lips to brush her jaw.
“Good girl,” he said in a deepening voice. “It’s much better for you if you’re co-operative. I want you to see the doctor because it’s the right thing to do and because the thought of your husband coming to your bed tainted makes me want to rip his arms off and beat him to death with them. If you weren’t harmed by his stupidity, then I may let him leave my city with all limbs intact.”
Shania shivered again, her golden eyes searching his. The dramatic statement said with such cold-blooded intent terrified her. Without knowing the man, she sensed that Khalid was more than capable of following through on any threats he made. Which made her captivity much more real. He was going to do with her exactly as he threatened. 
“Please,” she whispered, “don’t hurt me.”
Khalid seemed somewhat taken aback by her plea. He moved so he could look at her and examined her face carefully, searching for her meaning. She was an intelligent, if somewhat naïve woman. She tested him. But not beyond his limits. Rubbing a thumb across her cheekbone he said, “It’s not my intent to hurt you, Shania.”
She nodded, but her face still held a hint of concern. “I saw what you did to Aiden with my own eyes, and I believe you’re very capable of hurting him further. Even… killing… if you felt it was necessary.”
His brows drew together and his hold on her wrists tightened. “You aren’t Aiden, or some cheating card player. I have no reason to hurt you.”
“But you plan on keeping me here, which is hurtful in itself. I have a life, maybe not much of one in your eyes, but it means something to me,” she said quietly. “And I think you could hurt me if you felt justified. If… if I defied you in some way and you felt justified, you could hurt me. It may be inevitable that we have this relationship together, but I also think its inevitable that I’ll say or do something, eventually, that will force your hand. You’re a violent man, Khalid, and you inhabit a different world from me. The kind of person you are – the things you do – conflicts with who I am.”
Khalid ran his thumb from her cheek down across her full lips, taking his time before answering her. “You are an astute woman, Shania. But you only make me want you more. It's our very differences that I find so... appealing.” 
“Please,” she breathed, closing her eyes and allowing herself to indulge in the feeling of his light caress across her lips, “let me go.”
Khalid’s body tightened beneath hers, becoming harder against the softness of hers.
“Never,” he snarled, gripping the crown of her head in one hand and forcing her face down to his.
Shania whimpered as his lips took possession of hers in a kiss meant to brand her. His mouth covered hers with a hungry ferocity that took everything from her without asking questions and without apology. He broke the kiss for only a moment to grip her waist in both hands, shifting her off of him and onto the couch as he pressed himself down on top of her. 
Khalid didn’t give her an opportunity to either deny or accept the kisses. He just took and took, forcing her head back until her jaw ached. When she pushed him back to gain some control over the savage possession, he shoved her arms over her head and pinned her wrists in one hand. His other hand moved to her jaw and, gripping it, tilted her head to give him better access to her mouth. 
He ground his hips into the cradle of her thighs.
He continued to kiss her for several minutes before, finally, bringing himself back under control. “I will never let you go,” he gritted into her ear. “Say you understand this.”
For several breathless seconds, Shania lay silent beneath him, her head turned away from him. Finally, she jerked her head in a nod and whispered breathlessly, “Yes, I understand you.” 
Khalid sat up, pulling her with him. Now that he’d gotten his hands on her, he found he was loath to stop touching her. He stroked her back and hair in what he hoped was a soothing manner. He wasn’t used to calming anyone. Usually his women were quick fucks. Rarely did he ever keep a woman for more than one night, and he never cared for their feelings, which is why he preferred no-strings sex to relationships. Now, he not only wanted to sooth a specific woman, he wanted to brand her so hard she wouldn’t be able to walk away from him.
He didn’t even care that it was out of character. 
He didn’t care that he virtually kidnapped her and forced her compliance. 
Maybe it was love at first sight. He didn’t care. He was keeping Shania.
Taking in her drawn features and the tremble of her lips, he decided to give her space. Releasing her, he stood up. “It’s time for you to go to bed.”
She gasped and cringed back into the cushions of the couch.
Khalid shoved a hand impatiently through his hair. “Much as I would like to take you to my bed, I did promise to give you time to get used to the situation. I want you to understand that I keep my word, Shania. As long as you’re co-operative, I will leave you alone, until you wish it otherwise.”
She raised wide amber eyes to his and nodded, smiling slightly. “Thank you,” she said huskily.
Fuck, Khalid thought. For some reason her quiet words gutted him. She was thanking him for not raping her. He wanted to give her the world, show her every kindness his black heart was capable of, but she was thanking him for not brutalizing her.
“Come,” he said sharply. 
Shania stood to follow him as he reached for her suitcase and headed down the hall toward the bedrooms. She knew where they were from her earlier search of the condo. There was a large, masculine bedroom with heavy dark furniture and a king-sized bed with plush black and grey bedding. 
Khalid bypassed the master bedroom and entered the guest room, located next to his private gym. It wasn’t as big as the master bedroom, but it was big enough that Shania was pretty sure she could fit her bedroom at home, her bathroom and her kitchen into it. The thought had her stifle a giggle, which made her realize how tired she really was. The queen-sized four-poster bed, covered in a beige and yellow quilt, called to her.
Khalid set her suitcase on the floor beside her. 
“There’s a bathroom through there.” He indicated the closed door that must lead to a small ensuite. “Everything you need should be in there.”
“For your other girlfriends?” she asked. Her eyes widened and she gasped, not believing she had said something so stupid out loud. “I’m sorry,” she said quickly, “I didn’t mean that. I must be more tired than I thought.”
Khalid nodded thoughtfully, seeming not at all perturbed by her careless question. He shrugged. “This room is largely unused, actually, but I keep it stocked just in case.”
Shania bit her tongue, she really did, but she couldn’t hold back another idiotic comment. “Just in case you plan on blackmailing and kidnapping someone? Wouldn’t want your victim to be uncomfortable.”
His thick brow raised sharply and he took a step toward her, taking her chin in a tight grip. “My victim,” he stressed the word, “had better watch her mouth before I deem her uncooperative and chain her to my bed where I will have her at my beck and call.”
Shania glowered at him, but remained quiet. There was no point in antagonizing him. He clearly planned on giving her the time he thought she needed to adjust to the situation. Time she could use to plan a way to get out of the casino and far, far away from him.
CHAPTER FIVE
It took a week before Shania finally found the opportunity to leave the casino on her own. She had spent the week in a gilded cage, enjoying every pleasure Khalid could offer but freedom. While he lavished his wealth on her, she had spent her time watching and waiting, her sharp mind hungrily taking in every detail. 
Khalid spent much of his days in his office, running his various business interests. In the evenings and late into the night he would keep her up talking. At first she had resisted, but the ever present threat of more intimacy kept her agreeable to his terms. She had learned that Khalid owned a lucrative construction company as well as the casino. She suspected he was involved in less legitimate businesses as well, but they never discussed it. 
Mostly, Khalid wanted to know about her. She was loathe to talk about herself and would offer only pointed answers to his questions, but gradually he had coaxed more out of her than she had intended to give. She had told him about the death of her parents, and the cold, racist rejection of her grandparents. He had proved to be an attentive and sympathetic listener. It disturbed Shania, who preferred to see only the brutish side of him.
He insisted on purchasing a whole new wardrobe for her. Most of the clothes hadn’t even fit in her closet, so he had made room in his, ensuring that Shania would have to enter the dark, masculine room to retrieve the items in there. He had brought shop owners into the condo with their inventory for her to choose from rather than allowing her to leave for a shopping trip. Even under guard he didn’t seem to trust her off his property. 
Every evening he had brought her jewelry worth a fortune. The first night he had gifted her with a diamond necklace and earring set, Shania had been embarrassed and angry. 
“I don’t want them!” She had quickly shoved them back into his hands, disgusted. “You can keep your gifts, including the clothes. You may have bought me from my husband, but I’ll be damned if I become an object for you to dress up and keep in this cage for your convenience.”
His knuckles had tightened around the black velvet jeweller’s box. Tension thrummed through him. Shania quickly backed up a few steps, having come up against the wrong side of his short temper before. She tilted her chin up, refusing to take back her comment. He had to learn that she couldn’t be bought.
The slabs of muscles in arms and neck tightened and then released. Finally he said in a calm voice, “It is not my intention to insult you with these gifts, Shania.”
She swept her hand back towards the bedrooms where her new clothes were stored. “What are you doing then, Khalid, if you aren’t trying to buy me?”
His smile was somewhat cruel. “I already bought you, princess. I don’t need to give you anything for that to be true.”
Shania sucked in her breath and glared at him. She hated being reminded of her position in his home. Her not being there of her own free will made everything that happened between them a lie, one that she refused to participate in. She crossed her arms protectively over her chest and glared at him.
Khalid sighed and tried again. “Look, Shania, I wish you could believe me when I say my motives for keeping you here go beyond the obvious. I haven’t touched you in two days, not since I first brought you up here.”
“I just can’t trust you. How do I know you won’t hurt me?” she asked bravely.
He nodded. “I can understand why you would mistrust my intentions. Your husband treated you badly and, as far as you’re concerned, he sold you to a man without scruples.”
“A man that can beat other men nearly to death,” she whispered with a shiver, eyes wide and accusing.
He shrugged. “I admit, I can be a ruthless bastard when I must. But I don’t want to hurt you, Shania. I find it’s just not in me. I want to protect you from men like Aiden Galveston, or the sleazy gamblers that hang around my tables.”
“What about men like you?”
He stepped toward her. Opening the jewelry box, he withdrew an exquisite white gold chain with a teardrop diamond pendant. It looked beautiful and delicate against his long dark fingers. He took hold of her wrist in his other hand and gently pulled her toward him. His fingers, wrapped around her wrist, felt like hot steel. She stumbled forward the step it took to bring her close enough to feel the heat from his body.
“Men like me,” he said huskily, “want to treat you like the princess you are.”
Shania shivered.
Khalid continued, his breath feathering down her cheek as he bent to place the chain around her throat. “I have never brought a woman up here, into my private sanctuary, with the intention of keeping her. I take my women to one of the other suites and fuck her until I’m done. I haven’t even thought of another woman since the moment you existed for me. I rarely give gifts and I’ve never picked those gifts out myself. You make me want to change, Shania.”
She stared up at him as his fingers deftly smoothed the necklace into place. His fingers felt good, tracing the gentle swells and dips of her collarbone and throat. Her eyes fixed on the long, dark lashes rimming his eyes and took in the sincerity of his black eyes. She turned her face away and closed her eyes.
“I can’t believe you,” she whispered. 
She tensed, waiting for his reaction, and flinched when his knuckles gently swept down the slope of her cheek and across her full lips. Though he barely touched her skin, she felt like he was scalding her. 
“I can wait,” he said.
That had been a week ago.
She had accepted his gifts as graciously as she could and she had participated in the conversation as he had insisted. But she never stopped watching for the chance to escape her gilded cage. She had silently taken in the bits and pieces he had allowed her to hear and see. 
She had only been down in the casino three times. Each time had added to the small treasure of knowledge about the workings of the casino. Her frantic mind would absorb every scrap of information until she was satisfied.
On her rare trips into the casino, Shania was always accompanied by Ash, Khalid’s most trusted bodyguard. Though constantly on guard herself, Shania found Ash’s company undemanding and, after a few days of constant companionship, even friendly. 
Ash hadn’t exactly been thrilled with the protection duty thrust upon him. When Shania noticed, she said to him tartly, “Am I taking away from your knee breaking big man? So sorry!” His stoic demeanour had cracked, and he conceded a small laugh. A somewhat friendly rapport had ensued. Shania didn’t feel any of the sexual tension that she felt with Khalid, which made her and Ash’s friendliness easier. Though at over six feet of solid muscle, the brawny, tattooed bodyguard who, it turned out, was also a mixed martial arts champion, was a very good looking man. Shania was endlessly amused by the women that threw themselves at him when they made the rounds of the casino. He usually flirted back, in a bored sort of way, but his eyes never left his charge.
Ash was her constant companion when Khalid wasn’t available, which was much of the day. He would bring her food and allow entry to shopkeepers. He watched over her, glaring suspiciously at the menagerie displaying their wares to the mistress of the rich casino owner. Though, if they dared refer to her as such within her halcyon hearing, they would find themselves swiftly and forcibly removed. On the few trips she took to the casino, he was so viciously protective that even an appreciative glance sent in her direction could easily end in broken bones. The man took his job very seriously, a fact that caused endless teasing from Shania.
Ash only deferred his vicious guard dog routine when relinquishing her into the custody of his intense boss. He would literally disappear into the shadows whenever Khalid appeared. In one of his few moments of candor, Khalid had admitted to her that, when he had found Ash, he had been involved in illegal street fights and strung out on drugs. Khalid had seen something in the younger man and, cleaning him up, had brought him into his own operation and trained him for more lucrative fighting. 
Shania hated to betray Ash’s trust. It was the worst part of her planned flight from the casino. But she didn’t have a choice. Each night she had spent under Khalid’s roof was one night closer to sharing his bed. For some reason, that act of surrender felt like the worst possible scenario. As though having sex with him would change something within her. She had to leave while she was still intact.
Having convinced Ash to once more bring her down to the casino, Shania squeezed his arm gently and stepped into the ladies room. Ash didn’t like her coming to the casino. There were too many ‘variables’ as he called them. He couldn’t control every minute thing that might happen to his charge. As far as he was concerned a perfect trip to the casino was one where no one looked at her, no one interacted with her and no one accidentally brushed against her. He let her have a bite at the buffet, play a few slots and whisked her back to her room before any incidents could occur.
Letting her go into a women’s washroom unaccompanied was highly unusual. But Ash knew there were no exits and he had gone in before her to assess any threats.
Shania had laughed out loud at the angry feminine shriek that followed him out. He nodded his head at Shania, indicating it was safe for her to proceed. She smiled somewhat sadly and brushed her hand against his arm, unbeknownst to him, a thank you for his attentive care of her over the past week.
Shania went swiftly into the third stall, careful not to bump into the woman that was in there pretending to pee when Ash had interrupted her. She was smaller than Shania but more rounded, making the two of them in the small stall an awkward fit. The woman thrust her hand out at Shania.
Shania placed her diamond necklace into the greedy palm, thrusting back the feeling of guilt that threatened her plan. Without speaking, Shania stepped back and went to the sink, pretending to wash her hands. After a minute her eyes met the other woman’s in the mirror and she nodded. 
She nodded and as if on cue, fell to the group with a loud gasp and began moaning and convulsing. Shania turned and stared, for a moment forgetting her part and simply admiring the acting abilities of the random woman who was helping her. Annoyed the other woman mouthed ‘go’ at Shania.
“Right,” Shania said, racing for the door calling Ash’s name in as hysterical of a voice as she could manage.
Ash was scowling down at his phone just outside the ladies room. He looked up in alarm when Shania ran straight into him, grabbing his arm and trying to yank his solid bulk into the women’s washroom.
“Help!” she gasped. “Someone’s in trouble!”
Her wide, frightened eyes spurred him to follow her swiftly back where she had come from. His eyes went to the woman laying prone on the tiled floor. With a frown he kneeled next to her and gently touched her cheek. The woman moaned pitiably, her head lolling sideways. 
Shania felt a stab of genuine concern, the other woman looked really pale! She really couldn’t have chosen a better partner in crime for her escape mission. She just hoped the woman fooled Ash long enough.
“What should we do?” she asked Ash frantically.
He looked up at her and said the magic words in his gruff voice. “Go get help.” 
Shania nodded and with a last look at the pair on the floor, she ran out of the washroom and straight out of the main doors of the casino into the chill night. Without a backward glance at her former prison she stepped onto the waiting bus and breathlessly counted the seconds until it pulled away from the casino and headed to the city. 
CHAPTER SIX
Khalid glared impatiently down at his watch, then back up to the table he was supervising. It was a high stakes table in one of the casino's back rooms. He was glad he decided against buying in tonight. He was anxious to get back to his woman, and the game was going longer than expected. Ash had texted a few minutes before to let him know that Shania was in the casino. Khalid was eager to join her for a game and then escort her upstairs for a private meal. 
Shania had been more forthcoming last night than on their previous evenings together. He had finally allowed her to discuss her work and, in doing so, discovered a topic that she was exquisitely passionate about. 
She had introduced the subject herself as they sat in a corner booth at the casino buffet, where he had met her. 
“What did you tell my supervisor at the shelter about my leave of absence?”
Khalid frowned down at her. “Why does it matter, Shania? You’re here now. You won’t be going back to your job any time soon, if ever.”
“It matters!” she snapped, frowning back at him. “You handle other people’s lives with a heavy hand, without thinking about consequences, without understanding the nuances of those lives that you carelessly smash.”
Khalid drew in a quick breath. “Watch your tongue!” he growled, his temper flaring. Somehow, she could usually get away with saying whatever she wanted to him, regardless of his previously feared temper. 
He shrugged. “Granted, it takes a certain amount of ruthlessness to keep my business interests running smoothly, but I am capable of understanding more than you give me credit for. Tell me about these... nuances.”
It was a demand, rather than a question. But Shania was eager for him to know what he was taken her away from. He needed to know that he couldn’t just play god in people’s lives without regard for the consequences.
“Every day that I worked in that shelter, I made a difference in other people’s lives. It was a place where a smile could positively change a person’s outlook from grim and despairing to something approaching happiness. I had the privilege of working with some of the most determined people you can imagine. People whose whole lives could fit in a box, but that would still work incredibly hard to improve things for themselves and their families.”
Shania positively glowed as she spoke. Khalid began to feel jealous for one of the rare smiles she had bestowed so freely to others. “It can’t have all been as wonderful as you describe it. I know some of the lowlifes that end up in that place.”
“No, it wasn’t always wonderful,” she said simply, but passion still shone in her eyes as she spoke. “I’ve seen terrible things, like drug overdoses and suicide attempts. I worked with the police on a regular basis. But feeling like I could make a difference in the lives of people who are too often rendered invisible or marginalized makes a difference. There wasn’t any place I preferred to be.”
A shadow passed over her face. Khalid suspected that she was thinking about her life with Aiden. For once, rather than feeling jealous, he felt sorry that her life with Aiden had been so disappointing that she preferred to stay at the shelter than in the arms of her husband. 
Khalid drew her into his body and tilted her face up to his. “Thank you for this enlightenment. It means something that you trust me enough to tell me how you feel.”
A small smile curved her generous lips. He felt himself harden as he looked at those gorgeous, lush lips and imagined them caressing his body. 
“Enough to let me go back to work?” she asked breathlessly, looking up at him pleadingly. 
Khalid drew his arm around her neck and pulled her face up to his for a quick, hard kiss. “I’m sorry, princess. No.”
There had been a flash of sadness in her eyes and, although she didn’t physically move away from his embrace, he felt her withdrawal nonetheless. He had been immediately called back to work and unable to escort her back up to the suite. Regretfully, he had relinquished her back into Ash’s care. 
When he had gone up to the room later, he had checked on her, at first believing she was simply hiding from him, sulking after the unsatisfactory conclusion to their conversation. She’d been sound asleep in bed, wearing a cotton nightshirt that rode high on her thigh, revealing flawless brown skin and rounded thighs. He itched to run his hand up over her thigh and under the nightshirt, caressing the warm skin that would be beneath. With uncommon self-control, he forced himself to leave her room and committed to a ruthless workout in his gym.
That had been the last time he had seen her. He was looking forward to spending time with her tonight, perhaps leading her further down the path to intimacy. Earlier in the day he had gone to an expensive jeweller and purchased a gorgeous ruby set that would look stunning against her skin. He would apologize for being unable to promise her more freedom quite yet and then he would patiently come up with a plan that would eventually allow her to do some of the things she used to love. 
Khalid thrust a hand through his hair and glared at the card table from his seat at the bar. There were some volatile players in the room and the stakes were too high to leave them alone without a babysitter. Though Khalid trusted his dealer, he didn’t trust any of the others at the table. He was about to check his watch again when the door burst open.
“Hey!” one of the players shouted angrily at the uninvited addition. 
Ash ignored the game and, making a line for Khalid, leaned in to growl, “She’s gone.”
Terrible anger rushed through Khalid as he glared at his most trusted bodyguard. He swiftly brought his temper under control and bit out, “How?”
“She paid a woman off to distract me. She’s been gone five minutes.” 
Khalid nodded sharply. She was smart. It must have been a good diversion or Ash would have noticed. Despite his hulking appearance, Ash was no idiot and loyal to a fault.
“Come,” he said, jerking his head to the door and leaving the players in the room without a word.
The two men swiftly went to the surveillance room. Khalid stood brooding with deadly intensity while Ash explained to security what he needed. Video of Shania’s exit from the hotel was brought up on the monitor within a minute. No one in the room wanted to piss off the boss while he was in this mood.
Khalid watched silently as Shania left without a backward glance and boarded one of the free shuttles that ran between the hotel and various locations in the city. The timing was so perfect he knew she had studied the bus schedule. She’d been planning this from the moment he had decided to keep her for himself. 
Betrayal burned hotly within him, tearing at his chest. He had believed she was growing more content with him. He had trusted her shy glances and soft, hesitant touches. He had allowed her a place in his home. He had not forced her into his bed, which he easily could have. And under other circumstances, would have. 
Khalid reached out and touched the screen briefly, where her image had been standing right before disappearing onto the bus. His hand curled into a fist and dropped. She wouldn’t get far, he would make sure of it. Just like he would make sure she regretted her decision to leave. She had unleashed the part of him he had so carefully kept from her.
Ash took out his cell phone and swiftly dialled, speaking low into the phone. He hung up and turned to Khalid. “The Bentley will be out front in two minutes.”
Khalid nodded. “Take care of the game for me and then I need you to meet with Bertelli later about the city contracts. I plan on taking care of this myself and I want no disruptions.”
Ash nodded and watched with a slight frown as his boss walked swiftly toward the casino lobby. Ash had rarely seen Khalid so visibly angry before, and usually when Khalid lost his temper, devastation reigned and people died. Khalid had barely broken a sweat over the beating he handed out to Aiden Galveston. He hadn’t been remotely as affected by the loss of that money as he was by the loss of the girl. 
Not that Ash had any doubt Khalid would retrieve her. But things were about to change. Ash worried about sweet Shania in the hands of his ruthless boss. 
CHAPTER SEVEN
Shania knew that her time was up the moment she saw the bus driver take a call on his cell phone and then swiftly glance back at his passengers. She pulled the ball cap that she’d hidden in her purse down lower over her forehead and slouched further into the seat. She leaned her head against the window and watched the city lights grow closer. So close she could almost touch them. 
She wondered what would happen. There were a few other people on the bus. A group of drunk, laughing women bouncing around on the seats behind her and a guy who looked like he was asleep. What if she just started screaming for help? 
Shania wasn’t certain, but she was pretty sure Khalid’s reach was endless within this city, perhaps even further. It didn’t matter where she went, he would track her down. Shania glanced sideways out the window in time to see a black blur of vehicle overtake the bus with a roar. She gasped and sat up straight, watching apprehensively as it cut in front of the bus and stopped. A shiver ran down her spine as she felt the bus slow and then stop.
Shania stood up on shaking legs. There was no point in drawing this out. She was no coward, and she wouldn’t drag innocent people into her business. 
She made her way to the front of the bus. 
She asked the driver in a shaky voice, “Please open the door. He’s here for me.”
He nodded and sent her a pitying look before opening the door. He probably thought she had stolen from the casino or something equally stupid and had gotten caught. 
Khalid stood below her on the ground. His face was in shadows so she couldn’t see his expression, but there was no missing the cold fury that rolled off of him. He was more casually dressed tonight than usual, in black jeans and a leather jacket with thick leather boots. He reached a hand up and waited for her to take it. Closing her eyes briefly, Shania placed her hand in his and stepped to the ground. 
She had never noticed their height difference with such clarity as she did now. His extra inches of height and breadth lent to his air of menace. She closed her eyes and tried to calm her racing heart.
Khalid nodded sharply at the bus driver. “Move.”
“Yes, sir,” the driver said, shutting the door quickly and getting the bus under way again. 
Shania stared after it with longing. 
“Come,” Khalid said, his voice frigid. He tugged her toward the sleek, black Bentley at the side of the road. 
He pulled the door open and pressed her down into the lush interior of the passenger side. He slammed the door shut and went around to the other side. Shania sat frozen in her seat as he slid into the car. He glanced at her and then impatiently reached around her to buckle her seatbelt. She jumped and leaned away at the brief contact of his fingers across her breasts.
Noticing, Khalid snorted sardonically. 
He turned on the engine, and with a single glance over his shoulder, swiftly maneuvered the car in a U and back onto the road. Shania clutched her seat as she watched the needle on the speedometer climb higher and higher until they were at almost twice the speed limit. The car was so smooth it ate up the road without a single protest. 
Her throat was dry. She didn’t know if she should speak or keep silent. He didn’t look like he wanted to talk at the moment, but she had to try and plead her case before they got back to the casino. Before she was once more wholly under his power.
“I’m sorry,” Shania whispered, heart racing, “but I had to go.”
Khalid said nothing for a minute. Shania thought he wasn’t going to say anything, until finally he said menacingly, “No. You didn’t.”
“You don’t understand!” Shania cried. “I can’t stay with you against my will! It’s perverse, it’s barbaric. I’m not some toy you can just dress up and keep. I can’t be what you want me to be Khalid!”
His nose flared and his hand tightened on the gearshift as though straining to keep himself from grabbing her. “We had a deal,” he snarled.
“You had a deal!” she said desperately. “You gave me no choice!”
“I gave you more,” he bit out in rage, “than I’ve given anyone, ever.”
Tears gathered in Shania’s eyes. She was saddened that she couldn’t reach him. That he had led such a lonely existence. That he couldn’t understand the difference between giving himself to a free woman and giving himself to a captive. 
“You didn’t give me freedom,” she said sadly.
He laughed bitterly. “Oh, you had freedom, princess,” the endearment a sarcastic sneer. “You will soon realize just how much freedom I was allowing you.”
Oh god! Shania shrank away from him as much as the interior of the car would allow. “What are you going to do?” she asked.
“What I should’ve done with you the first night you walked into my casino.”
The car stopped. Shania looked up in confusion. She had been so locked in their conversation that she hadn’t been paying attention to her surroundings. Khalid had driven them around to the back of the casino. She shrank back into her seat as he rounded the car and yanked her door open. Before she could get out, he reached in, unlatched her seatbelt and yanked her free.
Shania stumbled and, without giving her the opportunity to right herself, he dragged her toward the back door held open by a shadowed bodyguard. Breathlessly, she stumbled into him and jerked back, hitting the doorframe. The ball cap tumbled off her dark head. She whimpered as pain shot through her arm.
He swung her around so she was standing within the cage of his arms. His hand briefly came up to touch the spot where her shoulder had hit the doorframe, checking for damage. Then, suddenly impatient, he dropped his hand and continued dragging her through the darkened back hallways of the hotel casino, careful not to bump her against anything again. The kitchen was closed, so the back part of the casino had been shut down for the night.
“Khalid, please slow down!” she cried out, one hand clutching him for balance and the other reaching out into the darkness. The glow of the exit signs illuminated their progress, casting his face with an eerie red glow. 
Ignoring her plea, he stopped in front of the staff elevator and punched the button. Ash approached from a different hallway as they waited for the elevator. His eyes flickered over Shania for the barest second before landing on his boss.
“Casino is good. The high stakes game finished without incident. And I moved any meetings to tomorrow.” Ash stood straight and hard as the day Shania met him. She wished she could tell if he was angry with her. She wanted to apologize for possibly getting him in trouble, but knew she had better keep her mouth shut.
Khalid nodded and then jerked his head. “Go.”
Ash hesitated just long enough to earn a scathing glare from his boss. Ash’s gaze settled on Shania’s terrified face. She knew instantly that he wasn’t angry, he was worried for her. Over Khalid’s shoulder Shania mouthed ‘go’ as well, not wanting the big fighter to get himself fired (or worse) over her. Ash turned and left just as the elevator arrived.
Khalid pushed Shania inside and stabbed the button to the fifth floor. Not the penthouse. They ascended in silence. Shania thought of their first elevator ride together. When he had touched her, caressed her neck and made love to her with the barest of touches. God, he was so angry now. She still felt the erotic tension flowing between them, but it was different, twisted. She knew whatever he was planning on doing, it wasn’t pretty or romantic.
The hallway on the fifth floor was dimly lit. No sounds came from any of the rooms they passed. “Where are we?” Shania dared to ask.
“Unless we’re overcrowded, this floor is reserved for me and my people.”
Frowning, Shania asked the obvious question. “But you have the penthouse. Why do you need another apartment?”
Khalid unlocked a door and, pushing her inside, turned and locked it again. He took his time answering her question, unzipping his leather coat and pulling it off his broad shoulders. Shania shivered, sharply reminded of his superior size, outlined clearly in a dark T-shirt and jeans. 
“I bring people that have annoyed me here, to the fifth floor, so we may… talk… in relative comfort.” Crossing to the bar, he said, “This is also where I bring my women so I can fuck them without having to take them into my home.”
Shania clutched the back of the couch hard, surprised by how much his words hurt her. She hated thinking of that hard body having sex with other women and she hated even more the thought that he brought her here. “And which category do I fall into?” she asked shakily.
Khalid poured himself a shot of tequila and tossed it back without blinking. “Both,” he snarled.
“So what are you going to do to me then?” she asked bravely, standing up straighter. “Beat me or fuck me?”
He took another shot, slammed the glass back down and stalked toward her. “Both.”
Shania stood her ground, glaring up at him as he stopped inches away. He gazed on her with such scorn that she wondered if he was thinking of all the money she had cost him. He probably regretted it now.
“Stop looking at me like that!” she burst out, putting her hands against his chest and shoving. He didn’t move. “Do your worst, I can’t possibly hate you more than I do right now!”
“Oh, I think you can,” he answered back, stepping closer to her.
Shania gasped as he reached out, grabbed her by the arm and flung her around so she faced away from him. The tops of her thighs pressed against the back of the couch, the glow of the city twinkled in the distance through the window. He pressed hard against her back, moulding his thighs against hers and his chest to her back. She felt every inch of his hot, heavy body covering hers. His hands gripped her waist, holding her ass firmly in the cradle of his thighs. She felt the heat of his hard penis pressing against her through layers of fabric.
Shania moaned, both in fear and pleasure. He still wanted her as much as he ever did. Her body responded to the insistent hardness of his, pressing her back into his chest. He swept a hand up her side, across her shoulder, into her thick hair and pulled her head back sharply. The small bolt of pain made her blink and then sigh. His other arm wrapped around her waist and lifted her up onto her toes so her head was pressed back into his shoulder, her throat bared to his mouth.
“Khalid!” She gasped as his lips and teeth explored the flesh that was bared to him. Sweet, tight sensations spiralled from her neck, down to her nipples and further. 
He caressed her for several minutes, both of their breathing growing heavier, more urgent. With a groan of frustration he stopped moving, holding her tightly against his body. Even lost in the feeling of his touch, Shania noticed the shift in him from erotic back to angry. She stiffened, knowing that she wasn’t going to be punished with belly melting kisses. She had pissed off a very powerful underworld boss. He didn’t have to say the words, his body spoke to her. Khalid wanted her to pay for her infraction.  
She swallowed a scream when he suddenly took a step back from her, grabbed a fistful of the back of her jacket and forced her facedown over the back of the couch. She fought against the vulnerable position, but his strength was far superior to hers. She froze in terror when she felt him open his knife and hold it against her back. He yanked the knife through her jacket and shirt, parting the fabric with appalling ease. 
Shania held still, not wanting to get cut. When he finished, he pulled the tattered bits of cloth away from her smooth skin and flung them into the corner as though he was offended by her wearing them. He pressed the knife against the small of her back and, holding her still with one hand, cut the belt she wore. He yanked the denim jeans down her legs and forced her to step out of them, leaving her in only panties and bra.
She turned to plead with him, but stopped cold. His dark, satanic eyes swept every inch of her skin, caressing the expensive white lace panty and bra set he had bought her. It was breathtaking against her dark skin. She held a hand out to him. “Please, Khalid, don’t.”
He laughed bitterly. “Don’t what, Shania? Don’t take what belongs to me? You should have thought of that before you ran from the life I was offering you.” He shook his head. “It doesn’t matter, you were always living on borrowed time. Now we can get down to it, and I can fuck you until I’m tired of your ass and then send it away or sell it to clear up your debt.”
Shania stared at him in shocked silence. The crude brutality of his words cut through her, extinguishing her arousal.
Heedless of the knife he held in his hand, Shania hit him with a closed fist against his jaw so hard that he rocked back on his heels. “You miserable asshole! I always knew you were some lowlife scum. You might pretend you’re better than all this,” she swept her hand around the room, “but I know better! I know exactly who you are!”
 He swung his head back around, eyes glowing with wrath. Shania tried to turn and run from him, terrified of his retaliation, but he wrestled her to the floor until she was facedown underneath him. The knife fell beside them and bounced under the couch. She screamed as he unbuckled his belt against her hips. So certain that she was about to be brutally raped, Shania was completely unprepared when she felt the sting of leather rake across her bare shoulder and down her back. 
A second after the painful sensation began to fade to a sting and realization set in, another arc of heat scored her back. Shania curled into a ball on the carpet, attempting to protect her front, as Khalid continued to whip her with his belt. She barely noticed when he stopped. The sting from each wound flared with agonizing clarity. Her brain finally registered that the beating had stopped when he pulled her up by an arm. 
She cried out as her back stretched and she stumbled against him. Khalid held her tightly. Her accusing, tear-soaked eyes sought his. She thought she glimpsed a moment of regret before his eyes hardened once more and he dragged her with him into the bedroom.
CHAPTER EIGHT
Khalid shoved her toward the bed where she collapsed in a shivering heap. Fear and hate warred within her. She wanted to lash out at him for daring to hurt her, but she feared he could (and would) do much worse if she hit him again. She dropped her gaze and shrank back, turning away from his hulking form at the end of the bed. 
Clearly not liking her submissive retreat, he turned and punched a hole in the wall. “Fuck, Shania!” he snarled, rounding on her. “You have me all fucked up! I can’t even beat you properly.”
He paced angrily, like a wrathful tiger along the side of the bed. 
“Khalid,” she said, rolling on the mattress to face him, pleading, hoping any regard he had previously had for her might surface, “don’t do this. Please, I can’t take it, you have to let me go.”
Khalid punched another hole in the wall, ignoring the crumbling drywall drifting around him. “I have to finish it, Shania. I can’t let you fuck with my head like this.” He pointed a finger at her. “You won’t win. You’re my fucking slave, nothing else.”
She crawled up the bed, away from him. “No.”
“Yes,” he breathed, stalking around the side of the bed. She lunged to the other side and he grabbed her ankle. He flipped her onto her back, pinning her struggling body underneath his heavier one. “But I can make sure you enjoy it.”
Her eyes went wide with realization and she shook her head frantically, dark curls spilling across the white duvet. “No, Khalid, please don’t. I can’t take it. I’ll hate you!” she gasped breathlessly.
“Maybe,” he said, catching her wrists and holding them down in one hand. 
She bucked against him and the bed, but he held her tightly. She arched her neck against the mattress. “I’ll hate myself,” she panted.
“I don’t care. I can make sure you want me, Shania.” He growled, bringing his face to hers and blazing a stinging path of biting kissed down her neck, taking advantage of her inability to push him away.  
She hated how good his lips felt against her skin as they forcefully explored every shadowy hollow of her neck and throat. She tossed her head to the side when his exploring mouth got too close to the dainty shell of her ear. But he was relentless, and soon his tongue was tracing a breathtaking path. She moaned and shifted underneath him.
Shania had one brief moment of clarity when his ear drifted too close to her mouth and, with her last sane thought, she latched onto it, closing her sharp teeth with a snap. He froze. For several seconds they were locked against each other in motionless battle. Arousal fought against sanity. 
“Let go, Shania.” His deep voice was deadly and quiet. “It won’t make a difference. You can bite it off, I’m still going to fuck you tonight.”
She whimpered and locked her teeth tighter, feeling the tang of blood against her tongue. Her thoughts flew in all directions. She could maim him and then attempt to run from him. She probably wouldn’t get far. He would come after her, and the things he would likely do didn’t bear imagining. He’d hospitalized men that borrowed from him without returning their debt. What would he do to someone that physically hurt him? 
Tears gathered in her eyes and she breathed hard against his ear. 
He took the decision from her hands. “Enough,” he said softly, swiftly reaching into her panties and pushing a thick finger between her plump labia and into her resisting body. Shania gasped, releasing his ear and froze against the intrusion. Her tight body gradually accepted the thrust of his finger as her hips lifted ever so slightly in supplication.
He pulled his hand from her wet heat and grasped both of her flailing wrists in a vice-like grip before she could do more damage to his body. His ear stung, but the love bite only inflamed him further. He yanked both of her wrists over her head and, slamming them down, pinned her against the mattress with one hand. 
His big body covered hers, straddling her hips, his chest to hers. He grasped her jaw in his free hand and applied pressure, forcing her mouth open. She squirmed underneath him, whimpering and bucking, but ultimately unable to move him off of her. 
“You bit me, woman,” he breathed heavily, his mouth inches from hers. “Did you like that little taste of me, Shania? Because you’re going to get a whole lot more before I’m finished with you.”
He licked her open mouth, caressing her lips, teeth and tongue with his tongue. She moaned, long and low in her throat. He knew she was wet for him, he could feel the heat from her body, smell her heated arousal, knew her struggle not to give into the feelings. He urged her legs apart with his rough, jean-clad thighs and settled his clothed penis against her, thrusting the zipper into the delicate lace of her panties. 
Helpless, Shania’s hips moved back against his, answering him. Khalid let go of her jaw, no longer worried about her snapping teeth, and yanked the white lace of her bra underneath her full breasts. Dusky nipples thrust up against dark brown areoles. He growled and closed his lips over one of her nipples, sucking her into the wet heat of his mouth. She thrust her body into his as hard as she could, encouraging him to suck harder. 
Knowing she was under his power completely, he released her hands so he could reach one over his shoulder and yank his T-shirt over his head. He broke contact with her succulent nipple and revelled in her cry of disappointment. He wasn’t surprised by her passion, but he was extremely pleased by her uninhibited response, given the circumstances. She couldn’t help herself. She was ripe for his seduction. Her idiot husband had been clueless, and now Khalid would enjoy what no man would ever again touch.
Shania pulled her knees back, scraping long, silky legs against him. She pressed her knees against his upper body and lifted her hips, deepening the contact of his crotch against the wet slick silk of her panties. She pressed herself up and then down, sliding his rough length across her pussy, trying to bring herself some relief from the building pressure within her body. She arched her neck and pressed her head back against the bed.
“What do you need, princess?” Khalid growled, lifting his hips and reaching down between them to caress her clitoris roughly through the lace covering. 
“Yes!” she gasped. “Touch me. Please, Khalid. Touch me again!”
His lips pulled back in a feral grin. “Beg me for it, Shania.” He pressed heated kisses over her breasts and neck.
“Please, Khalid!” she said desperately, writhing underneath him. “Please, I need you to touch me!”
“Where?” he demanded.
She reached down, between their bodies, and grasping his long fingers, pressed them against her. “Here!”
Impatient to get his fingers back into the luscious heat of her vagina, he tore the panties from her body. “I have you, princess,” he breathed, dropping his head down to her stomach as she pressed up against him. 
Khalid slid his fingers along her plump labia, gently separating them and revealing the dusky pink of her inner lips and the thrust of her aroused clitoris. Shania responded by separating her knees and shifting her hips restlessly. He dropped further between her knees and reaching underneath her, gripped the globes of her ass and lifted her off the bed.
Shania froze and stared down the length of her body uncertainly. She knew what he wanted to do, but it wasn’t something she had ever shared with anyone. Aiden had been a selfish lover and her limited experience before him hadn’t led to a man putting his mouth on her most private body part. She whimpered and experimentally tried to close her knees.
Not having it, Khalid thrust his muscular shoulders against her soft thighs and spread them wide. “Trust me,” he growled, nipping at her inner thigh, causing goosebumps of pleasure to feather along her skin. 
“I don’t…” she gasped. “I can’t.”
“You don’t have a choice.”
She held her breath, half afraid and half hopeful as he dropped his head between her legs. He looked like a dark, swooping predator, casting a black shadow over her, covering the intimacy he was about to force on her. When his lips made contact with her dripping pussy, the sensations were so intensely good she thought she might die if he changed his mind and stopped. He slid his tongue from her vagina to the top of her clitoris and back. 
Shania bowed her head back and moaned loudly. Her knees dropped helplessly open, giving up the fight against his intrusion. He tasted every inch of her over and over again with increasingly aggressive swipes. Sometimes his tongue was too rough against her sensitive clitoris and she would jump, but then his soothing lips would gently caress her. She was so lost in the incredible feelings he was arousing that she barely noticed the pressure when he pressed one long, thick finger into her slick passage. She definitely noticed when he added another finger. 
She tossed restlessly beneath him, caught between the pressure of the fingers in her vagina and the incredibly good lave of his tongue across her clitoris and inner lips. She could feel the orgasm building within her belly and spreading through her lower body. She thrust up against him, forcing his fingers further into her body.
“Good girl,” he said, nipping gently at her clitoris. “I want you to come now,” he added and began licking her with relentless swipes of his tongue over sensitized flesh. She tried to scream out, but her breath strangled in her throat. He slid his thumb through the cream of her dripping arousal and around to her anus. 
He felt the tension rise within her and the answering tension within his own tightly held body. He knew she would never have consented to anal play. Not this soon and not with someone she barely knew and didn’t trust. But he was getting a taste of her passionate body and knew that nothing could stop him from accessing every beautiful inch. 
He pushed his thumb against the light resistance of the muscular ring and slid it into her body. Ignoring her gasping protests, he pulled his thumb out of her ass and then began thrusting it back into her body in time with his fingers. All it took was one more swipe of his tongue across her begging clit and she was done. With a scream she came so hard she nearly managed to throw him off of her body.  
He wanted to enjoy watching the fall of her body as it came down from such an intense orgasm, but his own body screamed at him to claim his woman now. He didn’t bother taking off his boots or jeans. He just opened his fly and shoved his jeans and underwear out of the way. His heavy penis thrust out, eager for a taste of the woman that writhed helplessly beneath him.
Khalid reached down and pulled her legs over his arms, spreading her wide to accommodate him. He knew from the thrust of his fingers that she would be a tight fit. He wanted to be gentle, but he didn’t have it in him. She had gutted him in so many ways tonight. Now she was dealing with the consequences. She could have had a slow and easy lover in him, if she had played by his rules. 
“Hold on to me, princess,” he said, reaching down and lining his penis up. She gasped sharply when he thrust forward and did as he told her, grabbing hold of his biceps and digging her nails in. 
He only got about halfway into her tight passage. He grunted and pulled back out. She whimpered and tried to move her hips but he pinned her with another deep thrust. “Fuck, baby,” he grunted, forcing his thick penis through the silken passage until he was buried deep within her.
She mewled and bit into his shoulder in pain and ecstasy. He could tell she didn’t even know what she wanted at this point. It had clearly been some time since she’d had sex and she had never felt so stretched in her life. She didn’t think she could possibly accommodate him. But the slippery wetness increased, easing his way and telling him her body wanted what he was doing. 
Finally she moved her hips, experimentally shifting them upwards to meet his. Khalid gritted his teeth and threw his head back trying to remain still while her body continued to adjust. It didn’t work. He had never been a particularly patient man. He began thrusting in and out of her, revelling in the gasps escaping her full lips. It wasn’t long before he felt the clench of her inner muscles creating a rhythm of their own, as they tried to hold his dick in place for her pleasure.
He felt the burning heat of his impending orgasm. He should have been surprised as he usually lasted much longer with his women, but he knew Shania would be different. He was too desperate to have her for the first time to take very long. He heard the quickening of her breath and knew she was close to reaching another orgasm. He reached between their bodies and carefully began gliding the pad of his finger over her bared, sensitive clitoris. 
Shania screamed again and came with such energy that her hips thrust up against him, burying him so deep inside of her clenching body he had no choice but to come with her. He grunted and clutched her soft body with hard, demanding fingers as he emptied himself deep within her body. 
He continued to hold her tightly for several minutes before forcing himself to gently pull out of her and lay her back on the bed. She moaned softly and lay passively where he put her. Her breaths, which had been quick and panting, were gradually easing into a regular rhythm. He thought she might be falling asleep.
Khalid rolled to his side and reached over to snap the lamp on. They were bathed in a soft glow and he was able to look down at the woman. Her head had lolled toward him. Her lips were slack and slightly open and her silky black lashes were lowered. She was well on her way to sleep, exhaustion from the day and their frantic lovemaking overtaking her. Gently, he reached around her and tilted her shoulder up to unclasp her bra. It took some maneuvering, but he was able to pull it off of her without disturbing her too much. 
With firm but gentle hands, Khalid rolled her onto her other side so he could inspect her back in the light. He traced one long finger over the barely visible red marks that crossed over her tender skin and winced. Guilt ate at him. He knew that in his world, the tiny taste of pain he had dealt her was nothing, but it didn’t stop him wishing he had never laid rough hands on her. His rules and tough façade were nothing in the presence of his princess. 
Khalid knew he would never touch her in anger again. It wasn’t worth feeling lower than the scum he dealt with on a daily basis. She was too pure, too perfect to know that side of him. No matter what she did to twist him up, he would never hurt her again. 
Khalid stood and adjusted his jeans, zipping them back up again. With little effort, he found his shirt and pulled it back over his head. He was loathe to disturb her, but he couldn’t stand the idea of Shania spending even one night in this base hotel room. She belonged in his bed. Maybe if he had taken her there that first night, none of this would have happened.
As gently as he could, Khalid gathered the white duvet around his sleeping beauty and stood with her in his arms. He shifted her so her head was up against his shoulder, her arms tucked inside the quilt and long brown legs draped over his other arm. Striding out of the suite, he met Ash in the hallway. He wasn’t surprised to see Ash. The bodyguard would always shadow either Shania or himself when they were at their most vulnerable. Without a word, Ash escorted the two to the elevator and accompanied them to the penthouse. 
CHAPTER NINE
The first thing Shania became aware of was the deep, borderline unpleasant ache of her body. She frowned and twisted a little before coming fully awake. With a moan, she shoved herself into a sitting position and tried to reach back to touch one of the aching stripes that marked her back. As the heavy quilt fell away from her naked body, she became aware that she wasn’t in that horrible room Khalid had taken her to last night, nor was she in her own room. The heavy, dark furniture came into focus and she realized she was in the penthouse. His room.
She tried to think of how she got there when a scraping noise caught her attention. Khalid was sitting in the chair against the corner wall watching her intently. Shania blushed and pulled the blanket back up her body.
“It won’t happen again.”
She knew right away what he meant. His voice, deep with regret, assured her of his honesty. She dropped her eyes as the memory of his beating swept over her. It hadn’t hurt nearly as much as she knew it could, but she hated that it happened at all. She wasn’t sure if she was ready to forgive him.
“How can you be sure?” she whispered.
He shoved annoyed fingers through his hair. “Because it won’t,” he snapped. “I don’t explain myself, Shania. You don’t have to believe what I say. I said what I meant.”
She nodded. It was true, he had never done other than what he said he would.  They had that in common. “And the other thing?” she asked quietly, her face flaming.   
His face reflected his answer. His eyes swept over her curves under the cover of the blanket. Her breath caught in her throat as his scorching eyes captured hers. “You stay in my bed.”
She knew he meant that literally as well as metaphorically. Their relationship had changed and he wasn’t going to let her go back to sleeping alone in the room across the hall. 
She was torn. Except for the slight tightness in her back, her body tingled in a wonderful way she had never experienced before. She loved the feeling of his body claiming hers. But Shania had issue with carrying on and enjoying a sexual relationship with a man that took away her freedom and rights. 
“I can’t do it, Khalid,” she said quietly. “Not unless everything else has changed. I need to go back to work, I need to be my own person and make my own decisions. I can’t have Aiden’s debt between us if I’m going to consent to a relationship.”
She watched apprehensively as he pushed himself up from the chair and stood to his full height. He approached the bed slowly, stalking her. Shania pushed herself further back up the bed.
“You make mistakes, Shania.” His sinful voice caressed each syllable of her name. His accent was slightly stronger, edged with annoyance at her. She shivered, so far ‘annoyed’ Khalid hadn’t been her favourite. 
“Mistakes?” she whispered.
He reached back, pulled his T-shirt over his head and dropped it to the floor. He held her gaze as he unzipped his jeans. “You make the mistake of assuming that debt has anything to do with us anymore. I wrote it off the moment you walked into my office and tried to hand me that pitiful roll of cash.”
Shania’s breath gasped out. He shoved his jeans and underwear down his legs and kicked them off. He stood in front of her, completely unashamed of his nudity. Not that he had anything to be ashamed of. His body was incredibly beautiful to her, as though he had been sculpted from her imagination. He was big all over. Bigger than she had thought. His expensive suits hid the powerful body beneath. A tattoo scrolled from his ribcage around his back. She couldn’t tell what it said. It was written in Arabic or some other language she couldn’t recognize.
“Then why am I here, if not for the debt?”
“That was your second mistake,” he answered, kneeling on the bed next to her quivering body. “In assuming, once you stepped foot in my casino, that your consent would ever be necessary to me. You belong to me, Shania. Nothing changes, except now you’re in my bed where you belong. You’re not going anywhere, sweetheart.”
He pulled the heavy blanket away from her, ignoring her desperate grasp for modesty. He worshipped her flawless dark skin with his eyes, and swept his hands down her body, from neck to breasts to hips and back up again.
Shania gasped and grabbed hold of his wrists. Despite her tugging, he didn’t cease his exploration. Her body quickly warmed beneath him and began to respond. He was more than ready for her, his thick penis jutting from his body. 
“No,” Shania moaned. “You can’t keep me like this! I won’t be your slave!”
Khalid’s hands grew more insistent, one slipping low over the curve of her stomach and settling between her plump thighs. He was gentle, but firm as he nudged her legs apart and slipped into the wet, welcoming heat of her pussy. 
“Ahhh…” Her strangled moan let him know his exploration was succeeding. 
“Not my slave, Shania, my princess,” he breathed, dropping a kiss on her jaw. “You belong to me, body and soul.”
Shania gasped again when his thumb brushed against her aching clit. He knew exactly how to touch her, how to push her buttons to make her capitulate. But she also knew it was important to let him know where she stood. She placed her palms on the sheets and shoved up, the unexpected movement dragging her out of his grip. 
She rolled away from him. “I won’t stay with you under these circumstances, Khalid. Either you give me back my freedom or I find a way to take it myself! I mean it, Khalid. I won’t stop looking for a way to leave!”
Anger at her stubbornness flared hotly within him. Didn’t she understand how many women dreamed of being where she was? He had never taken another woman to his apartment and into his bed. She would be the first and last. Other women would salivate over the jewels and the clothes he gifted her. Yet all she could obsess over was the fact that he wouldn’t allow her to freely walk out of the casino by herself.
With a growl, Khalid reached out and halted her move to get off the bed. Gripping her hips, he dragged her back toward him until he had her laying facedown, panting under his heavier body. He cock nudged her backside insistently. 
Tangling one hand in her hair, he tilted her head back until she had no choice but to brace herself against the mattress to relieve the pressure. “That will never happen,” he snapped.
“Stop it Khalid!” she gasped, shifting her hips under him.
He grinned darkly when she did exactly what he wanted her to. She pushed herself up onto her knees in order to have enough purchase to scramble off the bed. Khalid slid a thick arm around her waste and yanked the plump globes of her ass into the cradle of his hips.
“That’s right, baby,” he breathed, “right there.”
In one fluid movement, he pressed his long, thick penis into the wet heat of her pussy. She cried out against the intrusion, but stopped trying to crawl off the bed. She held still as he forced his way through her tight channel until he was deep within her. Her body fluttered around him, tightening and loosening as she worked to accommodate his size. 
“Khalid…” she breathed. Then, with the tiniest wiggle of her delicious bottom, encouraged him to continue.
Groaning at the feel and sight of her reached up and firmly pressed her shoulders down to the mattress. Using the hand tangled in her hair, he tilted her face to the side and pushed the mass away so he could watch the flushed wonderment of her expression as he fucked her from behind. 
In long, thrusting strokes he took her body without mercy. Still tender from the sex they had the night before, Shania gasped and wiggled. Sensations flooded her body. She felt helpless beneath him, with no choice but to submit to the aggressive thrusting of his hard body against her. He paused for a moment, she thought perhaps to give her time to adjust to him, but he used a knee to shove her legs wider on the bed, his fit within her body impossibly snug.
 Shania shrieked and then moaned long and low as he began moving again. She felt every tiny movement of his cock within her. The pressure was too much, forcing her tight passage to take far more than ever before. She wanted it to stop, but she also never wanted it to end.
He reached beneath their bodies and, with sure fingers, found the tiny nub of her clit. He stroked it until she was shrieking in agony and ecstasy. She tried to pull away from the intense, overwhelming sensations, but he forced her to stay right where she was.
“Please, Khalid!” she begged him. “It’s too much! I can’t take it, you have to stop!”
Khalid growled and dropped his big, heavy body over her back, shoving her further into the mattress and increasing her helplessness. “I’ll say when it’s enough,” he growled, nipping at the back of her neck and her shoulders. “Come for me, Shania.” 
His demand rocketed her over the edge of the most intense orgasm she had ever experienced. It was like a bolt of lightening streaking through her body, lighting her up with such intensity she thought she would die. Dimly, she heard Khalid shout her name, before he shifted slightly against her to get a better grip and start pounding into her tender flesh. 
Barely down from her last orgasm she felt herself hurtling toward another. She screamed again, unable to stop the hoarse sound from escaping her throat as her bruised body was forced once more to the heights of ecstasy and thrown over the edge without warning. She felt Khalid’s cock grow bigger and longer in her body before he joined her, his bruising fingers gripping her hips and his huge body heaving against hers.
He collapsed on top of her. Shania had only a brief moment of panic as her body registered that it couldn’t breath before he rolled off her. His hand, still tangled in her messy hair, retained its grip, ensuring she rolled with him if she planned on keeping that section of hair attached to her scalp.
They both lay panting, his hot sweaty body pressed against hers. He gently extricated his fingers from her hair as they came down from the intensity of their lovemaking. 
He reached down and tilted her head up so she was forced to look at him. “I knew,” he said, his eyes sweeping her possessively, “from the moment I saw your picture, that it would be like this for us. You were made for me, Shania.”
Shania’s heart stuttered at his words. She believed him. She also knew that he never spoke this way with anyone. He was usually quite reserved, if brutal, in his business dealings. She seemed to be the exception. She wanted to be happy that she was the cherished woman in his life. The exception to everyone else. But the grey cloud of her freedom dampened her feelings and closed her heart off from him. 
He watched helplessly as her eyes dimmed and dropped from his. He wanted to demand that she be the passionate woman he just had sex with. The woman that could embrace her own submissiveness and accept him into her body. But she refused to accept that woman outside of his bed. 
He sighed. He wanted to give her the world to prove that she was different for him, that she was fast owning his heart. “Let’s go out for dinner tonight,” he said.
She frowned slightly. “In the casino?” 
He shook his head. “No, in the city. Let’s go out to a restaurant. We can see what happens. And then maybe…”
“Maybe?” she asked breathlessly, half hopeful. 
“Damn it, I don’t know Shania,” he began, extricating himself from the mess of sheets and her limbs. “It’s hard for me. I don’t like the idea of you being in places that I can’t control. Something could happen to you.”
Shocked, Shania lay in the bed, processing his words. She had assumed he wanted her under his protection, in the casino, because he feared she would run away from their arrangement. It had never occurred to her that he was worried about the possibility of her getting hurt. Especially after knowing her for such a short time. Understanding and a little light of hope blossomed in her chest. She could work toward her freedom if she understood the root of his concern with letting her go out into the world. She could prove to him that she wouldn’t get hurt and that she would come back to him.
For the first time, she actually considered having a relationship with Khalid, One that wasn’t based on Aiden’s debt or Khalid’s unreasonable possessiveness. She smiled. “I’d like going into the city for dinner with you. Just let me know what time you want me to be ready.”
CHAPTER TEN
Khalid stared down at the thick envelope on his desk without seeing it. His thoughts were all for the curvy, baffling woman that currently occupied his penthouse. The smile she had given him this morning after he offered to take her into the city for a meal was like a punch in the gut. He had thought just having her would be enough. Now, he wanted her smile too. He wanted to own her happiness and take her heart. 
He had no idea how a mobbed up son of a bitch like him was going to get a woman like Shania to fall for him. The task seemed insurmountable. He had learned work ethic from a young age, clawing his way out of the gutters of Kabul and making a name for himself in this section of America. He had fought tooth and nail for the respect of his soldiers. He had embarked on countless successful ventures, both legal and illegal. But he had never wooed a woman. Hadn’t had the time or inclination. He had always fucked his women and then left them behind. He thought that was how he was built, that relationships were for the weak and foolish.
From the moment Aiden had shown him the picture of his wife, Khalid had been lost to her. The shy, innocent smile, the glow of her rich, brown skin, the fullness of her lips, the honesty of her eyes… he had been hers before he had even met the woman. 
Like an idiot, he had pined for the untouchable woman from the photograph. He had personally beaten Aiden for presuming to sell such a goddess, taking pleasure in the other man’s suffering. Then, his princess had walked through the door of his casino. Like the villain in the story, he had captured her and kept her locked in a tower. How could she love a man like him?
He was disgusted with himself, but resigned. He couldn't change. He couldn’t become her prince. He knew no other life than the one he had been leading and he was terrified of getting her involved in such filth. She could be too easily hurt by his competitors. He would protect her, including her happiness, at all costs.
Picking up the envelope, he texted Ash. Make sure she’s ready, have the car out front in 15 minutes.
Within seconds, Ash texted back his acknowledgment. 
   Khalid left his office, desperately hoping that this sojourn into the city would tide Shania over for a while. He craved her gorgeous smile and wanted her to gift him more of the same. He was a greedy enough bastard to dangle the hope of more freedom in front of her to gain her sweet affection.
Shania approached him in the lobby with a shy smile on her face. The sight of her in a floor length red satin sheath stunned him. The design was classic and simple, with a halter neckline that hovered over her cleavage, but didn’t look cheap. The gown hugged every mouth-watering curve with a long slit from the floor to the top of her thigh showing off her gorgeously curved leg. She wore black heeled sandals and held a slim black clutch in one hand. Her hair, swept to the side in a large jewelled clip, cascaded over her bare shoulder in a black waterfall of wavy curls.
He very nearly changed his mind about their night out. He wondered if he could even get her into the elevator before hiking the dress to her waist and burying his face between her thighs. He wanted to yank the modest neckline down and make her scream her orgasm for him. 
She gave him a heart-stopping grin when he stopped in front of her and placed hesitant fingers against his crimson tie. 
“You look amazing,” she said, breathless.
Khalid captured her fingers with his and brought them up to his lips. He pressed a kiss to the pads and flicked his tongue against them. Smiling mischievously down at her, he said, “Let’s go upstairs, princess. We can do dinner another night.”
She knew he wasn’t entirely kidding. 
She laughed. “Not on your life! I’m starving, and I can’t wait to get back into the city.”
She tugged his hand down and led him toward the doors to the massive parking lot of the casino. She knew that if Khalid had insisted, she would be back upstairs in his bed. He was allowing her to lead him. She felt a tiny rush of pleasure, understanding that he was working to give her what she wanted, a small sampling of freedom.
Khalid had decided to use the limo for their night out, so he could have easier access to his woman on the ride. Several light touches and whispered comments along the way once again tested his resolve not to turn back and just finish the night buried deep in her gorgeous body. The pleasure and the promise sparkling in her amber eyes held his impulse in check.
The meal, taken at one of the city’s finest restaurants, was a true test for him. He hated feeling publicly exposed, much preferring to haunt his own establishments, where any potential threat could be swiftly and brutally dealt with. But this night was special. His woman deserved a taste of fine things and freedom.
He watched her, fascinated, as she licked clean a spoon that had been dipped into a crème brûlée dessert. He wanted to capture that tongue and suck it deep into his mouth, tasting the sugary sweetness within, while he sank his fingers into her pussy and made her cry out for him. It nearly killed him to sit and watch silently as she finished her dessert with zero molestation, except for a good eye fucking from him. And half the men in the restaurant, he realized as he glanced darkly around him. 
His eyes stopped on a familiar figure. Vladimir Sitnikov. The man owned this city’s underworld. The parts Khalid didn’t own, anyway. While the majority of Khalid’s business interests were legitimate, Sitnikov tended toward the opposite. The majority of the cruel Russian mob bosses business was dirty, with only a few legitimate enterprises to launder money through. 
Khalid and Sitnikov maintained an uneasy alliance. Both had strong presences in the city and rarely crossed boundaries. Neither wanted to go to war. It was unnecessary. He caught Sitnikov’s gaze and nodded in acknowledgment. The Russian’s eyes flickered over Shania, interest flaring, before he returned the nod and turned back to his dinner companion. 
“Who was that?” Shania asked in her soft voice, letting her spoon rest in the empty dessert dish.
“An acquaintance,” he said shortly, shutting the conversation down. 
Sitnikov was dangerous. The less Shania knew about the man, the better. 
If Khalid had simply ended their evening there, taken her from the restaurant, made love to her in the back of the limo and again in the penthouse, the evening would have been perfect. Instead, he pulled the envelope out of his jacket pocket and handed it to her. She frowned slightly before automatically reaching for it. 
“What is it?” she asked.
“Open it.”
Pushing her plate aside, Shania opened the envelope and pulled a bundle of papers from it. She smoothed them out on the table and began reading. Within seconds her ruby lips parted in a gasp. She glanced up at Khalid with shocked disbelief, then back down to keep reading. She flicked through the rest of the papers before turning stunned eyes up to him.
“How did you get these?” She asked in a low, pained voice. “Did Aiden give these to you?”
Khalid shook his head. “No, although he’ll have a similar copy by now.”
“But…” She shook her head in disbelief. “How did you do this? It usually takes months, sometimes even years!”
Khalid reached into his jacket pocket and pulled a pen out. He snapped it open and placed it on the papers in front of her. “Anything can be obtained on short notice with the right connections. Even a divorce. Sign the papers Shania.”
She continued to stare at him, her quick brain clearly racing in thought. Finally, with a small sigh she pushed the papers and the pen away from her. “No.”
Khalid raised a thick brow and asked very carefully, “No?”
Shania could sense the tightening of his body across the table and knew he was incredibly angry with her. Remembering what had happened the night before, after her aborted escape, she shivered at the thought of pissing him off again. But she had to make him understand that he couldn’t continue to make decisions for her, to run her life without regard for her opinions, even if it meant putting herself on the wrong side of his temper. 
“No, Khalid, I won’t sign the divorce papers,” she answered as steadily as she could. “I’m not ready yet.”
Khalid’s fist came down on the table causing her to jump. With a glance up, Shania caught sight of the dark, sinister man watching their exchange with some interest. Her eyes widened at the man’s perusal. He was almost as elementally frightening as Khalid. His dinner companion, a petite woman with chicly died black and blue hair, chatted animatedly, unaware that his attention had strayed elsewhere. 
“You still love him,” Khalid growled, drawing her focus back to him. 
For a moment, she didn’t know who he was talking about, before she realized he must mean Aiden. Of course he would jump to that conclusion. He had no faith in her. Because he kept her locked up in his penthouse and didn’t give her a chance to prove that she was capable of loving him too.
“I don’t love Aiden,” she denied. “Not anymore.”
Khalid stared at her, anger smouldering in his dark eyes. “Then sign the fucking papers Shania.”
“I won’t,” she whispered. 
“Why?”
She shivered. His demanding voice gave no quarter. He wasn’t willing to listen to her. 
She tried anyway. “I want to have the choice, Khalid. Divorce is a big deal. I’m not a quitter and I hate the idea of a failed marriage. I won’t be rushed into a decision like this, not without seeing Aiden and talking to him, making sure that we’re both on the same page.”
“You will never see that fucked up lowlife again!” he snarled with such vehemence that she instantly believed him. 
The breath caught in her throat at the look on Khalid’s face. She thought that if they had been alone in the room he would have grabbed and shaken her and then forced her to put pen to paper and dissolve her marriage to another man.
“We’re leaving,” he snapped. 
She didn’t want to go with him, not in this mood. But she didn’t have a choice. Nodding, she stood up and allowed him to escort her to the front of the restaurant where he collected their coats. Without pause, he led her outside and pushed her into the waiting limo.
In a chilling move, he pressed the button that enabled the security screen between them and the driver. She watched desperately as the screen went up, leaving her completely alone with the furious man. He tossed their coats, the divorce papers and the pen onto the seat between them. 
Khalid reached up and loosened his tie, yanking it off. He unbuttoned a few of the buttons on his crisp white shirt. “You keep disappointing me, Shania.”
CHAPTER ELEVEN
His words sounded so sinister. She doubted anyone in his life disappointed him, or at least they weren’t allowed to disappoint him for long. She wondered how much longer she could go up against him before he lost his cool and denied her freedom completely or kicked her out of his life. She didn’t know which she feared more. 
“You keep taking my choices from me!” she said, pressing back against the seat to escape his scorching eyes in the dim light of the limo.    
“Get used to it!” he snarled, reaching across the distance of the back seat and taking her arm in a punishing grip. “You belong to me, Shania, and I’ll be damned if my woman is going to stay married to another man.”
She gasped when he jerked her off the plush seat and onto the floor in front of him. She put her hands up, onto his thighs to steady herself, her red dress swirling seductively around her body. He took advantage and yanked her in closer between his spread legs. He watched, lust and anger sparking in his eyes. Her breasts heaved against the neckline of her dress, her lips parting to take gasping breaths. 
“I fucking hate that your name is tied to that fuck up Aiden Galveston.” His hand tightened in her hair as he dragged her closer. “And you won’t do a goddamn thing about separating yourself from him!”
He licked the bared top of her breast and then bit down, hard enough to punish, but not hard enough to hurt her. He had meant what he’d said that morning. He wouldn’t cross that line with her again. 
“Khalid!” she gasped, shuddering as his tongue and teeth explored her cleavage and throat. 
He reached between them and unzipped his black suit trousers. With a tug, he freed his erection. Her eyes widened at the sudden sight of his massive cock pressing up against her. Steady pressure on the back of her head told her what Khalid wanted her to do. 
Licking her lips, Shania nervously pressed back, but he held her tightly. He didn’t force her down, but she knew with little effort he could if he wanted to. She realized he was giving her the choice to choose giving him a blowjob. Which really wasn’t a choice, because he also wasn’t allowing her to retreat either. They both knew how this would end. She wanted to laugh hysterically at his high-handed way of letting her make a choice.  
Impatience prompted him to press harder, the tip of his satiny penis brushing against her full lips. She decided it was a good thing she wanted to taste him or she might have chosen this opportunity to show him just how annoyed she was that he’d ended their dinner date so badly. She opened her mouth and flicked her tongue out, laving the top of him with an experimental swipe. 
Khalid moaned and strained his head back against the cushions. His arms trembled with the effort not to grab her head and force his dick far back into her mouth and throat. He sensed they stood on a ledge together and that it would be a mistake to push her off rather than let her decide to jump. 
She opened her mouth to him and sucked him gently into the warm, velvety depth. His eyes rolled into the back of his head at the feel of his perfect Shania taking him into her mouth. She continued to lick and suck his cock with growing enthusiasm until Khalid had to let go of her head and grip the back of the seats behind him to keep from grabbing her forcefully. 
“Fuck!” he growled to the ceiling of the limo. 
“Ummm.” She caressed him, making satisfied humming noises. 
He realized she was enjoying herself. Which was too much for his control. He reached out and gripping the back of her head pulled her off his raging dick. She moaned in disappointment, which snapped his control completely. He picked her up and threw her down on the seat, dropping down on top of her. 
“Khalid!” she cried out at the sudden reversal in their positions. 
He grabbed her dress where is was separated in the slit and tore it completely up her body until she was left bared to his gaze. She gasped, her breasts heaving at his savage shredding of her dress. He pulled her legs over his shoulders, leaving her helpless to him. He yanked her panties to the side and with no further warning plunged into her silky heat.
Her body stretched to welcome him, accommodating his size with only a little difficulty. She strained underneath him, trying to take him comfortably. Still pissed off, and wholly aroused by her gorgeous body and succulent mouth, he seemed incapable of taking her gently. He thrust in and out of her with long, brutal strokes.
He reached up to her face and pushed his thumb hard against her lips. “Suck,” he demanded hoarsely. 
She parted her juicy red lips and sucked his thumb hard and deep into the recesses of her mouth. He pulled his thumb out of her mouth and brought it down in between their bodies. 
Her eyes widened when she realized what he was doing. “No, Khalid! Please…its too much!” she gasped. 
“You’ll take whatever I give you!” he snarled against her upraised leg and then dragged his thumb in slashing strokes across her sensitive clit while his cock continued to savage her body. 
She shrieked and sunk her fingers into his shoulders. But her body raised up the meet his thrusts and strokes as though trusting him to lead her to the promised orgasm. His other hand caught the back of her neck and dragged her up to his mouth for a long, hot kiss, as savage as the thrusts of his body into hers. 
He pressed his forehead against her temple. She smelled sweat, sex and the spicy aroma of his aftershave as he held her tightly. 
“Sign the papers,” he groaned against her ear. “Please, Shania.”
Her eyes flew open and she tried to struggle, but he held her fast, continuing his assault on her body. She knew she would give him whatever he wanted. Because he pleaded for it, and because she was fast learning that it was useless to deny this man anything. 
“Yes,” she sighed, her voice ragged, “I’ll sign.”
His gaze was scorching and possessive, his strokes becoming shorter and harder. She moaned against him, chasing the orgasm he seemed so intent to force on her. Finally, with a cry, she tossed her head back, long black curls thrown across the leather of the seat that cushioned them and screamed her orgasm. 
With a grunt and one final thrust that seated him deeply within her wet heat, he flooded her with hot semen. Her eyes flew open and she gasped in surprise. It hadn’t occurred to her last night, nor this morning, but they were making love without protection. 
Her body grew rigid beneath him, which confused him. She had gone from mindless pleasure to fear within seconds. He pressed back up and looked down at her, concerned. “What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?”
She shook her head and pulled herself up into a sitting position attempting to cover her nakedness with the shredded sides of her dress. She stared up at him in apprehension. He hated the look she was giving him. 
Finally she spoke. “We haven’t used protection.”
His mind went blank for a second. “You aren’t on the pill?” he asked almost absently.
She shook her head. Dark curls swirled over her silken shoulders, capturing his attention. God, she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
“I haven’t taken any since leaving Aiden. I just forgot and then I skipped too many for it to make a difference anyway. I wasn’t expecting to get involved in another sexual relationship right away.” She sounded scared, but he didn’t care. The image of her heavily pregnant with his child flooded his mind. 
“Good,” he said, adjusting his pants, tucking himself back in and zipping up. 
She frowned at him. “What do you mean ‘good’?”
He shrugged and rubbed a hand over his short hair. “I mean ‘good’, Shania. I hope you are pregnant. It’ll give you less reason to want the damn freedom you’re so obsessed with.”
She gasped and then slapped at him. “You bastard! What type of a person decides to use an innocent child to tie a woman to him?”
“Watch it,” he snapped back, grabbing hold of her wrist in case she decided to go after him again. “This type of person won’t hesitate to spank you and then introduce you to anal play right here and now if you don’t settle down.”
“Ohhh!” She huffed and thumped the heel of her other hand against his chest. “You are so beyond fucked up!”
Khalid bit back a grin at hearing the harsh swear fall from her sweet lips. He captured her other hand and brought both to his mouth to drop a kiss into each palm. 
“I think you would look stunning pregnant, and I’m not against having a child with you,” he said, sitting back and pulling her up with him. “I happen to agree that it’s a little early in our relationship, so if it pleases you, we will ensure protection from now on.”
Shania stared at him in consternation. Was he being reasonable? The man, so far as she knew him, was almost never reasonable when it came to her. 
He laughed at the expression on her face. “Don’t look so surprised. I may he a little heavy-handed with you sometimes, but I’m not a complete monster.”
“A little heavy-handed?” she said with an arched brow.
Khalid ignored her quip. He picked up her long coat from the other side of the seat and held it out to her. She frowned at him and took it, then spent a few minutes attempting to mitigate some of the damage he had done to her outfit. He particularly enjoyed the view of her stuffing very full breasts back into the demi-cup bra and then buttoning up her coat over them. 
The thought of her torn dress and her exposed underwear under the prim coat made him want to tear it open and ravish her all over again. He was amazed that his body was giving him the go ahead despite having ejaculated only moments before. She was capable of making him harder than he’d ever been before. 
Once he escorted Shania back up to the penthouse, she held out her hand. “Give me the papers,” she said quietly. 
Without a word he handed them over. 
She put them down on the table and swiftly signed each page where little sticky arrows indicated. His heart leapt at her lack of hesitation. He’d truly feared that lingering feelings for her husband were the reason behind her previous refusal. She straightened and walking over to him, she handed them over. 
He took them. He wanted to reach out and haul her into his arms, but he sensed this wasn’t the time. Despite her lack of hesitation, she still looked sad. Gently, he brushed the back of his hand against her jaw.
“You didn’t fail, Shania,” he said quietly.
She nodded absently and turned away from him. “I’m going to shower.”
“I need to check on the casino and make a few calls down in my office,” he said, striding to the elevator and pushing the button. “I’ll probably be a few hours.”
“Alright,” she said softly.
Before she could leave the room, he called her name. She stopped and looked over her shoulder at him, golden eyes wide. He flashed her a smouldering look. “Make sure it’s my shower you use and my bed you sleep in tonight.”
CHAPTER TWELVE
Khalid watched Shania, obsessed with the way her body moved smoothly through the warm water of the pool. She hadn’t noticed him when he came searching for her and stopped in surprise and awe upon discovering the woman that owned his every thought swimming naked in his pool. 
At first he had been angry and nearly demanded she get out and explain to him why she would swim nude when Ash could potentially walk in and see her. Then he remembered that she had been there for his conversation with Ash when he’d asked the other man to cover a high stakes table for the evening while he attended to business. He was relieved that she wasn’t being careless, but also a bit disappointed. She knew he was unlikely to be home, so wasn’t putting on a show for him either. No, she was simply enjoying the naughty, luxurious feel of the water caressing her lovely skin.
Khalid hungrily traced each wet line of her body under the moonlight as she moved. His cock leapt to life and demanded he interrupt her swim with another, more satisfying activity. 
He didn’t move though. Instead, he stood watching and thinking over the past week since the evening she had signed the divorce papers. He had thought they could move on together, become a couple maybe. As much as he was capable of that anyway. Instead, he’d watched as she drifted away from him. Becoming remote and depressed. Except when they went to bed together. 
When they had sex, she was willing and enthusiastic. But, except for those few moments, she was silent around him. She spoke when he talked to her, but that was all she would give him. The essential beauty of her passion for life had disappeared so far as he was concerned.
He hated it. 
He pretended it was about the divorce and that giving her time to accept it was the solution. He knew better. She wanted freedom, and her joy in life was dimmed without it. 
He sensed the moment she caught sight of him. She became still in the dark, treading water in the middle of the pool and watching him intently with dark, mysterious eyes. She probably wondered why he wasn’t stripping his clothes off and diving in with her.
Khalid held her gaze for several seconds, his heart pounding against his chest. He wanted to rub the ache away, but knew he couldn’t. 
“Okay, Shania,” he said quietly, “you can go back to work.”
Her jaw dropped and her eyes widened. It took her a few seconds to comprehend what he’d said but the moment she did, a happy grin widened her lips. She swam toward him and reached for the side of the pool. In one smooth movement, Khalid reached down, grasped her under her arms and lifted her dripping from the pool.
She stumbled against him, soaking his jeans and buttoned dress shirt. Neither cared. 
“Thank you!” she said breathlessly, flinging her arms around him. “Thank you so much Khalid!” 
Her lush, wet body felt like heaven against his harder one. Unable to resist her, he picked her up by the waist and wrapped her long legs around his hips. She clung to him, twining her arms around his neck and dropping her head into the curve of his neck and licking his skin.
“Fuck!” he growled holding her tightly. 
In three long strides, he was at the expensive deck couch – more of a bed with its plush cushions and sturdy wicker base. He dropped her onto it, her wet, dark hair and skin contrasting with the light material. She tried to reach for him, but he captured her hands and flipped her over onto her stomach. 
“Khalid!” she gasped, helpless against the demanding hands that swept every inch of her body. She squirmed and clutched at the cushion, hanging on tight for whatever sinful pleasure he had in store for her. 
 Khalid dropped to his knees and, hooking his arms around her legs, dragged her backwards to the edge of the couch. He pushed her knees wide apart and wedged himself in between her gorgeous rounded thighs. She shrieked at the first scalding touch of his tongue against her pussy. 
He held her down with a heavy hand against the small of her back and ate her out with long, ferocious strokes of his tongue. He wasn’t gentle or patient. Unbearable pressure built up as he attacked her clit. Her first orgasm hit her fast and hard. She clawed at the cushions, trying to escape his relentless assault, but he held her fast and quickly forced her into two more screaming orgasms, one right after the other. 
Finally, he slowed his licks as she drifted back to earth. Her boneless limbs spread in front of him like a pagan offering. He had her exactly where he wanted her. Sated, unable to resist him and his invasion of every part of her body. He gradually extended the licks of his tongue from her pussy to the tiny, puckered hole above. 
Shania stiffened. “Khalid…” she gasped, trying to twist around. Still weak from her series of intense orgasms, she was no match for him. He held her tightly where he wanted her and boldly licked her most intimate, sensitive place.
“Ohhh….!” she moaned loudly at the sensation. He stabbed his tongue inside and pushed two long fingers into her wet pussy.
“That’s right baby,” he soothed when he felt her start to relax. He replaced his tongue with dripping fingers and massaged her anus while she gasped and moaned under him. “You can take it.”
He nipped the tight, round globe of her ass and pressed a finger inside her tight hole. She stiffened, but didn’t deny him access. He swept her body with long strokes of one big hand while he pressed both fingers into her anal passage. She mewled and clawed at the cushions and pressed back against his fingers, taking them deeper into her body.
“Fuck, princess!” he snarled against her ass cheek. “You’re so goddamn beautiful.”
He continued to thrust his fingers in and out of her body, loosening her up for further invasion. He nipped his way from her ass down to her pussy and stroked it with a long leisurely pace as she gradually got used to his ministrations. When she was writhing under him, begging for the explosive orgasm hovering on her horizon, he decided she was ready for him. 
Removing his fingers from her body he stood to take off his clothes. Naked, his dick stood out proudly from his body, begging for him to take the woman sprawled in erotic supplication below him. Placing a knee against the couch next to her hip, Khalid spread her ass cheeks and pressed his penis against her asshole. He gripped himself and dragged his cock down to her dripping slit. 
Sliding himself through her cream, he gathered it onto himself and then slid back up to her ass while she panted and moaned.
“Please, Khalid. Please, I need you now!” she cried out, wiggling her hips against him.
He realigned himself and began slowly pressing forward. “This is going to sting, baby,” he grunted above her as her ass began to stretch around him. She shrieked and pressed her hips down to relieve the pressure. “You can take me princess, just relax.”
She stretched and took more of him. He knew she was uncomfortable, her ass burning against the intrusion. Holding her hips steady he continued to press relentlessly forward, loving the way her brown ass looked taking his lighter-coloured cock inch by inch. With a growl, he pushed forward until he was all the way in. She screamed out, pain and pleasure blurring in her overwhelmed body. 
“Fuck, Shania!” he snarled, looking down at her. 
Primal satisfaction surged through him at the knowledge that he’d now taken all of her. She belonged to him in every way. Her body convulsed around him, squeezing his cock in her unbearably tight body.
He began to move, sliding out of her and then back in. She gasped and squirmed against the intrusion, but she had no choice but to take him as he pumped into her over and over. Khalid tried to keep his rhythm slow and easy, but the tight feel of her was too much. His hips moved faster, rougher, of their own volition. 
He reached under her and plunged three fingers into her empty pussy, curving them inside her. She shrieked and sobbed at the fullness of her passages, but writhed in ecstasy. The tension in her body told him she was close to her orgasm.  
“Come for me, baby!” he snarled.
She obeyed him, throwing her head back in a scream as wave after wave of intense pleasure crashed over her. It was too much for him. With three more strokes he flooded her ass with semen, growling her name as he came deep within her. 
Shania quieted underneath him with small whimpers of overwhelmed pleasure. Khalid pulled out of her, trailing white semen across her round ass cheek. Again, a surge of primal possession took him. He reached down and gathered her in his arms. He lifted her and then resettled them both on the couch so her naked body was lying across his.
He kissed her temple and whispered, “Are you okay? Did I hurt you?”
She paused, as though taking stock of her body, and finally shook her head, tucking it under his chin and refusing to meet his eyes. He realized she was feeling shy about what they did and needed reassurance. 
“You were amazing, princess. Your body was built for me, for this.” He reached down and gently stroked her ass. “You make me feel things I’ve never felt before.”
He felt her smile against his skin, her body gradually relaxing against him in boneless submission. Her breaths grew even. He loved that about her. She was never interested in pillow talk. She fucked and then immediately fell asleep, sated, trusting him to keep her safe.
Heart racing, Khalid pulled her tighter against his side and whispered, “I love you my beautiful princess.”
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Shania grinned at the sight of big, tough Ash ladling soup into a bowl for an elderly woman and then leading her to a table. He pulled the chair out for her and made sure she was comfortable before stalking back to his station on the lunch line. 
His presence as a “volunteer” had at first raised a few brows among the staff at the shelter, but they quickly accepted that having Shania back meant accepting the hulking presence of her constant shadow. What was surprising was how easily and without complaint the big man had thrown himself into the work. He’d quickly proved himself very useful and willing to help.
Approaching him, Shania said quietly, “Thank you for taking good care of Evelyn. She finds it hard to get down here with her reduced mobility. It’s nice for her to be able to take a warm meal once in a while and chat with some of the residents. I don’t think she gets the proper nutrition on her own at home.”
Ash grunted in acknowledgment and asked, “Why can’t she get down here very often?”
“She can’t drive anymore, public transit is too hard on her and the seniors bus is too costly for her to use with any amount of frequency. She’s pretty much house bound and she can’t see well enough to be able to cook for herself with any amount of confidence.” Shania watched the elderly woman having an animated conversation with a couple of people that sat at her table. 
Ash looked disturbed. “That’s not right.”
Shania looked at him questioningly and then placed a hand on his arm. “Sometimes the world isn’t a just place. At least now you can see why my work was so important to me. I just wish Khalid could too.”
Ash covered her hand with his massive, scarred one. “He sees it in your face. I’ve never seen the boss so happy since you started smiling at him.”
Shania smiled shyly and glowed inside. She loved hearing that Khalid was happy with her. Despite their rocky start and her misgivings about him, they were forging a relationship together. One that was more solid than any other she’d known. She never doubted his affection for her, never doubted herself. He gave her that gift.
“I’ll be right back. I need to grab some more of the beef barley and thaw some biscuits for tomorrow,” she said to Ash, stepping back.   
“I’ll come with you.”
She laughed and patted his arm before turning away. “Down boy! I think I can make it to the storage room and back without my constant shadow.”
He looked somewhat unconvinced, but finally nodded his head. Even the boss had told him to ease up while watching her. Shania was no longer confined to the casino. She could go anywhere she wanted so long as Khalid knew where she was going and she took Ash for protection. It wasn’t his job to watch her every move anymore. 
The storage room was down the back hall, near the back door. Taking a set of keys off her belt Shania reached for the knob only to realize the door was already ajar. She frowned in annoyance. The shelter had strict rules about securing the staff and storage rooms so they wouldn’t be vandalized. 
She pushed open the heavy door and entered the dimly lit room. 
“Hello, wife.”
A heavy hand came down over her mouth before Shania could let out a surprised scream. Aiden held her tightly with one arm across her chest and face and the other around her waist. She gagged against his hand, the smell of booze and cigarettes assailing her senses. A flash of wonder that she had ever agreed to marry such a miserable specimen of man, when there were men like Khalid in the world, crossed her mind as he hauled her backwards out the door. 
Shania struggled desperately against him, his fingers digging cruelly into her skin. He loosened his hold for a split second. Shania was about to take advantage when she felt the cold press of a gun barrel against the small of her back. She went rigid against him.
“That’s my girl,” he breathed against her ear, his breath feathering across her cheek. “You’re coming with me.”
Frightened, she nodded and allowed him to take her out through the back of the shelter and shove her into a car she didn’t recognize. It was a rusted shell that looked like it was on its last legs. No doubt he had won it during a poker game. 
During the short drive to their old apartment, he kept the gun levelled on her. His interested eyes devoured every feature of her outfit, noting the quality of the denim jeans and sweater she wore. “Not doing too bad for yourself, are you girl?”
Shania shuddered as he ran the tip of the gun down her arm and nudged her thigh. “I bet he treats you real good, doesn’t he baby?”
Disgusted, Shania realized he was proud of her ability to get the notice of a man like Khalid, a man that held such power over others. “You sold me to him, Aiden, how was he supposed to treat me?”
“Don’t get me wrong, girl,” he said quickly. “It’s good that he likes you so much. This is real good for us.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” she said, pressing back against the seat to avoid the glide of his gun over her body. 
He jerked the car to a stop out front of the rundown exterior of their old apartment building. As far as she knew, the old apartment they’d shared didn’t belong to them anymore, so she didn’t understand why he would bring her there. He pulled her across the interior of the car by the arm and dragged her out the driver’s side door, uncaring of the bruises she incurred along the way. 
He kicked the door shut and cheerfully escorted her up to the apartment. 
Shania wrinkled her nose in disgust as she entered the living room. All of the furniture was gone, because she had sold it to pay off Aiden’s debt. In its place was a blanket and pillow surrounded by booze bottles, ashtrays and trash. Aiden released her arm. “Welcome home, Shania.”
She stared at him. “Why have you brought me here?”
“I wanted to see you, baby. I missed you,” he said. “And I know you missed me too. I’m sorry about what happened. I figure we can spend a little time together, get reacquainted and then talk about the casino.”
Shania shook her head. “That makes no sense, Aiden. Didn’t you get the divorce papers?”
Aiden shrugged as though it didn’t matter. “Yeah, that rich bastard had his lawyer track me down. I don’t blame you though, Shania. I know you didn’t have a choice. A guy like that would want to keep his toys to himself.”
Shania hated the way he talked about her relationship with Khalid. “He didn’t force me to sign those papers, Aiden. I can’t stay married to you.”
He nodded. “Of course not baby, I got that. You got to go along with what he says so he plays nicely with you. I’m so proud of the way you have him wrapped around your finger. You played him better than I ever could have imagined.”
Shania gasped. “Don’t say that!”
He approached her quickly as though to soothe her. “It’s okay, baby. I didn’t mean to upset you. I know you’re sensitive.”
He ran his hands over her long hair, down her back and up her arms. She shuddered in disgust, but he misread her. “I missed you too, baby.” He leaned forward, nearly the same height as her and crushed her lips in a kiss meant to stoke her passion. 
Shania felt nothing and, if it weren’t for the gun pressed against her back, she would’ve shoved him away. Instead, she turned her head to the side and gasped for air. “Aiden… Aiden, please, I just need a minute.”
She was amazed at how delusional her ex-husband had become. He somehow imagined she would want to kiss him, make love to him, after he virtually sold her into sexual slavery. He also somehow had convinced himself that she was there willingly, despite holding a gun on her. 
“It’s fine,” he said, leaning his forehead against her cheek. “Take all the time you need, we got hours yet baby girl before we need to get you back to him.”
She despised the nickname he called her. 
She gently extricated herself from his hold. “You wanted to talk about the casino Aiden?” 
He nodded vigorously. “Yeah, let’s talk about the casino. The sooner we set my plan in motion, the sooner we can be together.”
“Plan?” she asked.
He pushed a hand through his disheveled, sweat-soaked hair and looked at her with shining eyes. She suddenly realized that he must be high on something. He had never taken drugs that she knew of when they were together, but he was clearly high now. His movements were jerky, he wasn’t making much sense and he was moving around with relative ease despite sustaining serious injuries only a few weeks prior.  
She edged away from him and tried to take a few steps toward the door. He didn’t seem to notice. 
“The plan for you to keep fucking Khalid and making the bastard happy while I pawn the gifts he gives you and use the cash to set us up for a new life together,” he said earnestly, looking to her for approval.
Shania gaped at him in astonishment. That was the stupidest plan she had ever heard. Even if her conscience let her scam Khalid in any way, she was pretty sure this was a plan that would get them both killed if she even considered agreeing to it. 
Aiden took her silence as approval and continued talking in fast, jerky sentences. “We’ll meet at the shelter whenever you work and you can hand over whatever you got your hands on. Maybe not all the jewelry, because he might notice, but the most expensive pieces. And I bet he keeps cash in his desk, you can check there too. Even if he noticed it missing, he’s so far gone for you he wouldn’t care. Just tell him you needed to buy something.”
Shania let him talk nonsense in the hopes that his distraction would allow her to reach the door without notice. She was about halfway across the room when the door flew open and Khalid and Ash stepped into the room. Shania stood in between Khalid and Aiden. 
Ash tried to shove Khalid back behind him, but he brushed the bodyguard off and stepped forward.
“Stop!” Aiden shouted, swinging the gun up and training it on Khalid.
“Khalid!” Shania gasped, searching his face with terrified eyes.
Khalid looked her over with eyes made dark by fury. “You okay, princess?”
She nodded and swallowed against a suddenly dry throat. “I’m so sorry!”
“You have nothing to be sorry for, love. I’m sorry I wasn’t there to protect you. It won’t happen again,” he said. “From now on, I go everywhere with you. Even to work.”
Aiden watched their exchange with growing realization. Shania had never been able to hide her feelings from anyone and now she stood in their old apartment staring with undisguised love at the man that had broken Aiden. Khalid was watching her like a lion watching his mate. With sudden clarity, Aiden knew he wasn’t going to leave the room alive. He would die for the crime of touching Khalid’s woman.
“She’s mine!” he bellowed into the silent room. “You took her from me!”
Khalid sneered in disgust. “You sold her to me, vermin. She is not yours. She never really was.”
Shania gasped as Aiden’s hand shook in anger, the gun barrel jumping. She looked at Khalid, then looked at Aiden and then calmly stepped in between the two. 
“Shania!” Khalid snarled her name, anger and terror warring in her voice. She had never heard him so upset with her, even when she had run from the casino to escape him. “Get the fuck out of the way, Shania. Now.”
She looked desperately at him and shook her head. “No, I won’t let him shoot you.”
Khalid moved forward to shove her out of the way, but Aiden screamed, “Stop moving before I fucking shoot you all!”
Khalid stopped moving and looked at Aiden over the top of Shania’s head. “You don’t want to do that.”
“Yes I do!” Aiden whined. “You took her from me, she was all I had and now she doesn’t even want me.”
“Shania, honey, look at me,” Khalid said, sensing in Aiden a broken man reaching the end of his tether. He was about to break completely and try to take them all down with him. 
“Khalid,” she whispered, saying his name as though it was a prayer. She was turning toward him, away from Aiden, when the gun went off. 
A split second later another gunshot echoed in the room. 
“Shania!” Khalid bellowed as her body jerked and would have fallen to the floor if he hadn’t leapt forward to catch her. 
Aiden crumpled to his knees and then forward onto the dirty floor, dead before he even fell. Ash stood to the side where he had edged during the drama, a gun trained on the body.
Khalid kneeled on the ground with Shania cradled in his arms. She stared up at him with wide, pained eyes. 
“Thank god!” he mumbled, his fingers touching the spot on her arm where blood was slowly seeping. From what he could tell, it had pierced the fleshy part of her bicep. 
Her eyes filled with tears and she reached up to touch his jaw. “I couldn’t let him kill you. I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have left Ash. This is my fault.”
He shook his head. “It’s not your fault princess, Aiden was a sick man. Selling you was his first step toward a psychotic break. If you had stayed, he would’ve dragged you down with him.”
Tears spilled down her cheeks as she nodded. “He’s dead, isn’t he?”
Khalid captured the tears with his thumb. “Yes.”
She nodded, hating that he was dead, but understanding why. He had threatened their lives, it was them or him, and Khalid would never allow a threat to her to survive. 
“Can we go home?” she asked quietly.
“Always,” he replied. He lifted her in his arms and strode out the door, away from the body of her ex-husband. 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
“Where’s Ash?” Khalid demanded, approaching his wife of three months with a fierce frown.
Shania turned to him, her arms laden with boxes. Khalid reached out and plucked them from her. Dropping them onto the couch, he pulled her into his arms and nuzzled his favourite spot between her neck and shoulder. She always smelled so fresh and sweet. He licked the spot, enjoying the feel of her pulse speeding up against his tongue.
“I sent him on an errand to the shelter. Now that you’ve made me cut my hours back, he and I worry about Evelyn getting enough of her meals at the shelter. He’s going to pick her up and take her himself this afternoon and then drive her home afterward.” She tilted her head to the side, giving him better access. “Now, can we talk about the absurd amount of gifts you’ve sent up? I mean, seriously? I thought you had an empire to run, how do you find the time to buy out all the baby boutiques in town?”
Shania wished she was exaggerating, but the staggering amount of baby supplies he had bought since finding out about her pregnancy a few months ago was enough to make even the most cavalier spendthrift take pause. He had been so happy at her news that he had immediately proposed and then dragged her out to buy the biggest ring he could find for her. Then he had mega baby-proofed their condo, set about selling some of his less savoury business interests and proceeded to attempt to wrap Shania in bubble wrap.
Time had given her a better understanding of Khalid’s background. He had lost his family at a young age and spent years clawing his way out of gutters and building a life for himself. He didn’t know how to love her without smothering her. He feared she would leave him, something terrible would happen to her or she would disappear into thin air. 
Patiently loving him had convinced him that she wasn’t going to leave him. Slowly, he had allowed his control to slip and for her to take a place next to him as his partner. 
Khalid reached down and picked her up gently in his arms. Despite her extra baby weight, he easily carried her into the bedroom and placed her gently on the bed. She watched with shining eyes while he rapidly stripped off his clothes.
“I love you,” she said, reaching up to touch his bearded jaw. Her fingertip lingered on the tiny scar at the corner of his eye.
He growled and dropped down on top of her. Taking her wrists in his hands, he pulled them over her head and, holding them there with one hand, began pulling off her clothes with the other. “It’s this body you love and what it does for you, admit it insatiable woman!” he demanded with a growl, peppering kisses down her throat and her now exposed cleavage. 
He loved how her generous breasts had grown to impossible proportions and took every opportunity he could to cradle and squeeze them.
She giggled. “I admit it! I love that sexy body! Now take me, husband!”
Not having to be asked twice, Khalid finished stripping her clothes. He worshipped her breasts and now rounded belly with lips and tongue. He trailed the dark line running from her belly button down to her wet pussy with his tongue. She squirmed and opened her legs wider for him, knowing he wouldn’t rest until he had wrung at least three orgasms out of her with his wicked mouth before possessing her with his cock.
As she was coming down from her fourth orgasm, her body soft and sweet, he growled into her thigh, “I fucking love you woman,” before covering her body possessively with his and thrusting into her. She clung to him, crying out as he found that exquisite balance between making sure he wasn’t hurting her and ensuring her pleasure. They rode their orgasm together and drifted back down, wrapped tightly in each other’s arms.

THE END 
Other books by Nikita Slater
If you enjoyed this book, check out some other work by Nikita. More titles are always in progress, so check back often to see what's new!
Fire & Vice Series
Book One – Prisoner of Fortune
Book Two – Fight or Flight
Book Three – (Coming soon!)

Bound to the Devil
Part One – Runaway Wife
Part Two – Penny’s Descent
Part Three – (Coming soon!) 
