



Protection
The Detective Series
Book 2


By: Tracy Nolker



Published by Tracy Nolker at Smashwords



Copyright 2013 Tracy Nolker



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author



This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or any places, events, or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are products of the author's imagination and used fictitiously. 
Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
About The Author
Broken: Chapter One
Chapter One

“Hey, Kyra,” the brunette waitress called to her while she was making drinks for someone. It had been forever, but lunch hour rush was finally over.
“What’s up, Mick?” Kyra walked up to the girl.
She nodded her head to a table in the restaurant, “Just got you a table.”
Kyra looked up, seeing the back of a man with a baseball cap on, and a sandy blonde haired man setting across from him. The blonde was good looking.
“They’re hotties too,” Micky smiled.
“You and my brother, I swear,” Kyra picked up her ordering pad.
“What? We just want to see you happy.”
She looked at the other woman for a second, smiling, “I am happy.” 
“It’s called a social life and you need one.”
She turned away from the female, walking over to the men at the table. “Good afternoon, gentlemen. May I start you out with something to drink?”
“Do you have some rum?” The blonde asked.
Kyra looked at him and smiled, “Sorry, fresh out, but we have plenty of soda.”
The one with the cap on continued to look at the menu on the table in front of him, “I’ll take a Pepsi, and he’ll have a Dr. Pepper.”
“I’ll be right back with those,” Kyra turned away, feeling one of them watching her as she walked back up to the counter, sliding the pad into her back pocket. 
“Well?” Micky laughed as Kyra walked by her to make the drinks.
“Why don’t you take over and go flirt with them? I get off in an hour anyway.” Kyra couldn’t help but laugh at her friend.
“I’ll let you have the fun this time, I got the last ones.”
Kyra laughed as she finished the drinks. She went back around the counter, and over to the cute blonde. He had pretty blue eyes that seemed to constantly laugh. She liked it. Too often, customers were rude, and had no personality when you spoke to them. “Here you go,” she sat the drinks in front of them. “Are you ready to order or do you need some more time?”
She couldn’t help but look at the one with the cap. She hadn't seen him look away from the menu. Both the men were extremely tall, you could tell by the way they were setting, and she couldn’t recall seeing them in here before.
“I think we’re ready,” the blonde answered.
Kyra pulled back out her pad.
“How do you say your name?” He asked looking at her nametag, a big smile on his face.
“The ‘Y’ sounds like an ‘I’… Kyra.”
“That’s a pretty name, suits you well.”
“Thank you,” she smiled back.
“We have an extra chair if you’d like to join us,” he motioned to the chair on the other side of the table from her. She would be sitting between the two of them.
“Tom,” the one with the cap’s voice was low and deep. It went perfect with his size. He was dressed different from his friend. She knew it was warm out, so the blonde’s T-shirt and blue jeans was common to see. But the cap was wearing the shirt and jeans, with a long sleeve shirt over the top, the sleeves rolled almost to his elbows. “Stop flirting, she’s trying to work.”
“I’m just trying to be polite,” the blonde, Tom, answered.
“He’s fine,” Kyra mumbled. 
The one with the cap looked up at her, his brown eyes seemed to instantly pierce through her soul and her heart fluttered for a moment. She felt her hand shake, and forced herself to look away. She shook off the feeling he gave her, trying to keep the smile on her face.
“What can I get for you?” Her voice didn’t sound as cheerful.
“I’ll take the double bacon with everything on it and some fries.”
She avoided looking into his eyes again, “Do you want lettuce, tomato, and all?”
“The whole nine yards.”
“Got it,” she looked back into his eyes, and her heart skip again.
“How ‘bout you sit down and tell me the specials?” Tom asked from her other side.
Both of them looked at him, but brown eyes spoke, “You already know what you want; it’d be mean to make her say it all and not even order it.”
“Man, you need to loosen up,” Tom shook his head.
She felt the eyes back on her again, and she looked over, accidentally meeting them once more. The man was extremely handsome, but the feeling she got threw her for a loop. Then he spoke again, “He’ll take the same thing.”
“No lettuce or tomatoes though,” Tom smiled.
She broke the eye contact, writing on her pad, “It’ll be right out.” Kyra turned, hurrying away from them. She went around the counter, hanging up the order and spinning it to the back for the cooks.
She turned around, looking back at the table at the back of the cap. The men were talking about something, and there was still a huge smile on Tom’s face. He looked up at her and winked. She forced herself to look away again.
The diner was pretty much empty now, though a half hour ago it had been full. She couldn’t wait for her time to be up and her brother to come and get her. Even though she knew, she would probably be setting in here waiting for at least another hour. Kyra didn’t mind, it was better than walking, daylight or not.
She heard the bell ding, turning to see the men’s order was ready. She looked back at them, noticing their drinks were almost gone too. She quickly fixed them each another glass, placing the glasses on the tray with the plates.
She had done this so many times; it was easy to balance the large tray on one hand. She went back to the table, “Fresh drinks.” She handed them the glasses. “Then we have veggies,” she sat the plate in front of the cap, “and no veggies.” That plate went in front of Tom. “If ya’ll need anything else just holler.” She picked up the empty glasses.
The brown eyes found her again, “Thank you, ma’am.”
She smiled, ignoring her heart, “It’s just Kyra.”
“Thank you, Kyra.”
“You’re welcome,” She forced herself to walk away.
“Time’s almost up,” Micky commented when she came back up with the tray. Kyra looked up at the clock. She only had a couple more minutes. The hour had flown by while her mind was spinning from brown eyes. She took off her work jacket, which was actually a shirt. 
“It’s all yours, Micky. I need a breather anyway.” She went towards the door.
“Are you alright, Kyra?” Micky’s voice was full of concern.
“Fine, just need some fresh air.” She went out, seating herself on the bench in front of the windows. She closed her eyes, but all she saw was those brown ones looking back at her. She opened them, looking at the cars in the lot. Her eyes fell onto a red GTO parked on the other side of the lot. She knew it had to be a 1972 by the headlights. She had always loved those cars.
She wondered who inside the car belonged too. It probably belonged to one of those men at her table. She wasn’t about to go and ask like she would any other time. No customer had ever gotten to her like that before… especially not by just looking at her. 
No man had ever done that period.
They would flirt. They all did it in their own ways. She was a waitress, and she was guilty of flirting back to a degree, but she was always careful. The way her life had gone, she had to be careful. It was unhealthy for her not to be.
She looked down at her watch, only thirty minutes had passed. She knew Micky was probably in there flirting away. In a way it made Kyra jealous she couldn’t do the same. For a long time she had to struggle just to smile at the opposite sex, and really mean the smile.
“Excuse me, Ma’am…, Kyra.”
She looked up and into those wonderful brown eyes looking at her from under the baseball cap. The man was very tall as he stepped over to her.
He smiled as she forced herself to smile back, “This is for you.” He put two twenties in her hand.
“You don’t have to do that,” she went to hand it back to him. “I wasn’t even your waitress for all of it.”
“You did the most. We already took care of the other one…. Thank you.” He turned and started to walk away, following his friend. Then he stopped and looked back at her, their eyes meeting once again, “Do you need a lift somewhere?”
She shook her head, “Thanks, but I have a ride coming.”
She watched as he turned back, going over to the GTO. Brown eyes opened the driver’s side, his eyes meeting hers for a moment. She could see a hint of a smile, then he got into the car and they left.
Of course, the car would have to be his. She looked down at the forty dollars in her hand. She usually made almost a hundred in tips a day, but she had never made that much in one tip alone. She wondered how much they gave Micky.
What did they do for a living to be able to tip a waitress like that, especially for mediocre food from here?
Kyra looked up, seeing her brother’s Bandit edition Trans Am pulling into the lot. She stood, stuffing the money into her pocket, and got into the car.
“Long day?” Nicky looked over at her with green eyes that matched hers, as they headed back down the road. “You’re usually not outside.”
“We were pretty busy.”
“That’s good for Kathy though.”
“I’m sure she’ll enjoy it.” Kyra looked out the window.
“What’s wrong, Kyra?”
“Nothing,” she looked at him, forcing a smile, “just tired.”
“Alright, then we can talk.” He looked at the windshield. “You know I’m a supervisor right?”
“Don’t start on the driving thing again, Nicky.”
“But you really should start driving the car, Ky,” Nicky glanced over at her. “What if I have to stay at work late or go in early?”
“If it’s late, I wait, just like today,” she smiled at him. “If it’s early I’ll drive.”
“I don’t like you setting down there waiting. You need to drive yourself. What if something happens to me?”
“Nothing’s going to happen to you, Nicky.” She looked over at her brother.
He smiled, “I just don’t want you to ever feel stuck, Sister.”
“I don’t feel stuck,” she looked out the window as he pulled the car into the driveway in front of the garage. She was glad to be at home, and she had tomorrow off. They both got out of the car, and Kyra walked around as he waited for her.
“So what’s for dinner?” Nicky asked as they walked to the porch.
“Is that all you think about?” She smiled up at him.
“I can’t help it.” He smiled as he stepped up onto the porch. “What’s this?” He pulled the note off the door, reading it. “Anita says she needs to talk to you.”
“She can wait,” Kyra stepped onto the porch, but he stopped her.
“She’s never left a note before. Maybe it’s important.”
“She would call,” She looked up into the green eyes.
“At least go see if it can wait, Ky, be a good neighbor,” he smiled.
“Fine,” she rolled her eyes as she walked back off the porch. She went across the yard.
“You’re my favorite sister,” Nicky called after her.
She turned to look at him from the center of the street, laughing, “I’m your only sister.” She turned back around, entering her neighbor’s yard and started up the steps of the porch to the door.
The sound of loud exhaust of a car coming down the road made Kyra turn and look. The smile faded from her face as she watched guns appear out of the windows of the red sedan. She stepped back down the couple of concrete steps she had just gone up. The car slowed as it neared her home. 
She looked across the street, and her eyes met with her brother’s matching green ones. “Nicky!”
Gunfire rang through the air as she started to run. A large heavy arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her to the ground. The blow to her body took away her breath for a moment, and the large body shielded her small one.
“Nicky!” She screamed again as she covered her ears, tears filling her eyes.
The shooting ended and the car sped away. She struggled to get out from under the arm as she looked at her home now covered with bullet holes.
“Let me go!” She pushed on the person, and the arm finally freeing her. She scrambled to her feet, running across the street and through her yard.
She stopped when she reached the steps of her porch, hearing glass crunching as she stepped up, “Nicky?” 
She looked at the large bay window to her left, tears fell down her cheeks when she saw her older brother lying on his back between the window and the railing. She went to him, noticing the red spot in his gray shirt, under his hand laying on his stomach, and the growing redness coming from under him.
She bent down beside him, carefully brushing the glass from his clothing, “Oh, Nicky.” Slowly, she lifted his hand, but there was too much blood to tell how bad it was. The feeling in her gut told her she was going to lose him. Sirens filled the air as she gently brushed the dark curly hair from his eyes.
“Ky,” her name was barely more than a whisper as it escaped from his lips.
She looked down at the slightly opened green eyes. “It’s ok, Nicky. It’s not so bad.”
Looking at the older man was like looking at the male version of her, only now his usual bright green eyes were dull and glazed over. “Don’t lie to me, Ky.” His voice was ragged and shaky. He was struggling to get the words out. “I know how bad it is. Promise me….”
His voice faded away, making her breath catch in her throat, “Nicky?” She placed her hand on his chest. She let the breath go when she felt the shallow rise and then the quick fall.
“You’ll be careful.”
Fresh tears ran down her cheeks. She knew he was dying. “You know I will.”
“I wish,” he took a shallow breath as he tried to smile at her, slowly reaching up and touching her face, wiping her tears away. “It doesn’t hurt so bad.”
“I love you,” she whispered as she touched his hand. His eyes closed, and under her other hand she felt her strong brother release his last breath. She leaned down; kissing his warm cheek, then laid her head on his muscular chest. “Save a place for me,” She whispered. 
She kept waiting to feel him take a breath, but it never came. She was alone now. Her protective big brother was gone to be with the rest of her family. She closed her eyes as she cried, her small body shaking with the sobs. She laid there for what seemed like hours, crying. She wanted to hit him, make him come back to her. She didn’t want to go on without him.
“Nicky,” she whispered.
“I’m sorry,” The deep voice caught her by surprise, making her instantly sit up. She looked up at the tall man, looking directly into the deep brown eyes from the restaurant. She remembered being pulled to the ground, and having the breath knocked out of her by the large arm. He must have been the one who did it.
She couldn’t find her voice as he leaned down, holding out his hand to help her up. She slowly placed her hand into his and he pulled her to her feet, but her knees gave out. The man caught her, sweeping her up into his arms in one swift movement, a low groan coming from his chest. 
He carried her off the porch, through the yard, and past all the people. He went to the ambulance, sitting her gently down in the back of it. A shiver went through her body when the warmth of him left her, and she felt him place his shirt over her shoulders. A clean, musky smell filled her nose.
“Just need to check you out,” the female EMT began to take her pulse. 
She looked over at the man as he stood in front her. He was extremely handsome with his dark tan. His dark brown eyes looked at her from under his ball cap, dark brown hair peeking out in the back of his head. She wiped her tears away, as her head took back over her emotions. Why was he here now? Had he followed her home? Was his friend here too?
No….
This man was a cop. If he weren't then he wouldn’t have stuck around any longer than he had too. He wouldn’t have come up on the porch for her. Her gut told her it was true, and she had learned a long time ago to trust the natural instinct. Usually, it was right.
He wasn’t in uniform though, so it was either his day off or he was a detective or investigator. It had to be coincidence he came into the restaurant today.
She looked across the road at her friend’s peach house.
“Everyone over there’s ok.” His deep voice forced her attention once again.
She looked at him with eyes that burned from crying, forcing herself to be strong. “You went over there?”
No emotion showed on the stranger’s face, but then she hadn’t expected to find any. And it didn’t surprise her when he didn’t answer.
“That’s part of the job right?” She noticed blood on the sleeve of the man’s t-shirt.
“Am I that obvious?” There was no surprise in his tone, only a slight tilt of his thin lips as he watched her. He leaned back on the vehicle behind him, his hands going into his pockets.
“I guess I have a knack for picking ya’ll out,” her mind floated back to the porch and her brother, and she looked down at her hands. Fresh tears stung her eyes before overflowing onto her cheeks. If this man hadn’t been there, would she be dead too? Even though she would have given her life for her brother’s, she knew Nicky would have wanted it to happen the way it did. Now, she supposed, she owed this man her life.
“Apparently, you don’t think too much of the people in that line of work.”
She tried to control her tears, “It’s been a long time since I’ve been given a reason too.” She took a deep breath and looked back at the handsome man, “I guess I need to thank you.”
“For what?”
She looked away again, towards the street, but she could feel his eyes watching her, “Saving my life.”
“I…. You’re welcome.” He never stopped looking at her. “Has it been that bad?”
She looked back at the cop again, reminding herself she had to keep her head clear. “Does it really matter?” It didn’t matter, nothing mattered anymore, and she knew what was coming next.
“I guess not.” 
“She’s good,” the lady moved away as the man nodded at her.
She took another deep breath. “I don’t have a choice but to go with you now…. Answer all your questions about who would want to do this to my family, even though I don’t have any answers.” She slowly stood up, hoping her legs would hold, and he followed. “After all, it’s standard procedure. Or at least, it used to be.”
His gaze at her didn’t falter; he wasn’t failing at what she expected. He lead her around the ambulance and over to an unmarked police car. “It still is. But in my defense, I’m not like most officers.”
“What makes you so different?” She returned as he opened the passenger door for her and she got in.
“You’ll just have to wait and see.” He shut the door, going to the other side and getting in. He started the car. “How do you know about standard procedure?”
She felt his eyes on her, but she didn’t answer him. She looked at the porch of her home where many people gathered, finding the blue eyed friend there. He would find out soon enough, so she stared out the window as they drove away from her home.
The large brick building loomed over her as the tall man escorted her through the thick glass doors and up the staircase. It never got any smaller, even though she had gotten older. The place looked the same as it had the other times she had been here. Even the glass windows with blinds leading into the private offices hadn’t changed. The file cabinets scattered everywhere along with at least a hundred desks throughout the large room, and the little redhead setting in the front of it all.
“Detective,” she greeted Kyra’s companion as they entered.
“Pam,” he nodded in return. “As soon as Tom gets back, could you send him and Cap to my office for me?” He placed his large hand gently on the small of Kyra’s back, barely touching her as he led her through the maze of desks and people to his own glass room.
The office space was as dreary as they had always been. Two chairs turned slightly towards each other sat facing the large wooden desk. Plaques hanging on the walls, papers stacked on the desk. She heard the door close behind her as she looked around.
“Have a seat,” the man invited.
She sat down in the farthest one of the soft plush brown chairs, noticing the pictures and the nameplate on his desk. The plate read ‘Detective Ben Chamberlain’. Now she at least had a name to go with the face. She looked at the pictures. One was of a smiling older couple, the man making her think of the detective in older age. The couple looked very happy. The next had two smiling sandy blonde boys in it, each sporting the brown eyes of the detective. Next to that, was a picture of her savior and a dark blonde girl with soft brown eyes. She figured it was his wife, and the boys were his children. She wondered how the woman was able to live never knowing if her husband was coming home or not.
“That’s my parents, nephews, and my sister.”
She looked up at him. He was standing behind the chair beside her. She felt relief flow over her, but she didn’t know why. “I figured it was your wife.”
“Most people do,” he seated himself beside her instead of behind the desk. That surprised Kyra. Even her father had sat behind the desk. “Can I ask you a question?”
“I’m sure you have many,” she whispered as he leaned forward, resting his arms on his knees. She saw a piece of gauze sticking out from underneath the bloodstain on the shirtsleeve. He looked at her, his brown eyes seeming to pierce her soul even though they were soft. “Ask away.”
“I remember Kyra from the diner, but what’s the rest of your name?”
She shouldn’t have been surprised over him remembering, he was a cop and it was their job. Her father always had a hell of a memory. “Baldwin.”
His eyes were full of surprise, “Baldwin? Any relation to the Captain Stephan Baldwin?”
“He’s…,” she hesitated, looking down at her hands, “was my father.”
“The man’s a legend around here. I’ve heard so many stories about him from my dad.”
She looked back at the almost smiling man, “That doesn’t surprise me.” She looked over at the picture of the older couple again. The man didn’t look familiar, but it had all been a long time ago. She was sure he had changed a lot over the years.
The detective must have felt her pain because he gently touched her leg. The touch made her eyes instantly go there, “Was that your….”
“Brother.” She finished for him, staring at his hand. She looked back at the man as he moved his hand away. “His name’s Nicolas. Mostly went by Nick. He’s twenty-seven years old and worked at the plastic factory downtown… been there for ten years. He got divorced five years ago, no children. His ex wife’s maiden name’s Tiffany Williams. We haven’t seen or heard from her since they got divorced…." She blinked at him, "Don’t you want to write this down?”
“I’ve got a good memory,” he halfway grinned. “Have you done this much?” 
“No…. Anything else?”
“You work at the diner or were you just filling in?”
“What does that matter? I wasn’t the one killed.”
“That doesn’t mean you weren’t a target too.”
True. She took a breath, “I’ve been there seven years.”
“I don’t remember seeing you before.”
“Maybe I wasn’t there when you came in. I don’t work twenty-four seven.”
“Fair enough,” he studied her. “How ‘bout a boyfriend?”
 “No, and no kids either.”
“What about the neighbors?”
“Don’t really know many.”
“How long have you lived there?”
“Eight years,” she looked back at the pictures.
“And you don’t know anyone?”
“We keep to ourselves. We knew the couple across the street. That’s pretty much it.”
“Did you visit with them a lot?”
“We talked a couple times a week. Nick and I worked a lot, so we weren’t home very much.”
“Why were you going over there today?”
“There was a note on the door saying she needed to talk to me. I went to find out what.” She looked back at him.
“What’s your neighbor’s name?”
She closed her eyes for a moment, “Anita and David Foster.”
“Where had you been before home?”
“You seen me,” she looked at him again.
“That was the only place you went?”
“Yes.”
“You were setting outside; did your brother pick you up?”
“Shortly after you left.”
“Do you drive?”
“When I have to.”
“So he usually picks you up?”
“What does this have to do with him being murdered, Detective?”
“His schedule can be helpful.”
“You want his schedule?” She raised her eyebrows as their eyes met again. “Our shifts start at six. He takes me to work, then goes to his job. The shifts usually end at two and he picks me up. We go home, have dinner, watch T.V., and go to bed.”
“Are you always so cold?”
“Are you always so arrogant?”
There was a knock at the door; Ben turned waving them into the room before he stood, grabbing paper and a pen off the desk. He started writing as he spoke, “This is my partner, Tom Wilkerson, and our Captain, John Appleton.”
The partner was the man with him at the Diner. He smiled sweetly at her, his blue eyes sparkling, as he nodded. She noticed now he was thicker in the chest than the detective, but he wasn’t as tall. 
The captain was short and a little plump, with hazel eyes and balding gray hair. He wore a dress jacket and slacks. She remembered him from when her father worked here. She had gotten to know the man quite well.
The captain smiled as she stood up, “Kyra Baldwin, I haven’t seen you for years. Where’s that protective big brother of yours?”
“Cap,” Ben interrupted, giving the older man a look.
He turned back to Kyra, taking her hands into his. “Oh, I’m so sorry, my dear. We’ll find whoever did this. I promise you. These two are one of the best teams I have.”
She wanted to thank him, but she couldn’t find her voice to do so. She reseated herself as the older man helped her and then turned back to the detectives.
“What information do we have, Ben? Any leads? I want to find whoever’s responsible for this.”
“I’ve written down some names,” Ben handed over the sheet of paper. “It’s not much, but it’s a start.” The three of them walked out of the room for a minute.
She looked away from the door and back at the pictures and everyone’s smiling faces. Her eyes stopped on the children and her eyes filled with tears. She hated being like this. She needed to be strong. No one was going to take care of her, except her.
“But you really should start driving the car, Ky,” Nicky glanced over at her as they drove home. “What if I have to stay at work late or go in early?”
“If it’s late, I wait, just like today,” she had smiled at him. “If it’s early I’ll drive.”
“I don’t like you setting down there waiting. You need to drive yourself. What if something happens to me?”
“Nothing’s going to happen to you, Nicky.” She looked over at her brother.
He smiled, “I just don’t want you to ever feel stuck, Sister.”
“I don’t feel stuck,” she looked out the window as he pulled the car into the driveway in front of the garage.
Ben was the only one who came back in. He sat back down beside her, “Do you know anyone else who might have wanted to hurt your brother or you?”
She shook her head as she wiped the fresh tears away. 
“We got a safe place for you to go.”
“I'd rather just go home,” she whispered, clearing her head.
He was quiet for a minute, “Then we’ll put a couple of officers outside. We think you might still be in danger…. Is there a way I can get a hold of you?"
“554-6989, it’s my cell.”
He picked up a card from his desk. On the back, he wrote some numbers then he handed it to her. “This is the number and my extension here. On the back's my personal numbers. If you need anything, I want you to call me.”
She nodded taking the card into her hand. She looked up at him, “I’d rather not have anyone setting outside my home.”
“But if you’re in any kind of danger-”
She held up the card he had just given her, “I’ll call you if anything’s strange to me.”
“I would rather-”
“I’d rather not. I just want to go home. I don’t want to think about anyone setting outside watching me. I doubt anyone would come back tonight anyway.”
“I’ll have them set down the street then.”
She rolled her eyes. She knew it was protocol, and she wasn’t going to win. She was lucky they were only going to be down the street, and she was being allowed to go back to the house at all. She wondered why he was even agreeing to it.
He paused for a moment before asking the dreaded question, “Do you feel up to identifying his body?”
She didn’t, but she knew she would have to do it eventually. She nodded.
“I’ll take you down there.” He stood up, holding out his large hand to the girl.
Kyra slowly put her hand into his. She stood, Ben putting his other hand onto the small of her back. He led her out of the office and through the maze of desks to an elevator. It wasn't until then he stepped back from her and she found herself missing the warmth of his hand. The elevator came to a stop, making her stomach drop. His hand returned to her back instantly to steady her.
“Are you okay?” He looked down at her, his voice soft as the doors came open.
She looked up, realizing just how tall he was with him standing so close to her, her head barely even reaching his shoulders. “Thank you,” she whispered.
He kept his hand on her back, guiding her off the elevator and over to the white sheet that she knew her brother laid beneath. Tom had already made it there.
“Ready?” The short old man in the white coat asked, looking at her.
She could feel the warmth of Ben standing behind her as she nodded. The man lifted the sheet. Nicky laid there with his eyes closed. She watched his chest, waiting for it to rise and fall as he took a breath, but it didn’t move. Her eyes filled up with tears again. 
“Is this your brother, Nicolas Scott Baldwin?” The man asked, but she could barely hear his voice.
“What if something happens to me?” Nicky’s voice rang through her head.
She closed her eyes, not able to look at her lifeless brother anymore. She turned around and right into Ben’s chest. She felt his arms come around her, pulling her to him, one hand resting on her back, the other on the back of her head.
“That’s him,” she whispered.
“We can go now,” Ben said into the top of her head.
He turned her in the opposite direction, his hand again on her back, leading her back to the elevator. Tom came along with them. 
She stood in the corner of the elevator this time, to keep balance herself. She kept feeling the brown eyes watching her, but both the men were silent.
This time the doors open to the parking garage. Ben guided her out of the elevator, Tom staying there. He led her over to his GTO, opening the passenger door for her. Then he got into the driver’s side.
He handed her a manila envelope, “That’s everything your brother had on him.”
She slowly took it from his hand with her shaking one, “Thank you.” 
He started the car, putting it in gear and pulling out. “Where can I take you to?”
“Home.”
“I don’t think it’s a good idea.”
“It’s my home. It’s where I want to be.” She looked out the window.
“So what’s for dinner?” Nicky asked as they walked to the porch.
“Is that all you think about?” She smiled up at him.
“I can’t help it.” He smiled as he stepped up onto the porch. “What’s this?” He pulled the note off the door, reading it. “Anita says she needs to talk to you.”
“She can wait,” Kyra stepped onto the porch, but he stopped her.
“She’s never left a note before. Maybe it’s important.”
“She would call,” she looked up into the green eyes.
“At least go see if it can wait, Ky, be a good neighbor.”
“Fine,” she rolled her eyes as she walked back off the porch.
They pulled up in the front of her house, and Ben spoke, “Are you sure about this? I really shouldn’t be letting you.”
She looked over at him. His eyes were soft. “I’ll just stay tonight. I need to gather some stuff before I can go somewhere else,” she looked back out the window at her house. The front porch light was on, making it where she could see hints of the bullet marks in the siding, and the yellow police tape on the porch. There were windows broken and holes in the siding, the flowers she had worked so hard on were toppled over from all the people that had been there.
She looked over at her brother’s car sitting in the driveway, glad it didn’t look like much damage had been done to it. It would need a new back window. She would have to call the shop, have them come and take it to be fixed. 
The place didn’t feel like home anymore, “I’ll be fine.” She swallowed the lump that had formed in her throat.
She reached down, opening the door when Ben’s hand landed softly on her arm. She turned to look at him. “If anything happens, or you need anything, call me.”
“I will, plus I got officers just down the road.”
He only looked at her, “Can I walk you in?”
“If you really want to,” she got out, took a deep breath, and headed for the door, Ben right behind her. She quickly opened the door, so she wouldn’t see the chalk marking on the porch where her brother had been. She flipped on the light, with Ben coming in right behind her.
The house looked pretty much like it did every time she came in it. Everything was in its place. The plant at the bottom of the stairs, the sofa lining the wall with the staircase behind it, the two chairs beside the sofa, and the coffee table in the center. By the door was the entertainment center holding the television, stereo, and all the electronic devices. Plants and pictures were sitting neatly on the top of the center, and pictures of them and their parents hung straight on the walls. From the doorway, you could see into the kitchen: the cabinets lining the wall and the edge of the four person table. She loved her little home, but it felt empty. There were only a few bullet holes and some glass on the floor by where the windows should be.
“Do you want a drink or anything?” Kyra walked the rest of the way into the house, sitting the envelope on the coffee table.
“No, thank you.” Ben stood in the doorway. “Do you mind if I check everything out?”
“Go ahead.” She went into the kitchen. This wouldn’t be too bad. It was kind of like Nicky was at work. Only he wouldn’t come home this time. She opened the fridge and pulled out a Pepsi.
“You’re my favorite sister.”
“I’m your only sister.”
“Everything looks ok,” Ben stood in the doorway, making her jump. She almost dropped her drink.
“Are you sure you don’t want anything?” She looked at him.
“I’m good…,” he looked back her. “Are you sure you’ll be ok?”
“Yah,” she looked down. “It’s kinda like he’s at work or something.”
“Do you have some place else you could go?”
“I’ll be fine, Detective,” she moved around him, going back to the living room. She seated herself on the couch.
“You can call me Ben.”
She just looked at him.
“And you can trust me,” he stepped towards her.
“I don’t do that very easy.”
“Obviously,” he looked down at the beautiful woman. 
“Did you get hurt?” She glanced at the bloodstain, wanting to change the subject.
“It’s no big deal.”
“Did it happen today?”
He studied her eyes for a moment, “Earlier…. Do you promise you’ll call?”
Her smile was crooked, “I’ll sleep with your number under my head.”
“You don’t have to do all that…. Just call me.”
“I will…. Promise,” she watched as he left her to be alone. Tears filled her eyes as she reached down, picking up the envelope. Written on the outside of it was her brother’s name. It was still so hard for her to believe he was really gone. 
She opened it, carefully dumping the items onto the tabletop. Picking up his wallet, she flipped it open. There was a twenty-dollar bill, and a bunch of pictures. Some of them were of her, or the both of them together, and a few of their parents.
Their father’s ring hooked around a chain caught her eye. She picked it up, looking at the matching one on her right ring finger. They had been her parents’ wedding bands. She had worn her mother’s since the day Nicky had given it to her, the only she’d ever worn. Her dad’s, Nicky had put on a chain, wearing it around his neck. She undid the clasp, hooking around her own neck.
“You don’t need a job, Ky.” Everything played through her head. “I make enough money to take care of all of us. Plus we have Mom and Dad’s money.”
“I don’t want to use their money; I want to do it myself.” She had been so stubborn.
“All you need to worry about is finishing school and going to college.”
“I don’t want to go to college, Nicky.”
“What about joining the force, Ky? You’ve wanted to be a cop since you were little.”
“I don’t anymore.”
“Why, because of Mom and Dad?”
“Because cops are stupid and they don’t know anything. I don’t want to be like them! I hate cops!”
Nicky was quiet for a moment as he looked at her, and his wife walked through the door. “Fine, Ky. I’ll make you a deal.”
“What?” She looked at him.
“Get your driver’s license and you can get a job.”
She smiled, jumping up and hugging her brother, “Thank you! I love you!”
“I love you, too,” he smiled down at her. “Now go do your homework.”
Loose change and his pocketknife were the only items left in the envelope. Nicky had never carried too much on him. She looked down at the open wallet; his picture from his driver’s license looked back at her. It was how she wanted to remember him, smiling and happy. Instantly the memory of that day popped into her head. She had gone with him, and had made faces at him from behind the camera. 
She closed the wallet, putting it and the knife into her purse. She picked it up, carrying it upstairs to her room.
She was ready for this day to end.
Chapter Two

A loud thump woke Kyra up. She laid still, her heart in her throat, wondering if it was just her imagination. She heard it again. Now she knew it wasn’t just in her head. Her first thought was they were here getting the car, but she hadn’t even called them yet.
Thump.
Thump.
Crash.
The last one was shattering glass. She tried to remember if she had locked the door last night after Ben left. What good would it have done? The windows were busted from the bullets.
Ben. She would call him. 
She slowly reached over to the nightstand, grabbing her cell and the card. She quickly punched in the number and pushed call.
It rang.
Crash.
She pulled her comforter over her head, blocking out the morning light, but not the noise. She was scared. There was really someone in her house.
“Chamberlain.”
Thank God, he answered! “Ben,” She was barely able to whisper.
“Kyra? Why are you whispering?”
“There’s someone in the house.”
“Ok, stay calm.” She heard his office door slam behind him. “Tom, get a hold of the guys that were supposed to be watching the Baldwin house. Kyra, where are you?”
“In my bedroom.”
“Do you have a window?” 
She could tell he was running, “Right above my bed.”
“Do me a favor. Look out the window and tell me if you see anything.” His car fired up.
She peeked out from her covers at her still closed bedroom door.
Thump. Whoever was her home was in the living room now.
Slowly, she leaned up and looked out the window. The sight she saw made her start crying. Now she was truly scared. She slid back down on the bed, whispering, "Oh, God."
“Kyra?”
“It’s the same car….”
“The red one?”
“Yah.”
“I’m almost there. Just stay put.”
“I’m not moving.”
“Can you still hear them?”
She listened to the creaking of the stairs, “They’re coming upstairs.”
“Get under your bed, now.”
Carefully she slid off the bed on the side farthest from her door, crawling under the bed. Her blankets fell far enough on each side that whoever came in would have to lean down to the floor to see her. The stairs creaked. They were at the top now.
“Don’t talk. I’m coming around the corner.” She heard the tires screech over the phone and the horn blazed both on the phone, and from outside. She heard the heavy feet run back down the staircase.
“They’re leaving,” she whispered, so low she barely heard herself.
She heard tires peel out and others came to a screeching halt, sirens suddenly filling the air.
“Kyra!” His voice sounded distant on the phone, but she could hear him clearly from outside the house. “Kyra!”
She crawled out from under her bed, swinging the bedroom door open.
“Kyra!” He was at the front door.
She came running down the stairs, and straight into his arms. Tears ran down her face as he lifted her and she wrapped her arms around his neck.
He wrapped his arms around her, holding the small body as close to his as he could get it. “It’s okay,” he whispered above her ear. “It’s okay. They’re gone now.”
Her body shook in his arms as she cried. “I’m… sorry,” she sobbed.
“No,” he gently pulled her back far enough to lift her face to his with one hand, and still held her up to him with the other arm. “You did the right thing. I wanted you to call me. I’m glad you called me.”
“I shouldn’t have stayed here,” she started to get control of herself again, pushing herself away from him, and he sat her back onto her feet. “I should have listened to you. I shouldn’t have stayed here.” She turned away from him.
“Calm down,” Ben spun her back around to him. “They’re gone now. They won’t be coming back today.”
She looked up at him, and then down at the floor, his words sinking into her head, “Why do you think they came back?”
“They either came because they thought you weren’t home or….” his voice trailed off. 
“Or to kill me,” she finished for him, her voice low. She turned and looked at her living room. The sofa was flipped over, the pictures on the floor. Nothing was left on the entertainment center.
“It looks like they were looking for something.”
Fresh tears stung her eyes. Why would someone want to do this? They had no enemies. Why would someone kill her brother and turn their home upside down like this? What were they looking for? What would they have done if they had found her? They would be back. Maybe not today, but they would be back.
“What if something happens to me?”
She turned back around and looked into the dark brown eyes, “What do you want me to do?”
“Go get dressed,” he paused for a moment. “I’ll see if I can straighten some of this back up.”
She looked down, realizing she was only wearing one of Nicky’s t-shirts. She ran up the stairs and back to her room, glad it hung to the middle of her thighs. She pulled out a pair of her cropped jeans and her bra. Now that she had calmed down some, she couldn’t believe she had even gone running to a man she had just met, and in only a t-shirt at that. She put the clothes on and then climbed up on her bed.
She moved the blades of her ceiling fan so she could get to the slightly uneven tiles. When she had those out of the way, she pulled down her heavy lock box, letting it drop onto the bed. She pulled her suitcase out of the closet that she packed last night before crying herself to sleep.
She reached under her bed, getting her cell phone. She quickly saved Ben’s number then she called the shop to come and get the Trans Am. She wanted to be able to get to her car, and get Nicky’s fixed.
Kyra had so many things she needed to do today. She didn’t think the day would be long enough. So many things she didn’t want to do.
She went down the hall to her brother’s room, stopping when she opened the door. Everything about the room was Nicky. She took a deep breath, stepping in. Quickly, trying not to think, she gathered everything that had value to her brother, personal or otherwise.
She went back to her room, placing the items in a duffle bag. She went around her own room, gathering things she didn’t want to lose. She put her purse over one shoulder, the duffle over the other. Then she picked up the suitcase and the lock box, carrying them downstairs. 
She stopped at the bottom of the steps. Ben had managed to put the living room almost all the way back together. It looked half way decent again. He came out of the kitchen with two Pepsis in his hands. 
“Thirsty?” He asked as he sat the drinks down on the coffee table, coming over to help her with the bags. The tow truck was pulling up outside. Kyra sat the duffle bag down and went outside. Ben followed, but he stopped at the steps of the porch. 
“What all do you want done to it?” The man smiled at the woman.
“You’re the ones Nicky always took it too. You know what it looked like before, right?”
“Believe me; I could never forget your cars,” the man that was a few inches taller than the girl returned. He brushed his hair out of his face.
“Then return it to the way it was,” she handed him the keys.
“It looks like it was involved in a drive by. What happened?” His friend was already hooking up the car.
“It was,” Kyra turned and walked back across the yard, to the porch, stopping at the steps. She looked up at Ben, his brown hair falling around his eyes. She hadn’t realized in the commotion of the morning that he wasn’t wearing the cap on his head today. He had on a blue sleeveless t-shirt that let his tanned muscles be seen perfectly. He was leaning against the pillar, watching the other two men, his hands in the pockets of his jeans. The gauze that had been on his arm was gone so you could see the scab from the cut healing, 
He was the best-looking man Kyra had ever seen. 
He ran his fingers through his hair to get it out of his face as he looked down at her and smiled, showing his straight white teeth. Her heart skipped a beat. She turned away from him, just in time to see the 1977 Bandit Trans Am being pulled out of her driveway.
She needed to leave, to get away from this house. She would come clean it up later. She had all of their valuables, and all their pictures. She didn’t need anything else. She went back inside grabbing the bags, then back out and over to the garage, looking at the door. There were a couple bullet holes, but she hoped they were high enough they missed her car. She set the stuff on the ground then pulled the large door open.
“Wow,” Ben’s voice came from behind her. “That’s your car?”
She grinned. The yellow fastback 1969 Mach 1 Mustang sat, unharmed, in front of her, carefully backed into the area. It looked like brand new with the black hood and black stripe going down the side. It had been her mother’s car; the TA was her father’s. Their parents had kept the classic cars in mint condition. “Yep.”
“You two have great taste in cars.”
She glanced over at his car, then looking up at him again, “So do you.”
Pulling out the keys, she went around to the back of the car, opening the trunk. Everything but her purse went in it.
The pair walked back to the door as Tom pulled into the drive in his lifted 1980 black Chevy truck. “Hey!” He called, leaning his head out of the window. Ducking his head back in, he put the truck into park. The brush guard on the front was only a foot away from Kyra and Ben. “We got ‘em!” He jumped out, walking up to them. “Their butts are behind bars, waiting for us to question- Wow.” He looked down at Kyra. “That’s a beau.”
His smile grew; Kyra smiled a little again, “Hey, Detective.” She watched as he walked around her car, whistling.
“What’s that?” He returned.
“Could ya get any closer?” She nodded her head towards his truck. “There’s still a few feet left.”
His grin grew and he looked at her, “I like you already.”
She couldn’t help but smile more at his goofiness. She looked over at Ben. “I guess you need to get back to the station.”
“I should soon.”
“I think I’m safe now. They’re in jail.”
His smile faded away, making Kyra wish she hadn’t caused it to leave his handsome face. Tom walked up to them. “That doesn’t mean you’re safe. They might not be the ones….”
“That killed my brother,” she finished for him. “I know how all this works. There’s nothing showing I’m in any danger.”
“There’s nothing showing you’re not,” the brown eyes stared at her.
“I’m not coming back here anyway, so you don’t have to worry.”
He raised his eyebrows at her, “Where are you going?”
“I have things I need to take care of.” She walked towards the driver’s door of her car.
“Like what?” Ben followed her.
She turned around and looked up at him, not realizing until she did so, how close he was to her, “Are we at the point in this relationship where I have to tell you everywhere I go?”
Tom snickered from where he leaned on the front of his truck, “I really like her.”
“Shut up, Tom,” but the brown eyes didn’t leave hers as he looked down at her. “When you could be in danger, yes.”
She didn’t say anything for a moment. She took a deep breath as she crossed her arms over her chest, “I’m going to my church to talk to the preacher, and to the funeral home.”
“Which church?”
“Old Union, out on route O.”
“Which funeral home?”
“Palmer’s…. The church first. Preacher will go to Palmer’s with me.”
“Can’t your preacher meet you at the funeral home?”
“I don’t know.”
“Call him and ask.”
She stared up at him, challenging him with her eyes. She didn’t like someone telling her what to do, and never had.
He pulled his phone out of his pocket, “Would you like to use mine?”
She knew he wasn’t going to let her win, “Mine will be fine.” She pulled hers out of her back pocket, looking away from his challenging eyes to find her preacher’s number. She held it up so he could see who she was really calling, before putting it to her ear.
“Preacher Mike, this is Kyra.”
“What can I do for you, my dear?”
“I need your help with something. Can you meet me at Palmer’s Funeral Home?”
“Funeral Home? What’s wrong?”
Tears threatened her eyes, but she refused to cry, and she turned away from Ben. “Nicky,” she swallowed the lump in her throat, “he was shot yesterday.”
“Oh my, Kyra, I’m so sorry. I can be there in thirty minutes. Will that work for you?”
“That would be fine. Thank you.” She flipped the phone shut, looking back up at Ben. She felt more stubborn than ever. 
“Well?” He asked. He hadn’t stopped looking at her yet.
“Thirty minutes…. Happy now?”
“Almost,” he grinned. “Who do you want to follow you there, Tom or me?”
Kyra shook her head as she rolled her eyes, “I really don’t care. Toss a coin. See who wins.” She opened her car door and sat down in the seat. 
Ben looked at Tom and he shrugged, “You seem to like arguing with her so much, you can have the pleasure.”
Kyra couldn’t help but smile.
Ben looked back down at her, “I’ll follow you there.”
She shut her door, watching as Ben walked up to Tom, and they talked for a moment. Tom looked at her, smiling, and then shrugged while he waited until Ben was ready to go before backing out of the drive. 
Ben kept his word; he stayed right behind her the whole way. When they got to the funeral home, Ben came up to her car, seating himself in her passenger seat.
“Now what?” She looked over at him.
“I’m gonna wait with you.”
“Is this really how it’s gonna be?”
He made himself more comfortable in the seat, “Until I know you’re not in danger.”
“So you’re just gonna follow me everywhere I go?”
His eyes danced, “If I have to.”
“You’re unbelievable,” she couldn’t help but smile, and she looked away from him.
“Why, thank you,” he smiled back. “That looks really good on you.”
“What?”
“That smile.”
She felt herself blush, “I didn’t know detectives were allowed to flirt with witnesses.” She watched her preacher pull up, parking in front of her.
“Only when they’re pretty.”
“You’re impossible.”
“I thank you again,” he smiled as he tilted his head back on the seat to look at her. “How are you doing with this anyway?”
She looked away from him, “How’s that any of your business, Detective?”
“I’m only concerned for you; I know what you’re going through.”
She spun in her seat as he sat back up, fighting the tears wanting to form in her eyes, “How would you know what I’m going through? You have your picture perfect parents, and your sister along with her children. At least you have someone. I have no one. It’s only me now, so really how could you possibly have any idea?”
He looked away, any trace of a smile was gone, “I know a little better than you think I do…. Is that your Preacher?”
She looked at the man getting out of the car in front of her, “Yah.” She grabbed her purse. “You’ve been relieved of your duties, Detective.”
“So I have,” he reached over and turned her face so she looked into his eyes. “Let me know when you’re done. Don’t even come out until you see me or Tom setting out here.”
She could tell he was serious, so she didn’t make any smart comments.
“Promise me.”
“I promise,” she whispered.
He got out at the same time she did, watching the preacher give her a hug. 
“How are you doing, dear?” Preacher asked her, as they started down the sidewalk.
“As well as I can be,” she answered, feeling the detective watching her.
“You know he’s in a better place now.”
“I keep telling myself that.” 
“Because of your company, I have to ask…,” he pulled the heavy door open for her. “Are you in any danger?”
“They’re trying to decide,” she looked out the window of the door. Ben walked back to his car after nodding his head and got in.

…..oooooOooooo…..

“We were only told to go through the house!” The rough looking bald guy confessed. “We didn’t know anyone was there!”
“We know you killed a man!” Ben got in the man’s face, screaming. “It was the same car! I saw it!”
“I didn’t kill anyone!” The man was almost crying. 
“See this?” Ben pulled up the sleeve of his shirt where the bullet had cut through the layers of skin on his arm. “It was caused by a bullet meant for the girl.” He slammed his hands down onto the table, causing a loud boom to echo through the room and the smaller man jumped. “You better start giving me answers.”
“I don’t know anything! It was a phone call and they said where to find the car! I don’t have anything else to tell you!” Tears rolled down his face.
Ben was frustrated and mad. He walked out of the interrogation room, slamming the door behind him. Both the men that had gone through the house had the same story. They didn’t know the girl was there and they were only going through the house. He had broken both of them down. They had no idea about the shooting.
Kyra hadn’t called him yet. It had been more than two hours. He was beginning to worry about her. He wouldn’t admit it, but the other guy hugging her had made his stomach clench. He had to remind himself he was her preacher. 
Why hadn’t she called yet?
“What’s up with you, man?” Tom came into his office. “Masters said you made both them men cry. If they had done it, they would have confessed.”
“I don’t know.”
“She hasn’t called you yet, has she?”
“What?” Ben turned around and looked at his partner. 
Tom held up his hands, “Hey man, just asking a simple question. Don’t be getting all uptight on me.” He lowered his hands back down. “You can’t make her call you, dude. She’s not in custody.”
“I know,” Ben sat down in the chair. “But, something could have happened to her.”
“So call her, but you know as much as anyone, that stuff takes awhile. Besides there’s uniforms there too, you’d know if she tried to sneak off.”
“We already seen how well that works,” his brother and his parents popped into his head. That had been the hardest thing he had ever done. Making the funeral arrangements had taken forever. But at least he had had Bailey to help him. Kyra didn’t have anyone. She was alone. “What did you find out at the factory?”
Tom handed him a file of papers, “He’s a supervisor on the morning shift. Always comes to work on time, never misses a day.
“There’s a list of all the employees?” Ben thumbed through the papers.
“Everyone who works there.”
One name popped out at Ben, “Did you see this?”
“Martinez? Yep, noticed it.”
“Why would Diego Martinez be working at the factory? The family’s loaded.”
“So are the Baldwins.”
Ben looked at his partner, “What?”
“Mom and Dad both had nest eggs from their parents. When they died, they left it to their two kids. Neither of them had to work for the rest of their lives. Yet he’s a supervisor at a factory, and she’s a waitress. Go figure.”
Ben looked at the papers again, “The factory was owned by a Martinez?”
“Carlos. He sold it about eight years ago. Baldwin was already employed and the new owners kept him on along with a very few others. A year later we found Carlos’ body.”
“I remember. Are they connected to Baldwin’s death?”
“Still looking into that. Other than the two working together there isn’t much else I can find so far.”
Cap walked into the office, “Chamberlain, what the hell has gotten into you?”
Ben sat down behind the desk in his chair, “Just trying to figure out what happened, Cap. That is my job, right?”
“Don’t get like that with me, boy. I’ve known you since you were in diapers.”
Tom snickered, both the other men glaring at him.
“You took those two through the ringer. It’s been a long time since I seen you like that. What’s going on? Do you know the Baldwins personally?”
“I only know of the dad, from my dad.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
“There isn’t a problem,” Ben snapped.
“Is it hitting too close to home? I can put Masters and McIntyre on the case instead of helping.”
“No,” his eyes instantly met his superior’s. That wasn’t what he wanted; he was there when it happened. He was shot saving the girl’s life. This was his case; he just didn’t know why it was affecting him so badly. He took a deep breath trying to calm himself, “I just can’t shake the feeling there’s a lot more than what we’re seeing.”
“I’ve known that family for a long time,” Cap said. “The two of you are my best team. If there’s more, then you’ll find it.”
“What if they meant to get her too?”
“Keep uniforms with her.”
“Tried that, and those two idiots still got into her house with her.”
“Where’s she now?”
“At the funeral home with her preacher.”
“Took her there personally too, huh?”
“I did.”
“I’ve noticed something with you, Ben.” Cap walked over to the door.
“What’s that, Cap?” Ben looked at him.
“You should follow your gut. It’s gotten you really far here.” He walked out of the room.
The phone vibrated in his hand, almost making him drop it. He looked down at the screen: ‘1 message’. He pressed the read button.
‘This is Kyra. Sorry I hadn’t called yet. I didn’t want to interrupt anything. We’re almost done.’
He took a deep breath. She was ok, and she had given him time to get there before she was done. He left the station. Cap wasn’t much help with deciding what to do about this girl. He didn’t know what to do there, but he had a gut feeling this was far from being over. And he couldn’t find it in him to just let her be. There was more to all this. People don’t just get gunned down in front of their homes for no reason, and usually there were no witnesses left. 
They had shot at least once at her. If she wasn’t meant to survive, they would be coming after her soon enough. It wasn’t in his playbook to let her join the rest of her family. Not on his watch.
He pulled up, parking behind her car again. It was almost one. This day seemed to drag by, and so far, there wasn’t a lead in sight. The tags were the only thing they had gotten anything back on, all the other information was stuff they already knew. It looked liked there was nowhere to go with it. They were still waiting on information about the ex to come back. 
Ben got out of his car, walking up to the front doors of the funeral home. He knew the arrangements had already been made to start preparing the body since they had already called the station. They would finish the autopsy today. So he figured the funeral would probably be in a couple days, and he wanted this to be over with before then.
He pulled the large door open, finding Kyra standing in the entry. She smiled weakly at him, her eyes red from crying.
“Thank you,” she said to the other two men, giving her preacher another hug before she walked over to Ben. Her eyes were so sad, “Ready?”
“Yah,” he said quietly, placing his hand on the small of her back as they went out the doors. He didn’t know why, but he felt very protective of the girl. He looked around as they walked down the sidewalk and over to the cars.
“Are you hungry?” She looked up at him when they reached the Mustang.
“Actually I am,” he put his hands into his pockets. 
“I am too. Where do you want to go? And please, don’t say Kathy’s Diner.”
He smiled at her, “How about pizza?”
“Sounds great,” she smiled somewhat. “Following me?”
He grinned, “Right behind you.”
Damn she was beautiful; she had caught his eye as soon as he had looked at her at the Diner. He got into his car, firing it up and pulling out right behind her. This probably wasn’t the best thing to do. So far, other than the one bullet, it didn’t look like she was in any danger. The men weren’t there to hurt her. According to them, they didn’t even think she was home. Still, he couldn’t shake the awful feeling he had in the bottom of his gut. 
They pulled into the almost empty parking lot. That was a plus. Lunch hour was over. He parked beside her car, and they walked in together.
“What kind of pizza do you like?” She looked up at him as he pulled the last door open.
“I’m not picky.” He smiled down at her.
“I am, how ‘bout something meaty?”
“Sounds perfect,” he walked up to the counter, ordered their food, and then followed her to a booth, sitting down across from her.
“What did you find out from those guys?” She looked over the table at him. Her eyes weren’t cold like they usually were. Now they were sad and lonely. His heart broke. He would rather see them cold, especially since he had no news to give her.
“They swear they were just there to go through the house.”
“What were they looking for?” She took a sip from her drink.
“Some kind of box.”
“A lock box?”
“No,” he shook his head, “some kind of wooden box.”
He watched as her face changed.
“What?”
“I have it,” her voice lowered. “It’s in the trunk of my car.” She looked out the window for a second then the green eyes found him again. “But I don’t think there’s anything in it to get killed over. The lock box would make more sense. At least it has all our bank records in it.”
“I hate to ask you this,” he leaned forward so he could whisper. “Is there a chance he might have been involved with something you didn’t know about?”
Her eyes flashed with anger, but then turned sad again. “I guess there’s always the possibility. But I really don’t think he would do anything like that.”
“It doesn’t necessarily have to be drugs or anything, if he just owed the wrong person money….” Something to tie him to the Martinez’s, then it would make more sense.
She shook her head. “We don’t need any money. Our parents left us plenty, and we both work full time. There's hardly been a time we touched their money.”
“There’s got to be something,” Ben looked down, running everything through his head again. “There’s something everyone’s over-looking. Maybe it’s in that box.”
“Thank you,” she barely whispered.
The softness in her voice made him look up at her. She looked as if she could cry at any second, “For what?”
“For caring so much.”
“I’m just doing my job, Kyra.”
“No,” she stared into his eyes. Her sad green eyes made him melt. “You’ve done more than that already. Hardly anyone at that station has cared like this in a long time. They wouldn’t have given me a second thought. You have no proof I’m in any danger at all, and here you are, having lunch with me, following me around. You wouldn’t even let me drive across town by myself. They wouldn’t have cared that much. It’s all about solving the case to them.” She looked down at the table.
“Kyra-”
She looked back up, making him loose his words. “You told me yesterday you were different and you’re proving it to me. Just give me time; I’m stubborn and not very trusting.”
“You can trust me,” he whispered. 
“I’m learning. Just be patient with me.”
“From the way you act, you don’t have much of a reason to trust me.”
“I don’t…. You’re a cop. The good ones now are few and far between. I like you and Tom though.” She paused again, “Have you found out anything else?”
“Actually that’s something else I need to ask to you about.”
He watched her eyes cloud over. The sadness disappeared, “What?” The emotion was gone from her voice.
“The tags came back. They’re registered to a Dennis Harper. Do you know him?”
She was cold again. He wondered what made her change like that, “He’s Tiffany Williams’ step-dad, or at least used to be. I’m not sure anymore. Like I said, it’s been years since I’ve spoken or seen her.”
“How well did Nick know him?”
“Pretty well, I guess, at least five or so years ago. Tiffany and Nicky were high school sweethearts.”
“How old were they when they got married?”
“She was seventeen, and he was nineteen. It was only a couple months before our parents died.”
“Did they have a reason to get married so young?”
“She was pregnant.”
“I thought you said they didn’t have any kids.”
“They don’t. She had a miscarriage when she was five months along. That’s when we realized she had a drug problem.”
The waitress brought out their pizza. Ben gave them each a slice. “Tell me more about their relationship.”
“There’s not much to tell. My brother loved her. He spent a lot of time at her place while they were dating. After the miscarriage, we started trying to get her help. They started fighting a lot. She got pregnant again, and miscarried at two months. She checked herself out of the hospital and left. She didn’t even show up in court for the divorce, but she had signed the papers, so it didn’t matter. That’s it.”
She had barely eaten a slice of the pizza.
“Why don’t you take the rest back to the station? Share it with Tom or something.” She dug in her purse for a second, bringing out a ten dollar bill. She laid it on the table. “That should cover my half.”
She got up and headed for the door. Ben pulled a twenty out of his wallet, throwing it on the table. He went after the girl. The coldness hadn’t left her. Catching up with her easily, he grabbed her arm, spinning her around to face him.
“What the hell’s the matter with you?”
Tears had formed in her eyes, “Just leave me alone, please.”
She tried to turn away, but he pulled her back. He watched as a tear ran down her face. Suddenly, he had a feeling he had done it to her. 
“Is there a problem?” A man called out the door. “I’ll call the police.”
“I am the police!” He yelled back, flipping out his badge. Then he softened his voice as he spoke to Kyra again, “Tell me what I did.”
“I let you in, and all you wanted was more information.” 
“No, it’s not what I intended.”
“But it’s what you did. If that was all you wanted then you could of just said so. Don’t use me as an excuse,” She tried to turn again.
“I didn’t mean for it to be that way. I really didn’t. You asked me if I had found out anything else. That was all I know so far.”
She looked down at his hand on her arm. “You’re hurting me,” she whispered.
He instantly let go of her, he didn’t want to hurt her in any way, “I’m sorry. I’m not trying to hurt you.” What was he thinking? This poor girl had already lost both her parents at the same time, and just watched her brother being gunned down less than twenty-four hours ago.
“Are you going to go question Harper?” She stepped back from him.
“I have to…. Tom and I are leaving when I get back.”
“Then go do your job, Detective.” She walked the rest of the way to her car. “I’m going to go to a hotel.” She opened the door. “Do you still have my number?”
“Yah.”
“Keep me informed, please,” she shut the door and pulled out of the parking lot.
Whatever he had gained in trust from her, he had just lost. He wanted to kick something, but the closest thing was his car. Instead, he got into his car and went back to the station. He punched his steering wheel as he pulled the car into his parking spot, “Damn it!”
Chapter Three

Kyra pulled into the parking lot of the hotel. Her parents had stayed here several times and they knew her and Nicky here too. She got out, walking to the back of her car. She got her things out, heading inside.
“Good afternoon, Miss Baldwin,” the desk manager greeted her. He was only about as tall as she was. He had red hair and pale skin, but he was one of her favorite people that worked here. She wondered what the little man would think if Ben and Tom walked in here, as tall as they both were.
She shook them – him – out of her head, “I’ve been better… how ‘bout you, Marty?”
“I’m just dandy,” he smiled. He almost looked like a teenager. “But what makes you so unhappy?”
“Nicky.”
“How is he? Did you get into a fight?”
“No, Marty…. I guess you haven’t seen the news yet.”
“No, ma’am, haven’t had the chance.”
“You should when you have time. Do you have a room for me?”
“I sure do. Would you like the usual one?”
“That’d be fine.” 
Another young man came over to take her bags for her. Marty handed her the key, and the bellhop followed her to her room. She tipped him ten dollars when he left. She sat down on the soft and fluffy couch. 
Her mind drifted back to the restaurant. Why had Ben done that to her? Even though he did seem sincere in his apology, but isn’t how it usually works? Who was she kidding? She had no idea how it worked. Marty probably had more dating skills than she had. Dating was pretty much ruined for her four years ago.
She cleared her mind. She didn’t want to think about the past.
She closed her eyes and Ben’s face popped into her head. That wasn’t exactly what she wanted to think of either. Her mind went back to their lunch. Did she really take him wrong? She didn’t know, but it seemed like maybe she had.
She thought about their conversation. She couldn’t forget that he was a cop, and she was the only one he could go to for anything about Nicky that might help them find the person who wanted this to happen. How and why did it upset her so badly when he asked about Nicky? It was stuff he probably needed to know. 
Then part of the conversation hit her. The men were looking for a wooden box. What would Nicky have in the box that could get him killed over? The only things she knew he kept in it were little things.
She got up, walking over to her bags sitting on the bed. She opened the duffle, pulling the box out and opening it. There wasn’t much in it. But moving the few items around, she saw a pregnancy test that read positive. The way her brother had been, she figured it was probably one of Tiffany’s. Nicky had wanted children badly. She wished he had been able to have one.
Then she came across a paper all folded up. ‘Nicky’ was written on the outside of it in a female’s handwriting. She didn’t remember Tiffany’s, and it made her wonder if Nicky had been that in love with her. She opened it.
My Dearest Nicky,
I know that we have to do this all in secret, which I really don’t like and wish that we didn’t have to do. Hopefully it can all be changed so we won’t have to anymore. 
Anyway, I wanted to tell you I love you. One day I know we will be able to be together. I have faith. Especially after everyone finds out I am pregnant with your baby. I know, I am waiting, just like you asked me too. I think it is the best for right now. Though, I think you should tell your sister as close as the two of you are.
But I should let you go before someone comes in and finds me writing to you. I will meet you in my dreams. 
I hope you decide we can run off together soon.
Para semipro, mi amour.
Forever yours,
Gabriela 

“What?” Kyra asked aloud to the empty room. She didn’t know a Gabriela, never even heard him mention that name, and they were planning to run off together? This woman was pregnant with her brother’s baby? Why didn’t he tell her?
Her heart broke. Did Nicky actually feel like he couldn’t share that secret with her? She wouldn’t have ever told anyone. 
“You know what, Ky?” Nicky flopped down on her bed with her. “You're the best sister ever.”
“Like you have a bunch to compare me too,” she laughed.
“But you are better than anyone. I can tell you anything.”
She had never told any of his secrets, now she had to. It could have something to do with his murder. Would someone really kill a man because of that?
They would. Nicky once wanted to kill someone for what they had done to her. Fortunately, he had never had the chance. The person had vanished.
She had to tell Ben about this. She looked over at the clock. It was almost four. They probably weren’t back yet. But what could she do?
She could go to Nicky’s work. She could ask around there if anyone knew a Gabriela, and if they knew about the relationship between her and Nicky. She stuck the letter back into the box, and picked it up as she stood, grabbing her purse.
She went back downstairs and out to her car. She pulled out of the hotel parking lot, heading to the plastics factory on the other side of the city. When she pulled into the half full parking lot, she had started to lose her nerve. What if it did have something to do with his murder? Was she going to put herself into danger by asking a couple simple questions?
“I am going to kill him!” Nicky punched the wall. “No more walking home. No more walking anywhere. I didn’t like it anyway. I can’t let anything happen to you.”
But if someone was going to have her brother’s baby, then she wanted to know. She wanted to be able to see her niece or nephew. If Nicky loved this person as much as it seemed, then she wanted to meet the lady who stole his heart.
She got out, walking to the office entrance. The receptionist smiled warmly at her.
“Miss Baldwin,” the brunette said, surprise in her dark eyes, “we’re so sorry about Nick. We heard this morning. Is there anything we can do? Do you need anything?”
“Thank you, Anna, but I’m managing so far.”
“I can’t imagine what you must be going through…. But what brings you here?” 
“Actually, I found something and I have a question. You know everyone who works here, so I’ll ask you.”
“What’s that?”
“Do you know a Gabriela?” Kyra watched the woman’s face turn pale at the mention of the name.
“I only know one person by that name,” she leaned forward on the desk as she looked around. “And you really don’t want to ask many questions about her around here. It can get you hurt, but I didn’t tell you that.” The woman leaned back.
Kyra’s phone started ringing. She reached into her purse, seeing it was Ben, she looked back at the lady, stepping back, “Thanks, I’ll see ya later, Anna.”
“Be careful, please,” she had spoken to the lady many times, and she had never seen her acting so weird.
Kyra headed outside as she answered the phone, “Hello.”
“Where are you at?” Ben’s voice came over the line.
“What a way to greet someone,” she returned sarcastically.
“Sorry…. Where are you? We need to talk.”
The urgency in his voice made her answer, “At the Plastics Factory.”
“Leave now,” she could hear some anger in his voice.
“I am.”
“I’m not kidding, Kyra.”
“Getting in my car now,” she opened the door of her car, setting down in the seat. “I’ve got that box with me too.”
“Meet me up the street at the gas station. I’ll be there within ten minutes.”
“What’s going on?” She started the vehicle up.
“Just get away from there and to the gas station. Then go inside.”
“Can you tell me what’s going on?”
“When I see you.”
“Fine…. I’m leaving now,” she backed out of the parking spot.
“Good. Can you drive and talk at the same time?”
“That’s a silly question. Of course I can.”
“I want to stay on the phone with you.”
“I don’t get what’s wrong. Didn’t you just go talk to Dennis Harper?” She pulled out onto the street.
“Yah, but we found out something. I need to talk to you.”
“You’ve said that.”
“Are you there yet?”
“Almost, I’m at the stop light now.”
“Stay in the car until we get there.”
“I thought you wanted me to go in.”
“I changed my mind.”
“You’re worse than a female…. I’m pulling in now.”
“I see you. When I get there, I’ll pull up beside you. Get in with me, Tom’s going to drive your car. Leave the box with him.”
“I wish you-”
“I will. I’m pulling in.”
“I see you,” she hung up the phone as she watched him pull up beside her. Tom gave her a big grin as he switched places with her.
“Nice to see you again, bye,” He got in her car and backed up.
Kyra shut the door of the GTO, Ben instantly backing up. He took off out of the parking lot, right behind Tom.
“What were you doing at the factory?” Ben glanced over at her, seriousness covering his face.
“I had to ask them something…. Why are you in such a hurry?”
“Don’t go back there again.”
“You sound like my brother,” Kyra’s phone rang, vibrating her hand. It was a number she didn’t recognize. She flipped it open. “Hello?”
“It’s Anna. I got a break so I went out to my car to call you. I hope you don‘t mind, but I looked in Nick’s files to get your number.”
“It’s ok,” the woman had never called Kyra before. “Why are you calling me?”
“Over what you asked me about.”
“Tell me,” she glanced at Ben.
“Gabriela’s a guy works here’s sister. His name’s Diego Martinez and he’s really bad news. Nick showed interest in her one day when she had came to see Diego for lunch. When Diego saw the two talking to each other, he went off. He told Nick not to ever talk to her again or else.”
“Did Nicky listen?”
“I don’t know. She never came eat lunch here again, and Nick started leaving for lunch. I know Diego came in the other day, and he was really mad. I heard he was looking for Nick…. That’s all I know.”
“Thank you, Anna.”
“I gotta go,” the line went dead.
Kyra stared at the phone for a moment. Who was Diego Martinez?
“What was that about?” Ben glanced at her.
“I found something in the wooden box after I got to the hotel.”
“You went through it?” He glanced at her again.
She looked at him, “It's my brother’s. I have the right.”
“What did you find?”
“There was a pregnancy test, and a letter to Nicky from a girl named Gabriela. It said they'd been seeing each other in secret, and she's pregnant.”
 “Did you know anything about the relationship?”
“No.”
“So why did you go to the factory?”
“To ask about her.”
“What were you told?”
“The receptionist only knows one Gabriela, and said I shouldn’t ask about her.”
“And who was that on the phone?” 
“The receptionist…. She said Gabriela was a guy that worked there’s sister, and the man was bad news. She came to eat lunch with her brother one day, and when he saw Nicky talking to the girl, he went off. He threatened Nicky to never look at her again, or else. The girl never came back there again, and Nicky started eating lunch somewhere else. And the other day the brother came into work really mad, looking for Nicky…. That's it.”
“What’s the guy’s name?”
“Diego Martinez.”
They were both quiet for a moment as they came to a stop in the parking garage of the police station.
“What did you find out at Dennis Harper’s?” Kyra asked, looking over at the man. 
“He hasn’t seen Tiffany in a month…. He did give her one of his cars to drive, but it was stolen while she had it. The last time he seen her she was all worked up, something about seeing Nicky and some Mexican and something about the Martinez’s.”
“I wonder if it was Gabriela.”
“I don’t know, but I’m going to find out,” he turned and looked at her. “I’m really sorry ‘bout earlier. Have you forgave me yet?”
“It doesn’t matter,” she looked out the windshield at the other cars. “I just want to find out who killed my brother. And now I want to know who this Gabriela is and if she’s really pregnant with his baby.”
“You can’t do that.”
She looked into his eyes, instantly wondering why he had to be so handsome, and such a cop. “Why can’t I?”
“If you weren’t already in danger, you put yourself there going and asking about her today.”
“How did I do that?”
“The Martinez’s isn’t a family you mess around with. The lady was right when she said it’s bad news. They’re known as killers around here.”
“So why aren’t they all in prison?”
“No one has been able to prove anything. There was never a solid case, just another unsolved murder.”
“If that’s who killed my brother, then I’ll find the proof.”
“You won’t do anything,” his voice was hard.
Her body went cold. He wasn’t going to tell her what she could and couldn’t do. No one had done that since she was fifteen. They weren’t going to start now. “We’ll see about that,” She went to get out of the car, but his hand came down on her arm.
“You’ll get yourself killed,” he moved his hand.
“Then help me find who did it.”
“That’s what I’m trying to do, but I can’t put you in any more danger.”
“Then do it with me, so I won’t be.”
“I would lose my job if anyone found out I took you out with me. And if you did get hurt….”
“I won’t.”
“I bet your brother thought that too.”
“That was cold….” She looked away from him. “Like he could have known someone was going to do that. I know he wouldn’t have had me there.”
“Are you sure it’s actually your neighbor that left you the note? Did you ever get to talk to her?”
She wanted to say yes, but she couldn’t. Kyra looked down into her lap. She hadn’t seen the woman for three days. 
“She’s never left a note before. Maybe it’s important,” Nicky’s words rang through her head. “At least go see if it can wait, Ky, be a good neighbor.” 
She could see her brother’s face in her head. If Anita had really needed to talk to her, then why hadn’t she come over this morning? Even this afternoon, Kyra had been standing outside. 
“What if something happens to me?”
Did Nicky know what was going to happen? 
“Kyra?” His voice was soft.
She realized she hadn’t said anything, “No.”
He looked back out the windshield. “Where are you staying at?”
“The Hamilton,” she whispered. 
“Does anyone know you're there?”
“Only the people that work there.”
“I’ll take you back there.”
“What about my car?” She looked back over at him. He looked sad, making her wonder why.
“I want it to stay here for awhile. I don’t want you followed anywhere.”
She let out a sarcastic laugh, looking away as he fired back up his vehicle, leaving the parking area. “You mean you don’t want me to be able to go anywhere.”
“Kyra, I’m only trying to protect you.”
“You’re only trying to control me.”
He left the police garage, “I’m doing what I think’s best.”
“Who do you think you are?” She looked back at him, full of anger.
He took a deep breath, “I just want you to be safe. If you stay at the hotel you should be fine.”
“Do you really think I’m just going to sit and wait?”
“That’s what you should do.”
“Then I’ll be a sitting duck for them if they want to find me.”
“Why do you have to be so stubborn?”
“Why do you have to be such a pig-headed cop?” She turned and looked out the window. “I was wrong; you’re no different than the rest of them.”
“Kyra-”
“Don’t bother, Ben. I really don’t care anymore. I have my way and you have yours. Let’s just agree to stay out of the other’s way.”
“I can’t do that.”
“You can, you just chose not to.” Taking her car wasn’t going to stop her. She still had her feet, and there were things called taxis. She wasn’t just some stupid female and she wasn’t about to just stay put. If the people who killed Nicky wanted her dead, then she would be. It didn’t matter if she was out in the public or in the hotel, they would make sure she didn’t survive. 
They pulled into the lot in front of the hotel.
“Do you need anything?” He asked getting out of the car with her.
“Not from you,” she left him standing there, walking into the hotel alone. She didn’t say anything to anyone; she went straight up to her room. She threw her purse on the sofa, and herself across the bed as the tears formed in her eyes.
“Oh, Nicky,” she whispered into the room. “I wish you were here to tell me what to do.”
Her mind flashed to Anita. If she hadn’t left the note for her, then who had? Did Ben think Nicky could have left it? It hadn’t been in his handwriting. Who were these Martinez people? She had lived in this town for years, and she didn’t remember ever hearing about any Martinez’s. If they were that bad, wouldn’t everyone know? She was missing something. There had to be more to the story. 
Apparently, Tiffany had found out about Nicky and his girlfriend. Why had she been upset about it? They had been divorced for five years. Unless she was still in love with him, but then why would she have signed the papers?
There were too many questions, and no answers. She wanted the answers.
She wasn’t going to sit around in this room and wait for someone to give them to her. Even Ben said no one had been able to convict a Martinez of anything. They just ended up as unsolved cases. 
Nicky wasn’t going to be one of those. She wasn’t going to let him. She was going to go find some answers herself, starting with going to the diner to see if anyone had been in there looking for her.

Everyone looked at her in surprise when she walked through the door of her work. She sat down at the counter.
“How you doing, Honey?” Micky came up to her.
“The best I can,” Kyra answered.
“We’re real sorry. He was such a nice guy.”
“Thank you,” she was already getting tired of hearing the word sorry. 
“Can I get you anything?”
“A Pepsi and a cookie.”
She smiled, “Chunky chocolate chip?”
Kyra grinned back, “Of course.”
The tall brunette walked away for a minute, returning with the pop and cookie, “There ya go, Honey. Do you need anything else?”
“I just have a question,” Kyra looked up into the hazel eyes of her friend.
“What’s that?”
“Has anyone come in looking for me?”
Micky leaned down on the counter, “Actually a couple of people have.”
“Who?”
“They didn’t leave any names. One was a kinda chunky Mexican older lady. She said she lived by you or something, and there was one blonde girl. She looked kinda like your brother’s ex-wife, but I wouldn’t swear on it.”
Probably Anita and Tiffany, but that meant Tiffany was in town. Kyra had worked yesterday, “When was this?”
“The older one came in this morning. She said she didn’t think you’d be here, but no one answered your door. The other one, you just missed her by maybe five minutes.”
“Did she say anything about Nicky?”
“Neither of them did. Just asked if we knew where you were.”
“Did either of them leave a number?” She stood up.
“The chubby one said you had hers. The one who reminded me of Tiff said she’d come back later.”
Kyra looked out the window as the red car pulled into the lot. “Damn it,” she got up, walking out of the restaurant. He pulled up in front of her, so she was beside the driver’s window. “Can’t I do anything?”
“Get in,” he looked at her with his intense eyes.
“No,” she crossed her arms over her chest.
“Kyra, please, just get in the car,” he sounded annoyed, but then so was she.
“I don’t want to,” she turned to go back inside, hearing the car door open behind her. His arm wrapped around her waist from behind, and he lifted her into his arms in a quick movement. “Put me down!” She screamed as he carried back over to his car.
He plopped her down in the seat, “There ya go. Now move over.”
“No,” she looked up at him.
“Then I’ll sit on you.”
“You wouldn’t.” When he started to actually sit on her, she quickly moved over. He put the car into gear as he closed his door. He pulled out of the parking lot, heading back towards the hotel.
“You’re very stubborn.”
“Never said I wasn’t,” she stared out the windshield. “And you’re arrogant.” 
“I should've known with the stories I heard about your dad.”
“Don’t talk about my dad.”
“Fine,” he pulled up in front of the hotel, putting the car into park. He turned in the seat to look at her, his voice was stern, “What would you have done if someone grabbed you? Were you even thinking about anything, Kyra?”
“You don’t have to yell at me!”
“Apparently I do and I’m not yelling!”
“Then what do call it?” Tears formed in her eyes. 
He leaned back on the seat, his eyes softening, “I’m sorry.”
She lowered her voice as she looked away from him and out the windshield, “They didn’t want to kill me, anyway, only Nicky.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Anita wouldn’t have left me a note,” she looked down at her hands.
“How do you know?”
“She never has before. She’d just call me. She wouldn’t have gone to the diner like she did looking for me. She said no one answered the door this morning at the house, she thought maybe I had gone to work.”
“Who told you this?”
“One of my co-workers,” she looked into his brown eyes. “So no one’s after me. You can stop coming after me every time I go somewhere. I don’t need your protection.” She got out of the car, going inside. She watched while he sat there for a minute. Then he drove away. She went over to the pay phone, looking up the number to a taxi.
She needed a laptop. Hers was at home and she wasn’t close to being ready to go back there yet. After getting a new laptop, she went back to the diner.
 “Thought you’d be back,” Micky smiled. “Took ya longer than I figured it would.”
“You know me well,” Kyra sat the laptop down at the end of the counter. She had got it all set up in the taxi. Micky sat her Pepsi and the cookie down for her. “And thanks for coming to help.”
“He was so cute; I figured you didn’t want any.” She smiled. “Wasn’t he one of the hotties in here yesterday?”
“Yep.”
Micky smiled, “If ya need anything just holler.”
“I will. Thanks.” Kyra turned back to the machine. It was only a few minutes before she was on the web. She picked up her cookie as she typed MARTINEZ into the search. A long list popped up in front of her. She read them, several mentioning trials and suspects, but one of them instantly caught her eye: ‘Anita Martinez to be married….’
She clicked on the link, bringing up a color picture of a younger version of her neighbor. She was shocked; she had no idea the woman was a Martinez. And that would make sense if the Martinez’s were the ones who killed her brother. Anita could have put the note on the door to get her out of the line of fire.
“Hey, Micky,” Kyra spun the laptop around as her friend came over to her. “Was this the lady asking for me?”
Micky’s eyebrows went up, “Just a skinnier version.” She paused a moment as she looked at the screen. “She’s a Martinez?”
“Shhhh,” Kyra spun the laptop back around. She hit the back to return to the search screen.
Micky leaned towards her, lowering her voice, “Why are you looking up that family? They're bad news, Kyra. You need to leave them alone.”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?”
“My brother may have something to do with one of them.”
Micky leaned back, “You really need to leave it alone, Kyra. Before you end up like that too.”
“What are you talking about?” Kyra looked up at her.
“They’re horrible people. They have killed people just for looking at them wrong. At least that’s what I’ve heard.”
“If so,” she looked back at the screen, “then why haven’t I heard about them?” She saw the name she was looking for, clicking on it. A picture of a very pretty Mexican girl popped up, with blonde highlights. She didn’t blame her brother for liking her, if that was what was going on.
“I don’t know, Kyra, maybe because you're always in your own la-la land.”
“Ha-ha,” She saved the picture to the memory then looked up at her friend. 
Micky was looking out the window, “Your hottie’s back.”
Kyra looked in the same direction, “My God, I can’t do anything!” She shut the screen, picking it up, “I’ll see ya later.”
“Take care and be careful,” Micky called after her as she went out the door.
Ben pulled the car into the parking spot. She saved him some trouble, going ahead and getting into the car. He put the car in reverse, then into drive. He headed back to the hotel, and didn’t say a word. 
Her mind was going a mile a minute. If it was the Martinez’s, why did they only want to kill Nicky and not her? If they were really as horrible as everyone made them out to be, then it wouldn’t have bothered them at all to take her out too. And could it really be over a girl? 
They pulled into the parking lot in front of the huge building, Ben finally speaking, his voice was low, “What are you doing, Kyra?”
“I told you you don’t have to protect me anymore,” she didn’t look at him.
“I still have doubts,” he pulled into a parking spot this time.
“What now?” She looked at him. “Are you going to walk me to my room this time?”
“It seems like I have to. It also seems like you need a babysitter.”
“I can take care of myself, Ben,” she got out, walking to the automatic sliding doors, her laptop in her arm.
She knew Ben was following her. She went in and headed for the staircase. 
“Miss Baldwin?” 
She turned around, watching the older, short man coming near her. He was wearing a hotel uniform, but she didn’t recognize him, “Yes?”
“I have a message for you,” he handed her a folded piece of paper, then quickly walked off.
Ben had almost caught up with her. She turned, running up the steps to her room. She put the key in the door, turning the knob. The door cracked open as Ben’s hand covered the top of hers.
“What does it say?”
“I haven’t read it yet,” she pulled her hand away, as the electricity from his touch flowed through her veins. She pushed the door the rest of the way open, walking into the room.
He pulled the message out of her hand, pausing for a moment as he read it, “I think you better be more careful.”
“Why?” She spun around, finding him right behind her. He held the paper out to her, and she took it quickly from his fingers.
‘The first one missed the next won’t Stop snooping or you will find yourself joining your brother.’
Chapter Four

“Now tell me you aren't in danger,” Ben looked down at her.
“Ok, so maybe what I did wasn’t the smartest thing in the world,” Kyra sat herself down on the couch. Her knees had gotten weak. “But it’s hard for me just to set still.” She opened the computer, turning it back on. “It’s my brother, what do you expect me to do? Plus you got to see what I found out.”
“Are you seriously looking them up on the net now too?” He came over, setting down beside her. She pulled up the picture of the girl as she waited for the machine to connect to the hotel’s wireless internet. “Who’s that?”
“Gabriela Martinez.”
He looked at her, “You found her on the internet?”
“Sure did, and that’s not all…. My neighbor, Anita Foster,” she typed in the last name again, the search page quickly pulling up. She clicked on the link she had earlier, “She’s a Martinez, too.”
“Wow,” he looked at the picture. “I never would've noticed it.” He looked back at the smiling green eyes. “What made you think of that?”
“I knew something was off with Anita after my first visit down to the diner. I had just went in to see if anyone had been there looking for me. She told me two girls had. One of them fit Anita. But like I told you, she has my number. She’d just call me like she has for the last four years. So I know she didn’t leave the note on the door. And she also told Micky-”
“Who’s Micky?”
“My friend at work…. But Anita told her she knocked on the door this morning. No one knocked or it would have woke me up.” 
“You’re sure it would of?” Ben looked at her.
“Positive. I’ve never slept through someone knocking; besides the door’s right below my room.” She met his brown eyes.
“Who was the other girl?”
“Tiffany…. At least I think it was.”
“What did she want?”
“She just asked for me, and said she'd come back later.”
“Harper said she came over to his place mad.”
“And it had to do with Nicky.”
“You’re pretty good at this,” he smiled at her. “See what you else can find on Tiffany, Anita, and Gabriela. I need to make a phone call.”
“Ok,” she turned back to the computer. She typed in Tiffany’s name first. All she managed to get on her was an address and phone number. She found a pen and some paper, writing it down. Anita’s name didn’t bring up any more information either. When she typed in Gabriela Martinez, newspaper articles came up. She had gotten a scholarship, was top in her class, valedictorian, nothing but a good little girl. In one of the articles, it mentioned her parents, Carlos and Isabella Martinez. There wasn’t an address or anything.
She decided to take a chance while Ben was outside on the balcony. She typed in Diego Martinez. All kinds of stuff popped up from his name. She was able to get an address and a phone number. There were also all kinds of newspaper articles on him.
“So what did you find out?” Ben came back inside.
“Not a whole lot,” Kyra answered, closing the internet.
“Why were you looking him up?” His tone got deeper with frustration.
“Because he’s the link to what is possibly my brother’s baby.”
“This family’s dangerous,” Ben sat down beside her. “I understand you want answers, but you have to be careful. We have a place to start and we have to be careful from there.”
“But-”
“Please just do this my way.”
“Your way doesn’t seem to want to touch the Martinez’s.”
“It’s not that. I’d love to be able to put one of them away for life. We don’t even know for sure this Gabriela’s the same one from the letter. You’re going off what a receptionist said she’d seen.”
“What’s wrong with that?”
“A lot if it gets you killed,” he looked down at the paper laying on the table. “You got an address on Tiffany…. Since she was upset about Nicky seeing someone, then let’s start there.”
She watched as he stood up, starting to walk to the door. She figured he was going to leave her stranded again.
“Are you coming?” He turned around and looked at her.
“I can go?” She looked back at him, not able to believe what she had just heard.
“Come on,” he smiled. “I can’t talk to anyone and be here with you at the same time. God knows you won’t stay put, so you’re going with me.”
“But you said-”
He cut her off, “Are you really going to argue?”
She jumped up, grabbing her purse, “Nope.”
They walked down to his car. Once inside Kyra looked back over at him.
“How did you know every time I left here?” She asked him.
“They called me,” Ben pulled out of the parking lot. “The first time I brought you here, I told them it was possible you were in danger and they needed to call me if you left.”
“How did you know where I went?”
“Your boss called me, besides the fact officers have been following you all day,” he smiled.
“You’re mean.”
“How’s that?” He glanced over at her.
“Doing that to me.”
“I’m trying to keep you safe.”
“That’s your story,” she smiled over at him.
“You should do that more often,” he glanced at her, a grin on his face too.
“What’s that?”
“Smile…. You’re beautiful,” his phone rang. He quickly picked it up and answered it. “Chamberlain…. Be there in a minute.”
“This is kinda nice.”
“What’s that?”
“Not arguing.”
He smiled, “But we’re so good at it.”
“You make me mad.”
“And you frustrate the hell out of me.”
“I used to do it to Nicky too,” she was quiet for a minute. “Ben?” She looked at him, and he glanced over at her, “What do they mean by the first one missed?”
He didn’t answer for a moment as he moved his arm down, placing his left hand on the wheel, “You don’t want to know, Kyra.”
That meant there was more to it, but she didn’t get the chance to ask. They pulled up in front of the station where Tom was standing. He opened the passenger door, Kyra moving over, and he got in.
“So where we headed?” He smiled.
“Is that smile always on your face, or what?” Kyra looked over at him.
“Not always,” he still smiled.
“We’re going to Tiffany’s,” Ben answered his partner’s question. “Kyra found an address on her.”
“Good job,” Tom said to Kyra. “I didn’t find anything on her.”
“She likes to move around a lot, or at least she did,” Kyra said. It was awkward being between two men when she was half their size. “She was always taking off on Nicky when they were together. Hey,” she turned to Ben, “go to the diner. Micky told me the girl who came in said she’d come back later.”
“I don’t know….”
“Come on. I’ll talk to you the entire time on the phone, and you can park in front of the door so you can see me.”
“I’ll go in with her,” Tom chimed into the conversation. 
Ben turned the car around, “Fine, you win. If she hasn’t been though, right back out. No horsing around.”
“Promise,” Kyra smiled.
They pulled up in front of the door to the diner where she had worked since she was sixteen. Tom got out, letting her out too, but Ben grabbed her arm.
“Phone.”
She pulled it out of her pocket, dialing Ben’s number. When it rang, he gave her a nod.
“No monkey business,” Ben’s voice came over the phone.
She turned, smiling at him as she walked backwards, “I’ll use your words… trust me.” Tom opened the door for her and waited there as the petite woman went up to the counter only a few feet away. “You’re still working?” She called to Micky.
Micky turned, smiling, “Shauna called in, and I need the money.”
“I feel for ya.”
“Can I get you anything?” She glanced behind Kyra, leaning down and whispering, “Isn’t that the other one?”
“Is she always like that?” Ben asked her through the phone.
“I’ll introduce you later,” Kyra laughed, ignoring the man’s question. 
“And you’re still with the first hottie?”
“Hottie?” Ben’s voice again.
“Yah, well, now he’s decided he can’t let me out of his sight.” She nodded to the phone as she held it out for a minute. Micky laughed.
“Kyra.” 
“Ok…,” she said into the phone then looked at Micky. “Did that girl ever come back in?”
“Yah, she just walked out,” Micky looked out the window. “There, in that blue Cavalier going down the road.”
“Stay with Tom,” Ben’s voice came over the phone. “I’ll be back.” He hung up.
Kyra turned around in time to see Ben pulling out into traffic. Tom came over and sat down beside Kyra. 
“Can I get ya anything now?” Micky smiled. She was pretty, and not a lot older than Kyra. Tom might like her.
“How ‘bout a phone number?” Tom grinned.
“I don’t even know your name, Buddy,” Micky leaned down on the counter.
“Micky, this is Tom,” Kyra grinned. “Tom, meet Micky.”
“Nice to meet you,” the man still smiled. “Now we know each other, how 'bout a number?”
“Not yet, Cowboy.”
“Give me three sodas to go,” Kyra interrupted. 
“I know you want Pepsi. What about the rest?”
“Pepsi and Dr Pepper,” Tom answered before Kyra could.
Micky went to fix the drinks.
“Do you think she’ll give me a number?” He asked Kyra.
She grinned, “Don’t count on it.”
“But don’t I look trustworthy?” He held out his arms.
She laughed, “Somewhat, but she’s been through a lot in her life. It might take awhile.”
“Guess I just found a new lunch spot then.”
“Do you take anything seriously?”
“Only when I have to,” he leaned some to watch Micky. “If ya did it all the time then you wouldn’t have any fun. That’s what I’m trying to convince Ben.”
“Is her ass nice?” She tried not to laugh as she ran her hand in front of his eyes.
“Sure is,” He looked back at her, “so is yours.”
She turned away from him, “So you haven’t convinced Ben yet?”
“I don’t think he’s capable of it anymore.”
“We’ll see about that,” she smiled.
“I wish you luck. I’ve been trying for years.”
“How long have you known each other?”
“Since grade school,” Tom answered.
“He was uptight back then?”
“No,” he smiled at Micky when she brought the drinks back over. Kyra realized she didn’t have her purse. It was in the car with Ben, “I got it.”
“Thanks, when did he get like that then?”
“A few years ago….” He pulled out the money.
“What happened?”
“That,” Tom looked down at her, “he should be the one to tell you, not me. I need to shut-up.”
“He never tells me anything.”
Tom touched her chin, “You’re the one who needs protection, not him.”
“I don’t need protection.”
“Maybe you wouldn’t if you stayed put.”
She looked into the blue eyes, “Would you stay put if you were in my shoes, Detective?”
“Can’t say I would.”
“Would Ben?”
“I know for a fact he wouldn’t.”
“Then how can the two of you think I will?”
“There’s a difference, Kyra. We’re cops.”
“And that makes you better than me?”
“Not at all, but we know what we’re dealing with.”
“And I don’t?”
“Do you?” He looked at her.
“He’s back,” Kyra stood up, seeing the red car pull back in. 
Tom looked at Micky, “You got Kyra’s number?”
“Of course,” the lady answered.
“Give her a call when you’re ready to go out.”
“Come on,” Kyra pulled on his jacket. When he moved off the stool, she waved at her friend, “See ya later.” The pair went out the door; Kyra looked back at him for a moment, smiling, “Stop looking at my ass.”
“But I love to watch you walk away,” he winked at her as she opened the car door. 
“I know where she’s staying at,” Ben looked at them as they got into the car.
“Good, cause it took you long enough,” Tom teased as he shut the door.
“Shut up, Tom,” Ben returned. They pulled out of the parking lot. He turned, heading them out of the city. “What was that between the two of you?”
“Just some friendly flirting,” Tom winked at Kyra again. “Are you jealous?”
“No,” Ben replied quickly.
“So what’s the plan?” Kyra asked, thinking that the subject needed to be changed.
“I thought big man over there could work his magic,” Ben returned.
“That I can do,” Tom smiled.
“Then we can catch her by surprise with Kyra.”
“What?” She looked at Ben.
“You keep wanting to do detective work, so I’m putting you to work.”
“What am I suppose to do?”
“You’re the element of surprise,” Tom grinned.
“What does that mean?”
“You’ll find out later,” Ben glanced past her to his partner. “Tom, take it easy.”
“So I can’t sleep with her?” Tom asked, his eyes dancing.
“No,” the darker haired one answered, “just wow her. That’s it.”
“Whatever,” Tom looked out the window into the side mirror. “Do you see what I see, Buddy?”
“Sure do,” Ben answered.
“That truck was at the diner.”
“Noticed that,” Ben turned at the next road, picking up speed.
Kyra knew her way around enough to know they were headed for gravel roads. She turned in the seat enough to look behind them, and see the newer black truck following them. She saw something flash in the windshield, and heard a cocking of a gun beside her.
“Kyra, get in the back on the floor,” Ben said, as he made another turn onto gravel.
She turned back around, seeing the gun in Tom’s hand, “What are you going to do?”
“Shoot out their tires,” Ben answered. “Now get in the back.”
She looked at him, “No.”
“Now,” they both said, Ben pulling out his own gun.
“I can help,” she returned.
“What are you talking about?” He glanced at her.
“Let me drive,” she said as Tom rolled down his window and they went around a curve, sliding on the gravel from the speed.
“Are you crazy?” 
“Just let me drive,” she moved her right foot next to his. “I got it.”
He looked at her as he rolled down his window, “Are you sure about this?”
“You can’t shoot behind you and drive at the same time. You want me to trust you, so trust me. I got it.” She smiled.
He turned to face her in the seat as he moved his foot and she put hers there, the car didn’t even slow down. “It’s all yours,” He let go of the wheel as she placed her hand there.
Tom and Ben both leaned backwards out the windows then straightened back up. Kyra glanced out the rear view mirror as the person on the passenger side of the truck aimed a gun at them.
“Faster, Kyra,” Ben said.
She pushed on the pedal, even though there was a turn coming up, “Hold on!”
One of each man's hands came inside, just in time for the right turn she went flying around. The car went sideways, but she easily straightened it back up. She looked in the mirror to see the truck trying to make the corner like she had.
Four shots went off from above her, and the truck flipped. Both men started moving back in, and she moved so Ben would have room and could drive again.
“Hey, Cap,” Tom said into his phone. “We got two in a black truck out on one sixty-first…. Yep, bring an ambulance.”
Ben took the wheel from her, and the car picked up speed again. He smiled at her, “That was awesome driving.”
“Told you I could do it,” she smiled as she looked out the windshield.
“Yes, you did.”
“Who taught you to drive like that?” Tom asked.
“My brother,” she returned as they made their way back into the city.
“I just keep liking you more and more,” He put his arm across the back of the bench seat.
Kyra couldn’t help but laugh, and she heard Ben chuckle too.
It wasn’t long before they pulled into the lot of the small motel with rooms entered from the parking lot. Kyra had never been in one like this before. Ben pulled up under the canopy, “I’ll be back.”
He disappeared inside the office. “I love this stuff,” Tom said.
Kyra watched the man pay for the room, “What?”
“Undercover work, it’s the best.”
Ben came back out, moving the car in front of the room they were all going to share, “Our room’s right next door, Tom, so behave.”
They watched as Tiffany came out the door to her room, walking towards the office. Her once long blonde hair was cut at her shoulders. She didn’t even look at them.
“Is that her?” Ben looked at Kyra.
“Yep,” she nodded. “She looks better than the last time I saw her.”
“Let’s go,” Ben and Tom both got out. Kyra wasn’t sure what she was supposed to do. Then Ben turned around, holding out his hand to her. She moved over in the seat, placing her hand into his and he helped her out of the car. When she stood up, their bodies were only inches from each other. She looked up, meeting his eyes. A whistle tune reached her ears, and the next thing she knew, his lips were covering hers.
His hands wrapped around her waist as he pulled her closer to him, his tongue finding the parting of her lips. Her body instantly was awakened as she put her hands up into his hair, her fingers becoming buried in the brown locks. Fire poured through her as he kissed her deeply. It seemed as if he wanted to know every inch of her mouth. His hand slid up her back, pulling her into him even more.
“She’s gone now,” Tom’s voice came faintly to her ears. Ben didn’t stop, his tongue moved deeper into her mouth. “Hey guys…. It’s clear now…. Hello?”
Ben moved his hands towards her face, and she loosened her hold. He cupped her face as he slowly moved away from her. The two stared at each other for a minute. She wanted him to kiss her again, the look in his eyes said he wanted the same thing.
“Hello,” Tom snapped his fingers between them. “Work to do.”
Ben turned, running his hand down her arm until he reached her hand. He then covered it with his, leading her inside the motel room Tom had already unlocked.
“Shall I start my mojo now you two are done with your show?”
“Go ahead,” Ben answered, letting go of Kyra, and moving to the windows to shut the heavy curtains.
 She moved over and sat down in one of the chairs by the small table, kicking her shoes off. Tom left the room as Ben sat down on the edge of the bed. He turned towards the lady that was with them. 
“Sorry…,” he looked at her with the deep brown eyes. “We didn’t want her to recognize you, and it was the first thing that came to mind when Tom signaled she was coming back.”
His hair hung down in his eyes, and she fought the urge to reach over and move it. “It’s ok,” She whispered. 
“So,” he stood up and she could tell he was uncomfortable, “what do you want to do?” He walked towards the bathroom.
“Do you want to take me back?” She asked. “I’ll stay this time.”
“No,” he spun around to look at her. His eyes pierced through her. He lowered his voice, “No, I want you here.”
She was quiet for a moment, “Do you get chased a lot?”
He smiled, “Usually it’s the other way around, but you seem to make everything backwards.”
“How?” She looked at him as he sat back down on the bed.
“For starters, usually witnesses stay put and don’t argue. You, I have to keep chasing down.”
“You didn’t have to.”
“Was I just supposed to let you wonder around and get yourself into trouble?”
“I only went to the diner.”
“And to get a laptop.”
“I would've driven if you hadn’t taken my car.”
He laughed, “You would've gotten into more trouble.”
“I did a good enough job anyway,” she looked at the curtains.
“Why'd you keep leaving the hotel anyway?”
“You told me to stay put.”
“And that makes a difference how?”
She grinned, “I don’t like being told what to do.” She thought about the note, “What did they mean in the note?”
“What's that?”
“That the first one missed.”
He came over and sat across from her at the table, “I told you you don’t want to know.”
“I do,” she looked at him and he looked away. She watched as he looked out the window. She saw the corner of the cut on his arm, remembering his blood stained shirt and the gauze. “They shot at me, didn’t they?”
He looked at her as he let go of the curtain. 
“That’s how you really got hurt…. It hit you instead of me when you pulled me to the ground.”
“Kyra,” he reached across the table towards her.
She moved her hands before he touched her, wiping the tears from her eyes, “You got hurt because of me.”
“It wasn’t because of you,” his voice was low.
Her eyes met his, “Then saving me, is that worded better?”
“Kyra-”
She looked away from him again, deciding to change the subject, “What would you be doing if I wasn’t here?”
“I don’t know,” he moved back to the bed again, looking at her. “Probably setting in here by myself, watching TV or something.”
“That sounds boring.”
He smiled, “You’re telling me. I’ve done it more than once.”
“Do you always let Tom go?”
“Usually…. I’ve done it a couple of times. I’m not as good with the females.”
“Well, he hasn’t come back yet,” she looked down at her watch; it was already almost ten. “How long’s he usually gone?”
“Several hours.”
“So we have time to go do something?”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know,” she shrugged. “But anything would be better than just setting here.”
“I don’t know if we really should.”
She remembered how much fun she had playing pool with Nicky. They always loosened up, and the place they went to wasn’t too far from where they were now. “What if I know a safe place?”
“Like where?” He looked at her again. 
“Let’s go play pool. There’s a pool hall just down the road.”
“I haven’t done that in years,” he smiled.
“Good, you’ll have fun then,” she got up, slipping her shoes back on before grabbing his hand. “Come on.”
“How do you know it’s safe?” He pulled her back as he stood up.
She smiled up at him, “The owner’s an old friend of Nicky’s. We grew up together. Trust me, he keeps a close eye on everyone coming in there and has plenty of back up.” She was determined to get him to loosen up.
“I don’t know.”
“Come on,” she begged him. “Trust me, Ben. He'd never let anything happen to me.”
He slowly smiled as he looked down at her, “Fine, but don’t try to pull anything.”
“Like what?”
“Running off.”
“I cross my heart,” she made the cross shape over her chest. 
A few minutes later they arrived at the pool hall. There were only five other people in there. Nothing had changed since the last time Nicky and she had been here, but it hadn’t been that long ago. They would come here at least once a month, when life was getting too much of them. This time it had been more like a few months since they'd had the chance. She couldn’t help but wonder if it had anything to do with his secret relationship.
She smiled as she walked up to the bar.
“Kyra Baldwin!” The big bald man behind the counter greeted her. “I ain’t seen ya forever! Where ya been, girl?”
“Working,” she leaned over the counter to give her old friend, Alex, a hug.
“I just heard-” he whispered in her ear.
“It’s ok,” she sat down on the stool, Ben coming up behind her.
“You doing ok?” He glanced at Ben as he moved away from her.
“Hanging in. What about you?”
“Continuing to do exactly what he would want me too.”
“Good.”
“Ya know where I am if you need anything,” he touched her hand.
She grinned, “A phone call away…. Just like always.”
“Ya know it, babe,” he lifted her chin. He could always tell when she didn’t want to talk about something. “I'd of stole you away a long time ago if you weren’t so young.”
“Sure you would of,” she smiled.
He looked at Ben, “She’s a hell of a lady. You’re a lucky man.”
“We’re just…. Friends, Alex,” Kyra smiled, knowing Alex knew the man with her was a cop.
“Sure ya are. You might be now, but I can tell. You won’t end up like that…. So what can I get for ya tonight?”
“A couple beers would be great,” the dark haired beauty returned, looking up at Ben. He nodded. “And we’re going wear out your pool table.”
“Go right ahead, babe,” he sat the two drinks on the counter, popping one of them open.
“Thank you,” she winked at him, picking up the open beer. Ben picked up his, popping it open and taking a big drink of it as he turned to follow Kyra to a pool table. She sat the drink down on the railing of the table, beginning to set the balls up for the break. “Do you want to break?” She looked up at Ben.
“Sure,” he found himself a pool stick.
“Hey, Alex!” She turned to face the counter. “Where’s my stick?”
“Coming with it!” The man called back. He walked over to them, handing the pool stick to her. She always loved being around him. He had such a carefree attitude. He turned to the man that was taller than him. “Watch out. She’s a killer at this game. Nick taught her well.”
“I’ll keep it in mind,” Ben smiled.
“Good luck, Detective,” Alex patted him on the back as he walked off.
“Thanks,” he sat his beer down. He looked at Kyra as he lined up to make the break. “Am I really that obvious?”
“Think about it, Ben,” she smiled. “I just lost my brother, and now there’s a strange man with me. What would you think?”
 In one smooth shot, the balls went all over the table. One of each went into holes. “You got a point.”
“Solids or Stripes?” Kyra asked him. She was leaning with one hand on the table, the other holding the cue.
Ben looked at what was left and where, “Solids.” She watched as he leaned over, taking his shot. It went into the hole. He looked at her again, “But why would I have brought you here?” 
She smiled, “Alex knows me very well.”
He shot the next four into the holes before missing one, not speaking at all as he did so.
“Your turn,” he had been so serious, even at playing pool. It had always eased Nicky and her.
“Are you always like this?” Kyra looked at him.
“Like what?” His eyes met hers.
“You’re so serious,” she leaned down and took her shot. She looked back at him as the ball rolled smoothly into the hole. “Don’t you ever take a break?”
“From what?”
“Everything, Ben…. Loosen up,” she lined up her next shot before looking at him again. She watched his eyes follow the ball into the hole. “Life is fun… if you let it be.” She moved around the table, putting two more balls in. “You need to lighten up… and be spontaneous…. Just let it flow.”
“I am.”
“No you’re not,” she smiled up at him as she took the shot. “You’re too concerned about your job. You were so concerned about me being in danger, you came to get me every time I left. How aren’t you wrapped up in your job? I bet all you think ‘bout’s what case is next. You live and breathe your job, Ben Chamberlain.” She stepped up in front of him.
Only the eight ball was left for her to shoot in, “How do you do that?” He stared at the table then looked at her.
“Do what?” She grinned, already knowing what he was talking about.
“Casually walk around the table, not take any time to judge it, and still make the shot?”
She smiled, “Because I don’t care if it goes in the right place or not. It something called having fun.”
“But still.”
“It’s just a game….” She turned, looking out onto the empty area for dancing. “Do you dance?”
“That’s a change of the subject,” he looked at her and she noticed he'd finished his beer.
She walked over to the jukebox, picking out one of her favorite songs: ‘I Hope You Dance’ by LeAnn Womack, the music instantly starting. She walked back over to the man she came with. She took his hands into hers, pulling him towards the dance floor, “You got to enjoy life, not get wrapped up in it.”
She placed his hands on her hips as they stared into each other’s eyes, and put her hands on his shoulders. Slowly they started moving around. He was stiff.
“Ben, ease up,” she closed her eyes and leaned against his chest, “like when you kissed me.”
“I didn’t think when I did that, I had to do something quick,” He held her close to him, sliding his hands onto her back. His movements were beginning to loosen.
“Exactly… you didn’t think.”
She felt him laugh, “So I think too much?”
She looked up at him, “You do.”
“Maybe I can’t help it,” his eyes met hers.
“If I can do it after the life I’ve had, then you can too. Plus Tom told me you weren’t always like this.”
He was quiet for a moment, “I guess I wasn’t.”
“What made you change?”
He didn’t answer her, so she leaned back on his chest. But he had begun to loosen up as they moved slowly back and forth.
“You saved my life,” she barely whispered. “Did you think when you did that?”
“The only thing in my head was getting to you,” He whispered back, moving his hand up so it rested on the back of her neck.
She closed her eyes, letting the music and the way he felt take over her senses. She could hear his smooth heartbeat. He was so much bigger than she was, and she loved the way his arms felt wrapped around her. Her mind flashed back to when he had suddenly kissed her. It had taken her completely by surprise, but it had felt good… felt right. Her body had seemed to mold to his, and he had awakened something deep inside her she had never felt before.
She felt him lean down onto her head as the music changed but their bodies stayed moving back and forth together perfectly. His arms tightened around her, pulling her closer to him. She didn’t know what it was about this man, but he got to her too easily.
She felt his phone vibrate in his front pocket, bringing her back from her thoughts. She moved back from him. He looked at her with eyes that said he was sorry as he reached into his pocket, pulling out his phone.
“Hey,” he answered the phone. “We’re a little ways down the road at a pool hall…. Yes, I’m serious…. Ok…. Have fun…. Shut up, Tom.”
She grinned at him as he looked at her, hanging up the phone. “Do we need to go?”
“Not yet,” he reached out, pulling her back up to him, smiling. “I’m enjoying this.”
“But isn’t Tom waiting?” She looked up at him.
“No, and even if he was, he can wait longer,” he put his hand on her back. “I want to finish this dance.”
She leaned back against his chest, his hand sliding up her back to her neck. They rocked back and forth, not realizing the music had ended. Then the beat picked up, making them slowly move away from each other.
“We should go,” Ben said. 
Kyra went over, picking up the beer bottles, and her cue, taking them up to the bar to Alex.
“You didn’t stay long. Did ya enjoy yourself?” He asked.
She smiled, “Thank you, Alex.”
“Let me know if I can do anything for ya.” He gave the young girl a hug, kissing her cheek, “Anything at all.”
“I will.”
He let her go, “Come by more often, I’ve missed your beautiful face.”
She smiled, “I will.” She turned, walking back over to Ben. He placed his hand against the small of her back.
“Take care of yourself, babe.”
“Who’s that again?” Ben asked as they walked outside and got into the car.
“An old friend of my brothers,” she answered.
“He’s… different.”
“He’s the best,” she smiled as they pulled out. “He’s always had a way of making me smile when I’m upset.”
He glanced at her, “You were upset?”
“No, Ben,” she looked at her hands.
There was a moment of silence before Ben spoke again, “So, did I loosen up enough for you?”
She grinned at him through the dash lights, “It’s a start.”
“That’s it?” He raised his eyebrows, a smile on his face as he glanced at her.
“Oh, I know it’s in there somewhere. I just got to get you to let it out.”
They pulled into the motel, parking the car in front of the door to their room. They got out and went inside. Kyra laid down on her back on the bed.
Ben sat down on the end of the bed, leaning over to take his shoes off. “You know your question earlier?” He glanced over at her.
“Yah,” she leaned up on her elbows, her shoes already on the floor.
He leaned forward, turning on the TV then leaned back, moving up so his back leaned on the headboard. He stretched his long legs out beside her, “It was my parents and my brother.”
“Brother?” She didn’t remember seeing a picture of him on the desk.
“I know what you’re thinking.”
“You do?” She turned around so she could see him better, lying on her stomach.
“How come there wasn’t a picture of him on my desk.”
“Ok, so you do know.”
“I don’t need one…. I see him every time I look in the mirror.”
“You’re twins…?”
“We were…. They were killed.”
“Oh…” Her heart skipped, “I’m sorry.” No wonder he had been so sympathetic to her, and she had no right to go off on him the way she had in front of the funeral home. He knew perfectly what she was going through.
“It was a long time ago,” he brushed her chin, half smiling at her.
She rested her chin on her hands, looking at him, “What happened?”
“My dad was the captain at the station, and was getting ready to retire. He and my mom stopped at a gas station to grab a few things. My brother pulled in right behind them. They didn’t know someone came in to rob the place while they were talking. They caught the robber by surprise.”
“You don’t have to tell me anymore.”
“It’s ok,” he leaned over, towards her. “When it happened, my brother and I had just gotten out of the Academy only a few months before. I dedicated my life to finding the person who did it. Tom was at my side the whole time.”
“I’m guessing you found him?”
“Yep, and he was tried for the murder of two police officers, and a civilian, and for the robbery. He was sentenced the death penalty.”
Kyra didn’t know what to say. She couldn’t imagine losing her brother and her parents at the same time. She was only fifteen when her parents wrecked, and she didn’t know how she would have made it through it without having Nicky, and even Tiffany, “I don’t know if I could have survived that.”
“I had my sister,” he lifted her chin, seeing the tears in her eyes. “I don’t know how you are doing what you’re doing.”
“What do you mean?”
“You lost your parents, I know that. But now….”
She got what he meant, but she hadn’t really been alone. Only last night was she by herself. The rest of the time, she had pretty much been with Ben. That was the only thing she could think of. She always had Nicky. Now she had no one…. Except for this man that she had just met yesterday, a man that she didn’t really know, but felt like she had known forever.
“I didn’t mean to make you cry,” he carefully wiped her tears away with his thumb.
“No,” she set up, turning away from him, “It wasn’t you.”
“It was too,” he looked at her, carefully touching her back. “I know it was.”
“I’m ok, really,” she dried her eyes.
“I’m sorry; I shouldn’t have brought it up,” he leaned back.
“I’m glad you told me about your family,” she looked at him. “I understand you a little bit more now.”
He smiled, “How’s that?”
She leaned back down, “I know why you did what you did yesterday.”
“What did I do?”
“You let me go home, when you shouldn’t have.”
“I do a lot I shouldn’t with you.”
“Why do you do that?”
“There’s just something about you,” he grinned.
Chapter Five

Kyra had an arm wrapped around her, warmth from someone’s chest on her face, and the slow steady beating of a heart in her ear. She moaned at the wonderful feeling as she woke the rest of the way up. Her eyes flew open, and she set up. Ben quickly moved out of the bed from beside her.
It was a surprise finding herself in his arms. She wondered how she had ended up there. They must have fallen asleep watching the movie and waiting for Tom to come back. At least that was the last thing she remembered.
“I’m sorry,” Ben said quickly.
“No, I am,” Kyra returned.
“All I know,” Tom returned from the other bed, “is you two looked awful cute.”
They both looked at him, “Shut up, Tom.”
“Hey,” he sat up, revealing his bare chest. “I’m just making an observation.”
Ben grabbed the shirt off the floor, throwing it at his partner, “Cover up, man. We have a guest this time around.”
“Which you seem to be enjoying,” Tom pulled the shirt over his head, winking at Kyra.
“How’d it go with Tiffany?” Ben ignored his partner.
“Great, she’s a sweetheart.”
“What’s her story?”
“She heard her ex had died. She’s trying to get a hold of his sister. I don’t have pants on, Beautiful.”
Kyra spun around, facing the door.
“She agreed to meet us for breakfast.”
“Did you say anything about Kyra?”
“No, we agreed to keep that part for later. I’m dressed now, Beautiful.”
“Thank you,” Kyra walked over to the window, pulling the curtain back just enough to look out. 
“So what else did you do last night? When did you get in?” Ben asked.
“What does it matter? Jealous, big boy?” Tom grinned.
“Not in the slightest,” Ben returned.
“I bet not.”
“I wonder why.”
“Where are we supposed to meet her?” Kyra interrupted.
“At Denny’s,” Tom answered.
“Why?” The men said in unison, looking at her.
Kyra turned to look at them, letting the curtain close, “Her car’s gone.”
The men scrambled out the door, almost hitting the blonde’s car. Kyra picked up their shoes, slipping her own onto her feet. She met the men at the door, holding their shoes out to them.
“That was a mean trick,” Tom looked down at her as they both took their shoes.
“But it got ya’ll to shut up and in gear,” she smiled. “So let’s go.”
“Do you still like her?” Ben slid his feet into his shoes as the lady walked by to get into the car.
“Yah, I do…. And so do you,” Tom grinned. Ben stood, walking over to the passenger side to get in.
Ben sat down, leaning towards her, “That was pretty slick.”
She looked at his smiling face and couldn’t help but smile back.
They pulled into Denny’s, knowing Tiffany wasn’t there yet.
“So how are we going to do this?” Kyra asked.
“We could just let her walk in and see us,” Tom answered.
“And what if she sees me and runs?” She looked at Tom. “You’re the only one she knows to look for. She could feel like she’s getting set-up.”
“She pretty much is.”
“How ‘bout we put Kyra at a table alone?” Ben asked. “She’s not a threat to you is she?” He looked at Kyra.
“Doesn’t matter as long as you’re within sight of me.”
“I’ll never put you into a situation that’s dangerous.”
She looked at the brown eyes that were once again so serious, “Don’t swear to that. You may have to.”
“It’s not in my plans…. I’d figure something else out first.”
She looked away, “Tiffany’s never been a threat to me. She just broke my brother’s heart. I can’t see how she would be one now, but what if she runs?”
“Hopefully she doesn’t have a reason too. She was looking for you yesterday. We’ll just have to be ready in case.”
“Well,” Tom jumped in, “she should be here soon. So let’s go get set up.”
The doors swung open, they all got out and went inside. They were seated at a place for four, and ordered their drinks. They sat there, Ben beside her, his arm on the back of her chair, and Tom setting across from her. “When we’re done,” Kyra asked without looking at them, “can I go to the hotel or some place and take a shower?”
“That actually sounds good,” Ben replied.
“Sure does,” Tom agreed.
Their drinks were placed in front of them, the waiter looking at them curiously, “Are you ready to order?”
The three of them looked at him. Tom smiled, “We need a little longer, thanks.”
The little blue car pulled up and the waiter walked away.
“There’s our cue,” Tom stood up.
Ben cupped the back of her head and she looked into his eyes, “We’ll just be at the back of the room.”
“I’ll be fine,” she tried to smile, but she was nervous as can be. She hadn’t talked to this woman in years. The only reason she was now, was because Nicky was killed. “Go, before she comes in.”
She felt his hand on her shoulder for a moment. She watched as her former sister-in-law walked in the door. The woman looked so much better than she had five years ago when she had been strung out on drugs. She had been so skinny back then, you could see almost every bone in her body. Now though, the short blonde haired lady looked pretty again. Her face had filled back out, so her light blue eyes didn’t seem sunk into her head. She looked more like she had looked when she and Nicky had first started dating, just older.
“Kyra?” She asked as their eyes met. The waiter walked up, but she blew him off, “I see them, thank you.” And she came walking over to the dark haired beauty.
“Hi, Tiffany,” Kyra looked up at her as she sat down across from her.
“I almost didn’t….” But she had lost her words. Kyra noticed she looked sad. She smiled softly, “You’re even prettier than you were.”
“Thank you,” Kyra tried to smile back. “You look a lot better than the last time I saw you, too.”
“I got off the drugs…. Losing Nicky woke me up.”
“You could have come back.”
She shook her head, “It had gotten too bad between us…. I didn’t want to hurt him anymore, so I let him have his divorce.”
“He would have forgiven you, he always did….”
“Unless it came to you.”
They fell silent for a moment, “I heard you were looking for me.”
“I heard about Nicky…. I wanted to find you, make sure you were ok. The two of you were always so close….”
“I’m managing.”
“I know you better than that, Kyra.”
“I’m doing ok, Tiff.”
“You’re in denial.”
Kyra looked at her, their eyes meeting, “Maybe…, but right now I’m ok.”
“Can I ask what happened?” She was being polite, and she looked sincere.
“He was murdered,” Kyra just spat it out, fighting the tears threatening to escape. She watched as the other woman’s face went pale.
“That was what I heard; it’s just so hard to believe. Does anyone know who did it?” Her former sister in law said quietly, looking at the table. It made Kyra wonder how everyone managed to find out so quickly.
“That’s what we’re trying to find out,” Ben’s voice came from behind Kyra, making her jump. He placed his hand on her shoulder as he sat down beside her, Tom grabbing another chair and spinning it around backwards to sit in between the females.
Tiffany had the look of shock on her face as she looked at Tom, “I thought…. I can’t believe I fell for that. Why did you trick me?”
“I wasn’t trying to trick you,” Tom answered. “We had to find out if you were a threat to Kyra before we let the two of you meet face to face.”
“Why would I be a threat to her?” She looked back at Ben and Kyra, “So it was you two kissing in the parking lot?”
They both nodded.
She looked at her ex’s sister, “Did Nicky know you’re dating a cop?”
“I’m not,” Kyra answered, even though she knew Ben’s hand was still on her shoulder, and he was sitting where his body was turned to hers. “They’re investigating Nicky’s death.”
“Then why were the two of you kissing?” She asked.
“It’s not what it looked like,” the dark-haired girl returned.
 “I know exactly how it looked, Kyra.” She looked at the men, “And since when is it allowed to let someone else tag along?”
“That’s not the situation,” Ben returned.
“So am I a suspect? Is that why you did this to me?” She glared at Tom.
“We just needed to talk to you,” Ben looked at her, his hand slid down to Kyra’s back.
“You could have just brought me in for questioning. That’s what you’re supposed to do, right?” She looked back at him.
“Usually.” 
Tiffany turned back to Tom, “So why didn’t you just ask last night? I actually liked you.”
“Don’t hold it against him,” Kyra jumped into the conversation. She didn’t want her to hold it against Tom for protecting her. “Tom can be a good guy. He’s just doing his job.”
She looked back at Kyra, “You’re awful quick to defend him. You don’t even like cops. How well do you know them anyway?”
“Well enough,” she looked at her brother’s ex. “That’s all that matters.”
The coldness in her eyes made the blonde look down at her hands, “So, what do you want to know?”
Ben spoke this time, meeting the blue eyes, “We were told you were upset about seeing Nick with another woman.”
“I was.”
“Why?”
“For one, I never stopped loving him. It hurt.”
“And?”
“He was with one of them Martinez’s.”
Kyra instantly wished she had the picture of the girl with her.
“Do you know which one?” Ben continued.
Tiffany shook her head, “No. I don’t know any of them. There’s only a few I know the names of, and that’s because of the papers. But I’d seen the same girl with one of them a few times.”
“Who did you see her with?”
“Diego Martinez. They look so much alike you can tell they’re related.”
“How long ago did you see them?”
“The girl and Nicky?”
“Yes.”
She shrugged, “Maybe a month…. I wish I would have talked to him.”
“Where did you see them at?”
“They were at the store.”
“Are you sure they were together?”
“I know they were. They were holding hands and you could see it in their faces. He used to look at me that way….” She met Ben’s eyes, “The way you look at Kyra.”
“What about the car you borrowed from Dennis Harper?” Tom asked her.
“What about it?” She looked at the man next to her.
“Where’s it at?”
“I have no idea," Tiffany shrugged. "It was stolen when I went inside a gas station.”
“Did you call the police?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“It was Dennis’s car. I called him. He came and picked me up. I figured he would report it stolen, I didn’t think I could do it.”
“And when was this?”
“About a month ago. It was right after I seen Nicky. Why?”
“That was the car in the drive by.”
“What?” Her eyes got big. “You’re kidding me.”
“Not a bit,” Ben spoke again. “Will you take Tom back to the station?”
“I guess, why?” Now she just looked confused.
“I want you to look at a picture Kyra found.”
“And I want to talk to you,” Tom looked at her.
“Ok… I guess.”
Ben stood up, holding out his hand to Kyra. She took it, and they left the restaurant. He looked around them constantly as he led her over to the car.
“Do you think she was telling the truth?” Ben asked her when they got into the car.
“She seemed like it to me,” she looked over at him. “Why?”
“You’re the one who knows her best,” He pulled out of the parking lot.
“If it was five years ago, then I would say she wasn’t. But now, I believe she was.”
“Good enough for me.”
“Where are we going?” She asked as they headed back for town.
“To get your stuff.”
“Why?”
“You’re not going to stay there anymore.”
“Where am I going?”
“Some place safer.”
“That really clarifies it,” she looked back out the windshield.
“What do you want from me, Kyra?”
“How 'bout something besides half vague answers?”
He suddenly pulled the car over to the side of the road, making Kyra have to brace herself. He came to a stop and looked over at her, “What answers do you want?”
“I want you to tell me why, Ben. Give me answers instead of just saying I don’t want to know or not answering me. Stop being such a damn cop with me.”
He took a deep breath, “I don’t know where I’m gonna take you yet. But if Martinez is really involved in this, then it’s a lot bigger than it was. And they know where you are; have already sent you a note, which puts you in danger.”
“It wasn’t big enough already? My brother was shot down in front of his home… in front of me... of you. That isn’t big enough?” She looked at him, so much for them getting along.
“That isn’t what I’m saying, Kyra.”
“That is what you said. It’s bigger if the Martinez’s are involved.”
“It’s more dangerous if they are.”
“I don’t care who it was. It’s all the same to me.”
“You don’t get it do you?”
“You’re the one not getting it, Ben.” Frustrated, she turned away from him. “Just take me to get my stuff.” 
“Kyra.”
“Don’t bother, Ben.” She turned away from him more, “Let’s just go.”
He pulled back onto the road, speeding through the traffic so it wasn’t long before they were back at her hotel. She knew now Nick had been secretly seeing a Martinez. It pointed to being the same one she had been told about. But what could she do about it? It seemed no one wanted to let her do anything. She had already proved she could be helpful. She had been the one who made the link between the two.
Now she needed to stop being a sister and let the cops protect her. If she was in danger, these two cops were the best chance she had. And so far, they were the only ones who would listen to her and take her seriously. She should do the same for him.
“I’m sorry,” Ben said as he parked the car.
“Its fine,” she wiped her tears away as she turned to look at him. His soft brown eyes caught her by surprise, making the fact of sleeping in his arms pop into her head.
“I didn’t mean –”
“It’s really fine. Let’s just forget about it.”
“Are you okay?” He reached up to touch her.
She looked away, “I was just thinking.”
“That you want to tell me you told me so?”
She looked back at him as they both opened the doors, “No, I wasn’t going to say that.”
“I would deserve it,” he came around the car. “You were right.”
She grinned, “You were just being a cop.”
“Detective,” he smiled back teasingly.
“Fine,” she smiled at him as they walked inside, “a detective.”
“Miss Baldwin!” Marty came running around the front desk, Ben instantly moved in front of her.
Kyra moved him over, smiling up at him, “It’s ok.” Then she looked at the young man.
“Where have you been?” He reached them, taking a step back as he realized how tall the other man was. “We’ve been worried about you.”
“Why?” She asked as Ben moved behind her. She could feel his breath on the top of her head, the heat of his body against hers, and his large hand as it came to a rest protectively on her hip.
“You didn’t come back last night, and two very big men came asking about you.”
“You didn’t take them to her room did you?” Ben spoke.
“No,” Marty looked up. “No one here would have done that. But they left this message for you. I didn’t mean to look, but it fell on the floor.”
She took the paper from his hands. “It’s ok, Marty, thank you.”
“Let’s get to your room,” Ben’s hand tightened on her hip as he led her away. She could feel him looking around as they went up the stairs. She opened her door, and he slipped her quickly inside. Kyra went to set on the couch, as the large man walked through the room making sure no one else was there.
Kyra slowly opened the note.
‘Hiding behind a cop will do your nose no good Stop the snooping and he should do the same or you will both meet a fateful death’
This time it wasn’t just a threat to her, but to Ben too. Were these Martinez’s everywhere or what?
“What does it say?” Ben came back towards her. 
“Nothing good,” Kyra handed it to him, not wanting to read it again, especially not out loud. She covered her face with her hands.
“Tom, where are you at?” She looked up at Ben, seeing he had his phone to his ear. “Is she trustworthy to do what we want…? Good, we got another note…. Yep…. Ok…. Where do you want to meet…? Sounds good.”
He looked down at the green eyes as he hung up the phone. He sat down beside her, carefully touching her hand.
“I won’t let anything happen to you,” his voice was soft.
She let the tears fall down her cheeks, “How are you gonna do that if they kill you first?”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“How do you know?” She looked at him. “I’m sure my brother didn’t expect it either.”
“Kyra,” he reached up with his other hand, gently wiping the tears from her face with his thumb. His fingers rested on her cheek, cupping her face.
“You can’t promise me nothing will happen to any of us. By the time this is over, we could all be dead.”
“I can promise you I’ll die before I let anyone hurt you.”
“I can’t do that with anyone again. I don’t want to ever do that again,” she pulled away from him.
“I hope you don’t ever have too.” 
“I don’t want anything to happen to you because of me.”
“I’m a cop, Kyra. I’m used to putting my life in danger. I know each time I work a case, it could be my last.”
“But not because of me, Ben. You’ve already gotten shot because of me.”
He turned her face back to him, keeping her face in his hands, “It’s not because of you, and it only grazed my arm.”
“It doesn’t matter. If I hadn’t been there it wouldn’t have happened.”
“It was going to happen anyway, and it’s because of them. I promise you I’ll find them, and you’ll find Gabriela…. If I die trying.”
“That’s what I want to avoid. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if something else happened to you because of me.”
“Do you want to know how many times my life has been put on the line? Or how many times I have been shot?”
“You haven’t been a cop long enough to be that many.”
“Twelve times…. Twelve bullets have entered my body, and I lived through each one.” He leaned closer to her.
“That doesn’t make you invincible,” she was surprised it had been so many times.
“No, but I have an incredible will to live, and you have a will to argue,” His voice lowered. “I would do it a thousand more times to save you.”
“You can’t save everyone, Ben,” she whispered.
“No, but I did you. I’m not going to let anything happen to you.” He slowly leaned towards her.
“How many witnesses have you kissed?” She whispered.
“Only you,” he whispered back, his lips softly brushing hers. “And I shouldn’t be doing it now.” He stood up, moving away from her.
She felt empty now, like her soul had been ripped out of her when his hands and lips left her body. He confused her so badly, sometimes it was like he was there and others he remained distant.
“We’re taking you someplace else,” he said, not looking at her. “You need to get your stuff ready.”
“Ok,” she whispered.
“I need to go downstairs for just a minute and talk to that little guy at the desk.”
“Ben?”
His eyes met hers for a moment, “I’ll be right back.”
He walked out the door, and she got up to put all her stuff together. Looking at her unopened suitcase, she frowned, realizing she hadn’t even changed her clothes. She went to the closet, pulling her lock box down from the shelf. She put her laptop inside her duffle bag. There was a knock at the door, making her jump.
Surely, Ben wouldn’t have knocked. He would just come in. But then again, it was Ben. He seemed to like doing things you didn’t expect him to do.
She walked over to the door, “You don’t have to –” but she lost her voice when she pulled it open. A very large dark skinned man stood there. She wasn’t sure who would be bigger, him or Ben. He had a baldhead, and looked downright mean with the scar running across his eye.
When he spoke, his voice was even lower than she imagined possible. “I deliver message to you.”
She found her voice, letting out a scream as the man reached out, grabbing her around the throat. She felt his hand tighten, cutting off her air. She kicked, grabbing a hold of his wrist. She tried to remember the move her father had taught her long ago, but she couldn’t find the spot on the huge wrist. Everything around her started to turn black.
Then he suddenly let her go. She fell to the floor, gasping and rubbing her throat with her own hands as her vision slowly returned. She started coughing, and closed her eyes. 
“Kyra, talk to me,” Ben’s voice came to her ears. She opened her eyes as he lifted her up into his strong arms. She wrapped her arms around his neck.
The large stranger was lying on the floor in the open door way, blood coming from his head.
“Are you ok?” Ben asked as he sat her on the couch.
“I think so,” her voice came out horse. She couldn’t take her eyes off the man lying on the floor. “Is he dead?”
“Not by a long shot. I’m gonna get your stuff.” He stood up, going over to the bed. He finished stuffing things into the bag and zipping it up. He put the duffle over his shoulder and lifted the lock box and the suitcase in one hand. He came back over, grabbing her hand as he walked by. She went with him, her other hand still on her throat.
He led her over to the door then looked back at her, lowering his head to look at her eyes. “Listen to me, Ky…. Look at me.”
Her eyes met his.
“I want you to step over him.”
“I can’t,” she whispered. She looked back down at the motionless body.
“Look at me, not at him,” he waited for her to do so. “Step over him. I won’t let go of you. I promise. If he moves, I’ll drop this stuff on his head. Trust me, please.”
She nodded, taking a deep breath.
“Ok, now step over him. I won’t let you go.” He slid behind her, wrapping his arm around her after lifting it above her head. He held her to him as they stepped over the man; neither of their eyes left the man lying on the floor. They made it over, Ben unwrapped them, keeping her hand in his. They went quickly down the stairs, and across to the entrance.
“Marty, there’s a big black guy in the doorway.” He called as they headed for the door. “Leave him alone and stay out of his way if he wakes up before the cops get here.” Out the door they went. He opened the door of the car for Kyra, throwing the stuff into the back seat. He ran around the car, getting into the driver’s side. He started the car, going into reverse, and barely let the car come to a complete stop before he shifted, and pulled out into traffic, three police cars pulling in at the same time.
Tears filled her eyes as she looked at Ben.
He dialed a number, and held the phone to his ear, “They came this time…. She’s ok…. You got to be kidding me…. Fine…. Meet you there.” He hung up, dialing a number again. “Cap…. They tried to get her…. Strangle…. Yah…. See ya in a minute…. Thanks.” He looked over at the scared girl next to him. “We’ve got a plan. Just trust me, ok.” 
She nodded as they sped down the road. He grabbed her, gently pulling her over to him and wrapping his arm around her. 
She noticed he kept looking behind them, same as she was. Her hand went back up to her throat again as she thought about the man’s hand around her throat.
“Hey, we’ve got him,” he whispered in her ear. “He’s going to jail.”
“But there's more,” her voice still came out as a horse whisper.
They pulled into the parking garage of the police station. After going around a few turns, Kyra could see Cap waiting with Tom and Tiffany. Ben pulled the car to a stop as four other officers came out from the elevator. Two were male and two were female, and they carried bags. One of the guys had longer brown hair and the other was almost a buzz cut. They both grinned at her.
Cap came over, helping Kyra out of the car, as Ben went to the other side, grabbing the bags of hers from the back seat. He and Tom put them into the different car Kyra had never seen before. She noticed there were other bags in there too.
“I’m so sorry, Honey,” Cap gave her a hug. The female officers that had come out began to put on wigs making them look similar to herself and Tiffany. The plan started to form in her head as she nodded at her father’s old friend. “Can I take a picture of your neck, honey?”
She nodded again, and Cap took several pictures of the hand marks going all the way around her throat.
The man with the shorter darker hair looked at her neck, "Damn, you alright?"
She looked up into his blue eyes. He was handsome, just like Tom and Ben. She managed to nod.
"This is Danny Masters," Cap said and the man winked as he grinned. "And his partner Gabe McIntyre. They've been working with Tom and Ben on the case."
"Don’t worry; we got him locked up, okay?" Danny Masters grinned and she knew he was trying to reassure her.
She swallowed and tried to grin back though her body was still shaking some, "I hope he stays there."
"Me too," his blue eyes went to her neck again. "I might have to shoot him if he doesn’t."
“Damn, girl, the dude really got you,” Tom moved her dark hair to look at her neck. “That was just one hand? That dude was huge!”
“You’re telling me?” She whispered, pushing him. 
Tiffany came over, “Are you ok?”
Kyra nodded.
“Cap,” Ben came over to them, “We need you to call and postpone the funeral. Kyra can barely talk.”
“Not a problem,” The older man answered. “But how long can they preserve his body?”
Kyra tapped Ben on the arm to get his attention, so that she would be heard, “Had him cremated.”
“What made you do that?” Ben looked down at her.
Tiffany answered for her, “It’s what he wanted.”
“I’ll make the call,” Cap nodded. “You kids get out of here. I want you all safe.” He gave them all hugs. “Masters and McIntyre will distract. Be careful and watch your backs.”
“We will.”
They climbed into the 1980s green Cutlass, Ben and Kyra in the back, Tom and Tiffany in the front. The other four cops left. When they reached the edge of the garage, the two in the back ducked down until they were out of town.
“You have to be uncomfortable,” Kyra whispered, looking at her savior. His legs were bunched up in front of him. It was a big car, but there wasn’t a whole lot of room in the back seats, especially not when you were over six feet tall.
“I’ll be ok,” he smiled at her.
“Here,” she pulled her legs onto the seat, curling them in front of her, so he could put his feet on her side, to give him more room. It was the least she could do. This time he had definitely saved her life. That man would have probably killed her if Ben hadn’t come back upstairs when he did. She owed him her life.
“It’s a long ride,” he held out his arms. “You need to be comfortable too.”
She shook her head at him. She didn’t think it would be a good idea, not with the crazy way he messed with her head.
“Come on,” he smiled. “I promise I won’t bite, and it’s going to be a very long ride.”
She moved over into his arms, resting her back against his chest. She didn’t know what to think about this man. It felt so right being in his arms. She had loved being there when they were dancing, and she hadn’t slept that good in a long time. It would seem like he liked her, but then he would push her away.
Now she leaned against his chest as he sat sideways in the back seat of the car. One hand rested on his leg, the other was wrapped around her waist. He was resting his chin on the top of her head. 
She had just lost her brother, and now it seemed like her life had been flipped upside down. She had someone trying to kill her now, and everything pointed at the Martinez’s. She was being taken somewhere, even though she didn’t know where, with two men she didn’t know much about. She had just met them two days ago, and now her former sister-in-law was in the picture too.
Two days. It hadn’t seemed like two days had gone by since her brother was killed. It was going by so quickly. His funeral was supposed to be in two days from now and that would even have to wait.
“What are you thinking about?” He moved his head so that his words came out in a whisper by her ear.
It sent tingles down her spine, “Things.”
“Like what?”
“Everything that keeps happening.”
He took a deep breath, “I’m sorry.”
“For what?” She turned some to look at him, their faces only inches apart.
“That all this is happening to you.”
“It’s not your fault.”
“Some of it is.”
“No, it’s not,” she looked away from him. It wasn’t his fault; it was hers for not listening to him when she knew she should.
He was quiet for a minute, “You should rest your voice so it can heal.”
So she leaned against him, listening to the steady beat of the man’s heart. Everything that had happened over the last two days flowed through her mind. If she was dreaming, she wanted to wake up, but at the same time she didn’t. She just wanted certain parts to go away and disappear.
“Kyra,” her name was whispered in her ear. She opened her eyes, realizing she had dozed off. Ben’s breath tickled her ear as he whispered, “We’re stopping at the store. Do you need anything?”
“Bath stuff.” Not being able to do anything but whisper brought back what had happened that day, making her hand go to her throat again.
“I’ll take care of it,” Tiffany said from the front seat as the car came to a stop. She and Tom got out.
“Sorry about this,” Ben said breaking the silence of the car. “I was hoping it wouldn’t come to this.”
“Hiding?” Kyra asked; she went to lean forward so that he could move, but his arm tightened, holding her in place.
“Please don’t move away from me.”
“Sorry.”
“For what?”
“You’re having to hide.”
“It’s not your fault. I had the feeling you were in danger. I should have listened to it better.”
“I’m the one who snooped.”
“But I let you.” He leaned down into her hair, right by her ear, whispering, “And you should really let your voice rest so it can heal…. I’m so sorry for that too.” He touched her throat.
“No….” She shook her head.
“It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have left you alone. I should have waited and we should’ve gone down together.”
“Don’t blame yourself… you saved me.” She put her hand over his.
He kissed gently, right below her ear. Shivers went down her spine and she felt him smile, “It doesn’t matter what you say, I knew better, especially after that note.” He kissed there again, “I won’t make the mistake again.”
“Where we going?” She whispered, as she tried not to think about what he had just done to her and how badly she wanted him to keep doing it.
His smile stayed against her neck as he whispered, “I’ll tell you if you promise to stop talking and let your voice rest.”
She nodded; her eyes going closed as he kissed her ear. Tom and Tiffany came back out, putting the groceries in the trunk.
“It’s Cap’s cabin out in the middle of nowhere. Tom and Tiffany are going to be our outside link to the world. We aren’t going to be able to leave. It’s the only way we knew how to do it so they wouldn’t find you.”
The other two got into the car, and Ben turned his head towards the front of the car. Tom glanced in the back at Kyra and Ben then he put the car into gear and headed out of the parking lot, back onto the road.
By the time they reached the cabin in the middle of the woods, it was dark outside. Ben had been right; it was a very long drive. But they knew no one had followed them, and there was a truck out there if anything happened and they needed a vehicle. Tom and Tiffany weren’t going to be there the entire time. Cap had satellite hooked up where they had several channels, a landline, and the internet.
It was a one level cozy little place. There were two bathrooms, a large living room connecting with the kitchen, then a bedroom, and a laundry room. The place was quite large and beautiful with its vaulted ceilings. Kyra fell in love with the place instantly.
They carried in all the bags, and put all the groceries away in the cabinets and fridge. The men carried in the bags of clothes, putting the women’s into the bedroom. Tom and Ben were going to take turns staying up through the night to keep watch and make sure nothing happened.
Tiffany went into the kitchen to make everyone sandwiches for something quick to eat. Everyone was too tired to cook a bigger meal. She brought a plate full of the food out into the living room, placing it on the table. Everyone started eating. 
Kyra realized she hadn’t eaten all day, and she had only eaten once yesterday. She had been so hungry her stomach had begun to hurt. After eating, she sat there listening to the men talk.
“In the morning, Tiffany and I’ll go back and check on stuff at the station,” Tom said.
“We’ll be fine out here,” Ben replied.
“Are you sure you won’t get bored?”
“She brought her laptop and Cap has the net out here, so we should be ok. We can do some research to pass the time.”
“We can bring you guys out some more clothes and stuff whenever you need it. Just give us time to get out here. I forgot how far it is.”
“That’s for sure, try being in the back of the car.”
“You two looked awful comfortable to me,” Tom smiled, glancing at Kyra, but she looked away.
“I think it’s about time to hit the hay,” Ben ignored what his partner had said. “You and Tiffany need to rest for your drive back.”
Tiffany had already headed back to the room. Kyra stood; ready to go to bed herself. Ben and Tom looked up at her.
“Are you ok?” Ben asked her. He was sitting on the love seat that came out from beside the couch. Together it made a perfect L.
She nodded, remembering her promise to let her throat rest.
“If you need anything, I’ll be right here.”
She nodded again, heading to the room. She closed the door behind her, the nightlight put off enough light she could see the room, and that Tiffany was already asleep. The room was nicely decorated and the bed looked welcoming. She moved her suitcase to the chair, opening it. She pulled out her pajamas, going into the bathroom. 
She let the water pour over her head for a moment before she started to wash. Nicky flashed into her head, and she fought back the tears. She’d never been one to show much emotion, even when her parents had died. They had gone to a better place, a happier place with no pain and no heartache.
That place was where they watched over her, and waited for her to join them. 
She climbed out of the shower, pulling her pajamas on. Then she laid down in the bed. It wasn’t long before she dozed off. 
She woke up, not able to scream, her hand around her throat. She could actually see the man in front of her, reaching for her throat.
Chapter Six

She blinked her eyes, making the image disappear. She was in the bedroom at the cabin, out in the middle of nowhere. There wasn’t even a house within a five-mile range. She was alone in the room, and wide-awake. But she wasn’t alone; Tiffany was beside her, still asleep.
She got out of bed, opening the bedroom door. She could see Ben setting on the love seat. The TV was on, but she couldn’t hear any sound from where she stood. Her computer screen was lit up from the table in front of him. Other than that, the room was dark.
She wanted to go back in time and erase what had happen over the last few days. Go back, bringing her brother back, and being in the security of her own home. Only she didn’t want to erase Ben and Tom. She didn’t want to do all this. She didn’t want to be alone. 
Slowly she walked out, not wanting to go back into the room. She had barely gotten out of the doorway before Ben turned to look at her.
“Are you ok?”
“Couldn’t sleep,” she still whispered, but her voice didn’t seem as hoarse as it had, she stopped at the edge of the sofa, looking down at the sleeping Tom.
“Do you want to join me?” The man welcomed her to set with him.
She moved around the furniture so she could sit down, the computer monitor showing a newspaper article on Diego Martinez, “What are you doing?”
“Seeing what all I can find out on the family.”
“You really think it’s them?” She stared at the creepy man on the screen. It gave her a chill just thinking he was the one behind her brother’s death.
“They’re known for making people disappear, and they have gotten away with murder more than once.”
Then something in the picture caught her eye. She moved closer. Behind the man was a girl, and behind her was the man who had tried to kill her, “That’s him.”
“What?” Ben leaned forward, looking at the screen.
“That man,” she pointed at the person in the picture. “That’s the person….” She touched her throat, tired of trying to get out her words.
Ben looked closer at the picture. She had seen the man face to face. She watched him as he grabbed the notebook and pen he had out, and begin writing.
“Don’t they have him already?” She asked.
“They brought him in right after we left. But I want to know anyone that’s been associated with the Martinez’s, and how they’re connected. I want to know everything we may be up against.” He looked at her after saving the picture putting the attacker and Martinez together. “You should be resting.”
She quickly shook her head, “No.”
“What happened?”
“I saw him… in the room.”
He gently touched her shoulder, “He’s in jail, Kyra. He can’t hurt you now. Plus we’re out in the middle of nowhere. There’s guns all over this place.” He paused, reaching over and touching her cheek, “I’ll protect you.”
“I don’t want to go back in there.”
“Then stay with me,” he slightly smiled. “I don’t mind having some company.”
She laid down on the cushion. She was small enough that with her legs curled, she fit perfectly. She rested her head on a pillow beside his leg.
…..oooooOooooo…..

Ben watched as the beautiful lady dozed off to sleep beside him, her head resting on the pillow beside his leg. By the way she had acted; he knew she had probably dreamed about being choked.
He wanted to kick himself in the ass for that one. It was his fault it happened. It shouldn’t have happened. He never should have left her in the room alone. She had overwhelmed him in every way and he needed to get away from her so he could think. He had been talking to the little Marty guy when he felt in his gut he needed to go back to her. He told the man to call the police and rushed back upstairs as she had let out that horrible scream.
A scream he never wanted to hear again. 
He reached down, carefully moving the black hair away from the beautiful face. If he had waited a second longer, then she might not be here now.
“You got to enjoy life, not get wrapped up in it.”
Her words rang in his head. She was right. He hadn’t slowed down and just lived since he had lost the biggest part of his family. He had thrown himself into his job. He caught the man who killed them. Him and Tom had hunted down and caught a serial rapist, which got them the promotions. They moved up the ladder quickly. He didn’t slow down.
She was right. He ate, drank, and breathed his job.
He had lost one woman over the obsession. He wasn’t going to lose this one, if he managed to get this one, anyway. There was something about her; he hadn’t been able to get her out of his head since he had looked into her eyes at the Diner.
If anyone could get him to loosen up, it was her.
“If I can do it after the life I’ve had, then you can too.”
He knew her parents had died when she was young. It was hard enough on him when he was twenty-seven. He couldn’t imagine still being a teenager and losing them. But what else had she been through besides what had just happened?
He wished he could get inside of her pretty head.
His mind flashed back to the motel, when he had kissed her on impulse. They hadn’t wanted Tiffany to see her yet. As Kyra had gotten out of the car beside him, Tiffany had come walking back up the sidewalk. He didn’t know what else to do besides grabbing her and kissing her.
But then he hadn’t wanted to stop.
Her soft lips had sent something through his body he hadn’t felt in a very long time. He had been with plenty of women, but not one had done that to him.
“Exactly… you didn’t think.”
His mind went to the car, when he had kissed her neck. He hadn’t actually meant it that way, until he felt her shiver from it. It seemed, the more he was around her, the more he couldn’t get enough of her. He was addicted, and he shouldn’t be.
He shouldn’t be feeling anything towards her. He shouldn’t have the desire to pull her into his arms and make her his, even when they were fighting.
He smiled, thinking about how she looked mad.
He shouldn’t care about her in any way, except to protect her. That was all there was supposed to be. She was the witness still in danger, and he was supposed to protect her. End of story.
But it wasn’t that simple this time.
They were stuck here together now. Stuck in a cabin where only three other people knew where they were, stuck alone. How was he going to be able to control himself now?
“Good morning, Benny.”
He turned his head towards the sofa to see his partner setting up.
“Morning,” he looked out the window to watch the sun beginning to come up between the trees.
“You’ve been up all night?” Tom asked as he stretched.
“I dozed here and there.”
“Damn,” the blonde man saw the sleeping woman. “Didn’t know she was there.”
“She just went back to sleep a little while ago.”
“She having dreams?”
“I think so, but she wouldn’t really tell me.”
“Are you two going to be ok out here alone?”
“I got plenty to protect us with. Cap has this place all decked out.”
“Does she know how to shoot?”
“Her dad was a Captain, Tom. I’m sure she does, but I’ll make sure she’s not rusty.”
“I’m sure you will,” his friend smiled at him. Ben gave him a dirty look. “Oh, come on man, you’re setting there playing with her hair.”
Ben looked down at his fingers that had been steadily running through the soft black hair. He quickly moved his hand, carefully leaning forward.
Both men turned to see the blonde female coming out of the only bedroom.
“Morning, guys. Where’s Kyra?” She smiled as she walked over to the edge of the couch beside Tom. “Oh,” she looked at the sleeping girl as she leaned on the arm of the couch. “What’s on the board for today?”
She was a pretty woman too. But she didn’t hold a candle to Kyra, at least not in Ben’s mind. She was perfect for the ladies he used to use for the night though. Before he saw Kyra that day, this woman would have made his eyebrows rise.
“We’re going to head back,” Tom answered, tilting his head towards her.
“When?”
“As soon as you are ready.”
“What about breakfast?”
“We’ll stop and get something.”
The lady got up, going back to the room.
“What was that?” Ben looked at his partner.
“What?” Tom grinned. He was watching the girl go back to the room.
“You slept with her, didn’t you?”
Tom looked back at the man who had been his best friend for years, “So what if I did?”
“No wonder she was so pissed at you.”
“She got over it pretty quick.”
“You’re unbelievable.”
“Like you wouldn’t of done the same thing.”
Ben decided to change the subject, “Did she recognize Gabriela?”
“Said it was the same girl she seen him with.”
“So Baldwin was involved with a Martinez.” He looked down at the sleeping lady that had been right once again. Maybe he should listen to her more. “We need to find out everything we can about her, Nick, and the Martinez family. I got a picture putting Kyra's attacker with Diego Martinez.”
“Do you really think we can do this?”
“Do what?” He looked up at his friend.
“Bring down the Martinez clan without getting ourselves killed?”
“If we do it right and are careful.”
“Ready,” Tiffany came back out.
“I’ll call you when I get to the station,” Tom patted Ben on the shoulder as he got up. “Watch your back.”
“Same to you,” Ben listened as the front door shut. Then he heard the car fire up, pulling out of the driveway. They were alone now, just him and the sleeping beauty lying beside him. He looked down at her. His fingers gently moved her hair off her neck, making her move slightly and let out a small moan.
He could still faintly see the hand print around her neck. He gently touched the mark, feeling a sweep of anger rush over him. He wanted to kill the man for hurting her like that, and he wanted to kill Diego Martinez for ordering it. He wanted him dead for causing her so much pain and heartache, for taking her life from her.
He leaned his head back on the cushion, closing his eyes.

….ooooOoooo.…

Kyra woke up with Ben’s hand on her shoulder. She slowly moved from her side to look up at him. His eyes were closed, so she slowly moved to get up, trying not to disturb him.
“Good morning,” Just the sound of his voice made her tingle.
She turned, looking into the wonderful brown eyes. “Morning,” her voice sounded better now, almost back to normal. “Are you hungry?”
He smiled as he lifted his head from the couch, “I am, but can I help?”
She smiled, “I got it; I love to cook.” She stood to go to the kitchen, happening to glance out the back doors. “Wow,” she whispered walking over to them, seeing the large pond almost as big as the house. 
“It was too dark to see it when we got here,” Ben came up behind her.
She felt her breath catch for a moment as she felt him against her, her mind flashing for a moment to the backseat of the car. “It’s beautiful,” she whispered.
“The water should be nice and warm too.”
She turned away from the view, finding him standing right behind her. She looked up, their eyes meeting. “I should fix breakfast,” she moved away from him and into the kitchen finding pans to cook in. She started the eggs and bacon in separate pans, glancing at the man still in front of the doors. “Has Tiff and Tom left?”
“They headed back to town early this morning.”
“Have you heard from them?” She glanced over at the man again.
He looked down at his watch, “They haven’t made it yet. Tom said he’d call when he got to the station.” He turned, walking up to the counter, “This smells so good. Is there anything I can do to help?”
She gave him a grin, handing him the bread, butter, and a knife. He was already by the toaster.
“Thank you.”
She scooped the food onto two plates, setting them on the counter. Then she walked around, setting down on the stool beside the man. “How long are we going to have to be here?”
“I don’t know.”
She took a bite of her food. “So what can we do?”
He smiled as he finished the toast, “I have a few ideas.”
“Like what?”
“You’ll see,” he looked over at her.
After they had finished eating, Kyra went to change her clothes. She looked through her bags to see what all Tiffany had grabbed for her. She found her swimsuit and pulled it out. A dip in the lake sounded great. It almost felt like she was back in the country at her parents’ home. She slid on a tank top and a pair of shorts over the top of the two pieces, finishing with her tennis shoes. She brushed out her hair, pulling it up into a ponytail. Ben was sitting on the couch when she came back out.
His hair was wet from a shower, and he had on a tank, but was wearing jeans. His wet hair hung by his eyes tempting her fingers to touch it. She could smell him from the bedroom doorway. She breathed in deeply to take in the fresh scent as she headed to the living room.
“Do you feel better?” He asked, smiling as he looked up at her.
“I do, actually,” her voice had improved more. Hopefully soon, it would be completely back to normal. She had avoided looking in the mirror because she hadn’t wanted to see if there was bruising on her neck. “So what are these plans?”
His smile grew as he looked back at her, “Curiosity getting the best of you?”
“Nope,” she grinned back. “I got a few of my own.”
“Really?” He raised his eyebrows at her.
“Sure do,” she slid her shoes off.
“Like what?”
“Um,” she backed up towards the door as he stood up. She pulled the door open as he came chasing after her, running for the water as she pulled her tank off. They were both laughing as they hit the water and he grabbed her around the waist. 
They came back up, he shook his head, and she wiped the water from her face.
She could still touch the bottom, but the water hit her at the chest, and he kept himself lower than if he had actually stood. A huge grin covered his face as he moved towards her. She splashed him, moving farther back.
He laughed as he reached out, grabbing her shorts and pulling her back to him. She laughed as he held her with his hands on her hips. 
“This was one of them ideas?” He grinned.
“Sure was.” The smile felt like it was permanently on her face.
“How ‘bout this one?” His hand went to her head as he let her go and dunked her under water.
She came back up, wiping her eyes, “That’s how you want to play?” She jumped forward, dunking him and they both went under. 
They came up, and he wrapped his arms around her waist, shaking the water from his hair as she wiped her face back off. Without even thinking, she wrapped her legs around his hips to help hold her up.
“Cheater,” she laughed.
He smiled, “How’s that?”
“You got me out where I can’t touch.”
“Maybe I got you right where I want you.”
“Oh, really?” She leaned back, but he didn’t let her go far before he pulled her back to him, her legs never leaving his hips.
“Maybe,” he held her back to him.
She moved the wet hair from his face, “Maybe… you should let me go.”
“Probably.”
“So why don’t you?”
“Maybe… I don’t want to.”
She smiled, moving her hands to his head, lifting herself with her feet off his hips, dunking him again. She moved away, treading the water to stay up. She waited for him to come back up, but she couldn’t find him. There weren’t even bubbles from him letting air out.
“Ben?” She looked around, searching for any sign of him. Then she felt his hands on her legs as he came up, throwing her through the air. Her scream and laughter filled the air before she went back under again. 
Before she came back up, she felt his arm wrap around her, pulling her back up and over through the water. The air hit her face and she opened her eyes, finding Ben’s smiling face. 
“That was cruel,” she put her hands on his shoulders.
“How?” He smiled.
“I thought something happened to you.”
“You weren’t worried about me were you?”
She wrapped her legs around his waist, “Actually, yes.”
“How sweet.” Sarcasm filled his voice.
“Smart ass.” She splashed water on him, and he laughed. She looked around at the trees that surrounded the pond. “We need a rope.”
“For what?”
“To swing off of, silly.”
“Swing?”
She looked back at him, “Into the water. Haven’t you ever done that?”
“Sure, when I went to Tom’s and went to the creek.”
“Nicky and I used to do it all the time. But apparently Cap doesn’t have any kids.”
“Nope.”
“That sucks,” she pushed away from him. “We’ll just have to make one then.” She started moving back to the edge of the pond.
“How’s that?”
She looked at him, swimming backwards as he followed her, “Surely there has to be some rope around here somewhere.”
“Maybe in the barn,” he easily kept up with her.
They hit where she could easily reach and she walked the rest of the way out.
“Come on,” he took her hand, leading her around the house and to the barn located in front. “Watch your step,” he said as they walked inside.
She started looking around. You could tell the place belonged to either a hunter or a cop. There weren’t the usual barn items; instead, there were stacks of targets and clay pigeons for shooting at. The smell was familiar to her, reminding her of her father’s barn. But at least they had feed for the animals in there too.
“Here we go,” Ben’s voice reached her ears, and she turned towards him. He had a long, thick rope wound and draped over his shoulder.
She smiled, “I saw the perfect tree.”
They went back around the house, and a short way around the pond. She climbed up into the tree, feeling like she was a teen again.
Ben climbed up behind her, “I take it you’ve done this before?”
“Many times, Nicky and I had them hanging all around our pond.”
He looked at her curiously, “A pond in the city, huh?”
“No,” she laughed. “We grew up out in the country. Nicky bought the house when him and Tiff got married. After the wreck, I moved in there with him.” She held onto the rope as he dropped it towards the water, moving out on the thick branch. “We had a huge pond we were constantly in.”
Ben started tying the knot in the rope to hold it safely to the tree. “Sounds like a good childhood.”
“It was great. We even had a tree house dad built for us out in the woods that was huge.”
“I had one of those.”
“I bet you hid in it too.”
“I did, but they always found me.”
“My hiding place was better. Only Nicky knew where it was.”
He finished the knot, then moved back to her, handing her the rope. He took off his wet tank, and she noticed the scars from bullet wounds.
“Did you always want to be a cop, Ben?” She looked at him as she pulled the rope up through where the limbs of the trees divided.
“For as long as I can remember.” 
“Do you think it was because of your dad?”
“Never really thought about it,” he looked out at the water.
“I’m betting it did,” she jumped, swinging through the air. She let go, dropping into the water. She came back up, laughing, watching as Ben grabbed the rope as it swung back to him. She swam back out of the way, giving him room.
He jumped, repeated what she had done, but when he came up, he had his arm wrapped around her.
“We’ll both drown,” She moved the hair from his eyes.
“You don’t have faith I can keep us both up?” He smiled.
She could feel the water moving against her back as he moved them slowly towards shallower water, “The last thing I doubt is you.”
“And to think… three days ago you didn’t like me.”
She smiled, “I’m still debating.”
“Oh really?” He put his feet on the ground under the water.
Kyra wrapped her legs around him again, her hands on his shoulders. She looked at one of the scars there that had been covered by his tank. She carefully traced it with her finger. “Twelve times,” she whispered.
“Would you like to see all the scars?”
“I saw several when you took your shirt off,” her eyes met his. “I don’t need to see them all.”
“You’re curious though, aren’t you?” He smiled.
She looked back at the scar, “Maybe a little.”
“That one…, I somehow managed to get hit in the same spot twice.”
“Really?” She looked at him. 
“Sure did,” he moved them around slowly in a circle.
“So that’s two,” she moved her hands to his neck.
“Once in each arm.”
“Including from me?”
“It wasn’t from you, Kyra, and no,” He looked at her.
“Four.”
“In the back on the shoulder, and three times in the legs.”
“Eight.”
“My abs, and twice in the back.”
She smiled, “That’s eleven, where’s the last one?”
“I was shot in the foot.”
“That had to suck.” She wrinkled her nose.
“They all pretty much sucked.”
“But you would still do it all over again, wouldn’t you?”
“Maybe a different way, so I don’t get shot.”
She smiled, “How many people have you saved?”
“I don’t know.”
“You kept track of your wounds but not how many saved?”
“The wounds are a lot easier to remember.” He looked at her. “But I can tell you two I’ve saved.”
“Who?”
“Tom and you,” he reached up and touched her nose.
“How did you save Tom?”
“We were closing in…. Tom took the front and I took the back. When I came in, the guy had Tom as a hostage. I had to shoot him or lose my best friend.”
“Did he die?”
He looked away for a moment.
“I get it.”
He looked back at her.
“I would've done the same thing, Ben.”
“It was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done.”
“But it would have been worse if he had killed Tom. Then he would still be gone, and you wouldn’t have Tom either.”
“I know.”
“Tom would've done the same for you.”
“He has,” his eyes met hers again. “When I was shot in the back, it almost killed me. He killed the man that shot me.”
She thought it was time to change the subject some, “Did you and Tom grow up together?”
“We met when he moved here in middle school.”
She smiled, “That’s a long friendship.”
“It is,” he smiled back. “We were inseparable from then on.”
“I bet that drove your girlfriends crazy.”
His smile grew, “They didn’t always like it.”
“I can imagine.” She realized she was playing with his hair that was just about dry from the sun. “But it’s good to have a true friend like that.”
“Don’t you have any?”
“Micky…, at work, is the closest to it. She’s a year older than me, but her family was the closest neighbor we had. She came over a lot.”
“What about the ones your age?”
“After my parents died, I pretty much withdrew from everyone. The friendships didn’t last through it.”
“That wasn’t very nice of them.”
“Maybe not, but I can’t say they didn’t try.”
“Why did you push them away?”
“I didn’t want to be close to anyone…. I was afraid of losing them. Micky’s the only one who never gave up, and I think it’s because she was always around so their deaths hurt her too. She was a part of our family just like Alex was. So I had her, Alex, Tiff, and Nicky. I didn’t want anyone else.”
“Is that why you never talked to your neighbors?”
“Pretty much…. Anita just didn’t give me a choice, especially after Tiff disappeared. She helped me with cooking and stuff.”
“She was a good friend then.”
“I suppose,” She laid her head down on his shoulder.
His hand slid up her back until it hit the ties of her swimming top, she felt his face move as he smiled.
She jumped, pushing away from him, “Don’t you dare!”
“I would never,” his smile grew as he moved towards her.
“You just admitted you were thinking it!” She laughed, splashing him with her feet.
He grabbed her foot, pulling her back to him as she struggled to get away.
She laughed as he put his arms back around her, “I swear I’ll beat you if you do it.”
“Sounds interesting.” There was an extra glint in his eyes. “But I promise I’ll be a perfect gentleman while we’re here.”
“You shouldn’t make promises, Ben.”
“Why not?”
“What if you can’t keep it?”
“Is that a challenge?”
“Just an observation,” she smiled.
He spun her around, and she leaned back letting the water run over her skin. A thought went through her head, and she pulled herself back up to him, the smile gone. 
“What about Tom and Tiff?”
His smile faded, and they hurried out of the water, heading for the house. The back door was still open, Ben headed for his phone on the table.
Chapter Seven

Ben picked up his cell phone, hoping he would have a signal. There were two bars. He dialed his partner’s number.
“Hey ya, Ben,” Tom’s voice came happily over the line.
“Where are you?” Relief flowed through him.
“Heading back to the station.”
“You should've already been there, hours ago,” Ben took a towel that Kyra handed him.
“We had to make a pit stop, ya know what I mean.”
“Tom, I’m going to shoot you.”
“Come on now.”
“You freaked me out.”
“We’re fine, and almost back to the station.”
“Better be.”
“About thirty more minutes.”
“No more pit stops.”
“Do you want me to call you when we get there, honey?”
“Shut up, Tom.”
“And hey, I tried to call. Where were you?”
Ben took a deep breath as he thought about holding the girl so close to him. It had taken everything he had not to kiss her, “In the pond.”
“You were in the pond?”
“Shut up, Tom.”
Tom chuckled, “Talk to ya soon.”
They both hung up.
“Are they ok?” Kyra looked over at him.
“They’re fine.”
“So you freaked out for nothing?” She smiled; she had already changed out of her wet clothes.
He smiled back, “Pretty much…. You’re the one who brought it up.”
“And just when I got you to loosen up,” she winked at him.
He looked at her smiling face. She was so beautiful and it took his breath away. How was he ever going to survive this without totally taking advantage of the girl? It took everything not to do anything when they were in the water. 
“What’s the matter?” She looked at him, confused.
“Nothing at all,” he smiled.
She pushed him gently as she smiled, “Go get dry, and I’ll make lunch.” She walked off into the kitchen.
He went into the extra bathroom where he had his bag, quickly pulling the wet jeans off and replacing them with dry ones, and a new shirt. He threw the wet ones in the laundry room as he went back to the living room. He sat down on the couch, pulling her computer over to him and turning it back on. 
He wondered what his life would be like if he hadn’t became an officer. He always liked his life, at least until now. He wished he had met Kyra a different way. But how would that have played out?
Her life wouldn’t be in danger.
They wouldn’t be in the middle of nowhere, hiding.
What all had happened to her in her life? He knew she didn’t like or trust cops of any kind. He thought she trusted him now and maybe Tom. But what had happened to her that could have made her despise them so much when her father had been one? There wasn’t a record on her or Nick….
“What are you doing?” The sweet voice came from behind him. 
He realized he was looking at the screen saver on the computer. He looked up at her, trying to smile, “Just thinking.”
He watched her small body walk around the couch, setting down to face him, “About what?”
“The things life deals people.”
She half smiled, “That’s the way it works. You can’t do anything about it.”
“If only I had a time machine.”
She smiled that wonderful smile lighting up her eyes, “I wouldn’t let you change anything.”
“Why not?”
“Because….” The smile faded.
“There’s nothing you’d want to change?”
“There’s plenty of stuff I’d love to go back and do over again. But what difference would it make?”
“Could make a big one.”
She shrugged, “Keep my parents alive just a little longer? Same with Nicky…. But then would he have met the girl he apparently was in love with…? That would’ve been a tragedy.”
“True.”
“And if you changed your life, would you have been walking down my street to save me?”
“I don’t know.”
“What I think, is I was meant to meet you.”
“Think so?” He slightly smiled taking in all of her beauty.
“I do…. We kinda met at the Diner…. I just don’t know why.”
“I don’t either.”
“But I’m glad I did,” she smiled at him.
“Me too…, I would rather it have been under different circumstances.” How had this girl become so wise in her twenty-three years? He was thirty and he felt like he hadn’t learned anything. 
“If it was, I hate to admit it now that I know you better… but I probably wouldn’t have given you the time of day.”
“Cold and distant,” he smiled, thinking about how cold her eyes had been. “Just like when I met you.”
She smiled a little, “I was wrong for saying that.”
“What?”
“That you're just like the rest of them, you aren’t.”
“Changed your mind, did you?”
She smiled, “Maybe just a little, but I didn’t mean it when I said it. I was mad.”
“I know,” he winked at her.
“And I shouldn’t have said what I did at the funeral home.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
She looked at him for a moment before she spoke again, “Why did you become a police officer?”
He looked over at her, surprised by the sudden question and the change of subject, “I guess it was because of my dad. It intrigued me. I loved the thought of the pursuit. Of hunting down and finding the criminals, putting them away so they couldn’t hurt people anymore.”
“Do you regret it?”
He looked at her for a moment. If he hadn’t become one, he never would have met her. How could he regret that? “Not really.”
“You like doing it?”
“I did,” he said without thinking.
“Are you having second thoughts?” She cocked her head at him.
“I guess I am.”
“What would you have done with your life if you didn’t go to the academy?”
That was a good question. He had even gone to college for criminal justice, “I don’t know. I always wanted to do this.”
“What does your sister do?”
He looked at her, surprised, again, by her question, “She’s a nurse.”
“Your mom?”
“She was a nurse.”
“And your brother was an officer too?”
“Yep…. Why are you asking all that?”
She grinned, “Your father loved his job, and so did your mother…. They passed the love to you children.”
He understood now, “Then why didn’t you or Nick become an officer?”
“I wanted to, grew up wanting to…. Nicky used to be the bad guy, just so I could catch him.” She smiled some. He knew she was thinking about it. The smile faded, “Even when I became a teenager it was what I wanted to be. I was always at work with Dad. I’d go straight there after school, and spend the days there on the weekends. I lived for it.”
He watched her wipe a tear away, but he didn’t want to interrupt her.
“I had everything memorized; I could even read someone their rights to the tee. I'd read all the books, knew all the rules and regulations. My dad told me I wouldn’t have any problem passing the Academy. He said… I was going to be the station’s first female captain.”
She looked down at her hands, and he fought the urge to pull her into his arms.
“Then they wrecked…. I knew it wasn’t an accident. I could feel it inside me, but no one would listen…. No one cared what the fifteen-year-old girl thought, except for your captain. I went to the station every day for months after that, trying to convince them. He tried to find the evidence, but he couldn’t.”
“You lost faith in the system.” He probably would have too, but he also knew how hard it was to prove a car accident wasn’t an accident. He knew now why she was so against the police, why she had been so cold and not trusting.
She nodded, “I'd only gone back there once after that until you took me there.”
He gave in, reaching up and wiping the tears from her face as they sat there in silence. “Now I understand you a little better.”
“What do you mean?” She looked at him.
“When I met you… I wondered why you were like that to me. I know now it was because I’m a cop.”
“I didn’t trust you because of that…. But I was wrong.”
“You wasn’t wrong, you had no reason to trust me.”
“I was still wrong.”
“Do you trust me now?”
Their eyes met, “I do, but you confuse the hell out of me.” 
“How’s that?” His curiosity peeked, but his phone rang. He groaned as he picked it up. This was bad timing, “Chamberlain.”
“Hey, Benny!” Tom’s voice greeted him. “Guess where I’m at?”
“Hopefully where you were already supposed to be.”
“Sure am, thought you’d be proud.”
“Whatever floats your boat. What’s going on?” He leaned back on the couch in frustration.
“Is Benny in a bad mood?” He could see the frown on his friend’s face in his head.
“Get to it, Tom.” 
“Fine…. We know where Diego Martinez lives, and Gabriela lives there too. But it’s impossible to get anywhere close to the place.”
“Got someone watching him?”
“Just sent uniforms out.”
“Good.”
“And we weren’t followed. So you two are sittin’ pretty for awhile.”
“That’s a plus.”
“But-” Tom’s voice changed, and Ben instantly knew it wasn’t good news.
“What?” Now he stood up, moving around the coffee table.
“Mr. Incredible Hulk bailed out.”
“You’re kidding me,” he began pacing back and forth.
“Nope.”
“When?”
“This morning. Some guy from Finely Furniture came in.”
“What was his name?”
“Mark Jenkins.”
“Has anyone run a check on him?” The name didn’t sound familiar.
“Clean as a whistle.”
“Nothing leading back to Martinez?”
“Not yet. But I got them doing some more digging.”
“There has to be a connection somewhere.” He ran his fingers through his hair as he walked, glancing at the young girl watching him.
“The trick’s to find it.”
“I want someone out there just for Gabriela. If she goes anywhere, I want to know about it. If she’s alone, or can be got alone, we need to question her.”
“I’m on it, Buddy.”
“Let me know,” he felt so helpless being out here.
“Of course. Don’t I always?”
“For the most part.”
“I take offence to that.”
“Good,” he hung up the phone. He looked into the bright green eyes that had been watching him. 
She smiled, “You’re pacing.”
He stopped moving, he hadn’t even realized he was doing it.
“Is everything ok?”
He didn’t want to tell her that part of him wanted to be there, hunting down this guy. The other part was happy where he was at. It was like she said; he lived and breathed his job. He had done it for so long he didn’t know how to stop. “It seems to be…. I just have some stuff to tell you.”
“What?”
Her face was so innocent. He didn’t want to tell her, for fear of upsetting her. But he knew he had to. He couldn’t keep it from her.
“Come on,” she studied his face. “It can’t be that bad. Unless someone else has….” Her voice trailed off.
He knew what she was thinking, “No.” He sat back down beside her, turning to face her, “The man that… hurt you….”
“At the hotel?”
“Yah… he’s out.”
She was quiet for a moment, “How?”
“Someone bailed him out today.”
“Who?”
Why did she want to know that? “Mark Jenkins.”
She was silent, looking down at her hands.
“Do you know him?”
She shrugged, “I know he owns and runs Finely Furniture, that’s about it. My parents used to shop there.” She looked back up at him, her eyes were sad. “Does he have something to do with the Martinez’s?”
“They’re digging to find out.”
She stood then, walking back to the kitchen. He wondered what the complex woman was thinking. She baffled his mind. Usually he didn’t have a hard time figuring out what someone was thinking, male or female. But this lady was a different story. He couldn’t figure out anything with her.
Especially not the way she made him feel, just looking into her green eyes made his heart skip a beat. She made him all jumbled inside to where he didn’t know what to feel.
And when he kissed her, the world had disappeared. Everything vanished, leaving only him and her in the world.
She fit to him perfectly. She felt good, right. 
“What about Gabriela?” She interrupted his thoughts as she sat back down. She was way too observant, even though he planned on telling her about that too. He had just forgotten earlier.
“Actually, I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you about her.”
“What do you mean?”
“You were right about that too. Tiffany saw the picture and said it was who she saw your brother with.”
“You were just doing your job.”
“I didn’t listen to you.”
“There wasn't reason to. I didn’t have any proof. I was just going on a guess.”
“But you were right.”
“That doesn’t make a difference. I could have just as easily been wrong.”
“Your dad taught you well.”
She shrugged her shoulder, “He was good at his job, and so are you, Ben.”
“I could use improvement.”
“I think you’re doing great.”
He turned towards her, gently touching her neck, “I almost got you killed.”
Her hand covered his, “You saved me before he had the chance to.”
“He shouldn’t have had the chance.” 
“I’m the one who opened the door.” She moved away from him, going back to the kitchen. “It’s over and done. You can’t go back.”
What all had happened to her in her short life to make her like that? It had to have been more than her parents. He had the feeling in his gut it was more, but he didn’t know if he could get her to tell him or not. It wasn’t really any of his business anyway. Protecting her and keeping them both alive was all he should be concerned about.
“What are you thinking so hard about?” She walked over to him, handing him a plate. It looked delicious or he was extremely hungry. It was a mix of chicken, noodles, and cheese with bread.
“Nothing,” he took the plate from her. “Thank you. It looks delicious.”
“I hope it taste good,” she sat down near him. “You miss it, don’t you?”
“Miss what?”
“Work.” 
He looked over at her, taking a bite. It was as good as it looked, “This is wonderful.”
She smiled, “Thank you…. You’re avoiding the question.”
He smiled back, “Is that what I’m doing?”
She cocked an eyebrow up at him, “As sure as I’m sitting here.”
He laughed, “Maybe I am.”
“Avoiding or missing it?”
He looked down at his plate, “Both.”
They finished eating and he made her relax as he cleaned the dishes. When he went back into the living room, she was laying across the couch watching television. The remote was in her hand, and she slowly flipped through the channels. He sat down on the smaller part of the furniture, forcing himself to look away from her.
“What are ya watching?”
“Nothing,” she answered then she turned towards him. “It’s amazing that you can have so many channels, but there still be nothing on.”
He smiled, “Maybe we should get a hold of the company and have them fix that.”
She smiled, “That’s an awful lot of companies, might take awhile.”
“True.”
She looked back at the screen, “Which ones are the movie channels?”
“Start with five hundred.”
She brought up the guide, pushing in the numbers. “I have a question,” she looked back at him.
“What’s that?” He leaned back on the couch, still looking at her.
“How did you become a detective so quickly?”
“It started with my family. I was bound and determined to find the man who did it, even though I wasn’t supposed to be working the case at all. Tom and I ended up bringing him in. I even ruined a relationship over that.”
“How?” She rolled to her stomach.
“My girlfriend left me. I wrapped myself up in it so much I didn’t leave any time for her.”
“She left you?”
“Can’t blame her for it, can you?”
“I guess not.”
“We worked a few other cases after that.”
“But what was the one that got you promoted?”
“It was one different people had worked on for a year. No one had been able to pinpoint the guy and catch him.”
“Except you and Tom,” she smiled.
“It wasn’t easy though. It took us several months, but we got him and convicted him. He’s spending the rest of his life behind bars.”
“Did he kill someone?”
“Not that we knew of. He left them all alive.”
“What did he do?”
“He was a serial rapist.”
He watched her sit quickly up on the couch. Her voice came out in a whisper, “What…? How many?”
“Our count was about twenty-five.” 
“Did you find all of his victims?” 
There was something in her eyes, which told him he may be on the verge of finding a big secret, “All but one…. He gave us every name, but one.”
“Why not that one?”
He watched her, trying to figure out if it was something that happened to her personally, or to a friend, “He said she was special…. She was his first victim.”
She looked away.
“Can I ask why you’re so interested?”
He watched as she wiped a tear away, and it hit him…. It was her, she was the first victim.
“I had only gone there once before you took me.” Her words echoed through his head. “After the life I’ve had.”
That would add to why she hated cops so much, and the pieces of her started to fall together in his head.
“Kyra?” He whispered.
“What was his name?” She kept her voice low, and didn’t look at him.
“Eric Gables.”
She stood, walking across the room and looking out at the pond. He couldn’t help but follow her. Slowly he placed his hands on her shoulders. Her hands came up and covered his. “Thank you, Ben.”
“For what?” He breathed into her hair.
“For putting him away,” she whispered.
He knew for a fact then that she was his first victim. He wrapped his arms around her, “We tried to find you. We put it in the paper and ran it for months. We even did a thing on the news for over a week. I wanted you to know he was paying for what he did.”
“If I had known….” Her voice trailed off.
“Why didn’t you file charges against him?”
“I started too…. I went to the station with Nicky…. We sat there for two hours with him fidgeting in anger…. Then I finally just walked out.”
“Did you tell them what had happened?”
“Same receptionist that’s there now,” she nodded.
“I’m sorry,” he kissed her head.
She turned in his arms, looking up at him, “There was nothing you could do then, Ben.”
“If I had been there-”
“Life’s full of what ifs, and they'll drive you crazy,” she smiled a little at him. “You can’t change the past and you can’t live in it. All we can do is look for the future and make the most of it.”
He touched her face, “How did you become so wise in your young age?”
“Lots of experience and good teachers.”
He was getting lost in her again, “Are you really here, or is it just a dream?” 
She smiled at him, but he couldn’t help it anymore, he started to lean down to kiss her. She pinched his arm.
“Hey!” He laughed.
Her smile grew, “Must be real…. But maybe we should make sure.”
He took her arms in his hands before she could do it again, and they spun around. He held her wrists with one hand, and started tickling the side of her stomach.
Her laughter filled the room as she squirmed to get away from him, “Ok! I give!” She yelled, laughing.
He stopped tickling her, letting her wrists go. Her breathing was uneven as she sat down on the couch trying to get her breath back. Their eyes met, both of them smiling.
“So,” she took a deep breath, “how ticklish are you?”
“I’m not,” he sat down with her, his arm on the back of the piece of furniture. She was so beautiful with her hair messed up from trying to get away from him.
“I don’t believe you,” she turned towards him.
“Why not?”
“I think you just don’t want to be tickled.” 
“Is that what you think?” 
She gently touched his side, making him jump, “See, you are ticklish.” She tickled his side again.
He quickly tried to move away from her, but she followed, continuing to tickle his side. He reached for her side, making her jump away from him, “Oh no, it’s on now.”
She jumped up, and moved away. He followed, making her run. He chased her around the living room a few times before he tackled her. They fell over the back of the sofa, laughing the entire time, and landing on the floor. Kyra landed on top of him. 
Her ponytail was all the way out now, so her hair fell around him in a black fountain of curls. Her eyes laughed as she looked down at him. She reached up, slowly moving Ben’s hair away from his eyes. She looked back down at him; their eyes meeting again, the laughter had faded away.
He reached up, gently touching her cheek, her hand still touching his head. She leaned down as he cupped her face, his fingers going into her hair. Their lips barely touched. She looked down at him, her eyes full of question.
He couldn’t take it anymore. He reached up with his other hand, cupping her face. He pulled her gently back to him, their lips meeting again. The kiss was more passionate, and full of want. He rolled them over, until her back was on the floor. He didn’t stop kissing her, and her fingers never left his hair, they became more tangled in the locks.
His cell phone rang, playing music, but he didn’t want to answer it. Kyra moved her hand to his chest.
She pushed him back. They stared into each other’s eyes.
Then she whispered, “You should get that.”
“I don’t want to,” he whispered back.
The tone started over again and she whispered, “It might be important.”
Too bad she was right. He rose up, picking up the phone. It was Tom. Ben flipped it open, “Chamberlain.”
“Hey, Benny Boy,” Tom greeted him. “Did I interrupt something?”
“Just dinner. Do you got any news?” He tried not to sound annoyed at his partner’s timing, as he looked down at the smiling beauty looking at him.
“What are you having?”
“Chicken and noodles. You’d really like it.”
“Sounds good. Save me some?”
“Sorry, there’s only enough for two. But maybe if you’re a good boy, and tell me your reason for calling, Kyra will fix it for you.” He smiled at her, and her smile turned into a giggle.
“Ok, ok. You win.”
“What did you find out, Tom?”
“Muscle Man is one of Diego Martinez’s bodyguards, one of his favorites in fact. Muscles usually follows around baby sister, Gabriela.”
“Then why was he sent after Kyra?” He felt himself switch back into work mode. He set up, feeling her move from him. He looked at the lady that was his roommate as she sat down on the couch, turning to watch him.
“That one we haven’t figured out.”
“What else do you have?”
“Finely Furniture’s into Martinez for a lot of money.”
“How much?”
“Being it was for gambling, it’s a pretty penny.”
“So if he had enough to bail the bodyguard out of jail, why not just pay Martinez?”
“That was just a small dent in it. Martinez also helped him keep the furniture store from going bankrupt.”
“So he does what’s asked without questions to work off the money.”
“Exactly.”
“What about Gabriela?”
“We’re working on getting hospital records and things on her.”
“Do we know anything about her?”
“She hasn’t even been seen today, not by us anyway.”
“After the whole day, that’s all you found out?”
“Hey dude, you get to take a vacation with a beautiful woman. I’d be more than happy to switch places with you.”
“I don’t think so,” Ben pictured Tom holding Kyra, and his stomach clinched in a knot.
“That’s what I thought…. Besides, you’re the one who was threatened, not me.”
“Thanks for reminding me.”
“All serious, I know you miss the action. We haven’t even gotten to that point yet.”
“I know,” Ben stood up.
“You need to stay put. I don’t want to lose my best friend.”
“I’m not going anywhere.” He walked over to the front door, looking out at nothing. 
“This is the big stuff we’re messing with.”
“We got to be extra careful.”
“You got it.”
“How’s Tiffany?”
“Bored. She went over to Kyra’s house.”
“Why?”
“It’s been turned upside down again.”
“That’s no surprise, but why’s she there?”
“I sent an officer with her. They check in every hour.”
“Good.”
“She’s trying to straighten it all up, and get Kyra more clothes and stuff. She figured she might be more comfortable out there if she had more of her things.” 
Ben looked back at Kyra, she was watching the TV, but he knew she was still listening. “She’s probably right.”
“I guess it’s a girl thing.”
Ben looked back out the door, “So when are you heading back?”
“Probably tomorrow evening, or early the next morning.”
“Let me know so you don’t get shot.”
“I will. I know how you are with a gun.”
“And I got plenty of them,” He grinned.
“Do you want me to bring you anything?”
“Some more clothes. And let Bailey know that I’m ok.”
“I already talked to her. She’s been taking care of Taz and Tasha.”
He closed his eyes. He had forgotten about his dogs, thank God his sister didn’t. “Why don’t you bring them out here too?”
“The dogs?”
“No, my sister. Yes the dogs.” He opened his eyes back up.
“Why?”
“More security.”
“Didn’t think about that.”
“Didn’t figure so.”
“Thanks for the faith, partner.”
“That’s what I’m here for.”
“Yeah, right.”
“Hey, tell Cap he needs to get a hold of the phone company. The lines are jacked here.”
“I’ll tell him.”
They hung up. He looked back at the couch at the beautiful lady. He needed to find out if she could handle a gun at all. His guess was she could, being who her father had been.
But he wanted to go over and pick up where he had been when Tom interrupted. He walked back over to the furniture. Screw the job mode; it was time to beat it.
She smiled, putting her hand against his chest as he leaned down over her, “What’s on your mind? It looked like the wheels were turning.”
“They were.”
“So tell me, maybe I can help.”
“I want to finish what we were doing.” He smiled, leaning towards her more.
She put both hands on his shoulders, “I’m glad you're trying to lighten up, but that won’t get you out of telling me.”
“I know,” his smile grew.
“So spill it.”
“Got some good news.”
“What’s that?”
“The man who attacked you is Martinez’s bodyguard, actually more Gabriela’s.”
“She’s his sister, right?”
“Yep, and she don’t leave the house much.”
“The way I understood it, he’s highly protective of her.”
“Seems that way,” he moved away, looking back at her for a moment. “The furniture guy….”
“Yah.”
“They got him connected to Martinez now too.”
“That’s a plus.”
“It is…. I guess Martinez has dug the man out of the hole more than once. He’s into Martinez for a lot of money.” God, she was way too beautiful.
“I wouldn’t have guessed that.”
“Me neither. I thought that place had good business.”
“I did too,” she looked away for a moment. “Did I hear you ask about Tiffany?”
“She went to your house.”
“Not by herself –” she looked back at him, her eyes big with fear.
“No,” he shook his head. “Tom sent an officer with her.”
Relief washed over her face, “Why would she want to go there?”
“I don’t know. I guess she’s trying to straighten up, and getting some stuff for you.”
“She can be sweet.”
“Seems like it.”
“Are they coming back here soon?”
“Maybe tomorrow night or the next morning…. Tom’s gonna call and let me know beforehand.”
“Good,” she looked away again.
“Can I ask you a question?”
She looked back at him, “What?”
“It might be stupid, but I have to ask. Can you shoot a gun?”
She smiled, “I’m a dead shot. Nicky and I went to the range every week.”
“I figured you probably could, but I had to make sure.”
“Our dad taught us when we were young. He made us promise we would never get rusty. He wanted us to be able to defend ourselves if we were ever put in the situation.”
“He was a very smart man.”
“He was a cop,” she smiled at him.
He was glad her father had been a cop. It made this easier. He didn’t want to have to put a gun in her hand, but if it came down to it, he knew he could. Asking her to kill someone was going to be the worst.

Ben set up a target for them both to shoot at. He didn’t figure she needed to brush up, but he wanted them both to be ready. And what better to do when they were stuck in the middle of solitary? Plus it was a good way to be distracted from her.
“Now, why are we doing this?” Kyra asked as they walked together out to the barn.
“For both of us to have some practice,” he answered.
“Why do we need practice?”
“Just in case.”
“Do you think they'll find us?”
“I hope not, but I want to be prepared in case they do.”
“But we both already know how to shoot.”
“Can you kill someone, Kyra?” He watched her face go pale. He didn’t want to do this to her, but she needed to be ready.
“I don’t know,” she whispered.
“I didn’t think so. I don’t plan on you having to do that. But if it comes down to it, I want you to be ready.”
“Bringing me out here to shoot a gun isn’t going to make me anymore ready to shoot a person,” The attitude returned.
“I know. Nothing can prepare you for that.”
“How many have you…?” Her green eyes were big.
“Just the one…. I try to just wound them if I can,” His mind flashed back to the time he was in the situation of kill or be killed. They had already lost two officers, and the man had come up behind Tom.
“What’s it like?”
He looked at her, “Something you never want to do.”
“No, I don’t,” she put her hands across her chest.
“I don’t plan on you having to.”
“So why do I have to do this? I was just at the range last week.”
“Just to ease my mind, please,” he held out his hand. “Just humor me.”
She looked down at his hand; her eyes softened a bit, “Fine.” She placed hers into his.
He led her over to the guns he had set up. Turning her towards them and the target, he stood behind her.
“Why are there so many of them?” She looked back at him.
“I want you to shoot each one.”
“Why?”
“So you know how…. Pick one to start.”
He watched as she picked up the one a cop would usually carry on them.
“You probably know that one.”
“It’s what my dad taught us with.”
“Figures…. Have you ever shot off anything else?”
“A shotgun, but that’s it.” She aimed the gun at the target with ease, like she had done it a million times. Who was he kidding, she probably had.
“How old were you when you started?”
“Dad took us through all the safety stuff first, even how to take one apart and clean it. We had to have that down before he even let us try to shoot a gun. I think I was around eight the first time I got to shoot something.” She fired the gun, shooting the target right through the center. She casually set the gun down, picking up the shotgun. It went through the center again.
“I think you’re good.”
She smiled at him, “You don’t want me to shoot the rest?”
“That’s ok, there’s not that big of a difference in them. It’s just the kick you get back, or they’re bigger guns.”
“Are you sure? I can do the rest.”
He smiled, her dad had taught her well. But he knew better than anyone, it wasn’t as easy when there was a person at the other end. There wasn’t a way for him to prepare her for that. “You’re good.”
“And how ‘bout you?” She leaned against the table he had the guns on.
“I shoot every day.”
“How long has it been since you shot a shotgun, or a rifle, Detective?” She smiled.
He smiled, giving a soft laugh. She had him there; it had been years. Instead of answering her, he picked up the shotgun. The bullet went straight through the center.
“Apparently, you still got it.”
“Why, thank you,” he bowed, smiling at her. “Now you want to help me carry all this back to the house?”
“Why not,” she stood back up, holding out her arms.
He carefully set a few there, and he grabbed the rest. They walked the short distance back to the cabin.
“I have a question.”
He looked at the beauty as she helped him put the guns back in their places, “What’s that?”
“How are we going to do this tonight?”
“Same as we did last night. I’ll sleep in the living room.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yep, I won’t kick a lady out of bed.” He winked at her wishing he could actually join her.
“Aren’t you just the sweetest?” She smiled.
The guns were put up and he turned to her, “So, I’m taking it you’re ready to crash?”
“Pretty much.”
“Well,” He took her hands into his without thinking. “I’ll be right out here if you need me.” He kissed her forehead then watched her walk to the only bedroom in the cabin.
She stopped, turning back to him, “Ben?”
“Yes.”
“Thank you.”
“For what?”
She smiled softly, “For being different.”
He watched as she turned down the hall and disappeared into the dark room. His phone started ringing. He picked it up off the coffee table, flipping it open, “Chamberlain.”
“You can’t leave,” Tom returned.
“What are you talking about?” He walked over to the windows, pulling the curtains back.
“You can’t leave there until this is over,” Tom hadn’t sounded this serious in years.
“What’s going on, Tom?” Ben looked out the window at the darkness.
“Someone’s going around with a picture of you and Kyra together. We don’t know how they got it, or from where. But they’re asking if anyone has seen either of you.”
“Who is it?”
“We have no idea.”
Chapter Eight

Everything flashed through her head while she laid in bed dreaming. It went from losing her parents to the relationship between Nick and Tiffany and helping her brother through the heartache. She dreamed about being held down in the park on her way home from work on that late night, and then trying to convince her brother not to kill the man who did it.
Then gunfire filled her head, a huge arm coming around her as she hit the ground, “Nicky!” She screamed as she sat straight up in bed.
Ben was suddenly there with her, setting on the side of the bed and pulling her to him. “It’s ok, Love, it was just a dream,” He kissed her head as she tried to wipe the tears away from her eyes.
“I wish it had been,” she leaned away from him. How could she be so comfortable in his arms? He was a cop, the very thing she had grown to despise over the years since her parents had died. Now she was finding herself wishing she could stay with this one forever. Her hand brushed against the gun lying in front of him on the bed, and she looked at him in question, “Is there something wrong?”
“No,” he tried to smile. 
She knew there was more than he was letting her know. For now though, she was going to let it slide. Her dream filled her mind. She didn’t want to care about the gun, or why he was carrying it around. She just knew she didn’t want to be alone. “Will you stay with me?”
He softly smiled in the moonlight. He moved the gun to the nightstand then pulled her up to him, holding her close as they curled together, and laying back down. “As long as you want me too.” He gently brushed her hair away from her face as her body curled perfectly to him. They seemed to mold together.
“Have you even been to sleep tonight?”
“Not yet.”
“You didn’t sleep much last night,” she whispered. “You have to be tired.”
“I’m fine.”
She rolled to look at him in the barely lit room, “You’re tired.”
“I’ve done many allniters, Kyra.”
“I’m sure you have, but it doesn’t make you any less tired.”
“True,” he put his hand on the side of her face, brushing her lips with his. “Go to sleep, Beautiful.”
She smiled as she turned away.

She woke the next morning, still in the same place she had fallen asleep. His arm was wrapped around her, and her back was curled to him. She knew better than to move. It was too easy to wake him up, and he needed to sleep. He hadn’t gotten much since they came here. She laid still until she felt him stir.
“Good morning,” he whispered in her ear.
“How did you know I was awake?” She rolled to her back so that she could look at him. He raised his head, resting it on his hand, and looked down at her.
“You breathe different when you're sleeping,” he smiled.
“How do you know that?”
“The other night at the motel,” his smile grew.
“How? I don’t even remember falling asleep.”
“You did before me.”
“How did I end up on your chest?”
“Your head kept moving, and when I tried to lay you down you moved over to me.”
“And you just let me stay there? Why didn’t you wake me up?”
“I kinda liked you there.”
She laughed, “Did you?”
“I did,” he touched her face. “What would you like to do today?”
She thought about the gun she knew was in the room, “Can we go for a walk?”
She watched the smile fade some.
Kyra reached up and touched his lips as their eyes met, “That has something to do with the gun, doesn’t it?”
“Noticed that did you?” He touched her hair.
“What if we don’t go far, so we can still hear everything here?”
“The sounds will echo,” he grinned.
“Then we’ll stay close enough that if we hear anything we can get back here quick.” She looked away from him. “I just don’t want to be restricted to the house.”
“You’re right.”
Her eyes met his, “I am?”
“You get ready, and I’ll make us a picnic. How does that sound?”
She smiled, “Great, and I’ll even let you be in charge of how far we go.” She jumped out of the bed, running for the bathroom. He laughed as he got up and left the room, as she peeked out, “Thank you.”
When she came out of the room, he was setting on the couch again, flipping through the channels on the TV.
“Ready?” He asked as she walked up behind the couch.
“Are you?”
He leaned his head back to look at her, “Picnic’s ready.”
She looked at the counter, seeing a large basket with a green tablecloth tucked around the top of it. “Come on,” she grabbed his hand, and he quickly stood to follow her, grabbing the basket on the way.
“How’s your neck?” He asked as they walked through the trees.
“It feels better,” she turned to look at him for a moment.
“Good.”
“You know it wasn’t your fault, right?” She waited until he caught up with her so they could walk together.
“It doesn’t matter, it should've never happened.”
“But it did, Ben. If it hadn’t been for you, I'd be dead.” She grabbed his arm, stopping him. “And if it hadn’t been for me sticking my nose in places, it wouldn’t have happened either.”
“I would've done the same thing.”
“You’re the one who tried to stop me.”
He cupped her face with his large hand. “I didn’t listen to anyone either,” he whispered, turning to her.
She looked up into his eyes, “Why were you walking down the street that day, and my street at that?”
He stared at her for a moment before answering, “I can’t really give you an answer…. Something in my gut told me to go that way, and then I got the urge to walk…. I just listened to my gut.”
She smiled some, “I’m glad you did.”
He returned the smile, “Me too…. I tried to fight it, but it overwhelmed me…. Then I saw you walking across the street…. You were laughing…. And then the sound of the car, and I saw them pulling the guns out the window, and you….”
She touched his lips with her fingers as a tear ran down her face.
He gently wiped it away with his thumb, “All I could think about was you… I had to get to you.”
She leaned forward and barely kissed his lips. She kept her eyes close as she felt his fingers tighten on the back of her neck. His thumb moved down under her chin, lifting her face to his.
His lips touched hers again, making her breath catch in her chest, and then he moved away, smiling at her, “Come on, we’re almost to a spot you’ll love.” He kept a hold of her hand as he led her down the barely noticeable path.
“Is it what I hear?”
“What do you hear?” He looked down at her for a moment.
“Water.”
“Maybe,” he laughed. “Want to go swimming again?”
She grinned slyly, “Maybe.”
“You’re a tease.”
“Not really.”
“So you follow through with your promises?”
“When I make them.”
“How often is that?”
“When I know I can keep them.”
“Have you ever broken one?”
“A few times, but only because I didn’t have another choice.” She looked up at him again, “How ‘bout you?”
“I don’t make many.”
“Why not?”
“They’re too hard to keep.”
“That means you’ve had too many people break them.”
He looked down at her, “How’d you guess?”
“Lucky,” she grinned.
She stopped at the edge of the small cliff overlooking the water, feeling his strong hand rub her shoulder. There was a waterfall just a short way down, and a path leading in that direction. She stood there, watching the water flow over the cliff. She listened to the sound of the water landing on the rocks below. Thoughts of their conversation yesterday came into her head.
“Would you change your life, Ben?”
“Not mine,” he answered from behind her.
“Who’s then?”
“Yours.”
She turned, looking back at him, “Then I wouldn’t be who I am…. Why would you change mine anyway?”
“To save you from all the heartache you’ve had.”
“I had a good life, and I will again…. Eventually it’ll become normal.”
He looked at her, sitting the basket down, “You really wouldn’t want to change anything?”
“It all happened for a reason…. As Nicky always said, don’t dwell on the past, look at the future.” She slightly smiled, “It’s a good saying to live by.” She grabbed his hand, “Enough about that, come on.”
Leaving the basket behind, she pulled him down the pathway to the waterfall. It was beautiful as it flowed through the rocks and over the side. She could see the bottom of the rock bed. She let go of Ben’s hand, taking off her shoes. She ran into the water. It was cool as it flowed over her bare ankles, splashing up on her legs.
“Come on,” she smiled. “It feels good.”
“I bet it does,” he sat down on a big rock on the bank, watching her.
“Are you chicken?” She walked towards him.
He smiled, “Not at all.”
“I think you are,” she kicked the water, splashing it all over him.
“Hey now!” He laughed.
She laughed too, “Chicken.” She splashed him again.
“That’s it!” He ran out into the water, grabbing a hold of the girl around the waist, and spinning her around from behind. Her laughter rang through the air. When he let her go, she bent down. Her hands went into the water, and she looked up, smiling. Her hands came back out, splashing him again. He laughed, throwing water all over her. He wrapped his wet arms around her again, carrying her over to the rock, and setting her down on his lap.
“Now that was fun,” she laughed.
“It was.”
“And I got you to loosen up... again,” she laughed, touching the scabbed area on his arm where the bullet that was meant for her had hit him instead. Her smile faded away as she remembered his arm hitting her and they fell to the ground.
“That you did.”
“If you hadn’t been there, that bullet would have hit me,” her voice was lower and she could hear the gunfire in her head.
“Probably,” he looked at her.
“Is it a usual thing for you?” She smiled some, looking back at him.
“What’s that?”
“Walking around neighborhoods looking for someone to save?”
He grinned back at her, “Actually, it was a first.”
“Why did you give me such a big tip when you left the diner?” Her eyes met his, her heart skipping.
He grinned, “Is it a crime to leave a good tip?”
“The food isn’t that good,” she couldn’t help but smile back at him.
“Maybe I liked the waitress,” he winked.
“Oh, really?” She laughed. She had a hard time believing that. 
“You don’t believe me, huh?”
“Not really.”
“You know, you acted different after I looked at you. Why was that?”
She touched the area by his eyes, whispering, “You caught me off guard.”
“You wasn’t quite what I expected either,” he cupped her face.
She grinned, “I’m probably much worse.” She started to get up, but he pulled her back down.
“Actually, I think you were part of the reason I took that walk.”
“What do you mean?”
“I couldn’t get you out of my head.”
She turned, leaning against him, watching the water flow over the rocks. Her mind was spinning. He couldn’t get her out of his head, same as she had been so messed up by him. He had jumbled her mind, and she didn’t understand how. She felt his breath on her head.
“Are you hungry yet?” He whispered.
“Oh,” Her face got serious, “what about our lunch?” They both jumped up, running back up the path, finding their lunch strewn all over the ground, animals running off in all directions. She started laughing again, as she bent over to catch her breath.
He had to laugh too.
They picked up the mess, leaving the food for the hungry animals. Then they went back to get Kyra’s shoes, heading back to the house. She noticed that Ben was a lot more relaxed than he usually was.
“Maybe you just needed a vacation,” she walked backwards, looking at him.
“For what?” He watched her.
“To relax and forget about work.”
“Tried many times.”
“Really?”
“I ended up back at work after two days.”
“Only two days?”
“Yep.”
“So by tomorrow, you're going to be going nuts?”
“I think this time'll be different.”
“Why's that?” Her ankle hit a root from one of the trees, and she felt herself falling backwards.
His arm went around her waist, catching her. She automatically put her hands on his shoulders as their eyes met, “Because I’m with you.” 
He stood her back up.
“Walk forward this time,” he smiled teasingly at her.
“I’ll try.” The grin seemed plastered to her face as they went back to the cabin. “You think I make the difference?”
“I was alone the other times.”
“So I’m still the distraction?”
“But not a bad one.”
She smiled, “At least it’s not bad.”
“And you can’t say much about me living through my job. You’ve already told me you worked and went home, not having a social life.”
“But I didn’t think about work when I was home, and like a normal person, I did have days off.”
“And no social life.”
“That's a personal choice. I socialized at work. I didn’t need to bring it home.”
“Can’t say I really blame you.”
They walked for a minute in silence before she spoke again, “Why did she leave you?”
“I brought work home with me.”
She looked at him, “Would you have married her?”
“Probably not.”
“Why not?” 
“We weren’t meant to be, or I wouldn’t have been so wrapped up in work….” His eyes met hers again and he smiled, “She wasn’t a distraction.”
The cabin came into view. “Your dogs don’t distract you?”
His lips curled, “You heard that, huh?”
“I hear a lot of things.”
“They mostly just look at me and wag their tails. Not much for conversations.”
“I bet not.”
They were silent as they went inside, “Now what?”
“I’ll fix you something to eat.” She went into the kitchen, “Any suggestions?”
He smiled, “How ‘bout something easy?”
“Like what?”
He set the basket down and came around the counter, “How ‘bout you let me do it?”
“How ‘bout I help?” She looked up at him.
He stepped up to her, “I might let you.” He stopped only inches from her where she was between him and the counter. Gently, he touched her face, cupping it with his hand. He leaned down towards her, his lips brushing hers. He kissed her softly, but it only stayed soft for a moment before the passion overtook her, and his tongue met with hers for a moment. “I can’t seem to get enough of you, Kyra,” He whispered, his mouth covered hers again, his tongue searching inside her mouth.
Her body seemed to grow a mind of its own as he lifted her onto the counter. Her hand went to his head, fingers getting lost in his hair. The other was on his back, tugging for him to come closer, her legs wrapping around his waist. In one small, easy movement, he had her body pressed against his, his hand holding her there easily in the small of her back. His thumb tilting her head up more as his lips moved down her chin and to her neck.
A gasp escaped from her lips, making his hand slightly tighten on her side, and her fingers clinched in his hair and on his back.
“I need you, Kyra,” his hot breath warmed the skin on her neck, making her body seem to blaze with fire. “I've needed you from the moment I saw you in the diner.”
He leaned up, looking down at her for a moment.
“Ben?” Her voice was barely a whisper. She couldn’t bear it if he moved away from her now.
“I promise I won’t let anything happen to you.”
She tried to make him stop talking by covering his lips with her fingers, but he moved them away easily.
“I’ll die first.”
“Don’t say that,” she whispered, but his mouth covered hers again, surrounding her with all the passion she had ever felt before. All she could think about was him. He enveloped every inch of her mind, soul, and body. His hand moved up her side, resting just below her armpit.
A horn followed by the sound of a car coming up the long drive made him move away from her suddenly. He looked at her, even though she knew he was listening. She could hear it too.
Then he smiled at her, giving her a quick kiss, “We’ll finish this later.”
He moved away from her, pulling the gun out of the back edge of his pants. She watched as seriousness took over his face again. He moved back around the counter to look out the window, and she jumped off the counter.
The sound of the vehicle continued to slowly grow.
He looked at her for a moment, grabbing her hand and pulling her over towards the front windows. He held her close to him as they went by the hallway and he looked down it. When they reached the windows, he moved the curtains slightly back with the tip of the gun.
“Stay here,” he whispered, letting go of her hand. He walked down the hall, looking in every room, before he entered the bedroom.
Kyra moved the curtain only enough to be able to see outside. The vehicle slowly came into sight, “It’s Tom’s truck.”
Ben came back over to her, looking out above her head. Her body tingled as she felt him against her. He watched with her as the truck came to a stop, and they could see Tom and Tiffany in the front seat. The two large German Shepherds jumped out of the back as Tom came to a stop.
She felt Ben chuckle, “Taz and Tasha.”
“Your dogs?” She turned and looked up at him as he tucked the gun into the back of his pants. 
He smiled down at her, “They’ll love you…. Come on,” He grabbed her hand, and she followed him out onto the porch. The two dogs instantly came running to him. He looked at Tom as he greeted his pets, “Nice phone call.”
“Oops, I forgot,” Tom chuckled as he helped Tiff get the bags out of the truck. “But we came bearing gifts.”
The smaller of the two dogs came over to Kyra and she sat down on the step of the porch to pet the animal.
“That’s Tasha,” Ben smiled. “This lug’s Taz.”
“We could use some help over here,” Tom laughed.
“You seemed to be managing just fine.”
Tom threw a bag at Ben as he came up to the porch. Ben caught it easily. Kyra got up, taking some of the bags from Tiffany.
“I brought you a few things I thought you might want,” The blonde smiled.
“Thanks, Tiff.”
Ben waited until the two girls walked past him before entering the house, the dogs at their heels.
“I also boxed up some things and put them into storage for you,” Tiffany sat down on the couch beside Tom. Tom put his arm around the back of the couch behind her.
Kyra sat down, only to get Tasha instantly setting in front of her. She smiled, rubbing the dog’s ears.
“Seems you just made a new best friend,” Ben said from behind her. She leaned her head back to look up at him. She smiled when he winked, “She gets very attached, and she'll follow you everywhere.”
“I don’t mind,” she looked back at the dog.
“Sorry we can’t stay long –”
“Good,” Ben moved over the back of the couch, landing beside Kyra. “We were having a very deep conversation before you so rudely interrupted.”
Tom’s eyebrows went up, and then he looked at the dark haired beauty, “Kyra?”
She looked back at him.
“What did you do with my partner?”
“I…” she looked at Ben, seeing the sparkle in his eyes as he looked back at her. She grinned, “I didn’t do anything.”
“He seems a little different to me,” Tom shook his head. “But anyway, let’s take a walk, partner.”
Both the men stood, going outside, Taz following them.
Kyra looked at her former sister-in-law. “Are you hungry, Tiffany?”
“We ate on the way here,” she answered.
“You and Tom seem to be getting along well.”
“I guess…. He doesn’t let me go anywhere by myself.”
“I know the feeling,” Kyra smiled thinking about every time she showed up at the diner Ben wasn’t far behind. “But it’s probably for the better. It’s better to be safe than sorry.”
“That’s what he said,” she got quiet for a moment, looking at the dog that had finally laid down at Kyra’s feet. “You’re starting to sound like you used to…. Kyra?”
“What?” She looked at the blonde’s sad eyes.
“I’m sorry for what I did to your brother.”
Kyra tried to smile, “What’s done is done, Tiff.”
“You sound like him. He told me that the last time we talked to each other… word for word.”
Kyra looked over at the blonde, “Don’t dwell on it, Tiff. Nicky forgave you a long time ago. He knew it wasn’t the real you.”
“I guess I just have to forgive myself now.”
“You do, and you should. He never stopped loving you. This Gabriela is the only person I've heard about since you, and I didn’t even hear it from him.”
“I'm sure he was protecting you from that family…. All he ever wanted was to protect you.”
“I wish I could’ve protected him,” she whispered.
“He would've never forgiven himself if it had been you…. When this is over, you need to get that baby, and hold onto it with everything you have. He’d want you to do that.”
“I know,” Kyra fought the tears in her eyes. She didn’t want to cry anymore.
They were both silent for a moment before Tiffany spoke again, “So a cop, huh?”
“What do you mean?” She looked at the blonde.
“I can see it, Kyra.” She smiled, “The way you both look at each other.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“I’ve known you a long time, and tried to help you through a lot.”
“You did help me.”
“I haven’t ever seen you look at someone that way, ever.” Their eyes met, “And the way he looks at you….”
Kyra shook her head, "He doesn’t –"
“I could even see it that morning at Denny’s…. He loves you, Ky, and you love him. Try to tell me he doesn’t make your heart skip when you look at him.”
Kyra looked down at the dog. Tiffany was right, “I can’t.”
“Didn’t think so…. You might as well stop fighting it.”
“He’s a cop.”
“So what? He'd die to protect you and you used to be set on being one yourself.”
“That was before.”
“It was…. But you could at least enjoy it while you can. Don’t let what his occupation is hold you back, Kyra.”
She looked at her former sister-in-law.
“You may end up losing something you’ll later regret. Trust me, I know firsthand.”
The men loudly came through the open front doors. Tom’s hands rested on Tiffany’s shoulders, a huge grin on his face as he looked down at her, “Are you ready for the long drive back?”
She tried to smile, “Sure.” She looked at Kyra. “I’m glad we got to catch up.… At least a little.”
“We’ll do it again, under better circumstances,” Kyra stood with her, and they moved around the couch to the door. She gave the blonde and Tom a hug.
“Hey,” Tom whispered in her ear. “Keep doing whatever you’re doing. It’s working.”
She smiled as he let her go, stepping back, and finding Ben’s arm around her, “I’ll try.” 
The pair watched the truck go back down the drive until they could barely hear it anymore and the silence returned to the cabin. Ben’s arms were wrapped around her waist. Then he turned her around, pulling her to him and lifted her up until her face was at the same level as his. Not thinking, she wrapped her legs around his waist, and her arms around his neck.
He smiled, “Now where were we?” He carried her back through the door, kicking it shut behind him. He placed her back against the window, his hand cupping her face, his lips meeting hers. 
The kiss grew deeper, and he moved from the windows, going back to the bedroom. He kicked the door shut before the dogs could manage to get in. She couldn’t help but giggle as he laid her down on the bed, the smile on his face was huge.
“That looks good on you,” she said his words to him.
“What?”
She touched his lips with her fingertips and her smile grew. 
“Not as good as it does on you.”
One of the dogs whined and scratched on the door. He smiled as he covered her lips with his. His thumb once again tilted her head up as his mouth moved slowly to her neck.
His hand ran down her arm and to her side, then to her hip. She quickly became lost in the moment as his fingers found the bottom of her t-shirt. His large hand slid underneath, stopping at the bare skin of her stomach and she gasped. His lips froze at the nape of her neck.
Her breath was quick, even though she was trying to control it, “Don’t stop, Ben. I don’t want you to stop.”
She reached down, finding the bottom of his t-shirt and pulling it up to his head. He rose from her, removing the article of clothing and revealing his huge muscular chest. Her fingers traced the scar on his shoulder then she let them move over his chest as he pulled the gun out, placing it on the table. His mouth covered hers again.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” he whispered into her mouth.
“You’re not,” she whispered back.
“I might….” He looked down at her. “You’re so much smaller than me….”
She knew he was holding himself up off her; she could feel his arms shaking. “You’re not.”
“Promise you will tell me if I do?”
“I promise,” she whispered, pulling him back down to kiss her. She wasn’t worried about that. So far, it was nothing like the only other time that she had ever done anything. Her body was on fire and screaming for him.
His hand stopped just below her breast, and he began to kiss her more gently. He leaned up, pulling her up with him, and pulled her shirt over her head. His lips covered hers again as they laid back down, the fire inside of her blazing even more as his hand covered her breast.

She laid on her back in the bed, him on his side facing her. Their legs still entwined together, his arm laying over her above the blankets as he played with her hair and gently caressed her face. Her hand ran across the bumps in his bare chest the muscles made.
“Tom and Tiffany seem to be getting along well.”
“They do,” he looked into her eyes. “But don’t hold your breath on a relationship.”
“I've already figured that out about him,” she smiled.
“Did the two of you have a good visit while we were outside?”
“We did.” She touched his handsome face, “What about you two men?”
“The usual,” his eyes clouded.
She knew what that meant, and her mind went to the loaded gun lying on the table within easy reach. She looked back at his bare chest, wondering what had suddenly happened to make him start carrying it around. He hadn’t done it since they came here and then there was the way he had acted when they heard Tom coming towards the house.
“You’re wondering what’s wrong, aren’t you?”
She looked back up into his soft brown eyes, “I figured you'd tell me when you were ready too.”
“That doesn’t sound like you, at least not the way you were with me before.”
“There’s a difference.”
“What’s that?”
“I didn’t trust you then. I do now.”
He smiled, “Good…. But what changed?”
She returned the smile, “You proved to me you were different.”
“Umm,” he kissed her forehead. “I’m glad I did. I must say though, you did make it quite the challenge.”
“Did I?”
“Oh, yes,” he kissed her lips. “You did.” This time the kiss was longer and grew more passionate. 
Chapter Nine

Ben reached up, grabbing his phone off the nightstand. Kyra moaned softly as she curled more to him. He flipped the phone open, still looking at the beauty laying against him, “Chamberlain.”
“I was afraid you wouldn’t answer,” Tom’s voice came from the other end of the line.
Ben knew his partner well enough to know that there was something wrong. He looked at the clock, 8:12 a.m. “What’s up, Tom?”
“We just got some new information.”
“You haven’t been at work that long.” He watched the small girl stir, then look up at him.
“Long enough to get a phone call. They’ve been in town asking about the two of you.”
“We already knew they were doing that.”
“No, Ben. They're there. They’re asking if anyone has seen either of you. You haven’t gone into town, have you?”
He moved from the girl, setting up in the bed as he listened to his friend, “Nowhere close to it.” Her hand gently touched his back. “There’s no way they could know.”
“They’re getting close, Ben.”
“It’s time to go.”
“What’s plan B?”
Ben turned at looked at the lady whose life had been flipped upside down, “I don’t know yet. I’ll call you back.”
“What’s going on?” Her sleepy voice sounded like music to his ears. She leaned up towards him, keeping the covers over her naked body.
Ben gently touched her face, “Get dressed. I need to check some things out then I’ll explain everything to you.”
She nodded, but he could see the fear hidden in her green eyes. He got up, pulling his jeans on. He wished this were all different. He wished the shooting had never happened. He could have gotten to know her through the diner. He cupped her face, carefully kissing her lips. 
“Do you really trust me, Kyra?”
Her green eyes pierced through him, “With my life.”
He forced himself to leave the room, Taz following on his heels. He checked outside, and all around the cabin, but there was no sign of anyone being close. He went to the old pick up and moved it up in front of the porch.
Hopefully they still had some time. Hopefully they weren’t that close. He had to get her out of here. How did they already trace them to the town? Had someone followed them after all, or followed Tom out yesterday?
If they had, then they would already be here, unless they had gotten lost once outside the town. The road leading to the cabin’s drive was twisted, with dozens of other gravel drives coming off of it.
Ben went back inside, finding a bag to put the laptop in to. Then he pulled the big duffle out of the bottom of the gun cabinet, filling it with weapons and ammunition. He took both the bags out, placing them in the passenger floorboard of the truck. 
Where was he going to take her now? This was the most hidden, secluded spot any of them had known of.
He went back in, finding Kyra leaning on the back of the couch looking at him. Tasha sat at her feet along with two large bags in front of her. She should have become a cop.
Her voice came out weak, “I got some clothes together for us.” She held out a T-shirt for him.
“You figured it out quickly,” he looked at her, gently taking the shirt from her.
“It wasn’t that hard, Ben,” she stood up, Tasha instantly on all fours. “We’re ready when you are.”
He slid the shirt on, stepping forward and picking up a bag in each hand. He looked at her for a moment, “Then let’s roll.” He went back out the door, placing the bags into the back of the truck.
Kyra closed the doors to the cabin, and walked over to him as he opened the passenger door of the truck. She stopped in front of him, her eyes meeting his and he couldn’t help but touch the beautiful face. She smiled at him then got into the truck, moving to the middle so the dogs could jump in too.

…..oooooOooooo…..

Kyra looked over at the man she was falling for as they drove down the hilled driveway, “What are you thinking about?”
“A lot of things,” his voice trailed away for a moment and she knew his mind was spinning. “For one, how sorry I am.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry for,” she whispered. She was the one who had brought this all on.
“Look at everything that's happened to you over the last week, Kyra.”
“None of it was your fault,” she looked out the windshield.
“There's a lot that never should've happened.”
“Maybe… maybe not. But you can’t hold it all on your shoulders.”
He came to a rough stop at the bottom of the hill where the drive met the road, “I don’t even know where to take you, Kyra!” He punched the steering wheel making the horn go off.
His head went against the wheel, and she couldn’t help but reach up and touch him. Her fingers relished the softness of the slight curls, her voice coming out soft, “Ben?”
He turned his head, looking at her.
“We’ll figure it out, for now why don’t we just drive?”
“To where?”
“Nowhere…. Wouldn’t it be harder to find us if we keep moving?”
He sat back up, looking for any cars coming towards them. He quickly pulled out, heading away from the town. After they had driven for a while, the dogs found a comfortable place to lie, and Ben put his arm behind her, pulling her up to him. She laid her head on his shoulder.
Her mind spun. Where could they go? They could just keep moving, but they would eventually have to stop and rest, or eat. That ran a risk of being noticed by someone. This Martinez didn’t seem like a person who was just going to give up either. Would he ever stop looking? They couldn’t spend the rest of their lives on the run. That wasn’t the way she was taught.
Her phone rang, and she reached down, pulling it out of her purse.
“Who is it?” Ben glanced at her.
She stared at the phone, “Anita.” Why was the woman calling her now? She hadn’t tried to get a hold of her since this had begun. Why would she do it now?
“Don’t answer it.”
She looked at Ben.
“I got an idea,” he took her phone, tossing it out the window. 
“My –” she watched as he threw his out next. “Care to share this awesome idea?”
“There’s a town a few miles ahead. We’ll stop there and get something to eat and gas. We’ll get new phones.”
“What?”
“They can trace us that way. There should be a pay phone there. I’ll call Tom and tell him what’s going on.”
She looked back down at her empty hands. How could this all have started over her brother talking to some girl? If this was really what the brother was like, then what was the girl like? Anita never seemed that cold-hearted.
It didn’t take long before they pulled up to a gas station. The dogs went to full attention as Ben got out of the truck. He filled the vehicle up with gas then came over to Kyra as she leaned on the open window watching him.
He smiled at her, “Do you need to use the bathroom or anything?”
“Yep,” she set up as he opened the door. “And I think they could use some water.” 
He held out his hand as she got out, “We’ll get them some.”
“Are we going to just leave it all out here?”
He smiled as he pulled her across the lot and towards the store, “They were police dogs, Kyra. No one’s going to bother anything in that truck.”
She smiled as they went into the store. She grabbed a couple large cups as she headed to the bathroom, to fill with water for Taz and Tasha. When she came back out, Ben was waiting for her, a cap on his head, and one in his hand. He smiled as he placed the cap on her head.
“Something to help hide us a little.”
“You were wearing one when I first saw you.” She smiled, reaching up and touching his face that was covered with stubble.
“And you had on jeans and a white t-shirt, with an ugly yellow jacket over the top of it.”
She laughed.
“But these green eyes are what got me,” he touched the tip of her nose.
“They really stand out don’t they?” Her smile faded. It was hard for her to hide and blend in. Her and Nicky both had always stood out.
“They do, but I love them.”
“You can pick me out of a crowd of people.” She looked away, but he brought her face back to his, taking one of the cups from her.
“I can, but there’s a reason for that…. Just try not to look at anyone.”
“So be rude?”
“Pretty much,” he touched the brim of the cap. “This’ll help too.”
“Did you get your calls made?”
“I did, but I’ll tell you about it in the truck.” He took her hand, leading her up to the counter. She was careful not to look at the cashier. “We have gas on nine, these two waters and here are the tags to the hats,” Ben smiled at the young woman.
She said the price, and Ben paid her with cash, then they left, heading back to the truck. 
Ben opened the door for the dogs, “Follow them over to the grass so they can pee. I’ll bring the truck.”
Kyra did so, setting the cups on the ground so the animals could get drinks too. She leaned against the front of the truck after he had it parked.
Ben got out and came to the front with her, “There’s a fast food restaurant just up the road with a drive thru. That work for you?”
“That’s fine,” she watched the dogs playing with each other.
“I’m really sorry about this.”
She looked over at him, “Would you stop apologizing?” She moved in front of him, and he pulled her up to him. “I’m sure if you had your way it would have been done the day it started.”
“It would have. Unfortunately, that isn’t the way it works.”
“I know that all too well,” she put her hands on his chest. “How many times have you had to do this?”
“Honestly?”
“Of course,” she looked at him and smiled.
“This is a first,” he touched her chin as he stood back up, whistling for the dogs. They came running back, getting one last drink, before jumping into the back of the truck. Kyra put the lids back on the cups, and climbed into the truck. Then they were back on the road, stopping long enough to get food.
Kyra fed the dogs their hamburgers through the back-sliding window, then she turned back around. They were heading out of the town, a long road stretched in front of them.
“Are we going to stop for the night, or are you going to let me drive so you can rest?” She glanced over at the man driving.
“We’ll stop. Besides, Bailey’s going to meet us there.”
“Bailey?”
“My sister,” he smiled. “I talked to her back at the gas station.”
“Why’s she meeting us?”
“She’s getting us a phone. She got it in her name so it isn’t linked to us. It’s like one of her kids or something. No one will be able to tell it’s us.”
“What about when you call Tom?”
“It’s just my sister getting the latest on where I might be at.”
She smiled; it was a good plan. 
He smiled over at her. He held his arm out to her, “Come here.”
She scooted across the seat to him. She laid down on her back, putting her feet out the window and her head on his leg, “You’ve really never done anything like this before?”
“Nope,” he glanced down at her. “Witnesses are usually put into protective custody, and if their lives are in danger, they’re definitely put there. If it’s really bad, the FBI steps in and gives them whole new lives.”
She looked up at him, “Do you think that’ll happen to us?”
“I won’t let it get that far.”
“Isn’t it pretty much what we’re doing now?”
He stared out the windshield, “I guess in a way we are.”

…..oooooOooooo…..

“Ky.”
Her eyes fluttered open as Ben touched her face. He smiled down at her, and she sat up, “I didn’t mean to fall asleep.”
“It’s alright,” he grinned. “We’re almost there.”
She looked out the windshield, realizing it was getting dark. How long had she slept? She looked in the back at the panting dogs. She grabbed one of the cups, holding it through the window so they could get a drink.
“They’re going back with Bailey.”
She looked at Ben, she didn’t want them to go, but she understood why, “They’d probably enjoy that better.”
“Other than the kids, I doubt it. They’re used to this.” He pulled into the small parking lot of a motel. “I’ll be right back.”
He left the truck running, and went inside. She watched him pay for a room and then came back out, looking around. He got back in, pulling the truck around to the back of the motel lot. He parked right in front of a door. 
“This one has two exits, and it isn’t up front for everyone to see.” He got out and held his hand out to help her. The dogs followed. He grabbed the two bags from the back, and put her in front of him as they went up to the door. Standing behind her, he unlocked it. She went inside, flipping on the light. The dogs ran in, sniffing the room. 
There was a bathroom as soon as you came in, and a king size bed on the other side of it, as you walked further into the room. A dresser sat on the opposite side of the room from the bed, with a small TV on it. By the back door were the windows and a small table with two chairs.
Ben sat the bags down, then closed the curtains, and turned on the air conditioner. Kyra sat down on the bed not knowing what else to do.
“I’m going to get the other two bags,” Ben said as he made sure the back door was locked. He walked back through the room. After a moment, he came back in with the last two bags. He sat the one with the laptop on the table. “They said they had Wi-Fi if you want on there.”
“I’m fine,” she pulled the hat off her head as Ben disappeared into the bathroom area, coming back out with bowls of water for the dogs.
“Bailey should be here in a few hours,” Ben sat down beside her. “She’s going to bring us some stuff and some food.”
“What do we do until then?” She looked over at him.
“Well…” he smiled. “We could watch TV or….” His voice trailed away as he reached up and touched her face.
She leaned into his touch, a grin growing on her lips. “I like the second idea.”
“You do?” He tilted her head up towards him. “Are you sure about that?”
“Very sure,” she reached up to touch him, but he grabbed her wrist. He leaned towards her, his lips tracing her chin.
“I’m leaning towards that one too,” he moved, wrapping his arm around her, lifting her to him, and moving them both up farther on the bed. He kissed her neck.
“Are you sure?” She whispered, her body already reacting to his touch.
“Positive,” his lips covered hers.

…..oooooOooooo…..

The knock at the door made Ben roll away from Kyra, but she was glad they were at least dressed again. He got off the bed, as she scooted down to the end. She watched him walk down the short hallway, and look out the peephole.
“Open up, it’s Bay.” The female voice came from the other side. 
“What are my dogs’ names?” Ben asked.
“Taz and Tasha, now come on!”
He laughed as he opened the door and the dark blonde came through. Her hair was long, but pulled back into a ponytail. Her brown eyes were a lot lighter than Ben’s. “Hey, Sis,” Ben closed the door behind her, as she was greeted by the two dogs.
“You’re such an ass,” she playfully hit him in the arm.
“But you still love me.” He gave her a hug.
“That’s because I have no choice,” she pulled away from him, walking the rest of the way into the room. She smiled at Kyra, “If you wasn’t my brother I wouldn’t be able to stand you…. And you must be Kyra.”
Kyra smiled, “It’s nice to meet you, Bailey.”
The smiling girl sat down on the bed by her, “I didn’t know what all you liked, or really needed, so I just guessed.” She handed her a plastic bag full of bathroom things along with hair ties and barrettes. She looked back up at her brother, “Here’s your to-go order.”
“Thanks, Bay,” Ben took the sack, setting it on the dresser by the TV.
“I got you some stuff too, like a razor. I can see you’re in desperate need of one.”
Kyra smiled as Ben rubbed the stubble along his jaw line, “No one’s complaining but you, dear sister.”
“You need to shave.”
“Maybe it’s part of my disguise.”
Bailey rolled her eyes as she took a moment to greet the dogs again. “And your phone,” She dug in her purse for a moment, bringing out the small cellular phone.
“You're the best, Bay.”
“So you want to tell me what’s going on?” She looked at her brother who'd had made himself comfortable on the dresser and was getting into the bag of food.
“Nope,” he smiled. “It’s top secret. If I tell you, then I’ll have to kill you.”
“You’re so not funny,” she reached over and hit his leg. “You’ve never had me do anything like this before. I deserve some kind of reason.”
“It’s too risky, Bay. I don’t want you or the boys in any danger.”
“Fine, my brother’s on the run, my kids keep asking about their uncle, and there’s a girl involved,” She looked at Kyra. “No offense.”
“None taken,” Kyra returned. “It’s actually my fault Ben’s here.”
They both looked at her. Ben was the one who spoke, “Don’t start, Kyra.”
“It’s the truth. She’s your sister and she deserves to know at least the basics.” She met Ben’s eyes.
“It isn’t her fault.”
“Bailey,” she turned to the other girl, looking into the lighter eyes. “My brother was shot and killed. Ben happened to be around when it happened and saved me.”
“That sounds like him,” she glanced at him for a moment, but then looked back at Kyra. 
“He was trying to figure out who did it, but I wouldn’t stay put like he said to. I kept asking questions and trying to dig for information instead of just going to him and letting him do it.”
“I can’t say I wouldn’t do the same,” she looked at her brother. “Didn’t you have officers watching her?”
“They failed their job more than once. I had to keep getting her and taking her back to the hotel.”
“Then someone threatened me in a note,” Kyra said, meeting his brown eyes again. “Then we got another one.”
“We?” Bailey looked back and forth between them.
“It threatened us both,” Ben answered. “And someone tried to strangle her.”
“You left her alone?” She looked at Ben, hitting his leg again.
“He saved me then too,” Kyra touched the girl’s hand.
“We went out to Cap’s cabin, but somehow they followed us and linked us to the town and started asking about us. We had to leave.”
“Where’s Tom?” Bailey looked at her brother.
“He’s still working on the case.”
“Who’s the suspect?”
“That’s what we can’t tell you,” Kyra turned the attention back to her. “And if anyone asks, you've never met me or heard of me before.”
“And you haven’t heard from me in over a week,” Ben said.
“I know the drill, Ben,” Bailey stood up. “We did have the same father.”
“I know,” Ben stood as Kyra did. “If you see anything out of the ordinary call Cap or Tom, okay?” 
“I will.”
“And be careful.”
“That’s how we were trained; you know I still watch out my rearview mirror.”
“I know,” he gave her a hug. “Thanks for doing this.” He kissed the top of her head.
Bailey turned to Kyra, “I hope we can meet again under better circumstances.”
“I do too,” Kyra answered, glancing at Ben.
“Well, pups,” she looked at the two dogs. “Ready to go for a ride?”
The dogs ran to the door.
Bailey laughed, “That must be a yes.”
Ben walked her to the door, “Thanks again, Bay. Tell the boys I’ll see them soon.”
“Don’t worry about us, just take care of yourself, and her,” she lowered her voice. “Don’t let your feelings get in the way either.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he smiled.
She gently punched him in the stomach, “Whatever. Just be careful. I want my brother back after this.”
After a few moments, Ben came back in, smiling.
“I like her, she seems really nice,” Kyra smiled as she went through the bag, so glad it had been a female who had been shopping for her. She had gotten everything Kyra could possibly need.
“And she likes to give me hell,” Ben smiled.
Kyra looked up at him, “That’s a big plus.”
“Somehow I thought you would like that,” he sat back down on the edge of the dresser. “We got a long night, why don’t you go take your shower?”
“That sounds great,” she stood up, Ben grabbing her and pulling her towards him.
“This’ll be much more fun than the last time we stayed in a motel together.”
She smiled, “I thought you liked the pool hall.”
“I did, I’m talking about the motel.”
Mentioning the pool hall made Kyra think of something, “Wait, I know where we can go.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I know where to go, and we’ll be safe.”
“Where?”
“Alex.”
He studied her for a moment, “The guy who owns the pool hall?”
“Yes,” She smiled; in her head, it was perfect. “He’s always been highly protective of me. He’d die before he let anything happen to me. Plus he grew up with us, and knows how to shoot any kind of gun.”
“Are you serious?” He pulled her closer to him.
“Trust me; if it hadn’t been for you, it’s where I would’ve gone for help.”
“You trust him that much?”
“I’ve known the man all my life, Ben. He might as well been a part of my family.”
“Alright.”
“What?” She looked at him in surprise.
“We’ll go there, in the morning.”
“Really?”
He smiled, “If you trust him then I will too.”
“Thank you!” She dropped the bag, smiling, and wrapping her arms around his neck. 
“You should take your shower,” he smiled at her. “It’s going to be a long drive tomorrow.”
She let him go, and carried the bag into the bathroom. She pulled out the soap, conditioner, and shampoo, and then set her water. After undressing she stepped into the tub, letting the hot water pour over her.
What was really going to happen to them? Were they going to survive this, or was her life getting ready to end? Ending wouldn’t be such a bad thing. She would be able to be with the rest of her family. She wouldn’t be the only one left anymore.
Except for Nicky’s baby. If she was gone, how would that baby be raised? That was assuming she was even able to have a part in its life. She had to face it; she knew nothing about Gabriela. She could be just like her brother, but in that case, she couldn’t see Nicky falling in love with her. 
Her life was never going to be the same again. She had to face that fact. She had to figure out what she was going to do if she did survive this. Where she was going to go, what she was going to do?
She had options, and plenty of them. But did she stick around and piece her life together? Or did she move away and start a new life someplace else?
Tears ran down her cheeks. She had never had to make decisions alone. She had never been alone. Nicky was always there.
Now it was just her. 
Every emotion ran through her body at once as she rinsed out her hair. She felt so alone and empty, confused and lonely. She let her body give in, moving down to sit in the tub, the water hitting her back from the showerhead.
Everything rushed through her mind, from her parents’ car wreck, to dealing with Tiffany and helping Nicky through it, to that fateful night in the dark, to the loss of her own baby, to Nicky dying right in front of her.
Her body rocked from her sobs, but she let it all out.

…..oooooOooooo…..

She came out of the bathroom quietly. She could hear Ben talking on the phone.
“You got good protection on her, right?” Ben’s voice reached her ears.
Kyra froze, listening to what was being said.
“Good, hopefully he wouldn’t try to do anything to her…. I know it would, but a lot of people would get hurt in the process.”
Kyra leaned against the sink.
“I can’t do that, Tom…. She only knows because I needed her to bring me some stuff…. We’re leaving first thing in the morning…. She seems to be doing okay. She hasn’t really had time to deal with anything…. How’s that any of your business…. Shut up, Tom.”
Kyra moved, coming out of the bathroom area. Her eyes met Ben’s soft brown ones, and her mind instantly went back to when she had first looked at them.
“I’m going to get off here. I’ll call you tomorrow,” Ben hung up the phone, still looking at her. “Are you okay?”
“Yah,” she whispered. “Were you talking to Tom?”
“He was catching me up on things.”
“Anything good?” Kyra leaned against the dresser, across from where he sat on the bed.
“We can talk about it later.”
“I don’t want to talk about it later, Ben. I want to now.”
He was quiet for a moment, “He found out what the note on your door was about.”
“Anita.”
“She’s the one that wrote it. Gabriela had came to her a month ago and told her about the relationship with Nick. Then a couple weeks ago, Diego showed up at her door ranting and raving about the same thing.”
“Did Anita tell Tom this?”
“She asked for me actually. She settled for Tom when he told her I had you in protective custody because someone tried to kill you.”
Kyra fought the tears threatening to come again.
“She spilled it all. Basically, she turned Diego in for the…” his voice trailed away.
Kyra didn’t need him to explain, she knew what he meant. “Does she have protection?”
“She’s been moved from her house and into protective custody until the trial’s over.”
So Anita turned her own brother in for killing Nicky. The man they were dealing with was a horrible person. What would he do if he found her? Would he really kill his own sister? “She left the note for me?”
“I guess she begged Diego not to do it, but convincing him of anything is impossible once he sat his mind to it. She didn’t want anything to happen to you. She left the note, trying to get you out of the line of fire.”
The tears made their way out even though she fought them. It was a battle she knew she wouldn’t win anyway. The picture of Nicky lying on the porch flashed into her head again. Promise me…. Nicky’s voice rang through her head. You’ll be careful.
If Ben hadn’t been there, she would probably be dead too. She looked at the man who had saved her life more than once over the last week.
“Hey,” he stood up, coming over to her, and pulling her into his arms. “I promise I won’t let anything happen to you.” He kissed the top of her head. She instantly remembered having to identify her brother, and turning into this man’s arms.
“I want it to be over, Ben,” she whispered, holding onto his shirt. “I want to put him to rest and move on with my life.”
“I know, Ky,” he whispered back. “I’m trying.”

…..oooooOooooo…..

That night she kept dreaming of the night her brother died. It seemed to replay itself over and over in her head. It seemed like the only time she didn’t have the dreams was when she was in Ben’s arms.
But then her dream changed, Diego was there. He was laughing at her as she was tied up in a chair. Ben was there too, with Tom, Tiffany, Gabriela, and Anita. She watched as the evil man shot Anita and Tiffany. Kyra screamed at him, begging him to stop. He shot Tom. Then he laughed and shot the woman carrying the baby. The evil man looked at her as she sat there and cried helplessly. Then he laughed, pointing his gun at Ben. Kyra screamed as the gun went off.
She sat up in the bed, breathing heavy. Strong arms instantly wrapped around her, pulling her into his hold.
“He shot you,” She whispered, wrapping her arms around him. “He shot everyone.”
“I’m right here,” Ben whispered into her ear, sending the tingles through her body.
She looked at the man she knew she loved but shouldn’t. She reached up and touched his face. “I don’t want him to kill you,” her voice came out weak. She slowly leaned forward, barely kissing his lips. “I don’t want to be without you.”
“You don’t have to be,” he whispered back. “You never have to be.” He kissed her gently as she moved, placing herself on his lap, her legs on each side of him. 
Tears flowed down her cheeks, “You’ll leave me.”
“Not if you want me to stay,” he slowly leaned her back on the bed.
Her hands pulled at his bare back as he kissed her chin, slowly moving to her neck. Her hands ran down his back to his pant line. She wanted him, needed him. She never wanted to be without him, “Make love to me, Ben.”
She leaned up, kissing his neck as she tried to undo his pants. He moved from her, helping her out with them. She pulled him back to her as he slowly unbuttoned her pajama top, his lips meeting hers. He kissed her chin, moving over to her ear, “You drive me crazy, Kyra.”
Tingles flowed through her body as his hands reached the last button of her shirt, and he pulled it away from her. Her panties followed, his fingers running over the area, sending electricity through her body and she moaned. He leaned down, his lips brushing hers as she took a deep breath. She could feel him against her bare leg, his fingers caressing her body. “Love me, Ben,” she whispered, looking into his wonderful brown eyes.
“I do love you,” he kissed her neck, “more than anything.” He moved so he was between her legs. Her legs wrapped themselves around his hips. Her fingers tangled in his hair, and his lips trailed down her neck and back up to her mouth. “I would do anything for you,” he whispered as his mouth covered hers, and he slowly entered her body.
Chapter Ten

Kyra looked in the mirror at herself as she pulled her hair through the strap of the baseball cap. All her things were packed and in the truck, the motel room was just as they had found it. Ben was outside on the phone.
Tears filled her eyes. Why had all of this happened to her? What had she done in her life to deserve to be alone? But she wasn’t really alone, was she? Tiffany was back in her life, there was still Alex and Micky. Then there was Ben and Tom.
But where did she fit in? She felt like she fit, but did she really? She was the witness, the one nearly killed twice and Ben saved. She was the one who poked her nose where she shouldn’t have, causing her and Ben to have to hide.
She knew Alex was trustworthy; he would protect her with his own life. Now, though, she was having second thoughts on going to him. She didn’t want to risk his life. She couldn’t let anything happen to anyone else. She didn’t want anyone else to get hurt because of her. 
Maybe it was time to just go home. Go back to where it all began so many years ago. To go back to where she had grown up, and had once been so happy, without a care in the world. When her parents died was when it all began to go bad. That was when her life was changed forever.
The door came open in the mirror and Ben peeked in. His hair was slicked back under the cap, so it only showed in the back. His brown eyes made her heart melt. She forced herself to smile as she looked at his handsome reflection.
“Are you ready to roll?”
“Yep,” she whispered as she picked her brush up off the counter. She turned towards him as he stepped in the door, meeting his eyes.
“Are you alright?”
“Fine,” she started to go by him, but he stopped her easily with his arm. “I’m just thinking about things, Ben. I’ll be fine.”
He let her go and she went to the passenger side of the truck, getting in. She watched as he pulled the door shut, and then got in on the opposite side of her. What was she doing? The man was a cop. The very thing she swore she would never love, and now she was falling for him. Who was she kidding? She had fallen for him, from the moment she looked into those brown eyes.
Now though, that could all be taken away from her before she had the chance to fully have it. She couldn’t live that way, could she? She was scared enough something was going to happen to him now.
She stared out the window as they drove down the highway, her mind jumping all over the place. She thought about her parents’ house setting empty all these years because she couldn’t fully let them go. She had never let go of her belief of them being killed even though there was no evidence of it.
She would change everything when this was over, if she managed to survive it. She had to let her parents go, and not hold on to Nicky the way she had them. She would clean out the house, and move back to the place she had loved so much. She would make the house her home.
She would start her life over.
She would put her family to rest.
And she was going to do everything she could to be a part of that baby’s life.
She looked over at the handsome man driving the truck. “What will happen when this is over?”
“That depends on how it ends.”
“What will you do?”
He glanced over at her, “Is this what you’ve been thinking about?”
She looked back out the windshield, “I’ve been thinking about a lot of things.”
“Do you want to share?”
“Not really.”
“Come here,” he reached over to her, and she slowly moved over to him, letting him wrap his arm around her. “There may be some trials to sit through; there will definitely be lots of media.”
“Will I have to talk to them?”
“Not if you don’t want to.”
“Do you think we'll survive?”
He pulled her closer, kissing her head, “I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Why do you keep saying that?”
“Because I won’t.”
“Ben,” She tried to move away, but he stopped her. “That isn’t something you can control.”
“Fine, I’ll die before I let anything happen to you.”
“You might not be able to prevent it anyway.”
He pulled over to the side of the road, turning her face to him, “I don’t plan on anything happening to you. You're gonna live until your hair's gray if I die trying.”
Her voice caught in her throat, “I don’t want you to die.”
“I have a hell of a will to live, Kyra.”
“That doesn’t make a difference if you’re shot in the head.”
“Why are you thinking so negatively for?”
“I’m just thinking of all the possibilities, Ben. Those include none of us surviving.”
“But we will survive, Ky. You’ve got to believe that.”
“I hope so,” she whispered.
“No more negative thoughts?” He tilted her chin up.
“I’ll try not to.”
He put the truck back into drive, pulling back out onto the highway. They continued traveling in silence, stopping in the next town for gas and food. Ben took advantage of that time to call and touch base with Tom.
“I gotta go,” Ben suddenly hung up the phone, quickly coming over to Kyra. “Get back in the truck.”
The look on his face made fear roll through her body, especially the way he had gotten off the phone. She looked back the way he had looked. “What’s wrong?”
“Get in, Kyra,” he moved her over to the door.
She climbed into the truck, with him right behind her. Quickly, he started it and headed them back down the road. She watched as he kept looking in the mirrors. She looked behind them. There was a little blue car about a car length back, then a white SUV, and a few more cars. 
She looked back at Ben. What had he seen at the gas station to make him act like that? There had been cars around them all day long. 
“Tell me what you saw, Ben.”
“The SUV.”
“What about it?”
“It’s been following us for a while. I noticed it awhile back. It was when it pulled into the gas station and parked, and no one got out.”
“You think it’s Martinez’s men?”
“Could be. I’m not taking chances.”
“Did you tell Tom?”
“Nope.”
“He’s probably freaking out.”
He tossed her the phone, “We aren’t that far out, call him. Give him the plates if you can see them.”
She dialed the last number called, listening to the ringing.
“Wilkerson.”
“Hey.” She returned.
“Kyra?”
“Who else would it be?” She smarted off.
“Ha ha, what’s going on?” Tom laughed.
“We have a white SUV that’s been following us for awhile.”
“Are you sure?”
“He noticed it hours ago. We stopped to get food and gas, and it came in too, but no one got out. When we left, it followed.”
“Yep, sounds sure to me. Can you see the plates?”
She looked out the back window.
“Hold on,” Ben said, wrapping his arm around her as he pulled out into the other lane.
“Z58-F1B”
“Good girl,” Tom smiled.
“I’m not a dog, Tom.”
“Far from it,” he returned. “When we finish this you wanna go out?”
“You’re seriously going to hit on me now?” She turned back around, catching Ben glancing at her.
“Why not?”
“What about Tiff?”
“She can come too, but Ben’s gotta stay home.”
She grinned, “How’s that fair?”
“It’s not. That’s the point.” He snickered, “Tell Ben it’s registered to a Marcus Balan. Sending someone out now.”
“Marcus Balan?”
“He’s with Martinez,” Ben said, he held out his hand for the phone.
“Hang on, Tom,” she handed the phone to him.
“He works for Martinez,” Ben put the device up to his ear. “I know for a fact…. Your memory is shot, man…. There you go…. I’m already headed that way.”
He hung up tossing the phone into the seat. He pulled the gun out of the back of his pants, where it had been hidden under his shirt. Kyra watched as he glanced in the mirrors. “Where are we going?”
“Heading back to town,” Ben answered as he pushed on the gas more. “Tom’s going to meet us with backup.”
“Then what?”
“We’ll take you to the station, and figure out our next move.”
“I don’t think he wants me dead.”
He looked at her then, “What?”
“If he wanted me dead, I would already be. He’s had opportunities for it to happen. Like that morning when we was standing outside the house.”
“There were other people around.”
“That didn’t stop him from having Nicky killed, Ben. It wouldn’t have stopped him then. They could have shot me in the parking lot if they wanted to. I don’t think he wants me dead.”
“Then what is it he wants?”
“I don’t know,” she turned away from him, looking out the passenger mirror at the vehicles behind them. She watched as a tan truck, behind the SUV, pulled off the highway and onto a side road, but it had done it quickly. She turned; looking back at the dust the truck had sent flying in the air. “Did you see that?”
“A little fast wasn’t it?”
“I would say so,” she turned back around. A sign reading 53 Highway went past them. “I know where we are.”
“Heading back for town.”
“Turn on the next road.”
“What?” 
“You heard me,” she picked up the phone, quickly punching in the numbers she had memorized. There was no choice now.
“Hello?”
“Where are you at?” She asked, glancing behind them, and bracing herself as Ben made the sharp corner. The SUV followed, staying back a little ways.
“Kyra, is that you?” Alex asked.
“Yes.”
“Where are you at?”
“Headed your way.”
“What’s wrong?” Concern filled his voice.
“I need that help.”
“Tell me what I need to do.”
“As much help as you can get, and probably lots of guns.”
“That bad?”
“Looking like it.”
“You know I got your back, Beautiful. Come on up here. I’m getting ready.”
“Alex, this may be really bad.”
“Don’t you worry, Kyra. See you soon.”
Alex hung up the phone, and she instantly called Tom’s number.
“What are you doing, Kyra?” Ben looked at her.
“Getting ready,” she answered as Tom answered. “Tom, go to 5151 Southend.”
“Why?” Tom asked.
“Just meet us there.”
“Kyra, this isn’t something to-”
“Shut up, Tom, and just trust me. You have your backup and I have mine. Meet us there.” She hung up the phone.
Ben’s arm came around her, and he pulled her against him hard as the tan truck came straight for them. Somehow, he managed not to get hit. The other truck barely missed them and Ben floored it.
“Alex gonna be ready for this?” Ben asked.
“He’s ready for a world war,” she looked behind them as the truck came back on the road behind the SUV. She looked out the windshield as cars turned up the long driveway still a few miles from them. “That is where we’re going.”
Ben pressed on the gas more as they watched Tom’s truck turn up the drive. The phone rang instantly and Ben answered. He was quiet for a moment as Tom talked, “I’m almost there…. That’s all I’ve seen…. So I hear.” He dropped the phone as they came upon the turn and he grabbed ahold of Kyra as he quickly made it. They bounced up the drive, and the house came into view. A dozen officers and a dozen other men stood in front of the house. Tom and Alex stood in the middle of them.
Ben slid the truck to a stop as Alex came running over to the vehicle, opening the passenger door and pulling Kyra out, “Get inside.”
“No,” she reached back in to grab a gun out of the bag, but Alex was stronger than her. 
He spun her to him, “Tom’s already filled me in on what’s going on. Get in the house. They ain’t getting to my girl.”
“Alex, you don’t-”
“I do, Kyra,” his eyes grew hard. “Now get inside.” He pushed her towards the house as vehicles came up the drive. Kyra ran to the house with Ben following. Gunfire rang through the air.
She turned in the door, looking up at Ben, “Give me a gun.”
“Not unless I have to, Kyra,” he answered.
“I’m not helpless!”
He looked at her, “I’m well aware of that.”
She looked at the window as more vehicles came into view. She looked back at Ben, “Those are my friends out there.”
“Mine too, and we’re trying to protect you.”
“He won’t kill me,” she grabbed his shirt.
Ben’s eyes met her stubborn ones again, “Don’t underestimate him, Kyra. He’ll kill you in a blink. We’re trying to avoid that.”
“I want to avoid the people I care about dying!”
“Then why did you come to them?” He yelled back at her.
“We weren’t going to make it to the station, Ben! There were more cars behind us than we saw! We would’ve been lucky to make it to Tom!”
“Don’t you think I know that?”
“Stop being a damn cop for a minute and listen to me!”
“Only if you stop being so damn stubborn!”
Glass breaking at the back of the large house made them stop yelling, and he pulled her up to him, “My main concern is you, Kyra, and only you.” He pulled her over to the staircase, looking down the hallway. His gun was pointed up, ready to fire as he held her against him.
He moved her around to the steps. Slowly, they made their way towards the top. Halfway up, the sound of glass breaking came from a room up there. They both looked up, and then Ben looked back down. 
“How well do you know this house?” Ben whispered to her.
“Pretty well, why?”
“How many exits do we have?”
“Three if we go down, balconies in the up.”
“Not much of an option then,” he slowly moved down, keeping his gun ready with one hand, the other had a hold of her. “Besides the front, what do we got?”
“One in the back and one in the room under the stairs.”
“That sounds like our best bet then.” 
They made the way back down as footsteps came across the floor upstairs and noise came from the back of the house. They slid slowly along the wall lining the staircase, Kyra feeling the wall behind her for the hidden mark that would open the door. Ben looked down the hallway with his gun pointed that direction.
“There’s a gun strapped to my right leg.”
“Now you’re going to give me one?”
“Well I can’t look in the room and out here at the same time.”
She knelt down behind him, pulling out the gun, and slid back up the wall. She turned her back towards his, hitting the switch and opening the door to the small room. Instantly she aimed the gun, praying no one would be in there.
No one was so she grabbed Ben, pulling him into the room, and closed the door. He turned, pinning her between him and the wall, swiftly locking the door, then looked down at her. Desire filled her body.
“Where’s this door?” He whispered.
“Behind you,” she could barely hear her own voice as he bent and brushed his lips across hers. 
“Keep your eyes on this door,” he turned away from her, taking her hand into his and they went across the room. A thumping noise came from the other side of the door from which they entered.
Kyra’s breath caught in her throat. Ben let her hand go as he slowly opened the door that would take them back outside. Her mind spun; what were they going to do once they were out there? “Ben?”
“What?” He asked, keeping his voice low as he looked outside.
“What are we going to do out there?” She looked up into his eyes.
“Run.” Then he made a horrible grunting noise as he fell backwards back into the room, blood soaking into his shirt from his side.
“Ben!” She dropped down beside him, tears filled her eyes, and she felt her heart break.
He pushed her out of the way as he aimed his gun at the door. Kyra moved back against the wall, covering her ears as he shot. 
A hand grabbed her hair, pulling her backwards, and she couldn’t help but scream. Her hands flying to her head to ease the pulling and pain.
“Kyra!” Ben’s voice echoed as she was pulled out the door.

…..oooooOooooo…..

A gun rested firmly against her head as a man stepped in front of her. She slowly looked up from where she sat on the ground, looking at the face she had seen so many times on the computer screen.
“Don’t cry, Mi Amour,” his voice was thick with a Spanish accent as he bent down in front of her. His arms rested on his legs. “I do not intend to hurt you.”
“Then let me go,” she looked at him with no feeling inside of her.
He reached over to touch her, but she jerked away, finding a hand across her face.
She groaned, but refused to cry out as she reached up and wiped the blood from her lip.
“You are even more beautiful than your picture.” He pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and handed it to her. “Do you know who I am?”
“You’re the coward who killed my brother,” her voice was full of sarcasm.
“Ah,” he smiled, still holding the kerchief to her. “You have it all figured out do you? Do you know what else I am?”
“You’re a killer, what more do I need to know?”
“You need to know plenty, since you are going to be my wife.”
“You’ll have to kill me.”
“That is not in my plans.”
“I will never marry you.”
“Oh, you will. Especially if you ever want to see your boyfriend alive again, or if you want to see that baby in my sister’s belly.”
“Why should I believe anything you say?”
“Because we are going to have a moment of truth.” He stood up, dropping the kerchief to the ground. “I did have your brother killed. I also know about your dear parents.”
“You’re lying.”
“Ah, but am I, mi amour?” He bent down in front of her again.
The gun stayed against her head, and a hand took a hold of her hair again.
He grinned, “My uncle was in a nasty position…. He needed to get rid of the captain before he was busted for his illegal affairs. I learned a lot from that man, before I killed him.”
She jerked but he pulled her hair harder, making her gasp again.
“It was made to look like a brake failure. They had been to a show, and left to go back home. They had no idea the lines were cut just enough the fluid leaked out until they tried to make that corner. It sent the car flipping through the air, landing on its top. Before anyone could get close enough the car blew up.”
“I hate you!” Tears flowed down her face as she tried to lunge at him, the hand pulling her back by its hold on her hair. “I hate you!”
“You will come around, they always do.” He touched her face and she spit the blood in her mouth on his face. “You are the key to my freedom.”
He casually pulled another handkerchief from his pocket, and wiped his face off. 
“First I must take care of your boyfriend.”
“He’s already been shot,” she whispered.
“Come,” he pulled out a gun, aiming it at her as she was pulled to her feet. Diego Martinez wasn’t much taller than she was. “He is insisting on seeing you.” He put her back to his chest as his hand went around her throat and the gun to her head.
“This isn’t going to work out the way you want, Diego.”
“It will work out just fine. But I must say you have been my biggest challenge.” He slowly walked them out to the drive behind a few of his men. “And I have lost a few men chasing you down.”
“Ben will kill you.”
“He won’t risk shooting you,” she felt him smile beside her ear. “I always have the upper hand.”
“Not this time,” she smiled. “You’re highly underestimating me and my friends.”
“We will see about that, mi amour.”
“Where’s she at?” Ben’s voice echoed off the top of the hill.
“Right here!” Diego yelled back as his men stepped out of the way.
“Let her go,” Ben’s voice was stern as he stood confidently in front of the house. Alex and a several other men stood with him, including the two officers she'd met before going to the cabin. She breathed a sigh of relief. Everyone had their guns aimed at the smaller group where she was. She tried to look around without moving her head, where was Tom? She hoped that he wasn’t dead. 
“I have what I came for, and now you let us go,” Diego called back to him.
“Let me show you how serious I am,” Ben moved his hands slightly, shooting the man on the right side of her, but the one on the left fell too. Their plan was starting to form in her head.
“We had a deal!” Diego screamed, hiding behind her.
“Don’t you know not to trust cops, Diego?” Ben returned.
“I promised you no harm would come to her!”
“You have already gone back on that deal.”
“She hasn’t been hurt!”
“Then why’s there blood on her face?”
“That was an accident, before she was brought to me. I already corrected the man.”
“Hey, Diego!”
The chicken peeked over her shoulder.
She could see Ben smile, “It seems you’re all alone.”
Kyra felt the man look around.
“Kyra, stay looking at me,” Ben said and her eyes went to his. “Look only at me.”
She could see the red on his shirt and her eyes filled with tears.
“Kyra, it’s only a scratch. Look at me.”
She blinked, forcing the tears away, as she felt Diego’s breathing become more rapid as he began to panic.
She watched Ben slowly nod. “Hey, Diego,” she whispered, “burn in hell.” She elbowed him hard in the gut as she kicked his knee out. The gun fell from her head, and his hold on her throat loosened as he cried out. She dropped to the ground as the guns went off, crawling towards the house.
The shots came to a stop, and she struggled to get her feet under her, tears streaming down her face. Ben’s arms wrapped around her and he groaned as she fell against him. He slowly lowered them both to the ground as the sirens filled the air.
 “It’s over now,” he whispered, holding her to him. He put his lips on the top of her head. “It’s all over.”
The sirens reached them, coming to a stop, and the lights danced off the house. Paramedics and more officers filled the area. She saw Tom talking to Cap, and Alex being persuaded to get on a gurney. 
She looked up at the man who had once again been shot trying to save her. His thumb wiped the tears from her face, even though more were forming. His eyes were soft, “He can never hurt you again.”
“Ben,” she reached up and touched his cheek. “I –”
“Ma’am,” a female voice came from behind them, “we’ve been told to check you out and that the detective has been shot.”
Kyra slowly moved away from the warmth of Ben’s hold. She looked at the wound on his side hidden from her view by the shirt. Her voice came out in a whisper, “Just a scratch, huh?”
He smiled, and her heart melted, “I needed you to stay focused so you could do just what you did.”
A small hand touched her arm as another paramedic came walking up to Ben. 
“This way, ma’am.” The girl said, leading her over to an ambulance. She watched as Ben went over to a different one, and they started to check her over, “Are you hurt anywhere?”
Kyra didn’t respond at first, she watched as Ben raised his arm, and they pulled up his shirt. She could see the bloody hole from across the drive. His eyes met hers.
“Ma’am?”
“No,” she returned, tears filling her eyes again.
“What about the cut on your lip and chin?” The lady asked. Kyra hadn’t even looked at her to see who the voice belonged too.
“That’s it,” she answered, looking at all the people lying on the ground. “I’m fine.” It all felt like it was a dream, like the last week had been a dream. It had all started with the life of her brother ending, and stopped with the lives of many.
She barely felt it as the blood pressure cup was strapped to her arm. She looked at Alex, who they had managed to get into an ambulance, but not on the gurney, “What happened to him?”
She felt the lady move to look the direction she was, “He took a bullet in the leg.”
Her eyes started moving again, stopping on the six bodies that had fallen while she stood with them. In the center, she knew Diego Martinez was dead.
Kyra stood up, pulling the thing off her arm.
“Ma’am –” The lady tried to stop her.
“I’m fine,” Kyra jerked away. “Help someone who needs it.” She walked towards the body.
I also know about your dear parents. The accent echoed through her head as she neared the still body.
“Kyra,” a large hand caught her arm as he pulled her back. “You don’t want to see that.”
She tried to pull away, “I want to know he’s dead.”
“He is.” The strength was no match for her, and he spun her to look at him, one hand on each arm. She looked up into the blue eyes of Danny Masters, “I checked myself.”
“He killed…,” she tried to turn towards the body again, but Danny moved her away. “They took my whole family from me,” she whispered without emotion.
“Why don’t we go check on Ben?” He slid his arm around her, leading her away.
She knew he was trying to distract her, but it wasn’t going to work. She didn’t want to go to Ben. “No,” she pulled away, taking his gun with her. She slid it behind her back. “I don’t want to.”
“Sure you do,” Danny held out his hand to her. She knew he knew she had his gun. “Come on, Kyra. You don’t want to do this, give it back to me.”
“No, Ben could have died because of me.”
“It was a risk he was willing to take.”
“I wasn’t,” she whispered, pointing the gun at him. Tears filled her eyes. Danny held his arms up to stop the others as she heard them pull their guns. “I won’t shoot you, but I have to do this. I need to do this.” She stepped backwards, the tears running down her cheeks. “They took everything from me.” 
“Kyra, give me the gun,” Danny held his hand to her.
She saw Ben move from behind the ambulance, starting towards her. She pointed the gun at him and he stopped, “Just let me do this and I’ll give it back.” She had continued to move backwards as Tom stepped up to his partner.
“Kyra –” Ben’s voice pleaded with her.
“Stay there, Ben. I don’t… want you to… come near me.”
“Get your guns off her!” Ben yelled at the others around her and then looked back at Kyra. His voice was softer as he stepped towards her, “Kyra, it isn’t your fault.”
“Don’t, Ben. Please don’t.” Tears filled her eyes. “I did that to you. It was because of me. He wanted me.”
“Kyra, it wasn’t you,” he took another step.
“Shut-up, Ben!” The tears blurred her vision and the gun grew heavy in her hands as she stopped beside the man who killed her family. “My family is gone because of them. I want to make sure he’s dead.” She looked down at the lifeless body. There were bullet holes all over his chest and blood was everywhere. The empty dark eyes looked up at her, a single bullet hole right between them; she let the gun fall until it pointed at the dead man. Tears flowed down her face as she closed her eyes. 
Large arms came around her, sliding the gun from her hands. “He’s gone, Kyra,” Ben’s voice whispered in her ear and she turned to him. He held her close as he moved them back, away from the body. 
Tears ran down her face, and her body shook in his arms as she let everything come out that had built over the years. She let him hold her as she cried for her parents, for her brother, for the babies he had lost, for the one she had lost. She cried until she couldn’t cry anymore.
She started to realize a pattern in her life, a pattern that resulted in everyone she cared the most about dying and leaving her. She was alone, completely alone. She didn’t deserve anything or anyone. It would only result in death and pain.
It was her fault. She pushed away from him, looking at him for only a moment. Her voice came out weak as the tears began to form again. She felt her heart break as she whispered, “Stay away from me, Ben…. I never want to see you again.”
She turned, running, and Danny caught her in his arms. She fought to get away from him as a car pulled up beside them. Danny whispered by her ear, “Kyra, stop.”
“Let me go,” she begged as he turned her around to face the car. He opened the door for her, and she saw Cap in the driver’s seat. 
“He’ll take you to the station,” Danny said and she looked back at Ben. He had only moved towards her a few feet then had stopped. “Tiffany’s waiting for you.”
Kyra sat down in the seat and the door closed. Cap pushed the gas pedal and they drove away. She looked into Ben’s sad eyes and her heart broke again. She forced herself to look away as Cap’s hand covered hers.
“He knows you didn’t mean it,” Cap said to her.
She looked at the blood that had soaked into her clothes from Ben’s wound. “I don’t want him to get hurt ever again because of me. It’s better if he thinks I did.”
Chapter Eleven

Ben’s voice reached her ears making Kyra look at the television. He stood in front of the courthouse, dressed in a suit. His hair was falling towards his eyes, and she could tell he had gotten it cut. She picked up the remote, turning the volume up so she could hear him better.
“Is it really over, Detective?” A man’s voice asked.
“Yes, Diego Martinez no longer has any control in this town.” Ben answered.
“What about all the other unsolved murders he was accused of?” Someone asked.
“I don’t have a comment on those,” Ben returned.
Kyra looked away from the screen, but continued to listen. It hurt too bad to see his face, even though she was going to before long.
“Is it true you’re going on live national television?”
“Detective Wilkerson and I both are. Watch and maybe you'll find out more information.”
“What about Kyra Baldwin?” A female asked. “Will she be there?”
Kyra looked back at the screen and into the brown eyes. She thought she saw some pain in them.
“I heard she might, but I don’t know for a fact,” Ben answered.
“What are her plans now that Martinez is gone? Is it true he had something to do with her parents’ deaths also?”
“That’s Miss Baldwin’s personal business, and I’m not going to answer for her,” Ben said.
“No one can get close enough to her to ask her any questions. Is she in protective custody?”
“All I’m going to say is I hope she now has some peace with what happened.”
“After spending a week on the run with her that’s all you have to say?”
He smiled the charming smile that seemed weak to her, “Anything else I may have to say would be to her, and that’s none of the media’s concern or business.”
Tears filled her eyes as the man walked away from the camera. It had been almost a month since it had ended, and they stopped running. She hadn’t seen or talked to him since then.
She had worked on putting her life back together. She moved back into her parents’ home where she had grown up, and had gotten her a new cell phone line. She cleaned out her brother’s house of all the things belonging to them, and was still trying to unpack everything into the house now. She had to go through everything, trying to decide what she was going to use and what she wasn’t.
She had given away of all the furniture in her childhood home, going and replacing it with new stuff that fit her and not them. The home still reminded her of her brother and parents. She had placed pictures of them all around the house. She never wanted to forget, but she knew she had to move on. 
Later tonight, it would finally be the time to let her brother rest. They were having a small farewell to him at the pool hall, even though in the paper it said it was at the funeral parlor. She had already done it. She had sat in his house for hours, having a conversation with him. She had said good-bye to all of them, and it made her feel better.
They wouldn’t have wanted her to put her life on hold; they would want her to move on. To live, and that was what she was going to do.
Her brother’s home had been repaired, and she had given it to Tiffany. She turned the place into her home, and Tiff had come to terms with everything that had happened too. Her and Kyra called each other at least once a day.
So did Kyra and Gabriela. They even all met for lunch at least once a week. They were working on getting to know each other, and building new bonds. Gabriela had even asked Kyra to be there when little Nicky was born. All the while the mama to be and Anita worked hard on restoring and rebuilding the Martinez name, making it clear and a good name for the future child to be proud of.
Kyra’s hand went to her stomach. That was something she had yet to share with anyone. She had missed her period, and taken dozens of tests. Her first doctor’s appointment was in another two weeks. But she didn’t need to have a doctor tell her that it was true. She knew she was pregnant. She was still trying to figure out how she was going to tell Ben, let alone when.
A knock came from the door, and Kyra quickly wiped her tears away. She stood from the couch, going through the large house to the front door. Tiffany stood there in a light blue summer dress.
“You’re not ready yet?” She pulled her sunglasses from her face, walking past Kyra. 
Kyra looked out at the long circle drive. The limo was parked at the bottom of the steps leading to the door, the two men who stood there nodded at her. She knew there were at least a dozen men all around her property. Gabriela insisted they come here to protect her. Not only did Diego have many enemies, but he also had some very dedicated followers, and she wanted nothing to happen to the baby’s aunt.
“Kyra?” Tiffany’s voice interrupted her thoughts and she closed the door.
“I’m sorry,” Kyra looked at her. “I guess I lost track of time.”
“It starts in an hour and a half, and you have a half hour drive there. You need to get ready.” Tiff glanced into the living room, seeing the television was on. She looked back at Kyra. “Have you talked to him?”
“No,” Kyra walked off. “We’ve both been busy with things.”
“He’s asked about you.”
Kyra stopped in the hallway, but didn’t look back at her old friend.
“He asks every time I see him.”
Kyra knew Tom and Tiff were still seeing each other, and she went to the station all the time. “How's he doing?”
“He misses you.”
“I doubt he said that.”
“Not in those words, but I know he does. Tom even says he isn’t the same.”
“Being on the run and fighting for your life tends to change a person, Tiff.”
“Say that all you want, Ky. I’m not blind or stupid. Now go get ready so you’re not late.”
Kyra went upstairs to her room. She pulled out her dark green summer dress. She wasn’t looking forward to being on TV, but Tom had begged her. It wasn’t right to do it without her, is what he had said. And it would be a chance to tell her side of the story. 
She undressed, catching the reflection of her slightly bigger belly as she slid the green dress on. The little bulge was hidden once again. She slid on a pair of sandals and went back downstairs.
Ben’s voice once again came from the TV, “What happened between Miss Baldwin and myself, or what may happen, is between the two of us.”
Tiffany hit the power button, making the screen go black, “I’m surprised you even have a TV in the house. You never watch it.”
“I don’t mind it,” she finished walking down the steps as the blonde came into the entry. “It’s the news I don’t care for.”
“And yet, it’s what you keep watching.” They walked over to the door, “What does that tell you?”
“Nothing,” Kyra walked out the door and to the limo. But she knew what the girl was getting at, and she was right. She missed Ben, and it was the only way she had seen or heard him over the month. 
It wasn’t his fault either. He had tried to contact her; she was the one avoiding him. She was the one that made it where he didn’t know how to get a hold of her or where she was. Even if he came out to the house, he never would have made it past the security Gabriela had all over the place.
Tiffany got in, and the limo pulled out of the drive, heading down the highway towards town. It didn’t seem to take long enough before they pulled up in front of the local television station. One of the bodyguards came and opened the door, helping her out. 
The media was all over the place, and she was grateful the station had roped off the area where they would walk. She tried to smile as the cameras went off as she walked inside with the guard and Tiffany. An older man waited there for them, escorting them back to where the filming was going to take place.
“Stand here and wait, Mr. Ashland will call you up when he's ready.” The man walked off.
Kyra looked at the stage set up with the host’s chair and three chairs for the guests facing where she waited. Ashland was a very popular news anchor in the city, and he had asked them all personally for this interview. He had even come out to her house to get a hold of her.
She watched as he stepped up on the stage, a huge smile on his face. He was an older, but handsome man. He looked very distinguished with the gray highlighting his hair. In a strange way, he reminded her of her father.
“Thank you for joining me for this live broadcast on the Martinez case,” he looked at the camera. “We even have some wonderful guests for you today, including a surprise one…. First let me introduce the well known detectives to the show.” He turned to the opposite side she stood on, “Ben Chamberlain and Tom Wilkerson.”
Everyone started clapping, making Kyra realize not only was this being broadcast live, but also had an audience. She took a deep breath as she watched Ben and Tom walk onto the stage together, shaking Ashland’s hand. Her heart skipped.
Tiffany leaned over to her, “Just pretend they aren’t there. Don’t look at them.”
She watched as the men took their seats. Tom sat in the middle and Ben on the end, leaving the seat next to Ashland for her. Ben looked at her, and her heart skipped. He grinned slightly at her.
Tiffany was right; he didn’t seem the same. He didn’t have that glint in his eyes he had when she met him, and he looked… sad.
“Detectives,” Ashland sat down in his chair, “we want to thank you for personally bringing the rein of Diego Martinez to an end.”
Ben’s eyes didn’t leave her; Tom was the one who answered, “We didn’t do it alone, there was plenty of officers and even some of Miss Baldwin’s friends that helped. She helped a lot with the case.”
“How's that?” Ashland asked.
“She found a lot of the clues linking the case to Martinez.”
She forced herself to look away from the man she loved as Ashland spoke to him, “Detective Chamberlain, you're usually the spokesperson of the cases, have the two of you switched roles?”
“I’ve already told the media what I have to say.”
“You’re usually the one for the facts. May I ask what brought on this change in you?”
She felt Ben’s eyes on her, “How ‘bout you just bring out your next guest, and I’ll try to get friendlier.”
She looked back at him for a moment. Had she been the one who did this to him?
“Sounds like a good idea,” Ashland stood, Tom and Ben following. “Honoring us with her first interview, it’s my pleasure to introduce to you, Miss Kyra Baldwin.”
She stepped up on the stage as everyone clapped. She watched as Tom leaned over, whispering something in Ben’s ear.
“Working on it,” he answered low enough he couldn’t be heard by anyone but Tom.
Ashland smiled at her, shaking her hand. 
Tom stepped over to her, kissing her cheek, “Nice to see you again, Beautiful.”
“Same to you,” she gave him a smile.
Ben stepped up to her, and she couldn’t help but look up into his eyes. He bent down, kissing her cheek, letting his lips linger for a few moments before he moved away.
Tom guided her over to her seat, and everyone sat down together.
“Thank you for being here today, Miss Baldwin,” Ashland smiled at her.
“It’s my pleasure,” she lied, faking her smile.
“You're far more beautiful than I pictured.”
“Thank you, and please call me Kyra. Miss Baldwin sounds way too formal.”
“As you wish,” she tried to keep her eyes on the host and not look over at Ben, even though she knew both the men were looking at her. Ashland looked at her, “I must extend my deepest sorrow for what you have been through.”
“Thank you,” she whispered. “You can go ahead with the questions.”
“Alright,” he smiled. “Are you always this direct?”
“To put it mildly,” Ben mumbled and Tom glared at him.
“She isn’t the type to hide what’s on her mind,” Tom smiled.
“Do you mind me asking where you got that from?” 
“My father was a police officer. Actually the Captain, when he was killed.”
“Everyone knows Captain Baldwin. He was a wonderful captain. He achieved a lot while he was captain too. This city will never forget that loss. Your mother was with him also, wasn’t she?
“She was.”
“And Diego Martinez confessed to being responsible for their deaths?”
“No, it was his uncle. He was responsible for my brother.”
“May I ask what Nick was like?”
“He was the best big brother anyone could ask for,” she grinned.
“What is your favorite memory of him?”
“There's too many to choose from.”
“Tell him the one you told me,” Ben’s voice came to her ears again, and she looked into her lap.
“Would you shut up?” Tom whispered to the other man.
“Kyra,” Ashland asked and she looked back up at the older man. “Would you like to share the one Detective Chamberlain is referring too with us?”
“Actually, my memories are more private, and I would rather not share them with the world.”
“That’s fine,” Ashland patted her leg, and she saw Ben flinch out of the corner of her eye. “We can move on if you would like.”
Kyra only nodded as the man moved his hand.
“With your parents’ death there was no evidence of foul play so it was ruled as an accident, correct?”
“Yes.”
“But with Nick, that wasn’t the case. Not only were you an eye-witness, but so was Detective Chamberlain.”
Kyra nodded, “The detective actually took a bullet meant for me.”
“It was a flesh wound,” Ben said.
“A flesh wound, Detective?” 
“It only grazed my skin, and didn’t even need stitches. It wasn’t a big deal.”
“I think you might just want to keep going,” Tom leaned forward slightly.
Ashland looked confused, “Alright.” He looked back at Kyra, “How did it come to the two of you going into hiding?”
“I went around asking questions when I should have stayed at the hotel like Detective Chamberlain insisted.”
“You feel like it was your fault then?”
“I know it was.”
“No, it wasn’t,” Ben interrupted, again.
Ashland looked over at him, “How's that, Detective?”
“It’s Ben,” he looked at the host. “She helped the case by doing what her father taught her. No one blames her for trying to find answers. The reason we had to go into hiding is because we received notes threatening our lives, and one of Martinez’s men tried to strangle her.”
“I’m glad he didn’t succeed.” The older man smiled at her.
She forced herself to smile back, “He would have if Ben hadn’t been there.”
“Do you feel you owe your life to him?”
“More than once.”
“She doesn’t owe me anything,” Ben mumbled and Tom elbowed him.
“What kind of information did you find, Kyra?” The host asked.
Tom set up more in his chair, “She linked Nick’s death to Martinez.”
“How's that?”
“We aren’t willing to disclose that information due to privacy issues.”
“Then on to a different question,” Ashland continued to smile. “Were you afraid for your life while you were on the run?”
“She’s not afraid of anything,” Ben mumbled again.
Kyra looked at him for a moment then back at the host, “Detective Chamberlain and Detective Wilkerson made me feel very safe, as well as others from our wonderful police force.”
“The three of you must have become pretty good friends over the time you spent so closely together.”
“We all have,” Tom answered, taking Kyra’s hand into his, and she smiled at him. “Ben and I have been busy lately working on closing the case, and her parents’ case, along with dealing with the media.”
The man looked back at her, “What about you, Kyra?”
“I’ve been trying to get my life straightened out so I’m able to move on.”
“Have you succeeded?”
“I believe I’m getting there.”
“Is it true you are in protective custody?”
“No.”
“You haven’t been seen much, and when you have, you’ve been surrounded by guards. So has Gabriela Martinez…. Is there any connection there?”
“Miss Martinez is trying hard to clear her family’s name.”
“Are the two of you friends?”
“Yes, we are. She’s nothing like her brother. She insisted I have protection, and provided me with them.”
“If I may ask a personal question since I saw a public announcement in the paper. Have you been able to put your brother to rest?”
“He was cremated, so I’m not burying him. But there is a ceremony honoring him tonight.”
“May I ask for details for anyone who may have missed the announcement?”
“Of course…, it will be at Palmer’s Funeral Home, tonight at seven. If anyone wishes to shoot a round in honor of Nicky then they're welcome to come on over.”
Ben chuckled, “That’s funny.”
Everyone looked at him, Ashland being the one who spoke, “What’s funny?”
“‘Shoot a round.’”
“How is that funny?” Ashland asked.
“Umm, anyone that truly knows me or Nick,” Kyra looked away from Ben and back at the host, “knows what it means.”
“May I ask for clarification?”
She smiled sweetly, “No disrespect, but it’s personal.”
“None taken,” he smiled back at her. “Have you thought about writing a novel to tell the world your story?”
“I’ve been approached about it,” Kyra answered. “My brother and I were very private people, and never liked the spotlight.”
“Is that a no?”
She grinned, “I wouldn’t hold your breath for one to ever come.”
“So this is as close as it gets?”
“It is, and honestly, I should be going to get ready for the guests.”
“Of course, thank you for honoring us with your presence today. It's been a wonderful pleasure meeting you.”
“Same here,” she stood, and the three men did the same. She shook the host’s hand. 
Tom turned her to him, giving her a hug, and whispering in her ear, “See you in a bit.”
She smiled as he let her go and her eyes met Ben’s. The smile slowly faded as the tall man stepped up to her.
He pulled her into his arms, leaning down by her ear. Her body melted to him, her eyes closing as she took in the feel of him. For that moment, her world was once again complete. “You are beautiful,” He whispered.
“I'm pregnant,” her voice barely came out, his hold on her loosened and she hurried off the stage.
She heard Ashland’s voice, “Did I sense some awkwardness between the two of you?”
Ben’s voice reached her ears and she closed her eyes for a moment, fighting the tears threatening, “Must have been your imagination.”
“Let me ask, if I may, if you could go back and know everything still, would you change anything from that week?”
“There’s always things that could have went better, but all I have to say is I would do it a million more times for her.”
“Is there something deeper between you and Miss Baldwin?”
“Sorry, but I don’t discuss her with the media.”
“Come on,” Tiffany pulled on her hand, “or we're going to be late.”
She followed the blonde back out of the building and back to the limo. Her mind was spinning from seeing Ben again. She had missed the feel of his strong arms around her. The interview had only made her heart ache badly again.
Lost in thought, she hadn’t realized they had pulled up in front of the pool hall until Alex opened her door.
“There’s my favorite girl!” He smiled as he pulled her into his arms.
“How are you doing, Alex?” She forced herself to smile at him.
“Healing just fine,” he looked at her. “Which is more than I can say for you; you look like you just had your heart ripped out.”
“Many times,” she mumbled as they walked inside the well-guarded building. She was glad that she had made the announcement the way she had. The media would end up at the funeral home, and only the true friends and the ones she personally told would end up here.
“Why don’t you just let nature take its course and stop taking it into your own hands?”
“Alex, please,” she looked at him.
“Fine,” he put his hands up into the air. “It’ll all work out though, Love.”
She smiled at him, looking over at the handsome picture of Nicky that was on display. Pictures had been sat all around the large room.
She sat down at the bar, Alex coming over to her as more people came in. 
“Beer?” He looked at her.
“Just a Pepsi.”
He looked at her, puzzled, “Pepsi it is.” He walked off as Gabriela came and sat next to her.
“This was a wonderful idea, Kyra.”
“Thank you, Gabby,” she looked at the lady her brother had loved so much. 
Alex sat two open Pepsis on the counter in front of them. Kyra looked around the room as the place began to fill up. There were so many people already there that it was unbelievable. Everyone from the diner was showing up, and the factory, and even the friends they hadn’t talked to in years. 
Nicky’s favorite music played in the background, and he watched from his pictures. He smiled cheerfully as everyone laughed, talked, and caught up on old times. Some even spent time getting to know each other again.
Tom came in the door, and she waved at him as he talked to Danny Masters and Gabe McIntyre. Danny had even been one who checked on her often.
“How many of these people actually still talked to Nicky other than from the factory and diner?” Gabby asked.
“Well,” Kyra smiled, pointing to the gruff looking Alex. “That’s Alex. He runs this place. Nicky and I grew up with him. He might as well be our brother.”
“He is a good friend to you. I remember seeing him.”
“Too bad he got shot being that friend,” she looked into her drink.
“I’m sure he would do it the same way again, Kyra”
“I know he would.” 
The dark eyes looked at her, “Have you talked to Ben?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Been busy.”
“He has begged me for your number.”
Kyra looked at her in surprise; she had no idea the woman had spoken to Ben.
“You really should tell him.”
“What my number is?”
Gabriela leaned over to her so she could whisper, “About the baby.”
Kyra turned away, “I don’t know what you're talking about.”
“Yes, you do…. I’m not blind, my friend. I know you are. You forget it wasn’t long ago I was experiencing the same things.”
“Did you did tell him?” Kyra looked back at her new friend.
“No, it is between the two of you, not me.”
“I don’t want him to want to be with me because of it.”
“That really isn’t an issue, dear. The man loves you, and you love him. You are the only thing keeping the two of you apart.”
“Ladies,” Tom came over to them. He hugged Kyra from behind then sat down next to her. “Thanks for doing that today.”
“I promised you I would.”
“But I know you didn’t want to,” he looked at her.
“A promise is a promise.”
“Was it that bad?” His eyes held that spark they had when she first seen him, and that made her think of Ben. 
She looked away, “I’ve been in more awkward situations.”
“I don’t know why you keep doing this to yourself.”
“Shut-up, Tom.”
He smiled, “How ‘bout a game of pool? Do you mind, Gabriela?”
“Not at all,” she smiled. “Make this girl have some fun.”
Tom grabbed Kyra’s hand, pulling her to a pool table. They stopped half way there for her to hug Danny.
"Still okay?"
She grinned up at the blue-eyed man, "I'm sure you'd hear if I wasn’t."
"You look good…, tired, but good."
Her grin grew, "Thanks, I think."
"Sorry, I'm claiming her for now," Tom pulled on her. 
"Then I get a dance later," Danny smiled and winked at her before Tom pulled her towards the table again.
“I hear you’re a killer at this game.”
“I wonder who might have told you that,” she looked at him sarcastically.
“Need this?” Alex came over, handing her the pool stick she had used since he opened the place.
“Thank you,” she smiled at her old friend then looked back at Tom as he racked the balls. “Is he coming?”
“How should I know?”
“You’re his best friend.”
“He took off right after the interview was over,” Tom looked at her for a moment. “Do you want to break?”
“How fast do you want to lose?”
He smiled, “Awful confident, aren’t you?”
She smiled back, “You break.” She moved out of the way.
Tom walked by her, leaning over to line up his shot, “You know he hasn’t been the same.” He hit the balls.
Kyra watched as they rolled around the table, a solid going into the hole, “I suppose you’re going to enlighten me?”
“He’s in love with you, Kyra,” Tom took his next shot, missing.
She walked around the table, “So you say.” She leaned down and shot the ball into the hole, moving on to the next.
“And you love him.”
She paused for a moment, “Why do you say that?”
“I could see it before…, and today. The two of you belong together. Why do you keep fighting it?”
“Everyone I love has died, Tom, except for a very few. I want to keep it that way,” She stood up and looked at him. She had already shot most of the stripes into a hole. “Alex got shot protecting me, and Ben got shot twice because of me.”
“He’s been shot plenty of times –”
“I seen the scars, I know. But those were because of his job, not because of me.”
“Kyra, you can’t look at it that way.”
“That is the way I look at it, Tom. Tell me he didn’t put more of himself into my case because of me and I’ll let it go.”
“I can’t.”
“Exactly…. Therefore, it was because of me. I don’t want anything to happen to him. This is my way of protecting him.”
“Are you protecting him or yourself, Kyra?”
“Don’t do that, Tom,” She rolled her eyes.
“You lost your parents, and your brother because of one family, Kyra. And because of them you found someone you love and loves you. The Martinez’s can’t hurt you anymore; they can’t take anyone else away from you.”
She looked at Tom, “But someone else can.”
“Do you know Ben has turned down cases since then that are even slightly dangerous?”
“Is that supposed to make a difference? Besides I thought you wanted to play pool, not talk about him.” She took another shot then looked back at Tom. She followed his eyes over to the door as Ben walked through.
She moved back into the corner behind her. She watched as Ben walked up to the bar, her heart beating hard in her chest. As he was talking to Alex and Danny, she ran out the door, hearing Tom yell her name behind her.
She needed fresh air. 
The place looked like a fortress with all the bodyguards standing outside the building. Gabby definitely had the place covered. She leaned against the wall. It would have been easier to listen to stories about happy memories of her brother, than to have everyone asking her about Ben. And to have him show up just topped it all off.
“I didn’t mean to chase you out,” Ben’s voice reached her ears.
She instantly looked over at the dark figure standing by the door. He stepped towards her, moving into the light, his hands in his jean pockets.
“It looks like a lot of people showed up,” he looked over at her.
“It’s pretty crowded in there,” she looked at the ground instead of the brown eyes that melted her heart and made her ache for him.
“Why did you come out here?”
“I needed a breather.”
“Because of me?”
“No.”
“You’re not a very good liar, Kyra.”
“I needed a break before you came in.”
“Do you want me to leave? It isn’t like I was actually invited.”
“You have a right to be here too, just as much as Tom does.”
“But you invited him.”
She was silent as she fought the urge to run into his arms.
He leaned against the wall a few inches from her, “Why's this so awkward?”
She could feel him looking at her again, “Maybe because it’s been a while.”
“Not by my choice.”
“It’s better this way, Ben,” she turned away from him.
“Is that really how you feel, Kyra?”
She stopped, without turning around, “What do you want from me?”
“I haven’t asked you for anything.”
Now she did look at him, fighting the tears wanting to form, “Then why are you here?”
“I just wanted to check on you, for myself, and see that you’re okay.”
“You saw me earlier at the interview.”
“That didn’t count. You would've pretended to be ok.”
“I’m fine. And if you can’t tell, I’m well protected. You don’t need to protect me anymore.” She moved to go past him and back inside, but his hand caught hers and she stopped. She didn’t turn to look at him as the tears formed and tried to escape the brim of her eyes. She had missed his touch so badly. 
“Do you really think that was all it was about?”
“I was just your job, Ben; you had to keep me safe.”
“And what about the rest of it, Kyra?” His voice was low.
“It was just… an added bonus,” she nearly choked on the words. 
He turned her towards him, lifting her face to his with his hand. His thumb touched her cheek wiping away the tears that had escaped, “If that’s really how you feel, then why are you crying?”
“Ben,” She tried to move away, but he stopped her.
“How do you tell someone that and then run away?”
“You deserved to know.”
“Right then?”
“I didn’t know when I’d see you again,” she whispered.
“That’s a hell of a bomb to just drop.”
“I’m sorry.”
“Would you like to know why I came here tonight?”
She looked up into his eyes.
“I came for you.”
“I don’t want you to be with me because I’m pregnant, Ben.” The tears overflowed her eyes again.
“I meant what I told you that night at the motel, Kyra. It wasn’t because of the moment or the job, or anything else. You became far more than just another job the moment I looked into your eyes.” He wiped the tears again, as he pulled her closer to him. “And it isn’t because you are carrying my baby. I fell in love with you, and I haven’t stopped…. But if you want me to, I'll leave you alone.” He let go of her, standing there for a moment before he started to walk away.
“I don’t want you to leave me.” The tears ran down her face.
He stopped and turned to look at her.
“I didn’t want you to feel like you owed me anything, or like you had to make it okay between us because of what happened, or because of the baby. I didn’t want you to feel like you had to love me or even really care about me for any reason. I wanted you to know you can go on with your life and not worry about me anymore.”
“I won’t ever stop worrying about you, Kyra,” he whispered. “I want to be with you, marry you, and spend the rest of my life with you… if you’ll have me.”
She looked at him, “Was that supposed to be a proposal?”
He laughed a little, and she saw a hint of a smile, “No…. This is.” He quickly stepped up to her, pulling her into his arms, his lips covering hers, and his tongue entered her mouth.
There was no fighting it; she had wanted this to happen so badly. She let herself melt into him as he lifted her up and she wrapped her arms around him. Her fingers got lost in his hair and she once again felt whole. He slowly lowered her back down as he removed his mouth from hers.
“Will you marry me, Kyra Baldwin?”
“Not just because of the baby?” She looked up at him.
He cupped her face with one hand, keeping the other wrapped around her, a grin spread across his lips, “That is just an added bonus.”
“Really?”
“I love you, Kyra. I've been miserable ever since you got into that car. A part of me left with you. I realized I can’t live without you. I need you to even be able to breathe right.” He leaned down to kiss her gently, “So can I have an answer now?”
“Seriously?”
“Kyra, why's it so hard to convince you? It doesn’t make a difference to me if we have ten babies or none. I want to be with you, anything else is just…. A big bonus.”
She smiled, her voice coming out as barely a whisper, “Yes.”
He smiled as he looked up for a moment, “I didn’t hear you.” His brown eyes danced as he looked back at her, “Will you marry me, Kyra?”
Her smile grew, “Yes.”
He lifted her up into the air again as he spun her around. Shouts, cheers, and clapping came from the door of the pool hall. She couldn’t help but laugh with the man she loved as they looked at their audience.
She looked back at him, “I love you, Ben Chamberlain.”
“Are you sure you can handle being married to a cop?”
She took his face in her hands as he held her up, kissing him gently, “A detective….”
He laughed.
“And yes, as long as you never forget you’re married to me and not your job.”
He smiled, “I can handle that.”
“And all the others go to protective custody?”
“I only want to be with you.”
“No more over-nighters?” Tom said from the front of the crowd, Tiffany, Cap, Gabriela, Danny, and Alex stood alongside of him. 
“Can I sneak into your room?” Kyra looked down at her love.
“Every time,” Ben smiled up at her.
“I promise to try to send other officers out for the night ones,” Cap stepped forward.
Ben lowered Kyra back to the ground.
“I know how you feel about cops, Kyra,” Cap stepped up to them.
“It’s not so bad anymore,” she looked at him. “I had a lot of that faith restored.”
“Any chance of you joining the team then?” Danny asked.
“Hell no,” Ben put his arm around her from behind, his hand resting on her belly. “We got a baby on the way, there’s more to think about now.”
“Don’t worry, Kyra,” Tom came over to them, hand in hand with Tiffany. “I’ll take real good care of him on business time.”
“You better,” she grinned. “And yourself, or you might never get my chicken and noodles.”
“You know how to threaten a man,” he made a face.
“I am so happy for you,” Gabriela came over and Kyra took her hands when she held them out. “Little Nicky couldn’t ask for a better set of godparents.” She leaned forward to Kyra’s ear. “I’m glad you told him.”
Kyra smiled at her, “Thank you.”
“Now it’s really time to celebrate!” Alex hollered from the crowd, coming to the front. He limped his way over to the couple. He took the small girl into his arms, “I would take a million more for you.”
“I know, Alex,” she whispered.
“Your parents and Nick would be very proud.”
“I hope so,” she leaned back to look at him. 
He smiled and touched her belly, “Hate to tell you, but I told ya so.”
“That you did,” Kyra laughed.
He looked at Ben, “Once again, you’re a very lucky man.”
“I know, thank you, Alex,” Ben shook his hand and they did the manly half hug.
“I’d tell you to take good care of her, but I know you already will.”
Ben smiled, “No doubt I will?”
“None at all,” Alex smiled. “Welcome to the family.”
“Speaking of that, Alex,” Kyra looked at them. “I want to ask you something.”
“What’s that, Love?” He looked at her.
“Would you give me away?”
She would swear she seen tears form in the man’s eyes, “I’d be honored, Kyra, very honored.”
“And when was my dear brother going to bother to tell his sister?” Bailey stepped out.
Ben laughed, “I was getting ready to call you, Bay.”
“I already knew,” she took both their hands. “I knew the moment I saw the two of you look at each other. Too bad it took you both this long to see it.” She hugged Kyra, “The man’s been miserable this last month.” She moved away from Kyra’s ear, “Welcome to our family, Kyra.”
“I can’t wait to meet the boys,” Kyra smiled.
“And they can’t wait to meet you,” she stepped back, giving her brother a hug.
“Why don’t we honor our friend, and celebrate in style?” Alex smiled. “All he loved is right here.”
“The women he loved, beer, and pool!” Someone shouted from the crowd of people.
She laughed, “Maybe this is where we should get married at.”
“I can call the preacher right now,” he pulled out his phone.
“Slow down there, Alex." Kyra felt Ben’s arms come around her again. “Let’s finish celebrating Nicky for now.”
Alex half bowed to her as everyone filed back inside, “See you inside?”
“You bet,” Ben laughed. 
After everyone went inside, he turned her to face him, bending down on one knee.
“What are you doing, Ben?” She looked at him.
“Making a proper proposal,” he reached into his pocket and pulled out a beautiful diamond ring. He looked up at her as he took her hand into his, “I went and got this after the interview. When I saw you again after this month, I realized I can’t live without you. Kyra, you made me wake up over that week. You made me feel things I haven’t felt in years. You taught me how to live, and love, again. It drove me crazy when I was away from you, even in the beginning. You had my heart from the moment I looked up at you at the diner that day, and you have never left my mind. I can’t breathe without you.”
“Ben –” Tears ran down her cheeks.
“Okay,” he smiled up at her. “Will you make me the happiest and luckiest man in the world by becoming my wife?”
“Yes, I wouldn’t dream of marrying anyone else.” She smiled as he slid the ring onto her finger. 
He leaned forward and kissed her belly. “Hey, little one,” he whispered, “Mama said yes.”
She tilted his face up to hers with her hands, “Just so you know; you had me from the moment I looked in those wonderful brown eyes.”
His grin grew, “And here I thought you always liked Tom more.”
“Shut-up and kiss your future wife.”
He stood up, taking her face into his hands as she put hers on his hips, “We could take Alex up on that offer.”
“We could, but we’ll wait… at least a few days.” 
He gently kissed her, a kiss full of passion and want, “So,” He looked down at her as they walked towards the door, “can I have your phone number now?”
She laughed, “My heart isn’t good enough?”
“Oh, it is, I just want to make sure I can always call mine.”
She stopped and looked up at him, “I love you, Detective Chamberlain.”
“I love you, Future Mrs. Chamberlain.”
“Very near future.”
“God, I hope so.” He pulled her into his arms again.



###
About the author
I grew up in a small town inside of a large family, now I have a wonderful husband and five energetic children. I’ve been writing since the sixth grade and my love has continued to grow. Stories play in my head all the time and writing is a way to give them a life. I have many stories, some finished, some still in the making. 
I would like to thank my husband, my children, and my best friend for giving their unconditional support, encouragement, and love (though they never read my stories!). I would also like to give my editor a special thank you. Tony, you have done so much to boost my confidence in my writing. I love you encouragement, your support, and you always give me your honest opinion and thoughts on the stories you read. Thank you so very much!

As my readers, I would love to hear your comments and thoughts on the stories you’ve read. Not only do they offer me encouragement to continue with other books, but it aids me with knowing what you like or don’t like. Please leave me a review! I read them all!

Discover other titles by Tracy Nolker
The Detective Series:
Unconditional (Book 1)
Coming soon: Broken (Book 3)

Connect with Me Online
Facebook: http://facebook.com/tnolker
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Nolker
Email: tknolker@gmail.com


The Detective Series
Book 3
Broken


Chapter One

Cassie handed the drinks over to the waitress on the other side of the bar. The girl turned away as she pulled the towel from her shoulder and wiped the area clean. Music played over the ancient old jute box and she couldn’t help but smile as she looked around the room. Buying the place from Brad when he decided to retire was the right choice. It had changed her life, for the better. He'd even cut her a deal since she'd worked for him for so many years.
The first thing she'd done was remodel and reopen the other half of the building. This side was a bar, while the other was for the teenagers and younger members of the town. Emma Grant, the police captain's daughter, was her first hire for that side, and helped in finding other high school seniors to help. Emma was great at playing the boss, though Cassie made sure she still took time for her passion in photography.
The bell above the door jingled, signaling someone entering the establishment. Instead of looking at the door, her eyes went to the watch on her wrist. Another hour and they'd close. She'd be able to get some sleep and pack for the week trip to the lake. Along with her best friends, Will and Susie, she took time every month to escape the confinement of town. During the warmer ones, they went to the lake to camp out. Sometimes it was only a couple days, sometimes it was for a week. 
"Um, Cassie?" Amy, the assistant manager of the bar, stepped over to her.
Cassie looked at the redhead who was slightly taller than she was. The younger girl nodded towards the doorway. Turning in that direction, her eyes fell on the two police officers. She knew them both well, since it was a small town, and they'd grown up together. Mark Thomas stood with his back straight, attempting to make himself look larger than what he really was. It was a weak attempt. Curt Lincoln, on the other hand, didn’t have to try. He was already decent size, and back in their school days, he had been the running back on the football team. His eyes rested on her as he reached up, removing the uniform hat from his head.
Sucking in a deep breath, she went around the bar and walked over to them. The night had been peaceful and they hadn't been called for help. She wondered why they were here. Curt always came by to check on her, especially at closing time. Mark was with him this time though, making her think it was a completely different reason. 
She stopped a few feet away from the two men, out of touching distance for Mark. Her arms crossed over her chest, "Officers."
"Cassie," Curt's voice was low as he stepped slightly towards her, "can we have a word in private?"
"No one's caused any problems tonight."
He shook his head, "It's nothing like that."
Mark interrupted, "You need to come to the station with us."
Her eyes flew to the other man. Even back in the day, she couldn’t stand him. "On what grounds? I haven't done anything either, so you can leave my property."
Curt put his hand against the other man's chest, his dark eyes staying on Cassie, "Susie asked if we'd come get you."
"Susie?" Her heart stopped for a moment as she looked at him. "Why's she at the station?"
"She isn't under arrest or anything. Caleb's with her and she isn't in the condition to drive."
Cassie's mind spun. Susie was the good girl of the group, never doing anything wrong. It wasn’t good news if she was at the station and not able to drive. "What's going on?"
He motioned to the door, "Just give me a second."
Trying to stop her mind from jumping to conclusions, she moved passed them and out into the night. She had a bad feeling she couldn’t shake. She turned to the officers as Curt closed the door, "Why's she at the station?"
"Just come on," Mark grabbed her arm.
She instantly jerked away, "Don’t touch me, Thomas."
Curt interrupted as she stepped towards him, "Will was in a car wreck."
She froze as she looked up at him. Did she just hear him correctly? "What?"
His brown eyes were soft as he looked down at her, "He didn’t make it, Cassie."
Tears filled her eyes as she swallowed the lump. This wasn’t possible. But it had to be true; Curt had never lied to her. Her heart felt like it had stopped beating. Will was like a brother to her and it was a crushing feeling to lose him. Susie was his wife, and she would be a wreck. She needed to get to her friend. Forcing her body to move, she ran back inside and up to the bar, "Amy, I need my purse."
"Is everything ok?" Amy asked as she grabbed the bag from under the bar and handed it over the top.
"I just gotta go. Can you close with Emma?"
"Sure."
"Thanks. I'll explain later," Cassie turned away and went back outside as she pulled her keys out.
Thomas grabbed her arm again as she came through the doorway, "We'll take you."
She instantly jerked and stepped away at the touch. "I can drive."
"You're crying," He reached for her and she quickly backed up.
"What do you expect me to do, jump up and down?"
He grabbed her again, making her fight the urge to punch him as she jerked away. "You shouldn’t drive."
"You can't stop me."
"I can arrest you."
"I dare you," she stepped towards him. "I'm not stupid, Thomas. You don’t have any grounds to arrest me. Try it and I'll have that badge you don’t deserve anyway."
Curt grabbed the officer's shoulder as he took a step, "Let her go, Thomas." He nodded at her and she stepped back. "She's right. She needs to drive Susie home, so stop being an idiot."
She quickly turned, running across the lot to her truck. The town was small enough it didn’t take five minutes to get to the station. As soon as she pulled the keys, she was running inside. The building seemed nearly empty this late at night and her eyes scanned the area for her friend. Her heart was pounding in her chest as she stopped on the sight of the little boy in the next room.
Susie was beside him, sitting in a chair in front of the captain's desk. Cassie closed her eyes for a moment in relief before starting in that direction. She dropped to her knees beside the blonde and gently touched her hand.
The tear stained light blue eyes looked at her, "He's gone…. He's really gone."
"I know," Cassie whispered in return, fighting her own tears. She couldn’t cry. She had to be strong for Susie and Caleb now.
"Cassie," Captain Grant stepped over to them and Cassie looked up at the man. "We're done if you want to take them home."
She nodded as she stood, lifting Caleb with her. The man had helped the three of them so many times she'd lost count. If it weren’t for him, Danny would have been thrown into juvy hall a long time ago. "Thanks, Cap."
He touched her arm as Caleb rested his head on her shoulder, "Let us know if you need anything."
She nodded as Curt came into the room and helped Susie up. He motioned to the door and she followed him out of the building and to her truck. He helped her with Susie and buckling in the car seat before Cassie put the young boy in and strapped him in. She moved back out of the vehicle, leaning against the extended part of the cab as she looked up at the handsome man.
Her voice was low, "What happened?"
He took a deep breath as he shook his head, "As far as we can tell, he lost control and flipped…. The gas tank made the car catch on fire…. There isn't much left."
She took a breath as she looked down at the asphalt of the parking lot. It didn’t make sense. Will had never lost control of a vehicle. They'd grown up racing on all these roads…. He'd calmed down since he married Susie and they had Caleb. He didn’t do the crazy shit they had when they were young. He went to work – which he'd been working tonight – and came home. She swallowed as she fought the tears again, "Who all knows?"
"Right now just us." He stepped to her, his hands going to her hips and she looked up at him. "You know it won't last long."
"Unfortunately," She closed her eyes as he reached up and wiped the tears from her cheeks.
"You gonna be ok?"
She nodded as she looked up again. "I'll stay with Susie tonight."
He barely nodded, his brown eyes full of concern, "I'll call you after shift."
She nodded back and he leaned down, brushing his lips over hers. Susie sobbed from inside the truck and Cassie turned her head from the man. He moved, placing his lips to her forehead. She closed her eyes, no matter how much she wanted him to be, he just wasn’t Danny. Her voice came out in a whisper, "Someone should call Danny."
Curt sucked in a deep breath, not responding to her statement.
"He's Will's cousin, Curt. He deserves to know."
"Yeah…, I'll call him."
She looked up at the man, "Don’t let Mark do it, okay?"
His hand cupped her head as he looked down at her, "I got it."
"Thanks," she turned away and stepped up into the Z71.
"Be careful, alright?" He closed the door beside her.
She nodded and shifted into reverse, "I will."
He stepped back and she backed up, shifting into drive and leaving the lot.
Susie sobbed again from the other side of the truck. Cassie reached across the little boy to her friend, "I know, Suz."
"I can't…. I just can't."
"I know," she whispered as she navigated the dark roads. Cassie knew all too well how it felt to lose the one person you loved the most. It had broken her, taking both Will and Susie to put her back together. "I'm not going anywhere, ok?"
Susie barely nodded as she gripped the hand, the other wiping her eyes. "Will you stay tonight?"
"Of course," Cassie nodded as she pulled into the drive of the dark house. Her mind drifted back in time for a moment. It had been a dark, hard time in her life. Susie and Will had hardly left her side. This was different though. Will was gone and never coming back. The other was just… somewhere else. Cassie almost thought it would be easier if he'd died instead of just leaving.
She pushed him from her mind and took the five year old out of the car seat. It was late and he was already asleep. Susie moved around the truck as Cassie got out and followed her inside.
"Thank you, Cassie," Susie whispered as her hand shook on the doorknob.
She already knew she'd be holding the girl tonight while she cried.
<><><>
Danny's phone vibrated in his pocket and then started the music signaling a call. The other four men in the room of the station all looked at him.
The station's captain, John Appleton, spoke, "Is that important?"
Danny shrugged as the music stopped and started over again, "Haven't checked."
"So check. We'll wait."
He moved enough from where he leaned on the wall to pull the phone out. The number was unknown, but the digits were ones he recognized. They belonged to the landlines in his hometown – Glen Oaks. It wasn’t his cousin's number, and no one else called him from there. Curious, he answered, "Masters."
"Daniel Masters?" A male voice – not Will's – came over the speaker to his ear.
"This is him. Who's this?"
"Curt Lincoln of the Glen Oaks Police Department. I'm sorry to be calling you so late –"
"Yeah," Danny remembered the name. "Why are you calling me?"
"It's about your cousin, Will Monroe."
Dread instantly crept into his body. Will was surely keeping his nose clean, wasn't he? "I know who my cousin is."
"I'm afraid he passed away tonight."
"Excuse me?" Danny straightened to his full six foot in height, his hold on the cellular device tightening. His mind instantly started running through conversations. He had just spoken to his cousin a few days ago. Everything had been fine.
"He was in a car wreck."
His back returned to the wall and he slid down it to the floor. His free hand went to the short hair covering his head. Will being in a car wreck was nearly unimaginable. 
"I assume, you being a detective, you'd want the details?"
"Yeah, I do," his voice was lower as he tried to let the information soak in.
"Will you be coming here for the arrangements? Besides Susie, you’re the only other listed as the next of kin."
"Yeah," He took a breath. It just seemed too unreal. "I'll be there as soon as I can."
The line was silent for a moment, "Great. Captain Grant will have the file. You can speak to him."
"Yeah, thanks." He hung up the phone before he started thinking too much into the past. He let the device drop to the floor and ran both hands over the short hair. Will was in a car wreck. Where? They knew the roads like the backs of their hands. This screamed wrong on so many levels. His thoughts then turned to Susie and Cassie.
"Hey," Ben Chamberlain's voice reached his ears, "everything ok?"
Danny took a deep breath and leaned his head back against the wall, his eyes closing, "My cousin Will… died."
The room fell silent. The two sets of detectives had worked together for years, making it so they all knew a lot about the others. The captain knew pretty much everything as well. While they all knew Annie and her husband, Mack, they'd never met Will. Still, they knew Will and Annie were the last of Danny's family.
Cap flipped the file shut on the desk in front of him, "This can wait till later." He looked at Danny, "Take as much time as you need."
Danny looked at him, "Thanks, Cap."
"I assume you'll be leaving tonight or tomorrow?"
"If it's possible."
Ben's phone rang and he looked at it, "Sorry guys."
"Must be Kyra," Tom Wilkerson, Ben's partner, smiled as Ben left the room.
"Shut up, Tom," Ben closed the door behind him.
Tom chuckled, "I love getting under his skin."
Danny looked at the man, "Like you wouldn’t jump if Tiff called you. You're almost as whipped as he is."
"That's for sure," Gabe McIntyre, Danny's partner, mumbled.
"I got a reason; you wouldn’t believe what she'll do in bed," Tom wiggled his eyebrows.
"Spare us the details, please," Gabe laughed.
"What happened?" Cap looked at Danny again.
"Car wreck, that's all I know," Danny moved up to the chair where Ben had been sitting.
"Didn’t he drive like you?" Gabe asked.
"Yeah…, it doesn’t make sense. We could damn near drive those roads blindfolded. He should be better than me by now."
"Then you should be careful while you're there," Cap said. "If you need anything, don’t hesitate to call; we'll help as much as we can."
"I appreciate it, Cap."
"You're a part of my best two teams," he nodded. He looked out the glass into the front of the station. His lips curled, "Now, I see my girl. Excuse me." He stood and left the room. Tom quickly jumped up to follow.
Danny knew Kyra was out there. Everyone loved her, including him. Only the beautiful girl reminded him of what he'd left behind. 
Gabe moved to the now free chair, "What do you think?"
Danny leaned back and looked at him, "’Bout what?"
"You can't bull shit me, Masters."
Danny shrugged, "I don’t know what to think. I'm gonna find out."
The shaggy brown haired man looked at him, "What about your girl?"
"I don’t have a girl, Gabe."
"So you aren't gonna fix shit?"
"There's nothing left to fix."
"You'll just let her go on believing that lie you told her?"
He took a deep breath and looked at the wall across the room.
"It was stupid, man."
"You've made your opinion clear many times." He stood, not wanting to talk about her.
"You gotta face it, man. You're going back to where she is. You can't avoid it forever. This is your chance to make it right, even if you don’t get her back."
"Yeah, I know," he opened the door and walked out of the room. Ben was bent down in front of Kyra's swollen belly. He couldn’t help but grin. Ben was one lucky man, and fortunately, he knew it.
Kyra’s green eyes came up to look at him as he walked across the desk crowded room. She tilted her head slightly, a sad look on her beautiful features. Ben stood as Danny reached her.
He leaned down to kiss her cheek, “You look beautiful as always, Kyra.”
Her lips curled slightly as her hand rested on her pregnant belly, “Thank you.” Then her hand gently touched his arm, “Ben told me…, I’m sorry.”
He nodded, knowing she knew how he felt. It hadn't been long ago that she had her brother taken away from her. It had caused them to bring down the biggest murderer in the city, and changed his life. 
“If you need anything, let us know, alright?”
He nodded again, “Thanks.”
Her hand tightened, “Be careful, Danny.”
He kissed her forehead and left the building. He walked across the lot to his motorcycle, his mind spinning. He was going home… and he wasn’t sure how he felt about that. It had been almost a year since he’d last been there. Almost a year since he made the decision that ripped his heart out.
He looked at his phone, wanting to call Cassie. The desire was so strong he stopped on her name and wondered if she still had the same number. All the times he had talked to Will, he’d avoided talking about her. 
He took a deep breath and moved the selection to his other cousin, Annie.
“Danny?” Her sleepy voice greeted him. “Is something wrong?”
“Yeah,” he sat down on the seat of the bike, taking another breath. “Will was in an accident.”
She was silent for a moment and he could hear her husband in the background through the line. She took a breath and her voice came out low, “He didn’t make it?”
“No….” He ran his hand over his face, wishing he could erase everything. “I’m heading back….”
“Are you alright, Danny?”
“I don’t know,” he answered.
She was silent for a moment again, “Let us know…, we’ll be there.”
“I will. Hopefully I’ll know more tomorrow.”
“I love you, Danny.”
“I love you too, Annie,” He squeezed his eyes shut as tears burned the back of them.
“Be careful.”
“I will…. Give pumpkin and squirt kisses for me.”
“I will.”
He hung up and returned the phone to his pants pocket. He was glad Annie had Mack; the two of them were the perfect couple. He lifted the helmet over his head and fired up the Harley. It was time to face what he’d done, even if he wasn’t ready too. There wouldn’t be a way to avoid her. He wasn’t sure he really wanted too. Despite the good things that had happened, he’d been miserable. It just wasn’t the same without her to celebrate with.
