Pseudo Personality

Wasatch Mountains: Book 1


Kimbra Townsend



Pseudo Personality
By Kimbra Townsend for Smashwords
Copyright 2017 Kimbra Townsend for Smashwords
No part of this publication may be reproduced,
stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in
any form or by any means, electronic,
mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the written permission of the author.

Acknowledgements

Dedicated to my loving husband, whose support means more to me than life itself.
Special thanks to Michael Pilgrim for the professional and fantastic editing!


Chapter One

 “If love were a garden, dating would be the weed killer. Unfortunately, many times the worst weeds survive the initial application, often requiring additional energy not only to identify the unwelcome plants, but to remove them.” Elizabeth glanced around the room packed full of women. She drew in a quick breath as a multitude of blank expressions stared back at her. Did she sound like a man hater or a potential serial killer?
Making a mental note to check the local news for any poisonings committed by jilted girlfriends before using this speech again, she continued. “Take my life for instance.” Her hand slid into the front pocket of her pale green suit jacket. “From the time I was a little girl I imagined my first love would be like a fairytale romance. I expected the prince of my dreams to show up one day and whisk me away to an elaborate wedding in a pearl-encrusted gown followed quickly by a Brady Bunch home, and a happily ever after marriage. Instead, I was so shy I barely dated in high school. In fact, my first love was a tattooed ex-marine Harley rider who smoked pot. This was extraordinary, considering I was a straight naive kid who hadn't even tasted alcohol yet.”
Elizabeth paused to take a sip of water and survey her audience. They were attentive but not captivated, time to step it up a notch. “My college years led to more bad choices in boyfriends than I care to admit.”
“Finally, after college, I decided to ‘wise up’ and marry an older man who happened to be a preacher. How could I be any safer? He was an average looking man, which I considered optimal since all of the strikingly handsome men of my past managed to cheat on me. So, I gave up on the dream of a man that could make my heart race when our eyes met. I married Mr. Safe. Mr. Safe was supposed to be a perfect husband, a great father, and a good provider. Three years later, I realized he was a well-hidden obsessive-compulsive, narcissistic womanizer.”
Elizabeth paused for emphasis and noticed a handsome man with an amused smirk on his chiseled face standing at the back of the room. He was tall, with golden hair and broad shoulders. His blue flannel shirt clung to his muscular biceps. A pair of faded jeans perfected his persona. What was he doing at a women’s conference? Elizabeth hesitated with her speech, almost forgetting the words.
It’s probably the self-defense instructor, she thought. Yet something about this man’s amused expression irritated Elizabeth. Her eyes met his for one electric moment. She felt the color rise in her cheeks and fought for control of her senses. Forcing her eyes to move further around the conference room, she took a deep cleansing breath. Concentrating on the pale gold and bronze colors of the room, she continued.
“Now this is where I’m supposed to tell you what I learned from that experience.” She glanced back toward the lumberjack to find him gone. She sighed with surprising relief and kept going, “So here it is: you can’t possibly determine if someone is the best man for you from the first date, fourth date, or even a year of marriage. The truth is when you first meet someone they aren’t showing you their true self. They are showing you either the person they want you to think they are, or the person they think you want them to be. I call this behavior pseudo-personality. This pseudo personality can be very deceptive not only to you, but to your suitor as well. In fact, it is entirely possible for someone to maintain a pseudo personality for several years. More importantly, you could be the pseudo-personality in your relationship. You could be fooling yourself, trying to become the person you think your significant other wants you to be. I caution you not to attempt this, do not echo this behavior, it's very caustic. I believe every single person in this room has used a pseudo personality at some point in their lives. Many of you are using one at this very moment. It’s not exclusive to dating; it’s simply more devastating when used in a relationship.”
With this statement, Elizabeth casually flipped her long dark hair over one shoulder, straightened her stance, squared her shoulders, and smiled softly at her now captivated audience. “Think about it. When you’re on a first date, you’re at your best. You get dressed up, do your hair, get your nails done, and check your posture in the mirror to make sure the outfit does you justice. Then you put on those killer high heels and make sure your hips sway just the right amount when you walk in front of him. You use your best manners at dinner. You eat a salad or light entrée even if you are starving. You judge his sense of humor and respond accordingly. You respond to his manners appropriately. If he’s a total gentleman or a klutz, you adapt your thought processes for a successful night. If the night is going well, you use your best comebacks and give him that special come-hither look you’ve perfected for just the right moment. You have put on your pseudo persona for the night. First dates are notorious for it. Now, while you’re busy doing all this. He has a persona as well. He’ll open the door for you. He won’t eat with his fingers. He won’t burp or pass gas. He won’t use foul language or tell you a dirty joke, and he’ll try his best not to look at other women or your chest when you’re talking to him.”
The room was silent. All eyes and ears were on Elizabeth. She had them. They were all hers. She could scoop them up and put them in her pocket. She locked eyes with a few of the prominent women in the audience before she continued. “How can you tell if your partner is faking it? How can you know if you are faking it? You can’t. The only cure for this is time: plain, simple time. It can take between two to three years before most people drop their guard and start allowing their real character to show through to their lover. A regular person can maintain a pseudo personality for up to three years. Where would you like to be when your relationship reaches the point where the pseudo-personality fades away? How committed do you want your relationship to be when your partner reveals who they really are? Wouldn’t you rather be dating them at that moment, instead of married to them? I’m not saying a sociopath will suddenly appear next to you in bed one morning three years after your first date. What I am saying is a few minor character changes are all it takes to ruin a relationship. Those personality changes can be as minor as toilet habits or food preferences, or as significant as views on child rearing, womanizing or physical abuse. Protect yourselves ladies, move slowly and get to know your partner before you commit to sharing a lifetime with them. A slow few years at the beginning of a relationship can save you a lifetime of sorrow.”

Elizabeth signed autographs and answered questions for the next few hours. Afterward, she went to the hotel’s dining room to meet Franklin, her publicist. He was waiting at a table near the back of the conference center’s dining room. The floor to ceiling windows that lined the dining room held a breathtaking view of jagged green mountains. The white linen clad tables held pink and yellow flowers draped with strings of pearls in honor of the women's conference.
Franklin wore a gray silk suit. He was tapping away at his iPad as she approached. His neat short black hair was as perfect as his manicured fingernails. Elizabeth pictured his alligator shoes under the table with a high shine.
What Elizabeth didn’t picture was the lumberjack in the flannel shirt sitting across the table from Franklin. Both men rose as she arrived. Elizabeth concentrated on Franklin as he gave her a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Elizabeth, darling, I’d like to present Joshua Miller. He’s the building contractor I told you about.”
Elizabeth turned to face Joshua. Her stomach jumped as their eyes met. Somehow, she knew he’d have blue eyes. The deepest blue eyes she had ever seen gazed keenly back at her. She offered him her hand and said, “Thank you so much for meeting me tonight, Mr. Miller. I assume Franklin’s told you of my plan to build a home just outside of Bailey.”
Joshua’s face reached perfection when he smiled. The moment he touched her hand, Elizabeth’s heart raced. His touch was electric, sending waves of heat through her body. 
***
Joshua said, “Ms. Stewart, call me Joshua. I’m happy to make time for you. I drove by the property today. You’re going to need a small bridge over the creek to access the building site.” Josh couldn’t pull his eyes away from the luscious vision before him. He expected a female author who was short and mousy with little character. This woman was slender, with curves in all the right places. Her skin was perfect, her lips full and pouty.
Joshua released Elizabeth’s hand and moved to pull out the seat next to him, pushing it in behind her as she sat down. Franklin sat back down, reached out for Elizabeth’s hand, and squeezed it as he waved for the waiter.
Franklin explained, “Elizabeth is determined to make this her permanent residence. I’m sure she has lots of ideas for the house and property.”
Joshua sat down and concentrated on Elizabeth, ignoring Franklin. He said, “You should be aware of the building restrictions in this area. We’ll need an environmental study to ensure the building on your location won’t have an adverse impact on the surrounding flora and fauna. I have every reason to expect positive results, but we can’t remove the ground until that’s finished. Franklin said you were ecologically conscious, which fits in well with this area. We have quite a few material restrictions. We try to take advantage of renewable resources such as passive solar, active solar and photovoltaic equipment. I recommend packed gravel or permeable concrete instead of asphalt for the driveway. It's easier on the ground water.” Joshua stopped himself; he was babbling. Her intense gaze was driving him crazy. Her long, dark brown hair and deep green eyes caused him to swell in an awkward spot. He shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He had to get himself under control, or he’d lose the sale and any chance of getting this doll into bed.
Elizabeth’s lips curled into an enchanting smile. Her filled with an inviting sparkle. Josh locked eyes with her unable to look away. 
She leaned forward and said, “You sound exactly like what I’m looking for in a builder, intelligent and eco-friendly. Why don’t we order some dinner and relax for a bit before we dive into the business. I’ve been running full tilt all day, and frankly, I could use some small talk and a stiff drink.”
Franklin waved frantically at the nearest waitress, who came over immediately. He said, “Ms. Stewart will have a glass of Moscato and another round for Mr. Miller and me, please.”
Joshua stared at Franklin; the guy was a tall pile of New York City stress and it sounds like he’s hell bent on controlling Elizabeth's every move. She didn’t seem to mind, so Joshua dismissed it. It was none of his business, but it irritated him nonetheless.
Franklin turned to Joshua and said, “It sounds like some deep consideration needs to take place before making any decisions. Perhaps tonight is not the right time to go over all this. Why don’t you leave the information with me? I’ll review it with Elizabeth. We will give you a call in a few days with a list of questions.”
Joshua smiled at Franklin; this guy was just too intense. He needed to get laid. Joshua turned to Elizabeth, “If you are looking for some relaxation, why don’t you try the local cuisine? I know a rustic little bar and grill just up the road. It has the best steak and ribs in the country.”
Elizabeth’s eyes lit up at his suggestion. “You don’t waste any time.” She answered and glanced at Franklin, then turned back to Joshua, adding, “You’ve jumped from business to pleasure without the slightest hesitation. How can I say no?” 
Joshua rose, “That’s great, I’ll get my truck. Why don’t you change into something more comfortable?” He picked up the binder and handed it to her. “We can go over the floor plans and options later.”
Franklin rose and stammered, “Elizabeth, I thought we were running over the outline for your next book tonight.”
Elizabeth accepted the binder and rose to follow Joshua out of the dining room, calling over her shoulder, “I’ll catch up with you later, Franklin. This won’t take long.”
***
Joshua disappeared through the entrance as Elizabeth rushed up the double flight of stairs to her room. She quickly changed into her best pair of skinny jeans and intentionally chose a tight fitting, low-cut white blouse over a black lace bra. This was going to be a hoot. She couldn’t wait to see what pseudo persona Mr. Eco Construction pulled out of his hat. She threw on a pair of sexy black pumps and headed downstairs.
Franklin met her at the bottom of the stairs. His face was beet red. His voice rose to a high pitch. “This is a bad idea. You don’t know this guy, and you don't know where he’s taking you.”
Elizabeth touched Franklin’s cheek and said, “I’ll be okay. It’s just dinner. I’ll be back in an hour or two. Relax.”
When she walked out into the cool night air, Joshua was leaning casually against a large dark blue pickup truck. Elizabeth smiled in appreciation of his tall stature and rugged good looks. He smiled back and opened the door for her, offering his hand. They drove down the winding mountain road with the windows down, letting the first hint of night air fill the cab.
Normally, the mess the rushing wind was making of her hair would have annoyed Elizabeth. Instead, she found it invigorating. She glanced up at the darkening sky. Stars faded into view. Elizabeth thought of her Uncle Wendell. She pictured him in her mind. He was in jeans and a T-shirt, walking his horse out of the small stables on his property. She pushed the thought from her mind as they pulled up next to a handful of vehicles in a large gravel parking lot. To say the bar was rustic was an understatement. It was a small square building with peeling paint and windows so dirty you couldn’t see inside.
Joshua glanced over at Elizabeth and said, “Don’t worry.” He flashed a brilliant smile. “They really do have great steak, and it’s one hundred percent pure beef, not Opossum, I swear.”
Elizabeth cringed when they walked in the door. Heavy, darkly stained wooden tables and chairs were scattered around the dimly lit, musty room. They helped themselves to one of the tall wooden booths along one side of the room. A long mahogany bar lined the other. As they sat down, Elizabeth glanced immediately under the bench, almost afraid of what she might see.
She looked up at Joshua and said, “Speaking of Opossum...”
Joshua laughed. “I swear if you walked into the kitchen you’d find it sparkling clean. I bet it’s a lot cleaner than any of those fancy five-star restaurants in New York.”
Elizabeth said, “I’m not actually from New York.”
“New Jersey?” He asked with a raised eyebrow.
“St Louis.” Elizabeth tried not to smile but failed. He was just too darn adorable.
He nodded his approval and added, “Midwestern girl; St Louis City or County?”
Elizabeth answered, “Jefferson County actually. You’ve been to St Louis?”
Josh said, “My grandparents on my mom's side were from Southern Missouri. I spent several summers on road trips to St Louis. My cousin and I would tramp through the woods looking for a mysterious black panther. I’ve certainly had my share of drunken float trips and jaunts up to the top of the Arch. I love Missouri.”
A tall blonde-haired woman with breasts that overflowed her low cut T-shirt appeared at their table asking if they wanted a drink. Joshua glanced at Elizabeth and asked, “What would you like?”
Elizabeth eyed the waitress, noting her tiny blue jean shorts and high heels. She said, “Jack and Coke.”
Joshua chuckled, “I guess Franklin has you all wrong.” He turned to the waitress and added, “Bring me the usual, Sal, and if the lady has no objections bring us a couple of steaks with all the trimmings, medium.” Elizabeth nodded her approval and Sal disappeared without another word.
Gradually, couples and small groups began to fill the tables. A three-man band appeared and started to sing a variety of time-honored country-rock tunes. As the bar filled with smoke and the lights dimmed further, Elizabeth found herself on the dance floor in Joshua’s arms. He didn’t say a word as they slowly moved to the rhythm of a soulful tune. Elizabeth wasn’t sure if it was Joshua or the three drinks she’d had with dinner, but she was feeling very comfortable and unusually uninhibited. She leaned against him and nuzzled his neck with her nose taking in the scent of him.
When the song was over Joshua released her and announced in a throaty voice, “It’s time I get you back to the hotel.”
***
Josh pulled his truck into the hotel parking lot. He offered Elizabeth his hand as she climbed out of the truck. Sliding his arm around her waist he guided her through the entrance and up the stairs. They stopped at her door, and Elizabeth pulled her room card from her purse. She gazed into his eyes, those magnificent blue eyes. He flashed what she could only describe as an incredibly sexy half smile, pulled her against him, and kissed her with more passion than she expected.
His kiss burned like fire. Elizabeth's breath left her instantly. Her heart pounded in her ears. She felt so alive, so vibrant. When he released her, Elizabeth gasped for air and heard herself say, “Would you like to come inside?”
His eyes searched hers. He spoke in a throaty voice, “I had a great time, but you’ve had a bit too much to drink so I’ll say goodnight.”
Elizabeth drew in a deep cleansing breath and smiled, asking. “We'll talk tomorrow then?”
“Of course,” He answered, pushing open the door for her. “I’ll call you.”
Elizabeth closed the door behind her. She leaned against the door and sighed. Taking another cleansing breath she headed for the bed trying to slow the pounding beat of her heart.
***
Elizabeth forced down her second glass of orange juice and half of the bagel that room service had delivered. Hydration was the key to ending a hangover. She dropped her robe on her bed, took a quick shower, pulled her hair into a ponytail, and dressed in a loose pink T-shirt and a pair of shorts. What happened last night? In one fell swoop, she’d successfully announced herself to the small town of Bailey as a New York City slut before she’d managed to move into the upper scale rural community. She stopped and touched her throat, remembering the heat of Joshua’s kiss. How could one simple kiss send such steaming ripples through her. It was as if she’d never kissed a man before.
She finished her juice, took another bite of the bagel and then headed for her car. Elizabeth had a seven o’clock appointment to look at a rental property. She was going to need temporary housing. Her uncle's home had burned to the ground long ago. The fire completely gutted the inside leaving only the hint of a frame behind. The house sat near the rear of the 200 acres that she’d inherited, but she was going to build near the center of the property, closer to the road. She couldn’t bring herself to rebuild on the site where her Uncle had died in the fire.
The trip to the rental house was quiet and serene. Elizabeth opened the sunroof of her rented vehicle and allowed the cool morning air to flow through the car. She turned off the main road and headed onto the wooded property, up a narrow, winding, gravel road with large ruts that mirrored her tire width. A small creek with a thin trickle of water ran across the road. Apparently, no one seemed to care since the road simply sank down into the creek and back out again. No wonder this house was cheap, Elizabeth thought. The renter would need a towering four-wheel drive truck like Joshua’s for rainy days, and a snowmobile to reach it in the winter. The ruts in the road grew deeper; Elizabeth struggled to straddle them with her car’s small tires. It reminded her of the road to her uncle’s house. She was beginning to understand why he always drove a pickup truck.
The trees began to thin as the road curved one last time to show a clearing with a small cedar cabin, detached garage, barn, and a corral. There was a tiny pond with a layer of green on top not far from the corral, and another slightly larger pond with clear water at the far end of the clearing. Elizabeth was enchanted. She pulled up in front of the split-level cabin. It had a big picture window overlooking the large front lawn. It was a charming, rustic, little log cabin with a one-step front stoop. A large tree grew beside the front of the house. She pictured a rambunctious boy climbing out of a bedroom window to skinny down the tree for a midnight adventure. A cobblestone walkway led to the door. She glanced around and noticed a faded gray pickup truck parked behind the stables. An elderly man with a kind face dressed in faded jeans appeared from inside the stables and waved at her.
She waved back and went to meet him. She pictured her dog, Charlie, running across the gap and rushing around the perimeter. Her seven-month-old Golden Retriever would love it here.
The man offered her his hand, “Hello Elizabeth, I’m Gene Weller; it’s nice to meet you.”
Elizabeth shook his hand. “Hello, Mr. Weller, you have a charming place here. I can’t wait to see the cabin.”
He motioned toward the cabin, “It needs some updating, but everything is clean and in working order." As they walked towards it, he continued, "The kitchen is fully stocked. You'll find dishes, pots, and pans, so you'll only need the daily food essentials. My son uses it during hunting season and the holidays. Just keep an eye out for snakes if you go for a walk in the woods.”
“Snakes?” Elizabeth glanced down at the grass where they veered to cut across the lawn.
“Rattlers,” he explained. “These Mountains are full of them, but I don’t think there’s a den close by, so not to worry. I found one snake way back behind the stables a month ago.”
Elizabeth stopped and stared at him, “Rattlesnakes? My Uncle Wendell always said they usually kept deep into the woods.”
Mr. Weller stopped and turned to face her, “Darlin’ you are deep in the woods.”

***
Joshua walked into Sheriff Randal Connor’s office. It was located in a small storefront converted to hold the only law enforcement office in town. He sat down on the seat in front of his desk. The Sheriff glanced up from his paperwork briefly then returned to his work.
Joshua frowned and said, “Don’t pretend to be working. Unless someone robbed the general store or the wolf pack returned to Beldon Falls, you are completely free of paperwork today.”
The Sheriff put his pen down and stared at Joshua. Pushing his light brown hair from his eyes, the Sheriff flashed Joshua a huge smile, “So I take it your meeting didn’t go so well last night. Was she everything you expected? Dowdy, fat, and covered with warts?”
Joshua sighed and put his feet up on the Sheriff’s desk. He leaned back in his seat and said, “Randy, she was the most incredible woman I’ve ever met. The night couldn’t have gone better.”
Randy asked, “Then why are you such a grouch?”
“It was too good to be true.” Joshua sat up abruptly. “I hit on her right out of the gate, and she didn’t bat an eye. We went to Sadie’s, and a couple of hours later it took every ounce of my strength not to spend the night in her hotel room.”
Randy stared at him in disbelief and said, “You’re worse than I thought. You bedded the old shrew? I know you took a hit when the real estate bubble burst, but that’s no reason to prostitute yourself for a contract.”
Joshua’s feet landed on the floor, and he leaned forward in his seat, “First of all, she was gorgeous. Probably the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen. Secondly, she was a too tipsy, nothing happened. I wish it had. She was... I don’t know… She made me feel things. It was crazy; it was intense, it was more than I expected. I had to pull back. What I’m confident of, is it was the best kiss I’ve ever had.”
Randy looked at him and said, “So you’ve entered new territory. Is it safe to say you just might have feelings for this gal?”
“No!” Joshua rose to his feet and headed for the door. “It’s not that at all. She just wasn’t what I expected. I plan to get this relationship back on a professional level." He sighed, "I’m not going to have some lovesick loner hanging all over me for the next few months while I build her home. That’s the last thing I need.”
Randy called after him, “Not every woman is like Joanne—.” 
Joshua slammed the door, not hearing the rest.

Chapter Two

The phone rang as Elizabeth finished packing. It was the front desk informing Elizabeth that her assistant had arrived with her dog, Charlie. The bellhop appeared at the door and grabbed her bags as she rushed downstairs. Her assistant, a young college graduate, named Amy Rothchild, stood outside the entrance. She held tightly to Charlie's leash when Elizabeth walked out the door.
Amy’s French braid had several strands of hair trying to escape. There were dark circles under her bloodshot eyes. Her light blonde hair and big blue eyes accented her pale complexion and rosy cheeks. Amy’s petite body was no match for the golden retriever’s potential. When Charlie saw Elizabeth, there was no stopping her from greeting her master. Charlie bounded away from Amy with one leap and reached Elizabeth’s side. Amy lurched forward and stumbled along behind Charlie. Elizabeth laughed and caught Charlie’s front paws as she jumped up to greet her.
“How’s my little puppy?” Elizabeth asked, scratching Charlie behind the ears.
After straightening her clothes and checking her hair, Amy handed Elizabeth the leash and said, “Puppy? You have to be kidding. She’s a few pounds away from becoming a horse.”
Accepting the leash, Elizabeth released Charlie’s paws. She smiled at her and said, “Amy, what would I do without you! You are my angel of mercy, driving Charlie halfway across the country so she wouldn’t have to fly.”
She stared at Elizabeth with one raised eyebrow and countered, “A two day trip in a Mini Cooper is all the way across the country, not half.” She hugged Elizabeth, adding, “Charlie was actually a splendid girl. She made me feel safe.”
The bellhop appeared with Elizabeth’s bags, followed immediately by Franklin. Elizabeth headed for her car, saying, “We’ve got a 20-minute drive to the rental property, then you can relax and even take a nap if you like. Franklin is going to return my rental car after we unpack.”
Franklin rushed after Elizabeth. He climbed into the passenger seat and asked, “Where did you go last night? What happened? I waited up for a while then finally gave up and went to bed. What time did you get back?”
Elizabeth shrugged and said, “It was a rustic bar and grill. The steaks were excellent, but the bar was a dive.” 
“You were supposed to call me when you got in,” Franklin muttered.
Concentrating on the road, Elizabeth refused to look at him. She pictured a huge childlike pout on his face. “I’m sorry I didn’t call you when I got back to the hotel.” Elizabeth offered gently, “I wasn’t in the mood for work.”
She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye. Franklin didn't respond and stared out the window. She frowned and said, “Franklin, you’re my agent, not my father. I consider you a friend, but my love life is none of your business.”
She gripped the steering wheel firmly and added, “You know I keep my relationships casual. Romance is not high on my list. But I do like to have a little fun once in a while and that’s what last night was. Just dinner and drinks with a handsome man.” 
Franklin snorted, “Yeah, a mountain man you hardly know.”
Elizabeth laughed, “Well Joshua doesn’t have a body like a Mack truck, all brawn, and hard muscle. Don’t tell me you’re jealous.”
Franklin turned to glare at her then flashed a huge smile, “I guess I am, but not in a romantic way. I’m just too conservative to run off with a stranger. I envy your confidence and spontaneity sometimes.”
She smiled in relief. The entrance to her new temporary home appeared up ahead. “Here we are. You’re going to love this place, Franklin. It’s full of character and a little adventure. The cabin backs to the woods. The landlord installed a large picture window on the rear of the house, so there’s a gorgeous view. Mr. Weller said if you are quiet, and leave the lights out, you could watch the deer come into the yard to eat the acorns early in the mornings. I saw a flock of turkeys crossing the road when I left yesterday. This place is fabulous!”
Franklin seemed to sigh, he shook his head then smiled, “I’m sure it’s awesome, but did you make sure it has electricity and indoor plumbing?”
***
“Hello?” Elizabeth answered the phone.
“Hi Elizabeth, this is Joshua. The environmental study is tomorrow morning. I don’t expect any complications. So whichever floor plan you’ve decided on, shouldn’t be a problem.” Joshua’s voice was low and monotone.
Elizabeth frowned and walked out the back door of the cabin, allowing Charlie access to the yard. She was surprised at the lack of pleasantries from Joshua, “That’s great, Joshua. I love this area. I’m so excited to get started on the house. I’m out in my backyard right now with my golden retriever, Charlie watching the sun sink behind the mountains. It’s so beautiful.” She smiled as Charlie dashed across the tall grass and added, “I’ve chosen the two-story log cabin. I like the design and square footage, but I’d like to add a 2 car attached garage and possibly a three-stall barn, placed deeper into the lot. There is a pond about an eighth of a mile from the building site. I thought it would be ideal to incorporate inside a horse fence.”
Joshua's voice perked up a bit, “That shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll pull up some basic barn plans and get you some samples of fencing. My foreman can check the design of the pond and surrounding landscape, and then we can discuss your options. I’ll check back with you tomorrow afternoon, and we can set an appointment to finalize everything.”
He was blowing her off! Elizabeth couldn’t believe what she was hearing. He wasn’t even going to mention last night. Gripping the phone fiercely, she answered in a quiet voice, “Sounds great! I’ll talk to you tomorrow then.”
“Okay,” Joshua hesitated, “Talk to you soon. Have a great evening.”
“Oh, I will,” Elizabeth wasn’t letting him off that easy. She added with a voice that reeked with sweetness, “Did I tell you about my rental house? It’s Mr. Weller’s cabin.”
“Gene Weller?” Joshua asked, sounding confused, “I thought his son owned that cabin?”
“He does, but he won’t need it until deer hunting season. As long as you stay on track, I should be out of here by then.” Elizabeth felt triumphant at his continued conversation.
Joshua added, “I know exactly where that cabin is. It sits on the edge of Beldon Falls Preserve. You should know, wolves were sighted in that area a few weeks ago. Given the fact the cabin was vacant most of the year; I think you should stay inside after dark for the first few days.”
Now he was concerned for her welfare. Elizabeth paced back and forth along the small porch as her face flushed with anger. Forget about the fantastic night of wild sex, let’s talk about hiding from fictitious wolves, she thought. She took a deep breath and answered with slightly more irritation than she meant, “Don’t worry about me. I’m not alone. My assistant arrived today with my golden retriever, Charlie.”
“What?” Joshua stammered. “Beth, listen to me. Don’t let Charlie outside after dark. A golden retriever is no match for a pack of wolves or a bear. You are on the edge of a large preserve. There are more than just deer and elk roaming around in those woods. Promise me you’ll keep to the cabin after dark and not go too deep into the woods alone during the day.”
Elizabeth lifted the phone away from her ear and stared at it. Who did he think he was? She placed the phone back to her ear and asked, “Just exactly what gives you the right to tell me how to live my life? I admit I felt something intense between us last night. But that doesn’t justify you suddenly trying to walk all over me! It’s bad enough you haven’t even mentioned what happened between us last night, but now you have to add to it by being uber controlling.”
“Beth, listen, nothing happened last night. It was dinner, dancing and a great kiss, not a marriage contract. And, I’m not trying to boss you around. I’m trying to give you some very practical advice. These woods are not like the forests you hike around in Missouri. There are mountain lions that would sooner eat Charlie or you rather than sit pretty and wait for you to take their picture. Do you own a gun?”
“What?” Elizabeth gasped. He’d called her by a more intimate name at the same time he diminished the connection they felt. She snapped, “No, I do not own a gun!” Just then, something rustled in the brush at the far end of the backyard; Elizabeth almost jumped out of her skin. Charlie charged out of the back door and headed right for it. “Charlie! No! Don’t run into the woods?”
“Beth!” Joshua asked urgently. “What is it? Are you outside? Let Charlie go and get in the house!”
“Charlie’s chasing after a deer! Leave me alone!” Elizabeth yelled into the phone and hung up just as Charlie dove into the bushes.
Amy appeared in the doorway as Elizabeth started to run after Charlie. She took only a few steps, when a huge deer broke through the bushes and dashed across the yard to disappear into the trees. Charlie was on its heels.
“No, Charlie! Bad dog! No!” She screamed.
Amy ran to her side waving a large knife asking, “What is it? What’s happening?”
Charlie followed the deer to the tree line before deciding to obey her master. Charlie turned and galloped back to Elizabeth who sank to her knees and hugged Charlie with all her strength. She was completely out of breath. Her heart was racing. Damn that Joshua Miller, he’d pumped her so full of nonsense about wolves and mountain lions she’d nearly scared herself to death.
She rose and smiled weakly at Amy saying, “Let’s keep her inside for the rest of the night.”
Amy nodded and surveyed the yard, adding, “Us too. Good thing Franklin headed back early. He would have been crying like a baby after all that excitement.”
Laughing, Elizabeth said, “He was terrified it would get dark before he reached the hotel. He does not like the country at all. He told me once that St Louis was too small a town for him, not enough cement and high-rises.”
Amy giggled and said, “Can you believe it’s after 9 o’clock, and it’s still bright daylight outside? Frankly, it doesn’t matter; I’m exhausted. The light is not going to keep me awake. I’m closing my curtains and going to bed. I’ll get all your paperwork together for the build in the morning. What time are you meeting with the builder?”
“Builder?” Elizabeth gasped and glanced down at the phone. Should she call Joshua back and let him know everything was okay? She closed and locked the back door, and stood to stare out at the large backyard into the forest beyond. It was so beautiful, but maybe Joshua was right. Her phone began to ring. She glanced down and recognized Joshua’s number.
She hit the answer button and immediately said, “Everything is fine. It was just a deer.”
Joshua growled into the phone, “Dammit Beth! You scared the crap out of me! Is Charlie all right?”
“She’s fine; I’ll talk to you tomorrow. Goodbye.” Elizabeth snapped.
“Oh no, we will talk right now. I’m almost there.” Joshua countered and hung up.
Elizabeth quickly glanced around the room to see if everything was clean. When she realized what she was doing, she chastised herself, ‘What were you thinking? He’s not interested. Clearly, the kiss they shared meant nothing to him. Why was she so upset? Get a grip on yourself. He’s nothing, just the hired help. Let it go.’ She calmly walked to the front door as the roar of Joshua’s truck could be heard coming up the driveway. Charlie appeared at her side when she opened the door.
Elizabeth allowed Charlie to leap out the door to greet Joshua, who was climbing out of his truck. He turned, and without hesitation, knelt and greeted Charlie with a quick scratch between the ears. When he glanced at Elizabeth, her stomach jumped, and her pulse quickened. Those damn blue eyes. Joshua turned and reached into the back seat of his extended cab and pulled out a long brown case. He whistled at Charlie, who wandered down the driveway, and Elizabeth cringed as her devoted dog came trotting up and escorted him happily to the door.
‘Traitor,’ Elizabeth admonished her silently, and stepped aside to allow Joshua to enter. Her eyes ran up and down the length of him as he passed. He had on a plain white T-shirt and faded pair of jeans. Her eyes hesitated at his broad shoulders and lingered on the pockets of his jeans. She took a quick breath and admired his small, firm behind.
Joshua went straight to the kitchen table and opened the case. He pulled out a short-barreled shotgun and turned to face Elizabeth. He said, “Keep this right here, in the central living area." 
Elizabeth snapped back to reality and walked over to him. She glared at the gun he held out for her inspection. Elizabeth met his stare with open hostility and said, “I am not keeping that gun.”
Joshua couldn’t help but smile at her response. It was all fluff and girl. He calmly said, “If you don’t agree to keep this gun I will throw you over my shoulder, right here and now, and take you and Charlie home with me.”
His ornery smile sent a chill through her, but also made her heart race faster. She refused to back down. She was not afraid. Frowning at him in silence, she searched his eyes. There was no anger there, only concern. He was sincerely worried about her and Charlie. Maybe she should listen to him.
“Charlie seems to like you.” She said softly. “You have a way with animals.”
Joshua’s hard smile softened, and he said, “I’ve got a dog too. He’s older; I take him hunting with me.”
Elizabeth took the gun from his hands and sat it on top of the case. She stared down at it and asked, “What kind of dog?”
Joshua tilted his head and stared at her. He said, “He’s a Malamute and wolf mix. My dad’s girl malamute ran off. Dad wasn’t a bit surprised to find the pups were half wolf. I got my pick of the litter.”
“What's his name?” She turned and met his gaze.
“Kilo,” He answered softly and leaned closer.
Elizabeth laughed and asked, “Kilo, really? What are you, a drug dealer?”
“Like you’re any better? Charlie? You have a female. You think she’s going to protect you? The first time she sees a badger in the woods, she’s going to pee herself then hightail it out of there with her tail between her legs.” 
“Oh Yeah?” Elizabeth felt stupid the instant those words left her lips.
Joshua laughed, “Well, you better hope so because the first time Charlie tries to play butt sniff with a mountain lion, it’s going to rip her head off and eat her for dinner.”
Elizabeth’s eyes opened wide in shock. She said, “Are there real mountain lions around here?”
Joshua reached out to take her hand. “A few, and bears, that’s why you need to keep Charlie inside, especially at night. It doesn’t have to be a problem if you are careful and keep your garbage can locked up in the garage.”
She gazed into his eyes and found herself fighting the urge to ask him to stay the night. She hesitated and asked, “Are we going to talk about last night? Do you regret kissing me?”
His face softened, “Honestly, no, that kiss was incredible, but I don’t usually get involved with my clients. This is new territory for me. I don’t want things to be awkward.”
She smiled and moved closer, leaning against him. “There isn’t anything to worry about. We are consenting adults, and honestly, I have no expectations. But if it will make you feel better, why don’t we agree to take this one day at a time, with no commitment required?”
He stared at her in amazement and said, “I’m not the kind of guy that dates several women at a time, and I don’t want to be in a relationship with a woman who dates other men.”
She leaned against him and explained, “That’s not what I meant. What I’m proposing is an exclusive relationship between us that has no expectations beyond the immediate future. Therefore, there is no pressure to plan any further than our next date. If either of us finds ourselves attracted to someone else, we end the relationship with no hard feelings and go our separate ways.”
Joshua slipped his arms around her waist. She kissed his cheek and moved to nibble on his earlobe. He asked, “How can I say no to that?”
He cupped her chin and raised her face to his. He kissed her gently. She wrapped her arms around his neck and returned the kiss with fervor. Elizabeth pulled back and said, “My assistant is upstairs taking a shower and we have a lot of work to do tonight. Can we continue this another time?”
Joshua smiled, “I’ll call you in the morning and we’ll figure it out.”
***					
Beth rolled over and squinted through sleepy eyes as Amy opened the bedroom curtains, flooding the room with the soft glow of the morning light. Amy smiled brightly and said, “Joshua called, I thought I’d let you sleep in. He said to tell you he had to get to the site early this morning as they are building the access bridge over the creek today, and that it’s a simple build that won’t affect the environmental study.” She walked to the door and added over her shoulder, “I peeked down the stairs last night at the two of you. I swear I wasn’t spying! He’s so hot! He’s inspired me to try my skills at writing a book. I’ll call it, How to Date a Hot Construction Worker!”
Amy’s laughter followed her into the hallway.
Beth called after her, “He’s not a construction worker, and he owns the company.”
“Even better.” Amy’s distant reply floated into the room. “How to Date a Hot Construction Magnate.”
Beth laughed and climbed out of bed. She took a quick shower and dressed in her favorite jeans with a pale yellow blouse. She pulled her damp hair back into a ponytail as she headed down the stairs. Amy was slicing a banana into two bowls of yogurt for breakfast. Beth popped a bagel in the toaster and sat down at the breakfast bar next to Amy. After sprinkling the fruit and yogurt mixture with granola, Amy handed her a bowl.
She flashed Beth a wicked grin and said, “I scooped up your clothes and tossed them in the laundry room.”
Meeting her gaze, Beth said, “Thanks, and quit acting so weird.”
Amy laughed, “I can’t remember the last time you had a man stay over. Did you know Franklin asked me out last year? I was shocked the two of you weren’t an item. From what I know of the very few men you’ve been involved with, none of them has ever been like Joshua. They’ve all been smooth and classy like Franklin. You always go for the CEO or neurosurgeon type. You always go for the type A personality. That’s not Joshua. He’s down to earth, personable, and probably a lot of fun.”
Staring at her bowl for a moment before she looked up, Beth said, “Don’t let him fool you, he’s got some type A deep inside, but you’re right. He’s not what I usually go for. Don’t let the macho exterior fool you though. He’s intelligent, witty, and from what I can tell, a good businessman.”
“Not to mention, sexy,” Amy said with a giggle.
Beth smiled and added, “Yes, incredibly sexy.” She paused to look at Amy with a raised eyebrow. “You dated Franklin?”
“Not really,” Amy rolled her eyes, “One date was enough. We both laughed it off.” Amy flipped her long golden hair back off her shoulders and finished her breakfast. She rinsed out her bowl and turned from the sink to ask, “So what’s the plan?”
Beth glanced around and asked, “Where’s my iPad?”
Amy walked into the living room and looked around. She said, “It's not in here. I haven’t seen it.”
Beth frowned and walked over to the sofa adding, “I left it on the coffee table with my bra.”
“Are you sure?” Amy shrugged.
“Maybe I left it in my briefcase.” Beth sighed, and headed to the kitchen table adding, “Let’s set up here. I need to run over the edits for Woman of Steel one last time. Franklin wants to release the e-book and get it submitted to press by the end of the month. He’s pushing me to do some personal appearances. He’s got me scheduled in every major city between here and New York for a slew of book signings the last half of June through the middle of July.”
Amy went to the small hall closet next to the front door and pulled out the two laptop cases. She returned to the table and handed one to Beth. They sat down and began to work.


Chapter Three

The little blue mini pulled onto the shoulder of the road as soon as Randy flipped on his red lights. The plates were from Missouri. Apparently, this city slicker didn’t realize the Sherriff drove a white SUV. The little blonde at the wheel zipped right past him as he sat in the intersection waiting to turn. Randy pulled up behind her and ran the plate. Beth Stewart. Wasn’t the author Josh met named name Beth?
He climbed out of the truck and used his best police strut up to her window. He was rewarded as a beautiful blonde with big blue eyes smiled up at him. His eyes wandered down the length of her. She was petite, slender, and had a nice bust line, not huge but ample.
The girl held her smile, seemingly letting him check her out, then she leaned toward the window, allowing a clear view of her cleavage, “Hello, officer. Was I speeding?”
Randy forced his eyes from her cleavage and met her gaze. He made a serious face and said, “Yes ma'am. I clocked you at 60 in a 45 zone back at the last intersection.”
“Call me Amy.” She cooed as she handed him her driver’s license, and added, “Officer Connor.”
He couldn’t help but smile. She was the cutest thing he’d seen in a very long time. He said, “It’s Sheriff Connor. Randy Connor.”
“Sheriff? Wow, that’s very exciting.” She oozed with feminine wiles. “I’ve never met a Sheriff before.”
Randy forced back the chuckle that threatened and said, “Well today is your lucky day. Not only have you met a Sheriff, but you’re coming away with a signed souvenir.”
Amy’s smile disappeared. She didn’t seem to appreciate his humor.
Randy’s heart melted, but he held his cold demeanor. “Why don’t you tell me why you are driving Beth Stewart’s car?”
“Oh, Beth is my boss. I was just running to the local market to get some groceries.” Amy answered as her smile returned.
Randy bent over and glanced inside the vehicle. “I see. Are you relocating to this area as well?”
“Yes sir, we are.” 
“Make sure to tell Beth to get her registration transferred to the state of Utah as fast as possible.” Randy’s voice softened as their eyes met. “I’m going to let you off with a warning this time.”
Amy’s eyes opened wide, “Oh Sheriff, you are my hero!”
He laughed and added, “Would I sound like a total letch if I asked you to have dinner with me?”
Amy’s voice softened to a purr, as she answered, “Not at all. I’d love to try a local restaurant. Beth is a real homebody, and since I’ve been with her, I don’t get out much. I’ve been here for two weeks, and the only place I’ve gone is that little grocery store in town and the gas station.”
***
Beth surrendered and pulled up the Apple site on her computer to order another iPad. She found it extremely frustrating. All of her quick notes for new book ideas were on that device. Moreover, her favorite bra had disappeared with it. She could blame Charlie for the bra. She was always snatching and grabbing towels or clothing and stuffing them behind the sofa or under the bed. However, it was highly unlikely that Charlie grabbed the iPad. If she had, there would be pieces of it all over the living room.
Amy breezed in the door with an armful of groceries. She rushed to the kitchen and hastily began putting items away, “Beth! Get changed! We have a date! Hurry, hurry, hurry!”
Leaning back in her seat, Beth watched as Amy danced around the kitchen shoving cans onto the shelves and slamming cabinet doors. “We, meaning you and I are going out? Or we, meaning a double date?”
Amy stopped and stared at her, throwing her arms up in exasperation saying, “Why do you have to be so literal all of the time? We, meaning the Sheriff, Joshua's best friend. He nearly gave me a ticket on the way home. We are meeting them at that bar and grill the two of you went to on your first date, they’re probably on their way there now!”
Beth rose slowly and walked to the kitchen. She asked, “You almost got a ticket, in my car?”
“Speaking of cars,” Amy ignored her question. “Randy, the sheriff, says we won’t get 10 feet this winter in the Mini once the snow starts. We need a new car. In fact, I need my own car. Oh, and I completely forgot to tell you; Franklin will be here tomorrow to go over the details of your release and tour. Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Randy is so hot! His badge makes me quiver.”
“Amy, you are the only woman I know that can not only get out of a ticket, but walk away with a date as well. That has to come from your artistic intellect. The covers you do for my books are always so creative. It’s like you can look into the soul of my book and bring it to life with your art.” She rose and went to help Amy put the rest of the groceries away. Afterward, they rushed upstairs. Beth gave Amy free reign of the main bathroom while she took a quick shower in the half bath off her bedroom. They were dressed and out the door in twenty minutes.
Beth frowned at Joshua’s truck parked outside the restaurant. 
Beth glanced over at Amy. She was perfect. Her golden hair flowed freely around her shoulders. Her makeup was perfect. Her nails were perfect. Her choice of a peasant blouse and dark blue jeans with dangling earrings made her look like she belonged on the big screen, in some steamy drama. Beth was dressed in a tank top and capris. They were quite a pair. Barbie and one of the Bratz dolls go on a date. Beth sighed, and forced away the sense that she was too old for this kind of crap and followed Amy into the bar.
Amy floated across the bar toward Joshua and Randy’s table. Both men rose as they neared. Beth was pleased that Joshua’s eyes remained on her as they approached. He gave her a quick kiss and pulled out her chair before turning to say hi to Amy. Randy was clearly smitten. He stumbled all over himself, pulling her chair out roughly and rushing to push it in a bit too fast. Beth suspected he wanted to throw Amy down on the table and have his way with her, but instead he managed to smile and say hello.
Beth was looking forward to the night. Amy was not one to portray a pseudo persona around her, so it would be interesting to see if one emerged in the Sheriff’s presence. It was obvious the Sheriff was on his best behavior. He sat stiffly upright in his chair, with his hands in his lap, his feet flat on the floor. Why hadn’t she thought of double dating with her free-spirited assistant before? It was excellent research.
Amy's approach mesmerized Beth. She maintained her usual mannerisms. She didn’t alter to adjust to Randy’s tone or character. The two of them appeared to maintain their individuality while trying to find common interests and goals. Suddenly, it occurred to Beth: these people were enigmas. They had to be. Randy and Amy were not regular. Perhaps Amy was the catalyst. Everyone has a pseudo personality, everyone except Amy because she was an innocent. That had to be it. She was just too naive, too untarnished by the world to know any better.
Randy, well he was just a slow starter. Maybe he hadn’t established what his pseudo personality should be with Amy. Just give him time. If they started dating, Beth was sure it would emerge. Just like Joshua’s true self was bound to start sneaking through. Eventually, Beth was sure she would begin to see the real Joshua in all his flawed glory. She watched Joshua laugh and joke with Randy and tease Amy. She knew he couldn’t be perfect. Deep down inside there was selfishness or immaturity or some terrible habit or secret he’d managed to keep hidden from the world.
Joshua glanced over at her, and the smile vanished. He asked quietly, “What’s wrong?”
Beth snapped out of her stupor and forced a smile on her face. “I’m sorry. I was just lost in thought. It looks like Amy and Randy are hitting it off.”
Joshua frowned at her, looking puzzled, then smiled and said, “They sure are.” He turned back to them and announced, “The next round is on me.”
It was past 1 o’clock by the time they left the bar. Joshua and Randy walked the girls to their car. Beth draped her arms around Joshua’s neck. His lips crushed hers with an abandon that the misty night air could not cool. Beth leaned against him as his hands ran down the length of her back then wrapped around her. When they finally parted, a quick glance toward Amy found the new couple in a shy embrace. Joshua winked at Beth and opened the car door for her.
He whispered, “Looks like we can plan on more couples nights like this in the future; unless you consider that too bold of a plan?” Beth missed his quip and got in the car.
***
Randy reluctantly released Amy from their timid goodbye kiss. Randy wanted more, but the vision of his late wife flashed before his eyes slowing his pace. Amy was also very young. He leaned in the window after shutting the door behind her.
Resisting the urge to kiss her again, he said, “You want me to follow you girls home? It’s pretty late.”
Beth smiled and said, “Thanks for the offer, but we don’t have far to go. We’ll be fine.”

The night had grown cloudy, and a storm was approaching. Beth opened the moon roof and allowed the cool night air to flow through the car. Amy sank back into the seat and gazed out her window with a dreamy expression.
“So,” Beth began, “It appears the night went well.”
Amy glanced over at her and flashed a huge grin. She said, “He’s dreamy. I can’t believe a man in law enforcement can be so kind and sweet.”
“And sexy,” Beth added with a grin.
Amy laughed, “Oh yeah, that Sheriff uniform combined with his big brown eyes created quite a response when he kissed me. I wanted to jump him right there in the parking lot.”
Beth turned off the main road onto a narrow winding road that began the climb up the mountain to their cabin. She asked, “What is it about the mountains that breed charming men with such huge muscles?”
“And tiny butts!” Amy said, bursting into giggles.
Beth spied the turn off onto the long driveway to the cabin. Suddenly a blur of movement came out of the trees. She slammed on the brakes as something flashed in front of the vehicle.
Amy screamed as the car slid on the wet road heading straight toward the blur, “No! It’s Charlie!”
Beth’s heart jumped into her throat. Charlie froze in the middle of the road as the car slid toward her. She spun the steering wheel to the right sending them onto the shoulder of the road, just barely missing Charlie and a large tree. The girls jumped out of the car and rushed to Charlie, who stood shivering in the middle of the road.
“Charlie!” Beth gasped, as she knelt to embrace her. Amy was instantly next to her hugging both of them. They huddled on the road oblivious to the large raindrops that began to fall.
Beth caught her breath and started to check Charlie, squeezing each leg and running her hands over her head and back. She was uninjured but covered in mud. Beth smiled at her shaken dog and said, “Charlie, what are you doing out here?” She glanced at Amy and asked, “How did she get out?”
Amy shook her head and pulled Beth to her feet. “I locked the front door, I know I did. We better get up there and see what’s going on.” She walked back to the car and opened the door for Charlie. When Charlie was inside, she turned back to Beth adding with a smile, “Should we call the Sheriff?”
Beth laughed and climbed in the car as Amy dashed around to the other side. “Let’s wait and see.”
When they reached the house, they noticed the front door was standing wide open. Beth pulled the car up, so the headlights were shining at the cabin. They sat in the car staring at the house. 
Amy glanced around the yard and toward the barn. She said, “I don’t see any sign that someone else is here. I’m confident I shut and locked that door. Could the landlord have dropped by to check on you and left the door open?”
Beth pulled her cell phone out of her purse and said grimly, “No, Joshua changed the locks.”
***
					
Joshua answered the call on the first ring. He asked, “Beth? Is everything okay?”
Beth answered him calmly, “Josh, I’m really sorry to call you, but when we got home Charlie was out, and the front door is standing open. I’m just a bit concerned about going inside.”
“Don’t go in the house,” Joshua answered quickly. “Stay in the car, lock the doors and if anyone comes out of the house, I want you to hightail it back to the bar. I’m on my way. I’m going to call Randy. He lives closer and can get to you quicker.”
“We’re fine, Josh,” Beth answered.
“I’ll call you back in a few minutes,” Josh replied and hung up.
Beth turned to Amy and said, “Josh is calling Randy; he’s closer, but they're both on their way.”
Amy had her back turned to Beth; she was staring out the window toward the stables. She said, “Can you turn the headlights on the stables, something is moving over there.”
Beth backed up the car and turned it toward the stables. They sat in silence watching for movement. Amy shook her head after a few minutes and said, “I swear I thought I saw a person walking into the stables, but it's dark, maybe it was just a deer… or a shadow.”
They both jumped as Beth’s phone rang. Amy laughed and patted Charlie’s head when she stuck it between the seats to check on them. Beth answered the phone; a deep voice resonated from the earpiece. “Beth, this is Randy. I’ll be there in about 5 minutes.” Beth put him on speaker as he continued, “I just want to make sure you are both staying in the car.”
Amy answered, “Randy, it's Amy. We are in the Mini, but I thought I saw someone go into the stables.”
Randy’s voice deepened, “Just stay in the car. Is Charlie with you?” As he finished his question, Charlie began to bark at the back seat window on Amy’s side. “I’m almost there. It might be a good idea for you to head back toward the road.”
Beth answered as she reached back to pat Charlie. “The headlights are shining on the barn, but we haven’t seen anything else, and there aren’t any vehicles here. I think Amy and Charlie are just spooked. We’ll stay put unless we see someone.”
Randy’s voice softened, he said, “I’m turning off the main road now onto your street. Don’t move the car again unless you need to leave. If someone was there, I'll know. I want to look for tire marks. Do you have weapons on-site?”
Beth glanced at Amy and said, “Josh gave me a shotgun. It’s on top of the kitchen cabinets. I don’t think anyone would see it though, if they didn’t know to look for it.”
“Good to know,” Randy answered, “Okay, ladies. I’m turning onto the side road that leads to your driveway. See you in about 2 minutes. Call me if anything changes.”
Beth disconnected the call, and they sat in the darkness listening to the windshield wipers move back and forth. The rain began to fall in sheets as the wind grew stronger, whipping the treetops into a frenzy. It was a very long two minutes before Randy’s flashing red lights lit up the darkness around them. He drove past them and shone his searchlight into the small stables before returning to the cabin. He shone the light on the front door and climbed out of his truck.
He walked to their car as Beth rolled down the window. He flashed a smile at them as he leaned against the car. Beth smiled back; Amy was right. He had a sexy smile. He said, “I’m going to check the house. I need you lovely ladies to stay right here until I get back.”
“Anything you say, Sheriff,” Amy answered with a smile.
Randy nodded and disappeared into the house. They sat in nervous silence as the lights in the house slowly came on one by one. Joshua’s truck roared up the drive as the upstairs lights came on. Joshua was out of his truck in an instant and at Beth’s window.
The look of concern on his face sent Beth’s heart racing. He asked, “You two okay?”
Beth nodded at the sight of him; a large knot developed in her throat, and she couldn’t answer. He smiled and reached out to touch her arm, adding, “Okay, I’m going to check on Randy. I’ll be right back.” Beth nodded, noticing the handgun stuck in his belt.
They watched Joshua disappear into the house. Amy sighed and said, “I’m beginning to feel like a foolish girl. We should have manned up and checked the house ourselves. It’s probably nothing. We lived in the theater district of Manhattan for two years and never had a problem. Why are we such wimps now?"
Beth turned to Amy and said, “I know you. If you say the door was locked, it was locked. As you said, we lived in New York for two years; we aren’t a couple of careless females. Frankly, we’re out of our element here. We have no idea what to expect out here in the mountains. In New York, everyone in the building watched out for each other. Here, we don’t have any neighbors to hear our screams and come running. Now I understand why Joshua brought me that gun.”

Randy and Joshua appeared in the doorway. Joshua was holding the shotgun he gave Beth. They talked for a minute then Randy headed for the stables. Joshua went to his truck and opened the door. A large black and white malamute with a mixture of gray spread throughout his longhaired coat bounded out to greet him. Joshua motioned toward the stables and Kilo dashed off after Randy. Joshua watched as Kilo caught up to Randy, then came to the girl’s car.
He met Beth’s questioning gaze with a soft smile and said, “It’s all clear, but Randy said someone did break in. Let’s get you girls, and Charlie inside, and we’ll talk about it. Randy doesn’t believe they’re around anymore, but he’s going to check the stables just to make sure. Why don’t you leave the headlights on until he’s finished, and I’ll come out and move the car later.” He opened Beth’s door and offered his hand to help her out. Then opened the back door and whistled for Charlie, who eagerly jumped out into the rain to greet him.
Beth and Amy followed Joshua inside. They stood frozen in the entryway as they glanced around the room. Joshua returned from a small bathroom off the kitchen with a towel for Charlie. He stopped when he saw them and stared for a minute. Realizing they were terrified, Joshua came back over to them. He put his arm around their shoulders and escorted them to the sofa.
He took their jackets and urged them to sit down. He said, “Don’t worry. It’s safe. No one else is here, and we aren’t going to leave you alone tonight.” Joshua sat down in the armchair across from them and called Charlie over. He threw the towel over her back and began to rub her down. He chuckled and asked, “Did you have much of an adventure tonight Charlie?”
“Are you joking?” Beth gasped, “I nearly killed her! Who knows how long she ran wild in the darkness? She made it all the way out to the road. She ran right out in front of my car. I could have...” Beth’s voice broke, and she began to sob.
Joshua was instantly at her side. Pulling her into his arms, he held her close. Amy rushed over and embraced them both. Randy walked through the door and stopped to stare at them.
He asked, “Do you three want to be alone or is there room for one more?”
Amy jumped up and rushed across the room to embrace him as Kilo dashed through the door and bounded up to Charlie. Amy and Randy scrambled to catch the pair of wet dogs and herd them into the bathroom. He called over his shoulder to Joshua and Beth, “Stay in the living room until we have time to talk.”
Joshua pulled back and cupped Beth’s chin saying, “Charlie’s lucky to have someone like you in her life. She’s a sweet dog. I’m sure if someone broke in, they just put her outside. Golden's are as far away from a guard dog as you can get. She probably wagged her tail and greeted them. There was no reason to hurt her.”
Beth wiped away her tears and met Joshua’s gaze. She said softly, “I hate the idea of someone breaking into my home. Your home is supposed to be a safe haven.”
“I know,” Joshua brushed a stray hair from her cheek and said, “It’s scary, but let’s wait until Randy tells us what he found. It’s probably nothing, the door didn’t shut right and the wind blew it open. It’s that simple.”
Joshua was surprised to see Beth laughing. He raised one eyebrow, questioning her belief in his sincerity. Finally, he smiled and chuckled, then said, “Why don’t I leave Kilo here for a few days. Charlie could use a playmate, and it will help you relax.”
Randy and Amy reappeared from the bathroom with the dogs. Beth and Joshua rose to greet them. Amy came to Beth’s side and smiled, “Randy says we should take a look around and see if we can tell what’s missing.”
Beth glanced at Randy, and he added, “You did have a break-in. It appears they concentrated on the bedrooms, but we should start here on the main floor and work our way upstairs.”
Beth and Amy’s eyes went straight to the kitchen table. Amy rushed over and immediately sighed with relief. She turned to Beth and said, “The laptops are still here.”
Beth seemed to relax a bit with that news and glanced around the room. She said, “The flat screen TV and Blue Ray are here, as well. Everything seems fine on this floor. What did they do upstairs?”
Randy and Joshua exchanged glances then Randy answered, “They went through the drawers and closets. Do you own any expensive jewelry?”
“Jewelry…”Amy gasped and ran up the stairs, the others followed. Amy ran into her room and moaned, “Oh no, my grandma’s jewelry box!”
The others followed at her heels. Beth was shocked at the disarray before her. Amy’s dresser drawers lay scattered about. Her clothes lay strewn across the floor. Her mattress lay halfway off the bed. Shreds of her pillows littered the floor. The contents of Amy’s closet pulled out and trampled in the search. Randy pulled Amy into his arms and she sobbed on his chest.

Beth turned and darted into her room. She found the same confusion. Clothing and drawers scattered; pillows slashed and her dresser turned on its side. Joshua came up behind her and touched her shoulder. She pushed him away as anger filled her.
“Beth, I know it looks bad.”  He began, “But they are only material things, you need to concentrate on what’s important.”
Beth spun to glare at him and growled, “Important?” When their eyes met the compassion, she found there shook her to her core. She didn’t know how to respond. The men in her past had always been so judgmental and self-concerning, just as her father had been. One look at this room and her father would have lectured her for hours on her carelessness and reckless attitude toward her own safety. Yet Joshua wanted to comfort her, protect her.
Beth had no idea how long she stood there staring at Joshua. Finally, she glanced down at the floor and said, “I’m sorry, this isn’t your fault.”
Joshua reached out and took her by the shoulders. He whispered, “It’s going to be alright.” He pulled her against him, and they held each other in silence.

***
The next morning Beth woke up on the sofa wrapped in Joshua’s arms. She glanced over to the recliner and smiled when she saw Amy sound asleep and cradled in Randy’s arms. Joshua opened his eyes and pulled Beth back down as she attempted to sit up.
He rolled her over on her back and climbed on top of her saying, “Where do you think you’re going?”
Beth stared up into his deep blue eyes and smiled. Before she could speak, Charlie jumped on the sofa on top of Joshua, followed by Kilo. Beth let out a squeak as Joshua collapsed protectively on top of her laughing.  

Randy bolted upright in the recliner, jolting Amy awake. The dogs bounded off the sofa and went to the front door, desperate to go outside.
Randy scooped Amy up in his arms as he rose from the recliner and said, “Amy, I’m pretty sure there’s no way for me to make our second date more eventful than our first.”
Amy laughed and responded with, “Would it help if I promise the next time we spend the night together, it won’t be in a recliner?”
Her comment seemed to shake Randy up a bit. He flashed a nervous smile and set her down gently on her feet. He glanced at Joshua for assistance. Joshua flashed Randy a huge smile, climbed off Beth, and headed for the front door.
He called over his shoulder as he went, “I’m going to take the dogs and check out the stables. Sheriff, Want to join me?”
Randy stumbled across the room in his rush to reach the door. Joshua smiled and winked at Amy as the dogs dashed outside. “Randy doesn’t date much,” He offered, “I think he’s a bit out of sorts right now.” He followed Randy out the door into the bright morning light. 

Amy turned a questioning glance at Beth.
Beth rose from the sofa and reached out to touch her shoulder saying, “Joshua told me Randy’s wife died a few years ago.”
Amy frowned at her and asked, “What does that mean? Is he supposed to be broken or he’s scarred for life? Are you saying he’ll never have sex again? What?”
Beth gave Amy a hug and answered, “It means you may have to take this slowly. He’s a sweet man, but he has some baggage. You’re going to have to allow him some time to adjust. It’s possible he’s feeling guilty for being attracted to you.”
Amy sighed and headed for the kitchen. She said, “I get it. I’m in no rush. I don’t want to marry him. I just want to date him. Let’s make breakfast for the guys. I bet they would like steak and eggs.”
Beth watched in awe as Amy walked across the room and opened the refrigerator. She crossed to the kitchen and said, “Amy, you are marvelous. You find out your latest romance has a secret past, and you don’t ask one question about it. Not only are you not curious, but you also move past Randy’s hesitation for involvement and dive right into the breakfast. How do you do it?”
Amy turned to Beth and offered in a mild tone, “I take people at face value. I don’t expect any more than they give, and I don’t anticipate their reactions.”
Beth reached into the refrigerator and pulled out a carton of eggs. She asked casually, not taking offense, “Are you criticizing me?”
Amy smiled and added, “I love you, Beth. You are the big sister I never had, but you and I are complete opposites. I guess that’s why we get along so well. You analyze everyone; you can’t help it. You have this grand idea of how life is supposed to evolve. I actually do think there are many people out there acting just as you say. However, I think life is a mixture of mystery and confusion. Nothing is ever as it seems, and then again, it is precisely as it seems.”
Beth pulled a bowl out of the cabinet and whisk out of a drawer. She began breaking eggs into a bowl. She tipped the bowl slightly to one side and attacked the eggs with fury. Finally, she said, “You aren’t making any sense. Chaos and predictability don’t make good partners.”
Amy pulled a large skillet out of the oven and added two T-bone steaks. She glanced over at Beth and said, “Everyone has a secret past, Beth. I never told you what happened after cancer took my mother. I was 11 years old. My father couldn’t cope with her loss, so he drowned his sorrows in a case of beer every night. A few years into his alcoholic stupor, he found out I had a boyfriend. He was drunk and freaked out. My thirteen-year-old brother killed him that night with a shotgun to stop him from strangling the life out of me.”
Beth turned to stare at Amy. Tears streamed down her face, she couldn’t speak. Amy smiled at her and said, “So you see, Beth. I choose to be light-hearted and carefree because that’s who I want to be. I refuse to dwell on the past or be haunted by what ifs all my life. I want to live my life to its fullest and enjoy every second. Why would I choose otherwise? Why would I want to set an expectation for anything else? I’m not hiding behind a pseudo personality, because I like who I am. I choose to be a lighthearted free spirit. I refuse to live my life any other way, and I’m not shy about it either. This is my character because it is whom I choose to be.”
Suddenly Charlie appeared at Beth’s side, and they turned to find Randy and Joshua standing in the doorway. The look of sorrow on Randy’s face told them he’d heard everything Amy said. Joshua’s eyes focused on Beth as Randy walked slowly across the room to stand next to Amy. Joshua motioned for Beth to come with him as he turned back toward the door. She immediately dropped the whisk in a bowl and headed out the door after him.

Randy moved the skillet off the burner and turned off the stove. He reached out and cupped Amy’s chin. His voice was soft and full of emotion, “My wife died of leukemia. It took her fast; we tried everything, but nothing could stop it.” He pulled her against him and held her as he continued, “You’re right, Amy, everyone has a past. Some people live their entire life without hardship and sorrow. The rest of us have to fight hard for our happiness. Honestly, I think you and I are the lucky ones. We’ve learned to appreciate what we have while we have it. Those other people have no idea what life is really about, but we do, don’t we?”
He released her and gazed down into her big blue eyes. Her face filled with a weak smile, and she said, “I’ve never told anyone that story before. I don’t know why it came out now. But I can tell you, I’ve never felt so close to anyone as quickly as I have with you.”
Randy added, “Well, now that we’ve got all the drama out of the way, we can relax and concentrate on the boring stuff. Like your favorite color, what TV shows you like...”
Amy laughed and said, “Or what loser football team you root for.”
Randy released her, acting offended and said, “Now you’ve gone too far.”

Chapter Four

 “I’m telling you, Josh.” Randy leaned over his desk for emphasis and continued, “It looks to me like someone was camping out in that stable. You could be right, maybe its kids, but my gut is says something’s going on. Beth is a well-known author of psychological books. That sort of thing can attract all sorts of unstable personalities.”
Josh shook his head in disagreement, “I find it hard to believe that a crazed fan would be able to find Beth half way across the country, way up in a cabin in the mountains that’s not even in her name. It’s just too farfetched to take seriously. On the other hand, a couple of hunters that lost their way might have taken shelter for the night or even used the barn as a base. That’s more likely, given the fact that the cabin sat empty all winter.”
Randy leaned back and added, “Regardless, we need to secure the stables. Beth isn’t using it, so I called Gene Weller. He agreed to allow us to board up the windows and padlock the door. Can you come with me tonight and give me a hand with it?”
Josh leaned forward in his seat and said, “You really like Amy, don’t you?”
Randy’s face broke out into a sheepish grin. He said, “Josh, she’s a breath of fresh air. I can’t stop thinking about her.”
Josh smiled and rose to leave, “I’m happy for you Randy. It’s long overdue. I loved Mary with all my heart, but she wouldn’t want you to be alone.”
Randy’s smile softened as Josh disappeared through the door. He whispered, “I know she wouldn’t.”

***
Beth opened the door for Franklin. He was all business as usual with his silver Armani suit and Bottega Veneta briefcase. He gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and headed to join Amy at the kitchen table.
He pulled out a chair and glanced quickly around the room before announcing, “I saw the largest spider I’ve ever seen in my life skitter across your narrow little sidewalk. At first, I thought it was some kind of mutant fox with too many legs, and then I realized the truth.”
Amy burst into laughter and punched his arm playfully saying, “Don’t worry, Beth has a shotgun. If it tries anything, she will blast its furry little legs off.”
Franklin spun to face Beth and added, “You really have gone, hillbilly. Have you been shopping at the local thrift shop yet? I’m sure it’s full of those tiny cut-off jean shorts.”
Beth and Amy both lost their smiles and locked eyes with each other. Franklin stopped and stared at Beth. She turned to face him and said, “We had a break in.”
“What do you mean?” Franklin sat down.
Amy glanced at Beth then explained, “Someone broke in the house last night, and Charlie got out. We found her in the middle of the road.”
Franklin looked confused and said, “Someone tried to steal Charlie?”
“No,” Beth sat down next to Franklin and added, “They let Charlie out, then went through our bedrooms. They stole Amy’s jewelry box and a pair of my diamond earrings.”
Franklin draped his arm around Beth’s shoulders and asked, “Last night?” He glanced around the room and back at the table adding, “They left all the electronics?”
Beth nodded and said, “Yes, and the shotgun. It makes no sense. It seems to me, they were probably looking for drugs or cash. I’m beginning to think that someone thought the owners were staying here. That would explain why they were looking for something in the bedrooms.”
Franklin glanced over at Amy and asked, “Could there be a hidden safe in one of the closets?”
Amy shook her head and said, “If there were, they would have found it. They stripped everything except the light fixtures and the drywall.”
“Did you contact the landlord to ask if there is a history of break-ins?” Franklin leaned toward the table concentrating on Amy. “Did I ever tell you, I grew up in Colorado? I can tell you from personal experience that empty houses in rural areas are common victims of vandalism and often hosts for Meth labs.”
Amy laughed and rose from the table saying, “Franklin! I think the landlord would have mentioned it there was a meth lab in this cabin.”
She walked into the kitchen and pulled a pitcher of lemonade from the refrigerator. He declared, “I think you both should move back to the hotel until the house is finished.”
Amy pulled three glasses out of the cabinet and filled them with ice from the freezer. She smiled and whistled loudly. Suddenly Charlie and Kilo came bounding down the stairs and across the room.
Franklin jumped to his feet and declared loudly, “You got a guard dog? That thing is huge!”
Kilo rushed toward Franklin barking and growling as the hair on his back began to rise. Franklin frantically rushed around to the other side of the table and said, “Is he a trained killer?”
Amy laughed, filled the glasses with lemonade and called to the dogs, “Come on Kilo, let’s take Charlie for a quick walk.”
Kilo stopped and stared at Franklin for a moment, then turned and headed for the door after Charlie and Amy. Once they were gone, Franklin came back around the table to Beth and said, “I know your uncle was like a father to you, but you don’t have to live up here in the mountains. You have nothing to prove.”
Beth glanced out the window at the large tree that stood in the center of the backyard. “That’s a willow tree; it means there’s a good water source under the back yard. My uncle planted a willow tree at the side of his house where a small spring would erupt from the earth and flow across the yard during a heavy rain. That side yard had been like a soggy marsh for years until that tree began to grow, and boy did it grow fast. Soon the tree was full size, and the side yard grew damp only after a hard spring rain. I love willow trees.”
The late morning sun filtered through the trees that lined the yard sending shadows dancing across the tall grass. Her eyes wandered to the mountains in the distance. They looked like large green cat paws spread out across the horizon.
“I need a lawn mower,” Beth said softly. She turned to Franklin and asked, “Am I supposed to mow the lawn or do the landlords take care of that kind of thing?”
Franklin rolled his eyes and sighed, “You aren’t listening to me.”
She smiled at him and said, “I like it here. I have fond memories of the time I spent in these mountains with my aunt and uncle. It’s so beautiful and soothing here. Just knowing I’m surrounded by wilderness relaxes me, inspires me.”
“What about last night?” Franklin answered somberly, unimpressed by her wistful expression.
She glanced down at her laptop and pulled out her chair. “I told you, it’s got something to do with the owners, or some bored teenage campers looking for easy money. That’s why they took the jewelry and not the electronics. They were probably on foot.”
Franklin smiled and raised his hands in surrender. He said, “I can see you're determined, so I’m done lecturing. I’m sure you and Rin Tin Tin have this all under control. Let’s review your itinerary for next month. Do you want me to take a look at your speech?”
***
Franklin was gone by the time Randy and Josh arrived to secure the stables. Beth and Amy came out to greet them dressed in jeans and t-shirts, ready to assist. Randy rushed over and took the toolbox Amy was carrying.
Randy sat the faded gray box on a tree stump next to the gravel driveway. He opened it and pulled out an old ball peen hammer with a wooden handle, a chipped flat head screwdriver, an old carpenter’s plane, a putty knife, and an old pair of leather work gloves. He glanced up at Amy trying not to smile, and asked, “Where did you find these pieces of junk?”
Amy proudly announced, “There’s a workbench in the basement full of all sorts of old tools. I found this toolbox and loaded it up with a few things I thought we would need.”
Josh came up behind Randy and peered over his shoulder, then reached out and grabbed the plane. “This is an antique, it could be worth some money,” He declared, “Amy, when we are done here I’d love to see that workbench.”
Randy turned to face him and said, “You can’t keep that. It’s not yours.”
Josh flashed Randy an amused frown and said, “I’m not keeping anything; I’m just looking. Will there ever be a time in your life when you can just relax and forget you’re a cop?”
Randy met his gaze. He was not amused. He answered, “You forget, we grew up together. I know what you’re capable of, so the answer to your question is no.”
Josh tossed the plane back in the old toolbox and chuckled. “If I recall, whatever crime you think I committed, you were right there beside me urging me on.”
They spent the next hour boarding up the windows and padlocking the front and rear doors. Charlie and Kilo dashed in and out of the nearby trees under Josh’s watchful eye while they worked. Randy took the last padlock and secured the detached garage that was too full of junk for a vehicle.
When they finished, Randy offered, “Why don’t I run to Sadie’s and get us some fried chicken for dinner while you guys relax for a bit?” 
Amy chimed in, “I’ll go with you.” She flashed a big smile, and he offered her his hand as she added, “I’ll get a couple of salads for those of us who don’t want to gain five pounds from fried chicken.” 
Randy chuckled and they headed for his truck. 
Josh put his arm around Beth’s shoulders as they walked back to the cabin. He asked, “What happened to Franklin?”
Beth clapped her hands, and Charlie quickly followed them. Kilo was not far behind. She said, “He stopped by for a bit and left my trip itinerary. He has some Skype conferences to make and had to get to bed early. We’re heading to San Diego in the morning.”
“So I won’t see you again until after the 4th of July?” Josh asked casually.
“Yes, do you think Amy will be all right here alone?” Beth answered as they reached the door.
“Kilo loves it here.” Josh began, “I’d be happy to leave Kilo here for a few days if it makes you feel better. I’m positive it was a group of kids. I can install some motion activated yard lights on the house and the garage for added security. If anyone comes around, this place will light up like Christmas. Randy and I can drop by tomorrow and set it up if it’s okay with you and Amy.”
“I like that idea.” Beth smiled and took his hand. “Let’s get cleaned up before they get back.”
Joshua smiled and followed her upstairs saying, “I like a woman who doesn’t mind company in the shower.”
***
Franklin pulled up in his rental car as the sun peaked over the distant mountains for the trip to the Salt Lake City airport. It was a short flight to San Diego and a quick cab ride to the hotel. They checked in and agreed to meet for lunch in the hotel restaurant. The seminar and book signing at the local University library occupied the rest of the night. Beth unpacked her toiletries and drew a bath. She resisted the urge to call Josh. It had only been a month, and they were constantly together. This 30-day separation was just what the relationship needed so both of them could get some perspective and slow down the pace.
Amy was right. Beth regularly dated men with a Type A personality, tons of money, designer suits and impeccable taste in the arts. Joshua had plenty of money. He showed a considerable amount of patience when she hesitated to make decisions regarding the house. He was fiercely dedicated to his friendship with Randy. He stopped working when the workday was done, and the stern, yet gentle way he handled the dogs was usual for a Type A personality. She believed Josh didn't allow his drive for success to overshadow his personal life. Beth also suspected he didn’t even own a suit. If he did, it probably consisted of a tweed jacket with patches on the elbows, which would go well with blue jeans, and he probably looked fantastic in it.
She smiled at that vision, stepped into the large jetted tub and sank down into a sea of bubbles. As she leaned back against the side of the tub, she realized she had no idea if Josh liked the arts. In fact, she didn’t know his taste in any kind of art, except music. He was a Country Music fan. She knew that from time spent in his truck. It occurred to her she’d never been inside his home. She had no idea what his tastes were. Beth opened her eyes wide in surprise; she had been very selfish in their relationship. It was entirely one sided except in the bedroom, where they were equally determined to pleasure the other.
Beth decided as soon as she got back, she was going to discover who Josh was, deep down inside. His pseudo personality was incredibly sexy, but there had to be flaws hidden somewhere deep inside. He had to be hiding something, and she was going to find out what it was.
***
The book signing tour kept Beth working from sunrise to sunset and beyond. She kept busy with book signings, speeches, or personal appearances on the local radio talk shows or news channels. By the time they reached New York for her appearance on a Network morning talk show, she was ready for the tour to end.
They arrived at LaGuardia Airport just in time for rush hour traffic. Once they reached the hotel, Beth was ready for room service and a warm fluffy bed. Franklin rode up in the elevator with her, he glanced over at her as he set his briefcase on the floor.
He asked, “Can you meet me for dinner in one hour, after you freshen up? I made reservations last month to make sure we don’t have to wait all night for dinner.”
Beth sighed and arched her back stretching her muscles. She said, “I’m exhausted Franklin, and we have to be on set at 4 o'clock. I was planning on ordering room service and calling it a night.”
Franklin nodded and picked up his briefcase adding, “Very well. I know you aren’t much for breakfast, so just knock on my door when you're ready to head out in the morning. I’ll have a cab waiting.” The elevator doors opened, and they said goodnight.
Morning came quickly. Beth pulled open the curtains across the large windows that lined her wall. The city was alive and flourishing in the darkness. Cars rushed through the streets below; little beacons of light headed to secret destinations for unknown experiences. Tiny figures moved across the sidewalks. They looked like little bugs scurrying to and from candy buildings, carrying their prizes with them.
She turned and headed to the bathroom to shower. Within an hour, she was dressed in her best suit and skirt that showed just a touch of her thigh when she sat down. Beth was ready for her first national interview. She glanced in the mirror, checking her hair and makeup. It was excellent. She was ready. Taking a deep breath, she ran over her speech in her mind. A knock came at the door, and she peered through the peephole to find Franklin staring back at her.
She opened the door and frowned at Franklin's smiling face saying, “Wasn’t I supposed to knock on your door this morning?”
“I thought you might be worried, so I came to check on you.”
She smiled back and grabbed her purse.
***
The studio was smaller than she'd expected. The waiting room wasn’t much bigger than a walk-in closet. It had a tiny table filled with juice and various pastries, bagels and fruit. She sat in a tall chair while a young woman touched up her makeup and hair. Franklin gave her a kiss on the cheek and disappeared out the door; a few minutes later a young man came to escort her to the set.
The host was a beautiful woman in her late twenties. She wore a body hugging pale green suit and had long flowing blonde hair. She prompted Beth on the few questions she would ask, then the set darkened, and they began.
The Host began with a big smile for the camera. She said, “Good Morning, Lisa Mills here with Psychologist and Author, Elizabeth Stewart. Elizabeth is the author of the New York Times bestselling book series If Life Were a Garden. Elizabeth is an expert on relationship development. Her books, though geared toward women, teach us a lot about the dynamics of how relationships evolve. The fourth book in this series is her latest entitled Weeding Your Garden.” Lisa turned toward Beth and said, “I love the idiom of referring to our walk through life as a garden. The weeds are unwanted relationships, such as unfaithful lovers or untrustworthy friendships. Your theory on the length of time it takes to get to know the people in your life is compelling. Can you elaborate?”
Beth flashed Lisa a brilliant smile and said, “Yes Lisa, I’d love to explain. Our culture has grown to expect most relationships to fail. Statistics site the divorce rate, and separation percentages are higher now than ever before. I believe the main reason why marriages fail is the simple fact that people are marrying virtual strangers. 
“Furthermore, a person should be confident in their own personality and skills before trying to merge their life with someone else. Statistics prove that most people strive to conform to their partner’s character expectations. In other words, people try to alter their personalities to meet what they believe are their partner's expectations of how they should behave. I call this transition a Pseudo Personality.”
Lisa leaned toward Beth in her seat and said, “Pseudo Personality; that is fascinating. When do people start to assume this Pseudo Personality?”
Beth turned to face the camera as she continued, “Pseudo Personalities are very common on first dates. Most people are on their best behavior, using their best manners. They pay close attention to their perception. They try to judge how the date is going. They use good grammar, good posture, and good table manners. Men open doors for women and avoid foul language. Women use probing questions to try to keep their date talking. Most women feign interest in sports or hobbies the other finds fascinating. All this is done, not as a deception, but as a tool to develop their relationship.”
Lisa tilted her head to one side and asked, “How long can someone maintain a Pseudo Personality?”
Beth let her smile falter a bit to look more serious as she answered, “Research had shown a regular person can maintain a pseudo personality for up to three years before they began to tire of the exertion.”
Lisa gasped and asked, “How can you tell if someone has assumed a Pseudo Personality.”
“You can’t,” Beth explained, “All you can do is give the relationship time, don’t rush into marriage. Wait until you’ve reached the point where each person must show their hidden personalities and reveal their innermost secrets or fears.”
Lisa frowned and asked, “Is there no way to avoid a Pseudo Personality?”
Beth turned back to the camera and said, “Many women believe they must mold themselves to match the man in their life. Some women believe they have to conform to his desires, his preferences, and his views or they will end up alone. This is not correct. Women need to understand they are the driving force of the American Family. Women are as financially independent in our current society as men. If you are a woman who has not been without a partner since you began dating, then it is time for you to be alone. Only on your own, without a partner, can your true personality emerge. Only without a partner can anyone finally begin to discover his or her own path in life. Once you find your own path toward your personal goals, are you prepared to merge your life with another? Only then are you confident enough in your own character and abilities to avoid creating a Pseudo Personality to please your partner. Only then, can you enter into a relationship without believing you need to change your spouse, to meet your expectations.”
Lisa stared at Beth in silence for a moment, and then asked quietly, “What advice would you give someone who is already in a relationship?”
Beth smiled gently at Lisa and said, “Three years may seem like a very long time to date someone. So consider this: three years of dating could save you twenty years of unhappiness, stuck in a marriage to someone you do not want. Isn’t it worth slowing down and taking your time? My advice is, don’t live together. Maintain separate homes instead. There is nothing wrong with an intimate relationship between lovers who do not live together. Living separately during this three-year period will allow each person to relax and return to his or her actual character on a regular basis. This consistent return to their true self will enable each of them to show their true character to each other much sooner than expected. This process could actually shorten the three-year time span to approximately two years if it is done correctly.”
***
Josh raised the remote and turned off the television. Beth’s face disappeared into the darkness. He rolled over in bed and went back to sleep. A few hours later the phone rang, but he didn’t answer it. He couldn’t. He knew it was Beth. He knew she wanted to know what he thought of her interview. He also knew he couldn’t talk to her right now.
***
Beth put her phone back in her purse and glanced across the table at Franklin. “I guess he’s still asleep. I hope he didn’t miss the show.”
Franklin reached out and touched Beth’s hand saying, “I’m sure he saw it and is just trying to catch up on his sleep. How are your Eggs Benedict?”
“Too scrumptious,” Beth said with a guilty smile, “I’m sure I’m gaining a pound with each bite.”
Franklin laughed and reached down to open his briefcase. He pulled out his iPad and turned it on saying, “I’ve been working on something I want to run past you now that your Garden Series is complete. I think it’s time for you to branch out into something new, something fun.”
Beth frowned at his glancing down at the iPad. She said, “Franklin, we’ve already planned to start a series about the dynamics of a blended family.”
Franklin smiled at her and said, “Yes, I know, but I thought you might want to take a break from the psychology and possibly write something exciting.”
“Fun and exciting?” Beth took another bite of her eggs and added, “I thought you loved my books. You don’t think what I do is fun?”
Franklin laughed and explained, “I was thinking about Fiction, possibly an erotica romance maybe or a psychological thriller.”
“What?” Beth dropped her fork on her plate and stared at him.
“Erotica is hot right now.” Franklin explained, “We have to accept the fact that psychology books sales tend to be a bit trendy. The next hot relationship theory that comes out can decrease your sales to zip in a matter of months. You have a background in psychology which would be very beneficial to an erotica series.”
Beth couldn’t believe what she was hearing. She stammered, “Erotica? Are you crazy? You think I should write porn. That is your long-term plan for me. You want me to write porn?”
Franklin raised his hands in surrender and said, “It’s not porn, it's erotica, and it’s very hot. You’d be good at it, and it’d give Amy a chance to create an incredibly artistic cover. With your experience, you could write a killer suspense series with a sexy girl detective. Now that’s exciting!”
“Franklin, I don’t need to tell you fiction and non-fiction are two completely different styles of writing.” Beth stared at him as if she’d never seen him before. “I haven’t written fiction since college. I love writing non-fiction; it’s who I am. I don’t want to become someone else.”
“I’m not asking you to lose your identity.” Franklin’s smile disappeared, “I’m just trying to take advantage of a hot new trend in the market.”
“I thought I was a hot new trend.” Beth refused to back down.
“You are, but if you would just consider giving this a try, we could branch out into other markets. We could use a pseudo name if you like, no one has to know.” Franklin’s eyes narrowed, “Eventually you are going to run out of self-help books to write. I think a romance or mystery series would be a great fall back.”
“Fall back?” Beth’s voice rose with her reply. “Now I need a fallback? Franklin, is there something going on that you are not telling me? Are my sales falling? Is the market demand moving away from self-help books?”
“No, of course not,” Franklin tapped his fingers on the table impatiently.
“Are you having trouble setting up book signings and personal appearances?”
“No,” Franklin snapped, his face turning red.
“Are my fans complaining that my books are boring?”
“Not at all,” Franklin’s breathing was deep and forced.
“Then drop this, I’m not interested. I like what I’m doing, and I don’t believe I will run out of topics to write about. I have a list on my iPad of at least 20 other books I want to write. You know that.”
“Just think about it.” Franklin insisted. He took a deep breath and glanced around the room. His smile reappeared as he added, “I’ll touch base with you next month after you’ve had time to calm down.”
Beth shook her head at him and said, “I don’t do fiction.” She rose and added, “I’m going upstairs to pack. This tour is over, and I don’t see any good in wasting time arguing with you over a book series that is never going to happen.”

***
When Beth arrived at the Salt Lake City Airport, she took a cab to the nearest car dealer and purchased an SUV. The sun began to sink behind the rolling green mountains as she pulled in front of the cabin. A cool breeze greeted her; she unloaded her bags and walked to the front door.  
Dropping her bags on the stoop, she unlocked the door and tossed her bags across the threshold before walking inside. Charlie was instantly at her side jumping up and placing her huge paws on Beth’s chest to greet her. Beth glanced up and found Randy rising from the sofa pulling on his shirt, followed by Amy, who did the same.
“Oops,” Beth said with a laugh and added, “Surprise! I’m home early!”
Amy smiled and rushed over to hug Beth. Randy grabbed her bags and flashed an embarrassed smile saying, “Welcome home. I’ll take these upstairs for you.”
“Thank you so much Randy, and when you’re done come on outside and see my new car.” Beth stepped to the door and opened it wide so Amy could see the SUV.
Amy squealed with delight and ran outside. “Beth!” She called as she opened the front door, “Now you are a true mountain woman! You own a truck!”
Beth laughed and countered with, “And you own a Mini.”
Amy stopped and stared at Beth, her eyes opened wide in surprise. She threw her arms around Beth and asked, “You are giving me a car?”
Beth laughed and explained, “Yes, to use as a down payment on your own truck. It’s brand new so the trade in value should give you a decent deposit.”
Amy released Beth; her eyes were full of tears. She said, “You are unbelievable. I’m only your assistant, yet you let me live with you and share your life so I can save my money for my Master’s Degree. You turn a blind eye when I’m taking an online class instead of working your re-edits, and now you’re giving me your car?”
Beth smiled and rolled her eyes saying, “Honestly, Amy. You deserve it. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Amy hugged her again as Randy came outside to check out the SUV. “Randy!” Amy rushed over to him. “Beth gave me her car to trade in for my own truck!”
Randy glanced at Beth and winked at her then said, “Have you ever driven a truck?”
Amy stared at him in confusion and asked, “What?”
“Oh yeah,” Randy continued, “I’m not sure it’s legal for a petite urban blonde to operate a pickup truck.”
Amy shoved at his chest with both hands frowning in annoyance but unable to hide her amusement. “Whatever,” she said as she turned back toward the SUV.
Beth tossed Randy the keys, and he started the engine and popped the hood to listen to how it ran. He said, “I think you made a good decision. It will get you anywhere you need to go.
“Thanks,” Beth said, closing the hood and the doors. “Have you had dinner? I’m starving.”
Amy glanced at Randy, then back to Beth, and said with hesitation, “We ate earlier, but we were thinking of heading to Sadie’s later for a drink. Do you want to join us?”
“Sure,” Beth answered and opened the front door of the SUV adding, “First I’m going to run by Joshua’s. I haven’t been able to reach him all day.”
Randy and Amy exchanged looks again, and Randy stepped forward slowly saying, “Uh... he’s working now. He’s been working all day. We actually have plans for the four of us to go to Sadie’s for dinner the day after tomorrow when you were supposed to get back.”
Beth stopped and turned back to Randy. He was acting strangely. He and Amy both looked suddenly very uncomfortable. “He’s not home then?” Beth asked, gauging Randy’s response.
“Home?” Randy asked, glancing at Amy again, “Well I’m not sure... he might not be home. He has plans.”
Amy moved to stand by Randy’s side snaking her arm around his waist and added, “Why don’t we head to Sadie’s now? I’ll put Charlie inside, and we can head out unless you’d like to change clothes first.”
Beth stared from one to the other then back again in silence, and then asked, “What’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Randy answered quickly in an innocent voice.
Beth concentrated on Amy and asked, “Is he working?”
Amy’s smile disappeared. She released Randy and took a step closer to Beth saying in a calm, quiet tone, “He asked us not to say anything to you. He wants to discuss it with you in person. It’s not a big deal, Beth really, everything is fine.”
Beth’s eyes narrowed, and she asked, “If everything is fine, then why are you both acting so guiltily?”
“We aren’t acting guiltily.” Randy began, and then stopped when Beth turned her angry glare in his direction. He added, “Beth, sometimes a man has something he wants to deal with in private.” He stopped and frowned, then added, “Josh has a personal problem he has to deal with.”
Beth couldn’t believe what Randy was saying. Her jaw went slack and her temples began to throb. “He’s with someone else isn’t he?”
“No,” Randy stammered. “That’s not it at all.”
Beth glared at him, then turned to Amy and said, “I can’t believe you’re standing there allowing him to lie to me. You’re like a sister to me.”
“Beth,” Amy reached out to touch her arm, adding, “Calm down, it’s not what you think.”
“Then exactly what is it? What is such a big secret that it’s causing the two of you to exchange secret glances and lie to me? Why are you acting so guilty? Am I such a monster, you can’t tell me the truth? Am I so unreasonable, a simple explanation is beyond my understanding?” Beth spun, climbed into the SUV and slammed the door.
“Don’t go!” Amy rushed to the door. “Please! Let us explain!”
“You’ve said enough!” Beth snapped at her through the glass window and shoved the truck in reverse, sending gravel flying as she turned around and roared down the driveway.
Beth felt strangely vindicated from the knowledge that Josh was not the perfect man his pseudo persona portrayed him to be. She gripped the steering wheel so tightly her nails dug into her palms. Josh was in the arms of another woman. How dare he? How dare he act so devoted, so protective, so caring when all along he was looking for a new woman? We had an agreement.
Tears welled up in her eyes but she shoved them away. How could she be so naive to have fallen for such a fake? She knew better. All men were fakes. Most men would not stay faithful. A vision of her as a teenager, walking out of the local movie theater to find her father in the arms of another woman flashed through her mind. Even her father was unfaithful. A sob escaped her throat. She took a deep breath and began to cry.
She couldn’t understand why this hurt so much. It felt like Josh had ripped out her heart and crushed it beneath the heal of his boot. Her stomach lurched with every breath. She considered pulling over to throw up. How did she manage to lose focus? Why hadn’t she maintained an attitude of discovery? Getting to know Josh was supposed to be foremost in her mind. She was supposed to discover the real Josh deep down inside. There was no doubt in her mind that he had secrets not yet revealed. So why did the idea of losing a man who was supposed to be a casual love interest hurt so much?
She turned onto the main road. Was she fake, as well? Worse, was she one of those females that depended on a man as her reason for living? For her own self-esteem. Had she lost her identity trying to conform to Josh’s way of life? Had she molded herself into oblivion? Was that why she was having trouble writing her next book?
She released the gas pedal, and glanced around at the inside of the SUV. Did she buy this to fit Josh’s life? She’d done exactly what she told her readers not to do. She’d jumped in headfirst and let her emotions rule the relationship. She was supposed to move slow and get to know him before falling in love.
Beth glanced back at the road; she’d reached the turn off to Josh’s home. The SUV was slowing to a halt. She glanced out the windows at the shadows of the mountains that surrounded her. Her mind went to her Uncle Wendell. His kind, scruffy face appeared before her. The idea of his constant warm smile and soft reasoning voice calmed her. He was the only man she’d ever known who never showed her his temper. He was always in a good mood, always quick to laugh. She recalled so many times when her father was screaming at her for spilling her juice, or coming home with dirt on her clothes. She remembered the nights she cried herself to sleep, wishing Uncle Wendell was her daddy. Her summers in the mountains were the best times of her life.
She took a deep breath and turned the corner. No, she wasn’t here for Josh. She was here because this was home. Josh was a pleasant diversion while she waited for the house to be completed. He was something to pass the time. He was a summer fling, nothing more. Even so, he should have had the decency to break it off before moving on. He was wrong, and he was going to get an earful about it.
The evening sun floated deeper into the cloudless dark sapphire sky that slowly revealed a layer of shimmering stars spreading across the horizon. Beth slowly pulled up to Josh’s large, two-story log cabin home. It had a four-car garage and a wraparound porch filled with tables and benches as if to welcome her. Beth was surprised to see the house lit up like a Christmas tree. Every light was on. She climbed slowly out of the truck and headed to the door, determined not to lose her temper.
As Beth climbed the porch steps, she heard voices and laughter coming from inside. Josh clearly wasn’t alone. She knocked on the door and shifted uneasily from one foot to the other. Josh opened the door. As soon as their eyes met, he stepped outside, closing the door behind him.
“Beth,” He said softly, “I thought you were staying in New York for a couple more days?”
“I can tell.” Beth glared at him. “We agreed, if you want to see other people, all you have to do is tell me. Don’t sneak around behind my back.”
“What are you talking about?” Josh asked confused.
“We agreed if we needed to move on we would break it off before taking another lover.” Beth began.
Josh shook his head no and reached for her, “Beth, I have no idea what you’re talking about, but now is not the time. I’ll call you in the morning. We can meet for lunch.”
Beth pushed his hand away and glanced past him at the door, asking, “Is that all you’re going to say? You’re not going to have the decency to discuss it with me now? You don’t respect me enough to tell me to my face.”
“Beth, I don’t have time to explain at the moment. You aren’t making any sense,” Josh said, “Please go home. I’ll call you tomorrow, and we’ll talk.”
Josh turned around and went back inside, closing the door behind him. Beth stood staring at the door in silence. She glanced down at the ground suddenly feeling very stupid. She was acting like a child. If he had moved on, then there was nothing to discuss.
She turned and climbed back in her truck, wiping the tears away that streamed down her face.

Chapter Five

Amy snatched the papers from Beth’s hands and headed for the front door. Meeting Beth’s gaze, she asked, “Are you sure you don’t want to take these to him yourself? You haven’t been to the house since before your tour.” Beth answered her with a silent stare. Amy sighed and spun, heading for the front door. She called over her shoulder as she disappeared into the bright morning air, “You’ll have to speak to him eventually. He’s been calling you every day for two weeks. He’s not going to give up.”
Beth called after her, “Stop at the store, get some salad and dressing, please. I’ll have lunch ready when you get back.” She opened the refrigerator and pulled out some chicken breasts to marinate.
Outside, Amy turned the Mini around and headed down the driveway. She picked up her phone and called Randy. “Hi, babe, she’s alone. Wind him up, and set him loose.”


Randy grinned at the sound of Amy’s voice. He walked out his office door and climbed into his truck as she spoke. He chuckled and said, “You make it seem like we are on a secret mission.”
“Oh, but we are,” Amy’s voice replied through the phone as he started his truck.
Randy added, “Roger that, and wish me luck. If Josh even suspects what we're up to I may not survive the encounter.”
Amy laughed and said, “See you in a few minutes.”
Randy headed up the mountain to the construction site. When he arrived, the sight of the house stunned him. It had three peaked abutments that towered over the front porch giving it a Victorian look, yet with a rustic flare. The large two-story house was covered with windows. The lot where it sat looked untouched. The full-size trees and the natural underbrush came right up to the side of the house as if the house sprang from beneath the surface as naturally as the trees.
Several pickup trucks were sitting on the small area of open dirt that was to become the front yard. Randy pulled up behind Josh’s truck and parked. He turned to gaze through the trees to the right of the house. A few hundred yards through the woods he could see the frame of a barn under construction. Randy walked up to the open door and went inside to look for Josh.
He found him in the kitchen area with several men gathered around a table. Josh glanced up when Randy walked in and waved him over. The workers scattered as Josh shook Randy’s hand.
Josh said, “What brings you all the way up here?”
Randy grinned and said, “I wanted to see how the house was coming along. It’s gorgeous.”
Josh nodded and said, “Let me show you around. There's a huge deck on the back overlooking the valley.” Josh began as they headed out the back door. “We installed an oversized fire pit on the deck area. It faces toward the length of the deck. We installed a large gas barbecue grill on the far end as well. It allows Beth a lot of space for a couple of bistro sets or couches and tables.”
They toured the interior of the house, which was still drywall. They finished Randy’s tour and headed out the front door as Josh explained, “The appliances should be arriving soon and the bamboo flooring. The HVAC’s been installed, so we should be completed in a few weeks.”
Randy stopped a few feet from his truck and turned to face Josh. He asked, “Have you talked to Beth lately?”
Josh frowned and gazed past him toward the trees. He said, “She won’t take my calls. I don’t understand what’s going on.”
Randy took a deep breath and began, “I think I understand why she’s avoiding you.”
Josh turned to face Randy’s gaze asking, “What is it? She was so upset the night she came to my house. She wasn’t making any sense. Did you tell her about my kids? Is that it? She’s freaked out because of Molly and Jake?”
“No,” Randy met his eyes with a stern gaze and continued. “I could be completely wrong about this, but I thought you should know, just in case it’s true.” Randy swallowed hard. He didn’t like lying to Josh, but this was for his own good. He and Beth were perfect for each other. Josh needed a good woman in his life after what Joanne did to him. Randy blamed himself for allowing the situation to get so far out of control. “Amy told me that Beth has been sick. She’s been throwing up a lot, especially in the mornings.”
“What?” Josh asked as he stared at Randy in confusion. “Throwing up in the morning?”
Suddenly Josh’s face went pale, and he took a step back from Randy. Amy pulled up the driveway, parked, and stared at them for a moment before opening the door and climbing out. Josh’s blank stare moved from Randy to Amy as she walked slowly up to them with the paperwork from Beth in her hand.
“Beth is pregnant?” Josh stammered at Amy before she could say a word.
Amy’s eyes opened wide. She looked at Randy and said, “You told him?”
With that, Josh was gone. He climbed into his truck, drove over a small section of the brush, avoiding Randy’s truck, then roared down the driveway. When his truck disappeared around the bend, Amy and Randy slapped their hands together in a ceremonial hi-five.
***
Beth opened the back door, allowing Charlie access to the backyard. She opened the old charcoal grill and used her tongs to pull the chicken breasts off the grill and onto the plate in her hand. Charlie dashed around the backyard barking like crazy at the trees. Beth called her name and waited at the door while Charlie ran past her into the house.
Beth placed the plate of chicken on the table and went to the fridge to get a pitcher of lemonade and a pasta salad she’d made earlier. Amy would be back any moment. She’d give her another five minutes, then call to see where she was. Suddenly Charlie rushed to the bay window next to the table and began barking furiously. Beth placed the pitcher and bowl of pasta salad on the table, then glanced out the window to see why Charlie was barking.
She gasped at the sight of a large brown bear charging across the grass toward the house. It was clear by the bear’s momentum it was not going to stop. Beth screamed, “Charlie! Come here!” She glanced at the shotgun sitting on top of the kitchen cabinets. She looked back at the bear. It was only a few yards from the house. There was no time! She screamed Charlie’s name again and ran for the front door. 
A huge crash sounded behind her. She glanced back as the bear crashed through the windows into the house. She opened the door and ran outside. The large tree that grew next to the house was her only hope. She ran to it and began to climb.
She could hear Charlie barking at the bear. A roar came from inside and Charlie began to yelp. Beth screamed her name in panic, “Charlie! No! No! Not my Charlie!”
Suddenly Charlie darted out of the house and ran across the lawn disappearing into the trees. Tears streamed down Beth’s face. A sob escaped her lips. She watched Charlie disappear into the forest. She screamed after her, “Run! Charlie! Run!”
The bear came slowly out the door. It glanced after Charlie but did not follow. Instead, it moved to the tree where Beth was and began to climb. Beth scrambled up the tree and onto the roof of the house. She glanced desperately around for an escape route. There was nowhere to go! If the bear reached the roof, she was dead!
Beth ran to the edge of the roof. If she jumped, would the bear follow? Suddenly, the roar of a truck engine came through the trees. Her heart jumped as Josh’s truck rushed up the driveway. She jumped and waved her hands screaming for help.
Beth glanced back to find the bear scrambling up the tree toward the roof. She turned back to Josh and pointed wildly toward the bear.
The truck’s engines roared as it leaped forward up the drive. Josh jumped from the truck. He pulled a large hand gun out from behind his back. He ran toward the house, screaming at the bear. “Hey! Here! Come down here! Come and get me!” Josh moved closer to the house. Beth could no longer see him.
She turned to look at the bear. It’d stopped climbing and was gazing down at Josh. Then it began to slide back down the tree. She heard two shots, and the bear disappeared from view. Beth stood frozen with horror waiting for a sound; any sound to tell her Josh was alive.
Suddenly Josh’s head popped over the edge of the roof.
“Beth?” He called as he scrambled up the tree. “Are you all right?”
“Josh!” Beth called to him, rushing back to the tree.
Josh sprang from the tree to the roof to reach her. He pulled her into his arms. Beth clung to him, trembling. He pulled back from her, looking over her. Then, he kissed her hard. 
He released her and whispered, “You scared me half to death. I don’t know what I’d do if you were suddenly gone.”
“I’m not hurt.” She smiled through her tears then gasped, “Charlie! We have to find her. She fought with the bear, and then ran off into the woods.”
Josh took hold of Beth’s shoulders and said, “Don’t worry, we’ll find her. Just try to stay calm. You don’t want to upset yourself any further.”
Beth stared at him in confusion. Then turned toward the tree saying, “I’m fine, let’s go.”
“No!” Josh grabbed her hand and pulled her back from the edge of the roof. “I’ll go get the ladder out of the garage, and you can use that to get down.”
Beth frowned at him and said, “Josh, I’ve been climbing trees since I was six years old. I think I can navigate this one just fine. Besides, Charlie could be hurt; there’s no time to wait.”
She walked to the edge and reached out to grab the tree. Josh came up beside her and said, “Let me go first so I can help guide you down.”
Beth rolled her eyes and stepped back allowing him access to the tree. When they reached the ground, Josh scanned the yard and said, “Which way did she go?”
Beth pointed to the right of the stables, and they rushed in that direction. When they reached the trees, Josh stepped in front of a blood smear on the leaves of a large bush. He stood in front of the tree and allowed Beth to pass. 
He rushed past her quickly taking the lead explaining, “Remember, there are wolves in the park just a few hundred yards from here. Stay close to me and don’t go running wild if you hear Charlie. We need to be careful. If she’s bleeding, the scent could easily draw any nearby predator.
It wasn’t long before Beth noticed blood on the grass. “Charlie,” she gasped ignoring everything Josh had said and rushing to follow the blood trail. Josh chased after her. 
They found Charlie a short distance away. She was lying under a bush covered in blood. Beth fell on her knees beside Charlie, sobbing. Josh knelt next to her and examined Charlie.
“She’s alive,” Josh said and quickly scooped Charlie up and rushed back toward the house. Beth followed closely behind. She sprinted across the lawn when they cleared the trees. When she reached the SUV, she opened the hatch then ran into the house. She grabbed her purse, car keys, a towel from the bathroom, and pulled a blanket out of the closet, then rushed back outside. By the time she returned Josh had Charlie in the back of the truck and was heading for the driver’s door.
“I’ll drive,” He ordered reaching out for the keys.
Beth tossed him the keys, and then climbed in the back with Charlie. She pressed the towel against the blood still oozing from Charlie’s neck and chest. Her beautiful golden coat lay open revealing a gaping wound of blood mixed with muscle and veins. Beth pulled the blanket around Charlie as best she could. 
She leaned close and whispered in Charlie’s ear. “I love you, Charlie. Hang on.”
Josh pulled his cell phone from his back pocket and called Randy.
“Randy,” Josh began, “Don’t talk, just listen. A bear attacked Charlie, and we’re headed to the vet. I don’t have the number on my phone so can you call and let them know we’re coming?”
Beth brushed the tears from her eyes and called to Josh, “Tell Randy the bear crashed through the bay window into the house. Ask him to find Amy and make sure she knows what’s happened.”
Josh glanced in the rearview mirror at Beth then said, “Randy, the bear apparently came into the house through the back bay window. I’ll get a couple of my men out here to board it up for you. We’ll need the bear’s carcass removed; it’s by the front door.” He paused, “Yes, I shot it. Is Amy still with you? Yes, we’ll meet you there.” Josh glanced back at Beth and asked, “How’s Charlie?”
Beth met his gaze in the mirror and said, “She’s still breathing. I’ve applied pressure to the wound, but she’s not moving at all.”
Josh turned onto the main road and sped toward the veterinarian’s office that sat on the edge of town. He glanced in the mirror and called back to Beth, “You’ve had a big shock. You should try to calm yourself, control your breathing. You don’t want to throw your body into shock.” 
Beth answered, “I’m fine, and I saw the bear coming. Charlie was barking at the window as I set the table. When I looked up, I saw the bear charging across the lawn. I couldn’t get to the gun...” Beth’s voice broke.
Josh said, “You did the right thing. Even if you managed to reach the gun, it probably wouldn’t have stopped the bear. Running was the best thing to do, but your SUV would have been safer than a tree. There’s nothing else you could have done.”
When they reached the veterinarian, Randy and Amy were waiting for them. They rushed to the back of the truck as Josh pulled up. Randy opened the hatch, and Beth climbed out. Randy scooped up Charlie and followed Josh to the front door. Amy began to cry at the sight of Charlie’s blood-soaked fur. Beth hugged her, and they rushed inside after Randy. The Vet was waiting for them. He had Randy take Charlie straight into the small Operating Room at the back of the building.
The receptionist stepped in front of Josh and the girls and said, “I’m sorry, but you should wait out here. Dr. Morse will speak to you as soon as he’s decided what course of action can be taken.”
She motioned toward the seats that lined the windows. Randy returned as they moved to the seats. Amy went to the reception desk to deal with the paperwork as Josh and Beth sat down. Beth leaned against Josh and buried her head on his shoulder. He held her as she cried, whispering, “I’m so glad it’s not you being rushed into surgery. Charlie saved your life.”
Amy and Randy returned and sat beside them as the doctor appeared. He walked quickly to them and said, “Charlie is badly hurt. The good news is the bear hardly clipped her; it’s a single wound, but it’s deep. She’s lucky to be alive. Most dogs don’t survive a bear attack. However, she’s lost a lot of blood and needs surgery. She’s young, so the chances are good she’ll survive, but there’s no guarantee. She has internal damage. I’ve slowed the bleeding, but we have to act fast. I need your decision now. If you don’t want the surgery, we should put her down quickly; she’s in a lot of pain.”
“Do the surgery,” Beth said quickly rising. “I’ll sign any forms you need, just save her.”
Josh rose with Beth and asked, “Will she recover fully if the surgery is successful?”
The doctor turned to the receptionist and motioned her near. Then turned back to answer Josh, “If she survives the surgery, she should make a full recovery. The question at this moment is whether we’ve caught it in time. I’ll do everything I can. If you are going to wait, you should get comfortable; this will take a couple of hours.”
“Thank you,” Beth said, and he turned and walked away.
Josh disappeared into the back and returned a few minutes later with four bottles of water. Beth was pacing in front of the windows wringing her hands as she walked. Josh handed Amy and Randy a bottle of water, then went to stand in front of Beth, blocking her way. She stopped and stared blankly at him. He took her hand and led her to a seat. They sat down, and he opened the bottled water and handed it to her.
“You need to stay hydrated.” He said quietly, and then asked, “When is the last time you ate?”
Beth glanced at Amy then said, “I was grilling chicken for lunch on the back porch. I just finished setting the table when it happened.”
Josh asked, “If Randy and I run to Sadie’s and get some burgers will you eat?”
Beth leaned back in her chair and sighed, “I don’t think I can. My stomach is too upset.”
Amy and Randy froze in their seats across from them, watching. Amy jumped up and quickly came to sit beside Beth. She said, “I think food is a good idea. We are going to be here for several hours, and none of us has had lunch. You should try a salad; Sadie makes a wicked Cobb Salad.”
Randy rose and joined in saying, “They also have a great chicken salad sandwich. Come on Josh. Let’s run and grab some food. We’ll be back before you know it.”
Amy chimed in, “We’ll be fine. I’ll call you if anything happens.”
Randy grabbed Josh’s arm and pulled him toward the door.
***
When they returned Beth ate the salad, and then they sat back to wait. Amy and Randy exchanged glances, determined to keep the conversation away from the fake pregnancy as long as possible. Luckily, the Vet appeared a few minutes later and announced that Charlie had survived the surgery.
“You should all go home and get some sleep. Charlie will be here overnight. Assuming she does okay, you should be able to take her home tomorrow. My assistant will stay with her tonight. I’m going to keep Charlie sedated. I can call you in the morning with a progress report. If you’d like to see her briefly, I can take you back.”
Beth and Amy followed him to the recovery area. Charlie lay sedated on a padded table. IV fluid dripped slowly through a narrow tube from the plastic bag that hung next to Charlie’s head into a bandaged area around her neck. Amy broke down as she reached out to touch Charlie’s head. She stroked her ear and said, “Good girl Charlie, you saved mama.” Then turned and hugged Beth.
Beth turned to the Vet and said, “Thank you for saving her. She’s the sweetest dog I’ve ever known. She was determined to protect our home from the bear.”
The Vet smiled and said, “She was very lucky.”
Beth reached out and stroked Charlie’s back, forcing the tears back. Amy released her and headed back to the waiting room. Beth leaned down, kissed Charlie’s nose, and whispered, “I love you, Charlie.”
***
The two couples chose a booth on the far side of Sadie’s dance floor. Josh ordered a pitcher of beer and a glass of iced tea for Beth. They sat in silence waiting for their drinks. 
Josh put his arm around Beth and pulled her near as the drinks arrived. Randy poured the beers as the girls sampled their wine. As if on cue, the jukebox rang out with a slow, mournful tune.
Beth leaned against Josh, then pulled back saying, “Don’t think I’ve forgotten what happened.”
She slipped from his grasp. He didn’t try to stop her.
Josh said softly, “Beth, there is no other woman in my life.”
Randy took that moment to ask Amy, “Would you like to dance?”
Beth waited until they reached the dance floor then answered, “Josh, what other reason would you have for denying me entry to your house that night? I could hear laughter and a woman’s voice as I walked up to the door.”
Josh sighed and held her gaze, “That was my ex-wife. She was dropping off my children.”
Beth frowned; she should have known. So it began, the fall of the pseudo persona and it only took a few months. “Your children live with your ex-wife?” She began as she slipped into her research mode.
Josh flashed an irritated look and said, “No, they live with me full time, but visit their mother out of state for most of the summer. I get them back for the 4th of July, and they return home in time for school. Aren’t you going to ask me about them? How many I have? Are they boys or girls? How old they are? Do you even care?”
Beth was startled. There was a depth of purpose in his eyes, sincerity. He wasn’t offering any excuses for the divorce or trying to reason away the birth of the children as an accident, or a byproduct of the marriage. He wasn’t trying to assure her the kids wouldn’t get in the way of their relationship. He wasn’t embarrassed that he was divorced with children. Of course, he was proud of his children. He wanted to share them with her. Her expression softened as all thoughts of the pseudo persona left her mind.
She said, “I’m sorry. I do want to know about your children. It’s just such a shock. Why didn’t you tell me about this before?”
Josh reached out and took her hand. He said, “I’ve learned you don’t drop the kid bomb on the first date and frankly, I haven’t been sure where this relationship was going. Then after the speech you gave on TV, I was sure you considered this a casual fling. I don’t introduce my kids to anyone I date. I don’t think it’s a good idea for them to form an attachment to someone who might only be in their lives for a few months. Now with the baby coming I just don’t know what to think.”
Beth’s head was reeling. She stammered, “Your ex-wife is pregnant?”
“What?” Josh said staring at her in confusion. “No! You are pregnant.”
“I’m pregnant?” Beth gasped, and then she began to laugh.
Josh glanced over at Randy, then back to Beth. She took a deep breath and smiled at him. “I’m not pregnant.”
Josh smiled in relief. He shot Randy an angry glare and turned back to Beth, “Can we start over? This whole thing’s gotten out of control.”
Beth squeezed Josh’s hand and said, “Hello, I’m Beth. I’m an author. I’m also divorced, I have no children, and I’m not pregnant.”
Josh laughed and kissed her, then answered, “I’m Josh. I own a construction company. I’m divorced, and I have two great kids, a boy named Jake who’s twelve, and a daughter named Molly, who just turned six. I am also not pregnant.”
Randy and Amy returned and sat down across from them as Josh added, “I might be spending the night in jail once I drag the local Sheriff out back and beat the crap out of him.”
Randy glanced up from his beer and looked from Beth to Josh and back, then pointed at Amy and said, “It was her idea.”
Josh shook his head and smiled, adding, “Well, then, it’s up to Beth.” He turned to her and asked, “You want to take Amy out back or should I?”
Beth laughed and narrowed her eyes at Amy. It was a nasty trick and they are going to have to make it up to us, but you have to admit, it worked.” Beth rose her wine glass in a toast saying, “To Charlie’s bravery and quick recovery.”
The others followed suit and raised their glasses answering in harmony, “To Charlie,”
***
They drove back to the cabin, arriving just as Josh’s men came down the drive back toward the road. They waved and pulled off the narrow driveway. Instead of waiting for them to pass, the driver got out of the car and headed toward them. Josh climbed out of the truck. 
Beth glanced up at the crystal blue sky that was beginning to cloud over. The treetops gently swayed in a slow dance to the winds whispering wail. Josh spoke to his men briefly, then returned to the truck.
Beth asked, “Is everything okay?”
“Yeah,” Josh offered quietly, “They boarded up the window and tossed the bear carcass in the back of the truck. Mike said to warn you that the place is pretty torn up.”
Randy and Amy were following behind them in his police truck. Josh pulled up in front of the house and helped Beth down out of the truck.
Beth stood gazing down at the dark stain on the grass where the bear died. She glanced up the tree, following the branches to the roofline. Her heart pounded in her ears. Only then did she realize how close she and Charlie both came to death. Josh came to stand beside her; she turned to look at him.
Her eyes were moist with tears; she whispered, “If you hadn’t come when you did, and that bear had reached the roof...”
“Don’t think about it.” He pulled her against him, wrapping his arms around her.
Beth whispered, her voice was deep and husky, “You saved my life.” She slid her arms around his neck and leaned against him as their lips met. Beth forgot about her rules and theories and allowed her emotions to surge upward. Her kiss was deep and passionate. Josh pulled her hard against him responding to her passion. Beth’s heart raced as his hands slowly ran down the length of her back to push her harder against him.
“Having sex in public is discouraged in these here parts.” Randy’s amused voice came from behind them. 
Josh released Beth and slid his arm around her waist. He shot a frown at Randy then turned back to her and asked, “Are you ready to go inside? My men boarded up the window, so it’s safe.”
Beth glanced at Amy who smiled weakly and nodded her encouragement then said, “Let’s go take a look.”
Josh opened the front door and went in first, followed by Beth and the others. They stood at the entrance, taking in the chaos. The bay window stood boarded over with particleboard, blocking all view of the backyard. The dining table was a pile of wood. Several items were scattered throughout the room along with the remnants of their lunch and the table setting. 
The sofa lay on its side; the coffee table lay in pieces before it. A musty animal smell hovered about the room mixed with the scent of the particleboard. Beth moved closer to the dining area and slipped on the wood floor. She glanced down and gasped in horror. She’d stepped in a pool of blood.
“Oh, Charlie!” She moaned and turned to the others, “This is where the bear caught her! My poor Charlie, she must have been so scared!”
Amy pulled her back from the pool of blood saying, “The important thing is that Charlie got away from the bear, and she’s going to be fine.”
Amy pulled Beth back into the kitchen. Beth asked, “Why? Why did the bear do that? I’ve never heard of a bear breaking into a home before.”
Josh glanced at Randy then back to Beth and said, “Baby, it was hungry. It probably caught the scent of the chicken you were grilling and then saw Charlie. Bears are predators. You’re right on the edge of the preserve. The good news is you saw it coming.”
“Thanks to Charlie,” Beth answered.
Randy added, “Beth, it’s incredible that Charlie got away and a miracle you both survived; you are extremely lucky.”
“Because of Josh,” Beth gazed at Josh in admiration.
He smiled and said, “I guess that makes me your knight in shining armor. Perhaps that should be your next book, The Knights Among Us.”
They laughed as Beth embraced him. Amy and Randy sat the sofa upright and began to clean up the mess. Beth grabbed some garbage bags from the kitchen as Josh and Randy gathered up the pieces of the broken table and carried them to Josh’s truck. The sun disappeared behind the mountains, and the sky took on a sapphire hue by the time they deposited the last of the debris in the back of Josh’s truck.
Beth watched as Josh checked the bay window to make sure it was secure. He turned to Beth and said; “We’ve done all we can for tonight.”
Randy added, “Amy and I are heading to my house tonight, unless you need us for anything else.”
Amy walked over to Beth as she finished washing her hands in the kitchen sink and said, “Are you going to be okay, here tonight?”
Josh answered for her, “She’s coming home with me.”
Beth turned to look at Josh. Then turned to Amy and said, “I’m good. I’m going to see Charlie in the morning. Do you want to come with me?”
“Sure, I’ll pick you up at 9 o’clock,” Amy answered.
Beth gave her a fierce hug and added, “After we make sure Charlie is okay, let’s head into town and trade that Mini in for a small SUV for you.”
Randy came up to them and said, “That’s a great idea. If you don’t mind, I’d love to go with you.” He turned to Josh and added, “What do you say, Josh, let’s make a day of it? We can head up to Bear Lake and have a picnic after we get the new car. We could stay the night and take the boat out in the morning?”
Amy giggled at Beth and Randy’s suggestions, then gasped and turned to Josh, asking, “You’ve got a boat?”
Josh winked at Amy, then walked up to Beth and said, “Did I mention that I own a speed boat and have a cabin on the lake?”
Beth laughed and hugged his neck adding, “Did I mention that my publicist wants me to write porn?”
That elicited a huge snorting guffaw from Randy that caused several minutes of uncontrolled laughter, and then they headed outside. 

Josh grabbed Randy by the arm and pulled him aside.
Josh spoke quickly in hushed tones, “I need to speak to you. Follow my lead, and I’ll explain later.”
Randy waited as Josh called out to Beth, “Beth, Randy and I want to check out the rear of the house. Why don’t you and Amy take my truck and we’ll meet you at my house; the door’s unlocked.” Josh pulled his keys from his pocket and escorted Beth to his truck.
Randy glanced at Amy and shrugged, “Go with it.” He whispered, “I’m not sure what’s going on.”
Amy smiled and turned to head to Josh’s truck. Randy quickly followed and, walking her to the passenger door, he gave her a quick kiss and winked, saying, “Keep her busy, we’ll be along shortly.”
Amy flashed him a brilliant smile. Josh and Randy stood and watched as Beth turned the large pickup around and headed back down the driveway. When they disappeared around the bend, Randy turned with an expectant stare to Josh.
Josh met his gaze and said, “My foreman, Mike, found a dead fox under the back deck. He said there’s a blood trail across the yard.”
Randy frowned and said, “So the bear was tracking the fox. It must have gone nuts over the blood scent, Charlie’s scent and the cooked chicken.”
“There’s more,” Josh added his was tone dark and menacing. “Mike said it looked like the fox was killed with a bow and there was a blood smear across the foot of the bay window.”
Randy went to his truck and pulled out a large flashlight. He said, “Let’s go take a look. We’ll have to come back tomorrow to follow the blood trail. I’ll meet you here while the girls are at the vet; let’s keep this quiet in the meantime. They’re both on edge as it is.”

Chapter Six

Beth peered through the window of the small, red SUV. The white interior was a stunning accent to the crimson exterior; it screamed Amy. The salesman appeared with the keys and happily climbed into the back seat as Amy sat down in the driver’s seat. Beth sat in the passenger’s seat and handed the salesman her business card with the back facing up.
He glanced at it and then smiled back at her and winked. Beth turned quickly around to face forward and said, “It’s a shame Randy had to go search for a rabid dog, but I’m glad Josh went with him.”
Amy started the car and pulled out of the dealership saying, “We’ll swing by his office when we finish here. They’ll be done by 2 o'clock. That leaves us plenty of time to get settled at the lake before dinner.”
The test drive didn’t take long. Beth could tell that Amy’s mind was made up before she'd even turned the key. They signed the paperwork, and while Amy waited for the Finance Officer to run her credit report, Beth wrote a check for the balance.

***
Josh scanned the trees as Randy pointed in the direction of the blood trail. There were several large trees in the distance offering sufficient cover and enough height for a bow hunter. Josh turned back to face Randy who knelt down to examine the spot where the fox had died.
Josh said, “If he used a compound bow, then he could have been in those trees over there. It’s quite a distance, but a compound bow would have made it, easy.”
Randy nodded and rose, “The fox bled out here.” He pointed down at the dark stain in the dirt.
Josh came over and surveyed the area. “Looks like he didn’t gut it here, but judging by the lengthy blood stain, I’d say he sliced its throat and dragged it off toward the cabin. There’s no doubt he intended to attract a predator and lead it to the cabin.”
Randy frowned and glanced up at the sky. “I don’t like the sound of this. It’s possible Beth has a stalker.”
“What are you talking about?” Josh asked, staring at him.
Randy said, “I talked to Amy last night, and she mentioned that Beth’s iPad went missing from the house a few weeks ago. That makes two break-ins in the last two months. The first was minor when her iPad was stolen. The second was the destructive invasion that resulted in a jewelry theft. Stalkers have a tendency to escalate with each new encounter. I’m sure it’s the same person.”
Josh knew better than to question Randy when he’d come to a conclusion. Randy didn’t speculate. He never spoke until he was sure.
“Tell me,” Josh asked quietly, not sure he wanted to hear.
Randy turned to head deeper into the woods. Josh walked at his side, listening as he explained. “I found footprints in the dirt outside the front window the night of the break-in. I found the same size tracks near the bay window last night, and this morning, near the kill zone for the fox. They appear to be hunting boots. Big shoes, size thirteen, broad too. This is a big man, six foot three to six foot five. They lead off into the woods. This is someone who knows his way around the mountains at night.”
Josh asked, “Why Beth? What could she have done to deserve this? If it’s a fan, how did he find her?”
Randy explained, “Stalkers are sociopaths. They’re very resourceful and devious. A couple of minor comments during a public appearance or on a Facebook post can lead a sociopath right to you. There’s a service road back up behind this property. It leads to the preserve’s Injured Bird House. I want to check for tire tracks. The ranger’s station confirmed there are no animals in the Bird House right now, so that road shouldn’t show any use.”

***
Beth parked next to Amy at the Sheriff’s office. Randy and Josh pulled up in the Sheriff’s truck as they got out of their cars. The sun sparkled in the clear blue afternoon sky reflecting off Amy’s shiny new SUV. Randy and Josh climbed out of the truck and went directly to Amy’s car. 
Amy opened the doors and popped the hood giving them full access. Gleefully, Amy listed all the extras and demonstrated the built in NAV system. Afterward, both men gave her their approval.
Randy unlocked the office door after he gave Amy a quick kiss. He said, “Congratulations on the car Amy, it’s a beauty.”
“I haven’t told you the best part yet,” Amy announced as they walked inside out of the summer heat. “The truck is a bonus for my cover work on the If Life Were a Garden series!”
Beth came up beside her and said, “She deserves it. Not only have I found a killer editor in Amy, but her flare for artistic book covers is unmatched. They are fantastic. Three large distributors have nominated us for the Non-Fiction cover of the year. I’m so lucky to have Amy as a partner.”
Amy giggled and hugged Beth then said, “That’s what I love about you, Beth. You treat me like an equal, not an employee, and it means the world to me.”
Beth hugged her back and said, “When this weekend is over we need to sit down and start working on promoting your artwork. This nomination is just the beginning for you.”
Randy stepped behind his desk and said, “Why don’t you contact the Salt Lake City Art Museum about setting up a display during the annual art festival? They’re really great about helping out local artists.”
“That sounds awesome!” Amy jumped at the thought.
“Then that’s what we’ll do.” Beth smiled.
Randy added, “We loaded my truck with enough supplies for a few days. We were hoping you'd both be willing to extend the weekend.”
Josh wrapped his arms around Beth and added, “We checked the cabin, and everything’s fine. So, if Charlie is doing well there’s no reason to head back tomorrow.”
Beth kissed him quickly and said, “She’s awake and responding. The Vet said we could bring her home today if we can keep her quiet.”
Josh glanced at Randy and asked, “Why don’t we take her up to the lake with us? It’s quiet and calm. She could rest just as well there as at home, maybe better given the circumstances. We need to run by my house and pick up Kilo. I can grab the huge dog bed that he refuses to use for Charlie. We can follow Randy and Amy up so Charlie can lie down in the back.”

The trip to the lake took less than an hour. When they pulled up to Josh’s cabin, Beth noticed the similarity to the house Josh was building for her. The lake house had three dormered peaks just like Beth’s, but the exterior was slate and stained cedar. An oversized three-car garage stood on the left side of the house. Tall bushes stood on either side of the doorway with a variety of flowering plants decorating the base of the trees and lining the sidewalk to the house.
Josh seemed to notice the surprised look on her face and said, “It appears you and I have similar tastes. We reviewed over ten possible floor plans. The one you chose was just slightly different from this. My cabin has six bedrooms and a walkout basement that leads to a large patio with an in ground pool.”
Beth opened the truck door to climb out saying, “Why would you need a pool when the house is twenty yards from a huge lake?”
Josh grinned and walked around to the back of the truck. “Actually, it was easier to teach the kids to swim in the pool. Molly has a thing about fish nibbling on her toes.”
Beth met him at the back of the truck and stood back as he opened the hatch. Kilo jumped quickly out. Charlie lifted her head up and gazed at Beth. Her tail twitched slightly. Beth reached out and patted her head as Josh leaned in and scooped Charlie up in his arms. He sat Charlie gently on her feet on the gravel driveway and stepped back so Beth could kneel beside her. Kilo came up and licked Beth’s face. Charlie gingerly turned to face her. The fur was gone around Charlie’s neck and chest. A large scar ran down the right side of her throat down to her breastplate.
Josh lightly smacked his thigh and Kilo moved quickly to his side. Randy and Amy appeared behind him. Josh said, “Let’s get Charlie inside. Randy and I can unload the truck while you ladies take a look around.”
The view from the deck was breathtaking. Waves of crystal blue water moved slowly across the lake. This was speckled with the sails of small boats and lines of white water that flowed in the wake of fast moving brightly colored boats. The orange and pink hues of the sunset flowed across the horizon as the boats below began to scatter and disappear into the approaching darkness. 
Beth and Amy went back into the large kitchen. The dark brown speckled granite countertop ran the length of the kitchen. A large island breakfast bar sat in the center of the room. Beth recognized the luxury Viking Appliances and designer cabinets. Josh clearly chose the very best for this lake house.
She gazed past the kitchen into the living room. The vaulted ceilings held dark beams running across the room toward the fireplace. The rustic design and decorations were perfect for a lake house setting. Beth smiled at Charlie who was relaxing on Kilo’s pillow in the living area by a large fireplace. Randy and Josh immediately brought in the supplies, and Amy opened a bottle of wine and filled four glasses.
Josh led them out onto the deck. The sky began to blend from pink shades into blue and purple hues. They sat on a wicker bistro set overlooking the pool and the lake beyond. Kilo dashed down the steps and ran down the path that led to the shoreline. Randy quickly rose and began to pace. Josh knew it was time to tell the girls what they had found.
Josh leaned forward, set his wine glass on the small bistro table, and said, “Ladies we need to talk about the two break-ins at the cabin.
“Two break-ins?” Beth said, frowning at Josh.
“Yes,” Josh met her gaze and added, “Randy believes the first break in was when your iPad was stolen. He thinks both thefts are related to the bear attack.”
Beth leaned up to sit on the edge of her seat and glanced at Amy, then said, “That makes no sense.”
Randy moved back to his seat and sat down. He explained, “Beth, I think you may be the victim of a stalker. I need you to think about anything that’s happened recently out of the ordinary. Something that you may have thought was odd, but you dismissed it immediately.”
Beth’s questioning gaze moved from Josh to Randy. She said, “I don’t understand. What sort of things are you talking about?”
Randy nodded and said, “Phone calls where no one was there, a misplaced item that never turned up, an unusual car you keep passing on the way to the store? Someone you may know casually that you keep running into on a regular basis. Strange posts on your Twitter account, Charlie barking in the middle of the night for no apparent reason?”
Beth sat back in her chair and asked, “You want to blame this on a stalker? What happened to the bored teenager prank idea?”
Josh rose and kneeled beside her, “We found a blood trail leading to the bay window. Someone stuffed a fresh fox carcass under the deck. We think they killed the fox in the woods and dragged it to your cabin. They smeared blood across the foot of the bay window. Someone lured the bear to the cabin. When my men examined the bear they discovered it was injured. It was too weak to hunt. It was starving and desperate. The scent of blood, the chicken on the grill, and Charlie running in the yard was the perfect combination to work that bear into a frenzy.”
Beth stared at him, stunned at his words. Amy rose and went to Randy, who rose to meet her. She asked, “Who is it?”
Randy reached out and pulled her close saying, “Honey, I don’t know yet. But I promise you I will figure it out quickly.”
Beth rose and headed into the house, saying, “I haven’t noticed anything unusual. I think you are chasing shadows. I’m going to check on Charlie.”

Randy sat down, pulling Amy onto his lap. She snuggled against him and said, “This makes no sense. Beth hardly ever leaves the house, she’s always writing.
“If someone is stalking her...” She sat up suddenly adding, “If this person stalked Beth in New York or St Louis, they’d be out of their element here. It’s almost impossible to stalk someone here. There aren’t any skyscrapers out here to peer out from or crowds to hide behind.”
He nodded, “I made some calls this morning. We’re looking into it.”
Amy glanced at the house, then met Randy’s gaze, asking, “Are they trying to kill her?”
Randy looked at her. Her big blue eyes were moist with tears. He brushed away a tear from her cheek. She was beautiful. Her golden hair looked like spun silk. Randy sighed and said softly, “It looks like they were after Charlie.”
Amy burst into tears and sobbed, “Charlie is the sweetest, non-threatening dog I’ve ever known. Why would anyone try to kill her?”
Randy wrapped his arms around her as she buried her head in his chest. He whispered, “A dog is a huge barrier to a stalker. Charlie’s mere presence probably kept the stalker at a distance for quite a while. Charlie was an obstacle that kept him from coming into the house while you and Beth were home. If the stalker hasn’t made contact with Beth yet, then she hasn’t jilted him yet, so the chances are he doesn’t want to kill her. I don’t think he meant for the bear to crash through the window. Josh had his man, Mike drop the carcass off at the Vet for an examination. The vet confirmed the bear injured its leg in some sort of trap. It’s a safe bet it was starving. That made it desperate.”
Amy snuggled closer and said, “What are we going to do?”
Randy smiled and cupped her chin in his hand, tilting her face toward his. “Josh and I discussed it, and we think you should avoid the cabin for a while. I thought perhaps you could stay with me for a few days, unless, that is, you’d like to stay longer.”
Amy’s eyes opened, looking surprised. She smiled up at him and asked, “Are you asking me to move in with you?”
“Yes ma’am, I am. I just can’t get enough of you, Amy.” Randy’s smile broadened, disappearing as their lips met.
***
Josh followed Beth to Charlie’s side. Beth sat cross-legged on the floor next to Charlie and stroked her head. Charlie lifted her head and wagged her tail. Josh went to the kitchen and searched through the box he'd brought in from the truck. He pulled out a bag of dog treats and brought one to Charlie. Charlie rose to her feet and chewed on the crunchy treat as Josh knelt at her side.
He said, “Randy will figure all this out. He’s good at his job.”
Beth leaned down and kissed Charlie’s nose. Charlie lay back on the pillow, and Beth scratched her belly. She looked up at Josh and said, “I don’t have a stalker. I’m an author, not a movie star. I’ve never had a stalker. Randy is wrong.”
Josh rose and stared down at her for a minute. She could feel his gaze on the back of her head like a hot sun blazing down on her. Beth rose and faced him with a defiant look on her face.
Josh held her gaze and said, “Just how do you think the fox got under your deck? Do you think Charlie shot it with an arrow and then stuffed in under there? On the other hand, maybe Amy accidentally shot the fox one day while practicing with a bow. Only she doesn’t own a bow, and has probably never shot one in her life. Or maybe it’s some renegade campers who got bored, made their own bow and arrow, shot the fox, and stuffed it under your deck as a practical joke on someone they didn’t know?”
Beth glared at him. Her eyes narrowed, and she spoke with venom in her voice, “I have no idea how that fox got under the deck. Perhaps it crawled across the yard after it was shot and tried to hide there. I have no idea, but I’m telling you right now I do not have a stalker. I’m a psychologist; I know all the signs of a stalker. I know all the behaviors of a stalker, and I understand the risks. No one is stalking me, and I’m not going to discuss this any further.”
Josh said, “You are so stubborn and sure of yourself that you’re willing to risk your personal safety. I get it. You’re a big girl, and it’s your decision. Let me ask you this; are you so confident no one is following you that you’re willing to risk Charlie’s life or worse yet, Amy’s life? The stalker wasn’t trying to hurt you; that bear wasn’t meant for you. You were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time. That bear was intended for Charlie.”
All the anger disappeared from Beth’s face. She stepped backward reeling from Josh’s words. She stammered, “No, it was an accident.”
Josh took a step closer and reached out to steady her. He lowered his voice and said calmly, “It wasn’t. I’m sorry, Beth. But it wasn’t.”
She glanced down at Charlie. Her head rested on her front paws as she stared back up at Beth. Josh closed the gap between them and gently took Beth in his arms. He said, “You can’t ignore this; it’s not going to go away. We have to deal with it. This guy’s gone beyond surfing the net and following you around. He invaded your home at least twice. He set a very dangerous trap for Charlie that could have killed you or Amy in the process. He’s beyond rational thought, so we have to find him and stop him.”
Beth leaned against him in surrender. “What should we do?”
Josh kissed her forehead and said, “Come stay with me for a couple of weeks. That alone might discourage him enough to pull back.”
***
Randy called to Josh as he opened the kitchen door for Amy and Kilo to enter the house. “Josh, I don’t think a couple of weeks with a new boyfriend is going to discourage this guy.” He added, “Let’s not pretend this is going away overnight.”
Josh flashed Randy an irritated look and added, “I agree, but we’ve upset the girls enough for one day. Let’s open a fresh bottle of wine for the ladies, and I’ll grab some beers from the fridge in the basement.”
Kilo lay down beside Charlie. Josh disappeared through a door in the kitchen. Randy headed to the box on the counter and pulled out a bottle of wine. He popped the cork and filled Amy and Beth’s glasses with the golden liquid. Josh reappeared with a six-pack of beer. He opened two of the bottles and handed one to Randy.
Josh sat down next to Beth on the L-shaped sofa. Randy and Amy sat at the far end. Josh put his arm around Beth’s shoulders and said, “Why don’t we turn in early tonight and get up with the sunrise. I know a great fishing spot on the far end of the lake. We can relax and see what’s biting for a couple of hours. If we pack a lunch, we can pull into a cove then do some waterskiing.”
Randy smiled and added, “Great idea, I brought some steaks we can grill. I’ll throw some corn on the cob and baked potatoes on the grill for dinner. You girls can just relax and let us cook. Then we can take a sunset cruise on the lake later.”

When Josh took Beth upstairs to the Master Bedroom, her head was swimming from a bit too much wine and a very long emotional day. Kilo trotted to the end of the hall and settled down for the night. Josh opened the bedroom door to reveal a room twinkling with candles. A King-size, four-poster bed, stood in front of a wall of French Doors that lead out onto a balcony. Beth smiled and dismissed the details of her day as she fell into his arms.
Josh kissed her with savage passion. Josh pulled Beth’s shirt over her head and removed his own. As their naked flesh touched, Beth felt the heat of his body sink into hers. Josh undid her capris and slid them down over her hips. Beth stepped back and slid her panties down to land on the floor next to Josh’s jeans.
Josh slid one arm around her waist as the other cupped her breast. Beth gasped as his kiss moved to her neck and began to trail down to her breasts. His hands explored her soft curves as their entwined bodies fell onto the bed. The rest of the world faded from Beth’s thoughts as they surrendered to their desires.
***
Randy sat up abruptly as the lights went out. They had fallen asleep on the couch, and a storm had apparently moved in across the lake. Randy gave Amy a quick kiss and said, “The power’s out, it must be the storm. I’ll take a look outside and lock up the house.”
Amy rose and draped a thin blanket over Charlie’s sleeping body. Randy closed the back windows and moved to lock the back door. Amy headed to the kitchen with the empty wine glasses, set them on the counter, and began to search the drawers for candles or a lighter. 

Randy turned the deadbolt as he glanced out the window. The night was chaotic with the wind surging through the tall trees that lined the shore, whipping them back and forth viciously, causing leaves and debris to skip across the growing waves of the lake. As the moon slipped out from behind a large cloud, Randy paused to gaze at its rippling reflection on the dark sparkling water of the lake. The rain spread across the lake like a thin mist, giving it a mystical look.
He stepped back to close the door when a slight movement caught his eye. He froze and waited. A tall shadowy figure appeared from behind the trees and darted across the open grass on the far side of the pool. Randy shot a look at Amy and said, “Someone’s out there! Lock the door behind me!”

Amy’s heart raced as she rushed to the door and slipped the deadbolt into place. She glanced back at the stairs opening her mouth to call Josh but nothing came out. She turned to look through the window in search of Randy. The rain began coming down in sheets, and the wind slammed it into the window so hard Amy could no longer see the deck. She turned toward the fireplace; surely, there were matches there. 
That was when she noticed the front door was standing slightly ajar. Amy didn’t hesitate. She ran across the room and shoved the door closed. Slowly she turned back to scan the house. Did the wind just blow that open? Her heart jumped into her throat. She glanced around in the darkness then rushed back to the kitchen and pulled out a large carving knife from the drawer next to the stove.
***
Josh rose and opened the French doors that led to the small balcony. Beth climbed out of bed and blew out the candles, then went to stand beside him. They stood in the darkness, gazing out over the turbulent water of the lake as the storm moved closer. Tiny lights twinkled in the distance from the homes and docks on the other side of the lake.
Beth slipped her arm around Josh’s naked body and said, “Can I see photos of your children.”
Josh gazed down at her and smiled. He reached out and touched her cheek with the tips of his fingers. He said, “I’ve got some photos in my wallet. I can show you in the morning.”
She kissed him softly and asked, “What happened with their mother? Why did you separate?”
Josh wrapped his arms around her and gazed out across the water. He spoke softly as if talking to the cool night air, “Joanne was wild. She, Randy and I grew up together, went to the same school since kindergarten. She was always the first one to try anything new and risky, even as a child. She was the first to jump off Bogart Bridge. Danger and risk excited her, and we followed in her wake. She was exciting; being with her was a rush. As a young man, I found that intoxicating. However, one-day things went too far, and Randy got hurt. We were running across the rim of the dam, and Randy slipped. He fell onto the spillway. The rolling water at the base of the spillway pulled him under. It seemed like it took forever to find him under the water, but I did. He was blue; his skin was cold and clammy. It shook me to my core. Luckily, Mary, Randy’s girlfriend at the time, wanted to be a nurse, so she knew CPR and revived him as I ran for help. After that, Randy and Mary kept their distance. Things just weren’t the same between us all.
“The night I decided to break up with Joanne she told me she was pregnant. I made a mistake in thinking she would settle down and concentrate on the baby. So, I married her. She struggled for years to be a good mom, but it just wasn’t her. One day I came home from work, and she was gone. She’d dropped Jake off with Randy and disappeared. No note, no explanation, nothing. He was three years old.”
He turned and gazed down at Beth adding, “I was scared to death to be left alone with Jake, but Randy and Mary were there for me every minute of every day. Mary was an RN by then, working at a local hospital and Randy was a deputy. Between the two of them, I was hardly ever alone the first few months. Eventually, I got into a rhythm with Jake. Then, about a year after she disappeared, Joanne showed up at my door one night with Molly in her arms. Thank God, Jake was asleep. She handed Molly to me and said, ‘She’s yours,’ nothing more. I was so surprised and shook up, to be honest. I took Molly and watched Joanne walk away. Then I closed the door and called Randy.” Josh laughed and said, “He and Mary were on my doorstep in less than an hour with diapers, formula, bottles, and a bunch of pink baby clothes. I don’t know what I would have done without them.”
The wind grew stronger as the rain began to spread across the lake. Beth smiled and took Josh’s hand to lead him back to the bed as she asked, “What happened to Joanne?”
Josh lay down on the bed and took Beth in his arms. He said, “She grew up a bit over the next couple of years and began to drop by to see the kids. Finally, she asked to have them overnight. Now she takes them for 6 weeks in the summer and half of Christmas and Spring break. The rest of the time they're with me.”
“And Mary?”
Josh sighed and said, “Mary was diagnosed with Leukemia. They did everything they could to fight it. Randy took her to the best doctors. She had a bone marrow transplant they were sure would end it, but it didn’t work. She was gone in less than a year. It took a toll on all of us. She was like a mother to my kids. She was Randy’s whole life. Mary was beautiful, kind and selfless. The kids and I lost both of them the day she died. Randy went into seclusion, and then threw himself into his work. I kept close tabs on him and kept dropping in when I could. I think it was hard for him to see the kids. They reminded him of the life he felt he was never going to have. Finally, he came out of it, and things got back to almost normal. He hasn’t dated much in the last few years. So it’s great to see how attached he’s become to Amy.”
Beth snuggled up against him and ran her fingers through the thick brown hair on his chest. She said, “Amy adores him. She’s had a hard life, but you’d never know it by her attitude.”
“What about you?” Josh asked, “You’ve never talked about your life or friends. I really don’t know anything about your past.”
Beth nuzzled his neck and said, “My life is pretty boring. I grew up in a small Missouri town. I did the usual little girl things: dance lessons, piano lessons, played softball, and sang in the school choir. My parents were older and a bit judgmental. I had to be perfect at everything I did, or they were greatly disappointed. They had high expectations and little patience. My parents were both attorneys, so they were always working. I got involved in every activity our small town offered, except in the summer. I looked forward to the 2 weeks every summer on my Uncle's farm. He was nearly ten years younger than my dad and more laid back. He and Aunt Mae accepted me as I was and never lectured me. He taught me how to milk a cow, gather eggs, ride a horse and how to fish. We went camping and hiking. Uncle Wendell and Aunt Mae never had any kids, so they devoted all their time to me while I was there. They were big into their church and, as a result, we were always helping neighbors and dropping off food, clothing, and even school supplies to families in the area. Aunt Mae taught me about Jesus and how to forgive. I loved it there. My parents thought my aunt and uncle were wasting their lives struggling to keep their little farm going, but it was my favorite place in the world. I used to pretend they were my parents.” Beth laughed, “One day I told my third-grade teacher the reason I didn’t get my homework done the night before was because I was secretly communicating with my real parents Wendell and Mae that night. My parents were furious when the teacher called them. I was grounded for a month.”
Josh grinned, “I’m surprised we didn’t run into each other at some point.”
Beth added, “I was a very shy child, and I stayed on the farm the entire time. We did go to the Fourth of July fireworks, but I was too shy to go play with the other children. Then when I reached High School, my parents wouldn’t let me come any more. I had a part-time job, and they wouldn’t let me leave it. They said that was irresponsible. My Aunt died of a heart attack a few years later. Uncle Wendell was devastated. His health went downhill after that. He kept the farm up, but his heart just wasn’t in it anymore. I couldn’t stand to see him so unhappy. Then the fire…” her voice cracked with the words.
Josh kissed her forehead and asked, “He left the farm to you?”
“Yes,” She whispered, “But my father was the executor of his Will and sold off all the livestock before my Uncle was even in the ground. He said it was the best thing for the animals. I was away at college when my dad decided to demolish what was left of the house and barn. I was devastated. There’s nothing left up there now except an old abandoned stable.”
Josh leaned back listening to the sound of the rain as it began to pound against the roof and asked, “So why now? Why move here after all these years? What changed?”
“I changed,” Beth answered. “I finally realized I'll never be able to please my parents. No matter how successful I am, it won’t be good enough. More importantly, I realized I don’t have to please them. I only have to please me. If I am satisfied with my life, then it doesn’t matter if they approve. I wish things were different, but I am glad I chose to come here. It certainly has been an adventure, and I’m not even in the house yet.”
Josh laughed and rolled over on top of her. He whispered softly and nipped at her ear with his teeth, “I’m glad you came here too.”
A piercing scream broke the darkness. Kilo’s sharp bark of warning followed instantly. Josh bolted from the bed. He threw on his pants, and tore open the bedroom door. Josh tossed his shirt to Beth. They raced down the stairs and reached the landing as the front door exploded in a mass of wood splinters, and Randy crashed through the door. Josh and Beth spun to follow Randy as he raced past them into the kitchen.
Amy lay sprawled out on the floor in front of the stove. The back door was standing wide open. Amy sat up as Randy reached her. She was still clutching the knife in her hand. Josh ran through the back door and out onto the deck. He glanced quickly around but saw nothing.

Amy stammered as Randy pulled her to her feet, “There was a man! I turned around, and saw him running out the back door! Kilo went after him!”
“Are you all right?” Randy gasped out of breath. He was dripping wet. He stared at Amy; her face was as pale as a ghost.
“I’m fine!” Amy hugged him fiercely and added, “I was so startled; I jumped back and ended up on the floor. Thank goodness for Kilo.” Amy gasped and spun toward the living room.
They all followed her stare to Charlie’s bed. It was empty. Without a word, Beth darted through the back door and ran across the deck toward the stairs. Josh was on her heels.
“Charlie!” Beth screamed her name into the darkness.
Josh came to her side and took hold of her elbow. “Charlie’s too weak to go far. We’ll find her. Kilo’s probably with her right now.”
Barking came from deeper into the woods at the side of the house. Beth and Josh ran down the narrow path that led to a walking trail. The rain and winds blasted them with the full fury of the storm. The wind howled through the trees mocking the black, starless sky above. The combined movement of the trees and loss of the moonlight slowed their pace to a fast walk. 
Josh took the lead taking hold of Beth’s hand and pulling her along behind him. Suddenly the barking shifted to their left. Kilo bounded out of the brush before them, quickly followed by Charlie. Both dogs were soaking wet; Charlie was seemingly unaffected by the sudden dash into the woods.
Beth and Josh knelt to check Charlie’s sutures; thankfully, they were intact. Josh greeted Kilo with a rough scratch and rose to stare into the woods. “Good boy,” Josh said softly then turned to Beth and added, “Let’s get them back to the house.”
They met Randy half way back down the path. He nodded at them and said, “The house is clear. Did you see anything?”
Josh said, “I caught a glimpse of some headlights. It could be the house next door. We should check it out.”
Randy turned and glanced back toward the house. “We will, but not until morning. Whoever it is has gone. Kilo saw to that. Let’s get back to the house.”
Josh motioned to the house and ordered Kilo, “Go!” Kilo took off running down the trail back to the house. Charlie followed, much to Beth’s surprise.
Josh smiled at her and said, “I think we underestimated your sweet little golden.”

Chapter Seven

The morning light shone brightly through the wall of windows overlooking the deck. The only sign of the previous night’s storm was a scattering of green leaves across the deck and pool. Beth poured Amy a cup of coffee. Amy yawned and sat down on a stool at the kitchen counter. They were both dressed in t-shirts and shorts. Beth had showered and pulled her long hair back into a ponytail. Amy was still sleepy-eyed with disheveled hair and no make-up. She sighed, and she brushed a strand of hair away from her face and took a sip of her coffee.
“Where are the guys?” Amy asked, glancing around to see Kilo asleep by the back door and Charlie eating breakfast from a large bowl beside him.
Beth handed Amy a bagel and said, “They went next door to talk to the neighbors.”
At that moment Josh and Randy came in through the back door. Amy and Beth turned expectantly to them. Josh looked from one to the other then turned to Randy, who said, “The house next door is vacant. Looks like a foreclosure.”
Josh added, “We’re pretty sure our visitor parked in that driveway, but it doesn’t look like they broke into the house. I can’t figure out how this guy knew about this house, and that we were here.”
Beth walked over to Josh, placed her hands on his chest, and said, “I don’t see how these things are related. Isn’t it possible that someone mistook this house for the vacant house next door? Wouldn’t that explain why they ran off so quickly?” 
Josh’s expression turned hard and cold. He said, “I guess that’s possible.”
Randy moved closer to them and calmly offered, “Did either of you tell anyone you were coming out here?” He glanced at Amy as he finished.
Beth shook her head and glanced back at Amy. Amy shrugged and said, “I have a blog...”
Randy walked quickly to her as she jumped off the stool, her eyes wide in alarm. She stammered, “I’m so sorry! I posted on the blog about the lake house! I had no idea…”
Randy hugged her and answered in a soothing voice, “It’s not your fault. There’s no way you could have known.”
Amy sobbed into Randy’s shirt, and Beth came over and placed her hand on Amy’s back. She said soothingly, “Amy, this is a good thing. Maybe Randy can figure out who this is from your blog and have him arrested. This is going to stop, I promise. “
Amy turned and reached out to pull Beth to her. Randy wrapped his arms around both of them and added, “Beth is right. We will find out who this is. There are footprints in the soil just outside the front window. The overhanging eaves protected them from the storm. They look to be about a size 12 or 13, much larger than Josh's and mine.”
Amy gasped and added, “Yes! He had on some kind of camouflage outfit. He was tall. I’d say 6’5” maybe 6’6”. His clothes were tight. He had broad shoulders and muscular arms, like an athlete.”
Randy released them and said, “Now that you’ve had some sleep, I need to get a full description in the system and take a look at your blog.” He glanced at Josh who still stood by the door and said, “I don’t think he’ll be back.”
Josh nodded; his expression was hard, his eyes cold. He turned and left through the back door.
Beth took that moment to confront Randy. She walked to the fridge, pulled a pitcher of orange juice out, and grabbed a glass from the cabinet. She sat the glass on the island as Randy and Amy sat down and asked Randy, “Is there any way our stalker could be one of Josh’s men? From Amy’s description, it sounds like a construction worker could definitely fit the bill.”
Randy gulped down a glass of juice then answered, “I know most of Josh’s men. They’re all locals and typical construction workers. They like to have a beer or two after work and party hard on their days off. Most of them have families, which doesn’t fit the profile. Stalkers are loners. I’ll check them all out just to be sure, but I’m not leaning in that direction.”
Beth flashed him a questioning gaze and said, “You have a direction?”
Randy frowned at her remark and answered, “Beth, I may be a small town sheriff, but that doesn’t mean I don’t know my job. Yes, I have a direction, and your friends and fans are first on my list. I’d like to get the names of all the contacts from your cell phone.”
Beth glanced at the back door and said softly, “My cell phone is dead. I forgot to bring my charger, and I don’t have any friends.” Without another word, she turned and followed Josh out onto the deck.

Josh stood at the railing looking out through the trees toward the lake. Beth stood beside him and waited patiently for him to speak. She slid her hand into his and leaned against him. Josh wrapped his arm around her waist.
***
Josh’s jaw clenched despite the release of tension he felt when she touched him. He glanced down at her full breasts that the thin t-shirt did little to conceal. Even dressed in shorts and sneakers Beth’s lithe body made Josh’s heart race. He turned and pulled her against him.
He kissed her hard with much more passion than he expected. He could feel her body responding in kind. Beth pulled back and gazed into his eyes confused.
“I want to kill him,” Josh whispered his voice deep and threatening. “I’ve never felt such a strong urge before. He broke into my home. He almost killed you and Charlie, and he still keeps coming.”
Beth touched his cheek. Her eyes grew moist with tears. “I need this to stop Josh. I’m a very private person. I do speaking engagements and a short book signing tour when a new book comes out. Other than that, I really don’t associate with my fans. Amy even handles my social media. I’m just not a people person. I don’t do any publicity stunts to attract attention so why is this person doing all this? Am I going to have to stop all my public appearances and turn into a hermit?”
Josh kissed her again, this time it was gentle yet just as passionate. He released her reluctantly and said, “We can’t let him win. You have to keep living your life. Don’t let this defeat you.” He glanced up as Amy and Randy walked out onto the deck and headed toward them. Josh added, “This guy is going to make a mistake, and when he does we’ll be there. In the meantime, you ladies will be staying with us. I’ll get my men get to work on the house. It should be ready in about two weeks. You can stay with me until then. I don’t want you to stay in the cabin until it’s secure.”
Beth reached out, touched Randy’s hand, and said, “I’m sorry I overreacted. You are just doing your job, and my ego is getting in the way. I’ll get you all the names and contacts for everyone as soon as we get back, I promise.”
Randy smiled and said, “I understand, this has been an emotional experience for us all.”
Amy flashed a big smile. She said, “Randy and I have been talking, and we’ve decided. I’m moving in with him permanently.”

***					
On the trip back home, they concentrated on Amy and Randy’s decision to move in together. They made a quick stop at the cabin for the girls to pick up their belongings. Beth packed quickly then checked her messages. She sighed as she listened to the messages, which drew Josh quickly to her side.
“What is it?” he asked calmly through a clenched jaw.
“It’s Franklin,” She answered with annoyance. “I forgot he’s coming into town tomorrow.”
Beth noted the sour expression on Josh’s face and laughed. She said, “Don’t worry; I’ll meet him at the hotel.”
Amy and Randy came down the stairs with suitcases in each hand and headed to the truck. Josh grabbed Beth’s overnight bag and said, “Are you sure this is all you need?”
Beth smiled and said, “I’m pretty low maintenance compared to Amy. She has a moisturizer for every day of the week, three kinds of shampoo, four types of conditioner, an entire dresser full of makeup, and it’s a safe bet that at least one of those suitcases is dedicated entirely to shoes.”
Josh flashed a dazzling smile and said, “Have I told you lately how awesome you are?”
Beth laughed and followed him out the door. She stood staring at the small stables at the rear of the clearing while Josh and Randy brought out the last of Amy’s bags. She turned to Josh as he closed the rear hatch and asked, “When will the stables be ready?”
Josh gave her a puzzled look and said, “It’s ready now.”
“Good, I want to buy some horses,” Beth announced with a huge smile.
“Exactly what do you know about caring for horses?” Josh asked as he opened the truck door for her. Amy and Randy climbed into the back seats as Beth took the passenger seat.
She said, “I fed my Uncles horses, and I know how to brush them down, and I’m a good rider.”
Josh nodded and closed her door. When he sat down beside her, he continued his questions, “Okay then, we need to talk about a few things. Where will their water supply be? Will you keep them in the pasture or stable them? And do you know the difference?”
Beth frowned at him then glanced out the front windshield as Josh turned the truck around and headed back toward the main road. She would not be defeated.
“Maybe I don’t know much about caring for horses, but I can learn.” She announced with determination.
Josh chuckled and added, “If you’ll let me, I’d be happy to teach you.” 
***
The next morning Beth walked into the hotel restaurant to find Franklin waiting at their usual table. He rose and flashed a weak smile. This time he didn’t kiss her cheek when she arrived. Beth assumed it was due to their last parting. She left him rather abruptly after his ridiculous idea of writing erotic romances.
She smiled brightly and said, “Franklin, it’s good to see you. How have you been?”
Franklin smiled and said, “Great! I’ve been busy promoting your next release. It seems your fans are eager to discover your views on blended families.”
Beth laughed and sat down as the waiter brought her a large glass of orange juice and filled her coffee cup.
“By the way,” Franklin said with a suddenly serious expression, “I received a phone call this morning from Sheriff Connor. He says you have a stalker?”
“Yes.” Beth sighed and added cream and sugar to her coffee. “It’s been a terrible ordeal. You remember the break-in? Well that was only the beginning. He caused Charlie to get hurt, and followed us to Josh’s lake house this past weekend.”
Franklin frowned and motioned for the waiter. “The Sheriff asked me if I’d gotten any threatening correspondence for you lately, and I have to admit that my team has received several rather odd postings on your blog.”
“My blog?” Beth stared at him in confusion.
“Darling, every writer has a blog.” Franklin said with a knowing smile, “You’ve just forgotten because my people manage it for you, along with your Facebook page, Pinterest, and Twitter account.”
“Oh I thought Amy did that,” Beth smiled. 
“No, Amy handles your email.” Franklin chuckled. “You really need to update yourself on social media outlets.”
Beth laughed, “You’re right, I hate those things. I never know what to say.”
“Which I find extremely hilarious, given your chosen profession,” Franklin smiled. The waiter arrived and took his order. Beth ordered a fruit plate and pulled out her iPad.
She opened the iPad and asked, “Did you receive the description I sent you last night?”
“Yes,” Franklin nodded and added, “I also received the cover mock-up from Amy. Very nice. I was hoping to meet with her today or tomorrow to discuss it further.”
Beth beamed with excitement, and took advantage of the moment she’d been waiting for, “That’s perfect because I want to discuss moving forward with Amy’s art career. I was hoping you could take her on as a client and connect her to some art shows. I have no idea how that works. I do think now is the time to move forward with her career, given her recent nominations for her cover art.”
Franklin’s face filled with a brilliant smile. He said, “You’re thinking like a business woman, Beth. That’s an excellent idea, and at your recommendation, I’d be delighted to take Amy under my wing and help her find a good publicist.”
“Thank you!” Beth reached out and took his hand, “You’re a good friend.”
Franklin smiled and added, “You do realize if she goes independent, she’ll have her hands full with her own career. She may not have any time left to work for you.”
Beth smiled knowingly and said, “Amy has become such a good friend. I would love to see her spread her wings and fly. I can find another editor and cover artist. But I don’t think I will find another friend as precious as she.”
Franklin nodded, “Then let’s wrap up your next few months of publicity, so my plate is clean to start work on Amy.”
***
Josh sat across the desk from Randy in the Sheriff’s office as Randy accessed Beth’s Facebook Page and searched for any suspect entries. He glanced briefly at Josh and said, “Beth’s Agent, Franklin Mallory, is a no-nonsense kind of guy. When I told him about the stalker, he responded quickly, giving me Beth’s ID’s and passwords to all the sites his company controls for her. He said he recalled one of his workers sending him an email concerning a few semi-threatening entries on her blog, but he said that’s pretty common, so he thought nothing of it.”
“Franklin’s an idiot,” Josh growled. He couldn’t take the prim and proper Franklin seriously on any issue other than fancy clothing.
Randy suppressed a chuckle and said, “Then it’s a good thing I’m checking her sites personally, although I can’t spend all day surfing the internet. Wayne Grody called to report that he’s lost a calf to that wolf pack. I’m going to have to get up to the reserve and drive them off again. You interested in giving me a hand?”
Josh leaned back in his chair and relaxed for the first time in days. “Deer season is coming up. We need to get those wolves as deep into the mountains as we can, or the deer will be so scattered the season will be a bust.”
Randy raised his eyebrows and added, “We don’t want any hunters running across a wolf pack at 4 o’clock in the morning while setting up for a deer hunt. That would be a very dangerous situation indeed.”
Josh nodded, “That’s the problem with wolves. You don’t see them coming until it’s too late. All right, let’s do it this Saturday. Jake and Molly will be back in town Sunday night.”
“Then it’s settled,” Randy announced. “We’ll make it a day trip, and the girls can hang out at my house. I seriously doubt a stalker would try a break in of a Sheriff’s house. Anyway, I’m teaching Amy how to shoot a handgun. I bought her a Cobra 380. It’s a tiny gun. She bought pink handles for it, but it will do the job if necessary. It might not be a bad idea to teach Beth the ins and outs of that shotgun.”
Josh laughed and said, “I’m afraid to have her shoot it. It will knock her on her ass, and she’ll never pick it up again.”
***
Beth pulled her SUV up the drive at Gene Weller’s farm. It was easy to spot. The farm sat right up against the road. The drive led into a large circular driveway that centered on the main house, barn, and a storage shed. She could see the stables a short distance away from the main road. Mr. Weller waved at her from the pasture as she climbed out of her SUV. 
He led a chestnut mare over to the fence and waited for her. Beth stared at the gorgeous mare. It was dark brown with a white mark on its forehead. Behind it stood a gray speckled mare with a light gray mane, equally beautiful.
When she reached the long white vinyl fence, Beth smiled and said, “Thank you so much, Mr. Weller, for meeting with me.”
“It's my pleasure, Miss Beth,” he said, returning her smile. “This here is Maisie; she’s a two-year-old mare with a sweet disposition. Her sister, Flo, is behind me, and she’s a bit feistier, so I thought we’d start with Maisie. My son John owns these two beauties, but he’s willing to part with them for the right price. He’s here this week stocking the cabin for hunting season.”
“They are both beautiful!” Beth said, reaching out to touch Maize’s nose. “I want to learn everything about them and how to care for them before I take them home.”
Just then, Amy’s smaller SUV pulled into the driveway, and Beth added, “So does Amy.”
***
For the next few days, while Josh and Randy dug into Beth’s past acquaintances and fans, she and Amy spent all their time at Mr. Weller’s farm.
Thursday afternoon Josh and Randy invited the girls to lunch at Sadie’s, then took them to view Beth’s house. The house was exactly as Beth envisioned it. The towering peaks and Victorian flare was striking. The wrap around porch was the perfect touch. 
After a tour inside they went out onto the large deck behind the house and sat on the custom built-in bench to take in the view of the pond and the pasture that ran along behind it.
Beth’s thoughts filled with her childhood adventures spent on this land. The camping trips and hikes with her Aunt and Uncle each summer. She whispered softly to Josh, her voice throaty with emotion, “My uncle would love this place. He would take me on camping trips to this spot. Each morning we’d saddle up the horses, and we’d ride deep into the woods along a series of old dirt trails. A little brook runs through the property where we would fish and catch tadpoles. The water was crystal clear and ice cold. The bottom of the brook was full of sand and smooth, colorful rocks; it was perfect.”
Josh wrapped his arm around her shoulders and said, “We should go there. I’m sure we could find it. Jake and Molly love to go camping.”
“I’d like that,” Beth said, leaning against him.
“Speaking of Jake and Molly, they are coming home on Sunday,” Josh announced.
Beth smiled brightly and said, “That’s incredible! I’d love to meet them.”
Josh smiled, pleased at her response. Amy and Randy went back inside to look at the house again. Josh decided to delve further. He turned to face Beth and said, “We spoke a few weeks ago about our expectations. You never really answered my question.”
Beth gazed into his eyes confused, “What question was that?”
Josh smiled softly and said, “I asked if you were ready for a serious, committed relationship.”
“Isn’t that what we’re in?” Beth answered holding his gaze.
“Perhaps I should make myself clearer.” Josh’s smile vanished. His eyes were so dark with emotion Beth couldn’t breathe. “Beth I’ve never met anyone like you. You are quiet and sullen one moment then so vibrant and alive the next. You are strong and decisive, but a soft touch when it comes to friends and family. What you did for Amy was incredible. What you’ve done for me is unbelievable. You’ve brought back hope and love into my life. I never thought I’d feel that again and I don’t want to lose it.” He knelt on one knee still holding her hands and whispered, “Beth Stewart, would you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”
Beth gasped; this was not what she expected. She stood staring down at him unable to speak. She hadn’t even considered marriage to Josh, or anyone for that matter. Marriage is so permanent, so final. She refused to take it lightly. Josh stared up at her in silence. His eyes turned such a deep blue Beth felt she was losing herself in them, wanting to say yes, but she was so frightened of betrayal. She suddenly heard her voice say, “Josh, this is so sudden and so unexpected.” Why was she saying that? She felt herself pull her hands from his as she continued, “We hardly know each other. We’ve only been together for a few months.”
Josh rose; his face lost all color. He said, “A few months of being together constantly; unlike other couples, who only see each other once or twice a week. I’d say these few months have been intense. Beth, I love you. I understand your hesitation about an engagement, but I need to know if you’re in this relationship for the long run. Beth, I can’t introduce you to my children if we are not going to try to make this thing work. I won’t do that to them.”
Beth touched his face saying, “Josh; I love being with you. I cherish our time together. I care deeply for you.”
“Deeply?” Josh took a step back and asked, “What the hell does deeply mean, Beth? Either you love me, or you don’t. It’s not something you have to think about, it’s something you feel. If you don’t love me now, then I seriously doubt you’ll suddenly fall in love me in six months or three years.”
“Josh, please. It’s not that simple.” Beth moved toward him, desperate to make him understand they had to give it time to get to know each other before they commit.
“Simple? No, love is not simple. Actually, it’s made quite a fool out of me lately. I’ve followed you around like a lost puppy. I’ve spent every spare moment trying to discover who the maniac is that’s been stalking you, and for what? For your deep affection?” Josh stopped to study her expression. He asked, “What is it, Beth? Are you scared? Are you afraid we’ll end up like your parents? I’m not like them. You could never be like them. They didn’t know how to show you how much they loved you. That’s not us, Beth. Why can’t you trust me? Why can’t you believe in us?”
“If you could only read my book,” Beth stammered.
“Your book?” Josh said with astonishment. “Beth I’ve read all of your books, especially the one about not rushing into marriage. But this is real life and we aren’t a couple of young kids who are still searching for their identity. Do you really need three years to realize you’re in love with me?” He stared at her for a moment, then turned and went inside the house.
***
The drive home was quiet. The air was filled with the tension between Beth and Josh. When Randy dropped them off at Josh’s house, Josh climbed out of the truck without a word and headed into the house. Beth said a quick goodnight and followed him inside.
She followed him to the bedroom and stood watching while he grabbed a pair of shorts and a t-shirt from his drawer. He turned and walked past her without as much as a glance. He called to her as he walked down the hallway, “I’m sleeping in Jakes room tonight. Your furniture is arriving in the morning. Maybe it’s a good idea to get packed for the move into the house.”
He shut Jake’s door behind him. Beth stood staring at the door, unable to move. What just happened? Why couldn’t he understand? They can’t possibly know each other. It takes three years for people to drop their guard and relax enough to reveal their true selves. Love has nothing to do with it. You could love someone desperately who is completely wrong for you and end up miserable for the rest of your life. She stared at the bedroom door in disbelief. She wanted to scream at it, to tell the door to open. She wanted to shout for Josh to come back so she could make him understand.
Instead, she turned and shut the bedroom door quietly. She walked slowly to the bed and fell onto the pillow sobbing.
***
Josh was gone when she woke up the next morning. Beth quietly packed her bag and loaded Charlie in the SUV. She called Amy on her way to her new house and asked her to meet her there.
The first furniture trucks arrived soon after Beth. Amy showed up a few minutes later. They kept busy instructing the movers and deliverymen where to place the furniture. Finally, the last of the deliveries arrived. Amy went to the fridge and pulled out a bottle of wine. Beth watched from her sullen stupor as she searched the stacks of boxes in the kitchen until she found one labeled crystal. Amy pulled out and unwrapping two wine glasses, she poured Beth glass of wine. “Come Beth,” Amy smiled and motioned toward the sofa. “Sit down and let’s relax over a glass of wine on your new sofa.”  
Amy sat down on the couch next to Beth, and said, “Spill it. What happened between you and Josh? I’ve never seen him so angry.”
“His kids are coming home on Sunday,” Beth said with a shrug.
“So…” Amy urged her to continue.
“He asked me to marry him, and I said no.” Beth's eyes filled with tears as she calmly stated the gist of the situation.
“Why did you say no? You’re crazy about him. I’ve never seen you like this before.” Amy jumped up and grabbed her purse off the kitchen island. She dug inside, pulled out a package of tissues and handed them to her.
“He’s so different from any man I’ve ever been with.” Beth sobbed into the tissues.
“That’s why he’s so perfect!” Amy said hugging her.
“But we don’t even know each other?” Beth stammered between sobs.
“What are you talking about?” Amy asked in surprise, “Beth, he knows you better than anyone, better than even I do. He can tell when you are upset or angry by the tone of your voice. He’s not intimidated by your bossy, know-it-all attitude. He’s a real man, like Randy. You can take them both at face value. They have no ulterior motives; they don’t need any. They are not complicated or intense. They don’t have high power positions or conquer the world jobs. They are down to earth, everyday Joes.”
Beth stared at Amy trying to comprehend her reasoning. Finally, she said, “What would my readers say if the author of the Three-year Pseudo Personality strategy ran off and married a man she just met?”
Amy smiled and gazed back at Beth. She said in a wistful tone, “They’d be thrilled that true love still exists.”
“I’d look like a fool.” Beth snapped.
“So you write a new book called Love Conquers All.” Amy giggled.
“That’s ridiculous!” Beth jumped up from the sofa and walked quickly to the kitchen. “You can’t possibly understand, Amy. You’re a sprite, an enigma. You can plunge headlong into a relationship, and it will last forever simply because you are unyieldingly happy all the time.”
Amy’s followed Beth to the kitchen and placed her wine glass on the counter next to the sink. Gazing down at the still full glass of golden liquid, Amy said, “I’m happy, because I choose not to surrender to negativity.” She turned to face Beth and added, “I choose to move beyond the things in my past that threaten to drag me into a deep depression. Beth, I choose to take chances with my heart. I choose to live everyday ruled by my emotions. I choose to love with all my heart because if life is not about love and friendship, then I don’t know why we exist at all.”
“It’s not that easy,” Beth said softly, looking out the large kitchen windows.
“Yes, it is, Beth. Yes, it is.” Amy whispered, “Can’t you, for just one moment put your intellect in your pocket and let your heart guide you. I promise you, no matter what happens you will be better for it.”

Chapter Eight

Beth had never felt more alone on her first night in the new house. She set the security alarm and brought Charlie upstairs, leaving all the lights in the house on. She lay in her new bedroom in her large canopied bed and tossed and turned all night. Finally, as the sun rose, she surrendered to a sleepless night and went downstairs to make some coffee.
She opened the refrigerator and stared at the large array of fresh fruits and vegetables. Why had she bought this much food? The refrigerator and freezer were completely full. What had she been thinking? Was she unconsciously planning to feed Josh and his kids? Was she unknowingly planning to hide out in this huge house, alone for days on end?
The doorbell rang, jerking her out of her stupor. She walked quickly to the door and looked through the peephole; it was Randy. She opened the door, and Kilo bounded in to greet Charlie. Randy tried to smile but couldn’t seem to manage it.
He motioned toward Kilo and explained, “Josh and I are going onto the reserve tomorrow to push the wolves back up into the mountains. He thought you might like to have Kilo here for a night or two.”
Beth nodded as disappointment surged through her. She wasn’t sure what she was expecting Randy to say. She shut the door behind him and said softly, “Would you like a cup of coffee? I just made a fresh pot.”
“Sure,” Randy answered and followed her to the kitchen and sat at the island. She took two coffee cups out of the cabinet and came to sit beside him.
Randy took a sip of the steaming black liquid and then placed the cup down on the countertop. He gazed at Beth and said, “Don’t give up on Josh, Beth. He’ll come around. He’s crazy about you. You just need to give him a little time.”
Beth smiled softly at Randy and said, “I don’t think Josh is the problem.”
Randy nodded and added, “Just don’t over think this. You and Josh have something special. He’s been alone for a long time, just him and his kids. He’s scared. Josh’s way of defeating fear is to jump into it head first. He’s always been that way. I think the kids coming home just set him off.”
“I understand Randy.” Beth gazed at him. Amy was right; he was a good man. He had a good heart. “I don’t think Josh is scared at all. I think he knows what he wants and usually gets his way.”
“What do you want?” Randy asked, meeting her eyes.
“Josh,” Beth answered honestly.
Randy smiled and said, “Give it the weekend. His head will clear once we're out in the woods, and seeing the kids again will calm him down. You’ll see, everything will be fine.”
Randy rose and gave her a quick hug adding, “Amy’s coming over tomorrow morning. She told me to tell you, Mr. Weller’s son, Tom, said you can have the horses tomorrow if you’re ready.”
Beth rose and smiled, “I am definitely ready. I’ll run to the Farmer’s Supply and get what I need this morning.”
“Oh,” Randy stopped at the door and turned back to her, “Did Amy tell you, Franklin is setting up an art show for her in Los Angeles?”
“No, she didn’t!” Beth gasped, “That’s incredible! I can’t wait to hear all about it!”
“Oh, and Josh’s foreman, Mike, has a horse trailer for sale,” Randy added, pulling a piece of paper from his wallet. “I told him you might be interested. He said to give him a call. It’s in good shape. Mike is a little OCD so you can count on the fact he’s taken good care of it.”

***
When Amy arrived at Beth’s, Mike had the horse trailer hooked up to Beth’s SUV and was teaching her how to back it into place. “That’s it.” Mike said, “Now turn the steering wheel to the right and keep backing up slowly. Great, you got it.”
Amy’s eyes wandered down the length of Mike’s tall, lanky body. At first, she thought he was thin, but quickly realized he was all muscle from his broad shoulders to his firm behind. Mike glanced back at Amy and caught her checking him out. She blushed and spun quickly to pull the overnight bag from the car. When she turned back, Mike was heading across the drive to her, behind Charlie and Kilo.
“Amy,” Mike’s rugged face was all smiles. “Good to see you. I hear Randy and Josh are heading out to do some wolf chasing.”
“Yes,” Amy said as she glanced past him to see if Beth was coming as well. “I’m surprised you’re not going with them.” She knelt down to embrace both dogs, and they knocked her off her feet in their enthusiasm. Mike laughed and offered her his hand. He pulled Amy to her feet as the dogs took off across the yard and disappeared into the trees.
“I wish I could,” Mike laughed, “but I’ve got something to attend to this weekend that can’t wait.”
“Too bad,” Amy closed the car door as Beth came up beside Mike.
“What do you think of my new trailer?” Beth was glowing with excitement.
“It’s beautiful!” Amy hugged Beth then scooped up her bag. “I’m here to help, and I thought I’d stay the night.”
Mike raised an eyebrow and said, “Well, I better be getting back to work. Have fun with the horses, and Beth if you need any help or advice with them, just give me a call.”
“Thanks, Mike,” Beth called after him, and they watched him climb into his pickup and drive off.
Beth turned to Amy and asked, “Staying over?”
Amy turned and headed for the house, “Yes, ma’am. The boys are heading out around 3 o’clock in the morning for some unknown reason, so I thought I’d just cozy up with you tonight.” Amy turned back to wait for Beth to catch up, and then added, “I brought some marinated chicken breast and Moscato. I know how you love that sweet wine.”
“Oh, Amy,” Beth cooed, placing her arm around Amy’s shoulders. “You really know how to charm a girl. Wine and chicken; add a chick flick to that, and we are set for the night.”
“After we pick up Maisie and Flo.” Amy reminded her.
“Mr. Weller is ready when we are.” Beth giggled and opened the front door for Amy. She turned and whistled loudly for the dogs as Amy dropped her bag at the foot of the stairs and put the wine and food in the fridge.
Charlie and Kilo bounded through the door and skittered across the wood floor to their water bowls by the back door. “Let’s leave the dogs here,” Beth said, as Amy headed back to the front door.
Tom Weller greeted them. He was a large man with broad shoulders and a slight beer belly. He helped them load the horses and fill out the paperwork. In less than two hours, they had the horses released into the pasture, fed, and watered with plenty of time to relax with a glass of wine before starting dinner.

***
Josh and Randy unloaded the ATV’s from Josh’s trailer and loaded their supplies. Both men carried a pistol in a holster clipped to their belt, and a rifle secured behind the seat. Dawn’s golden rays were just breaking over the horizon when they headed deeper into the preserve searching for any sign of the wolves.
Randy followed Josh to the ridge that overlooked Beth’s rental cabin. Josh climbed off his ATV, pulled a string of red flags from his backpack, and handed them to Randy.
Josh asked, “Do you really think those flags are going to scare off the wolves?”
“Yeah,” Randy said, tying one end of the string of flags to a large tree. “I spoke to the Ranger’s. They’re using these in Oregon. The flags flutter in the wind and spook the wolves, so they stay away. They also pack a mild electric charge that zaps anything that grabs hold of the wire. We’ll stake them high enough so anyone hiking or riding can easily see them, and we’ll keep them off the main trails. These are short enough strands; they shouldn’t cause any problems. It’s a short-term solution, but it should work long enough to keep the wolves from backtracking while we're driving them deeper into the mountains. The sound of our ATV’s should get the wolves moving in the right direction.”
They spent the rest of the day tracking the wolves’ movements and pushing them deeper into the mountains while staking the flags. As the sun began to sink behind the mountains, they turned to head back. Randy stopped his ATV when they neared Mr. Weller’s cabin and yelled across the trail to Josh, “Let’s make a run down the maintenance road before we head in.”
Josh knew Randy needed to check for any signs of a stalker, so he offered no objections. They dove into the woods and cut across to the maintenance road. The violet sky grew dark as the sun disappeared behind the mountains. They didn’t have much time, but the road wasn’t far; it ran along the rear of Mr. Weller’s property. The dirt road was dry and covered with a thin layer of grass and weeds, but was empty of any vehicles.
They walked further up the road toward the edge of Mr. Weller’s property. Josh caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of his eye and pulled the ATV to a stop. Randy turned around and pulled up next to him. Josh motioned deeper into the trees. They turned off the ATV’s and headed into the brush. Approximately 50 yards from the road, they found a small platform placed high up in a large tree. It was a portable tree stand like many hunters use to scan for deer. Josh climbed up the chain-link ladder dangling from the stand. When he reached the top, it was clear the tree stand wasn’t placed there for hunting deer.
The stand was high enough in the tree to give a complete view of Mr. Weller’s cabin and all the comings and goings of the girls when they'd lived there. Josh scanned the woods for any other sign of the stalker but could find nothing. He climbed down as his anger rose. This stalker was a dead man.
Randy stared at him, but didn’t speak. Josh took a deep breath and said, “You can see the cabin and the clearing around it, as plain as day.
Randy smiled and said, “Josh, this is a good thing. I’ll get the print kit from my office, and we can dust it for prints in the morning. Maybe we’ll get lucky and find this guy in the database.”
Josh shook his head to clear his mind and loosen his clenched jaw. He patted Randy on the shoulder and said, “Sounds good. Let’s get going before it’s too dark to see the trail.”
Josh released his hold on Randy and walked quickly past him back toward the trail. He turned back to say something to Randy when he was shoved forward suddenly. A flash of searing pain drove through his chest. Josh glanced down to find the tip of an arrow sticking out of his chest. 
Randy shouted, "Josh!" and pulled out his gun. Josh felt Randy shove him hard to the ground, and then there was only darkness.
***
Amy had a Skype meeting with Franklin to discuss her new publicist, so Beth took Maisie out for her first ride in the pasture. A cool, gentle breeze rushed across the thick green grass of the pasture. Beth urged Maisie into a gallop. Lifting her face to the evening sun, Beth basked in its warm glow. She rode the perimeter of the pasture then returned, gave Maisie a handful of oats, and took Flo for a ride. By the time she returned the sun had disappeared in an orange glow behind the mountains. 
The cloudless sky allowed the moonlight to fill the pasture with a soft glow. Beth gave Flo some oats and left the horses in the pasture. She stood gazing up at the star-filled sky as Amy appeared on the small front porch. Charlie and Kilo rushed over to her darting around the grassy yard as Beth’s eyes focused on Amy.
Amy stood silently on the porch waiting for Beth. As she neared, Beth could see the stricken expression on Amy’s pale features. “What’s happened?” Beth asked racing up the steps.
“It’s Josh,” Amy stammered and started to cry. “He was shot.” She managed through her sobs.
Beth’s heart pounded as she took hold of Amy’s shoulders and asked, “Is he alive? What happened? Where is he?”
Amy took a deep breath and said, “He’s alive; it was an arrow through his chest. Randy carried him out of the woods and drove to Dr. Hallowell’s house who called in Life Flight. They are airlifting him to Salt Lake City General Hospital.” Amy brushed the tears from her eyes as she gazed up at Beth adding, “It’s bad, Beth.”
“Let’s go!” Beth spun and yelled for the dogs. They bounded up the stairs and into the house after her.
Amy froze where she stood as Beth grabbed her purse and keys. Beth took hold of Amy’s arm, and pulled her out the door behind her. Once Beth reached the main road, Amy suddenly snapped out of her stupor and said, “Randy is going to meet us at his office. He can drive us in his truck. He doesn’t want you to drive.”
Beth concentrated on the road and answered, “If he’s not there when we arrive we are not waiting for him.”
***
They spent the night in the waiting room while Josh was in surgery. It was nearly dawn before the doctor appeared. Dr. Jones was an older, stocky man with short white hair. He pulled them into a family waiting room and explained, “Josh has lost a lot of blood. He’s extremely weak. The arrow nicked his artery and collapsed his left lung. However, he’s a lucky man. It missed his heart, and he’s in excellent physical condition. He has a good chance of survival as long as there are no further complications. The Sheriff’s quick action to stabilize the arrow instead of removing it saved Josh’s life. But this may not be over. We’re going to have to wait forty-eight hours to give him some time to heal before we decide if he needs additional surgery.”
Beth rose from her chair and asked, “Is he out of danger?”
Dr. Jones offered softly, “We will know in about twenty-four hours. As I said, he’s young and strong. You’ll have to be patient.”
Randy rose and offered his hand to the doctor saying, “When can we see him?”
Dr. Jones said, “He’s being moved to intensive care. A nurse can take you to the waiting area. If he remains stable you can see him, one at a time, but for only a few minutes. A nurse will be with you soon.” He disappeared through the doorway.
“This is my fault,” Randy announced, “It was my job to push the wolves back. Not Josh. I never should've asked him to come with me.”
Beth turned to Randy and took hold of his arm saying, “You know Josh would never have let you go into woods alone after those wolves.”
Randy shook his head and added, “It was my idea to check out the maintenance road. I had to have one more look before we headed home. I couldn’t let it go.”
“Maintenance road?” Beth stared at him confused.
“That’s where it happened.” Randy explained, “We found a deer stand the stalker was using to view the cabin. The next thing I knew Josh had an arrow sticking out of his chest.”
“The stalker?” Beth gasped, glancing at Amy, “Are you saying the stalker tried to kill Josh? I thought this was a hunting accident! I thought some idiot mistook Josh for a deer and shot him!”
“No,” Randy met Beth’s gaze, “It was the stalker. I returned fire, and I’m sure I hit him, but there was no time to search. I had to get Josh…” Randy’s voice broke. His eyes filled with tears, and he glanced down at the floor trying to regain control. “I don’t think that arrow was meant for Josh.”
Amy rose from her seat, wrapped her arms around Randy’s waist, and asked. “Randy, what are you saying?”
“I think that shot was meant for me.” Randy locked eyes with Beth. “Josh was moving between me and the stalker, when he was hit. I’m so sorry, Beth.”
Beth shook her head and said, “Randy, it’s not your fault.” Her head was swimming; she didn’t know what else to say. Why was this happening? Who was this person stalking her? Why? When would it all end?
***
Beth sat by Josh’s bed gazing at his pale face. He looked so peaceful and quiet, but she was sure his soul was full of torment. Josh would be furious when he discovered what happened and who was responsible. Randy didn’t want to talk about the horror filled quad bike ride to the truck, but Beth knew in her heart, he saved Josh’s life. Beth knew Randy was a true hero in every sense of the word. Randy was Amy’s perfect match. She couldn’t imagine anyone else who could give her friend a happily ever after.
Beth was jolted from her thoughts. What did she just decide? Amy should marry a man she’s only known for a few months? What about the Three-year rule? No, it didn’t apply. Amy was incapable of a pseudo persona. She had struggled too hard and too long to overcome her past and define herself. Amy was the most solid person Beth had ever known until she met Josh, and now Randy.
Was she so completely wrong about the Three-year rule? Was she a raving lunatic that spilled her insanity over to millions of unsuspecting women? No! Beth sat up straight in her seat. The Three-year rule was solid, but perhaps there were exceptions. There were always exceptions, weren’t there? Was she fooling herself into believing something her heart was desperate to know?
The nurse appeared and motioned for Beth to leave. Her time was up. Beth rose slowly and kissed Josh’s forehead. She whispered, “I’m here with you, Josh. I’m not leaving you. Randy and Amy are here. You are not alone. Be strong and come back to me… I love you.”
Randy was waiting for her out in the hall. Tears welled in her eyes as she gazed up at him. 
“Is he okay?” Randy asked, quietly moving to her side.
“There’s been no change,” Beth said.
“That’s good,” Randy, reasoned, “No change is better than getting worse.”
“I suppose,” Beth tried to smile.
“Beth,” Randy began, “I have to go. The State Police found fingerprints on the deer stand, and blood in the woods that I’m pretty sure belongs to the stalker. I must have hit him afterall.”
“I understand,” Beth began, “Josh would want you to go.”
“There’s something else,” Randy added, glancing behind him.
Beth followed his gaze to two young children. Before her stood a boy around twelve years old and a little girl age six. Beth’s heart raced as she recognized the deep blue eyes and blonde hair. They were Josh’s children.
“Jake, Molly,” Randy called to them. They were both dressed just as Beth would expect, in jeans and t-shirts. Molly’s jeans were purple, and her t-shirt had a picture of a kitty cat on it. Jake was all boy in his torn jeans and a ratty t-shirt. He looked so much like his father Beth’s stomach tied into knots. Randy knelt down next to Molly and said, “This is Elizabeth; she’s a friend of your dads.” Randy glanced up at Beth and smiled.
Beth smiled at the two beautiful children and stepped forward. “Hello, you can call me Beth.”
“Is my daddy in that room?” Molly asked as she leaned against Randy, her tiny fingers grasping his hand.
“Yes, he’s sleeping,” Beth answered.
“Can we see him?” Jake asked, glancing at the door.
Randy rose and said, “They don’t allow children in intensive care, but there’s a window right there you can look through.” Randy pointed to the large glass window in the wall that overlooked the intensive care unit. He scooped up Molly and put his arm around Jake’s shoulders and walked slowly to the window adding, “He’s asleep like Beth said, and he’s got some tubes attached to him giving him medicine. So he might look a little funny, but he’s okay.”
Beth followed them to the window. She watched the children stare through the window at their father. Her heart melted as their young eyes filled with tears. Molly sank her face into Randy’s chest and cried in tiny little sniffles. Jake brushed his tears away roughly with the back of his hand and turned to face away from them.
Beth said, “There’s a waiting room down the hall with a TV and a table. We can wait down there for your dad to wake up.”
Randy kissed Molly’s head and added, “Beth’s an author. Do you know what that is?”
Jake turned slowly around and said, “She writes books.”
Beth smiled and said, “That’s right.”
Molly raised her head, looked at her, and asked, “Like Dr. Seuss?”
Beth touched her golden hair and said, “Not exactly. I’m afraid you’d find the books I write pretty boring. They’re for grown-ups.”
“Oh,” Molly said, glancing at Jake. “That means no pictures.”
“You’re absolutely right,” Beth laughed and added, “but I do have a laptop, and an iPad Amy brought me this morning. We can download some games.”
Molly smiled and reached out to Beth. Randy handed her to Beth with a huge grin on his face. Jake stared at her, his eyes narrowed, and he asked, “How will we know when dad wakes up.”
Beth met his gaze and said softly, “They have my cell phone number, and there is a phone in the waiting room. They’ll call us.”
“Okay, then,” Jake looked at Randy, who gave him a pat on the back.

Molly fell asleep on Beth’s shoulder after lunch while Jake watched a movie. Amy arrived around dinnertime with fried chicken and all the trimmings. After they ate, Amy sat with the children while Beth went to look for the doctors for an update, before they left for the night.
Randy was in the waiting room with Amy and the children when Beth returned. Beth stopped in the doorway and gazed at Randy. He rose and they walked into the hallway. She sighed and said, “The doctors say he’s stable, but they’re keeping him in a drug induced coma for a few days because of his lung.” Beth hugged Randy and added, “He’s out of danger. They’ll move him to a regular room in the morning.”
Randy’s breath came in deep gasps. His voice was deep and throaty when he answered, “That’s good; I’ll take the kids home. I think you should come too.”
“I’d like that, but I don’t want to leave Josh alone,” Beth answered.
Randy nodded toward the intern that stood at the far end of the hallway near the entrance to ICU and said, “Some state troopers have volunteered to spend their off time keeping an eye on Josh. He won’t be alone, and you need some sleep. Amy took Kilo and Charlie to the house. I think it’s best if everyone stays with me until we get some answers.”
Beth searched his face then asked, “What did you find out?”
Randy sighed and said, “No fingerprint match in the system. Now we have to wait on the DNA.”

***
Josh heard a buzzing in his ears. It was sporadic but kept returning. He tried to open his eyes, but his eyelids were heavy, and he was so tired. Muffled voices rang in the distance as the buzzing returned. Josh took a deep breath, and the buzzing grew louder; it pounded away at his head. Then there were lights, bright lights. He shut his eyes and turned away from the light. Pain shot through his chest as he drew another breath. What is going on?
Josh forced his eyes open. He blinked at the bright light coming through the windows and forced his eyes to focus on the source of the buzzing sound. When his vision cleared, he saw Molly sitting on Beth’s lap as she and Jake leaned over the small table next to the window.
“Got it!” Jake announced triumphantly as he removed another organ from the surgical game as the buzzing alarm filled the room once more.
“Cheater!” Molly laughed, smacking his arm, “You’re so bad at this game! Beth can get every single one, and you can’t even pull out the funny bone without setting off the alarm.”
Josh tried to raise his head He opened his mouth to speak. A wave of pain washed across his chest, and all he could manage was a weak moan. All three heads snapped to face him. Molly squealed when she saw his eyes were open and rushed to his side. Beth reached out and slowed her pace saying, “Easy, Molly. Remember, he’s been hurt. Be gentle.”
Beth rushed off to find a nurse as Jake came up beside Molly. They stood staring at Josh not knowing what to do or say. Josh managed a weak smile and whispered as loud as his voice would allow, “I’m okay kids. It’s just a scratch.”
Jake grinned at his dad and said, “That’s what you said when I broke my arm.”
Molly climbed gingerly up onto the bed, avoiding the IV tube. She managed to squeeze up along the bed rail next to him and place her head on his shoulder. “Does it hurt daddy?”
Josh glanced at the door and saw Beth standing there watching them. He said, “Only a little sweetie, only a little.”



Chapter Nine

Josh rose slowly from his seat to face Randy; his face contorted in anger. “I don’t need your lectures. You’re acting like a Sheriff, Randy.”
“I sure as hell am.” Randy countered, “It was no accident this time, no bad decisions, no error in judgment. That man shot an arrow with intent to kill. This is no longer a case of a suspected stalker. This is attempted murder. So you’re going to listen to me, Josh. There’s no way I’m going to allow you to take Jake hunting in the very same woods where you were almost killed. It’s insane.”
Josh’s face grew dark red as his eyes narrowed on Randy, “I’m not the problem here, Randy. You are. If you ran your office like a professional, instead of a soft touch, maybe you’d get things done. Fire that old, lazy ass Deputy Ed Walker. Then, you can hire some real help and find Beth’s stalker instead of wasting your time lecturing me about what I can and cannot do with my son!”
Beth stepped in between them. She placed her hands on Josh’s shoulders and said, “Why don’t we all sit down and cool off for a minute. The last thing we need is the two of you at each other’s throats. Amy will be back from picking up the kids from school in 15 minutes. So, you two need to come to an agreement and fast.” She spun to face Randy and added, “Here’s the deal. Josh is fully recovered. We haven’t had any sign of the stalker in the last two months. This tells me that he’s either given up or gotten scared off.”
Randy forced his eyes away from Josh’s hostile glare. He could see the concern in Beth’s eyes. Randy took a deep breath and moved to sit in the high-backed leather chair across from the sofa. Beth smiled and added, “Good, now I’ll get you both an iced tea, and we can all discuss this calmly.”
Beth went to the kitchen to prepare their drinks. Hopefully, the argument would resolve itself once they calmed down.
Randy glanced at Josh’s angry grimace, and said calmly, “I’m not backing down on this.”
Josh pushed his hair back from his face and met Randy’s gaze. He said, “I’m not going to let Jake down. He’s been planning on this for over a year. I won’t let the thought that some stalker might still be prowling those woods stop me from taking my son on his first hunting trip. I refuse to live my life in fear.”
Randy nodded and said, “I don’t want to disappoint Jake either.” They stared at each other in silence. Beth returned with their drinks.
She sighed and said, “Okay, so how about a compromise? Is there somewhere else you can take Jake to hunt? Somewhere you haven’t been in a long time which is far enough away from here to be a feasible substitute?”
Randy looked at Josh and said, “Wolf Creek is 3 hours from here, and I’ve heard it’s crawling with Elk.”
“We’d have to leave the night before.” Josh said, “It would add another night to our trip.”
Beth sat down beside Josh and said, “Amy and I were planning on taking Molly into the city on a shopping trip for school clothes. I’m planning a girl’s weekend, and they are both coming over for a slumber party. You can leave Kilo with me. I think the combination of the dogs and my security system is plenty of protection; we’ll be fine.”
Randy added, “Amy’s become quite a shot with her Cobra 380.”
Josh looked from one to the other and added, “Mike said he’s not going hunting this year. He can run by and check on them. They can call him if anything happens; he’s only a few minutes away.”
“It’s settled then. I’ll find a hotel, and we'll head out tomorrow as soon as Jake is out of school.” Randy announced and rose to give Josh his hand.
Josh grinned and rose to shake his hand. “Let’s get the grill going, Beth has steaks marinating.”
The front door opened, and Molly rushed in followed by Charlie and Kilo. Jake and Amy entered after them. Molly ran straight to Beth and asked, “Can I ride Maisie today? Please?”
Beth glanced at Josh, who nodded his assent before disappearing through the back door with Randy.
“I get Flo!” Jake chimed in.

Amy took over the meal prep while Beth took the kids out and helped them saddle the horses. She watched as they galloped across the pasture. It was surprising how quickly she’d become attached to Josh’s kids. Molly took to Beth instantly. Beth considered her lack of a consistent mother figure a significant factor in their instant connection. In fact, Beth enjoyed helping Molly choose an outfit and fixing her hair.
It wasn’t easy finding time alone with Josh, but Beth didn’t mind. Josh’s rule of no overnights when the children were home did put a cramp in their sexual relationship. If it weren’t for Randy and Amy taking the kids every other Friday night, she and Josh would never have an entire night alone.
Beth did understand and agreed with Josh’s reasoning. He was their father and wanted to set a good example. He’d done a great job raising both of them. They were confident, polite, and good-natured. She’d even taken Amy’s suggestion and was researching step parenting to add to her Blended Families book series, although she was more interested in making sure she had a good relationship with Josh’s kids than writing a book.
When it was time to eat, Beth called the kids back to the stables and watched as they gave the horses both a handful of oats
Amy had set the table on the deck, and Josh announced their plans during dinner.
“Randy and I have decided to hunt at Wolf Creek this weekend.” Josh began. “Are you ready to hunt some elk Jake?”
Jake’s eyes widened, and his face broke into a huge smile. He answered, “I sure am! This is so awesome!”
Beth turned to Molly and added, “You and Amy are going to stay with me this weekend. We are going shopping on Saturday and have a slumber party Saturday night.”
“Goodie!” Molly jumped from her seat and hugged Beth then rushed around the table to hug Amy. “We should all get matching PJ’s on Saturday for the party!”
Josh smiled across the table at Beth and added, “You’ll have to show Beth how to make s’mores, Molly.”
“I sure will!” Molly giggled and climbed onto her father’s lap.
***
The next day Amy and Beth met Josh and Randy at the school. They said a quick goodbye to the guys and took Molly out to dinner at Sadie’s, and then ran by the local market and bought snacks and soda, and Molly picked out a movie.
“Beth, can I sleep with you tonight?” Molly asked as the movie ended. She was already dressed for bed in her princess nightgown and fuzzy slippers. “Then we can all sleep down here tomorrow night for the slumber party.”
“Sure,” Beth smiled.
Beth let the dogs out for one last time while Amy locked the back door and headed upstairs with Molly. Once the dogs were in, Beth turned on the alarm and turned out the lights.

Josh woke Jake up for the second time as they sat on the deer stand overlooking a small clearing not too far from Wolf Creek. Josh whispered to his sleepy son, “You’ve got to stay awake, the sun’s coming up. This is when the action begins.”
Jake took the granola bar his father offered and ate it quickly, scanning the clearing for any sign of activity. Randy’s voice came over the two-way radio, “Josh, are you two still awake?”
“Roger that,” Josh answered with a wink at Jake.
“I’m going to move up on the ridge. I can see several bulls just out of range for a good shot. They should be heading your way soon unless I get them first.” Randy whispered across the radio.
Josh handed the radio to Jake and let him answer, “Roger that.”
“Let’s meet up at the river at noon if we don’t get a kill.” Randy added, “We can head back after dinner for another try at nightfall.”
“We plan on getting a big one soon, so unless you plan on sleeping, we'll see you way earlier than noon.” Jake boasted into the radio.
Josh grinned and patted Jake on the back. 

Randy smiled and climbed out of the deer blind that consisted of a few tree limbs with camouflage netting stretched across the front. He headed slowly through the trees as quietly as he could toward the ridge. Just as they reached the top, he heard a gunshot. Randy reached for his radio just as Jake’s excited voice announced, “I got one! An elk, an elk! I got one! It was a clean shot right through its chest.”
Randy laughed and responded, “Great work! I’ll go get the quad and head your way!”
Once they quartered the elk, loaded it on the quads, and carried it back to the truck to debone and pack it in the coolers, it was late morning. They stopped at a local gas station and filled the coolers with more ice, then headed for the one local diner in the nearest town for lunch.
Randy’s cell phone rang when they headed for the small motor inn on the edge of town to shower and take a nap before returning to the woods. Randy answered, “Sheriff Connor,”
They pulled into the motor inn that looked like a string of mobile homes, linked together end to end. They parked in the open spot in front of their door and Randy quickly climbed out of the truck. He listened to the voice on the other end continue to speak without interruption.
Finally, Randy said, “Okay, let me know what you find. If I don’t answer the phone leave a message, and I’ll call you back as soon as I can.”
Randy glanced up to find Josh staring at him with the intensity of a puma stalking a deer. Randy flashed him an innocent smile and said, “Work, sorry.”
“The stalker?” Josh asked quietly, glancing at Jake who was pulling the coolers from the truck.
“I'm following a hunch.” Randy said quietly, “I’ve broadened my search a bit. My deputy has been doing some research for me, and he has a lead. I’ll let you know if anything pans out.”
“Are you getting close?” Josh asked nothing more. 
“I hope so.” Randy glanced at Jake and added loudly, “What are we going to do with this boy? That was a ten point elk. I can’t compete with that, and I’m an expert marksman.”
Jake’s head poked out from the back of the truck, and he said, “It was a perfect shot! Right through the heart, just like dad taught me.”
“And this afternoon or tomorrow you get to watch me shoot a 12 point,” Josh teased, messing up Jake’s hair.
***
The girls spent the morning shopping in downtown Salt Lake City at the new mall. They ate lunch at a trendy Argentinian restaurant. Then stopped by a hobby shop on the way home to purchase a jewelry making kit and paint to decorate the plain t-shirts they'd bought that morning.
When they got home and began to discuss dinner, Molly said, “Pizza!” She jumped up from the couch and added, “Slumber Parties always have pizza for dinner.”
Amy laughed and turned to Beth saying, “She’s right you know. We must have pizza for dinner.”
Beth held a serious expression as she gazed from Amy to Molly, and back. She took a deep breath and announced, “Let it be done!”
They all broke out in giggles and finished laying out their clothing purchases on the kitchen island for everyone to examine.
“Can we have a fashion show after dinner?” Molly asked, dancing with excitement.
“Of course!” Beth smiled.
“Well then, it’s all settled.” Amy added, “We can pick up a movie when we get pizza, and we have our craft projects. I’d say we have a full evening ahead of us.”
“I’d like to check on the horses and give them some oats, so why don’t you two go get a pizza, and I’ll make some cheesy garlic bread and a salad,” Beth offered.
Amy spun and headed for the door. “Off we go, Molly. Would you like to drive?”
Molly giggled and chased after her.
Beth gathered up their new clothes and laid them out on her bed for later. As she headed downstairs to care for the horses, she heard Amy’s cell phone ringing. Thinking it might be Randy, she snatched it off the island where Amy had left it and answered.
“Hello?” She said into the phone.
A muffled voice replied, “Hello, this is John Weller. My father, Gene gave me your number. I am at the cabin this week on a hunting trip, and we found a black oriental jewelry box. Dad thinks it’s yours.”
“Oh, my gosh," Beth gasped, “Yes, it sounds just like it!”
“Great!” The voice answered, “I’ll be home for the next 30 minutes if you can head over now.”
“Absolutely!” Beth said. “I’ll be right there!”
She left Amy’s cell phone on the island, grabbed her purse, and rushed out the door. What a fantastic surprise it would be to give Amy her grandmother’s jewelry box when she came back tonight. Kilo and Charlie bounced around her as she raced out the door, caught up in her excitement.
“Okay, okay,” Beth laughed at their antics. “Get in the truck.”

***
Randy’s phone woke him from a sound sleep. They were all trying to catch up on lost sleep. Randy grabbed the phone from the nightstand and answered it quickly, not wanting to wake up Jake and Josh.
“Sheriff Connor,” He said into the phone. Ed’s raspy voice responded.
“Randy, I called the Denver Police about that female author, Bonnie Jones, who was killed last spring. You were right; it was a stalker case. They tortured and raped her over a period of several days, and then strangled her. They found her body in a creek. They have no suspects, no leads. I requested a copy of the file. Bonnie used a literary agency based in New York City. I was able to get a hold of the receptionist who was working late to meet a deadline. She looked up Bonnie’s information and gave me the name of her agent, a Franklin Mallory.”
“What?” Randy sat up quickly and kicked off the covers. “Contact the New York Police and get a search warrant for his office and home. He’s Beth’s agent, as well. Call the Denver Police back and let them know we have a suspect. Find out where he is right now and get back to me!”

Beth pulled up in front of the cabin. The lights were out. When she reached the door, she found a note saying, I had to leave early. I left the jewelry box on the shelf in the garage.
Beth stuffed the note in her pocket and headed across the drive to the garage. Kilo and Charlie raced across the drive ahead of her. They waited patiently while she struggled to push the door upward. As the door rose, Kilo froze and began to growl. Beth released the door as it finished rising and glanced at Kilo.
“What is it, boy?” She asked.
Suddenly a flash of light appeared from within the garage and a shot rang out. Kilo yipped and fell still at Beth’s feet. Charlie jumped backward in fear, barking and snarling. Beth kneeled beside Kilo and laid a hand on his head. She stared blankly at the tall figure as it moved out from the shadows.
“Franklin?” She stammered.
Franklin was holding a handgun pointed at Charlie. He was dressed in a ghillie suit consisting of a long-sleeved camouflage colored hoodie pulled up over his head, camouflage pants, and boots. He threw a rope at Beth’s feet next to Kilo and ordered, “Tie Charlie to the work bench, or I will shoot her.”
Beth picked up the rope and rushed toward Charlie who continued to bark and growl. She pulled Charlie into the garage and tied the rope to Charlie’s collar then around the leg of the workbench. She knew it wouldn’t hold for long.
“Put the wolf in the garage.” Franklin’s voice rose in tone and urgency as he spoke.
“Franklin, what is going on?” Beth asked as she rushed back to Kilo.
“Shut up!” Franklin spat.
Beth placed her hand on Kilo’s chest; he was still breathing. She ripped the sleeve off her blouse and pressed it against the wound.
“Move, now!” Franklin stepped closer; his voice was loud and menacing.
Beth struggled to pick up Kilo. She couldn’t move him far, just inside, past the door line. She stroked his head. Tears filled her eyes. Blood was pulsing from the wound in his chest.
“Enough,” Franklin snapped. He glanced toward Beth’s SUV and asked, “Where is Amy?”
“She’s not here,” Beth stammered. “Franklin, you could have killed Kilo. We need to get him to the vet.”
“Shut up!” Franklin walked quickly toward her and pointed the gun at her chest.
“Franklin, I don’t know what you think you're doing, but you shot a dog. That’s serious.”
“Where is Amy?” Franklin screamed at her.
Beth’s heart froze in her chest. She looked at Franklin with new eyes, realizing she was in just as much danger of losing her life as Kilo. Beth lowered her voice and responded calmly, “Amy is in Denver shopping with Molly.”
“You lying bitch!” Franklin reached out and grabbed Beth by the throat. “She was at your house less than an hour ago. I saw her!”
“No… I…” Beth tried to speak, but he tightened his grip.
“You will call her now!” Franklin growled and released her.
“My phone is in the truck,” Beth said, rubbing her throat. She searched his eyes and her heart skipped a beat; they were wild and full of anger.



Chapter Ten

Josh pushed his truck as fast as he dared with Jake in the vehicle. Randy turned to him from the passenger’s seat and said, “Still no response on either of their phones. I’m calling Mike.”
“Dad,” Jake asked anxiously from the back seat, “Will you please tell me what’s going on?”
Josh glanced at Randy then back to the road ahead. He took a deep breath and said, “Beth and Amy’s phones don’t appear to be working. We’re worried they’re having some kind of problem and want to get home as fast as possible, in case they need us.”
“Is Molly okay?” Jake asked weakly.
“I’m sure she’s fine, son.” Josh met Jakes eyes in the rear view mirror and added, “We’ll keep trying to reach them. My guess is they're out riding the horses, or they went to a movie. I’m sure everything is fine. But Randy’s calling Mike to have him run out and check on them just in case.”
***
Amy and Molly placed the pizzas on the kitchen counter. Amy realized when she saw her phone that she’d run off without it and went to check her messages. There were several missed calls from Randy, and she’d had a recent call that Beth must have answered. It was strange that Beth had left so suddenly. Did something happen to one of the horses?
She glanced out the door toward the stables. The horse trailer sat next to the garage. She could see the horses grazing in the pasture beyond. Amy set Molly to work making a salad while she called Beth’s cell phone to see where she was. Beth’s phone went to voicemail. Amy left a message, “Beth call me ASAP, where are you?”
Suddenly a knock came at the door, and Amy rushed to answer it. Mike Cain walked quickly in the door and glanced around asking, “Is everything okay here? Randy called, and he’s really worried.”
Amy glanced across the room at Molly, who was busy tearing apart a head of lettuce. She looked back at Mike and said, “We’re fine, but Beth left, and she’s not answering her phone. How did you know?” Amy’s phone rang. Randy's name appeared on the screen.
“Randy,” Amy said quickly into the phone, “What’s going on?”
“Amy!” Randy gasped, “Are you all right? Is everything okay?”
Amy said, “Mike just got here. Molly and I are okay. Beth went somewhere in her truck and isn’t answering her phone. What’s going on?”
Randy spoke quickly, “I want you to take Molly and go to my office. We think Franklin is the stalker. I’ve just been informed he was on a flight into Salt Lake City on Thursday. Do you have any idea where Beth might have gone?”
Amy’s heart was pounding. She couldn’t understand what Randy was saying. Anal-retentive Franklin was the stalker. How could this be? Amy stammered, “It looks like she took a call on my phone. That’s probably why she left, but I don’t recognize the number.”
“Give it to me, and I’ll run a search,” Randy said. She gave him the number, and Randy added, “You and Molly need to stay with Mike and get to my office. Ed is there waiting for you.”
“We will,” Amy stammered as she fought back the tears, not wanting to alarm Molly.
“I love you.” Randy added, “Now get going.”
***
Beth pulled her purse out of the truck and searched as calmly as she could for her cell phone. She could feel Franklin’s angry glare boring into her back. She finally found it at the very bottom of her purse and pulled it out. She turned slowly back to face him and asked, “What do you want me to say?”
“Tell her you came here to get her jewelry box just like the phone call said, and you’ve got a flat tire. Tell her to come and pick you up.” Franklin’s voice was suddenly calm and steady.
“Why do you need Amy?” Beth asked.
Franklin slapped Beth with his free hand and said, “Call her now.”
Beth forced back the terror that threatened and ignored the sting of his hand. She hit her speed dial for Josh instead of Amy and tried to keep her breathing slow and steady, hoping Franklin wouldn’t notice. The phone rang once in her ear then Franklin snatched the phone from her grasp. He glanced at the screen and disconnected the call.
“You fucking moron!” He screamed at her, shoving her against the truck. “The last woman that deceived me didn’t live long enough to regret it. I will shoot you in the stomach and make you call her with your dying breath if you try anything else!”
Beth couldn’t believe what was happening. Franklin was not the man standing before her screaming. A psychopath had replaced him.
Beth’s phone began to ring. It was Josh. Franklin glared at Beth, his eyes wild with fury, and ignored the call. He dialed Amy’s number and shoved the phone at Beth saying, “Get her here now!”
Amy’s frantic voice answered immediately; Beth cut her off. She had to make Amy realize what was happening and make sure she did not come. “Amy! I’m so glad I caught you. I had to run to the cabin. Mr. Weller’s son called me. He found your jewelry box. I went to pick it up, but I ran into a snag. You know what a crazy driver I am. I ran the truck off the driveway leading up to the cabin, and now I have a flat tire. Can you drop Molly off at Mike’s and come pick me up?”


“Are you hurt?” Amy asked; Beth’s tone just didn’t seem right, and what was this about her being a crazy driver? She’s a cautious driver. She treated that truck like it was her baby.
“Not yet, but Kilo is, and Charlie's here too,” Beth answered cheerily.
Amy gasped Kilo’s been hurt! “Franklin is the stalker,” Amy said softly.
“Okay, that’s no problem. When Molly’s out of the bathtub, drop her off at Mike’s and head over here. I’ll be waiting. Thanks!” Beth ended the call. She glanced at Franklin and said, “She’s got to get Molly out of the tub, then she’ll be right here.”
Franklin stared at her with such intensity Beth thought he was going to hit her again. Instead, he turned and began to pace the length of the vehicle. Beth watched, searching for the words that would calm him. Calm down and think. He’s a sociopath, a psychopath, a narcissist. Think, think, think. This is your job; you know how to speak to him; you can do this. Compliment him, play to his ego, his superiority.
“Franklin,” Beth spoke softly, “I understand now that you’re the one who was watching us. I had no idea you were such an experienced hunter. I never knew you could even shoot a bow. I can’t imagine the skill it must have taken to find and kill that. I heard the deputy say it was a perfect kill.”
Franklin stopped and turned to stare at her. “Don’t patronize me, Beth.”
She shook her head and added, “I’m not, Franklin. I’ve never lied to you. You know that. I’ve always been blunt and honest with you. That’s why our relationship worked so well. You were smart enough to see past any petty issues and you kept me on target because of it. You know me so well. But I haven’t been a very good friend to you. I know so little about you.”
“I started hunting when I was a child.” The rage faded from his face. But his eyes were dark, cold, and emotionless. His face held no expression, which was exactly what she would expect from a sociopath.
Beth continued, “You took down Kilo with one shot. Don’t get me wrong, I hate what you did, but I have to respect the fact that you ended it quickly for him. You didn’t let him suffer. I don’t know why I’m so surprised, because that’s what you do Franklin, isn’t it? Everything you do is perfect. It always has been.”
“I became an expert hunter in the woods behind my house. I was very good at tracking animals. I could find a stray dog and her litter of puppies in a matter of minutes.” Franklin gazed at her with glassy eyes. “No one missed them. I was free to do as I pleased. It was my first experience with the frailty of life.”
A chill ran through Beth’s petite body as Franklin's words hinted of torture and death. “You are an expert at everything you do, Franklin.”
“You’d be nothing without me,” Franklin said moving closer to her. His face showed no emotion, his voice was low and soft.
“You are so right.” Beth added, “If I hadn’t listened to your advice on going national three years ago, I would still be a struggling author just waiting for her big break. You took that leap of faith and pulled me up the mountain right behind you.”
He searched her eyes, “I could have done more if you listened to me about the romance series. It would have allowed me to spend time helping Amy create the covers.”
“I should have listened to you. You are my agent; you’re the expert. That’s why I came to you in the first place. That’s why I asked you to take Amy on as a customer.” Beth had to keep him focused on himself, on his self-love. “I knew if anyone could make Amy a success it was you.”
“You’re an idiot.” Franklin moved so close his face was inches from hers. “Art is not what I do. I am a literary agent. Only a complete fool would think that I could just snap my fingers and whip up an art show for Amy. That’s not how it works, Beth.” He reached out and grabbed her throat, but didn’t squeeze hard enough to cut off her air. “I don’t have those kinds of contacts.”
Beth had lost control of the conversation. She forced the rising panic back and held his gaze, determined to survive. There had to be a way. Amy would have the State Police here soon; she just had to stay alive long enough.
“You’re right, Franklin.” Beth had to keep praising him, keep him thinking he was in control, convince him he had all the power and she knew it. “I was wrong, but you did it. You found a way to set up an art show in Los Angeles. Amy’s first step up the ladder of success and it’s all because of you.”
Franklin squeezed her throat harder. Beth gasped for air. He whispered in her ear, “It’s all a lie.”

Randy answered his cell. The urgency in Ed’s voice caused the hair on the back of his neck to rise. “Randy, I’m in the conference room. Mike is here with Amy and Molly. The New York Police just got into Franklin’s apartment. It’s a wreck. There’s garbage and filth all over the place except the bedroom, which is immaculate. There are pictures all over his bedroom, but they're not of Beth. He has pictures of Amy. They’re all Amy.”
“Amy?” Randy stammered. He glanced at Josh, who was pulling off the main highway onto the narrow two-lane road that led into town.
“There’s more,” Ed added, “Beth just called Amy with some weird story about being at the cabin picking up Amy’s jewelry box. Amy is sure something is wrong and that Kilos been hurt. Beth just kept telling her to drop off Molly and come pick her up. I’m headed out there now to see what’s going on.”
“Ed, we are 5 minutes away so hold off, and I’ll go with you.” Randy looked at Josh and added, “I’ve got an idea.”
***
Beth struggled to breathe. Franklin leaned closer and sneered, “There is no art show. I set the whole thing up to get Amy alone in my car. Sure, we were heading to Los Angeles, but we were supposed to drive. I planned to tell her about an art show in Las Vegas I wanted her to show her on the way.” Franklin released his grip on Beth’s throat and continued. “There’s a lot of desert between here and Las Vegas; lots of places for cars to break down and people to wander off.”
Beth finally understood. It wasn’t her Franklin had been watching all this time. It was Amy. She stared at him with a sudden clarity and said, “It wasn’t Charlie you were trying to kill that day. It was me. I was getting in the way of your plans for Amy.” Franklin’s face showed the slightest hint of a smile. Beth added, “And it wasn’t Josh you were after in the woods. It was Randy, because he had what you wanted.” Franklin watched as Beth’s face filled with horror. “How many people have you killed?” Beth asked in as calm a voice as she could muster.
Franklin suddenly looked bored. He stepped back from her and glanced up at the sky. He said, “The sun is gone, and the stars are coming out.” Franklin glanced down at his watch and then turned his gaze back to Beth. “Where is she?”
“I’m sure she’s on her way. You know Amy; she’s never in a hurry.” Beth forced herself to answer him. Her sudden realization that Franklin had killed before sent ripples of terror surging through her. When his eyes wandered away from her, Beth glanced desperately around for anything she could use as a weapon.
Franklin walked the few paces away to the front door and with one vicious kick broke it open. He spun, pointed the pistol at Beth and said, “Get in the house.”
Beth walked slowly toward the door. Where were the police? Why hadn’t they come? She was running out of time. She had to keep Franklin focused on himself and away from killing her. She knew better than to challenge Franklin on his decision to hide from Amy; it would only infuriate him. She had taken a submissive stance with him, and she was still alive. She would continue with it until he became enraged again.
“The basement,” Was all Franklin said as he followed her inside.
She searched the hallway with her eyes, but found nothing to use as a weapon. Beth moved to the basement door, opened it, and started down the steps at a quicker pace, hoping to catch him off guard and find a weapon when she reached the bottom. Franklin kept pace with her, only a step behind.
When they reached the bottom, he placed his hand on her shoulder and shoved her toward the back of the basement. “Keep moving.”
Beth’s heart raced. Searching desperately for anything to fight with, Beth’s heart sank. The basement was empty except for the large standing freezer at the far end of the room. Franklin shoved her toward it. 
Beth stopped in front of the freezer. Was he going to force her inside to suffocate? Franklin ordered, “Open it.”
She pulled open the door, and the room filled with bright light. Beth sighed with relief. It was full of meat. Franklin pointed to a large bundle of paper wrapped meat. He ordered, “Pick it up.”
Beth grabbed the meat. Franklin forced her back upstairs. She moved quickly up the stairs, grateful he didn’t kill her and stuff her body in the freezer. When they reached the kitchen, Franklin ordered, “Put the meat in the microwave and hit ten minutes.”
Beth frowned; her hands were shaking. His actions confused her, but she did as he said. The bundle of meat weighed nearly five pounds; five minutes on high would partially cook it, and yet still leave a portion of it frozen. She turned to face him. The therapist in her desperately wanted to dig into his psyche and discover if he had a dark past. She wanted to help him bring out his demons so he could deal with them, but she knew it would only upset him and that’s the last thing she wanted to do. He needed to feel superior. He wouldn’t easily admit to his faults.
“Who taught you to hunt?” Beth asked, trying to keep him focused.
“My uncle,” Franklin answered quietly, “He came back from Vietnam with a thirst for blood. He taught me everything I needed to know about setting traps that would kill.” Franklin turned to gaze at her with his icy eyes. “He had a bad temper, and he loved knives. It was a deadly combination.”
“Where is he now?” Beth asked, not wanting to hear the answer.
“Early one morning he woke up with a terrible hangover. He hit me so hard I thought I was going to die. He kept hitting me even after I lost consciousness. I think the worst of it happened then. I woke up with broken ribs and a broken leg. My aunt told the doctor I fell out of the barn onto a pile of firewood. I remember looking at the doctor. She knew; I could see it in her eyes. She knew, but she didn’t say a word. She didn’t do a thing. She was just like my mom. I knew then, there was no one to help me.”
Franklin continued to gaze at the cooking meat. He added, “When I was well enough to get out of bed, I stole my uncle’s favorite hunting knife from his bedroom. He’d passed out in the living room. He didn’t see me coming. His eyes opened wide as the blade slid across his throat, but he didn’t make a sound. He stared at me as he clutched the wound. I remember being surprised at how long it took him to die and how much blood there was. There was so much blood.” Franklin turned back to stare at the meat. “I had to chop his body into pieces, so I could throw him down a dry well not far from the house. Mom cleaned up the mess. No one ever asked where he went. No one missed him. No one cared. Honestly, I think they were glad he was gone.”
Beth’s eyes filled with tears. “Your mom didn’t protect you from him.” She stared at him. “Franklin, most women would have protected you. Most women aren’t like your mother. Amy and I aren’t like your mother.”
He turned to stare blankly at her and said, “All women are the same heartless bitches manipulating men to get what they want. You’re no different. I offered to a perfectly good alternative to increase your book sales and you threw it back in my face.” He pointed his gun at her and ordered, “Take off your jacket.” He moved to the far end of the counter. Opening a drawer full of miscellaneous items, he pulled out a roll of twine.
The microwave dinged. Franklin moved back to her with the twine and said, “Pull out the meat and unwrap it. We’re going for a little walk.”

Amy’s small SUV pulled slowly up in front of the cabin to stop next to Beth’s truck. The door to the cabin was open slightly. The light from inside the house was just bright enough to light up the small porch. No movement came from the house as the SUV idled quietly. A few moments later the SUV shut down, and the headlights went out.
Barking came from the garage across the yard. Everything else was still and silent. A few more minutes passed with no activity. Amy’s SUV’s lights went on, and its engine started. It began to move slowly toward the garage. Suddenly a series of thuds sounded. A halo of arrows struck the front and rear tires on the right side of the vehicle.

Franklin knew he had her. Amy’s tires lost all pressure and immediately went flat. She wasn’t going anywhere. He stepped out of the shadows from behind the stables. He moved slowly toward her. The car door opened as Franklin neared. A figure stepped out into the dim light. Franklin froze; it wasn’t Amy’s silhouette.
“Sheriff’s department!” shouted the man, raising his gun. “Drop your weapon, or I’ll put a hole in your chest.”
Suddenly the area exploded in a burst of light. An array of police vehicles surged into the clearing. Franklin held his ground, not moving. He held the bow in one hand and pulled the pistol from his belt with the other. The sheriff walked around the car, and said again, “Drop your weapons, Franklin. It’s over. Amy’s not coming. You’re about to die right here, right now. Drop the gun on the ground in front of you if you want to live.”
Franklin surveyed the growing number of state troopers. They spilled from their vehicles and began pointing their guns at him. His eyes slowly went back to the sheriff, and he said, “I told Beth it was a good night to die. She begged to differ, but it really wasn’t her choice.”
“Tell me where she is, and things will go easier for you,” the sheriff said with venom in his voice.
Franklin shrugged his shoulders and said, “She’s on a picnic.” With that, he raised his pistol, and the air filled with gunfire.

Randy rushed forward to kick the gun away from Franklin. He lay bleeding on the rocky driveway. Randy knelt beside him and asked, “Where’s Beth?”
Franklin smiled and refused to answer. Josh pushed his way through the small crowd of troopers. He shoved Randy away from Franklin. “Where is she?” Josh growled, taking hold of the front of Franklin’s shirt and shaking him.
“Search the house and the out buildings.” Randy shouted to the others, “She’s a petite brunette.”
“Where is she?” Josh’s voice grew louder as the emotionless face stared up at him.
Franklin seemed oblivious to his wounds and the amount of lifeblood flowing from his body. He gazed up at the stars. He tilted his head to one side when the distant cry of a wolf reached them. “There, you see,” Franklin whispered, “dinner is served.”
Josh released him and rose, but stopped when a flash of red color caught his eye hanging out of Franklin’s pants pocket. He jerked at the fabric, and a small red flag landed in his hand. Josh jumped to his feet and ran to his pickup truck parked behind the police vehicles. He pulled his rifle out from under the rear seat and shouted to Randy, who was moving toward the garage. “She’s on the ridge!”
Josh sprinted across the yard heading for the woods beyond the stables. Randy yelled, “Josh!” as he passed, and tossed him his flashlight adding, “I’m right behind you!”
Randy ran to his truck shouting orders to have the ATV’s pulled off the back of Josh’s truck parked behind the police vehicles. He climbed into his truck and started the engine.
Josh dove into the thick layer of brush and small trees that lined the clearing. He could hear Randy’s truck crashing through the underbrush on the far side of the stables. He was cutting through the woods trying to reach the maintenance road.
The trees and thorny brush tore at Josh’s face and jacket. He raced toward the summit where they'd laid the first line of flags. Franklin didn’t have enough time to go much further. Beth had to be just beyond the summit. “Beth!” Josh screamed as he reached the highest point. He stood for a moment praying she would respond. His only response was the call of the wolves coming ever closer. He was running out of time.
Josh pushed deeper into the trees looking for any sign of Franklin and Beth’s passing. Suddenly a flash of yellow fabric caught his eye. He rushed toward the thicket and snatched it from the bush. He moved the flashlight across the ground; there had to be tracks.


Beth sat shivering on the ground. She struggled against the twine that bound her arms to the large oak. The stench of partially cooked meat snaked into her nostrils from the necklace of deer meat Franklin had strung around her neck and waist. The twine dug into her wrists. She ignored the pain and worked furiously to rub it back and forth against the bark.
“Beth!” She froze. Was that Josh’s voice calling her name? Was she imagining it? “Beth, answer me!” No, it was Josh!
Beth screamed, “Josh! I’m here! Over here!”

Seconds felt like hours as Josh raced into the darkness. He broke through the trees following her voice. When he found her, his heart sank. Her shirt and pants oozed with blood.
“Beth!” Josh gasped, “Are you hurt?” He pulled out his pocketknife and made quick work of the twine bindings.
“No,” Beth answered him, “it's deer meat.”
Josh cut the twine and yanked the meat off her. He tossed it into the darkness. The cry of the wolves was much closer. Josh helped Beth to her feet. He tore her shirt from her body with one jerk and said, “Take your pants off. Your clothes are soaked with blood. We have to leave the scent here, or those wolves will be on us fast.”

Beth pulled off her jeans. Josh made her put on his coat. He took hold of her hand and said, “You have to run hard. If the wolves surround us, we won’t survive it.”
She blindly followed Josh through the thick mixture of trees and brush. At one point Josh stopped suddenly and pulled the pistol from his belt holster. He spun, handed her the gun, whispering breathlessly, “The safety is off, so watch where you point it. All you have to do it pull the trigger. Don’t shoot me. If you see a wolf, aim for the chest. You have 14 shots. Don’t waste them.”
Josh carried his rifle in one hand and held on to Beth with the other. Beth’s breath came in gasps; her lungs felt like they were on fire, and her legs were like jelly. Suddenly they broke through the brush onto the maintenance road. Josh didn’t hesitate or slow his pace. He pulled Beth behind him, she fought hard to maintain the pace. Her feet were on fire, her arms felt weak. She gasped for breath. The cold night air burned her throat.
A snarling bark came from behind them, and Josh jerked Beth. She spun away from the sound as Josh placed himself between her and the wolf. He snapped his rifle up and fired several shots, and the wolf yelped in pain. 
Beth struggled to see in the darkness. The moon was only half-full, and the forest was a maze of shadows. She heard another growl on her left. She pointed the pistol and fired as Josh spun to face it. Another yelp of pain and Josh shouted, “Run!”
He grabbed her hand and pulled Beth further down the road. They dove off the gravel back into the underbrush. Beth was exhausted; she couldn’t catch her breath. Her mind screamed, “We're going to die!” 
Suddenly, Josh stopped. He grabbed Beth by the waist and lifted her up toward a tree trunk. She reached out blindly and felt a chain-link ladder dangling on the side of the tree.
“Climb!” Josh urged her lifting her higher.
Beth reached up, grabbed the next rung and scrambled up the ladder to find a platform with a narrow bench and a small railing around it. She pulled herself up and reached back to pull Josh up. She could hear the wolves growl and snarl beneath them. They had made it just in time.
Josh pulled her against him on the narrow bench and kissed her long and hard. The fire of his passion forced the cold from her petite form. She clung to him. He released her and pulled off his shirt to wrap it around her bare legs. “Don’t worry, the wolves can’t reach us up here, but it’s going to get cold.” He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close adding, “Beth, I was so scared. When we found out it was Franklin I couldn’t believe how stupid I’d been. I can’t believe I didn’t see it? When Amy got your call, I thought I was going to lose my mind if I didn’t get to you as soon as possible. When I realized what Franklin did to you...”
“Josh,” Beth pressed her fingers against his lips. “It’s all right, I’m okay now that you’re here, but I have to tell you something.”
Josh stopped talking and stared at her. She whispered, “When I was sitting in the darkness waiting for those wolves, all I could think about was you. I realized how much time I’d wasted hiding from my true feelings for you. I was hiding from the beauty of our relationship. All I needed was one more chance to see you, to speak to you, to tell you I love you. I fell in love with you the first night we met. I don’t care about the Three-year rule anymore. I don’t care about pseudo personalities or statistics. All I care about is being with you.”
“I love you too, Beth,” Josh answered.
“I love your kids, Josh.” Beth continued. “I can’t believe how fast I’ve become attached to them. They fill a place in my heart I had no idea was empty. I can’t imagine my life without them, without you.”
“Beth,” Josh whispered, “I’m crazy about you. I don’t care how long it takes. I’m not going anywhere. As for this Three-year rule, I think you’re on target. I agree that some people try too hard to become something they’re not, to please the people they love. However, the one thing you forgot about this pseudo persona, is love. When you love someone enough to marry them character flaws won't matter. You can get past a long lost secret that turns up ten years later. You deal with it; you accept it, and you keep moving forward.”
“You’re right,” Beth continued, “I’ve been such a fool. You are honest and open. You weren’t hiding your past; you simply weren’t ready to share it yet. I love you so much, Josh. I don’t care how long we’ve known each other. Joshua Miller, will you marry me?”
Josh’s face filled with joy as he answered, “Oh, hell yeah.”
***
Randy raced up the maintenance road, his lights flashing. He scanned the brush on either side of the road for any sign of Josh or Beth. He honked his horn every few yards hoping to scare off any wolves prowling the area. His heart pounded in his ears at the thought of Josh standing over Beth’s body, fighting off a pack of wolves in the utter darkness that surrounded them.
He caught a movement out of the corner of his eye and slammed on the brakes. He opened the truck door and shouted, “Josh! Beth!”
“Here!” Josh called out from a short distance to his left.
Randy flipped on the spotlight attached to his door and swung it in the direction of Josh’s voice. He quickly located the deer stand. Josh and Beth were standing on the platform waving at him.
“We’re getting married!” Josh yelled, flashing a brilliant smile.
Randy shook his head and called back, “That’s great, but we really should get her out of the cold before she catches pneumonia.”

The excitement of Josh’s announcement quickly wore off when they pulled back up in front of the cabin. Beth stared at the state troopers gathered inside the garage. “Kilo,” she gasped turning to Josh, “Franklin shot him.”
Josh glanced at Randy, who shook his head and said, “I’m sorry.”
Josh opened the truck door and headed slowly to the garage. Charlie rushed to greet him, bouncing around him excitedly. Josh patted Charlie briefly and then went to kneel beside Kilo’s still form. One of the state troopers said, “He was gone before we opened the door. He didn’t have a chance.”
Josh nodded silently; the scent of death filled the garage with its pungent odor. Josh stroked the soft fur on Kilo’s head. “He did his job, didn’t you boy? He’s been protecting Beth and Charlie for quite some time now.” Josh whispered and scooped Kilo up in his arms. He carried him to his truck that now sat beside Amy's SUV. The troopers were loading the ATV’s back into the truck bed. Randy rushed to the truck, opened the passenger door, and small rear door for Josh. Josh laid Kilo on the back seat and motioned for Beth.
Randy closed the rear door and waited until Beth arrived to tell them both, “Franklin died soon after we headed into the woods. It’s over.”



Chapter Eleven
Two months later
 “January weather in Utah is hard to predict. We almost always get more snow than in the city because we're in the mountains.” Beth explained to her mother over the phone. “We could have two feet of snow next weekend, or the ground could be completely bare. Either way, the wedding is a go. Josh will get you here from the airport. He has a pickup truck, and he’s used to driving in deep snow, mother. It’s not a big deal. Just bring some waterproof boots and a warm coat, you’ll be fine.”
Josh sat next to her on the sofa, trying not to laugh as she disconnected the call. She turned and frowned at him, saying, “I told you we should have taken the kids and eloped to Hawaii.”
“Baby, that’s just not how it’s done around here,” Josh said, slapping his knee for Charlie to come to him when Molly opened the back door.
The doorbell rang, and Molly ran to the door, “My dress is here!” She yanked open the door to find Amy and Randy standing there with their arms full of dry cleaning. Randy pointed behind him; Molly gasped and ran out the door.
Jake followed them inside boasting loudly, “Randy says I can drive his truck!”
“Over my dead body,” Josh countered, and rose to take the tuxedos and gowns from Randy.
“Just once,” Jake whined coming to his side. “I’ll be careful.”
Josh ignored him and shot a glare of annoyance at Randy, who quickly shrugged his shoulders and said, “I don’t know how the boy got that impression. Driving a vehicle without a driver’s permit is illegal in the state of Utah.”
Josh laughed and slapped Randy heartedly on the back, then turned to Jake, “Why don’t we work on teaching you to drive the ATV first, then we’ll see about the truck.”
“Awesome!” Jake said, he turned and gave Randy a high five.
“Was I just manipulated?” Josh asked with a raised eyebrow.
Molly came rushing back in the door, dancing with delight. She asked, “What’s its name? What’s its name?”
Beth took the dry cleaning from Josh, and they turned to look for the source of all the excitement. Molly was beaming with joy. In her arms was a white malamute puppy. “He’s so white you should call him Snowball!” She gushed, moving to show her father.
Randy laughed and said, “I don’t think a future police dog should be called Snowball, sweetie. I was thinking of calling him Or Else. That way I could say to a criminal ‘Put your hands up...” then he pointed at the puppy and added, “or else.”
Josh laughed and reached for the puppy. Jake came up beside him and stroked the pup's head. 
Jake stared at it for a moment as a look of sadness crossed his face. He turned to Randy and asked softly, “Can we call him Kilo?”
The room grew silent. Josh reached out and took hold of Jake’s shoulder. He’d taken Kilo’s loss hard. It was nearly three weeks before Jake could sleep through the night without waking up from nightmares.
Randy cupped Jake’s chin and glanced at Amy who nodded her agreement. “That name is perfect.”


The End


Other books by Kimbra Townsend
Wasatch Mountains
Pseudo Personality (Book 1)
Believing in Hope (Book 2)
The Broken Pieces of Yesterday (Book 3)
Talking to Kids
Samantha Goes to the Hospital (Book 1)
Samantha Goes to Physical Therapy (Book 2)- coming soon!

Books by Alaina Stanford
Hypnotic Journey – A Paranormal Fantasy 
Forbidden Quest (Book 1)
When Magic Fails (Book 2)
As Darkness Falls (Book 3)
A Sequence of Darkness (Book 4)
Necromancer’s Whisper (Book 5)
The Price of Magic (Book 6)
Treborel – A Sci-Fi Adventure
Tempest Rise (Book 1)
Vengeance’s Fire (Book 2)
Archangel – A Paranormal Romance
The Light of His Sword (Book 1)
The Power of His Touch (Book 2)
The Echo of Her Presence (Book 3)
The Defiance of His Conviction (Book 4)  
Angel From Hell (Book 5) - Coming soon!
Royal Duty- Multi-genre Romance
Order of Succession (Book 1)
Virtuous Trickery (Book 2)- Coming soon!

Author Info

Kimbra also writes under the pen name Alaina Stanford. She has co-authored a children’s book series with her daughter Samantha Townsend called the Neighbor Series.
Website: www.authoralainastanford.com/kimbratownsend
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/AuthorKimbraTownsend/
Twitter: @awritr
Reviews and comments are welcome and appreciated. Feel free to email Alaina at 11alaina11@gmail.com with any questions or comments.

Alaina Stanford

